My partner and I stayed here for the first time recently on a three night free room offer.  We had a very nice room with a view of the strip but could not really see the fountains as we were on the sixth floor (all you can see is the roof and yard of the private quarters that line the lake).  It doesn't get much more luxurious than this.  The pool area is gorgeous too and you can relax and enjoy yourself without being bothered by lots of kids.  Really enjoyed soaking in the oversized tub late at night.  No complaints about the staff, they were all top drawer.
This is a 5 star AAA 4-5 Diamond resort that caters to the ultra rich and those who want to "experience the vip service."  This hotel was featured in the movie Oceans 11 (remake) and designed specifically with the High Roller in mind.  Really, if you are a whale there is no limit to what can be available here.  This is the playground for the ultra rich.  For the rest of us, this is a Premier Hotel that gives you the air of luxury many of us do not see.  They spared no expense when building this hotel from the imported Italian marble floors to the $1 million chandelier above the registration desk.. . Gambling here is king.  Do NOT expect to find $10 black jack here, it does not exist.  The table action and crap tables are packed and money is thrown around here like it grows on trees.  The rooms have been upgraded and are average in size but the fountain show view is amazing.  I've been a VIP here and stayed in one of the Penthouses which was well over 3000 sqft.  You are literally sitting on top of the world in the Penthouse and looking down over the fountain show.  Everything is at your finger tips from, a private elevator to your room (4 bedrooms), to LCDs rising from the floor, to the panoramic view the strip.. . For the average guest they will call you by your name and service is second to none.  There is a huge difference in service and paying the extra money to stay here is worth it.  There is something about staying here that puts a little hop in your step and flip of your hair.  As good as it gets and then some...
O-K!  Oh my I needed to drop everything I am doing right now at work to say a Big BOLD Thank YOU via Yelp for the excellent Customer Service at Bellagio today.  Thank you, Marleen of the Bellagio Business Center. . . I've stayed in the hotel (GORGEOUS suite that I wasn't in long enough to enjoy thanks to the nightlife of Vegas), I've walked through it all dressed to the nines and loved the way my heels made noise on the marble floors.  I've stood outside drunk & sober on the sidewalk for hours watching the fountain shows... but nothing compares to this panicky moment just made SO calm by Marleen (said like a lovesick teenager).  . . My CEO needs his boarding pass to catch a flight out after CES conference.  You know things are a little higher hustle and bustle when a huge conference is added into the regular hub-ub of Vegas! . . So here's the deal My dinosaur of a fax isnt working.  I have tried countless times and for some reason the fax cover goes through but not the stinkin boarding pass.  . . Marleen calls me and says "why don't you just tell me what airline he is flying and I will get online and print out a nice color copy for him"  . . WOW!  Great service!  Way to take initiative, Marleen!  You don't really get to have that level of selfless service anymore.  . . Love it!  My stress is over and my task was just completed at a higher caliber for my CEO than I had anticipated.  A nice clean print out of his boarding pass will be waiting in his room when he gets back from the conference in a bit.  SWEET! . . While I'm here I might as well say that I deal with these guys often on the phone doing bookings for my executives.  Their Casino Marketing Group is also TOP NOTCH when it comes to VIP guests and making sure they are taken care of.  Thank you, Bellagio!
I love the Bellagio and I've never stayed there. It is absolutely the best hotel for non-guests on the Strip. I highly recommend you visit it, perhaps even more than once! The conservatory and gardens, fountain show, and art gallery are all just stellar.. . The fine art gallery has a lot of fantastic contemporary and post-modern pieces for a small, unusual location. Their audio-tour is very informative and the Figuratively Speaking exhibition is wonderfully varied. It even has discounted admission for seniors, students, teachers, and military.. . The conservatory and botanical gardens change their theme every few months. They feature all kinds of plant species but also topiary, sculpture, and cool hanging decor by season or holiday.. . Basically, don't just stop outside for the fountains. Go in, especially during the day, and bring your whole family. The Bellagio is an a great place to not-stay.
BEST. F*^&ING BUFFET. IN VEGAS. Hands down. . . Perhaps I am but a Vegas buffet noob; I've tried Planet Hollywood's Spice Market, the buffet in Caeser Palace, Rio's Carnival Buffet. I've also tried MGM's buffet, but that was quite a while ago and not fresh in my memory. In whatever case, I found something lacking in each of these buffets -- something that I could not grasp quite what it was, the je ne sais quoi that these buffets desperately needed. Everything that was missing, and then some, was found in the Buffet at the Bellagio. . . I vividly recall our long journey there. We set out from the Palazzo, preparing ourselves for the cold, bitter winds of the desert. Our stomachs growling, our limbs fragile from our fatigue...but we kept oureyes on the prize, focusing on the glowing lights that was the Bellagio.. . After what seemed like an eternity, we set foot in the Bellagio. But our hopes plummeted when seeing the line that snaked around the wall. "NOOO," we cried in devastation. "We'll NEVER get to eat!". . But we had made the long journey there, after all, so we sought to see it through. The minutes seemed like hours, ticking by at a snail's pace.. . 1.5 hours later, on a Sunday night, we reached the front of the line. $29.95 for dinner buffet! Not bad, not bad at all. We split our group of 8 into two small groups to avoid the mandatory 18% gratuity, and off we were!. . I almost plowed the waiter over in my haste to collect my prizes. "Whoa, calm down there, miss!". . I threw a hasty, "sorry!" over my shoulder before continuing onto the beauty I would soon behold. I piled mountains of smoked salmon, crab legs, sashimi (I have never, ever before found sushi at a buffet good, but Bellagio is the exception to this rule). At the table, my friends and I ate in silence, only pausing to say one of the following sentences:. . "This is good.". "Is that good?". "You should try this, it's good.". . Less than an hour later, we laid in our chairs, breathing heavily. I had to mentally tell myself to breathe, or else I'd forgot to. I believe I ate every single thing in the buffet.... . Note: THE CREME BRULEE IS TO DIE FOR.. . Ever since my visit, I have dreamt about this buffet. I kid you not. It was certainly the highlight of my trip to Vegas.
Love this hotel! The hotel itself is gorgeous, the Conservatory of Flowers is also gorgeous, and the water show outside is a great free attraction! . . The rooms are clean, good size, and have gigantic (& luxurious) bathrooms (total plus if you're traveling with a group of girls like I was)! Not to mention, the beds are large and super comfy. My only complaints about the room - there wasn't much closet space and it was somewhat difficult for us to request additional towels.. . There are many pool options, though only some are heated. In the heat of summer, I'm sure it can be hard to find a place to sit, but my girls and I had no problem finding 3 open spots at several of the different pools (we went in mid-June). The crowd at the pool, though, is older or more family-oriented (which I think are more the crowds Bellagio caters to), so don't be expecting anything near a pool party. It has a much more relaxed vibe. Great for just lying out and catching some sun in the afternoon.. . The staff here are pretty helpful and fairly easy to deal with. Getting cabs was never an issue, and the bellhops were all friendly and helpful. Checkout was a little difficult because the TV checkout option wasn't working, but making a quick phone call down to the front desk to check out was just as quick.. . Biggest complaint: there is a gigantic dead-zone for cell phones in the majority of the casino and lobby, and service is spotty in the rooms. (In my group of girls we had AT&T and Sprint, and we all had spotty service) . . But overall, I love this hotel. I would definitely stay here again.
one of my best bday gifts ever...
Best casino on the strip to throw dice -- decor is plush and rich, the tables are high end and well made, and there are serious gamblers here to elevate your game. The drinks served at the gambling tables are superior to other casinos as well; strong and well-mixed.  Also great place to people watch.  Will return here the next time I am in Vegas and am getting the itch to throw some di.
This is a great casino. It is one of the classiest resorts on the strip. One downside for a cost conscious person is that the casino floor has expensive table games (nothing less than $10-25 minimums) and you won't find nickel slots..      If you're not gambling, the conservatory is a great place to walk through and enjoy the sights. They change the theme every couple of months so there's always something new to see. At the time of this review they are showing a Chinese New Year theme. Near the conservatory is a really cool chocolate fountain that starts at the ceiling and works it's way down to the floor. .      The water show out  front is amazing to watch. They play different songs each show so it feels like a different show every time.
the bellagio has been known as being the first casino in Vegas with real marble, stone, real art, everything... and thus for the highest of the high rollers.  Even though the Wynn ushered in a whole era of the ultra-high end casino hotel, the Bellagio still has the most cache on the strip. . . So when i took my whole sales team to Vegas to celebrate the stellar year we had in 2010, i specified: "don't get your hopes up, we ain't gonna stay at the Bellagio, okay!" .... But of course that just made them want to stay there all the more.  And they insisted that i stay in the Penthouse so we'd have a place to go back and party. . . If you're gonna get a Penthouse, wow, you should really get one at the Bellagio.  for starters, they have a limo pick you up at the airport.  nice touch!  then they have their own Audio-guy just for your room!  as in: the sound system for your room is SO bumpin that they have a special guy that comes out and shows you how to use it and tests that it's bumpin loud enough.  he actually replaced one of the speakers for me because it didn't bump to his satisfaction. . . next, i had my own conference room (not reserved for my usage - no no), like a conference room IN my Penthouse, hello!  could seat 20 and had crazy audio visual capabilities in case you wanted a corporate feel.  i had my own bar - with 4 bar stools and 2 refrigerators and it's own TV (just for thebar area).  then i had my own steam room!  well, my big-ass shower doubled as it's own steam room.  nice!  . . ask me how big my room was?  How big was it , you say?  it was sooo big that i had 2 bathrooms in my room.  the main bathroom and the guest bathroom for all the partiers.  we juiced up the sound system so much that security came to our room 2 times per night.  but relax though, they had this great system where basically you had at least 5 warnings before you got kicked out of the room.  so we're like: "why don't you tell the people complaining that they should get a Penthouse next time? or maybe that they shouldn't get a room next to a penthouse, hello?". . couple things i forgot: you don't check in with the masses when you have a penthouse. they take you to a private room to check in that has coffee, free drinks, chocolate covered strawberries, cookies... heck i was looking to see if we had our own 21 table and go-go dancers in there.  of course, you have your own concierge that can get you tables and entrance anywhere.  we partied in the penthouse till 3-4am each night then we decided it was time to hit the clubs downstairs.  we were never back in the rooms till 7am either night/morning.  tragic.
Favorite Baccarat room in all of Las Vegas. They have some cool hosts too and I was taken great care of. The lightening and atmosphere in the Bellagio is so good (compared to like Mirage where it's dark, however the Mirage has the best pool). The Bellagio is all class and for real gamblers. For kids wanting to party it may not be for you. Though, I always have a great time at the Bank club. It's small but def a good time when it's packed.. . The Bellagio pool is definitely for the elderly crowd or for families with young kids. So if you're in your 20's like me, you'll want to party at a different pool as a heads up.. . The cafe is good food as well. Though, just keep in mind no matter what time of day you go here there will be at least 25-50 people taking photos of the gardens. It's practically a maze to weave through all the tourists. It never ends and you have to duck, tuck, and roll to not get in the way of someone's photo op! But when you make it to the cafe it's all over :)
Every couple of years my company has a huge conference. Previous locations were Chicago, Scottsdale, and of course Orlando. Employees usually come with spouse in tow and while we are busy being masters of the universe our better half's enjoy the amenities. This year the conference was held at the Bellagio in Las Vegas. Now if you know me at all you know I'm a gambling man and Craps is my game. As a matter of fact, Niki and I go to Las Vegas at least once a year to indulge in all the city has to offer. This occasion was no different. The hotel had everything covered and that included all the meals and entertainment. When you walk into the hotel you are simply blown away by the Chihuly installation on the ceiling. From the worlds tallest chocolate waterfall to the intense action found in the casino, the Bellagio never falls short.  . . All the meals were superb ranging from steaks and pastas to lobster and sushi. Everything was top shelf and the service was impeccable. One night they hosted a private party at The Bank. The cocktails were flying off the bar rapidly while food was being served by several people walking around with big trays. Don't get me wrong I have seen all this before and done well but not to this extent. Everything was first rate and any want or desire fulfilled to expectation. I have stayed in many of the hotels on the strip but none in my experience can beat the Bellagio. Hands down my top pick for lodgings, food, entertainment, pampering, and last but not by far least, Craps baby!!!
Each time I visit LV, I realize that I love, love, love Lake Bellagio and the dancing fountain show! The Fontana provided a very good vantage point.  In addition, the hotel lobby, the restaurants, the Conservatory and garden with the Lunar New Year decorations, are beautiful. I especially love Sensi, the restaurant. I truly love the Bellagio!
If I could afford it, I would buy a penthouse here and be totally happy! It's so beautiful and even the floors in the gardens are exquisite. Parking was easy to find and it's free. Check in looked a bit crazy but it was UFC weekend, it was being held at Mandalay Bay,
Everything here it top notch, A+.  Buffet, room, great poker room, service.  Their   Had great seats for the "O" theater and was magnificent. . . Get a room facing the front pond for great water show views at night.  Worth the money at least once in your life...
This is by far the BEST place to stay in Vegas.  We are in the 40 something category, so wanted a subdued environment, while being entertained.  It was a fabulous room, huge bath, lovely view of fountain show, quiet, peaceful experience.  The weather did  not cooperate with a pool experience this trip, but we will try again later in the year.  All employees were professional, gave great suggestions, and food and drink was a diet buster for sure... we will return.
By far my favorite hotel ever! Every detail of our stays has been perfect every time. . . We had a large group stay at the Bellagio last fall when my husband and I got married and the staff made sure our visit was perfect. Everything we needed was delivered quickly and with a smile. . . The hotelstaff offers nothing but excellence and aims to please it's guests. . . The room service is quick and delightful.  Lounging by the pool is a great way to pass time with friends and escape the busy strip. The spa is treat for the senses and the over all experience of the hotel can't be beat! . . Treat yourself to stay at the Bellagio next time you're in Vegas..it will change the way you feel about hotel stays!!!
Stayed for a week,. Great time. The best bloody steak and eggs in the world. I think I am going to have to come back just for that !! Staff treated me like a rock star Fabulous....
This is the best hotel on the Strip that I have stayed at to date.  . . One thing to note before I write my review.  The Hard Rock, Luxor, and Bellagio, are all charging "Resort Fees" while staying there to use the internet and other things. Each hotel was a different fee.. . We checked in after midnight on the day of our reservation, so they used our room for someone else.  They gave us a smoking optional room and said that we could change in the morning.  When we got to the room, it smelled like smoke, so we let them know that we wanted to change in the morning.  We woke up and called at 9am, and they ask my wife to call back at 11am, because no one had checked out yet.  When she called back at 11, they gave us our new room number, and we didn't have to go to the front desk for anything.  We headed straight to our new room, and our old keys worked without issue.. . The room was big and the bathroom was large.  It had a stand-up shower, and a full tub.  The bed was very comfortable.  The curtains for the window are controlled by two control panels located beside the bed and the entrance to the room.  The one minus for the room is a smaller old style TV.  They need to change over to Flat Screens.. . We ordered room service two days, and both times the food arrived in like 30 minutes.  The food was hot, and good.  It was a bit pricey, but worth it. . . We checked out the pool area one day.  It was huge and nice, but the day we went, it was in the low 70's and windy, so we didn't stay more than a couple of hours.. . Overall, it was an awesome stay, and right in the heart of the Strip.  I would recommend to anyone, it you have the cash, stay there.
My wife and I stayed here because we were getting married here. It was my first time staying at the Bellagio and I enjoyed every minute of it. I think the rooms could go for a remodel, but other than that, it is a great place. I recommend hangin out at the Baccaract Bar if you want to people watch.
Got married in '07 and stayed here.  Giving 5 stars because of the view of the Fountain Show.  Remember to turn up the volume of your TV when the show starts. IT IS AWESOME.  Then saw Celine Dion next door at Caesar's Palace so the proximity was great - just walked right over [Paris Hotel is next door too].  The Bellagio has staff that asks for your card at the elevators so security is in place.  The pool is awesome and IIRC, the towels are provided as a courtesy.
I am so glad we stayed at the Bellagio!. . Though expensive, it was worth every penny.  We even paid extra to secure a room facing the fountains (highly recommended).  Our room on the tenth floor was very spacious and elegant, with one of the comfiest hotel beds I've ever slept on.  And the bathroom?  Exquisite.  With a glass standup shower and a deep soaking tub, my husband and I felt like we were living in luxury.. . Other furniture in the room included a large TV unit with built-in closets, a desk and chair, and two comfy arm chairs with a small table and lamp.  Upon arriving our first night at 1AM, we were pleasantly surprised to find a little chocolate on each of our pillows - a nice touch, especially after a long day of travel.  . . Cleaning services were spot on, and we returned to our room each day with fresh linens and a tidy room.  And at night, we could watch the fountain shows from the comfort of our room.. . The pool area was absolutely gorgeous, but unfortunately closed at the early hour of 6PM, so we never had the opportunity to enjoy it.. . Its location relative to all the other hotels is practically right in the middle of The Strip, making foot travel very easy.  We had no trouble getting around to see many of the other hotels, from Mandalay Bay all the way up to Treasure Island.  Traffic is congested though, so if you are renting a car it's best to navigate via the side streets.. . The Bellagio is a stunning hotel and I would not hesitate to stay there again.
Quite possibly the most amazing hotel I have ever stayed in. Everything was perfect from the white glove door to door service of the bellhops to the overly accommodating concierges, to the finely appointed suite....my God, the shower! Typically I judge a hotel room by the comfort level of the bed and the type of sleep I get, but in this hotel I was just enamored by the bathrooms. My posse and I stayed in a standard suite, nothing fancy, but if this is what not-fancy looks like then I'msold. We had a great deal through vegas.com for my 25th birthday and figured "go big or go home". Sure it's pricier than other hotels on the strip, but indulge, I beg you. For special occasions, or those with expendable income, do yourself the favor and splurge on a cabana rental and see "O". The tickets may be more expensive than any other Cirque show, but you will never be able to see it anywhere else and come on, you don't even have to leave the compound.. .  If you're looking for free stuff to do after blowing all of your money at the $50 buy-in tables, look no further than this hotel for it's beautiful Chihuly glass both on it's signature ceiling and located throughout the casino floor, the fountain show out front that will leave you feeling like you're on the set of Oceans 11, or the beautiful indoor conservatory and botanical gardens.. With endless choices of cuisine and five-star shopping, you really don't need to leave the hotel at all.
When we booked our last minute Vegas/Grand Canyon vacation, we did so on a bit of a budget and booked our first few nights at Circus Circus in order to take advantage of the free pair of Cirque du Soliel tickets.  One positive thing I can say about our stay at Circus Circus is that it certainly made our decision to splurge on the Bellagio for our last night feel like the best decision we ever made!. . The lobby is absoulutely gorgeous!  Probably one of the nicest in Vegas.  Check-in was approximately 50 times faster here, and they had us in our room in no time!  We were greeted by a very friendly housekeeper who came in and made sure our towels, robes, pillows, and chocolates were fully stocked and showed us where everything was.  Very sweet and friendly lady!. . The room was immaculate, the bathroom was amazing, the curtains opened and closed remotely, the bed was super comfy, and the view was unbeatable!  We felt like royalty in our room!. . HUGE disappointment of the night:. We had decided to pay a bit more for the full lakeview room, which offered a full view of the fountains of Bellagio, complete with the music streamed live through the TV.  We got ourselves a bottle of wine, settled ourselves in front of the window, and waited for the show to begin... and waited, and waited, and waited.  Finally, I called the front desk and inquired as to why the fountains were not going off.  I was informed that they had canceled the shows for the evening due to very high winds.  I wanted to cry.  We hadn't seen the fountains all week because we had been saving it to see on our last night from our room.  I asked if they were offering any kind of discount for their guests who had paid extra for the lakeview room, and I was transferred to an extremely sympathetic and apologetic woman who agreed immediately to credit $50 to our account.  I was still very disappointed, but I thanked her and said I understood.. . Queue moping.. . My boyfriend suggested I have some wine and take a bath to cheer myself up, since our bathroom was equipped with a very nice soaking tub.  I dumped the whole mini bottle of shampoo into the tub and made myself a nice bubble bath and proceeded to relax.  A few minutes into my bath, I heard my boyfriend laughing in the other room.  I asked what he was laughing at, and he responded "the fountains are going off."  I leapt out of the tub, covered in bubbles, wrapped a towel around myself and ran to the window, but I was too late.. . Queue more moping.  Please please please don't let that be the only time they go off tonight!  Fortunately, I got to see the fountains go off three more times (at half height, I believe), so I was content!  We were still given a $30 credit, since they did set the fountains off, but not nearly as much as they would on a regular night.. . Overall, I felt very pampered and comfortable, and I felt that the staff genuinely cared about my happiness.  Now if only I could afford to always stay in hotels as nice as this one!
Very nice place. When inside have a chocolate fountain really nice. Also they have a area just full of flowers really nice looking place.
Because I'm a huge fan of the Ocean's movies, this was a destination--but I was surprised in so many other ways.  Loved the shopping selection, the Chihuly glasswork, and the garden.  But my favorite was still the fountains...and the wonderful music played with their artwork.
==Bellagio==. Just pure excellent. We were hotel hoping nights for 7 days. haha it was fun, but we couldn't get Bellagio at a decent price so we skipped staying here. However, the BUFFET is really really good and well worth it if you can eat a lot and like high quality food. Come here during the dinner buffet but be prepared to wait almost an hour to get in :P The hotel and lobby is just amazing. I love this hotel and it's very upscale with high class shops within as well. The best part is watching the water show outside, but the best view is from the Paris Tower :) And I submitted some photos of those too.. . PROS::. . 1] Just overall greatness!. 2] The dinner buffet is the best I had. 3] The decor is just breathtaking, everywhere you walk within this hotel, the amount of detail and work.
We have stayed at many other hotels in Vegas like stratosphere, Luxor and we always wanted to stay at the bellagio, so I got an awesome deal for the lake view room for 2 nights and OMG!!!! We loved it zoo much, we had room service bring us dinner and drinks and other things and the lake is beautiful with the view of the Eiffel tower right I'm the middle, we are never staying at a different hotel ever again Bellagio is the best.
I love the Bellagio.  Beautiful beautiful casino.
The luxury aspect of it, the dancing fountains, the restaurants, the shopping, the gambling. One of the best hotels in Vegas
Bellagio is a great place. Rooms are gorgeous. Lobby and pool are great as well. This place is a little pricey but I think worth it. The people that stay here are not the typical Vegas loud and screaming party type so it makes for a great experience.
We have yet to stay here, but we love the casino and everything else about this place. The location is really convenient.
The Bellagio is by far my favorite hotel. The entire hotel from the lobby to the casino to the suites is elegant and luxurious. Is it expensive? Absolutely, but you pay for what you get. Service is top notch. . . Compared to newer, more opulent, hotels The Bellagio stands strong as a Vegas hot spot. The fountain show is a notable site, drawing crowds every day. The decor inside is more tasteful than other newer hotels, as are the guest rooms. Every detail of this hotel and casino were well thought out and designed. . . If you want to do Vegas right, and want to treat yourself, The Bellagio is the place to go.
I'm not ashamed to admit that yes, I did in fact sneak into the Bellagio on New Year's Eve Day 2009. Because of the holiday and the huge crowds, there were signs posted all over that only guests could enter & keys needed to be shown. Well, one of my girlfriends & I just walked right in and had a blast! . . Since we were there during the holidays, after watching the fountain show, I was able to see the beautiful flower display, complete with toy trains with live cameras! The blown glass ceiling decoration was so fabulous I spent a good 20 minutes taking photos. The salon looked wonderful, although obviously on such short notice we didn't attempt to make an appointment. The pool was gorgeous as well. We were staying at the Luxor, so I wasn't able to see any of the rooms, but absolutely everything else at the Bellagio floored me. On my next trip to Vegas this is right at the top of my list for places to stay.
Ever since my first trip to Vegas I've wanted to stay at Bellagio. It may be past its prime as THE luxury resort/casino, now that the Wynn and Aria (etc) have opened, but I have a weakness for European-style elegance. In fact, "stay at Bellagio" is on my bucket list-- right between "visit New Orleans" and "see a movie at Hollywood Forever Cemetery".. . This March I siezed the opportunity, thanks to an Expedia deal, and booked 2 nights at the Bellagio. I was sure that using an online booking service would mean that we would end up with a lousy room next to the elevators and overlooking the parking lot. I was so surprised when our room was located on one of the higher floors and had a wonderful view of the pool area. The room was lovely! Entryway with tile floors, huge bathroom with soaking tub and glass shower, large marble-topped vanity, plush beds, massive lighted armoire/entertainment center, push-button blackout curtains. . . Check-in was swift and courteous. In fact, every staff member we encountered was nothing but pleasant and friendly to us. From the maintenance man who fixed our in-room safe (it just needed a replacement battery), to the valets and bellhops, to the random employee in the halls. We were always treated as VIPs, even though we're far from high rollers. . . Not only was I able to cross this item off my list, but I thoroughly enjoyed the experience!
This was byfar the best hotel I've stayed out. Everything was perfect from the minute we walked up to the front door til the day we left. Every need we had was accommodated in a timely matter. And let me just say, the beds and pillows were the most comfortable I have ever been on in my life! . . The buffet in the hotel: EXCELLENT!. Decor & Service: PERFECT!. Conservatory & botanical gardens: BEAUTIFUL!. . I stayed here in 2009, and I am going back to Vegas next month and I am sad to say I wont be staying at the Bellagio this time around due to cost, but I will definitely be visiting and maybe this time eat at Yellowtail and get some drinks at The Bank!
the 24/7 $5 blackjack tables are money (pun intended).. . for a nice hotel, that is so rare! I didnt stay here, but ill def come back to play :). . I also love the chihuly display in the ceiling
This place is incredibly beautiful and although outside of the fountains there is nothing really unusual or special as is the norm on the strip, you can't help but feel that this is THE hotel to be at in the city.  We stayed for five days and every staff member was super friendly.  Recommend highly!
One of the top hotels in Las Vegas. I have been to Vegas over 10 times and stayed in around 10 different hotels... andthis was the best. Although some people say they do not like the gambling here. The pools are great like any other Vegas hotel. There is not much shopping to do, but if you get a room of the watershow it is just simply amazing. It is worth the extra fee. . . The interior is beautiful with the ceiling of colorful ceramic glass art and they usually change their garden.
Was here June 3-5 2011 and what can I say.  It was fantastic.  The hotel, the pool, the buffet, etc.  Everything was A+!!
What idiot gave this place one star?. . Hey, I don't write many glowing reviews. But the Bellagio was superior in every possible way. The hotel itself is a gem of architecture and interior design. The staff not only were extraordinarily attentive, but did their level best to ensure a special experience for guests. . . We've done Las Vegas and can't imagine a reason to come back, unless on business. But if we did, the Bellagio would definitely get the nod.
First visit to Vegas glad we chose The Bellagio. Whilst busy, full for the last 2 months, large enough to not feel overcrowded. Having visited other hotels certainly Bellagio seemed to be the best. Ate at Olives and Circo both first class pricey but not exorbitant. If coming to Vegas again definitely recommend here.. Water fountains spectacular!
My first in Vegas! I got to stay here!. . This hotel is pretty legit. Outstanding customer service! . . I had a issue with Southwest airlines and with my luggage. But the staff here helped me out a bunch. My phone died when I got to the hotel and I split up and lost my group so they helped me find out my room number and it wasnt much of an issue.. . The stores are great, food is great, I really like the Bellagio chocolates they leave in the room... I asked house keeping if they had any and they told me only at night. I was a little sad about it but before I checked out they left me a whole back full of them which was awesome.. . One thing I did wonder about was if this is such a fancy high end type of hotel. Why does it have the old school boxed tv's instead of the flat screens that everyone else has now a days?
The Bellagio hands-down remains my favorite hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. It has prime location, great restaurants, shows, nightlife, beauty and the best concierge in town. . . Bellagio is situated right in the middle of the strip, convenient to everything. Next door is the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, which ranks as runner up favorite hotel on the strip. Bellagio features Cirque du Soleil's: "O" in my opinion ranks as the best of the three Cirque shows I have seen. . . Las Vegas is known for its fine dining and Bellagio is no exception. Even the Buffet at the Bellagio outdoes the rest. The hotel features 5 Fine Dining Options (a great assortment of Seafood, French, Chinese, Spanish, and a Steakhouse) as well as 6 other midlevel restaurants, and even more casual dining options. There is truly something to satisfy even the pickiest of eaters at the Bellagio. Yelp rates both Picasso (French/Spanish) and Le Cirque (French) as 4.5/5 stars.. . If you aren't a high roller or you are finished with playing the tables, there is lot's more to see still at the Bellagio. There are the unforgettable fountains, Botanical Gardens, Art Galleries and an enchanting blown glass ceiling by famous Artist, Dale Chihuly. Shopping consists of 7 high end shops and boutiques. And Bellagio's hot nightclub The Bank features 8,000 sq. feet and VIP rooms to accommodate up to 75 guests.. . Can't afford to stay at Bellagio? Stay next door at Caesars or across the street at Bally's. Bally's connects with Paris, another great hotel to explore on the strip.. . . Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
I can't say anymore than what has already been written.  My wife and I have stayed here on two separate occasions, and it will be very difficult to stay elsewhere the next time.  Bellagio is 5 stars all the way through.  Only thing I would change about the Bellagio is an update to the rooms.  Everything here is expensive though, so be prepared to spend some $$$.  Highly recommend.  Will probably try out one of the city center hotels, or Wynn or Venetian next go 'round.
We love the card tables at bellagio.  Pierre is an awesome and entertaining dealer.  We come to play here every time
Outstanding. Magnificent. Fun!  It's a winner in all aspects -- even if you leave with no money. It's about having a great time. And you will if you stay here!
Amazing Hotel. Haw can anyone not like this place. Great service, great rooms, great tables, this was everything you could wish for. . Went to the pool as well, hard to find anywhere to sit, but 3 - 4 pools so loads of space to swim and relax.. Right in the centre of the strip so great location, and fountains are icing on cake. . . If I can afford it would stay here again.
Of course this place is known for the famous fountain show when you walk by on the strip but I always had a great time actually gambling here.  There were definitely hundreds of dollars that exchanged hands on my adventures here.  The conservatory Botanical Gardens is beautiful too, always fun to walk by and take pictures there on every single trip to the area. Alot of nice birds to look at in the environment as well. .   I almost stayed here way back when the place opened or near when it did, but now I just love passing through.  Maybe I can plan to stay at this spot sometime in the future.  I do look forward to seeing the fountains again on a future visit to Sin City. Of course the tram actually starts here once you walk through all those shops that gets you to Monte Carlo.  I did not go to the Bank Nightclub, but I HEARD it was really great.
The Absolute Royale frozen drink alone deserves 5 stars.  The drink is sublime.  It has acai, vodka, rose champagne, who knows what else - it's bluer than a Smurf and has a few fresh blueberries nestled on the top.  This is the best frozen drink ever, especially on a scorching summer day - even if it's served in one of those ghetto Bellagio disposable plastic cups and costs close to 15 bucks.. . The food is okay - standard overpriced poolside cafe fare.  Everything is spread out all fancy-like, probably to detract from the fact that the portions are puny.  I recommend filling up with drinks.  . . I had the Grilled Shrimp and Papaya Salad ($17) -  5 pieces of shrimp + 3 slices of mango + 2 slices of papaya + few slices of cucumber + a bit of coleslaw = still hungry.. . My husband had the Bellagio Lobster Rolls ($21) - It's true there is more than just 1 roll.  It's also true each of the 3 rolls is the size of a little kid's fist.  Tiny bits of so-called lobster meat.  They use the cheapest part of the lobster to make it so don't expect huge chunks of firm sweet lobster meat. . It comes with shrimp chips (the kind you get with Peking duck) and sprouts.. . My friend had the Ahi Tuna Sliders ($18) - She thoroughly enjoyed her 3 little ahi tuna sliders.
A Vegas landmark. Iconic. Beautiful. Expensive. We stayed here for a friend's birthday, and boy did we. But we definitely got our money's worth. We went with the penthouse suite and it was nothing short of amazing. Private elevator and spacious living area. A great idea for those trying to do something special for the significant other.. . Pro tip: if you ever stay at Vdara, ask for a view of the Bellagio. Watching the water show from your window area is an experience in itself.
Stayed here in June of 2008.. I loved the dancing water , the design of the hotel and shops. It was pure coincidence that Marie Osmond was there promoting and autographing her dolls-so I was able to get my favorite Strawberry Shortcake doll autographed.
BEAUTIFUL! CLASSY! CLEAN! It is definitely worth seeing once every season because they change the theme. You almost feel like your walking into a theme park...its so beautiful. Regardless of if you are staying there or not, I suggest everyone to at least check out the lobby :) Gorgeous. Very Artsy! Fabulous!
Gorgeous suite!!! I definitely recommend a suite with a fountain/strip view!  It is just stunning to see the water show from an aerial view!!!
Bellagio!! We've stayed at a few nice ones in Vegas and Bellagio has been the best overall. its in the middle of everything & its so pretty
Awesome free fountain show! Good mojito at a bar inside the mall.
Beautiful hotel and casino right on the strip. We didn't stay here but right when you walk in you feel like you have money...it just reeks of wealth!  If you don't get a chance to ever stay here you must go and at least try the buffet.  Best buffet I've ever had....$30 all you can eat and drink (champagne).  . . We didn't even get a chance to check out the pool or garden area because of this awesome brunch, but it sounds amazing from the other yelpers reviews...maybe next time:)
Awesome hotel! Very clean and comfortable.. . The view we had was the fountain view and was it awesome! Had a great time at the pool area too and large enough for many people! One of the best hotels so far
I love their water show. I'm super sad when I come to Vegas and miss this...but this year I was able to watch it four times back to back coz it was on every 15 minutes. I was a happy girl!. Hotel rooms are pretty and clean...well, for the price it better be, right?! (much smaller than what you can get from another hotel though) But....It was worth trying them out and seeing what the fuss is all about...hehehe. Pool is awesome...they also have classes like Kick boxing while your in the pool on the weekends. . It is pricey but if you can afford it...why the hell not?!
Loving the penthouse suite!
We stayed here in 2009 for our honeymoon. Our room was a lagoon view suite and it was a real treat. . . I've been back to Vegas and stayed many other places, but I have to say Bellagio is my favorite hotel/casino. I love the ambiance an color of the casino floor. The restaurants are excellent (Circo, Prime are my favorites) and it just feels timelessly classic. I know Wynn and Encore are newer and now there's the Cosmopolitan and others, but I think Bellagio will stand the test of time.
This is my absolute favorite Vegas hotel. Not only is it in an amazing location, it's stunning! This luxurious hotel is a masterpiece from the second you walk in the door, whether it's the main lobby with the beautiful glass flowers on the ceiling leading to the ever-changing atrium/conservatory or the world-class dining and shopping. The staff are very nice. Everything about this hotel is stunning!
This is probably one of the few hotels I have to visit every time I'm in Vegas.  It's not just a beautiful place to stay in (I love the suites that face the Strip), but simply walking through the hotel is an adventure in and of itself.  Every few months or so, they change the decorations in their botanical garden to match the theme of an upcoming holiday or season.  It's always magnificently and artfully displayed, so make sure you bring your camera!  Sometimes, they may even have a little bird or butterfly exhibit (I think this occurs during the Spring time).  I also love the glass blown flowers on the ceiling of the lobby.  It is definitely worth seeing!. . There are also beautiful couture shops and boutiques.  Bellagio has a great selection for those high end shoppers :). . If you're looking for a great show, catch O - a Cirque du Soleil show with a water theme.  Breathtaking acrobatics and costumes.. love it!. . Last but not least, the Bellagio has a beautiful water show.  I think it comes on every half hour, and it takes place right in the Bellagio fountain.  If you have a room that faces the Strip, you are in luck!  If not, don't sweat!  You can get front row views right on the Strip!  The water moves with the music, and when it crescendos, you can hear the thundering of the water.  It's truly a spectacular to see.  Check it out!
My wife and I lived in Las Vegas for several years and we were captivated by the Bellagio hotel and casino. It's charm and elegance are unrivaled and the accommodations are among the most comfortable and finest we've seen. When we are visiting Las Vegas, this is where we choose to stay. A truly romantic setting.. . Pros: Accommodations, Entertainment, Dining
This review is for the Casino only.  . . Five stars for the two hidden $5 Black Jack tables and all the complimentary Peroni beers one can drink.  Even though I lost I totally won!  . . Travelers Tip:  Look for the $5 dollar Black Jack tables.  There are only two and they are wheelchair accessible so they sit lower than the other gaming tables (which made me wonder, does the Bellagio assume people in wheelchairs have less money?  Oh well it's fine by me!).  . . The first table is located in the front of the Casino, in the first set of table games right behind the very first roulette wheel in the second row away from the main aisle.  The second table  is located in roughly the same area only  in the second table gaming area. Just look for the first roulette wheel in each section and you'll find it.  It took me a while to find them.  I even asked a bartender where they were only to be informed with a laugh, "there are no $5 dollar Black Jack tables at the Bellagio, you're in the wrong place"...he was wrong.  :)  Must be a pretty well kept secret.. . Good luck!
My boyfriend and I stayed here for our anniversary. I was blown away by their attentive customer service. Checking in was a breeze, and at the desk they said they saw the note that it was our anniversary, so we got a free upgrade! In addition, a guy came by with ice right away without us asking (although paranoid me threw it away because I don't know where it's been), and when we left for dinner and came back, robes and chocolates were laid out on the bed for us and everything in the bathroom was arranged neatly. All of the employees greet you sincerely when you cross paths with them. I love the staff here, everyone is so helpful.
Beautiful place to be.. you won't regret it!! =) Everyone will cater to your needs or answer you questions and won't leave you hanging wondering where your going and what not. Pricey, yes.. but so worth it!!
Love this hotel and all its amenities!  A little pricy but worth it for the pool, view of the fountain shows, food and proximity to all things on the Strip.
if i had lots of money and bling and game and was a player, i would stay here. it is so damn awesome. i should say, i am none of the above. all i can really do is walk through here and talk down about how silly it is to stay at such an extravagant place, shopping at such high end shops, when really, if i had the money, i'd probably be one of them. . . i love the gardens and decorations and the fountains out front. the restaurants and shops are extravagant. a couple of halloweens ago, we went to The Bank nightclub here and took out a small loan to buy drinks in the club. i assume that's how the whole hotel is. . . very swank and nice place.
This has got the most beautiful hotel on the strip. Everything here screams opulence. One of those places where I would have to get a second mortgage to stay the weekend. They had a gorgeous fall themed topiary with an anamatronic tree and chasing fountains. WOW!
Love this casino. Elegant, Beautiful, Stunning, a Masterpiece. No matter how many years go by. Bellagio will always be one of the most luxurious hotel & casino in Las Vegas.. . The rooms are amazing. Super clean. The housekeeping even comes in mid day to get your bed ready for night time. Craziness I tell ya.. . The botanical garden always has a new theme every season/holiday. The designs are breath taking.. . The fountain is just super cool. And I've seen it like more than 20 times. But everytime it's nice. Last time we saw it at day time, it had a double rainbow in it. :). . They have so many swimming pools... It's kinda ridiculous.. but awesome at the same time. haha.. . They still have an arcade too! And console game setups. Nice touch.. . I have stayed in many casinos in Las Vegas but Bellagio is still one of my favorites by far. If you can afford to stay here. I highly recommend it. The only casino I like more is the Wynn/Encore.
Saw "O" and was thoroughly entertained.  Got our tickets on line as part of their dinner/drink package and saved money!. . It's always WORTH a special trip to see the water show out front in the fountains and THE FABULOUS seasonal displays in the garden.  They are creative and wonderful.  I've visited at Christmas and again this Fall.  There were giant cornucopia's, horses and a talking tree just to name a few of the highlights.  It's a wonderful family photo opportunity.
This is best suite I've ever had 1500.00 per night oughtta do it.
One of my fave hotels!  It's been around a lil longer than some of the best on the strip, but it's the classiest.  Love love love the ambiance & relaxing feel of the hotel.. . The rooms are awesome!  Pretty big rooms, and the bathrooms are humongous!!  Ther only thing that is weird about the bathroom is, the standing shower is directly in front of the mirror, so you get to watch yourself shower.. a lil weird... . Each time I'm in Vegas, I try visiting the Gardens, it's always beautiful & changes with the seasons.. . Jean Phillipe Patisserie with the largest chocolate fountain always pulls me too!  Mmmmmm.. . Anyways, still one of my faves!
The Bellagio just hit the top of my list for Vegas hotels. Where should I start? The customer service you get here is wonderful. They make their guests feel like royalty. . . Upon check in we were 2 hrs early and like any other hotel they held on to our luggage and were told to come back at 12 for check in. So I go for a quick drink and return at 11 to see if there's any rooms available and there was. We get on the elevator and walk into a gorgeous room with a wonderful view. Before I even finish checking out the whole room I get a knock on the door and there's my luggage. Talk about a great start. Mini bar had a great selection and we also ordered breakfast from the menu and my steak and egg was delicious and it also came with a complimentary newspaper of my choice. . . Then It's off to the gym. They have a midsize fitness room with a great view of the pool area and equipped with enough water, towels and headphones for everyone there. The equipment is up to date and very clean. The gym personnel was very friendly and pointed everything out for us that was in that place.. . The gambling is also great at this place. They have tons of table games with friendly dealers and like everywhere else, buy-ins change accordingly. They have tons of slots and the sports book is also very nice. . . Of course we all know about the fountain show so I won't even get into that.. . I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Vegas who really cares about customer service and great quality when traveling there.
We had a disaster of an experience at a neighboring hotel, and thankfully were re-booked into the Bellagio.  It's spotless, the staff is professional, and very well trained, the room was beautiful and quiet, and we couldn't ask for anything better.  It attracts a slightly older and more civilized crowd, as opposed to the young party scene.  Whatever people like to do in Vegas is fine, but when you come back to your room for peace and quiet (and sleep!), the Bellagio delivered 100%.
I love this hotel and all it's glory. Any place that is willing to spend about $33 billion on their free water found show out front is going to be my favorite place to stand at the top of the hour or every 15 minutes after 7pm. I could watch every single fountain show that is choreographed by computer with randomly picked songs and never get tired of it. I also love walking through the hotel lobby to enjoy the extravagant seasonal displays. If I were rich I would definitely like to stay here too.
The fountain. The shops. The utter beauty of everything. This place is amazing, and one day I hope to stay at the hotel. Just passing through and doing some window shopping, this place seems like one of the most elegant hotels in Vegas.
What a splendid place, great shops, great restaurants, wonderful show, and amazing rooms. Plus that breath taking fountain. *sigh* Good times. =)
I was just here this past week and their holiday decorations are BEAUTIFUL! Their observatory garden area is always changing which makes it so fun because it's never the same. They change it for every season and you just want to take pictures of everything! Though the bad thing is because EVERYONE wants to take pictures it gets crowded. I would recommend going LATE at night so it's empty and you don't need to wait in line or worry about people getting in the way of your picture. It's Vegas after all you don't need to sleep!
By far THE BEST HOTEL in Vegas (according to yours truly)! I just LOVE the Bellagio. My graduation presents (after nursing school) was a trip to Vegas. I always loved the Bellagio (mostly due to the fountains... and of course Oceans 11)... so Daddy surprised me and booked the BF and I at the Bellagio for our 5 day stay! SCORE!!!. . From beginning to end, service was exceptional. Check in was easy. Once we were settled someone called the room to check on us. We ordered a mini roll away fridge which was brought up quickly. Our safe was stuck so someone came up promptly to fix it. Anything and everything we needed was done efficiently. Everyone was so courteous and nice! The hotel itself is breathtaking. The fountains are beautiful. Jean Phillipe Patisserie: largest chocolate fountain and YUMMY gelato! The gallery inside is gorgeous as is the conservatory. We saw "O" which was beyond words. It was magnificent! There are TONS of different gaming options across the floor (albeit a bit pricier than other hotels). The Bellagio buffet is THE BEST BUFFET in Vegas! Quality food!!! Cafe Bellagio is open 24 hours and has THE BEST crab bakes benedict! The pools are beautiful. The rooms are beautiful. The pillows are soft, the blankets are SUPER COMFY! The bath robes are SUPER COMFY! The hot tub is HUGE and DEEP... you could fit 4 people in it! The bathrooms are all marble... I mean the list goes on and on. Oohhhh must say when you walk into the check in/check out area the glass ceiling is just GORGEOUS!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE everything about this hotel!!!. . When I went back with friends... I stayed at 3 hotels in my 6 day trip. Paris first (never again), Venetian next (NEVER EVER again), and the Palazzo (nice, but I prefer the Bellagio).. . Next time... guaranteed... and all future trips with my BF... ONLY STAYING AT THE BELLAGIO! . . Now if I go with my bestie Tasha... her fave is the Wynn... I guess we'll duke it out when that time comes lol...
I don't care which hotel is the best or newest on the strip, Bellagio is my favorite hotel in Vegas! Everything about this place rocks.The hotel, fountains and grounds are lovely. From the marble and glass bathrooms to the atrium filled with millions of live flowers, it was like you just got transported to a mid-summer night fantasy dream.   Lovely hotel though the rooms were a bit smaller than other hotels in this price range. The lights and atmosphere of the show just tells you, YOU ARE IN VEGAS!!. . The casino was pretty nice, but there's way too many people. Great if you're a visitor, not so much if you're actually staying at the hotel. I guess that's to be expected at most places though. . . Bellagio Hotel is among my favorite adult hotel and resort for unlimited access to fun amenities, romance, excitement, entertainment and magnificent world renowned cuisines.
By far the best place to stay in Vegas. Service, accommodations, atmosphere, art, and location are great. These are the nicest suites in Vegas. Many more amenities for the money. Jacuzzi tubs, and even a steam room in the upper-mid range suites. Every detail taken care of. The Spa is second best, but still very nice.. . Second place is the Venetian, which does have a better Spa, and accomodations and service almost equal to the Bellagio. But nothing to compare to the Bellagio Gardens.. . We've stayed at many Vegas hotels. This is the one we go back to.
The fountain show is spectacular at night! You don't have to be a guest here to enjoy that. You don't even have to be staying on the Strip. Just walk by and watch. . . During the holidays, the fantastic floral animal displays inside are totally, absolutely awesome. Bring a camera or two and marvel at the handiwork. Someone really put all those together...too beautiful and cool. We were very impressed. . . If ever in Vegas around the holidays, the Bellagio is a must-see.
Classic. Love this place. . Just driving by. Love this hotel... always think of andrea bocelli's song when i come here...
Famous hotel of course, was a great stay, service was excellent and central on the strip.. . Pool was great, it's not the pool party type but more mature crowd so if you're looking to "people" watch you may be disappointed. . . Concierge was nice enough to give us a connecting room as we had booked 2 rooms, this made things a lot easier for co-ordinating and making sure everyone was whole, as people went missing along the way. . . Super tip: If you let the Bellagio Buffet know you are staying at the Bellagio and you're frequent visitor, etc, then they can either expedite your wait or schedule you to come back a little later. This however takes some guts as you must walk past all the people giving you dirty looks through the VIP line and speak to whoever is in charge and ask for the manager so you can plead your case. In my case I had 10 guys, and they were able to accommodate to come back in 1 hr and they will have our table waiting for us, no problem for us since we had rooms in the Bellagio and we gambled a bit. They get 5 stars for this service, probably saved me hours of wait. . . Taxi lineups are crazy though, also when you book online or whatever, you will be charged an extra 'hotel' surcharge for internet etc which is mandatory.. . In future however I will be trying out Aria, I believe they have specials going on now so it's quite cheap and the rooms are very modern, as opposed to Bellagio, they are the classic feel and somewhat dated.
Great shopping, great atmosphere, Simply one of the best hotels in Vegas.  Always great for people watching!
My husband and I don't go to Vegas to gamble. We go for the shows, food, and for the experience of staying in a themed hotel. This being said, this review is more about the hotel itself rather than the casino part of it. . . This stay was my husband's surprise to me for my birthday in May 2011. I was thrilled we were finally going to be able to stay here and it was everything I had hoped it would be. Starting off, check-in was great. A little bit of a wait, but the desk clerk was efficient and friendly once we got there. We didn't feel as if we were being processed thru a cattle call and as an ex hotel careerist, I was impressed with the process. . . The room was spacious, clean,very classy and yet cozy. I loved the colours - not garish, not over the top, sort of soothing greens, tans and golds, actually. (My picture doesn't do it justice, really) The first sight we saw as we entered the room was the view: Las Vegas Blvd with the Paris across the street. Directly in front: the fountains! YAY! There was a channel on the TV which piped the fountain music in so you could watch the show and hear the music that was playing all without leaving your room. The view is one of the best we've seen in Vegas. Yes, you saw some rooftops of the buildings lining the fountains below, but it was minimal. I love, love, loved this room!. . There is a varied collection of restaurants and shops in the complex. We did lunch one day at Olives. I had the Beef Carpaccio. (even tho' I had no idea what carpaccio was) LOVED it. And we enjoyed High Tea at the Petrossian Bar - what a lovely, relaxing experience! . . All in all, one of my favourite places in Vegas so far... possibly even better than the Venetian for me! Would love to go there again!
This review is for the garden/common area and the casino floor.  They did an outstanding job in the garden area for chinese new years.  You could see how much time and effort they put in with the floral arrangements and it paid off (big crowd gawking and taking pictures). . The casino floor has $1000 minimum blackjack tables and $100 craps tables.  I think the cheapest table I saw was $25 for blackjack.  It's probably meant to keep the riff-raff like myself away.
We received an offer for 2 free nights at the Bellagio.  Being our anniversary and Valentine's, we decided to take them up on their offer.  We've always loved the Bellagio, the grandeur, garden area, restaurants, let's not forget the fountains, mesmerizing, the over all good feeling we get. So, to stay there was a real treat for us.   From the moment we  checked in and checked out was perfect.  Customer service at the registration was so nice and eased us right into our beautiful room.  We were given a choice of the Spa tower for the other one closer to the fountains.  The lady checking us in recommended the spa tower because she said it was quieter and a complete NO SMOKING tower.  We chose the Spa tower.  Our room was very nice.  Amenities to the king size bed made the stay even nicer.  Bathroom was big as was the shower (glass).  . . We dined in Olives (excellent as always), The Prime (stunning and wonderful), the chocolate/pastry/crepe shop (can't remember the name of it), (delightful).  Sat at a few of the bars (great bartenders) So, we did spend our money at the property.  There is something for everyone.. . Also, I made a hair appt.  The lady that styled my hair and did a bit of a trim was a n excellent hair dresser besides being a lot of fun to talk to.  I told her I wanted to have my make up done but, was told by the front desk that there were no more appts. available. She made it happen.  Great guy did my make up, air brushed, mascara, and I walked out of the spa feeling very pretty!  Funny thing was I told my husband I had my make up air brushed.  Later that evening he says, "so are you going to you get spray painted again".  I laughed so hard...'no dear, spray paint is for cars, NOT MY FACE!!!" . . The only problem we saw was on the gambling end of it .  You don 't get points playing table games on your player card unless you bet a minimum of $25 per hand.  The minimum for the game I was playing was $10.  I certainly questioned that with the dealer and supervisor and the only response I got from them was "that's the way our system works".  To me it's a rip off!  I gamble, lose money at least give me points!  So, on that note, I stopped playing the table games.  Stayed with the machines, I want my points!. . This trip to Vegas (we make them 2-3 x's a year) was the best one over all so far!  Hope the Bellagio keeps sending us more comp offers on rooms ( hint, hint)   We had a wonderful time at the Bellagio!
If I ever win it big at a casino I'd stay here. This place is so posh and fancy! I don't think I could afford anything here, but they've got some cool stuff. Must check out the water show. It's great during the day and at night. I like the music that they play. Free entertainment, check! Also you should go see the conservatory. They decorated it something different depending on the holiday or season. . . If you get the chance, you should check out the Cirque show "O".
I'm convinced that every other hotel in Vegas has "Bellagio Envy". I don't know if I'd ever consider staying anywhere else, OR not stopping through the Bellagio when I'm passing through Vegas. Such a great hub of activity, shopping, art, pastry, and relaxation.
By far the best hotel in Vegas as far as I'm concerned. They have the best food, best rooms which are suites by the way. Clean, Clean, Clean....That's a huge plus. It's a bit on the pricey side by hey your coming to vegas for a few days and it's was all well worth it. They have a nice water show outside. It's right off the strip and it's easy to go places but why would you when the bellagio has everything you need. They have nice Chineese themed garden. It's a awesome hotel.
They don't let kids in if they're not accompanied by adults. Definitely a place for business. The garden is always decorated nicely-- the last time I went, it was outfitted in the Chinese New Year dragon year theme. The cafe is speedy and has a nice selection of breakfast foods and the buffet is full stocked. The rooms are clean with the classic upscale hotel feel. Watched the "O" performance here in the theater and was very impressed-- minus the smell of chlorine the whole time.. . Pro tip: There are complementary chocolate-covered strawberries in the VIP lounge. For VIP guests only though ;D
One of the best on the strip. Classier than others. If you win it big -- I'd hope it was in the Bellagio. The decor is exciting and the Bellagio buffet is worth the money (and the wait in line). NOTE: I did not stay in a room here, but gambled, drank, and ate.
i LOVED my stay at the bellagio. I loved it even more that my company paid for it. . . My flight landed at like 8am something and check in wasn't until like way later in the afternoon.... but i arrived and asked the girl working at the front desk if there was anything she could do.. . i lucked out! she said i was the first person all morning to be nice to her and she gave me a BEAUTIFUL room. one of my co-workers was also staying at the bellagio and her room was no where near as nice as mine...like totally outdated and not as spacious. she was in the spa towers.  and yes, i definitely rubbed it in her face that my room was 40x better. . . My amazing room had a view of the pool, was super super clean, had all the amenities i could ever ask for, free and FAST wifi, was decorated super cute... it even had my favorite option: curtains controlled by a bedside button. don't you just love that!?! i totally need that in my house. . . i also had some business cards sent to the bellagio business center bc they weren't going to arrive to my office back home in time and they made that go very smoothly for me. . . they had the best pillows too. i called the morning of check out and was like 'do you sell your pillows and if not how much would you bill me if i stole one?' thankfully, they sell them and they are $30 for the king size. concierge will pick one up for you, too.. . i was actually kinda sad to leave. i loved getting ready there in the mornings bc the bathroom counters were super spacious so i could lay out all my stuff and the shower had almost instant hot water...i never got a chance to use the tub but one day i will. one day...
Great Hotel. Love it
I absolutely love this hotel and casino. It is my favorite hotel in the Las Vegas strip. . . The garden its always spectacular and I just went recently to see their new spring display and it blows my mind how astonishing our looks. :)., they even had a harp player playing in the garden and the Serenity of it was a nice touch. . . The fountain show its always a must see and I fall in love with it each time I see the show., its the reason why I love the Bellagio.. . I stay at the bellagio for one night and the room was very classy and trendy.  I wasnt a really big fan of their new decor but since we had a great view of the fountain show made everything worth while.  We ordered room service and the food was okay. The bed is absolutely soft and I just wanted to lay there the entire time! . . i love love love the jean philippe patisserie there they make the best crepe souffles ever.! I always order chocolate souffle with a scoop of Dulce de leche gelato and it is the best dessert I ever had.  . . And lastly,bank nightclub I always have a great time there. . . Overall, I love the bellagio it has such a timeless taste to it and everything is great about this hotel & casino.
Ok, so this is Vegas and if you have to experience the Bellagio at least once.  This hotel is huge and classic.  Definitely one of the finest in Vegas but if you're looking for an intimate experience, then this is not the place.  Bellagio is one of the most famous hotels on the strip so expect TONS of people going in and out of the casino/hotel constantly.  The rooms are quite nice and roomy depending on what you ask for.  Believe it or not, like any of the hotels in Vegas, you can stay here for quite cheap if you go at the right time:  weekday and during the off-seasons.  i went in November and was able to stay here for about 120 a night!  Watching the fountains is always a treats make sure you do that too at least once during your trip, especially at night (it's more dramatic).  of course you don't need to stay at the hotel to do that...just a suggestion.
The Bellagio is perfect in every way for a trip to Las Vegas!....
Stunningly beautiful, you have to check out the Chiluly ceiling!
What can I say, I love the water show. It never gets old. It's nice from a hotel room or on a balcony lake front.. . Also, the choices of dining is great, the high-end shopping is unbeatable, and it's centrally located on the strip.
I really enjoyed myself at the M, but my mother did not care for their lack of a coffee shop or any really great restaurants.  For her birthday she chose the Bellagio (we never ate in the coffee shop), every single restaurant we ate at was very good to outstanding.  I have never been in a Las Vegas resort where every restaurant was so good. It made us want to stay forever!  I really resent their resort fee, but the restaurants made up for it.  Foodies could die happily here. We ate at:  Jasmine-very good, Buffet-very good, Noodles-excellent, Olives-excellent, Picasso-outstanding! Good thing I am using Sensa, or I would have eaten myself into a huge mess! We went in March and they had a gorgeous Spring scene-great pictures to remind us.
I have been here probably around 8 years ago.  They have since updated their guest rooms it seems and the room rates are half what they used to be.  Back in those days, I remember paying around $300 for a room.  . . I was tempted to stay at the newer hotels but wanted to stay here for the pools and it was just as I remembered, grandiose and breathtaking every step of the way.. . The staff at check in was super courteous and welcoming.  The rooms were clean everywhere and smelled how it should, like nothing (I can't stand rooms that have stinky fresheners or smelly fruit like scent).  Going downstairs and having the amazing conservatory as part of your hotel was fun.. . It's still one of the nicest hotels on the strip.
I love the Bellagio.. it sucks they don't have minimum bidding.. but either way Steve did a fantastic job on creating a journey of beautiful italian architecture and real style to his casino.. a must visit or stay at when in Vegas!!!
What can I say about the Bellagio except for the fact that it's the best / my favorite hotel in Vegas? Yeah it's expensive, but the quality of the rooms and service you get are worth the price. Everything about this hotel is gorgeous, from the stupid fountain show to the casino, and the whole place has the aroma of fresh flowers.  The pool is also great.  The location can't be beat either.  I could go on and on about this hotel, but if you can afford it, seriously stay here over stupid Caesars.
We stayed here with our 13yo during his spring break, last week.  The hotel is beautiful but very crowded.  I really liked our room which over looked the fountains.  They are amazing and especially at night, worth the extra amount we spent to get that view.  The bed was very comfortable.  We ate at the buffet for 2 breakfasts and one late lunch/dinner.  It was very good and the staff was friendly and efficient.  I personally didn't care for Vegas but not because of the hotel.  Not impressed with the pool(s) or the paid wi-fi.  I complained, nicely about it, couldn't download a thing or get email (!) and they refunded 2 days out 3, which was unexpected but very much appreciated.  They also let me use their computer to check-in for our flight and print boarding passes for free.  It is in the center of the Strip and the airport is only 10-15 minutes away, so use a cab and not one of those shuttles.  The cab was about 1/2 price in comparison.  We did use the monorail and the 2-day bus pass, which were both good but the bus is probably a better deal in the long run.
The Bellagio has this machine that lets you bet on fake dog races.  Its okay if you need a few minutes to fully process it, I did.. . Okay let me explain, you insert money into a machine that has four stations, then you are given odds for each virtual dog (who has a name and fake little bio) and are asked to place bets on this fictitious race that is about to take place on a large screen in front of you.  . . HOW F'N AWESOME IS THAT?  I'm serious, that was the most exciting game I've played in Vegas EVER!  And I've played War.  We got so into these fake races we were drawing the attention of strangers around us.  I didn't see this game at any other casinos, so if they have it, paint a neon path guiding you to it and put a half-naked chick next to it so people will find it.. . Rest of Bellagio: very elegant, nice, classy, blah, blah, blah VIRTUAL DOG RACING!!!!!!
Sigh. I miss here. I miss the bed. I miss seeing Chanel from the bedroom window. I miss the fountains. Those clever dancing fountains. We watched them for hours, listening to the music through the tv. The pink panther one was so cool! And the last one of our 3 day stay was the US national anthem. Perfect ending. . . So very glad we stayed here on the last leg of our honeymoon. Easiest the best hotel have ever stayed in. Room was divine. Overlooking the fountains. With electric curtains. A marble bathtub. Biggest shower I have ever seen. Softest, comfiest bed ever. And lots of little goodies like mouthwash. sewing kits, chocs on pillows etc. . . The Conservatory is breathtaking. Had to hold back tears as walked around all the fresh flowers and general beauty of it all. See it both at night and in the day.. . Swimming pools and our door area is outstanding. So Italian and classy. Loved and adored. . . Noodle restaurant is great and well priced. Didn't try buffet as line looked way to long at all times but heard good things. . . Hotel is obviously busy as everyone wants to see it. Just go with the crowds, don't let them put you off staying here. . . Loved the via shopping centre too. Sigh.
beautiful hotel, prime location, nice pools and amenities, great nightlife and restaurant options, and awesome casino.. . no complaints here -- can't wait to come back!. . the fountain show is beautiful!
Notre viree a Las Vegas nous a conduit au Bellagio, et le moins que je puisse dire, c'est que j'ai aime ! Malgre tout, dirais-je !. . Je vous arrete tout de suite : bien sur que c'est kitsch a souhait ! . . Mais c'etait le but totalement assume de ce petit trip au Nevada. Nous avions reserve une graaaande chambre, une fois a l'accueil, on nous propose de nous upgrader gratuitement dans une suite dans les etages superieurs de l'hotel. Mais bien sur, avec plaisir ! . . Chambre immense, salon, salle d'eau (avec douche-hammam), salle de bain (avec bain a remouds), trois toilettes (3 ?!), trois (ou 4 ?) teles, 10 coussins et de petits chocolats sur le lit, surabondance de produits de beaute... ? N'en jetez plus ! Le Bellagio, c'est ultra bling-bling. C'est un peu n'importe quoi, mais une fois de temps en temps, qu'est ce que ca fait du bien. Retrouver son lit fait en rentrant du restaurant, voir le soleil se coucher sur les montagnes, dormir au 30eme etage, commander un petit-dejeuner gargantuesque au room service... Je ne fais ca qu'une fois de temps a autres, et quand je le fais, je veux que ce soit parfait ! Et rien a redire, ici, ca l'etait. . . Et que dire de l'hotel en lui meme... Bien sur, la aussi, c'est du grand n'importe quoi. Entre les fontaines (des fontaines lumineuses qui jouent les Beatles ou Sinatra, quoi !), les boutiques, les restaurants, la chapelle, le casino, le Cirque du Soleil, il y a ici une ville (bien kitsch) regroupee dans un hotel. Au debut, ca fait tres peur. On a rigole, on s'est dit que ce n'etait "tellement pas nous", et puis zut, on ne vit qu'une fois, alors on a joue nos 6 dollars chacun au casino, pour rigoler, on en a regagne dix, on a pris des photos debiles dans notre suite, on a devore notre petit dej, on a fait semblant d'etre des riches americains, ou des nouveaux riches bling-bling. Et puis on est reparti, avec plein de souvenirs et plein de fous rires ! Et si c'etait a refaire, on referait tout pareil !
A long over due review and I actually feel guilty about it since the hotel was perfect.  A while back my friends and I decided it was time for a much needed girls only vacation.  After doing some research, I came across a deal for a stay at the Bellagio and airfare that was too good to pass up.  Within 2 days we had decided to take a trip and made the reservations.  When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by a someone who took our bags and we walked up to front desk.  The glass blown flowers are so beautiful and can't be described by words or even by pictures (its the background on my phone).  The flower "garden" too.  So amazing.  We got to watch them replacing some of the flowers and got to have a few roses.  Anyway, back to the topic at hand.  Check in went as smooth as possible.  We were given a room with a great view of the mountains.  They even apologized for not having a room that faced the strip.  We all thought the mountain view was much better anyway.  . The room was nothing short of gorgeous.  We walked in to marble floors and a very large hotel room.  To our left was  one of the nicest bathrooms I have even seen.  A huge bath tub, large stand up shower and a generously sized counter top.  (only problem, glass shower and no separate sink or toilet does make it a little different for 3 girls to share a hotel room and get primped for a night on the town)  The beds were soft and cozy.  The room pretty much catered to your every need.  There were even buttons on the wall to open and close the shades.  . After we settled into the room and played with all the gadgets, we went to investigate.  We wandered the hotel and discovered the gelato shop (a theme in a few of my other reviews) and many of the other places in the hotel.  All amazing and beautiful.  The next day we stayed by the pool, all day.  We went made our way through the conservatory and to the pool.  We got a prime seat by one of the many pools to choose from.  They had free ice water with lemon but we were on vacation and wanted some booze.  The prices were NOT cheap but the amount of booze made it worth every penny.  The drink I loved was something with monkey in the title.  Basically a lot of booze, ice cream, banana, and coconut.  . What really sealed my deal with the hotel was the exceptional customer service.  After our night at the pool, we were ready for a night out.  We had passes the Bank, the club in the Bellagio.  We were told to present them at the front of the line and we get in ahead of everyone and get comp. booze.  When we got to the entrance, there was no organization.  No line, just a mob of people.  I asked someone who worked at the club what we do and he was so rude and quick to brush us off.  We decided to go to margaritaville and had a great time.  The next day we went to the concierge after a day at bootleg canyon.  We explained the situation and, let me tell you, they jumped on that like flies on ......  It was explained that they don't OWN the club but also made it clear that they were, in no way, trying to distance themselves from the issue.  They said something like "We have a give and take with the club.  They rent from us and we will promote the club.  However, if they don't treat our guests with respect, we don't have to give them the business."  Well put!  They went out of their way to make sure we had a good night.  Even before I got back to the room, they had called to let us know what was going to happen that night.  They had contacted Pure nightclub (we had indicated that was where were going that night) and provided us with the number of manager and told us where to go to make sure we were taken care of.  That meant no cover and free booze all night long.  Now that is service!  Top it off, an unexpected visit from room service at 9pm with chocolate covered strawberries in a bowl made of white chocolate.  Amazing touch.. I know this review has gotten a little long and I am trying to not go into every detail of my trip.  I just want to try to put into words how much we enjoyed our stay at the bellagio.  The stores, the restaurants the pool, the flowers, everything.  This hotel made the trip as amazing as it was.
Beautiful hotel. The dancing waters....enough said. Breathtaking
I rate The Bellagio hotel and casino 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, I am also a frequent visitor to the Bellagio and have stayed in the hotel several times. There is so much to see and do in the Bellagio that you'll unlikely leave the hotel during your stay. The hotel has beautiful and modern (recently redecorated) rooms with comfy bedding and a view of the strip. In front of the hotel is the world famous Bellagio Fountains with water fountains dancing to the music. My best tip is to get a room in the original tower which faces the fountains. You listen to the synchronized music on your TV while watching the fountains thru your windows; Wow! The Buffet at Bellagio is simply the best buffet on the entire strip! Fun Casino and high-end shopping are an elevator ride away from your room. Bellagio hosts "O" which is my favorite show from Cirque du Soleil. The highlight of the Bellagio is the Botanical Gardens which present seasonal arrangements. Regardless of where I may be staying in Las Vegas, I will everything make a trip to Bellagio to see the gardens.. . With the opening of City Center just aside from Bellagio, there is now a free tram which shuttles between Monte Carlo, Aria (my favorite hotel on the strip), Crystals Shopping Center, Vdara hotel and Bellagio. There is more to do and see in this small region of the strip that your vacation will have time to complete.
Classy and elegant hotel. The Bellagio is always top-notch. Not the trendiest but always the best service and great service.
After countless trips to Las Vegas and staying from one end of the strip to the other, I managed to stay at the Bellagio for a well-deserved mini vacation with my friends.  It's been roughly 6 years since I last stayed at the Bellagio, and even on the countless past trips, I always find the Bellagio as a landmark of the strip--the water show at night, the intricate architecture, and the amenities that the resort offers--shopping/gaming.  . . My friends and I had long planned for this fun mini-vacation.  It all started out on a Friday afternoon, departing Los Angeles traffic at around 14:00, and somehow managing to arrive at the Bellagio's valet driveway by 19:15, including a  1/2 break in Barstow.  Upon arrival, I was in complete bliss--a friendly and warm welcome as the valet attendant opened up my car, and had the cart ready, to be brought up to the room.  . . Check in couldn't have been any smoother--again, a warm welcome and no problems.  After getting the keys, we headed up to the room.  Well, while I find that security is top notch, with a ground staff making sure that you are a guest of the hotel, heading up to the elevators, I found that the distance from the front desk to the elevators were quite far, but then again, it's like that at every other Vegas hotel. . . Upon arriving to the room, my friends and I were in awe.  We've stayed at high end hotels--don't get me wrong--Venetian, Palazzo, Caesars, PH, you name it, but there's something about the Bellagio that makes you not want to leave the rooms.  The size of the rooms feels a little bigger than some of the other properties, and the bathrooms were gorgeous--oversized with dual vanities, nice large shower--something that you just won't find in a typical Vegas room.  The beds were comfortable, and TV/Mini bar area was quite nice.  We also requested for a mini-fridge (to store beer/booze) and best of all, they threw it in for free!  Most importantly, the room was in perfect condition and super clean--not like my experience at the Luxor--a complete dump!  . . The casino is super awesome there--plus I won big which definitely helped.  The location is the main reason why I chose to stay here--walking distance to both north and south ends of the strip.  There is absolutely no reason to use a car, with the exception of driving up to the outlets.  . . I am the type of traveler that cannot go without a day of exercising--and even though the $25 resort fee is a little steep, it's worth it.  Trust me.  The Bellagio gym is a state of the art gym--you'll find the machines that you'll typically use at your local gym--and not just a few, but there's rows of tread mills--and yoga classes, and much, much more.  Take my word--if you ever stay here, hit the gym!!. . Even though the hotel rates are slightly higher than some of the others, it's worth every penny, and you will not regret it for sure.  You will want to return, as I will be very soon-rooms booked.  It's the hotel that you wouldn't mind living in one--cleanliness, and service at its finest. . . My overall grade:    A+
I love Vegas and love the Bellagio. Best location on the strip, nicest casino (imo), and great service. We checked in at 5.30am and were given the room as booked, with an amazing view (lake view room 28th floor). Well equipped room and large bathroom with separate tub and shower,and the wifi in the guest rooms is fast and connects automatically without going through login each time. Parking garage very near check in and easy access in the morning to bagels at fruit at the cafes. Could really use a Starbucks inside somewhere though! 1000% recommended!
This past Memorial Day Weekend 2012 was my first time staying in Bellagio.. The place is definitely first class. I loved it! We came in Thursday night and ordered room service. My husband had the Ribeye on the menu and he loved it; I had the Filet Mignon and it melts in your mouth! AMAZING FOOD!!! MMMM!!!! :) The room was comfortable and spotless. The bathroom is also great we loved the whole suite. The only bad experience was with the Spa at Bellagio, but I that is a different review. I do not want to spoil my experience on the hotel itself. I can't wait to stay here again!
I stayed here with 3 of my girlfriends back in November. The location is great because it's truly at the center of the strip plus it's close to some of the other great hotels (Caesar's, The Cosmopolitan, Planet Hollywood, etc). Our room was amazing. It was spacious and the bathroom was spectacular! However, the casino was very smoky. I understand though... but the smoking is such a turn off for any nice hotel! . . It was kind of annoying as we would go to the guest elevators, there would be an attendant checking for our room keys. At the time I didn't really understand why. Security reasons?
If you want to spend some money for an amazing hotel in Vegas.....stay at the BELLAGIO!! It's my favorite hotel on the strip and so central to everything.  Every time I walk in to that hotel/casino I feel good! It has this amazing and crisp smell to it that some of the casinos are lacking.  Rooms are beautiful and the restaurant/bar selections are fantastic.  Their pool is lacking some fun compared to some of the other hotels on the strip but it's elegance makes up for it! I love the Bellagio water show at night and the best Cirque de Soliel show "O" is at their hotel!
Everything about our stay at The Bellagio was exceptional from check in to check out. We arrived Sunday evening and were greeted at baggage claim by the limo driver the concierge had pre-arranged. We arrived at the hotel, our luggage was whisked away and we were checked in within minutes. We had booked a Bellagio suite but when we excitedly told everyone we were getting married the next day, we were upgraded to a lakeview suite overlooking the fountains and scored line passes to the cafe and buffet! They even sent us chocolate truffles and all sorts of goodies every night in our room. The view from our suite was amazing and we watched the fountain show every night. Room service was delicious and the service was fast and impeccable. During the days we spent all our time in The Cypress Pool where we truly enjoyed the personalized service and the adults only policy, well worth the $100 cover charge for the two of us. We saw "O" which also exceeded all expectation. That show is not to be missed! The spa is also the nicest I have ever visited, we had a couples massage that left us both totally relaxed and a few days later we both had the floating bliss massage where you lay on a raft in the pool while you get hand and foot work. If you only do one spa treatment do that! We ate at Prime steakhouse, Circo, Cafe Bellagio, The Pool Cafe and The Buffet and not once did we have a bad meal. The gelato place was also amazing and I recommend the little shop across from it for a quick pastry or a sandwich. There is plenty of high end shopping on the casino level and we did not encounter any typical snooty or pushy salespeople. I felt like a total princess the entire time and thoroughly enjoyed my honeymoon. Normally, at the end of vacation I am ready to go home and just sleep in my own bed but both myself and my new husband did not want to leave. We cannot wait to return!
Always so classy.  Always so romantic.  First hotel I stayed at when I visited Las Vegas the first time.  Loved it so much that I came back and got married here =)
Gorgeous! Gorgeous! Gorgeous!. . You have the Fountains of Bellagio upfront. Then you take a nice walk in the breezeway and land at the lobby. You go through the large fantastic revolving doors and your eyes immediately catch the outlandish ceiling presentation. Walk further into Bellagio and you encounter a sort of dreamland. All you can find is color and beauty in this vast garden. A carousel, a waterfall, bumblebees, flowers, grass, etc.. . Classic beauty.
Ahhh Bellagio, you're like AMAZING!. . We got a great room with a view of the fountains and of the Eiffel Tower.. . Check in was excellent, valet is superb and the rooms are beautiful.. . Comfortable beds, flat screens, wireless and huge bathrooms. Housekeeping deserves mad props too, they keep it clean.. . The fountains are well worth seeing.. . We're here for the 4th, I'll update....soon.. . Night 1: Room service wait was from 70 to 90 Minutes. . Tonight (night 2) Room service came in 60 minutes. . Day 2 & 3, The gym and spa are 5 star, if you're ever staying at Bellagio, at least check them out. All ammenities and more, so clean and maintained.. . Day fo: Buffet, shit, it's got everything.....and more, it's too much, it's crazy, it's like who eats that much? We sat there and nibbled for hours, the coffee is delicious. Go hungry and enjoy, then walk 2 hours on the strip, I did.. . Day 5, Saw O for the second time and gambled, lots of fun. The night life in the casino...good fun.. . Morning 6: Loved my stay here, would do it again in a heartbeat!
I have been staying at the Bellagio Hotel for YEARS and I can honestly say that it is by far the best hotel in Las Vegas.  I have stayed at almost all other 4 and 5 star hotels in Las vegas in the past but Bellagio is better than all of them.  It is beautiful, classy and amazing service.  It is located right in the middle of everything so once you Valet your car and check in, you will not need your car again until you are ready to leave.  You can walk everywhere.
The room is very clean. I stayed at the 11th floor. It's called the Lakeview suite.. You could see the beautiful fountain and a lovely view of the strip.
The best hotel I have EVER step foot in! I went here to celebrate my sister's 40th birthday and decided to splurge on the hotel stay.  It was not a disappointment.  It's hard to say if any hotel is worth the price as the Bellagio, but they made sure to help you feel like you were getting your money's worth.  . . It's always the little details that impress me.  The turn down service at night was always on point, after a long day of walking in the 110 degree heat in Vegas.  The chocolate mints next to my bed, were perfect for when I had a sweet craving but was too lazy to get up and search for sweets.  The comfy robe provided was wonderful because I didn't pack my robe since I was pressed for space in my suitcase.  Oh lawd, and the view!! . . Sweet baby, Jesus!! Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains and it is so mesmerizing! I really don't know how my experience could have been better.. . The staff was always so pleasant and helpful and actually acted as if they loved their job! I bet if I worked there, I would have loved my job, also.. . Now, I will let you in on a secret: the Bellagio has 5 pools in the front of the hotel that appear to be private, yet I discovered them by looking out my hotel room.  The staff appears not to know what pools I am talking about but I am NOT crazy and the next time I visit this hotel, I will find these pools and swim in them ALL day long! . . Initially, I was going to give Bellagio 4 stars because I didn't think they had any penny slot machines in their casino, but I found them and hence I shall reward them with 5 stars!!! Ta Daaaaa!!!!
Excellent hotel which lives up to its fabulous reputation.  I just checked out a few hours ago.  The hotel has beatiful rooms, sufficient registration clerks, lovely scenary, excellent maid service  and a wonderful location.  Bellagio also has complimentary  24/7 boarding pass printoff kiosks!
A bunch of friends and I booked the Penthouse suite for memorial day weekend. The room we had was EPIC, although it was at the end of an extremely long, never ending hallway. Let me tell you about our room: we had a living room, dining room, a spacious bar area, and THREE bathrooms, one fit with a STEAM SHOWER. There were TVs in 2 of the bathrooms. Our room was a smoking room, so we could watch tv, use the bathroom, and smoke AT THE SAME TIME. Where in the world are you able to do that besides at this hotel? . . Compared to other hotels, the Bellagio has the best floor plan. Caesar's Palace and the Venetian seem like it was built haphazardly. Like there was an original floor plan but as the hotel became more successful, the managers decided to build extension upon extension, making a maze. Bellagio is very straight forward, and even if you have a terrible sense of direction, there are plenty of signs that will guide you. . . Another thing that's great about this hotel is the location. Across from Planet Hollywood where I can get Fat Tuesdays and Earl of Sandwich, next door to Cosmopolitan for Marquee, and a connecting bridge to Caesar's Palace? That's all I need in Vegas.
The husband surprised me with a visit to Vegas just because. I have loved the Bellagio fountains since the first time I saw them probably 8 years ago. This was the perfect surprise and we had a room facing the waters. The man thought of everything! The furnishing were gorgeous, bedding beautiful and the bathroom was spacious. Check-in took awhile but it was late night in Vegas so what did we expect? Didn't exactly like walking through the casino floor with our luggage to get to the elevators but that was the only way to get to our room. We didn't spend too much time in our room (it is Vegas after all) but when we did, I spent the majority of the time watching the fountains. One recommendation would be to have the music piped through onto one of the tv channels so we could hear the music from our room. We could barely hear a tiny bit of the music as we were on a high floor and I assume the windows are somewhat soundproof. If you want a luxury getaway, don't wait. Get yourself to the Bellagio (or drop tons of hints to your husband so he can take you!).
Great place to stay.  We had a view of the show and it was a fantastic room.  Always very clean, great service, a lot to do.  Of course it is pricey... but we did book with Virgin America vacations... so we got a good deal.  Great pool!
What a wonderful hotel! My boyfriend and I stayed here while in Vegas and had a gorgeous fountain view room on the 28th floor. The nighttime view of the fountain show was spectacular. Our room was one of the newly renovated ones and it was very modern, which didn't really fit with the traditional feel of  the hotel but it was still very nice. . . With the exception of an incredibly rude check-in lady, the staff were all very nice and helpful. The casino is big and lots of fun and the spa in the hotel is absolutely gorgeous and relaxing. We ate at the cafe, Olives, and the buffet within the hotel and they were all fabulous. . . I highly recommend staying here. You can't really ask for a more luxurious experience.
The fountains, the gardens, the buffet, the gambling, what's there not to love about this amazing hotel?
Excellent service, great food.  The server worked very hard for us.  THANK YOU!
One of the older hotels in Las Vegas. However it is still nice. The atmosphere is awesome. Gambling is always a plus but the table games can be expansive. I do love their rooms though. This is a must stop if you visit Vegas because of their Garden. It is beautiful. Also their late night water show is amazing.
Although I've never stayed here, I've visited this hotel each time when I am in Vegas.  I've shopped at their upscale stores, ate at their fancy restaurants, and toured the conservatory (a must for my each trip to Vegas).   . . This hotel is my most favorite one in Vegas, I've never got tired of looking up at the ceiling in the lobby.  Their fountain show is another must see in Vegas,  so I plan my meal in the vicinity just to enjoy the show.
We spent 4 days here and had a wonderful time.the staff were friendly wand we didn't want for anything.Will defiantly return,just marvelous.
What is there to say?  This is THE place to stay.  The room was immaculate (we had a lakeside view room on a high floor), the staff was very friendly and everyone seemed to go out of their way to make sure you were happy.   We are definitely glad we stayed here and plan on doing so on our next trip.  . . The Bellagio is the gold standard.
Bellagio is a wonderful hotel/casino/buffet. I have never stayed in the Bellagio but their garden and buffet are the bomb. They have a wide variety of food/desserts. Bellagio is the perfect place to go when you are very hungry. Their prices are kind of pricey  but you get a lot out of what you pay for. I recommend going here.
The Bellagio, to me and my husband, is like taking a vacation in paradise.. . We stayed here twice and I can't think of a single bad thing about it.. The hotel rooms were very clean, classy, and elegant.. Last time we stayed here we had the best bed we ever slept in.. The mattress is fabulous. You just get in there and fall asleep right away.. . The casino is also admirable. The drinks are great and the best pina colada I have ever had was at the Bellagio.. . Then there is the buffet at the Bellagio. It is like a paradise buffet.. EVERYTHING I ate there was delicious. . My favorite was the Eggs Benedict at the breakfast buffet, and the apple strudel dessert for the lunch buffet, and of course the steak, which is tender, full of flavors and like melting in your mouth. But actually everything was so delicious.. I never ate so much and so good. . . The whole experience at the Bellagio was beyond exceptional.
Bellagio is not just a hotel, it's an experience. From the overused cliches, movie references and the dancing fountains. Staying at Bellagio is simply sensory overload, . It is truly a destination within itself. Let's start from the beginning... shall we ? . First and foremost and in true contradiction with my opening statement, Bellagio is a hotel. But not just an ordinary hotel, where come to close your eyes in a run of the mill room at night, or during the day for that matter. After all, this is Vegas Baby !. Deservedly awarded 5 Diamonds by AAA, Bellagio basks in the light of true luxury. The key to attaining such a prestigious award, basically lies in the details, and herein lies the devil. You see; Luxury is not a temporary state, but rather a consistent delivery of outstanding service, consistent being the key word here. You can expect excellence at all levels.. As for the experience and sensory overload, it is quite simple. For starters, you are hard press to walk around the public areas of this hotel and not encounter different forms of art that will no doubt stimulate your senses. From Dale Chihuly to the chocolate fountain at Jean Philippe Chocolates and Pastries.  I mean, where else in the world can you see an great display of water choreography in sync with the tunes of Andrea Bocelli. You got it ! Only in front of Bellagio, at the fountain.. Walking through the Casino, is priceless entertainment, and, given the fact that is just my personal opinion, there is no room for bruised egos, or offended souls, unless of course, if the shoe fits. Touring the Casino, watching all these dead behind the eyes beings, hoping beyond hope, or simply paying way too much money for a meaningless experience, is whatamounts to nothing less than a free show.. Not being a sun worshiper, unless I am sailing atop a windsurfer, I really can't say much for the pool. Yes, I people watched at the pool. Yes, I had drinks by the pool and yes, it was all good and that's all I have to say about that.. Go ahead, tour the shops, if you have the means, I strongly suggest you acquire a piece from Hermes, it is good for the soul.. To be fair, each and every dining place in Bellagio deserves it's own review and therefore, they will not be bunched here, but suffice you to know that they are there, and they are all not just good, but rather, very good!. Don't be sidetracked by short vision during your stay at Bellagio, open your senses, and open your mind and you will be guaranteed an experience of a lifetime.. If you are at all considering a trip to Vegas, consider Bellagio and please make sure that you are somewhat sober for at least enough time to enjoy your surroundings.
Very Very Very Beautiful Hotel on the Strip. I rarely go to Vegas, but when i do, i make sure to go to the Bellagio, to check out the Flower Display. I have yet to stay at the Bellagio since it's so EXPENSIVE, but i can understand, a Fountain Musical in the Front, and a Topiary inside. No Casino except the Mirage is a beautiful scenery wise on the strip
Excellent location, perfect room- a little bit of a wait during check-in but that doesn't stop me from giving 5 stars. It feels like a city of its own.. Customer service was awesome too, this is by far the best place I have ever stayed at. It is expensive, but worth every penny if you are wanting to splurge. I can't wait to be back.. . ( I will write a seperate review for their buffet, which was definitely not 5 stars)
Excellent proximity on the strip to everything else. hotel is beautiful and staff is caring.. . How exactly do I describe my weekend here?. 1. Roll up in Taxi to Bellagio.. 2. Go to private check in counter for suites (If you booked a suite, there is a private check in room with pastries, drinks and  other awesome treats).. 3. Check in and roll up to my Penthouse suite.. 4. eat, gamble, drink, watch tv & sleep.. 5. wake up in the morning hungover. opens curtains with remote and seeing the Vegas Eiffel Tower in front of you not missing a single angle.. 6. check out & go home and be sad to go back to a regular size bedroom :(. . Be sure to check out the Bellagio Cafe and the other fine dining restaurants (PICASSO). Skip the buffet as quality has declined over the years.. . casino dealers here are filled with stories about Antoine Walker, Shaq, Justin Timberlake and other celebrities. they are quite amusing.
After checking out from the Trump Tower, I continue my trip by booking Bellagio. At the Bellagio my phone works well with no problem. All the staffs were so helpful. I ordered a movie in my room and had problems with the TV, they sent someone to the room within 5 minutes. . . A great centralized hotel on the strip.  I've stayed here many times and never do I ever have a complaint about anything whatever so ever. Their pool area is big and clean. I had no problem finding a chair nor a waitress. They even have their staffs walking around booking massages, which I had one and was so relaxing. If you're hungry there's plenty of restaurants to choose from and shopping within walking distance.
Spent opening day for 2012 NFL season here in the sportsbook. Great setup with large TVs and great cocktail service. Probably spoiled me for my hometown sports bar.
Recently spent my honeymoon there and have nothing but great things to say about the Bellagio. First, suite was ready for check-in at 11am. Major plus right there. Second, everything about this hotel is just absolutely beautiful. We stayed in a corner Saloon suite (wished it would have overlooked the pool or fountains but the view of the mountains is beautiful.. . Spent a lot of times at the pools and the sports book, waitresses and staff were extremely friendly and helpful suggesting places to go outside of the Bellagio. Pretty much the perfect hotel experience from check-in to checkout.
It doesn't get much better than the Bellagio in Vegas.  I go here every time I visit just to walk around inside.  It is beautiful and the glass artwork is worth the view alone.  They have their seasonal indoor garden which is stunning.  The fountain show in the front lake is a must-see for anyone new to Vegas.  I REALLY love this place.  "O" is here and it is one of the best shows on the strip.  I am pretty sure it is gone now but there was a priceless artwork collection there a while back that was worth the price of entry just to see some originals from famous artists.
I have nothing negative to say about the Bellagio.
I usually keep my hotel reviews on Trip Advisor, but I love Bellagio so much, I'll put one here, too.. . My wife and I have stayed here four times, and it's our favorite place in Vegas by far.  Location-wise, it couldn't be better.  It has easily the best outdoor show on the Strip.  I've probably seen the fountain show 200 times and it never gets old.  The complexity is astounding; just when you think you've seen everything the fountains can do, they surprise you with something new.  Booking a lakeview room is well worth the extra money they charge.. . I've stayed in some pretty nice hotels in my years, but this is the only five-diamond one, and the difference is evident.  Notably, when you pass a maid or bellhop in the hallway, they always greet you with a smile and a "good morning" or "good evening."  This is unspeakably rare.  The hotel, despite being "old" in Vegas years, is beautiful, from the Chihuly in the lobby, to the ever-changing conservatory, and even the back hallways that only convention-goers see.  The casino is spacious and comfortable, and every corner of the premises exudes class.. . The pool is the best part about Bellagio.  It's absolutely beautiful.  In four visits, I've never seen it over-crowded.  It's always clean, peaceful and quiet, with piped-in music softly setting the mood.  There's greenery everywhere.  The hot tubs are massive.  You're handed two big, fluffy towels as you enter.  My wife and I have spent practically every morning we've stayed at the Bellagio in the pool, probably to the chagrin of the bookmakers.. . The rooms aren't spectacular, but the beds are very comfortable, there are enough TV channels, and the glassed-in showers are neat.  My wife loves the deep soaking tub.  . . Most of the one-star reviews here are complaining about customer service, but I don't think I've ever had better.  During our last visit, just a few weeks ago, we were placed on the 9th floor.  We wanted a higher room, so we called and were told there were none available, but we could move up the next night.  That's exactly what happened, and we were placed on the 28th floor, which I believe is the highest non-suite floor.  Through all of this, we were treated with the utmost respect and courtesy, rather than the thinly veiled disdain you often get when asking for special requests in some businesses.  The hotel also refunded our money without argument after a pool waitress brought us the wrong drinks, and when I had a problem printing my boarding passes in the lobby, someone helpfully took over and did it for me.  Those are just a few examples of how Bellagio makes regular folk like me feel like kings.. . Did I mention the smell?  From the moment you step into Bellagio from the parking garage, you'll notice a heavenly aroma.  Not sure what it is or how they perfume the entire hotel, but it smells great, and certainly brings back good memories each time I encounter it at the beginning of a vacation.. . If I had one wish, it's that Bellagio had a food court where you could get a less-expensive meal.  The best option now is the small restaurant called Snacks, which has sandwiches and the like; it's really good but not at all cheap.  There's also a fine coffee shop and a gelato shop; other than that, the rest of the restaurants are upscale and pricey, many with suit-jacket requirements.  I understand they want to keep up the ambiance, though, and it's no big deal to cross the street for a burger.. . I doubt my wife and I will ever stay anywhere else in Vegas.  I've heard great things about some of the newer hotels, but Bellagio is "our place."
the fountain at night is a must see!!!my mank (aka my girl) really  enjoyed it.
This hotel is still 5 stars in quality, service and the ambiance of the resort. . I've stayed here three times and enjoyed everytime!. Valet: The valet are always on the top of everything and the bell hop are very friendly and asks if we had anything fragile in our bags that he should be extra careful and that made feel my stuff was taken care of.. . Front Desk: Welcome back to the Bellagio Mr. ".....". I always feel welcome abd the staff always address the guest by Mr. or Mrs. which is very professional. The lines to check in could be more organized by having velvet ropes to guide the guests. It's was nice to view the courtyard behind the check in desk while waiting to be checked in and the hand blown flower sculptures on the ceiling was very welcoming while listening to piano at the Petrossian Bar.. . My room was recently renovated except for the bathroom which still has the original fixtures and decor. The room was very clean and has a flat screen tv with the mini bar and armoire. They have charging station in the the office desk for your laptop, cell, and ipad. WiFi here included in the resort fee is very FAST compared to the Mirage.The security in the elevator lobby makes you feel safe and secure because they do room key checks on every guest that walks past them and take it seriously. Next to the elevators is the Tutu store open 24/7 for you basic necessities but food and water is very overpriced but that's Vegas for you.. . Casino is still the same and remains classy and elegant. Restaurants here are very expensive except for the snack bars, the pool area is a must see with the waterfalls,gardens and mosaics laid our around the pool complex makes it very relaxing. The clientele here is very classy and not your college frat type of crowd. Housekeeping here was excellent especially the turn down service which was a nice touch especially coming home late with everything stocked, clean and the signature Bellagio mints on your bedside table. Not even the Wynn has turndown service!. . I would come back and stay in Bellagio again despite being an older hotel, it still holds up to being 5 stars compared to Caesars Palace which claim to be 5 but to me are just 4 stars.
Absolutely gorgeous place.
Where do I begin? My recent stay at the Bellagio was phenomenal! My fiance and I were so excited to be in Vegas for the first time, and to be staying at the Bellagio was like the cherry on top. When you first walk in, you immediately see the breathtaking glass ceiling full of colors. Our room was on the 30th floor with an unbelievable view of the Fountains. We walked in just as they were starting to go off the first night we arrived. Throughout our trip, we were well taken care of and housekeeping always stopped in once or twice a day to refill anything we were missing or to fluff our pillows again. My fiance had met 2 of the Executive Hosts through his work back in Chicago and they were also very attentive in making sure we were enjoying ourselves during our stay. The hotel is packed full of restaurants and shops, so there's almost no reason to leave (except to explore the rest of the strip)! The Botanical Garden was just set up for fall and it was really neat to walk through andsee the pumpkins made of mums and the talking tree. I could go on and on and on about how amazing the trip was, but it's something you have to see for yourself. My fiance and I are excited to go back again and we will be returning to the Bellagio for many trips to come.
What another great stay at the Bellagio!  I stayed here the third weekend of August with three of my best friends for a send off before one of my buddies from college headed off for the Navy.  Although I've stayed all along the Vegas strips on my frequent trips, I stayed at the Bellagio the very first time in March of 2012, and based on my first experience, there was no way I was going to pick another hotel to stay in August.. . The service was second to none--valet service, bell desk was phenomenal.  Check-in was fast, despite the lobby being slightly crowded. I had originally booked the basic room, though the resort was busy, and the check in rep was able to give me an upgraded room, overlooking the gorgeous pool.  . . The room was again, in excellent shape.  Big rooms, clean, and somewhat close to the elevators (my preference).  . . Service is all about the Bellagio.  My friends and I were ridiculously drunk, and yet, they met our expectations when it came to room service.  No mistakes, like I've had gone thru with some of the other hotels.  . . Let me also point out--so my friends and I were getting really drunk before we had plans for the night, and so after taking like 5 shots or so of Gentleman's Jack, we were slightly late in getting to dinner at Paris--Mon Ami Gabi.  The concierge called the restaurant immediately, and didn't have to worry about being late.  Honestly, it's the little things, esp with service, that makes a big difference when staying in a 5-star hotel, like the Bellagio. . . Their casino flooris pretty nice--classy Vegas looks all around, and the staff on the gaming floor is once again, amazing!   Prompt service--had won a small jackpot, but really didn't have to wait too long for them to bring the forms out to me.. . The pool is to die for!  Well, to me, it's pretty nice--three or four different pools, quick service once again, and oh yeah, did I mention, cute girls too! hah  Although it was slightly crowded, didn't have any trouble finding chairs--plenty of space.. . Whenever I return to Vegas, Bellagio will be the hotel I'll be staying at.  Although I am interested in staying at other resorts, such as the Cosmopolitan, Wynn, or Palazzo, I am forever grateful for the effort and high-quality service that the staff provides me.  Again, it's a big A+ in my book!
What am I gonna say..... IT'S THE BELLAGIO MAN!!!. . This place is swank, glitz, glamour, amazement up the wazoo!!!  If you've never been here, obvious recommendations are to watch the Fountain Show (every 15 min in the evening, every 30 min during the day), check out the garden near the lobby check-in (changes seasonally, so if you go on a slow time of the year, chances are they're changing it then), and the poker room.  . . Bellagio has NICE rooms.  Very plush, yet firm beds.  Pool is "simple" for Vegas standards.  There are several.  Nothing overly unique.. . I recommend checking out the poker room (lots of the high limit pro's you see on TV play here), the sports book is pretty awesome, and watch "O" if it's available and not sold out.  Weekend seafood buffet is good, but pricey (like $38/person)
The best hotel ever! And I spend half my life at hotels...
Love the rooms here, beautifully appointed rooms with great view.  Prime is very good, with so many high end shops in the hotel you never have to go outside... Well the fountain show is better viewed at night so it is recommended to go out for that at least.
When I first heard the idea my bf wanted us to go Vegas, I immediately thought we were probably gonna be staying in Hawai'i's other downtown...Downtown Las Vegas. I would have totally been fine with that. I've never been to Vegas before, so what did I have to lose, right (well except for my life savings at the penny slots)?! . . Well to my gosh darn surprise, he tells me nonchalantly, "yay, Russ booked us at Bellagio." . . Well hot damn. That sounds mighty nice. And indeed it was very nice. When we arrived in Vegas at 6 am Saturday morning, our room was already prechecked in the day before so we could take a much needed nap and shower as soon as we passed the massive casino floor. . . We stayed in the main tower, deluxe suite. It had such nice appointments thought out that I honestly did not want to leave. But since it was around 45 outside, I wanted to soak up some winter chill while I was here. Khai and I really liked the jacuzzi bath tub and all the bath products associated with it. They really left nothing to chance. There was even a razor and shave gel for me in there. . . I think the best feature of the whole room, besides the automatic curtains, was the bed. definitely one of the best I've slept on. I should've checked what brand it was since I may be in the market for a new bed myself. . . Although we didn't have a view of the fountains, we had a nice view of Caesars from one side of our room and the Palms out the other. Those fountains are loud anyways and I probably would've been up all night watching them in awe. . . I enjoyed my stay here and would recommend it to anyone who is probably going to spend more time in the room than in the casino, which was particularly ashey. I Think I lost and gained about $100 playing the slots here. It was fun, but I'm definitely not a gambler. Especially being unemployed and all!
The water show and the Christmas courtyard display of characters made out of flowers makes it magical.
This was the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in in my life! Granted it was my bachelorette party and my MOH decided it would be fun to get the penthouse suite overlooking the strip!. Our room was in the center of the Bellagio, so when you first walked in you were blown away with a wall to wall window showcasing the strip and the fountains. There were 3 1/2 bathrooms, 3 beds, a sauna, a huge jetted tub, walk in closets, a wet bar, built in speaker system, living room, dinning room, and amazing service. Let me tell you, this hotel "room" was bigger than my apartment and I am NOT rich by any means so this was quite the treat for me and my girls. . . Other than the room, service was great, all the restaurants we ate at in the hotel were great, and I really felt like I could just stay at Bellagio and never leave. Usually when I go to Vegas I want to go all over the place, but here everything and anything you would want or want to do was there. If I had the money I would totally do it again!
After living in Las Vegas for 3 years I am always reluctant to go back and spend more time there, however when I am staying at the Bellagio I don't mind so much :). . There are a million reviews for this place so I shall keep it short and sweet.. . My room was beautiful and the attention to detail was outstanding. It is a huge hotel yet room service requests were always fast and the staff were very polite. Lake (Las Vegas Blvd) facing rooms are the best as you can watch the fountains from your own armchair and the music can be tuned in through your television. Amazing mattress and dreamy pillows, I could have slept forever! Fantastic bathroom with deep tub and separate shower which (if your heart desired) could fit about 15 people. Breakfast in bed was a treat and the butter stamped with a 'B' impressed me more than it should have!. . The casino, the pool and the grounds are well maintained and the location of the hotel on the strip is perfect. Just beware there is a lot of walking involved, it's a big place!. . Room Tip: Pay a little extra and get a lake facing room for a front row seat to every fountain show!
One of the best hotels I've ever been too! The best hotel on the Strip - highly recommend!. World-famous fountains in front - don't hesitate to visit :) AND! to stay there more than 1-2 songs because songs are changing all the time :). . Visit Cirque Du Soleil show! #1 from the MUST DO list.
Absolutely gorgeous hotel. Home of the O (so of course it's great, or vice versa). Tons of high end stores inside the hotel (Chanel, Dior, and the like). Great for pictures. Okay slot machines that give and take. Will definitely need to stay here next time!
Amazing,amazing, amazing!. . First time staying at Bellagio and it definitely lives up to expectations.  We arrive around 11 and were able to check in early. This is a definite plus!. . Our room was super neat and clean. The restroom has a shower and an amazing looking bathtub.  Ample closet space, a flat screen, and drawers for storage.. . The best and most unexpected part? The amazing music they play throughout the hotel! 90s pop and r&b, how awesome is that!? Hello NSync, Craig David, and Jesse McCartney :)
Awesome hotel!  When we can afford it, Bellagio is our favorite hotel to stay at in Las Vegas.  Make sure to book a room with a lake view.  It is truly a treat to watch the fountains of Bellagio from your room.  Just tune the tv channel to the music of the water show, and enjoy listening and watching the amazing sight right outside your window.. . The room itself is immaculate, and the bed is very comfortable.  I have absolutely no complaints about the rooms or service here.  Make sure to go swimming because their pools are terrific.  We have even ended up winning during our stays here.  My only complaint is that their buffet should taste better for the price it costs.. . Overall, I highly recommend staying here if it fits within your budget.  They are located at the heart of the strip, and convenient walking distance to other locales.
To be honest at first I didn't want to stay here as it seemed like it might be a bit 'tacky' but after being recommended by a few good friends we decided to book in as part of our US trip for 3 nights.. . How wrong I was! Upon entering the driveway it was just 'wow' all of the way. The reception was massive and they had plenty of staff ready to book you in. The only one downside was that we had to go into a smoking room which did have some smell left to it but was gone in a matter of hours and reception did tell us we could change later that afternoon if it was still bad.. . The room was very spacious and the bathroom was huge. The resort is massive and trust me it will take you some time to explore. The gym had a great setup and has plenty of equipment- no waiting like at the gym back home!. . We gave the buffet a go and just like everyone said it's a must visit. They make just about anything there and have heaps of options to choose from.. . All up well worth the stay and couldn't believe the price compared to other hotels in the USA.. . ps. the blinds in the room operate by a switch - we spent a while trying to force them open haha!
Hard to go wrong with the Bellagio! Our room has a view of the fountain show every 20 minutes. The bellman had our bags here in less than 5 minutes after we called! We can't even figure how he got through the casino that fast! Staff  is well trained and courteous. Everything here is hi quality Nd better than expected. Everything in life should be this good! 5 star all the way!
nothing bad to say about it, just over crowed but thats a compliment because everyone wants to be here. great buffet, good table games min bets are average unlike the aria hotel an casino. cocktail waitress can be seen an flagged down.
I went to Las Vegas July 6 - 8, 2012, and stayed at the Bellagio. This was my very first Vegas trip and let me tell you, the Bellagio exceeded my expectations! The check-in/check-out process was incredibly easy and the staff is very friendly and helpful. We had absolutely no trouble with our luggage - a bellman helped us immediately and took care of our luggage until our room was ready. After we got to the room, it was only 10 minutes until our luggage arrived! . . From the minute you are on the Bellagio property, you can tell that you are in for a special stay. The landscaping, the fountains (AMAZING!), the lobby, the Conservatory ... they're all over-the-top and beautiful. Not to mention the location of the Bellagio is ideal - right in the heart of the Strip and close to many attractions and amazing restaurants! Check out the tram, it's a great way to get to other properties quickly and it's free. . . I'm not a big gambler, but they do have a nice casino that isn't too smokey. Drinks are pricey - $15 for a RedBull/vodka - but that's expected. The Buffet at the Bellagio is amazing, but be ready to wait in a super long line. Luckily we got to bypass the line because a member of our party is an MLife member, but I would think the line was worth the wait. . . The pools are beautiful! Get there early to make sure you get a chair. I liked the pool mostly because people did their own thing, no one was overly obnoxious and it's not a 'party' pool. There are at least 4 different pools to choose from, as well as a hot tub (not necessary!!) and cabanas. . . We had a basic room on the 27th floor and it was beautiful! The linens are exquisite, the bathroom roomy and the views - amazing! The beds are some of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept on. I didn't want to move! They also have a safe in the room, which is very convenient. My only complaint is that the toilet is incredibly loud. I know that sounds silly, but when you flush in the middle of the night or early morning you are sure to wake your friends/family. But, that's a minor complaint. We received fresh clean towels several times each day, the room was very clean and we had plenty of space for the three of us. . . All-in-all, my 2 night stay at the Bellagio was simply amazing. I cannot wait to go back!
Always a great experience here.  The rooms are always great, the bed was ridiculously comfortable, maybe that's the alcohol helping?  But seriously I had a couple good nights of sleep after some serious partying.  . Another great part of staying here is the location, we were comfortable walking to a few other adjoining casinos.  The shops, food, and club in Bellagio could be all I need however.  A one stop place for fun and a great vacation.
I have stayed at the Bellagio on multiple occasions.  This last visit was no different than previous ones and to me, that is a great thing!. . Checking in to the Bellagio is a pain in the butt, it takes forever!  I'm not sure why, but given that it is the only bad part of the visit, I am easily able to look past it.  . . The interior decor is enchanting.  The lobby is always whimsical and the garden area in front of the Bellagio Cafe changes to different creative themes nearly every time I'm there.  I always stay in the Spa Tower, so I can't speak for Casino tower but the rooms are very nice, updated, and the housekeeping staff does a great job making the room spot less day after day.  I also like the turndown service at night, who doesn't like the chocolates that appear in the room, yum!. . The dining options available at this hotel tend to be more upscale, so if you're looking for a more casual location you will probably want to go elsewhere.  I do like the night time bar options, there are many different atmospheres and most people will be able to find one they enjoy.. . I look forward to my next Bellagio trip and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a visit.
I've been coming to Vegas since I was age 4 but this was my first time staying at the Bellagio.. . From the time we checked in, service was first class all the way.  Of course, it didn't hurt that we got bumped to a suite, on the house.. . The suite is what I dream my master bedroom looked like.  The drapes are all automatic.  We had a view overlooking the fountains and there was a T.V. channel set to whatever music the fountain show was playing, so that we could watch in tune.  The bathroom even had a bidet.. . Our trip was magical and customer service was top notch.  The room service is perhaps the fast, speediest room service I have ever experienced.  Within 20 minutes of ordering my food, it was at my door. . . I am now officially a fan!!
Fabulous. I've been here at least ten times and it never ceases to amaze me. The service is great. The food is great. The casino is clean and nice. The rooms are spacious. The location is great. It's always my first choice when it comes to Vegas.
Bellagio is beautiful and has a little something for everyone, from dining to gambling to art and entertainment.
THEY'VE JUST RE-DONE THEIR ROOMS, Y'ALL. . I came out October 2012 for a conference hosted by a firm I used to work for.  I don't know why they re-decorated because I don't remember being unimpressed the first time, I just remember being EXTRA impressed the last time I was there.  I stayed in a regular room but I got to see my boss's suite - I still dream about it.  Separate dining room for 10 or 12, a tiny kitchen devoted to THE BAR: literally, full-size liquor bottles on glass shelves up to the ceiling, huge bedrooms, luxuriously appointed bathrooms, seriously the suite is bigger than my entire apartment.  . . The regular room is gorgeous too. All new, swanky-as-hell interior in lavish colors like royal purple, teal blue and chrome - together.  (I was an interior design maj for 2 semesters in college and I was freaking out by the new decor.). . Their room service is delicious.  I've had all three meals of the day using room service but the one I most recommend is breakfast: the nutella french toast.  I don't care if you are going to the pool that day, you have to do it.  Takes 2 days for your body to figure out what you've eaten anyway, right?. . Have fun, party animals!!
On my first ever visit to Vegas our first night was at the Bellagio.  . . What a wonderful first night in Vegas.  An exceptional hotel from all aspects.  The hotel amenities, the rooms, the fountains, and the conservatory.  A truly wonderful hotel onthe strip.  The room was gorgeous, two queen size beds, a ginormous world class bathroom with a bathtub, separate standing shower, double vanity with sinks, flat screen TV, black out curtains worked by remote control, and not to mention the overpriced mini fridge and snack area for those who don't care about price.. . We didn't end up dining here so I can't speak to that.  We did a little slot gambling that was enjoyable, lots of slot options which is always nice.. . I think next time we go to Vegas I think we're splurging on the Bellagio for the entire trip because honestly one you go Bellagio no other hotel can compare.  . . Bellagio - I think you have ruined me from all other Vegas hotels.  Thanks a lot!
I really like the Bellagio.I loved our room and the fluffy robes and comfy beds.  There is a plethora of places to shop, eat, lounge and of course, gamble.  It is also gorgeous with it's famous glass ceiling, gardens and fountains.  . . What is great about these casinos is that even if you are not staying at the property, anyone can enjoy what they have to offer and the Bellagio is one of my favorite places to go even when I am not sleeping there.  My husband was a fan of their Poker room and it ended up being one of his favorite spots to spend 2 hours and $300.
As I was waiting in line a girl came by and asked if I was checking in and suggested I go to the next line which was shorter. Andrea at front desk checked us in. Friendly and very accomodating as I requested a room near elevator, no problem. Explained everything and asked if there was any other requests. Very easy process.. . Found the elevators pretty fast, easy to navigate around this hotel. You need to show your room key to get access to the elevators. . . About six rooms away from the elevators, not bad considering how looooong the hallway seemed.. . Room was exactly what we asked for, 2 queen beds and non smoking. Nice big bathtub for soaking!. . Check out was easy enough just did it on the tv. Only thing I didn't receive an email copy of the room bill. But everything was okay on the tv so all good.. . We already booked a room again! C ya in April!
This is my second stay at the Bellagio, and my review is the same, it was amazing!! I came for a weekend with my girlfriends, and everything was so wonderful. Accomodating staff, quick and efficient room service, gorgeous rooms, and so much to do! . . The beds were really comfortable, it was extremely spacious, and the bathroom could hold me and 2 other girls all doing our makeup at the same time. . . The Cafe was delicious, as was their restaurant Yellowtail. . . Tried out the Hyde, which was good with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains, but I have to say, the Bank is an overall better experience for dancing. . . The hotel even held onto our luggage so we could look around before heading to the airport!
I've been to Las Vegas countless times, but this was my first time staying at the Bellagio. Rest assured, it won't be my last. The facility itself is simply gorgeous. The location is centralized, within walking distance to many other hotels/shopping/dining. The Staff provided superior treatment to me throughout my stay, which really made me feel like a valued guest. Unfortunately, I was only in Vegas for 2 nights [for a girls' trip/birthday], so I did not have the opportunity to explore the Hotel as I would have liked. My other friends stayed across the street at the Paris Hotel, but I insisted on the Bellagio...and boy, am I glad I did. Every little detail-i.e.,the room, casino, etc.-far exceeded any other premium hotels on the Strip. The Hotel is huge and has many amenities. I look forward to discovering everything it has to offer on my next trip [preferably in the summer, so I can enjoy the luxurious pool area] as I will be certain to book the Bellagio again.
Having stayed at both the Wynn and Encore, Bellagio is ranked below both of these fine 5 Star hotels but I blame the MGM Corporation for reinventing Bellagio from an upscale hotel to just another hip resort. They will never have the vision the same way Steve Wynn did when he built and designed the Bellagio but it will always be famous on the Las Vegas strip.. . My Mom received a deluxe comp room for 3 nights and so we couldn't pass it up and booked right away as a mother and son trip. . . What I like about the Bellagio:. . +Updated rooms. +Center Strip location being close to (Cosmopolitan, Caesars Palace, City Center,                      Planet Hollywood, Flamingo, Ballys, Paris and Mirage). +Crowded casino with lots of action. +Bellagio Fountains. +The Conservatory (Open 24/7). +Connected to Aria and Monte Carlo. +The Buffet. +Excellent Customer Service from all the staff from the valet, bellman, housekeeping, front desk, pool staff and the drink waitresses (Hit or Miss).. +Free and fast wifi included with the comp room. +Architecture, Landscaping and Italian marble flooring all over the property. . . What I dislike about the Bellagio:. . -Hookers all over the casino and lobby but that's in all over the strip hotels. -High priced 24/7 cafe. -The long walk from your hotel room to the strip (15 minutes). . . . Would I stay here again? Yes I definitely would stay here again!
Newer luxury hotels have arrived but Bellagio is still at the top of the list for me. I think that's a testament to how great the place is. I love its central location. The foundations are so beautiful at night. The rooms are pretty nice. And I love the Tuscan theme. The croissants at the cafe are spectacular.
LOVE the Bellagio! I've stayed at the Bellagio more than half a dozen times, and it remains my favorie hotel in LV!  Much better than The Wynn.  Perfect location mid-strip. I love the Spa Tower.  All of the rooms are renovated and beautiful.
We stayed in one of the penthouses and I LOVED LOVED LOVED IT!!!!!! The service was AMAZING!!!! The place was super clean and I felt special staying there. . . The penthouse guests have their own set of elevators, a private lounge with complimentary drinks, wine, coffee and snacks. . . Room service was fantastic and fast!!! Every time I picked up the phone to call a department they greeted me by name and helped me rapidly. . . It was my sister in laws wedding and they even helped me dress up their room and put rose pedals and champagne etc. . . AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!!
Our stay at the Bellagio couldn't have been better. The room was luxurious, modern and clean and we were lucky enough to be facing the fountains. The service throughout the stay was friendly and professional. Also loved that the guest elevators were monitored to ensure those going up were actual guests.  The best part was walking into the lobby and taking a deep breath of the fragrant flowers in the arboretum.. . The only suggestions we could offer to the Bellagio is a better map of the property (the one on the key holder was impossible to read) and a timer on the TV channel with the fountain music so we would know when it would be active next.. . We will absolutely stay at the Bellagio again!
What can you say... Bellagio is a timeless classic on the Las Vegas strip.  With so many dining and entertainment options, Bellagio continues to attract herds of people each day.. . I personally love the scent the conservatory gives off with the fresh flower displays which are changed 5 times a year.  Even as a local watching the fountain show never gets old and they have recently added a couple of new songs to keep things fresh.. . The pool area smells of lilac and has perfectly manicured shrubs along the walkways.  There are several pools and I had not too much of a problem finding chairs on a Sunday afternoon.   . . While this isn't a party property, you'll definitely have a fun, high-class time here!
The Bellagio, like Caesars or the Venetian are the elite on the strip.. They are always my highlight and the light and watershow at the fountains never gets old.. You can see it for free out frontevery half hour on the half or full hour.. It gets full but you still have a great view and nice photo ops.. Inside it is always very well kept, great restaurants, shops and bars, a must see!
Bellagio is our favorite casino on the strip. We have been regulars for over 10 years. The reason, it has a style and elegance that we have not found anywhere else. Unlike many of the strip hotel/casinos, Bellagio caters primarily to adults. The clientele seems to be a bit more discerning as well. The rooms are all nicely appointed and room service is first class. We have tried nearly all of the restaurants, which are a treat, but find ourselves eating in the Bellagio Cafe most often. The entire hotel and casino is extemely well kept, day and night. The conservatory is a beautiful highlight, changing themes with the seasons and holidays. If you have not seen it, we highly recommend stopping by the next time you are in Vegas regardless of where you stay. Can't wait to go back!
We stopped in here to play a little and it is beautiful.  They really pay attention to details - to a tee!  Even the ashtrays were stenciled with their signature "B" - every one of them.. . We mainly wanted to come by to watch the water show outside, at night.  We saw 2 of them.  And they were spectacular!
If you're going to go to Las Vegas when you're pregnant, you owe it to yourself to stay at the Bellagio! This was my 3rd trip to Vegas but my first time at the Bellagio. If I go back, this is where I'll stay.. . When we booked this trip with another couple, I was not pregnant. In fact, at 5 months pregnant and over Labor Day weekend, Las Vegas is the last place I wanted to be...or so I thought. It turned out to be amazing, largely in part due to the Bellagio.. . - Big, nice, rooms - we stayed in the rear of the hotel away from all the chaos. The bathrooms were big and gorgeous. . - So much to look at: Chihuly glass, indoor Botanical gardens, chocolate fountains etc.. - Several large inviting pools to spend the day. . - Poolside breakfast every morning or a cafe to get a croissant and a latte if you prefer. . - A beautiful gym with all of the equipment you could want.. - A gorgeous spa where I got the most incredible prenatal massage.. . We didn't even gamble so I can't really comment on the casino. You could seriously never leave the Bellagio during your entire stay (which I think is their plan) and never get bored.
I'm a Vegas resident and stayed there last year when some friends were in town. We got to check in and were told they had just finished re-doing our floor and that we'd been upgraded to a newer room on the upper floors. The rooms were amazing! Very spacious and really clean bathrooms. It was also great knowing you were the first person to sleep in the new beds and just made our stay extra special! Plus we were able to open the joining door between the rooms which worked perfectly for us. We'll be back when the girls are back in town :) . Also, check out the buffet. The breakfast buffet is even better at the weekends and I took my Dad to the dinner one when he came into town and he loved it too! I have friends here memorial weekend and we'll be back for sure.. Thanks to the staff for always providing a great service!
I have always loved the Bellagio and was fortunate enough to stay here April 2-5 2013. Indeed my entire stay did not disappoint. In fact I love it even more.  My experiences there confirms, this place knows all about excellence. From my first encounter with valet, to the bell hop, front desk, operators, even the floral staff..everyone showed concern, help and was fast and efficient.  No doubt the garden is gorgeous, as well as the rooms and the details such as the bouquets which are real flowers! All of the bouquets. I will definitely stay again at Bellagio. I felt like royalty.
Have you seen the ceiling? There are literally no words for this place. It is incredible, beautiful, and surreal. I miss you, Las Vegas, and I will see you soon.
The Inside Atrium is my favorite and always a destination when I come to Vegas.
I stayed in the hotel while my new apartment was getting ready for our move in and well I was very impressed that the rooms are huge the staff are sweet kind and nice. It feels like home not a hotel. And to top it all its very pretty. It's a lot of hotels in Vegas each is different but I enjoyed my stay and will return as often as I can. Its lots to see and buy I give it five stars total. The stay the Shop its worth it please believe.
We booked a Parlour Suite and was nicely pampered this weekend.  We usually stay at the Signature MGM, but their service has truly gone downhill.. . SO GLAD SIGNATURE SUCKED!!!  I couldn't believe how beautiful the entire hotel was.  You walk in and instead of the stench of smoke, you smell sweet, pretty flowers...all coming from their own botanical conservatory!  They have a greenhouse where pretty little butterflies live. YES, even in Las Vegas, smoke capital of the world!. . The shops are all top class - Hermes-category and our suite had this UNBELIEVABLE view of the Bellagio fountains.  Turn on Channel 22, and you can hear the music which the fountains are dancing to.. . The Suite was HUGE!!  1000+ sf of pure glamour.  Bellagio does NOT skimp on details.  There were 3 bathrooms! 1 - 2 - 3!!!  We put baby in bathroom 2, and our nannys used the 1st bathroom, while my husband, older daughter and me used bathroom 3.. . Our shower had a STEAM function!  So nice to be able to come home after a smoke-induced day in the casinos, and the extreme dry-ness of Vegas, and sit in your own private steam room in your Bellagio Suite overlooking the fountains, with a view of the fake Eiffel Tower.. . The only thing that I need to note is this hotel is NOT child-friendly.  Most children under age 12 are NOT allowed in the restaurants after 7pm, and before 7pm, they STILL have to be at least age 5.  THIS MEANS NO HIGH CHAIRS and NO BABIES.. . We were completely blessed to have been checked in by a woman who has kids - otherwise, I am sure we would have gotten crap treatment.. . Other than the fact that they publicly frown upon children in Vegas, this place really spoiled us.  And the location is awesome - right across from Paris, smack dab middle of the strip.  . . Will stay here again.
I told you I practically lived on the strip last year and the Bellagio was another stop. Personally, after staying in hotels with casinos in them for as long as I did, you kind of shy away from them which is why I plan on going back to Trump on my return.  Anyway the Bellagio is a superior gaming hotel and trust there are some dumps which I will share in later reviews. . . The grounds are are lovely and their are nice places to shop. In Vegas a lot of the hotels are connected to one another via pedestrian bridges and shops and so is this place. Can't say too many bad things about it. When you go make sure you visit the museum. I highly doubt you'll buy anything but it's interesting. When I went I ended up in some filming they were doing have no idea what it was though. Oh well.
Bellagio is well rounded!. . Lots of great restaurants, beautiful fountain show outside, shops, shows, etc.  It definitely should be on every tourist's checklist.. . We came here for Jean Philippe desserts and the Fine Art Gallery.  The desserts were great, and prices were reasonable!  The gallery is a bit small, but I think if the right artist is showing, it will be worth the entry fee.. . Even if it is just the walk through for the scenery, it is worth the stop!
Beautiful rooms! The rooms are very nice and luxurious. The pool is the most elegant I've seen in Vegas. Magnificent atrium with beautiful gardens, and the water show at the entrance is something nice to see! Poker room is a little small.
What a great venue! The staff went over and beyond to make my stay one that I will never forget. Great job Bellagio. I will definitely be back.
Over the top service
I brought my husband here for his birthday ....at check in we were upgraded by one of my dads friends...we had an 18th floor fountain view...the shopping was nice ....better at Cesar's next door....the casino is very smokey ... I have no complaints....I will only stay here in vegas....thanks Mr a Black for EVERYTHING
Classic favorite and after many years, it still is.. . The fountain show and the botanical garden is still one of the top attractions vegas has to offer.  Jean Philipe Chocolate fountain, pool, the glass ornaments at the lobby, Hermes/Gucci/LV/Prada, the large casino, I love it.. . They recently renovated their rooms and I heard it was quite nice.  From what I remember, it was pretty decent before too.. . This is not a modern hotel like Cosmo or Planet Hollywood.  It's more of a classy hotel.
My husband and I go to Vegas a lot and have stayed at most of the resorts on the strip.We stayed at the Bellagio this last weekend for a quick  trip. We booked a regular resort room and to our surprise found that we had been upgraded to a suite for free. The room was beyond expectation and we found ourselves spending more time in the room than the casino. We will definitely be staying with Bellagio from now on.
The club Hyde in the Bellagio is so much fun!  We were able to receive and free table and bottle service which made our Vegas trip very memorable.  The servers here were sweet and very accommodating.  Also, the atmosphere and music played was awesome.
I have been to vegas a handful of times before, but thought I'd splurge this trip and stay in the middle of the strip at a well known hotel.  And let me be honest, the Oceans Eleven movie and fountains had a huge part in me wanting to stay here.  So my mom and I stayed for 6 nights, in a room high up overlooking the fountains.  First off, the view is absolutely amazing.  Watching the fountains anytime I wanted out the window was a major highlight.  The room itself (2 double beds) was nice and clean and well-maintained.  The bathroom had a very nice shower and tub, and was very spacious.  The TV was mounted on the wall, and great to view from both beds.  The hotel cleaning staff was great - they will come in anytime (from afternoon to evening) - which I thought was pretty nice.  Sometimes they would leave chocolate on our bed stand, but not consistently.  Within the hotel, my only complaint was there isn't a Starbucks - but honestly they have a coffee/pastry shop that does the shop in a pinch (just very expensive!!!).  The staff overall is extremely nice and goes out of their way to take care of you.  The casino is kept very clean, and the hotel restaurants are good (ate at the cafe, Prime, and the buffet for breakfast).  I would say this is a hotel for classy adults who don't like the loud/crazy/modern atmospheres of some of the other hotels.. . The only sort of negative (which really isn't even a big deal) is that check in time is late, so if you arrive early you are not going to get into your room anytime soon.  However, they will kindly store your luggage and bring it up to your room promptly.  If you stay here, you are within walking distance of Aria, Cosmopolitan, PH, Caesars, Paris, and probably more - but my mom and I are not walkers (and it was 100 out!) so we taxi'd most places.  This hotel is also nice because you never have to wait for taxi's like at other hotels (there is always one waiting!).  Finally, if you like high-end shopping, it's wonderful to have stores like Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton, etc. in the hotel!  I would stay here again in a heartbeat!
Breathtaking. Just simply magnificent. From the waterworks outside to the gardens inside, this place is just the epitome of classy, elegant, and fancy. I've taken so many photo-shoots here and the place never disappoints. This magical resort is also home to Cirque du Soleil. The most fantastically jaw-dropping performance I've ever seen. Definitely a memorable place to visit when you want to feel like being at a royal paradise.
Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.. . Great selection of restaurants with awesome casino.. . The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.. Great service.. . Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.. I like staying here. . . Don't forget the free fountain show daily.
My usual spot in vegas, they know how to treat there guest plus the location is right in the middle of the strip ****BONUS**** lolz I never have a problem checking in plus i think there spa for men is one of the best
Great place to gamble and stay I enjoy the spa side, excellent wedge salads for lunch and cocktails at night. The bank is convenient if you'd like to take a break from the casino but if you're into gambling it's a good place to start Texas hold 'em can last for gourde if you know what you're doing and black jack is great as well as the crap tables. Cosmo is as food the way and several other if you'd like to change up the pace or the scene. Pool is a great place to hang out after the hangover sets in the next day! Overall I would recommend.
- Between their lobby garden, free fountain show and fancy decore, one of the best places to spend time at on the Strip.  . - Hyde is also a nice lounge to get a drink at with excellent views of the Strip & the fountains.
Incredible hotel. Not cheap but worth every penny. Particularly enjoy the fountain shows, the restaurants, and the Cypress pool.  Will be returning soon for third straight year
I travel to Las Vegas often and always stay at The Bellagio. Top notch customer service, beautiful hotel with a world class arboretum which changes with the seasons. The rooms have recently been updated and the rooms are extremely quiet when you need to sleep. Love the casino and the 24 hour cafe. I have stayed at many hotels in Las Vegas but I always come back to The Bellagio. If you go, check out the Cirque De Soilel show, O,the water show...excellent.
We just returned from celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary at the Bellagio. The staff was attentive and accommodating. We were always greeted by friendly smiles and offers to help. Our room was both beautiful and peaceful with a fantastic view of the fountains. Our vow renewal ceremony was surreal; every detail was perfect.
My friends and I stayed at the Bellagio on a trip to LV earlier this month and we had an AMAZING time. We were at this hotel for 4 days/3 nights (stayed a different hotel night 1, stayed in the grand canyon night 2, and at the bellagio nights 3-5). . . Check in process: We got back from the grand canyon around 1pm, so we stored our luggage while a few of us went to return the rental and the rest gambled. But as soon as we got back from returning the rental, we were able to check in. They have a LOT of people open to help you check in, but they also have a LOT of people checking in, so it took a while. The girl who helped us check in was on the phone when I got up to her counter and she didn't make eye contact or say she would be with me soon, so it was awkward b/c i couldn't figure out if I should just go stand in another line... but once she was off the phone, check in was easy. She did try to lecture me about calling my credit card company to let them know was in vegas -- thanks mom (one card had been put on hold b/c of all the charges)... . . Location: in the middle of the strip so prime location. We loved being central to all the hotels. Nearby hotels include Aria, Cosmopolitan, Paris, and Caesar's.. . Rooms: We had 7 people - 3 girls and 4 guys and booked 2 connecting rooms, each with 2 queen beds. The rooms were extremely spacious, with bathrooms and closet/drawer space large enough for us three girls, and beds and overall space large enough for the guys! We had a gorgeous view of the fountains- didn't have to leave the hotel room to watch the show. You can turn your tv onto a channel that plays the music that everyone else is hearing outside while watching, so it's pretty much like you have a private show! amazing. . . Housekeeping: The hotel itself is always clean! 24/7. The rooms were also kept clean. Our housekeeper was Ingrid and she was amazing, accommodating, and so friendly.She would come by once in the morning and once in the evening (maybe it was someone else in the evening, we were never there) and always did an amazing job. And she left bellagio chocolates every time she was in there (delish, if I saw them first, my friends didn't have a chance in hell at getting any). . Food: (see individual reviews for more details)We ate at John Phillipe Patisserie for breakfast/brunch/snacks a few times and loved it. The quiches, muffins, and sandwiches are good. Chocolate is of course amazing. I had the veg crepe and thought it was ok. We ate at the bellagio cafe for late night food and it was good with pretty good service. The Bellagio brunch buffet was really good, wish it was a champagne brunch tho. The pool cafe was good, nothing extraordinary, though. . . Show: We saw O here and (although strange, we didn't fully understand what was happening), it was amazing! I think all of the cirque the soleil's would be like this, though, but O is the aqua one, so it was unique and the performers are so talented. The theater is clean, employees are friendly and efficient, and we had a great time.. . Casino: Well kept with amazing dealers. Played roulette a little, but played craps a lot. (The guys played a bunch of blackjack, too). The craps tables were a ton of fun. Of course, the players make it fun, but we had amazing dealers too. My favorites were Theresa and Joe. They were friendly, knowledgable, and extremely helpful. We definitely had good luck wheneve they were around., . . Pool: we got a cabana - I'll review this later under Bellagio pools.. . Checkout: effortless, I dropped a piece of paper in a box and got my receipt via email later that day. . . Tips: There are a lot of people who you interact with hourly who provide services and of course, they all expect a tip. So bring lots of cash!.... The one thing I didn't like, is some employees will REMIND you to tip them.... (they did with 2 of my friends a few times). I understand they work off tips, but sometimes what they're doing is not something you ask for and is something so minute that it doesn't really make sense to tip 5 dollars.. . Overall, we had an amazing time and had amazing service. We will definitely be returning to vegas and have talked about staying here again (although we do want to try more of the hotels). But we had such a great experience here, we almost don't want to! Definitely recommend it.
Awesome Buffet.  . . We tried the Ballagio Buffet and the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.   The Bellagio Buffet was the winner, by far.  . . King crab legs, Short Ribs, Prime Rib.... All amazing.   I am still trying to figure out how they make any money.  Plenty of options.
A beautiful place to stay. Quality in everything they have and do. The water fountains show is breathtaking. Words can't describe, it's an amazing place to stay
The best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas so far. I pretty much love everything about it. From the great lobby to the fancy stores and restaurants I'll never go to to the fountain out front to the fact that it's connected to Caesar's Palace. It's even got an Hermes store in it! It's also got a nice pool and this bitchin bakery that I'll review separately. The buffet here is also really really good. Too bad it's not a part of the Buffet of Buffets pass though.. . The rooms itself were really nice, no complaints from me. I also really like the casino floor and the fact that you have to walk through it just to get to the elevators to get to your room. A lot of people might hate the walking but I've always enjoyed it. Overall, I'd recommend staying at the Bellagio to anybody.
Awesome price, came here for our anniversary, got a discount, great room, always clean, inside the hotel is he most amazing bakery and garden.. MUST SEE. Close to everything, watch fountains outside your window. Free parking and great scurity. LOVED IT!!!
beautiful. huge. huge. huge.. . I love the fountain show outside, that was just spectacular and should be a part of everyone's visit in vegas!. . Next time we're in vegas I would like to spend a night here to see what all the hype is, but we loved walking in and getting lost, just checking out the decor and architecture!
When One thinks of Las Vegas, classiness is probably the last thing that comes to mind. However, Bellagio is very classy. Probably one of the most beautiful casinos that I have ever been in. It is an extremely well done hotel in every sense. Despite the massive size of the hotel, the service is on par with much smaller luxury hotels. Still my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.
The room was beautiful.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Everything was easy, and that's what I look for.
The Bellagio and I, we have history.  A long history, winding back many years when my World of Warcraft guild was going to have a meet up there, but the guild split before we ever could get together in real life.  But from that time, I was intrigued by the Bellagio.  I have been to Vegas before but never splurged on the Bellagio, because it is rather pricey.  Then I started worrying that there was no way it could live up to my rather high expectations.. . Fear not!  It really was THAT awesome, and it was worth waiting for.  And now I'm spoiled, and worried that I can never go to Vegas again without staying here, because there's just no way to top this.  . . I followed the advice of a fellow poster and got the fountain-view room.  It was a bit more expensive, but so worth it.  You can listen to the music and see the fountains from the comfort of your own room, and then post pics on Facebook and make all your friends super jealous.. . The room looked like it had been recently renovated.  Big screen TV, tons of outlets to plug in all of the essential geek devices.  Modern and comfortable decor.. . Oh, and the bathroom.  I must dedicate a paragraph to this.  Spacious stand up shower, and a bath tub.   I didn't want to get out, it was perfect for soaking my sore legs from all the walking.  I want to redo my bathroom at home now!. . We went to a couple of the restaurants.  Olives was amazing.  Get a seat on the patio and you can have a front row seat to the fountains (I couldn't get enough of them).  You may get a little wet though depending on how the wind is blowing.  There's also a 24 hour convenience store type place right by the elevators.. . The pools were nice.  A bit crowded, but this was EDC weekend.  I like that there are fountains in the pool, so I could play in those as well.. . There's a beautiful botanical garden and tons of high-end shopping if that's your thing.. . The staff was all very attentive.  Check in and check out were very quick and easy.  Seems that there's always a free taxi waiting at the front, we had no wait at all.. . Overall this was an excellent experience.  I am most relieved that the little fairy tale that started in 2006 played out so beautifully.  It's going to be hard to top!
Me and my buddy got two separate suites both identical but different floors. The entrance to our room was very nice as well as the view! Blinds go up and down with a switch. 3 bathrooms in the room. The shower has a steam room built into it too! Swag . . Nonetheless I enjoyed my stay and they also have a Hermes store where I bought my belt. The casino was cool even though I got cracked
Our favorite place to stay in Vegas!  It may not be the newest property, but the rooms are updated frequently, everything is clean and the clientele is classy.  It is very relaxing once you get past all the tourists in the lobby and atrium.  We have enjoyed a lot of pool time and many meals at Olives.  We prefer the Wynn buffet but this one is still pretty good.  The fountains are still impressive and a must see in Vegas.
Loved it.. . I came here for a work conference that was being held at the Bellagio and got to stay there.  Man, it really earns it reputation.. . Since work paid for the stay, I can't really comment too much on price but I can say, yes, it's expensive BUT if I had paid, I wouldn't have regretted it at all.. . Service promptness and friendliness is top notch.  Based on previous stays on the strip, Bellagio service blows any of the other resorts out of the water.  The food quality is excellent and everything is kept very clean.  It will be very difficult coming back to Vegas and staying anywhere else - Bellagio is hard to beat.
Our first trip to Vegas, but after walking up and down the strip, we were glad we picked the Bellagio.  We liked that's it's right in the middle of the strip.  We were on the 26th floor with a great view of the fountains and the Paris hotel. I would stay there again just for the awesome view.  The room was spacious and quiet.  There are numerous pools, so we always found an open spot.  Went to the breakfast buffet and it was awesome, anything you could possibly want.
5 stars across the board. If you can't be satisfied here then you may be to picky.  Staffis outstanding, rooms are clean/updated, and you can actually stay at reasonable rates if you have a little patience.  Not good for kids.
Ok, I must start this review with a question; How the devil did I go this long without reviewing one of the premier joints in Las Vegas? (all answers are quite welcome). This is one of the swankiest places on the famous Las Vegas Strip. So let me start with this, most places after ten years or without a major renovation look dingy and decrepit. Not so with the Bellagio, this place always looks tops o the pops. Don't be intimidated by they seemingly snobby exterior, come on in and bask in the class act that is the Bellagio! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Gorgeous architecture and simply beautiful ellegance at the Bellagio!! :)
Had a fountain premier room and definitely worth it! Loved watching the fountains during the day and at night. The room was exceptionally clean and well decorated. My favorite hotel to stay in Vegas. The only negative that comes to mind is the checking in process. The lines were extremely long and very slow to check in.
When I come to Vegas this is the place I want to stay.  Been here several times and love it.
It has been almost a year since our last stay at the Bellagio, and in my opinion, things have gotten even better. Perhaps it is the newer competition that has driven Bellagio to step up its game.. . My newest favorite at Bellagio (and it's really not that new, just new to me) is the VIP Cypress Lounge at the pool area. Drop $75 a person, per day, and you get the most comfortable lounger, freebies like mini cups of virgin smoothies, cool cucumbers, and tasty orange sections. More importantly, you get personalized attention when you want it. Service is with a big friendly smile. The patrons there seemed less inclined to show off their bodies and tans, and were a more mellow crowd than the groups fighting over lounge chairs and umbrellas, drinking carelessly, shouting and causing a ruckus. It was so relaxing. This is the only way to do a pool day at the Bellagio!. . Another thing I noticed was the abundance of drink attendants throughout the casino. They were actually more personable than ever before. No waiting to flag someone down, having to spend more time at a slot machine because you're tied to it waiting for the server to bring your drink order. . . One of the major standouts to us was that we ate at fewer Bellagio restaurants this time and tried a couple of sister restaurants to Bellagio's greatest Yellowtail (Japanese) and Picasso (French). We ate at the recently opened Kumi (Japanese) at Mandalay Bay and Julian Serrano (Spanish Tapas) at Aria. They were a disappointment, to say the least, compared to their Bellagio outposts. Bellagio definitely scores way ahead of the other MGM properties in the restaurant department. . . As an aside, the new alliance between MGM/M Life and Hyatt is a real bonus now. If you are a member of both frequent guest programs, you can earn points and stays which is a real plus for us Hyatt die-hards. Stay and spend money at Bellagio (or any other MGM Las Vegas property with a few exclusions) and you can earn Hyatt Gold Passport points and stay credits. Finally, a quasi-Hyatt presence in Las Vegas!  Just gives us more reason to head back to the Bellagio!
This placed is designed for the people that demand perfection.  I have stayed here once before but I myself am a little too dirty to enjoy the high class atmosphere this establishment provides.
I'd say one of the absolute greats in Las Vegas!
This past weekend I came from California to Vegas to visit friends with the missus. We've stayed all over the strip on many occasions, some earlier this summer, and this was a first for us at the Bellagio. This place is Awesome! one of my already  favorite areas of the entire strip is the fountain show on the strip, and  one of my new favorite spots, and  most memorable on this trip,  was walking through the garden near the concierge desk. It is my understanding that this large floral display changes with the seasons and I quite liked summer. The best day consisted of spending much of the heat of the day at the pool. We then, like our last visit, contacted Secilee at vegasdrybar.com to come to our room to do my wife's hair and makeup. Cheap, and I don't have to get up ;-) Later we dined at the Bellagio Buffet and had the Gourmet dinner. We ended the night by going for a few drinks at The Bank. My wife especially liked the club. She proceeded to dance all night with her friends. I like coming to Vegas for the affordability, convenient drive from Socal, and the options on the strip. I try to stay somewhere different every time I come back, but I will highly consider making the Bellagio the only hotel I've ever stayed at twice!
Love Love this place! The rooms are spacious, updated, and clean. The location is PERFECT, right in the center of the strip, so you can walk to either end of the strip without taking a taxi or reaching your destination feeling extremely tired. The Bellagio is our favorite place to stay every time we go to Vegas!
Bellagio is nice and I hope to see "O" one day there -- need better planning.  It's not my favorite hotel to stay but many of my friends love staying here.  . . But when I'm in Vegas, I make it my mission to feast at the Bellagio's dinner champaign buffet!  For $40, you just can't find a better deal anywhere on planet earth!  I come to Vegas not to gamble (no dinero and bad luck at gambling) but to feast on the buffets, watch the shows and catch up with friends who live in various places in different continents.  My favorite buffet is Bellagio's.  (The rooms are nice -- seen the rooms my friends stay at this cool resort -- I prefer staying at Mandalay Bay.). . . Everything at Bellagio's buffet is exceptionally fresh, nicely cooked and delicious!  The desert is simply to die for.  The trick is to pace yourself and be very nice to the folks who attend to your table -- my buds and I stay for a couple of hours and pre-tip our servers generously in advance.  Eat everything in moderation and you will get your money's worth.. . After a two plus hour eating and catching up with my buds (including our female friends), I go nap in my friends' rooms at the Bellagio while they go gambling and shopping.  (I don't gamble -- I spend my dinero on shows and more food.). . . One can eat like a King or Queen at Bellagio's  buffet.  Give yourself at least 90 minutes and you will get your money's worth!   The food is fabulous!!!'
Classic Classy Hotel- favorite place to stay on the strip other than the Cosmo of course :)
Bellagio is a gorgeous hotel. The atrium is spectacular and actually reminded me of wonderland while I was there.
One of my favorite Vegas hotels. I've never stayed in the hotel, but you don't have to stay in a hotel in Vegas to like it!. . The almost magical Bellagio fountains out in front of the hotel display an amazingly well coordinated light & water show set to great music (like Frank Sinatra)! It's cool during the day, but it's so much better at night when the lights in the water add another level of cool to the display!. . The lobby has a beautiful blown glass ceiling in a rainbow of colors. Just beyond the lobby is an atrium that always kind of seems like a piece of Wonderland. The decorations they use change depending on the time of year, but it's always amazing and beautiful. This last trip out to Vegas, it was like you were bug sized in a hugegarden---towering flowers, huge snails, big birds, kites attached to the ceilings, etc.. . The casino is your normal casino, but it just has an air of being classy, which I enjoy.
Stay there.  Great customer service, great experience.  Beautiful all around and I have to say I don't want to stay anywhere else ever again.. . Plus it was probably icing on the cake that I left UP $150 when I was gambling.
Amazing hotel. We had a room with a great view of the fountains! There's a channel on the tv that you can hear the music that the fountains are "dancing" to. The pool area was also very nice & calm.
This was the second time we've stayed at The Bellagio and it remains a very positive experience.. . It was a lot more busy this time and the pool area was particularly crowded; but the staff seems to cope extremely well.. . Didn't bother eating at any of the restaurants or buffets as there was always a queue - but you'll get this at most location on the Strip.. . This is a fantastic hotel which accommodates for all tastes and age groups and I would not hesitate to go back.
Tres bel hotel de Las Vegas sur le theme italien des lacs de Come. Les chambres spacieuses offrent une qualite de service d'un haut niveau. La vue est imprenable sur Vegas, le strip ou le Paris Vegas.. Le show des fontaines est magnifique et puissant.. Le lobby et le casino sont parmi les plus beaux et les plus grands du strip.. Rien ne manque aussi bien pour se detendre au bord des piscines ou jacuzzis, que pour danser dans les boites de nuit ou assister au spectacle O du cirque du Soleil.. Les restaurants sont varies tout comme les boutiques de luxe.. Ne manquez pas la plus grande fontaine de chocolat du monde !
Big nice room, BIG bathroom for a standard hotel room....had a huge seperate tub and then a seperate walk in shower....woo! Wear comfy shoes because the place is HUGE....walked my stupid feet off in high heel wedges...came home with blisters...but I was cute, right??. . Casino is pretty clean considering, it'sa casino and everyone smokes....but it wasn't terribly smoky. Lots of slots, my favorite being the Sex in the City machine! Won $500 on $20.....but then like everyone else does, my stupid ass put it back in the machine throughout the next 2 days and lost is all.. . Several nice restaurants and shops.....the conservatory garden is beautiful! Stop by the largest chocolate fountain.. . The biggest attraction at the Bellagio is the fountains...gorgeous choreographed sprays to music...and its free to all. The 2nd attraction is in their theatre...the Cirque Du Soleil show "O". I have never seen anything so stunning...amazing music, acrobats, all in WATER!! I've seen a few other Cirque shows, but thisone was the best by far.....and 7 rows from the front I had an amazing view of it all....yep, beeee jealous!!. . I can't tell you anymore about my experience because you know what they say about Vegas..........
This review is based on the waterfall only its a must everytime I come to vegas I was soo happy they changed the music to my faaaaaavorite MJ song Billie Jean. I love the show its amazing what you can do with water and sprinklers
Nicht umsonst eines der schonsten Hotels der Welt gewahlt. Hatten ein Zimmer gebucht mit direktem Blick auf die beruhmten Fontainen. Herrlich, hatten den schonsten Blick der Las Vegas bieten kann.. . Nicht gerade gunstig aber es Lohnt sich. Der Parkplatz war wie normal in Las Vegas gratis. Sogar das Internet war dabei. Das Zimmer war erstklassig ausgestattet, anbiente Beleuchtung, herrlich bequemes Bett, ein grosser TV, grosses Bad, mit Bad uns seperater Dusche.. . Sehr zu empfehlen, wenn man schon in Las Vegas ist ;) . . Was in Las Vegas passiert, bleibt in Las Vegas ;)
Excellent experience! The staff is very helpful and friendly, the rooms are very nice, the hotel scenery is great. Plenty of shops inside. The water show is a must see. Conference rooms very nice, only small pick is they are far from the rooms. Would definitely stay here again.
What can I say that you don't already know? This place is legendary. It'll murder your checking account, but it's worth it just to experience staying and partying here.
Stayed only the one night in a fountain view room. Couldn't fault it. The service, facilities, room and entertainment is exemplar. . . Wish we could have afforded to stay a second night. We would have changed our plans to do so. . . The bed was absolutely beautiful, pillows the softest on out trip. . . The room was big, clean and luxurious. Nothing was out of place. . . Loved the turndown service, all staff went above and beyond. I was embarrassed I wasn't carrying more cash to tip them more. Being an Aussie I'm not used to tipping. . . I gave the Excalibur 2 stars and Bellagio 5. It was worth plebbing in the 1star hotel 4 nights so we could afford some 5 star service.
Wir waren fur genau 14 Tage im Bellagio. Wir sind am Strip in jedem Hotel gewesen. Das Bellagio hat uns am besten gefallen. Irgendwie ist es was ganz besonderes obwohl sehr viele Hotels am Strip 5* haben und voll mit Luxus gepumpt sind. . . Das Hotel ist sehr sauber, und die Zimmer sind gro. Der Pool ist gro und sehr sauber. Einfach traumhaft.
I had the pleasure of working with Amy and Laura from the Concierge.  They are both morr than helpful and made my trip one of the best ever.  Bellagio is one of the best resorts ive ever had the chance to stay at.
If you're in Vegas, stopping at the Bellagio has to be mandatory.  I go once a season to see the free gardens & free fountains.  The fountain has a new show every 15-20 minutes, so you won't have to wait long. . . Also, I just learned that the Bellagio also houses the World's Largest Chocolate fountain!
Bellagio is one of my favorite hotels to stay at while I'm in Vegas because the rooms are spacious and clean. Hotel staff are all friendly and courteous. It's just a great all-around experience.. . If you're like me and don't like feeling cramped into a tiny room to be shared with others, I would recommend getting the two-bedroom penthouse suite. Each bedroom comes with a his and hers bathroom, plus there's a guest bathroom as you enter. That means 5 of you can worship the porcelain god in unison after a big night of heavy drinking and bad decisions. The beds are so heavenly that you don't want to get up once your head hits the pillow. Standard rooms are also pretty spacious compared to other hotels.. . There's always something interesting to see in the conservatory which changes for each season and Chinese New Year. Definitely many photo ops when it's not too crowded from all the tourists. It's practically deserted around 4am.. . You have to see the fountain show at least once amongst all your Vegas visits. It goes on every half hour during the day and every 15 minutes in the evening until midnight. Don't get a fountain view room if you need your beauty rest because you will constantly be hearing a thunder-like sound (but then again, WHO THE HELL sleeps that early in Vegas?!?). . Raymond the bartender, who is usually near the baccarat room, is a great guy to chat up if you're looking to get some latenight drinks. You'll have a great time playing spot-the-hooker and he'll make great recommendations on local spots to eat.
Spa tower suites @ Belagio make it the best hotel in town for under a 1000.00 per night.
When I go to Vegas I usually pick this hotel. We are a VIP member here and usually get the penthouse suite here. The rooms are very clean and spacious. It is my favorite hotel in Vegas. I've been to the Wynn, aria, flamingo, and the Encore and this is still my fav. . .     Their buffet is very good. I usually have it any time I go here. So if u are going to Vegas I totally 100% recommend this hotel.
I'm starting Vegas Week, reviewing all my Vegas hotels I've been to in the last year.. . Let me start off with Bellagio is fine as they come, beautiful entrance, beautful fountains, beautiful valet service. . . You walk in, you SMELL..... Flowers Galore, Beautiful Glass Sculptures, beautiful orchids, etc... every season the terrarium on the inside changes for the season. . . It's all white marble, they have great gift shops, as well as the WORLDS LARGEST CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN! Willy Wonka would be proud of Bellagio.. . The Casino is awesome, Bellagio is ALWAYS Packed, 24/7 it's super busy. Really a tourist attraction, staying here can get frustrating!! . . We saw "O" get the Handicap seats if possible AMAZING, Chairs Move, easy access to bathroom, if your drinking!!! . . The Casino is awesome, very big, more flowers, and anything you'd expect for a 5 star Hotel Casino. The restaurants are amazing as well, very good. I would go on, but instead I will just post photos of my Bellagio adventures.
After all these years, this place is still one of the best hotels in Vegas.  We love to check out the Conservatory & Botanical Garden during the holidays.  Keep up the good work Bellagio!  . . Return Factor - 100%
I love the Bellagio. It is my favorite hotel/casino in Las Vegas. Everything about the hotel is elegant and upscale. The rooms are nicely appointed. The lobby is fantastic and a nice way to spend some time looking at all the art. The conservatory is great. I love going to the chocolate fountain and staring at it for a while. The staff is all very friendly. The fountain show is an iconic part of Vegas and is not to be missed either.. All the restaurants here a top notch and you will be pleased at eating there. I have never had a bad experience at this place and make sure I go each time I visit Las Vegas. A true gem on the strip.
A true fantasy-land for adults! When in Vegas this is the place to be! From the moment you walk in the door the adventure begins!
We recently returned here for a long weekend. We love this hotel. Great service and best location on the strip, for convenience as well as all around experience. I will only stay there when in Vegas. We also saw "O" again.. It was amazing!!!. . The lobby is gorgeous, glass flowers on the ceiling. The botanical gardens get changed by the season and are great for photo ops. The restaurants are great. The shopping is pretty amazing too.. . The monorail system is great so it's easy to get up and down part of the strip. . . The casino is pretty basic but being from Jersey, the dealers and staff on the casino floor are way more friendly than AC. I can't stress this enough. . . I have stayed at a few spots in Vegas but always go back here.
My favorite place on The Strip! The Cafe has Maryland Crab Cake Benedict that is delicious. I love the garden, the swimming pool area and Chihuly's Fiori di Como in the lobby. The show "O" was wonderful. It wasn't cheep but it's worth every penny. My favorite thing to do in Las Vegas is to get a Chai Tea Latte at their coffee shop and enjoy it while watching the fountains. When you get a room with a view of the fountains there is a channel on TV you can tune to so you can hear the music to go with the choreography.
Hotel was gorgeous and clean and decorated beautifully! Everyone was very friendly. The show with the fountains out front at night is gorgeous and worth 10 minutes of your time. Poker room is newer and open and beautiful!
I have yet to stay in this hotel, but I'd imagine the accomodations would be in line with the common area. I love walking through this place. Having a cocktail at the piano bar, or shopping the retail area. The staff does a very good job at keeping the common areas clean.
