I love street food, I love small portions, I love guacamole, I love refried beans - now that you know these things about me, now that I've revealed the Latina part of my soul that burns under this German facade, it's really not hard to see why this place would get 5 stars from this chica. They do all of the above perfectly. If you are looking for an enourmous, sloppy, flavorless burrito combo plate with a large diet coke, this is not your gig. . . Looking back, I feel like they possibly took a long time to serve our food, but it's probably because I was sipping fizzy orange vodka that has tampered my memory, not to mention I wanted to nosh real bad. Our waiter was sweet and incredibly busy, so as long as my glass was full, I was feliz. Might have to hop the light rail for a verdura taco tonight, cuz I just can't get my veggies to taste like that at home.
this place is pretty amazing.  very attentive staff.  Not to mention the food (locally grown) was delicious and tasted fresh and homemade.  We got in a little early and was advised that a soup was being made but would not be ready for 30 minutes (since it was made fresh).  I waited and was absolutely blown away by the flavor.  Definitely worth it.  And we got to munch on some delicious tortilla chips with 4 salsa choices...all were great.  My friend had the pollo asado, and though I didn't taste it, he loved it (and I also observed it falling off the bone.  And they don't make a bad Marguerita either.  a gem.  Was thoroughly impressed and glad to have happened upon it.  I will be back to this place.
By far one of the best Mexican places downtown.  Their menu is not just burritos with American cheese like the other typical so called "Mexican" places around the corner.  Their chef has great traditional plates that you will find within the colonial belt in central Mexico. Skip the trip to the south and come try a torta, enfrijolada style.  The drinks are great, definitely a strange place to find a great spot but it goes to show that with good food, everyone will come and come back.
Once again, thank you yelpers! Gallo Blanco, you made me so happy! First, driving up to the Clarendon Hotel (which houses GB) that night, was a nice surprise. What a cool looking place! A retro-style sign, colored lights beaming up the building, a trendy little lobby and a cascading waterfall wall by the pool. The cool factor continued on into the restaurant. They have a bar, spacious dining area and outdoor patio (with heat lamps). Our waiter was awesome and gave us some helpful and delicious recommendations. . . Here is what I loved about GB's food: . . *Their drinks are very fresh... they take a little while because they are made with fresh fruits/juices, but they are worth the wait. . . *The guacamole is probably some of the best I've ever had. It's kind of citrusy with small chunks of orange(?) in it. I want to try to make it at home. . . *The fish taco lived up to its expectations. It's small and simple and so well seasoned! . . *The pulled pork torta. Delicious pork sandwich, not overly bready like some tortas can be. . . *I think pretty much everything on the menu was under $10. . . The only thing I wouldn't order again was the steak burrito, the seasoning was too strong and overwhelming. . . Since trying GB I've been plotting a return visit and figuring out the lucky friends that will get to go with me!
Best Mexican food ever
I almost started giving up on finding healthy options in Phoenix, until I found this place. The fish is flown in daily, the vegetables are locally sourced and organic. The Yelp category is Mexican but this is not your usual "Tex-Mex" cuisine  - menu is filled with Tortas, grilled fish, and other Mexican dishes not typically found on a menu of a typical Mexican restaurant in US. . . The restaurant is located at the end of a non-descript street facing a parking lot, but don't let that sway you. Inside, it felt modern (concrete) and the wait staff extremely friendly.. . I'm definitely coming back here!!
What is not to like?  Yummy food, good people, funky vibe....Wed night fun Flamenco fest!  Doug is a really talented chef and a lovely person!  Go check it out!
Great happy hour! I loved this place. The atmosphere was really chill. My waitress was awesome and really helpful. They were pretty busy and their weren't too many people helping out but she managed to stay friendly and calm and make her way around to everyone. Oh and the food and horchata was deeeelicious. If I'm ever in Phoenix I'll come back!
pork tacos is the bomb. go on Tuesdays and they have happy hour tacos.
Visited Phoenix for business and wanted to find a nice place for a good burrito.  Since this place was a block from my meeting location, I though I would give it a try.  Walked into a lively place with people at every table.  i sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the sunshine.  The service was quick and friendly.  Ordered the carne asada burrito and was very pleased.  The ribeye meat used was cooked perfectly with great flavors.  They seasoned it perfectly with just the right amount of heat.  I can't wait to visit again and try some of the other delectable treats.
Delicious, you can tell that everything is made freshly and with care.  Great atmosphere, great feel will definitely try and come whenever I am in town!
I had breakfast at this place last month and thought it was incredible. A little difficult to find since it is in a hotel but no complaints at all.
Several years ago I was on Vacation with my family in France. For the hell of it, we decided on day one to identify the very best Creme Brulee in Paris. We ordered Creme Brulee after dinner, we ordered it after lunch, we even picked up a few Creme Brulee's at popular patisserie's throughout the city. Our Creme Brulee's would make their way around our table and we would discuss the merits of each. We analyzed those little euro custards as if we were trying to impress an eavesdropping Anthony Bourdain. Did we prefer it with or without vanilla beans? Warm or cold? Deep remekin or shallow? When it was all said and done, we found the best. . . Believe it or not, we did the same thing in a little Mexican village called San Miguel de Allende. Only this time it wasn't Creme Brulee... it was Chilaquiles. When our trip was over I assumed that we found the best in San Miguel, possibly even the best in the world. I was wrong. Whatever we deemed superior in San Miguel was completely outmatched by the Chilaquiles I had last Friday evening at Gallo Blanco. Simply amazing. A perfect blend of savory, spicy chile with the faintest hint of citrusy sweetness. It had a wonderful contrast of various textures, and just enough crispiness on the top layer to make me forget the failed excessively soggy versions of my past.  And it was all topped off by two perfectly cooked eggs... sunny side up.. . The service and atmosphere were also exceptional. I can't wait to go back.
I LOVE the Clarendon and therefore I love Gallo Blanco.  Its one of the few restaurants you can make a day-long experience out of.  Firstly, its part of the Clarendon, which is a phoenix landmark in itself.  Super retro hotel with an awesome pool and lounge chairs  for your relaxing pleasures.  . . After you swim/sweat up an appetite simply walk into the Gallo Blanco!  I am a sucker for 'all day breakfast' so thats what I stick to.  The Egg Torta is amazing as isthe Chilaquiles Verdes. My friend did stray from the breakfasty foods and she raved about whatever she ordered as well!  The restaurant sticks with the retro vibe and does make you feel like you stepped into a post-mod Phoenix :)  Lovely.
By far one of my Favorite Restaurants to eat Vegan at. . I can't believe I haven't updated my review, the first time I reviewed Gallo I was not even Vegan, it's been a long time. . . The Veggie Tacos are out of this world, I usually order 5 or 6. . They are pretty small in size but not in flavor. Fresh tiny corn tortillas stuffed with a varying mixture of grilled veggies like, onion, red pepper, green beans, mushroom, corn and spinach topped with guacamole and the best part is they are only $2 each WHAT!! That's right only $2 each. . . It gets better, during Happy Hour which is now 7days a week from . 3pm-6pm, My beloved Veggie Tacos are only.......wait for it.........$1 each!! . . Not to mention the $5 (HH price) made to order Guacamole, loaded with roasted tomatoes, chunks of citrus and spices, (be sure to say No Cheese if you are a Vegan.) It's my professional opinion that this is some of the best Guacamole I've had, try it f you don't believe me.. . All this talking has got me craving it, I gotta go, See you at Gallo!
I entered the Clarendon hotel a cool old retro hotel to get to Gallo Blanco Cafe. Waiter was really nice ordered an Anchor steam draft they also have hop knot witch is a plus drinks came time to order the tacos I picked the Cochinita, Carne asada beef and the Fish (Eco - friendly) Mrkt. Chilled a bit sipped my beer the tacos came out I took my first bit of the Carne Asada beef and had a flashback of all the taco shops I have been to in the past and said why god!!! This was a write home taco unreal the fish was kickass as well so refreshing I had to order another Carne wow I want more now just talking about it.. It's a must stop anytime I am a fan for life.
Why yes, I did go back the next night to have some more delicious food at Gallo Blanco. Before the play my family and myself were all going to attend, I convinced my mom to take us to Gallo Blanco after raving about it to her the night before. We had so much food again! The beans, which are vegetarian, are amazing. I could have eaten an entire bowl of them. I also had the prickly pear margarita. I liked it, but I don't know if it was worth the $10 I paid for it. I couldn't even taste the alcohol. We also got an order of the Chiccharon that was ok, but didn't get finished. For dessert we ordered the tres leches cake, so good, and the brownie cake, which actually tasted store bought. It wasn't warm and just had that packaged flavor. I don't know if it was or not but no one at the table liked it that much. . . However, tacos had by all were amazing of course. Veggie, fish, shrimp, and steak were had at the table. My husband and sister loved the shrimp and I was told the steak was good as well. . . I can't wait to come back here again.       5/7/11.. . ----------------------------------------. . OMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM. . Ya, those are pretty much the sounds I made while I was eating my meal at Gallo Blanco today. After fantasizing about this place for weeks we finally found a reason to go, Cinco de Mayo!, and headed down there for happy hour today. We showed up at about 4:30 and there were only three other tables taken. It got super packed about 10 minutes later so we showed up just in time. Service was super speedy. We never had an issue the entire meal where it was taking too long. My only complaint about service was the water glasses were way too small and the poor waitress had to come over pretty much every five minutes to refill them. It might be time for some larger water glasses. We tend to be heavy (water) drinkers. . . We ordered the guacamole to start. I liked it, but I have to say I tend to favor a more spicy guacamole than one with citrus in it. But it was different, and I would order it again. For dinner I ordered three veggie tacos ($1 each during happy hour!! OMG!!) and my husband ordered two fish tacos, and the fish happened to be halibut today which my husband loves, and one veggie taco. The tacos are great. They are small but they filled us both up super fast. We left here totally full and moaning about how much we had eaten. The veggie tacos had a bunch of different veggies in them topped with more guacamole. The fish tacos looked to be about the same. I also ordered the Elote. It was delicious but I probably wont order it again seeing as how it was $5 for one corncob. If they lowered it to $3 I would probably order it every time I come in. We thought about getting dessert but decided we were way too full to try. Saving that experience for another day. . . The happy hour prices here are amazing. We ordered guacamole, one Elote, and six tacos. All under $20. That's a crazy good deal. Seeing as how good of a deal it is during happy hour I will probably never come here any other time except happy hour. I want to go back right now even though I am still full. I keep thinking about those tacos....
Great music, great food, nice staff. Couldn't havehad a better experience.
Damn - I don't throw five stars around often but how fun is good food at a good price with a restaurant with a cool vibe? Mexican meets local markets with your taste buds being the winner.  If I lived here I would frequent this place on a regular basis.  Phoenix you are lucky with this one - its a keeper.
One of my favourite restaurants in Phoenix.  I would go every week if I could.  It's cheap, and has a great atmosphere, friendly service, and fantastic food.. . I almost always order the Ensalada Cortada and the Elote Callejero (grilled corn with cotjia and paprika... so phenomenal!), but their tacos are also delicious.  They also... and this is odd for a Mexican restaurant, but it's true... have the best french fries in Phoenix.  So I usually try to get whoever I'm going with to share a plate with me.  Their guacamole is also veryveryvery good.  . . They get their veggies from Maya's Farm, so everything is local and organic.  Fabulous bonus.. . The acoustics do make this place pretty loud Wed-Sat evenings, but I like the liveliness of it.  Quieter if you go Sun-Tues, or sit outside on the patio.. . Highly recommend!
I have found the hidden gem of Phoenix. Woohoo!. . I was recommended Gallo Blanco from a bartender at Windsor, another awesome place to check out. Being new (4 months) to Phx and coming from LA, the land of amazing food, I was asking around for some good places to check out that only a local may know about. . . Gallo Blanco was a perfect recommendation. Off the beaten path, this place is located at The Clarendon Hotel. This boutique hotel is awesome. Great pool, cool furniture and light fixtures, bar on the roof, AZ license plates as door numbers. Anyway, Gallo Blanco is next to the lobby and on the front patio of Clarendon. The vibe and aesthetic of Gallo Blanco is hip but not pretentious. The staff is very friendly and informative with recommendations. My new obsession of Ceviche was fulfilled here. A lot of places don't have good ceviche, but Gallo Blanco's was amazing!. . I also got a Halibut Fish Taco and a Carne Asada Beef Taco. These were good but next time I think I will ask for some Pico de Gallo to go along with them as I think it was missing a little something. My boyfriend enjoyed his beef, fish, and cochinata tacos. I also loved my Horchata. AND the prices were great!. . This is going to be my spot. My default place to go out, my place to bring visitors, and more importantly my place to rave about to locals who don't know about it. I don't mind sharing :)
Went here for happy hour which they do from 3-6 M-Thurs. Our table ordered $5 margaritas and the sangria, which were both very good.  Ordered the chips and salsa which came with pico and a nice chipotle salsa. . We tried about 4 varieties of tacos and we liked the shrimp and veggie tacos the best. The corn on the cob with cotija cheese was almost decadent, as well as the ensalada cortada which was such a delicious and interesting salad with all its' textural components. Our friend ordered the pork quesadilla as well which she said was seasoned nicely. . We finished our meal with the postres de chocolate. . The service was great. Prompt and although we had a main waitress, we had multiple people filling our water and bringing our food out. We never felt neglected or forgotten. Cute decor too in the old Clarendon Hotel!
yay, way cool happy hour. first off, very cool outdoor decor. i really like the Clarendon hotel. . . we went specifically for the taco's, but wound up with much more. after 3 tacos each-around 1.50-2.50(one veggie, one shrimp, one fish), we decided to munch on some chips and delicious salsa-3 bucks. then my girl got the salad-6 bucks, and i got the goddam corn on the cob with cheese and paprika-4 bucks. i could've eaten a dozen of these suckers.. . we topped it off with the chocolate pudding, fluff, and graham cracker desert and a margarita. does any of this stuff go together? not in the order we ate it, but it was delicious. there are lots of meat options as well and their regular menu looked downright superb...even have shrimp and grits! mmm....love me some grits.. . great happy hour, great atmosphere, and great service!
The first thing that Gallo Blanco has going for it is a certain type of cool. A little off the beaten path, this restaurant in the Clarendon gets a pretty diverse crowd, all drawn to the great food and drinks. . . I'm usually a beer guy and with Negro Modelo on draft they score a big win in the beer department. Amongst the apps I've had are the corn, guacamole and house salad, all are excellent. But the real show (heart) stopper is the chicharron de queso (had to check their website for the spelling). The best way to describe it is like the cheese that falls onto the pan when you're drunk and making a quesadilla, you eat it and decide that maybe the crispy cheese would make a pretty good meal on its own. Well, the good people at GB have taken this 3am marvel and turned it into something bigger, better, and brought dipping sauce. Probably best to order for four people, or not eat the whole thing (a little greasy) but definitely worth a try.. . Without question, my favorite item is the carne asada torta. No joke, awesome, life altering, eat one and wish you had another, great. Every time the wife and I are staring down an $83 dinner bill for mediocre food at some other place, I usually create a fantasy that I had dropped 8 bucks for one of these instead.
PLZ PLZ let me be the 320ish review of this cafe... yaaa. ... 1st, not really much the standard looking "cafe," they serve lux coffee but its on the smallest section in the back of the menu...semantics..whatever.. . Now that is out of the way, I will start by saying .Hello "Gallo Blanco, you classy down to earth minx.".  . Great place for two glaring reason: Taste & Design. . Taste]]]  I had the veggie torta...and for a man, such as myself, who lovs meat I was very hesitant on ordering this protein deficient and possible savory lacking veggie torta....i like meat. Thankfully, GBC subdued my hesitation and the veggie torta abides... and all is well in the universe.. . Design]]]] Walking into Gallo Blanco reminds you that PHX local business owners are still innovators of the industry. Its that or they are really good at ripping off other peoples ideas. Personally, I think that it really takes both to create a great atmosphere and some authentic gumption to be a little different, but still..not..weird.. . Thank you to Patrick S. for actually making me go here.... . R\_. . NOte: Make sure to be prepared to find parking NOT very accessible.
This is such a cool restaurant. Very fun and lively, you can tell everyone at all of the tables is having a great time. I loved the staff and i think the menu is just so unique and awesome. All the meals that were ordered at my table were prepared to perfection and i have never been to another mexican food restaurant that is so unique and exciting to beat. I will recommend this place to everyone and it makes for a great night out. Also, the margarita's are so perfect. They have a little bit of kick to each sip and it was a great drink with my meals. . . I LOVE THIS PLACE
Elote! Tacos! El Julio! . . Three things that make up a perfect Sunday.. . Popped into Gallo Blanco to meet up for a little gathering of friends. Good stuff! This is a very cool place.. . Lots of local art up on the walls. Adjacent to the killer pool at the Clarendon. In fact, Arana W. told me about how this is a great spot for a birthday party/staycation for locals.. . My birthday is next month. MAYBE I will set this up..... . In any case....while we waited for our table, we grabbed drinks at the bar. Since it was Happy Hour, all drinks with a star on the menu were $5, and beers were $3. I got the El Julio which is lime vodka, liquor 43, lime, soda. Freaking amazing. . . Once we got our table, I ordered the Elote (corn for you amateurs) which is dusted with smoked paprika and cotija cheese. Your palate will have a hard-on. Yeah. Seriously.. . Then for my entree, I ordered Pork and Beef Tacos. All were very well-prepared. My only concern was that the tacos only had one tortilla. Typically a street-style taco will have two tortillas, because the first one will break because of the juice from the meat. Mmm. . . It was still delicious, and I enjoyed it.. . Make sure you try the two sauces they put on the tables. Green and red. PLEASE try the red. It's spicy, but so effing flavorful, that your whole outlook on life will change afterwards.. . Perhaps I exaggerate a little. Who cares. Just come down here.. . I drove all the way from Scottsdale. It was worth it. I'll be back.
A gem to remind us what Phoenix *can* be, in a utopian sense.. Locally owned and operated restaurant, in a locally owned and operated hotel.. . The decor is stylish and casually comfortable, with LOTS of local art on the walls available for purchase.. . Went this past weekend for a UYE and had a BLAST!  Even my boo-boo drink mix up was A-OK!. . Started with a happy hour Bloody Mary.  (That's a Sunday law, right?)  Once our group was seated, I got another.  (If one is good, two is GREAT, right?). I ordered the elote to start with - planning on eating light to save room for dessert (and more drinks, RIGHT?). . Darn that Lynn W - she is *such* a bad influence.  Tacos, too!  One each please - carne asada, cochinita and fish!. . And that brings us to the mistake.  I meant to order the "La Ruso" - which is Hendrick's gin, ginger beer and lime.  Instead, I asked for the "Paloma" - wich is El Jimador Resposado tequila, grapefruit soda, lime and salt.  The drink was tasty.  Soooo tasty.  Tasty enough that I neglected to enforce my NO TEQUILA rule.  At the beginning of the night, I even told a couple of my companions that my next tattoo will be a med-alert bracelet reading 'allergic to tequila!"  But I drank it.  I drank it all!. . When the tacos came (the cochinita was good, but not as good as La Condesa, the carne asada and fish were AMAZING!), I corrected the gaffe by ordering my La Ruso.  Fantastic drink - but I probably should have skipped it, as by that time, I could barely tell the flavor difference between the two, and had to have others at the table confirm by taste I got the right drink.  But hey - if three drinks are great, four must be fantastic, right?. . The stragglers of the group (Lynn W, Norm R and I) shared the orangecake for dessert.  Just sweet enough to refresh our mouths - but not at all overpowering.  And incredibly moist.. . When all was said and done - . The food and drink were as good as ever! . The service was spot on and she had a GREAT attitude!. I happily made great new Yelp friends!. . . What a fantastic way to wrap up the weekend!
I don't usually feel the urge to update a review from a good experience, but this one is worth mentioning.. . I had a friend in town last night, and we decided to pay a visit to Gallo Blanco. I told her all about my amazing experience from a couple weeks back: the elote, the tacos, the el julio.. . Having said all that, I was excited to return!. . On this "normal" Wednesday night, the restaurant was PACKED, but we were seated within a few minutes.. . Our server made polite conversation with us and said "I'm a foodie and that's why I love working here." I wish every server felt this way at every restaurant I go to. As a self-appointed food nerd, I felt like I was in good hands.. . In any case, here's the skinny:. . Cocktails: El Julio (as always), the prickly pair margarita (it's delicious), aguas frescas (some sort of watermelon vodka cocktail that was VERY strong), and capped off with a Hopknot. All solid choices.. . Food: We shared everything. Order of chips/guacamole. To die for. The Elote. It truly is a religious experience. The Cotija cheese! Smoked Paprika! Also, we shared the Pica Rico burger. So many different flavors. The smoked chili peppers and the avocado! It was a perfect balance. . . Between the two of us, we only hatehalf of the burger. That's how big it is. . . My best advice is to come here with people who are not scared of eating and indulging. This is the kind of place where you want to enjoy your meal. If you are trying to be healthy, it's a treat. . . This is my new spot. If only I lived in downtown....
Want to know what to order: . - Tacos! Tacos! Tacos! - I liked the fish and carde asada. They come in a great rack and don't forget to ask for the orange and green sauce to drizzle on top.. - Elote - mexican corn with cotija and paprika. - Holy moly guacamole! Good good. . Pass on:. - Beans with cheese, though it says they're mooshed they're not. . What to remember for your next visit:. - HH specials. - Taco Tuesdays, buy 2 tacos get one free
I took the BF here for his first Taco Tuesday at Gallo.  After declaring the carne asada tacos best, I proceed to order only one carne and stupidly ordered a halibut and a shrimp.  #1 carne, #2 pork, #3 shrimp, #4 halibut.  After the carne, nothing else really matches up flavor wise.  The tacos are extremely small, street size, which makes me happy as I have a fondness for cute little things.  3 is perfect for me with an app and cocktails.  The guac, although small in portion size, is very good and I am a picky guac eater.  It has little bits of orange in it, which keeps me interested.  We also ordered the shrimp ceviche which is among the best I have ever had.  This will be a regular at my table from now on.  I would be remiss by leaving out the fact that the amazing salsa is served in squeezey bottles on the table, so I can pile my tacos and chips with the extra fantastical red sauce that I crave.  The last Tuesday I went, they had watermelon aqua fresca which I spiked with vodka and it was a little slice of heaven on a hot summer night.  The BF likes him some scotch and they had a brand to his liking.  We topped it off with the tres leches cake.  Omg.  Need I say more?. I have also had weekend brunch here which I don't remember having any specials, being in a hotel and all I'm sure they dont need to attract early eaters but they can do no wrong in my eyes so I will be back.
OMG, the white sangria is the best!! They have a great happy hour and the taco menu is incredible. The tacos are just the right size and I tried some kind of crispy cheese appetizer that was super delicious. I seriously want to come back and try all the meals! I can't wait to go back there!!
I went to Gallo Blanco for lunch durinig a meeting. LOVED IT. We walked from Central and Clarendon, it wasn't bad, just down Clarendon and you won't miss it. . . The food AMAZING. I got a Carne torta and the special of the day was a 1/2 torta and a salad. YUMMY. We also got Chips and Guac. So So good. . . I can't wait to take my dad there tonight :-)
This place is spectacular, one of the my favorite. I've never ordered anything that was mediocre, it is always shockingly good. They play great music, and the atmosphere is amazing, favorite Sunday spot.
I had never heard of Gallo Blanco before my Yelpathon began. What a sad, sad life I had been living.. . The restaurant and bar were so cozy, in the lobby of the Clarendon Hotel. While hanging out at the pool, we had their $5 happy hour margaritas. I usually prefer a skinny margarita - hate the taste of sweet and sour. The bartender assured me there was no sweet and sour in the bar, great news! The margarita was still a bit heavy even though it was made with fresh fruit juices. It was still yummy and you can't ask for more at $5 each.. . After a day at the pool, we got ready and headed back down for dinner. I had no idea what to expect, but was very happy when I looked at the menu. I'm a girl that likes choices. Variety. I was in for quite a feast.. . The tacos range from $2.50-$3.50, which means you can try pretty much all of them and not break the bank (although you may be really full). My absolute favorite was the night's special: a pork belly taco with who knows what else on it. All of the tacos (I tried the Halibut, carne asada and pork belly) were perfect.. . Do not try to do the whole "with extra this, no that, substitute such and such" thing here. Just don't, you'll love them as they are! Three tacos + chips and salsa and the amazing Paloma (think Grapefruit Margarita) were enough to fill me up - though I was throwing around the idea of ordering just one more taco.. . You can't forget breakfast either. I gott the Breakfast Burrito. Love. It was about a  foot long and I made a severe dent in it. And even though this is a Mexican joint, the pancakes looked AMAZING.. . So yes, literally everything about Gallo Blanco was perfect, and I will be back VERY soon.
Absolutely love the Happy Hour!! Try the grilled corn and $1.75 carne asada tacos!  Deb's doing a video review about the Gluten free options- all the tacos use corn tortillas.  http://www.deborahapeters.com  And check out the urinals so corny and fun.
My friend introduced me to this place the other day and we happened to be there during happy hour. We both got margaritas - they were delicious! They are made with fresh squeezed juice and only cost $5! We also got chips with pico de gallo and guacamole. The guacamole was addicting...I couldn't stop eating it!  Who knew that adding mandarin orange segments to it could make it taste so good??
Excellent Atmosphere: If great food and cheap (free) entertainment, tickles your fancy, Catch this place on a night with a live performance.. It gets a little congested but its well worth it.. And Guys, while your here, make your way to the little boy's room and Check out the pisser.. I found it mildly amusing to relieve myself into a big-porcelain mouth. . . The Food: Start off with the best damn Bloody-Mary on this side of the Mississippi. Only Bloody Mary I don't have to add my own personal touch to. They garnish it with celery olives and JICAMA, which is THE perfect touch to this nectarous potion. One word people: GUACAMOLE! This stuff will enrich your lives.. Tomatoes, cilantro, salt, pepper, MANDARINS and other little pleasures make this Guac absolutely divine. (Super generous serving as well.)  . Tacos are cheap, but small, so you can try every-one on the menu for a song. And the CARNE ASADA ones?...... Can you say DELISH?! Stick with the carne asada and you won't be disappointed.. The red and green salsas at the table are both unique in taste and rich in flavor, and combined, ambrosial. Great place for a date or to nurse your hangover, either way, Bravo Gallo Blanco.. Bravo.  Eat well, Live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do.       -Cheers
If by some strange happenstance, I were to try veggie tacos that were somehow better than Gallo Blanco's, my head might explode.  I could write love poems to Gallo Blanco's veggie tacos.  So sooo good.  And cheap!. . I won't rhapsodize about the guac and elote, but they are also delicious. And the drink menu is good enough that this place could stand alone as a bar.. . The best part about this place, though, is the variety of ways to enjoy it:  You can get tacos and drinks while lounging in the super-comfy pool area, or stake out a spot near the bar on Flamenco Wednesdays, or grab a spot on the patio on cool fall evenings.  Or you could go the traditional route and get a table in the restaurant's lovely and modern and chic interior.  . . I can't say enough good things about this place.  5 stars.
Went again last night. . The entire dining experience was both flawless and un- compromising. . . We walked away from the table to watch some of the live performance (super entertaining) and our waiter took the liberty of placing our food under the heat lamp so it didn't get cold AND put covers over our waters. Customer service at its finest. . . ******Oh, and I found out they are opening a SECOND LOCATION!! It's going to be more of a venue/lounge. Roof/patio and larger stage, BIGGER BAR= LOVE- How exciting!  I'll keep updates on the "detes" as soon as I find out more.
Hands down, this place is in my top 3 spots to eat in Phoenix.  Maybe, make that top 2!   I eat here at least once a week and am happy every single time.  Chilaquiles are amazing...best I've ever had.  Huevos Rancheros are so tasty any time of the day.  And the little street tacos are just right on a hot summer night.  I've even tried a couple of the salads as a meal and been quite, quite satisfied.   The servers are all cute as pie (boys AND girls) and never leave you unattended.  I always leave satisfied and wishing I had more room in my tummy for more.   Okay, one small irritation is they never can seem to get a drink made correctly...I've had to send them back for what I actually ordered on several occasions...and they are all in the $8 range....a little pricey I think.  But really, 5 stars from me!!!
Yum, Yum and more Yum! The elote is amazing and the huevos rancheros are delicious. Fresh ingredients make all the difference. Even the Michelada tasted fresh (I had it bloody). This would be my favorite restaurant if I lived in Phoenix!
My absolute favorite place in Phx to get lunch on a lazy Sunday.
Awesome, awesome, awesome! Food is phenomenal and the guac is worth ordering. Won't be disappointed! I have now been there twice and cant wait to go back again. Torta: awesome. Tacos: awesome. Chicken dish thing that I cant remember the name?: awesome. boxed up what we didnt eat, and forgot it on the table. The server ran out to the road as we were driving to give it to us...are you kidding me? how sweet is that? go. now.
Bang-a-rang!. . You wouldn't think looking at the dining room that good Messican grub would come out of it.  But then you'd be greatly mistaken.  It reminded me of a hip little coffe shop. . . Started out with chips and salsa (you get a fresh poured bottle of red (fire roasted) and green (tomatillo)) and a side of guac. (There be bits of orange in it!!) Outstanding on all fronts!!  I did, however enjoy the green to the red.. . Enter meat stuffs.. . First off lemme learn you su'in right quick. Their Carne asada is not made with crappy cuts, they go for the gold and make 'em with RIBEYE!!! Oh, glorious fatty ribeye, how I adore thee.... . Naco Torta. On butter grilled bread with an over-medium crown atop it. Disgustingly delicious!!. . carne asada taco, conchinita taco, and shrimp taco.  All three better than any taco I've had in the past, I'd say, 6 years! Fo' Sewius.. . I want to live here, that is all.
I discovered Gallo Blanco a couple of years ago when I was having a birthday party at the Clarendon Pool. I had been vegetarian at the time but decided to let loose and try their cheeseburger...needless to say, I am no longer vegetarian. The simple cheeseburger was the tastiest piece of groundbeef I had ever experienced. Regionally grown beef that is ground on the premises and cooked to perfection. That was just the cheeseburger! I returned many times over the past couple of years and have been richly satisfied every time. . The Clarendon is already one of the hippest spots in town and it provides a wonderful setting for the vividly colorful take on Mexican street fare. I come from Southern New Mexico and grew up on the finest mexican food in the world. I have been aghast by the lack of quality, authenticity and flavor in the variations of Mexican and wannabe New Mexican food around the valley (and don't even bring up that fake fancified version of the genre that Richardsons paraded out). I have also been on the search for a decent salsa. Finaly, with Gallo Blanco, my tastes have satisfied and tantalized! The freshness and care of the ingredients oozes out of every bite of every dish. The tortillas, salsas, and sauces are sublime. The modern, stylized versions of Mexican street fare Gallo presents retain the original essence of the dishes and are not overly "American cuisine" affected. Simplicty and transparency in every bite.. I recommend a variety of tacos (pork adobado being my fave), the grilled chicken adobada, the chilaquiles, guacamole, and of course the burgers!. Prices are reasonable but you may end up spending more than inteded when you delve in to the drink menu...that's a whole experience unto itself!. Visit Gallo Blanco and plan on revisiting again and again.. Also check it out on Wednesdays for an exquisite Flamenco performance!
One of my favorite places to eat in central phoenix. Amazing mexican brunch on the weekends, great lunch options. There salsa is superb, the atmosphere is hip and bright-- just like the Clarendon hotel it sits underneath. This is not your typical "hotel restaurant." You must go here!
This place has the best tacos and chorizo fundido. And yummy Sleepy Dog beer!. . The staff and atmosphere are fantastic and the happy hour prices are great!
This has become one of my favorite midtown places. Food is top notch. The first few times I went there the wait staff was a little crabby but for about a dozen times since they've been super friendly. Breakfast is stellar and the local ingredients make a big difference in the taste.
I've been coming here for 2.5 years or so and now regularly eat there 1-2 times a week (sometimes more). I'm not a huge active Yelp-er but thought that I should finally give this place a review since it's well past due.. . First off, their guacamole is amazing. They make it with orange instead of the usual lime, which is the first time I've even heard that people do that. Delicious. Don't think I've ever gone here once without ordering at least 1 bowl of guacamole.. . I usually try to stop by around happy hour. They have great deals and their tacos are usually $1.50-2.50 each and are absolutely delicious. Love the carne asada and cochinitas tacos the best, although their ahi tuna ones are great as well.. . However, if you don't want tacos they have great tortas, chilaquiles and especially their carne asada burrito.. . I kind of want to go there again tonight (even though I was there last night). :)
Best restaurant in Phoenix.
If you're looking for killer tacos, great gauc, and terrific service don't miss Gallo Blanco. Stopped in while traveling and it's off the charts good.
Awesome Mexican food.. . Chilaquiles, shrimp ceviche, tortas, and all of the tacos were delicious. Oh, and their tomatillo salsa was awesome.. . I didn't care for their horchata, it lack flavor.
We were staying at the Claredon and the desk clerk (who is also from Yuma) told us that their restaurant was voted best Mex in Phoenix and she swore it was true so we had to try it.. . The elote (roasted corn with cheese and smokey paprika) was fab, as was the ceviche! The carne asasda taco was tasty, as so many have already said. The real stars, however, were the pork belly and vegie tacos. I'll be dreaming about those til our next trip north.
Best guacamole in town. Great prices, cool place to go with friends. Love it here. Fun to eat here while swimming as well.
I wanted to write a real review of this place. Gallo Blanco is probably my favorite restaurant thus far. Their street tacos are exceptional, the plain house salad has been reinvented and turned to something phenomenal. The melon-made Agua Fresco is fantastic, I took mine with a little tequila and triple-sec. Also, make sure you get guacamole on everything. I recommend this place to absolutely everyone for any occasion. The employees are great, lively and just fun people, from the manager to the dishwasher they were all extremely friendly.
Great food and drinks. This place has a great atmosphere for any occasion. The guacamole is off the heezy.
Love it, best guacamole in Arizona! For reals
Five star breakfast all the way!! Gallo Blanco is the restaurant housed inside of the Clarendon Hotel (boutique style). . . We met some friends here for breakfast after reading the reviews on Yelp as well as delving into some seriously delicious guacamole the night before. Most of us took our waitresses recommendation on the Chilaquillas and I, personally, was SO glad I did. I think I literally licked my plate clean. Now mind you, it was not your typical soggy, enchilada sauce soaked, casserole of tortilla chips. This was an out-of-the world, new age way of making Chilaquillas. I'm not going to give it away, I will just say you'll never look at the traditional dish the same way again.. . The restaurant is quite 70's modern as is the entire them of the Clarendon and the servers and staff of the restaurant are top shelf. Always there when you need them and not there when you don't. Perfect service. If I were in Phoenix again and needed to find a place for breakfast I would certainly go out of my way to get to Gallo Blanco again.. . On a side note, we did not get the chance to go in the evening, but they do serve dinner, they do have a full bar and the one night we saw it, the place was packed so I'm sure it's just as good in the evening as it is in the morning.
What to choose, what to choose. Such difficult decisions! Seriously, this normally isn't a problem. Dispite the fact that I'm a libra, I'm very decisive. Friends usually look to me to make all sorts of decisions ::diabolical laugh:: Still, this place consistently stumps me.. . Is it Tuesday? If yes, then I'm definately getting the Pork Belly Tacos.. . Otherwise, I'll start with an order of Ceviche and Asado Salad.. . To drink I'll have Agua Fresca de Sabor.. . Yes, I'm going to have an entre too, I mean I've already broken my diet, might as well :D. . I'll have the Huevos Rancheros or 3 Carne Asada Tacos or the Verduras de Temporada or the Chilaquiles Verdes or the Carne Asada Torta. OMG, so many great options! Seriously, this normally isn't a problem. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to try everything.. . Next up, a euphoric food coma! Life is good.
Brought my parents here, and encouraged them to get a little tipsy on sangria and margaritas while we waited. They did, I did -- off to a good start.. . I am all about the Ensalada Cortada. You might be thinking, to hell with corn nuts, what is a Yulu seed or a zamorano, these do not belong in my salad.. . We don't know each other that well, but (and don't take this the wrong way), but you're trippin'. Just get the 1/2 price, 1/2 serving-size of the Cortada, and thank me later. And set aside the fact that the rich, creamy ranch dressing nearly negates the health-factor of "getting a salad," and focus on the crunchy tangy deliciousness up in your mouth.. . My parents also watched on as I tore into the elote as if it were a weak, sick antelope in a PBS documentary. Get your buzz on before hand, so that instead of inspiring terror in those around you, everyone sort of giggles without making eye contact.. . (My parents also got things to eat. I am sure those things were good too.)
I was in Phoenix for a few days and stayed at The Clarendon. This little restaurant is in the hotel and I ended up eating here a few times during my stay. The hotel is very trendy, modern, kind of has the Old Palm Springs trendy look. I love it. Anyway, this little restaurant has the best of everything. My favorite was the tacos de carne asada. The meat is really tasty and has a great sweet taste. I also had the shrimp and halibut tacos all really yummy. If you go for happy hour, they are each about a $1.75. Great Deal. Okay but my FAVORITE was the Chilaquiles with egg. OMG this was SOOO good. It was a stack of crispy corn tortillas with eggs and a sauce that was to die for. Now on a different day, I had the chorizo and egg plate. This was not my favorite. The chorizo didn't have any egg so it was just too strong for my liking. I didn't end up eating it. I had a friend visit me for breakfast one day and he had the chorizo torta, that looked very good. One more thing, get the OJ. It is fresh squeezed. Ceviche was great, they'll give you a whole bowl of homemade chips with your order. Lastly the bar that is adjacent to the restaurant, is very lively with a bunch of beautiful people who are artsy, clever and very hip. Have the Sangria. This is about one of the only few places I think that can make a good original Sangria. Also rooftop bar is great too.. . Can't wait to visit again.
Love, love, LOVE Gallo Blanco! I discovered this cute little hotel restaurant when I lived around the corner in one of those dodgy apartment complexes, and now it's become one of my "go-to" places.. . The bf and I went here last night for our anniversary (yeah, we love it), and we scored with the Happy Hour prices!. . One thing-- GET THE GUACAMOLE!! I don't know exactly what is in it (other than avocado and tomatoes), but it is so good. Legit guacamole for sure! Also, I have no idea what the commenter below was smoking, but the chips at this place are AWESOME! You can tell the chips are homemade from tortillas-- thick and crunchy and NOT greasy!. . Also, their sangrias are really tasty and strong! $5 during Happy Hour... you know you want it!. . I got the veggie tacos last night (2 @ $1.25 a piece) and damn were they good. I love the way they make their corn tortillas-- light and fluffy and full of flavor. The tacos were really good too-- stuffed full of grilled veggies, pico de gallo, and more of that incredible guacamole!. . I'm not a big eater, so you might want to get more than one... or do what we did, and order drinks and an appetizer. Yum :). . The bf got two carne asada tacos and one pork taco... he actually couldn't choose which one he liked more! He said the carne tacos were "very flavorful" but the pork tacos were "really tender"... basically, he loved both of them.. . We haven't tried dessert at Gallo Blanco (we go elsewhere for our desserts!) but I'm sure they're not half bad.. . The ambiance at the Clarendon is really nice-- the restaurant itself is secluded from the hotel and is very open air concept-y... big windows so you can see outside (you can sit outside too!) and low tables inside so you have a great view of the whole restaurant.. . Also, as for dress... we saw all kinds of things. People in jeans and t-shirts, people in fancy clothes (again, we were there during Happy Hour so a lot of people had come straight from work), and some people in cocktail dresses. The only thing I wouldn't recommend is dressing formally (suit, prom dress). It's not that kind of place.
Awesome. We will definitely going back!!
I have never been disappointed with this place. Their sangria and margs and sangria are awesome. The nacho torta is the bomb and the chips and guacamole is a must. If you like beer they have dos Equis amber on tap. Sitting out side on the patio is great if the weather is decent. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Great atmosphere, best guacamole around, and they even catered to my Paleo :)
Very impressed by the fish torta offered here. Plus, this place is open till 11pm, great choice if you just want a bite late at night.
It was my first time visiting Gallo Blanco today. I manage 3 apartment communities within walking distance and I'm thrilled to have discovered this gem! The house salad is absolutely fantastic with a non-traditional style and a flavor that flew off the charts! By recommendation, I also had the shrimp taco. Bravo! The overall feel, decor, art and vibe paired with locally grown produce and fantastic service from Darlene will have me coming back regularly along with my business contacts and friends!
Being in a hotel, many people may not think of Gallo Blanco when looking for a delicious, authentic Phoenix restaurant to eat at. But this is a huge mistake! Gallo Blanco hits all of these marks and more with its amazing food, eclectic atmosphere and focus on high-quality, local and sustainable food. . . Even now that I live in GIlbert, I am still bringing visitors to this restaurant all the time. Their guac is among the best I've ever had, breakfast is fantastic, totas are to die for and even their burger is brilliant. Their cocktails are also fabulous. Best Bloddy Mary in town, and their house Margarita puts many restaurant's higher end Margaritas to shame. And don't get me started on the Prickly Pear Margarita!. . If you are reading this debating what restaurant to go to. Stop the debate, get in the car, and go to Gallo Blanco
When first visiting Gallo Blanco in 2009, I would have definitely given it 3 stars. Service was very spotty and the HH was a lot more limited. Now, after visiting this place countless times for brunch, dinner and HH, I really do think it's an affordable, reliable and delicious destination that makes sense for a lot of different types of social situations - from a meal shared with my grandmother to a spontaneous HH with friends. As many reviewers have mentioned, happy hour is fantastic here, with tacos from $1 - $2.50 and great drink prices. Here are some of my favorite food and drink items (keep in mind that I'm a pescetarian, so meat didn't make it on the list!): . . *Agua fresca of the day w/ or w/o vodka. *Picoso (tequila, pineapple and jalapeno) . *Micheladas (make 'em bloody for a great hangover cure). *Bloody Marys (they make them with dill for an unexpected but fresh twist). *Elote (Mexican corn) with cotija cheese and cream . *Shrimp tacos (amazing, juicy shrimp) . *Chilaquiles (the sauce used to have chicken but they now offer a vegetarian version). *Chopped salad. . One other awesome bonus is that the bar will wrap up food to go if you'd like to take up to the roof. Get your drink in a plastic cup and you're all set!
Seriously delicious food and amazing staff. Egg torta is heaven.
Some of the best flavor combos you're gonna find in Phoenix metro can be had right here.  Best horchata ever. Great micheladas. Amazing corn on the cob w/ queso. Last night I had the pica rico burger since I've had the tacos before. It rocked. I just finished it for lunch leftover, and guess what? It rocked the next day even harder.  I love this place, they never disappoint.
So I was visiting some family in Phoenix and while I was here, I had a craving for some great Mexican food for lunch. I searched out this place on Yelp and it had decent reviews so I thought I'd hit it up. . . I was greeted warmly by the hostess who gave me the pick of the house for my preference and shortly after I was thanked and greeted by my server who offered a menu and drink request. I'm a total fanatic for good guacamole and carne asada so without even really looking at the menu, I ordered the guac appetizer and a carne asada burrito with jasmine rice.. . I'm originally from San Diego and of course we're completely saturated with a billion Mexican restaurants both chain and privately owned so it's definitely not my first rodeo so to speak. When you travel to different parts of the country, you will see many different interpretations of what constitutes "Mexican Food" both good and bad unfortunately and some just "different".. . When I got my food, I would say it's both "Different" AND "great"!!! The Guacamole had so many different flavors with some small chunks of Valencia Oranges and ripe Haas Avocados almost like a ceviche consistency. Delicious!!! When the burrito and rice arrived I took one bite and never wanted it to end. The meat was a well-seasoned rib eye steak that was so juicy and tender, I was so disappointed when it came to an end. . . The only thing that was better than the food was the service. Although I only ordered an Iced Tea, it's probably a good thing that I didn't order a margarita because the bus boy and server never let that glass get below half full before they were coming around the corner to refill it. Had it been a margarita, I would have been as sloshed as a boat captain of an Italian Cruise Ship in Greece!!. . I've got nothing bad to say about my experience here and if you do dive into the drinks, there's a hotel right next door so you can sleep it off gently into a Cantina Coma!!!
YES! This place is fantastic! Really good food, probably my favorite mexican in the city. The guacamole is righteous! I would recommend that and also the Carne Asada burrito. Cowabunga!
Prices were beyond reasonable and the carne asada beef torta was delicious. The two sauces they give you to put on the sandwich were not too spicy but full of flavor. I'm heading there for breakfast now lol.
Very great food!
People the world over have set aside Sunday as a time to fulfillreligious obligations in a church or a temple or whatever. I, too, devote Sunday to a spiritual undertaking of sorts. Brunch: the most important of all Sunday traditions, and Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite houses of worship.. . I begin my service with a holy communion of mimosas. I reflect on the salvation that the blood of distilled grapes and fresh squeezed flesh of oranges provides to me. . . Then the divine Huevos Rancheros speaks to me through a chorus of heavenly flavors. The housemade tortillas, perfect blend of cheeses, and spicy tomato sauce brings me to my knees in a prayer of thanksgiving.. . The saints that staff this wonderful establishment are very helpful and attentive. They are always happy to bring out an additional round of mimosas or to explain any menu item. . . I will religiously attend brunch at Gallo Blanco because their food is amazing, and the wait is not as bad as other brunch hotspots around downtown.. . Amen!
First timer & I must say what a find! When we got there the waitress was nice & even took the time to "tour" the menu with us. I ordered 2 carne asada tacos, one pork & one shrimp. They were amazing. I also had a tres leches for dessert. It was more like a shortbread style. But still good. All in all can't wait to come back!! Oh yea try the guacamole, great way to start your meal off right.
Carne Asada Beef Torta. Was fantastic  the chopped beef was flavored very nicely with the right kind of toasted bread. Not spicy, they supply condiment containers with that. Very well done. Friendly service.
Best Mexican food I have ever had!  We arrived early to Phoenix on way to airport and found this fantastic place in back of The Clarendon Hotel. My wife was Jonesing for Huevos Rancheros and she was more than satisfied. I had the beef burrito and it was out of this world! The fresh salsa was top notch. We had our boys and it is very family friendly as well as cool place to hang.  Service was friendly and right on the mark.  I would highly recommend this place, as I have traveled all over the world and this is best Mexican I have had.
What a delicious haven in phoenix. watermelon agua fresca was perfect. the chicharron de queso was delicious, its a huge grilled/fried piece of cheese. their tacos are absolutly perfect. the grilled veggies, quac, and salas. mostly local and organic, huge board on the wall saying where all their food comes from.
Gallo Blanco has the most delicious ceviche I've ever tasted in AZ. Portion size is plentiful and the chips are quality. I love the indie music selection it really adds to the vibe of Gallo Blanco. If I'm in the area I make it a point to visit.
Thefood was delicious!  There was a long wait to get a table on a Saturday night but I ordered one of the cocktails and didn't mind the wait because it was the best drink I've ever had!  I hope I can recreate it at home.  The atmosphere was very cool.  I'm looking forward to going Gallo Blanco again.
I have visited Gallo Blanco probably 20 times. I cannot believe I never reviewed them. . . First, I love the Clarendon Hotel. Everything about it. Colors, Art, Furniture, Pool, Roof- . . The restaurant has provided me with a neat experience each time as well. I am such a fool for those little seafood tacos (halibut is my fav). The guacamole is the bizz.. as are their carne asada burritos.. . I have ordered something new each time I have been, but make sure to have my dining partner try something I have been completely satisfied with previously. I usually find myself recommending to them whatever I had last time. . . Gallo Blanco: i am so sorry I neglected you for so long. Please accept my 5 stars? i swear I am not just being nice..
I have NEVER been disappointed by the food or service here. Another local spot that supports local agriculture and makes food from scratch and it tastes like it! You may have to wait but it is well worth the wait! Great Happy Hour menu also!!  . . Try the Ceviche! The drinks are amazing as well!
Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous, in the best possible way. I was in Phoenix to support a loved one when their father was passing away. Their father passed, it was our last night in a city, we were emotionally drained, completely unfamiliar with the city, and decided we were going to toast to the man we came to honor and have a good dinner. There was a review for the restaurant that said, as a local, he took out of towners and family there because it was the perfect representation of what Phoenix food was and how it should taste. . . With that, we ventured over to The Clarendon Hotel. If life ever takes me back to Phoenix I want to stay there; there being a mid-century modern, art covered reinvented boutique hotel in downtown Phoenix. I died a million deaths waiting to be seated, appreciating the perfectly stated atmosphere, not overdone or pretentious. It seemed as though one of the issues the older and more family oriented crowd had on Yelp was the ambience. My assessment was that there were a lot of late twenties - mid thirties patrons, some obvious out of towners of all ages, and two large dinner parties. The light is dimmer, the tiny bar is right next to the restaurant with a partial wall between us and the servers were dressed down and chill. I wouldn't not [gotta love those double negatives] take my children or an older couple there...it's not  Chuck E. Cheese's or Marie Calendar's...but it is also not a night club. Does that make sense? It's all good.. . When we were seated I immediately ordered their prickly pear margarita a la the prickly pear cactus. We're definitely in the desert, Toto. I initially disliked their menu since it was pretty much a la cart and I wanted a meal. According to Yelp and the server [who was nice] I had to try the tacos. I'm not really a taco person; tacos tend to be small and unsatisfying, but I took everyone's advice. When in Rome, right? I ordered a side of guac, jasmine rice with hooooot tomatillo salsa & four tacos: cochinita/braised pork, carne asada, halibut, and shrimp. Our server insisted we order the tres leches cake even though the orange cake sounded better [she said it wasn't all that great]. Okay...the only way I could ever describe this experience is: DANGEROUS!! Everything melted in my mouth and all the flavor danced atop my taste buds. I ended up ordering another round to eat there and another round on top of that for our friend who stayed at the hotel because the idea of her not tasting what we had tasted seemed like sin. I really cannot say enough good things about the environment and food. Don't walk, RUN ;D
OK, so hubby and I have been here at least 5 times and we've loved it every time. My favorite thing here? ELOTE!!! Corn on the cob. This is not your average corn. It's grilled - it's covered in Mexican cheese, probably some mayo, butter and spices. It's amazing, and totally worth the $5 it costs. I'm not kidding. I even ran home this last week and made hubby try to replicate the recipe on the grill. Oh, and the salad - Ensalada Cortada is really, really good. The tacos are fun and come out individually. Anyway, I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a unique food experience and interesting decor (apparently the men's urinal is something to talk about!).
I was planning on taking the love of my life somewhere new, and had wanted to try Matt's Big Breakfast for a long time. However I decided to take her here as they don't usually have a wait.  In the past I'd tried their breakfast burrito, and while it was fantastic I've never had a burrito that was so good that I felt I needed to sit down and brag about it on the internet.  . . Today our server recommended I try the Chilaquiles Verdes with chicken.  It's rare that food gives a life affirming moment but the second this bite touched my tongue I knew that everything in life was perfect.  The first bite was so awe inspiring that I worried eating the entire dish would prove overwhelming.  Thankfully this wasn't the case.  With each additional mouthful of this strange dish I tasted flavors that I didn't know existed. When I looked up into my girlfriend's eyes halfway through I saw colors that I had never seen before.  . . . When I finally finished and became aware of my surroundings again I realized just how much I loved this place. I will be coming back much more often now.
Light, sophisticated mexican food. Trendy, chic atmosphere, friendly, helpful service, reasonable dinner prices. It is located in the historic Clarendon hotel. Be sure to check out the roof deck on your visit as well as the story of Don Bolles' murder displayed in the hotel's hallway. . . My boyfriend has frequented this restaurant for many years and he finally introduced it to me a few nights ago. He always orders tacos and we decided to split a torta in addition.. . The Cochinita torta was fine. He enjoyed it more than I did. The meat is well seasoned and tasty and the avacado adds a nice creamy note. I found the bread to be a bit on the dry side. . . The really stand out menu items are the tacos. Very simple and light. The corn tortillas are fresh made, light, and airy and hold up well to the fillings. The cochinita taco again was well seasoned but mild and is garnished with fruit. My favorite taco was the carne asada beef. Oh my goodness it's amazing!!!! charred yet tender beef in the most amazing marinade. The complex flavor is somewhat sweet and tangy, yet robust. I can't wait to eat it again! . . I look forward to sampling some of their cocktails next time and my friend raves about their kale salad.
Since I was first introduced to Gallo by my best friend, it became our regular mid-week, catch-up & get away place. The food is good but my favorite are the drinks, specially the Bloody Micheladas. It's definitely I nice 'chill' place and if you get the benefit of being out there on a nice afternoon ask for your drink to be put in a plastic cup and take up to the roof top to enjoy a beautiful Phoenix sunset.. . I CAN NO LONGER KEEP THIS PLACE A SECRET! It's too awesome so I've been "sharing" with family & friends. The only issue I have here is I can never decide what to get!
Mexican food doesn't get any better than this!  I just left and can't wait to go back.  The service is also excellent.  I wish there was a bonus star.  5 stars is not enough to describe thus restaurant.  In deserves 6-10 stars.
If you can make it here for the happy hour -- you win. You get their AMAZING guacamole for $5 and you can snag some tacos for less than $2. . . I'm a veggie and I LOVE their vegetarian tacos, stuffed with seasonal vegetables: mushrooms, peppers, tomatoes, avocado. So good. During happy hour those babies are like $1.50 each..  they're small, so order 2-3.  My meat-eating friends are always satisfied. Gallo Blanco can get pretty packed after 4pm, so be prepared. Their agua frescas are SO delicious... and I've tried their version of the Moscow Mule (the Russe) and was not too impressed. I come for the tacos, not the cocktails.
Since the place and service are excellent, there are no words to describe the food.  Try the Seared Ahi Tuna Tacos and the Pozole, the best by far!
Stopped by Gallo Blanco Cafe as I heard they had a great Happy Hour and I was not dissappointed.  Not sure what more I can add with over 500 reviews here but what I can say is that the Taco's are delicious.  . . Tried one of each of their offerings, the Cochinita with Pork in a orange garilc sauce, Carne Asada made with Grilled Ribeye, Shrimp served with slaw & Guacamole and although they did not have the Halibut option we did get the Ahi Tuna.  I am used to Ahi raw and this one was cooked, probably to perfection, but next time I will request it rare.  All this goodness and all under $2 per Taco with the exception of the Ahi which I think was priced at $2.50.  . . The Made to order Guacamole with chips was a deal at $5 and all draft beers were $3 for happy hour.  . . A special shout out to our server Rebecca, she was terrific!
The Ahi Tuna Torta changed my life. Over 24 hours later and I still lust over every detail of it. . . From the star of the well spiced and seared ahi that was plentiful, the in house soft toasted white roll, spiced mayo and cabbage it was a divine mix of flavors and texture. All for less than $12. . . Enhancing this were two "salsas"  One was a thick roasted pepper red salsa, it has a good spice note and viscous texture that did not run off of chips. I could drink this. There was a green cilantro tomatillo one that was good but I am not a tomatillo fan.
This is my favorite place for tacos and guacamole. I can keep having them. The red and green salsa/ sauce are good too but beware of the red one if you could not handle the heat and spicy.
Three words: Ahi. Tuna. Torta.
This is our go-to restaurant.  Trendy and SOO yummy.  Must order...elote - Mexican corn.  They have happy hour EVERY DAY!  So the prices are decent.  They also have a breakfast menu, which is actually pretty good.
Attention, foodies!  This may be the best find I have ever made in Phoenix!  Dinner there last night was made from fresh, locally raised produce and meats.  The restaurant is inside the Hotel Clarendon just west of Central north of downtown.  We ate tapas and it included the best guacamole outside of my kitchen, corn on the cob with a steak knife to take the corn off the cob with, beef street tacos and more.  The menu is somewhat eclectic and that's what makes it so fun to try the chef's various dishes.  The seasonings and spices are nothing short of perfection.  I can't wait to take friends there!
We tried this restaurant for the first time over the weekend and I'm so happy we did. My boyfriend said the carne asada tacos were the best tacos he ever had in his life and I died over everything I ate. The fresh guacamole is to die for and they also bring out complementary salsas that add to the flavor of the entire meal (which I love). We could never find an open table because the place is constantly packed. After trying their food, we definitely know why.
Por favor...someone pass me a napkin.  My mouth is still watering!  . . This place has been on my list of "must try's" for quite a while.  A friend and I were meeting for lunch elsewhere, when we remembered Central was closed off for the Veteran's Day Parade.  Ok...so I do appreciate the Veteran's for all they have done...but I have to be selfish today and thank them for the parade, because without that, I wouldn't have ended  up at Gallo Blanco!. . Was a little busy for lunch, so we sat ourselves at the bar and ordered the most refreshing sangria I have had in a very long time, while we waited for our table. . . We were greeted by a very friendly server who brought us some ice water while we finished our sangrias.  We chose to start off simple with some Chips and Salsa.  Salsas.  Not spicy yet BOASTING of flavor! Smokiness...savory...just delicious!  I love the tostadas they use here as well, nice and thick!  I could have eaten just the chips and salsa as my meal!  . . I couldn't decide what to order and my friend told me that this place had some pretty bangin' carne asada.  I chose to heed her advice and I'm glad I did! I ordered the carne asada torta and HOLY GUACAMOLE!!!  The most tender and flavorful carne asada I've had while I've lived in Phoenix.  The torta was more like a tort-o-my-god!  Jam packed with carne, guac and love!  I pretty much shed a few tears when I was finished.  I kind of hoped I could do a twitch of my nose and make another oneappear, but that didn't happen.  I just looked like I was having a severe allergy attack or facial spasms.  :-(. . The ambiance is super trendy and fun.  A great mix of clientele from families, businessmen, and hotel guests (since it is in the Hotel Clarendon...super swanky!). . I can't wait to go back for Happy Hour and try some tacos and chips and salsa and sangria and these WICKED looking bloody mary's I saw walking around!  . . Viva el Gallo Blanco! Ahuuuuaaaaa!
Ay, que sabroso! Dinner was so awesome, my friend and I returned the next morning for breakfast. I visited Phoenix this weekend and enjoyed an incredible happy hour (La Paloma, which is El Jimador Reposado, Grapefruit Soda, Fresh Lime and Salt and another drink which was a play on a margarita). The drinks were refreshing and tasted of quality ingredients. . . We chose guacamole as an appetizer. It was definitely made with fresh avocados. It was slightly bland, but my perspective is a bit skewed because my sister in law is from Mexico and makes the most bomb guac in the whole wide world. Period. So I'll say that the guac at Gallo Blanco was good, but not as good as my cunada's. . . We ordered a plethora of tacos, including La Cochinita (local pork marinated in slow braised Achiote, garlic and guajillo), Carne Asada, Veggies, Fish (grilled tuna) and shrimp. . . The next morning, I enjoyed delicious coffee fresh from the press. I had the Torta with chorizo and avocado, my friend had the omelette and the pancakes. We were advised that the pancakes are incredible. I wasn't even going to try them because I normally detest pancakes. However, I caved and wound up stopping myself at the 5th bite. I don't know what they put in there (crack?), but those are some kick butt pancakes. . . I forgot to mention that the decor is very modern and trendy feeling. The soundtrack was definitely hip. Great date spot or ladies' happy hour!
I went here for dinner with a large party on a Sunday evening.  We had a reservation so we didn't have to worry about a long wait but we did have to wait until our entire party arrived to be seated which I guess is pretty normal.  The 20 or so minutes I had to wait for my entire party to arrive was more than enough to explore the Clarendon which might be the most hipster place I've ever been.  I didn't really fit in because I am pretty preppy but I don't care.  They could have made the place a bit nicer, but I guess that wasn't the look they were going for.  It still looks like a nicer motel that has been redone half-assed. . . My table shared a bunch of appetizers like the guac, grilled corn, and some sort of cheese dip thing that I forget the name of.  All were excellent.  They don't give you near enough guac tho for $7.  However, it was some darn good guac.. . For my entree I ordered the  1/2 Pollo Asado and it was tender, juicy, and delicious.  My only complaint is that it comes on a plate that is too small so it was a pain in the ass to eat and not make a complete mess of myself and the table.  I would order it again.  I also sampled the Chilaquiles and several tacos.  Everything was delicious.. . I especially loved the chips and salsa.  The red one in the bottle is perfect.  Not too spicy, not too watery, full of flavor...just perfect.  The chips were fresh, thick, and not greasy.. . Service was fast and friendly and they prices are reasonable except for the tacos and guac.  I can't wait to return.
Located in a charming old 60's style hotel at 3rd Avenue and Clarendon, south of Indian School Road, it's a funky location.  And the parking is a little hard to come by.   But . . . Hands Down, they make the best guacamole in the western hemisphere!   Order lots of it because it will be inhaled.  They don't take reservations but that's okay, because the bar serves up some fabulous alcoholic concoctions.  2 of our party ordered Cadillace Margaritas and they were so good they ordered 2 more.  I had a lime vodka-based martini.  Excellent.  All 5 of us ordered all manner of soft tacos; chicken, beef, chicken, and my favorite, seared ahi.  . . This is not your traditional Phoenix Sonoran mexican food.  It is lighter, fresher, tastier, and hand-crafted to be the best border-style food you've ever had!  . . The over-the-top part of our Wednesday evening included Flameno dancing in the room across from the bar which we could easily view from the dining room.   While this was not the traditional Flamenco we have vseen in southern Spain it was an aerobic version that was high energy and lots of fun to watch!
This place is awesome, and the atmosphere is super cool.  Every item we had off the menu was great.
Updated and still great....I took a break from putting up Christmas decor.  I was in the mood for a torta so I decided to pop by.  Since my last visit, the patio has been expanded with some sun shades.  Art and the interior also have some bright updating done.   The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The guacamole is great and still a highlight for me.  I ordered the Carne Asada torta.  The food was out promptly and the music provides a great eclectic and urban feel.  Happy hour deals are great and include some food items.
This place has quickly become one of our "must go" places to eat in Phoenix. From the food to the decor, this place is truly awesome! Definitely recommend all of the tacos, burritos, and burgers!
Went there today for the first time, sooooooo good!  Had the El Flaco Torta...UNbelieveable.  We brought our dog, and they let us eat on the patio (which is a little small, but well shaded!).  They even brought her a bowl of water without us asking!  Their chorizo is greasy but tastes fantastic...best I have ever had. Their drink menu looks very good...will definitely have to go back for happy hour!!
I LOVE this place. And that's a big deal for this girl because mexican food has never been my favorite. The first time my boyfriend and I ate here I was pleasantly surprised and happy.. . The service has always been top notch! Their happy hour menu is amazing and the portions are ginormous. My man and I are light eaters so we usually order a cocktail and share a few small random food items. I ordered their white sangria and it was very flavorful as well as refreshing. My man ordered their margarita and liked it so much he snagged another one before happy hour ended. Their chips and guacamole are easily the best I've ever had. That guacamole may have changed my foodie life. Seriously. We also ordered their Verduras de Temporada (the larger portion) and loved every bite. Its plenty big and was enough for my boyfriend and I to share along with the guacamole.. . I'm already looking forward to our next trip.
I was so impressed with our meals here! Our waitress (for dinner) and waiter (for breakfast the next day) were great, and the manager who was doing quality control was sooooo nice.  He came to check and make sure we were happy and ended up carrying a great conversation about their food and other Mexican places around the valley.  So great customer service for sure.  The food made it though, oh man we had a GREAT meal, the food was prepared so well, full of flavor, just perfect.  We ordered a lot, burgers, tacos, guac, elote, pancakes, tortillas, eggs, etc.  Everything was just awesome!! We will be back as often as we are on this side of town!!
I was never expecting to enjoy this place so much when I stayed at the Clarendon Hotel. Every time I visited phoenix, I had to stop here for breakfast before I went out and did anything. EVERYDAY. Not kidding. Really nice servers, and the prices are decent. Not to mention, every time I have ordered, nothing tasted pre-made or not fresh. I am a big fan, and I support Gallo Blanco and tell all my friends to try it for brunch if they are in phoenix. I put the verde salsa on everything! ha ha.
2 words- Naco torta. You won't be disappointed. Get the guac too. The citrus is a nice touch. If you're really lucky they'll have shrimp and grits as a special. Run, don't walk if they do. Throw in a fresca and call it a day.
Delicious cocktails, GREAT service and some of the best guacamole I've ever had. Seriously. Order the guacamole. Came on a Saturday night and only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table (which is awesome).
I took the fam here based off the photos other yelpers posted. Getting there was quick n easy considering its downtown, walked in to a 20 min wait, place was packed, so we had a couple drinks from the bar, bloody mary is what did me right, so good i had 2. finally sat down to eat, ordered the roasted corn, some guac with the chips, had all five of the tacos they serve, (pork one was my fav) enjoyed all of em even the veggie. my kids had a carne asada burrito each, they were nice sized burritos, mostly, a burrito is 90% tortilla n 9% of filling. yuck, not the white rooster, they hooked it up. after tasting the food. it was no wonder the place was packed on a tuesday nite, not to mention all day happy hour on tuesdays, woot!! this place is my new favorite place to chow n entertain taco-doodle doo!
Excellent food, from start (prickly pear Margarita, chips & salsa) to entree (fish taco, shrimp taco) to finish (tres leches cake).  Very good, quick service.
Everything I tried here was delicious. The tacos, the torta, the chilaquiles wow. I highly recommend their tacos my favorite are the shrimp ones. Service is okay depends who you get, but they try. The restaurant has local artists' art displayes which they told me changes every quarter.
Had chilaquiles verdes (chicken/sunnyside up eggs), shrimp ceviche, and chips n salsa n pico de gallo... All yum!! 3 others had their plate of cheeseburger, 1/2 pollo asodo, and fish taco  & some salmon plate- can't recall the name. All were very satisfied, I highly recommend if u like yummy food, good atmosphere, very helpful/friendly and  knowledgeable staff!!!
Haven't had a bad thing on the menu yet.  And surprisingly authentic!  Must try for the phoenix area.  I'm a regular.
Love, LOVE this restaurant. From the fact that they use local growers and meats, healthy ingredients, and recycled materials to decorate... to the nitty gritty: the taste of the food... this is for the price, hands down the best Mexican in Phoenix.. . Try the Naco Torta with a margarita. Absolutely divine. The carne asada has a sweet finish that melds so well with the hot salsa, you'll be having dreams about it.  Also deserving honorable mention is the ceviche. I have tried ceviche at every well-reviewed restaurant in Phoenix, and El Gallo's consistently comes out on top. The shrimp is uber fresh and perfectly seasoned - just the right amount of fresh lime and garlic. Huge chunks of crunch and fresh avocado - outstanding. . . The guacamole is also fantastic. I like to squirt a drop of El Gallo's home made table salsas on each scoop for an extra bang. But it's not needed as this guac is bursting with flavor.. . I've had excellent service on several occasions at El Gallo - some of the wait staff are truly top shelf, have the menu and all ingredients fully committed to memory, and care enough to describe and recommend. It's like getting 5 star service for a meal that will cost you less than $30 - ridiculous! Don't waste your time with other Mexican food in the valley - this is the ONE.
While staying at the lovely Clarendon, my husband and I dined at Gallo Blanco everyday, several times a day. Because we stayed for almost a week, we tried almost everything on the menu.This place is amazing, reasonably priced, and a must see if you are in Phoenix. Some of our favorites on the menu: elote callejero, carne asada tacos, ceviche, guacamole, chilaquiles verdes, and the pollo asado. Nothing we tried was anything less than delicious. Months later my husband and I both keep randomly saying, "I wish we were at Gallo Blanco!" I think it is safe to say that we will be back (every single day) when we return to Phoenix.
At a red light, in the sunshine, on a Sunday... I had the huevos rancheros accompanied by a Bloody Mary and a Kiltlifter. Everything was amazing and the prices were extremely satisfactory!! I will be back! Maybe every Sunday! :o)
I just love it here.  Their carne asada street tacos are divine, as is the guac, the corn, and I have actually contemplating "borrowing" one of the salsa bottles to bring home for the leftovers (but they do actually sell the liquid gold to go).  I wanted to update my review to acknowledge that they have Happy hour here every day from 3-6, ALL day Tuesday (which may be a limited time thing) and from 3pm-6pm on Saturday and Sunday which is my favorite.  I love a weekend happy hour.  The tacos are ridiculous for $1.75, guac is $5 and so are the spiked aguas.  Need I say more?
Best tacos in town, hands down.  Cool hipster atmosphere.
After hearing great things and sick of the usual Mexican food haunts I decided to take my date to Gallo Blanco Cafe. This, it turns out, was a great decision. One I will continue to make for years to come.. . Walking over the threshold of the door could just as well have been a porthole that transported me straight to downtown Mexico City. The restaurant had a cool comtemporary/Districto Federal feel to it that complimented the ultra-hip Hotel Clanderon it is attached to. The place was packed and it soon became apparent this was because it was a Wednesday and Wednesday's are Flamanco night! Now even though its not my thing I have to say I was pretty impressed by these dancers. . . While waiting for our table we sauntered over to the bar which was quaint but perfect for the setting. We both ordered the San Juan. A tasty concoction of Lime Vodka, Liquer 43, and Soda water, and lime juice (I was in love at first sip!). After a short wait our table was ready. For dinner I ordered the Half chicken, my date a steak torta, and for the table some guacamole. The first thing out was the guacamole and considering myself quite the guac snob I was immediately impressed. Light, zesty, and perfectly balanced! Another round of drinks ordered and dinner is served. My chicken was citrus marinated and came out with a sweet glaze that is still making my mouth water as I type. With tortillas on the side and eaten fajita style, it was delicious. Her torta, a grilled ribeye with cheese and salsa, was good but it was clear to both of us I was the delicious-dinner-winner tonight. . . Afterwards save some time to grab another cocktail and walk over to the retro pool or rooftop bar of the Hotel Clarendon. In Phoenix we are not exactly overflowing with cool rooftop spots so indulge while you can. Great view and quiet enough for good conversation. Overall, I couldn't have been more pleased so go check this gem out. Preferably on Flamanco night. (thank me later)
Wow, just wow. This place was amazing. The atmosphere was incredible, and the food... YUM! I will definitely be coming here over and over again. It seemed like a very popular place and now I know why! Amazing amazing amazing.
Everything I've had has been great.  The service sometimes is a little rough but all in all, whether large groups or my daughter and I; we always have had a great time.
Taco Tuesday!!  The shrimp tacos are so, so delish!  . . I took a friend to The Vig this past Tuesday evening and as soon as we sat down, I remembered Gallo Blanco!  I begged him to leave so we could go have shrimp tacos but we didn't have time.  NEXT TUESDAY FOR SURE!!!
Shrimp Tacos!!!!  Ya, Baby!  Told you I would be here this Tuesday!!!
Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite places in Phoenix. Great food, drinks, atmosphere and service. Plus they have Flamenco dancers on Wednesday nights, which is so fun to watch. I haven't had anything I didn't like here, but would definitely recommend the roasted chicken, the chilequiles and the tacos. Also, start out with the citrus guacamole! For drinks, go for the salty dog or screwdriver, they used fresh squeezed juice and its so good. I don't have a single bad thing to say about Gallo Blanco, except that I wish it was closer to my house!
I've been here multiple times, and I've never been disappointed.  The last time I went here was after a particularly disastrous outing at The Tuck Shop after they gave our table away.  I went here as my dependable backup, but that in no way should impugn the food.  The food is always great.  Favorites of mine include the pica rica burger, and their tacos.  I always finish off the meal with a key lime tart as it is absolutely heavely here.  I've converted a few people from key lime haters to lovers with its magical powers.  Add in the fact that they've got great drinks for alkys (Guerra Blanca) or tea tottlers alike, and this place is a home run.  Add in the great, romantic atmosphere at the pool or up on the roof deck, and this place is a grand slam.  To overuse my weird baseball thing, I'd double time it back here anytime.  Love you Gallo blanco, you're forever in my heart.
One of the better Happy Hour places around. Incredible prices on the street tacos and they're damn good too! Been there a handful of times and always return when we're in the area. Trying my best to schedule a weekend staycation at the Clarendon with the wife for sometime now. It has a gorgeous pool, and with the Gallo Blanco Cafe & Bar attached it would make for a very nice getaway.
Mmmmmm! I love their breakfast burrito! Although I cannot finish it because of it's mammoth size I will return again and again. Don't forget to order some Gac+Chips! THE BEST!
Have not been here for quite a while, still very busy for lunch. The restaurant part is very nice but the hotel is kind if sketchy. Favorite items are the Naco Torta, Carna Asado Street Taco and the Guacomole with chips. Don't remember the grilled ribeye on the Naco Torta being sliced up so small, I prefer it in larger strips as before. Still one my favorite places to eat and take out of town guest for something with the unique taste of AZ. Not the normal Mexican Food, has a lot more character.
the Naco Tort as are so yummy
Wow. I love this place. I want to eat here every day. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, lather, rinse, repeat.. . A group of 12 of us went here after a show at The Torch Theatre. It was almost 10pm, and we made a reservation. We had to wait a few minutes for everyone to arrive, but we were seated pretty quickly. Even with a big group and a busy time, the service was pretty good. I expected slower service, so color me impressed!. . The food! Amaze-balls. Had a shrimp taco and quesadilla. If I were there for a normal meal time, I probably could have eaten more. The prices are inexpensive enough that you could order 2 or 3 tacos and still get a great deal. Their guac was also exceptional! I was really blown away, and I do not say that lightly. I really loved it! . . They serve breakfast all day and night too- a couple friends had pancakes and said they were really good. So see, I have to go back. Hmm... maybe right now...
One of my favorite Mexican restaurants!. I've been here several times, but haven't tried too many things as it's so hard to stray away from my faves. I absolutely love their chilaquiles, they're amazing stacked with cheese, green chile sauce, and a runny egg. Some of the best pancakes I've had are from here, they're made with sour cream and are light, fluffy, and amazingly good with real maple syrup. Their tacos are awesome too, and are a good deal on Tuesdays. Don't miss their guac either, it's made to order and stands out due to the citrus flavor.
I've had the pleasure to visit this place about three times now, and It hasn't disappointed me at all. . Firstly, amazing colors through out the place, such lovely and joyful decor. Secondly, what freakingly amazing tacos!! The cochinita pibil is one of my ultimate faves, with the carne asada very close to a tie!! Thirdly, the cocktails!! Oh my! The muy buena Paloma Cocktail!!! . But seriously, this place is great, I cannot emphasize enough how terrific this cafe is.. I really adore and admire Gallo's style and taste in food, it's truly amazing, and closer to the actual modern food in Mexico, at least very similar to the South Central style..  You won't see the overplayed cheese and beans plate here, no sir!  That's what makes me love them more, how they steer more into the actual True Mexican dishes, with a bit of a slight twist but still about the same in extraordinary flavors.
Ay Caramba!!! Love this little hidden place!!! Love the sangrias, especially for happy hour. The guacamole is yum! and the tortas!! ohh the tortas!!! Highly recommended. Try them all!! The elote for appetizer is DELICIOSO too!  On Wednesday nights they have a Flamenco show and it is lovely!!! It's like taking a little break from the routine and just experience something different. Every time someone from Miami or Ecuador comes to visit me in AZ, I take them there so they can experience something nice and it won't break my budget. =)  Warning: Be careful with those sangrias, either I am very light weight or those 3 sangrias were too strong, 'cause I was out !!! =) OLE!
So mother freaking good! i am basing this almost entirely off the breakfasts. During the 5 days i was there, i think i tried almost everything on the breakfast menu between what i ordered and what my buddy got. Firstly, the flaco torta is freaking amazing! best breakfast menu item for sure. also the el campo omlet is amazing also, they use goat cheese in it and it really makes a difference. . . The prices are very fair for the quality of the food and the service is filled with smiles. the only negative thing i have to say is that the service was extremely slow sometimes (40min once from when we sat down til we got our food) whether its due to being short staffed or whatever, it happened. though they were nice about it and apologized. . . The burgers are great and the few things i tried from the dinner menu was very good. Definitely definitely give this place a try.
So we saw this restaurant being reviewed on Check Please AZ program and my hubby and I decided to check it out.. Totally enjoyed the ambience, casual, hip and friendly not up tight as some trendy new places can be..We started with the Chicharron de Queso, YUM! Fried cheese, need to say more?! We also had the side of guacamole and chips also very fresh and tasty. My hubby had the Naco Torta, which had aguacate avocado), carne asada, some veggies all topped off with a sunny side up eggs on a telera type bread (Mexican torta type bread)! He loved it! It was quite a large serving and he had to take half of it home. I had 2 Carne asada tacos and 2 cochinita (marinated pork) tacos! LOVED the Carne asada-drooling! The cochinita were very tasty too but I'm an Asada meat lover! Didn't get dessert because we where stuffed..I was a bit dissapointed with my Mojito, it tasted more like an unsweetened lemonade! But that can be easily forgiven with such yummy food! Definitely will be making this a favorite!
Excellent and kindly service. Family friendly, authentic and delicious pozole. Authentic Mexican food with a nouveau cuisine spin. The ceviche is fresh and the beans freshly cooked. Very creamy Mexican flan drizzled with real dulce de leche. Been coming here for two years; it never disappoints. Dinner/happy hour is very busy, great for socializing, but not an intimate setting. Patio seating perfect in late spring! Appetizers are $2 during happy hour. Waiters are constantly removing empty dishes and refilling water. Come hungry-hungry!
Amazing food. We loved it. Service was not good. Wait time was a lot, however, it was all worth it. I highly recommend this place. We went on a Sunday and it was busy still. So I'm not sure what a friday night is like. If you can on a friday, I would hope they have more people who are taking orders and coming to tables.
Okay, so I've been back since and I've changed my mind. The food is still amazing, and the last time I went there, I got a different server and the service was wonderful... And there's always a ton of people who aren't the servers running around and making sure your happy. I had an endlessly full water cup, which was awesome cause it was seriously hot. Phoenix, man.. . Anyway, I had the fish on special and it was peeeerfect. On top of some carrots that could use a little bit more cooking, but I think it had beets in it? As a russian, it's nice to see beets. I like beets. Love them. (God, I really hope it was beets!). . Seriously, they got their game in order. Go Gallo (pronounced Ga-yo). White cock. Hilarious! :)
Every time I go to Gallo Blanco Cafe I am amazed at the flavor of there dishes. Today I had the veggie Chilaquies Verdes OMG this dish rocks.
This is THE place I tell everyone to try in Phoenix.  I am obsessed.  I think 'trendy' is the best way to describe the hotel and this restaurant.  It's pretty much the first comment from any newcomer that I bring here.  . . Food is fantastic and the price is right.  The shrimp tacos are the best i've had in Phoenix.  The ahi tuna tacos (When they have them) are fantastic.  The pork belly tacos (also limited selection) are good.  The guacamole is great.  The elote callejero is something you must order every time you go here.  Seriously. . . The woman and I can get 2 apps, 2 beers and 6 tacos for less than $40.. . Just go.  Seriously.
I love Gallo Blanco. I make it a point to bring out-of-towners to brunch. The food is great, relying heavily on local farms and businesses including Lux Coffee (yum!). Great flavors, including some of the best Carne Asada I've ever had.
Several months after walking out of Gallo Blanco I cautiously returned and was very pleased to find a totally differentatmosphere.. . * Cheerful, attractive and helpful host?                Check!. * Efficient, attentive and pleasant staff?               Check!. * Great food and comfortable atmosphere?       Check!. . Nice work.
Happy hour everyday! Fresh squeezed margaritas! The most delicious asada tacos around. The pollo asado is also delicious! Always get some ahi aioli sauce because it is good on everything! The guac has some sort of citrus that makes it delicious!
Having spent my career in restaurants and hospitality I am thrilled when I'm blown away by the food at a new place and an owner that "gets it". The owner (restaurant is separate from the hotel, which made sense when I found out I couldn't sign anything to my room) and his partner clearly know what they are doing and understand both food and service. The shrimp, grilled rib eye, marinated pork and fish tacos are the best I've tasted. The rib eye burrito and Pico Rico burger with fire roasted chiles are off the chart (yes I had three meals there), and the flan was like none I've ever tasted (and before tasting it I wasn't necessarily a big fan of flan). It's apparent that a lot of time and energy went into making the recipes for all of these dishes. The staff is young and up beat without being obnoxious or pretentious. They were all friendly but I have to give a shout out to Natasha and Rebecca made me feel so welcome that other than the food they were part of the reason I kept going back. Again, this goes back to these guys and hiring right.. . Thank you guys....well done!
Tacos are delish!!
I can't believe I have never reviewed this place, because I go there all the time. It's the best option when you are in the mood for fresh, gourmet mexican food in a hip environment. The mexican-style corn on the cob is delicious, as are the tacos and quesadillas. I would suggest getting some horchata as well. It is nestled inside the Clarendon Hotel, a cool boutique hotel with awesome decor and lots of history (check out the wall by the bathrooms which explains the story of a carbomber who tried to bomb the hotel in the 70's). A great place for any occasion - first date, casual night out or a big group.
I just...can't even express how fantastic this place is. It's quite hyped up in the downtown community and for good reason. The food is excellent, fresh and predictable. The salsas are amazing - it would be money well spent just to order the chips and guacamole with a side of those red and green salsas!! There has been more than one joke cracked about hiding a bottle in my purse to take home.. . The atmosphere and service are fantastic - especially fun on flamenco nights. It's definitely a noisy place sometimes, and it's likely that there will be a wait to be seated on many nights. It's never been a bother, though, because the bar serves up an amazingly fresh margarita and none of the staff ever seem flustered.. . My favorite thing to order is the carne asada burrito. The meat is packed with flavor and it's never tough, chewy or grisly. Always super tender and delicious. Gallo is a great place to enjoy with friends, family or a loved one!
This place is scrumptious. I've really never strayed away from the vegetarian chilaquiles (which are pure heaven), but I've tasted all of my friends' choices and everything has been mouth watering. They've also got delicious sangria and and other drinks as well, not to mention the restaurant venue is lovely and the service is wonderful!
Amazing! Excellent customer service, great atmosphere, and the food was wonderful! I had the ensalada del inca : hands down the best salad I've ever eaten in my life! Add some chicken and orange slices to it, and you'll be in heaven. My boyfriend got the juevos rancheros and he said they were the best he's ever had. Definitely a recommended place to get some good Mexican food!
Delicious Tacos, salsa, and wide variety of cocktails. The carne asada torta was simple, yet unbelievably good.
5 stars for having vegan options and supporting local! And, sometimes the wait can be long, which I like because I can relax by the pool. Awesome. Oh oh oh, I love that they don't use lard or put dairy in their guac. 5 starts, 5 stars!!!
I've eaten here a few times for brunch and thought it was delicious. Today, I took my team from work for our team outging----what a great experience!! We had a party of 9 and everyone was very very pleased. They don't take reservation on Fridays but I called ahead and they had our table ready when we got there. Our server was very friendly and did a great job with our orders. Our drinks were refilled as soon as they were empty. The food came out with perfect timing and tasted wonderful. There menu is not the biggest but there is someone for everyone. The guacamole is to die for. I believe most of their food is locally grown and organic. The prices are unbelievable compared to most restaurants in the area. I would definitley recommend this place for dinner,lunch, happy hour or brunch!
The egg torta is the best. Trust meeeee! Also, get extra of the green salsa. It is very refreshing, a bit tangy and only mildly spicy. The red one is ok. . . If you like corn on the cob, get the elote here. It's loaded with good stuff.
There are only 620 reviews, so I guess this gem needs another one.... . I am based in S. California, but come to Phoenix for business several times per quarter. I typically dine alone, so I really do not care about atmosphere or even service. I really want good and unique food. But, Gallo Blanco gives you all three and they do so consistently. . . The Agua Fresca that I had (Cantaloupe) tonight was really good and went well with the 5 tacos I ordered. While I tend to stick to the tacos (they are really good), everything coming out of the kitchen looks great.. . Gallo Blanco is the best Latin (New) place in North America!
Fanatic funky place. It's dive-ish but great. The food is wonderful, drinks are tasty. Located in a building with a hotel sorta off the track. Highly recommended.
Quite excellent food and drinks. I went for happy hour and got two tacos for only $6 total, and boy they were good! Their drinks are also quite good, the other members of my party got fantastic white sangria and I purchased their prickly pear margarita which is one of the best I've ever had. This is a definite go to for awesome happy hour food and drinks. My new Favorite.
Whenever there's a special occasion worth celebrating, we always default to this place. Why? That's because it feels like we're splurging even though we're really not. (Okay, okay, maybe "payday" isn't that special, but you get the idea.) All their specials are always delicious, there's nothing bad that we've ever had, and just the layering of flavors and the presentation is mouth-watering. We always get whatever fish taco they're having for that day, and maybe a torta, and always our staple elote corn and the guacamole. Price-wise, it's just right, and for what you get, it's quite the smoking deal. Love this place, and one of our go-to favorites.
Everyone loves this place - here's another yay Gallo Blanco review. . . For Gluten-Free eaters, this place passes. Veggie tacos - guacamole - freshly sauteed local vegetables. . Delicious. . . Plus you will feel cool sitting there. Lot's of great artwork on the walls. The sweet man of mine and I loved it all
Yes, it's as good as everyone says. Both the shrimp and fish tacos were fresh and flavorful. They put a nice spin on the guacamole too. I'm going back next week and can hardly wait.
Gallo Blanco doesn't need another glorious review, but it certainly deserves another. The atmosphere of this place is just really cool, and the menu is full of delicious-sounding choices. I settled on the corn and a couple of tacos, with pork and shrimp. Overall, the food was delicious and presented in a great way. This was my best meal on my visit to Phoenix - very impressed!
Not going to spend a lot of time here - the rating speaks for itself. This place has THE BEST carne asada ever. So flavorful!  I would recommend getting the burrito without the beans though - I don't think they work well together!
Guacamole is awesome, other food is great!  Drinks are fun and delicious.  Great atmosphere!  LOVE this place!
So this is why I never liked tex-mex and Mexican food. Becasue I have never been here!! Seriously, f*ckig amazing tacos. The tortillas are obviously handmade and fresh. The ingredients are soo fresh and well flavored. We got eight different tacos and the bill was only 26 dollars or so. You need to go and redefine what you think tacos are.
Delicious!  This place is great...everything is so fresh and tasty.  Salads are excellent and you can't beat the tacos.  Great drinks and food!  Love it!
Dang! This place is good.. We stayed at the adjoining hotel for a couple of nights recently. The long line of locals queuing up to use this restaurant gave us our first clue that this was something special.. . Breakfast of Saturday and Sunday is served up to 1pm and we took advantage to try their breakfast. Recommended by the waitress we tried the Chilaquiles Verdes with Chicken and had the Elote Callejero as an appetizer. Both were fantastic. Washed down with a great Bloody Mary, this place set us up well for the whole day.. . Wonderful
Gallo Blanco IS a wonderful place. I tend to be quite skeptical when it comes to 'Mexican' food, but is was such a surprise to learn that 'Mexican' food can be delicious after all. I guess they're so good because everything's freshly made and the ingredients used are first class. Highly highly recommended. We visited 3 times last week and everybody was happy. Great salad selection, great tacos, wonderful burritos, really everything we tried, and we tried a lot was a pleasure.. . After so much praise can there be any negatives, ok, it can get quite noisy inside. This seems to be kind of a trend that designers of restaurants don't think about acoustics anymore. So, if you'd like to actually talk in normal levels with your friends, go out to the patio! That's the end of the negatives ;). . It's a hip and happening, one could almost say it's a happy place. Definitely coming back!
Never had a bad experience. The guacamole is so good and a little different of the typical boring guacamole sold in the many Mexican restaurant in town. My favorite is the Naco torta. I usually go there for lunch and the service is pretty fast. Definitely a must!
We went there for the first time Wednesday 9-25-13. It was incredible. My hubby who is 63yrs young said it was the BEST burger he has ever had in his life, and he has eaten quite a few...... I had the breakfast that is served all day and it was perfect. Chips and salsa were our starters with home made to order salsa that will knock your socks off. We will be back for sure and bring friends. YEH!!!!
Excellent food!. .  I love everything about this place, the salsas are so tasty, the micheladas, elotes callejeros, all their tacos, carne asada torta, the chilaquiles,steak & eggs etc!
Had never heard of this place before, and probably would never had had an opportunity to try it if I hadn't been meeting with someone in the office building across the street.  He suggested it for lunch, and I'm really glad he did.  . . I had the Asado salad, which I can't say enough good things about.  The guacamole is some of the best in town, and this is Phoenix, where they know how to make it.  I will definitely remember this place the next time I'm around that area during lunch.  Can't wait to try something new.
The best, seriously I think my family and I went there many Sundays in a row. The Guacamole is the best, the Tacos, Everything! I have never been disappointed. I like the choice for the Micheladas, with just plain lime juice or bloody. The drinks are great my cousin had a mimosa and it was fresh squeezed orange juice.
Loved it! loved it! loved it!  No, I really loved it.. . Took my lovely little girls there for lunch in the big city and based on Yelp recommendations, decided to check ths place out.  So happy I did.. . Started with chips and salsa.. Perfect.. . Had carne asada burrito.. Perfect - especially with the stuff in the squeezy bottles!. . Kids had burrito and quesadilla.. Perfect.. And, FREE!!!!  Can I tell you how much I love free food?  Right there on the menu, typed in so they can't change it, and no asterisks, it says that kids under 10 eat free. Everyday.  And it was all day happy hour, so my little family of $3 dined out for $10. Shut the front door.. . Needless to say, I will be back. Many times.
This Place is amazinggggggg. I used to come here every Wednesday night for Flamenco Wednesdays with Flamenco Por Vida.. The restaurant is divided into two parts and I have sat and enjoyed both sides. However I prefer being as close to the stage as possible.. Their steak tacos are to die for. Although they are small the marinade is just delicious, the meat is always tender, juicy and full of flavor, no cheese, sourcream, salsa, or lime is necessary.. Their Steak Torta is also amazing the bread/bollilos is always perfectly toasted with butter and fresh. Their burritos are decent, but are nothing compared to their steak tacos and tortas.. Also I can't believe I am saying this, but their salad Zamorano is amazing as well. I would have never thought of making a salad with corn nuts, lime, grilled Zamorano cheese, but it somehow it works, beautifully.
Wednesday nights are a must go ! The dancers are amazing !! This place is so awesome can't wait to go back ! Yummy yummy food too ! :) excellent servers !!
Great atmosphere, street tacos, guacamole and drinks. Perfect for happy hour or a dinner with big group of friends.
Going in, my initial impression was, hmmm nice and artsy, bet the food will be tiny portions and the price very ridiculous. Was.I.Wrong.. True Gallo Blanco (literally, "white rooster" I guess?) Looked upscale, hip, with walls decorated with artwork, modernistic furniture and lighting to set the overall mood and atmosphere. But after having gone to many cheesy hole in the wall "authentic' barrio-type Mexican restaurants which by the way I do love, the Mexican fare at this place was near perfect. Posole-definitely my favorite. The tacos I ordered were cochinita (pork), fish, and the de rigueur carne asada-good as well. . We enjoyed people watching too. This was right next to the Clarendon Hotel where we happened to be staying at. My teenage daughter did notice the GLB crowd for both the hotel and the restaurant but we were so cool with that. . The best thing and the biggest surprise was--- the perfectlyreasonable prices for the food! The large bowl of posole was something like 8.00. One cochinita taco was somewhere around 2.60(?), for example.. They also have a good alcoholic beverage list, as well as nonalcoholic ones such as free as, Mexican hot chocolate, sodas, etc. . All in all a great place to go on a date, a business meeting, or just need to unwind and enjoy the artsy ambiance.
Last night was my first time there.  I had heard a few good things about it so I decided to go.  We sat on the patio which was great and it only got better from there!  Through some conversation with our server, Dre, I found out that not only was she a big time foodie like myself, however she was VEEY passionate about this establishment....... So, I closed my menu and asked her to choose for me as everything on the menu looked great.  Well, no surprise, I was not disappointed.  I had the chicken and my friend had tacos... UNBELIEVABLE and did I mention the guacamole and roasted corn???.... OFF THE HOOK!  ... Not to mention great character... A FABULOUS evening!
Wednesday nights are a must go ! I absolutely love this place ! It's super cool inside , modern nice ! The food is very yummy I loved it and the dancers complete the night ! Dim lighting is perfect, not too dark :)
As GM of a hugely successful restaurant,  it is with great appreciation I applaud Dre and her teammates.  My daughter is very ill with limited eating options.  Dre made us feel the menu was written for her, not adapted.  The team was attentive and food exquisite.  Our new fave place..... thank you!
I enjoy coming to Gallo Blanco for lunch.. The food here is excellent. I am Mexican and I don't consider this traditional per se.. It definitely has traditional Mexican picks but the way it's prepared and put together is a more modern take on some of my favorites. The guac is amazing! They add citrus bits which gives it an extra zingy taste, tacos are tiny but delish; I would eat them as an appetizer and not a meal. The pozole needs work, it is quite bland and could use some love. Service is always great, drinks are always full, and I never have to wait any more than 15 minutes for a table now that they have extended the seating area.
I give this place 5 stars because their shrimp and fish tacos are just awesome!! They are two must tries if you come. The corn on cob was good as an appetizer, except that I would rather it covered by less cheese. . This place is a cool place to hangout for a brunch, would definitely recommend it.
Great food, excellent service. Had the carne asada burrito. Have not had carne asada like that before and I have to say it was fantastic. The guacamole was amazing.
I seriously think this might be the best deal in town. Happy hour mix n match tacos are unreal, and margaritas on the rocks with the guacamole is amazing. Considering what you get for this price, we went back multiple times. Staff was great, recommendations were spot on, and cleanliness was good. Had to wait a few minutes to be seated, but only because we were wanting to sit out on the patio. We will go here every time we hit Phoenix. Thank you!
I started off the with chips and guacamole and the guacamole is absolutely delicious. It has orange slices and topped off with cotija cheese - yum! The chips were a little too crispy for my taste but still not terrible. It is made to order so I was able to get it without the onions. . . Mike was my server and was absolutely wonderful. Made great recommendations and made sure I was happy. Had the grilled shrimp taco and the carne asada taco. The slaw on the shrimp taco was perfect and was topped off with some of that wonderful guac. The carne asada was cooked perfectly and was very delicious. . . Definitely has a great vibe and I cannot wait to visit again!
Best carne asada burrito in town. Plus the red hot sauce/salsa is amazing and addicting. If you eat here, be sure to order the fresh guacamole. When you are finished eating you can grab a drink from the bar and hang out by the pool or chill out on the roof deck above the hotel.
I'm a big fan if this place! The restaurant, the outdoor. patio and the bar is 5star all the way. I usually have. 1 breakfast and 1 lunch or dinner per week. The menu is pretty straight forward and I think I've had everything on it with praises for it all. I also recommend spending the nite at the adjoining. Clarendon Hotel especially when you get a $49. Groupon. Btuc49
Best Tacos in town!! They have great variety menus with all day breakfast! Chilaquiles Verdes must try as well!
I'm not even sure why I'm writing a review since the amazingness of this place is not in question buuuut.... . Holy crap.. . Bloody Mary's are outstanding.. Guacamole is so tasty.. . The fish torta is maybe the best sandwich in the valley. Fresh, amazing flavors.. Even the bread is vibrant and yummy. . . Who's hungry??
Love the food and the coffee here.  Everything always tastes terrific no matter what I order.  Most of the staff is awesome and provide great service an help each other out with a smile on their face. They have a great patio for outside dinning also.
Gallo Blanco is a great addition to The Clarendon Hotel.  Locals and out of towners alike can enjoy both the hotel and the restaurant.  (and if you let the hotel know you're a local they will give you a 10% discount - my favorite staycation spot!) . . Gallo Blanco is the perfect place to go with your family or friends for breakfast on the patio on a beautiful day. It's also a fun date night with your special someone and great for girls night out at the same time.  Very versatile. The decor is entertaining (the ladies lips shaped men's urinal I've heard about? hilarious!)  . . Let's talk about the food, shall we?  The Naco Torte is my favorite sandwich anywhere in the entire Valley!   If you want healthy options, you can try the oatmeal for breakfast or the shrimp tacos for dinner.  mmmm (I just salivated a little writing this...)  There's a key lime tart not on the menu that is ah-maz-ing!  . . On to the drinks now. Grab a drink and go hang by the pool or in the rooftop. For the non-alcoholic drinks, you must try the agua frescas. So fresh and delightful.  This is also the place to go for a little day or evening drinking because their cocktails are very tasty -  go for "El Ruso" or "El Julio" - my favorites!  (we even recreated them at home, but definitely not quite as good).  Happy hour is 3 - 6 and the prices are great.   Can't beat this delicious food, great ambiance and cool place!
Was working in the neighborhood and seen all the good reviews and had to check it out. Was well worth it. Had the pork burrito and it was fenominal. The guacamole was made when you order and was great. I will be back.
Took the light rail six stops and a 1/2 mile walk from downtown Phoenix. My first yelp well deserved by Gallo Blanco. . . Guac with oranges lotsa cilantro and perfectly salted is so yummy.. . Great recommendation for the spicy muddled tequila  drink. . Thanks to my rockin waiter for Recommending the chicken and veggie chilaquiles was the best I've ever had evaaaa!. . And perfect services.
I heard rave reviews from some locals about this place. I generally try to stay away from hotel restaurants but this place is admittedly different. The food, the culture, the ambiance - it's all great. I had a chicken burrito which has a spicy aioli sauce. The burrito was great, the service was excellent.
Folks I normally go out with finally agreed to try this out after a few prior suggestions.  None of us were disappointed either by the food, service or ambiance.  I had the fish tacos and I recall that someone else had the salmon and our plates were cleaned.  Will definitely return and perhaps enjoy the patio.
I think Gallo Blanco has one of the best happy hours in the valley. Affordable drinks, yummy fish tacos (and some vegetarian options) I've only been a handful of times but so far so good!
The food at Gallo Blanco was outstanding.  We have eaten there for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  All the meals have been great.  I know learned of all day happy hour on Tuesday and I am hooked.  This is a great place to eat,  my favorite by far is the salmon.
Stopped in here one night right before Christmas.  . . Short and sweet:. . Margaritas - very good (and huge by the way). . Tacos - awesome. . Guacamole - excellent. . Service - 5 stars. . Love this place!  If you haven't gone here you are missing out on a great little place here in Phoenix.
