Fabulous BBQ.  Before this joint, the best BBQ I have had was a tie between a place in Raleigh, NC and the shack on Corpus Christi Naval Air Station in TX.  Very authentic, not too smokey but just right.  The beans were nothing short of incredible.  Next time I will be trying the jalapeno cole slaw.  I certainly hope business is good for them because it is downright impossible to find reasonably priced, authentic bbq in Vegas.  Good advertising having the smokers in the parking lot or else I would never have known it was there.   Only suggestion I would make would be to add more sides such as collards, etc.
The BEST Bar B Que place in Las Vegas, Hands down!! The meat was so tender and juicy. Pretty much perfect! This is Vegas NOT down SOUTH but this will def compare to some southern Bar B Ques. No I havent ate at 38 bar B Que places (Seeing as its horrible for you and good way to get huge) but out of the few I have in Vegas I will never go back to any except for this one. The Pulled pork was the best I have had in Years. DEFFFFF need to try this place.
My quest for excellent non-chain restaurants continues, and finding this one was a happy accident.  There are large smokers in the parking lot which is originally what drew our attention to the place.  Usually we find our gems from Yelp, but this time it was a drive-by (or I should say that I find places on Yelp as the bf is in the food industry and like many industry people has a baseless grudge against Yelp).  . . Since i am not a huge meat eater what I really care about are the sides.  The sides were amazing.  Which is great because a lot of times at BBQ places the focus is on the meat only and the sides are kind of an after thought.  The peach cobbler was insanely good.  And I have been dreaming about the loaded mashed potatoes since I had them.  I also had the mac n cheese.  The waiter (who I assume is also one of the owners since he thanked us about 20 times for coming in) recommended the mac n cheese.  Listen if you can't execute a delicious mac n cheese you should throw yourself off a bridge.  It's macaroni, cheese, cream and bake.  It was really good but I was more impressed with the other sides that are nonstandard and were amazing.  On my next visit I plan on trying the banana pudding.    . . It does have its advantages and disadvantages, depending on who you are.  It is right down the street from the Rhino - a disadvantage to me, but an advantage to any dirt-bags.  The parking lot is kind of sketchy, again a disadvantage to me, but like home to dirt-bags.  The BBQ sauce is really peppery.  I personally like milder sauces and I am not a big meat eater, but I could still appreciate the execution of the sauce and that it was made in house.  I am not used to eating smoked meat so was a little concerned that the chicken looked pink, but the bf explained to me that that is how smoked meat should look that has actually been smoked in a smoker and not just marinated in smoke "flavor".  All the meat was very tender, but the sauce was a little too intense for me.  That being said I was more than happy to stick with the sides.
Best BBQ I have had in Las Vegas. The pork was perfectly smoked and tender. The sauce was awesome and unique, this place blows everywhere else away.
You have got to be kidding me!!!   I didn't think I could find good bbq in this town, but this place is so, so awesome.  We had bbq like this in the midwest and who would have thought it would come to LV?  Forget the famous chefs.  The location is not exactly ritzy, but the food is great.  They could use a TV or 2 in there, but the brisket and pulled pig are fantastic and I love the jalapeno cole slaw.
Serve me up some smoky, tender pork slathered with some of the best tasting barbeque sauce I have ever had (including the Scott's BBQ sauce I order from North Carolina!) at a ridculous low price.  Throw in a friendly little hostess/server and a greeting on my first visit from Chef Tim, the master smoker himself.  Then hide your restaurant next to Spearment Rhino and I just may be a customer for life!. . I heard about Rollin Smoke through word of mouth and looked it up on Yelp only to see it had amazing reviews.  I have to join the bandwagon.  Chef Tim has something special here.  Amazing barbeque and great sides which are a must to be a good BBQ joint in my book.  Don't even get me started on the baked beans and jalapeno coleslaw!  For the quality of food, the prices are crazy low.  No liquor license yet, but for a small corkage fee you can BYOB.  If you force me to find a con, I would say the parking lot is not very big and the bathroom looks like a 1970's situation.  Fortunately, I don't judge a restaurant on those factors.  To me, it only adds to the experience that at any given moment, you can see a blue collar guy in uniform chowing down or a hungry Rhino worker.  BEST BBQ IN VEGAS!  Don't even doubt.
The brisket is outstanding.
It's always a good sign when you show up at a BBQ place and several smokers are fired up in the parking lot. I found this place on Yelp and wanted to try a new BBQ place on my business trip to Vegas. This place did the trick and then some.. . Excellent, friendly service. Pulled pork, brisket and mac and cheese were all very good. Very tender meat with a smoke flavor that was just right -- not overpowering at all. Sauce was slightly vinegary and was definitely peppery, as someone else mentioned, but I like that. Next time, I want to try the hot links and ribs.. . And don't skip the banana pudding.. . There's plenty of time for the chains. This is the kind of place that I hope both locals and tourists would support.
Just finished a fan-freaking-tastic Christmas lunch from Rollin Smoke and wanted to recommend this place for catering!  . . Since nothing says Merry Christmas like great BBQ, I knew I wanted to treat our office to some Rollin Smoke for Christmas. Best. Idea. Ever.  Chef Tim hooked it up!  Lunch was for 14 people, but I swear we got food for twice that! A huge thing of Kickin Beans, Coleslaw, barbequed chicken, ribs, pulled pork, sandwich rolls, sauce and . . . wait for it . . . mac n cheese.I hate mac n cheese.  I'm serious.  I hate it.  Just want you to understand who you are dealing with here.  So I never thought these words would come out of my mouth, but: I loved this mac n cheese!  Had a little kick to it (like most food here) and was really good.  I just hope my waistline can survive my obsession with this place!  haha.
The rib tip sandwich is brilliant.  The mac and cheese has just the right amount of kick.
OMG...the BBQ sauce is sweet and spicy at the same time but definitely ask for extra. The cup they give you just isn't enough. The banana pudding is homemade and to die for. Go hungry and expect to leave satisfied.
The beef brisket was delicious & very filling - I couldn't even finish it!  The beef ribs were HUGE and fell off the bone. Try the Mac & cheese if you like pepper - but it's good.. . The owners are 2 brothers from Arkansas who really take pride in their southern BBQ food. It's not far off the strip and they have 3 big smokers right in front.  You have to keep your eye out for it or you might drive by - like we did!  . . Definitely give them a try - it will be worth it.
Tasty BBQ and sides, reasonable prices. seems like honest home cookin'. Would like a little more heat, but won't dock them for it.
HANG UP THE PHONE! I found this total hole in the wall on Yelp, and BOY Im glad I did!. . Hubbys from Texas and cant find decent brisket here despite many a valiant effort. . . Until now. Heres the scoop:. . This place is tucked behind a strip joint in the seedy area behind the mirage on highland drive.  . . In fact, if you're squeamish about going to the hood, you may want to come at lunch time rather than dinner. . . If youre from out of town, dont expect much in the way of atmosphere. The decor is minimal. There are six tables total in the small front room, and maybe 6 or 8 inthe small side room.  . . . This place belongs on diners drive ins and dives for sure. . . . Service was ok. At times we had to wait a few minutes for servers to emerge from the kitchen. However, When they werent cooking, they were polite & personable.. . Despite all of this, the rating is five stars for the food alone. . . This food really is off the hook. . . 1. Biggest beef ribs ive ever seen and thats not an exaggeration. 8oz of beef on each one at least. Sooo tender .& juicy, and the sauce was perfect. . 2. Best brisket in town, hands down. TENDER, MOIST, unlike at every other wannabe bbq place in town. . . 3. The fried okra was the best ive had this side of the mississippi, OR north of the mason-dixon line. I dont like okra if its not perfectly cooked. This was. I was frankly shocked! . . 4. Jalapeno coleslaw was very good if a bit hot!. . 5. Blackberry cobbler was pretty good. I enjoyed it. . . Portions are good sized & filling.. . Note: Theres a soda machine tucked in an alcove thats hard to find. At first we thought all they had to drink was sweet tea with no ice lol. . In short: if youre from the south and are craving authentic bbq, this place is worth the trip. Oh, and the prices are HALF that of lucilles bbq. Five stars!
Get here now to have some of the best BBQ in Vegas! Awesome food nice people clean inside dining.
I love this place.  Its the best hole in the wall find that I have come across in a long time.  Its hard to get to and you literally have to know about it to eat there.  Thats the cool part.  I have had the pork ribs and then went back a week later for the beef ribs.  Both were awesome.  I am going to keeping taking my friends here.  These are the best ribs that I have had in town.  They also have a ground beef/brisket hamburger that I am dying to try.  This place has no thrills but incredible food.  Highly recommended for the food and adventure.
Honestly left that place feeling like I was part of the family. Dusty sold me on the place before I had even ordered my food. I have never experienced "Good Ol Southern Hospitality," but if its anything remotely similar to the way we were treated at Rollin Smoke Barbeque, I'm moving to Arkansas!! . . We ordered The Outlaw, The Piggy, and the Brisket Sandwich with Mac and Cheese, baked beans, and corn bread as our sides. All three of us left 100% satisfied with the service, food, restaurant, and everything. 20 min later and we're still talking about it. . . Dusty and John built that place from the ground up and if you treat um well, they'll return the favor. I'll definitely be stopping in again!!! No complaints here. 5/5
wow finally great barbeque in Las VEgas....
I BELIEVE!!! I BELIEVE!!! My first visit here, I was very impressed with their B.B.Q. My second visit, I was totally blown away!. . I finally got the fellas at work to come here. I've been here before but did not have the honor to try their BRONTOSAURUS RIBS. The pictures left by some honorable Yelpers caught my gut. HOLY BAJAYZUZ!!! They are "DAMN GOOD!!!" The pictures of course do not do it justice. I get my combo. $13 well spent. This is all you really need if you're a beef rib connoisseur. They give you two Gangster Sized Ribs, a side (mine was the bacon potato salad), a slider bun, and a tasty cool beverage to wash it all down with on tap. The best DAMN BEEF RIBS I've ever had! They were freaken GIANORMOUS!!! Fall off the bone tender. I easily cut them off the bone and it looked like I had two big steaks. I cut off one nice slice and made a rib slider with the bun. I usually don't have trouble finishing my ribs, but these were like BRONTOSAURUS RIBS off of the Flintstones! FOR REALLY DOE!!!. . Great service, great place to sit your phat @$$ to chow down, and AMAZING B.B.Q. Rollin Smoke B.B.Q. is blowing up. Keep up the great work guys!!! Will be back soon. I've been looking for a new go-to place for B.B.Q. I think I found my home.. . EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
"HOW MUCH FOR JUST ONE RIB?". . Actually if Chris Rock only ordered one beef rib here, that would be all he needs. I made the mistake of ordering a beef rib on the side because I thought the dual meat combo of beef brisket and pulled pork was not gonna be enough because I was really hungry. The beef rib itself  does not look like it came from a cow because if it did, the cow would have been as big as an elephant!. . As you can tell, the beef rib stole the show. So lets break down my other choices.. . First of all, those two black smokers you see outside are legit and im not talkin about Snoop Dogg and Dr Dre. They use hickory wood to smoke all their meats and it aint no joke! Their smoke flavoring is just one of their key ingredients that makes their barbeque so good. . . The dual meat combo of beef brisket and pulled pork smothered with their signature barbeque sauce will definitely get your salivary glands working overtime. The brisket has just the right amount of smoke flavoring and if the pulled pork was any more tender, Elvis himself wouldnt be any more proud singing "Love Me Tender".. . As much as I would of loved to try all their barbeque being the carnivore that I am, that only warrants another trip or three to accomplish that. I would also like to mention their sides. I chose the bacon potato salad, but if you ask me, I think you cant go wrong with any of them. Just recently, they added fried okra and corn to their menu.. . As for the desserts, assuming that the button on your pants has not busted off already, the peach cobbler is literally the icing on the cake not to mention the banana pudding.. . Some random info: Yes they take cards. Yes they have sweet and unsweetened tea. Yes they have a decent amount of room with enough tables and chairs. Lastly but most importantly, their service is very remarkable (no surprise because they have the southern hospitality demeanor).. . Oh, and one last thing. The area they are in is kind of suspect. Im not trying to scare you guys or anything, but the street they are on is dominated by strip clubs. Dont worry though, these guys are not open late so I dont see any problems, unless you are into strippers. LOL.
Yes Virginia, there is a barbeque place in Vegas!. . I kept reading reviews on this place and finally got out there to try it. I escaped work for a bit and hit it for lunch. I lived in NC for several years and really missed having great barbeque. This has filled the void.. . First the meat, I had pulled pork sandwich and my husband had two meat option, pulled pork and brisket. They were both awesome! Cooked nicely on the smokers outside, just enough sauce, not too much, perfect smokey flavor.  Next time I will try the links.. . The sides were terrific too. So many places seem to haves sides as an after thought but not here. I had jalapeno coleslaw. It had a nice kick, not too much mayo, super flavorful. Husband had the beans. So good with extra chunks of meat and a smokey flavor. We were both stuffed at the end. All very affordable too! Two meat special, two sides, sandwich combo including drinks for both just $22.. . With the great weather I wish they had more tables outside. I could lounge out there and smell the smokers all afternoon. I also wish they could sell beer since that pairs so nicely with barbeque. But that great meat trumps those issues. . . I've been to the other places in town and this one blows them away. We will be back soon!
I could swear I wrote a review about this place a month and a half ago, but it seems Yelp ate it or something.. . Anyway, I've been here a few times now (twice today, for some reason!) and the food and service are always top notch. This place puts the other BBQ places in town like Memphis Championship and Famous Dave's (Famous Who?, now) to shame. Their sweet tea is the bomb!. . John even convinced me to eat something different tonight, because I always get the same thing otherwise, so I tried their Outlaw Burger. I think Wilford Brimley wants to have a word with me about Diabeetus or something now, because I ate way too much. Enjoyed every bite, though!. . Good luck to the Yelpers participating in the rib eating contest tomorrow!
If I could give 10 stars I would. This place makes me sad for one reason... we don't have a place like this in LA. Not only is the food EXCELLENT, but the owner and everyone there is so friendly! You can really taste the pride and attention they give to make your meal.
Food was excellent and the owner was very friendly.
If I ever decide to give up having a meaningful physical relationship with another human being, I will buy a booth in this place and proceed to eat BBQ and "the fixins" for the rest of my days.  Until that time, I try to keep my visits here to a couple a month.  Given how good the food is, that has proven difficult.. . Two weeks ago, I took some co-workers here and one of them ordered the fried shrimp.  I know!  Stupid, right?  WRONG!  Because she eats like a bird, she gave each of us a piece and dang!  That was some amazing fried shrimp.  The batter has a lot of spices and is similar to the cornmeal batter used for catfish.  So good.  The regulars in our group agreed that the fried shrimp is our next order.  . . Lately, I've noticed that business is really picking up.  Glad to see it, but I considered keeping my mouth shut about this place from now on.  My duties as a Yelper won out in the end.  I go to lunch pretty early, so my current mission is to make it here when the greens are ready (these take a hot minute to cook right), because there's really not much I love more than good greens.  If my meaningful physical relationship with another human being does not work out, I may marry The Pulled Piggy with a side of kickin beans.
These guys are from Arkansas and boy do the know their BBQ. You just don't find BBQ like this in this town! Loved the baked beans. Will defiantly be back. I have eaten here many times, and had them cater a party. I love their ribs. I don't know where they find ribs with so much meat on the bones but they are fantastic.
My wife and I just moved back to Vegas and discovered Rollin Smoke last night.  We are stoked that Vegas has a real BBQ joint.  It made me want to cry...  My wife gave it the Texas approval too.
You won't find a better BBQ place anywhere near this gem! Great, tasty food for a good price! The staff is friendly and knows what they are doing when it comes to BBQ! Stopping here whenever I'm in Vegas for sure!
As a foodie who grew up in Kansas City, my great frustration with the Las Vegas food scene for many years was the absence of authentic wood-smoked barbecue.  The dirty little secret of the BBQ business is that a lot of it isn't smoked, but just baked in a regular oven.  Oven-baking is a zillion times easier - no fire to tend, no smoke burning your eyes - but it lacks the delicious smokeyness that BBQ fanatics live for.  You will never see a wisp of smoke coming out of Famous Dave's, Lucille's, or Memphis Championship.  But if you drive up to Rollin' Smoke, you'll see the smokers billowing away right in their parking lot.  Rollin' Smoke, Top Notch (both relatively new) and Annie's Kitchen (open for a while now, but not in the best neighborhood) are the only three BBQ joints in Las Vegas where they actually smoke the meat.  And believe me, once you've tasted the difference, you'll never go to the oven-baked frauds again.. . For BBQ lovers who must know:  hickory is the wood of choice at Rollin' Smoke, the dry rub is fairly mild, and their sauce is closest to the sweet Memphis variety.  If you're not that concerned with the fine-print details, suffice it to say that Rollin' Smoke is exactly what barbecue should be:  smokey, meaty, and falling-off-the-bone tender.  If you're looking for a LOT of meat for a terrific price, go with the St. Louis ribs, the $12 half rack feeds two normal adults or one BBQ glutton.  The $20 full rack should easily feed a family of four; the size of the rack is straight out of The Flintstones.  While most people prefer babybacks because of their tenderness, my problem with babybacks is that there just isn't enough meat on them.  My eyes popped when I saw the babybacks at Rollin' Smoke because I've never seen babybacks anywhere (well OK, not in Kansas City, Memphis or Texas - 3 of the 4 "capitals" of BBQ) with so much meat on the bones - all the tenderness of babybacks but twice as much meat.. . There are plenty of other great items on the menu.  The pulled pork and beef brisket are both winners.  For lovers of Texas-style, they even offer beef ribs, done to perfection (beef ribs are a lot trickier than the pork kind).  My favorite side dish is the bacon potato salad.  The mac & cheese is great too.  One side to avoid is the yams, which I thought were blechy.  True to the owner's roots, two Southern classics are available for dessert:  banana pudding and peach cobbler.  They also serve up a blackberry cobbler which is pretty good (even though I don't like blackberries).  Two caveats before you eat here: 1) be very specific about what you're ordering, because mixups can happen; and 2) order less than you think you can eat, because the portions are huge.  If you're looking for food late on a Fri or Sat night, Rollin' Smoke is open until 1:30 a.m. - a far better option than the overpriced mediocrity of casino coffeeshops.. . The typical BBQ joint is formica tables and white plaster walls, bare except for a few pictures of the owner posing with whatever celebrities have eaten there.  Rollin' Smoke is a bit nicer than most because it took over its space from a failed restauranteur whose background was interior design, not food.  But forget the interior, all you need for ambience is a view of those beautiful billowing smokers in the parking lot.
Another post Caesar's craps session visit to Rollin' Smoke.  Arrived around 1 pm and the place was still hoppin' with the lunch crowd.. . Ordered totally off special menu:. . Smoked meatball sub with side ( went with mac n cheese) and drink ( $9). . Slider trio with side( picked cole slaw) - meats were pulled pork, sausage and chicken ($11 ?? ) . . Rib combo - beef, st louis and baby included ( $16). . we've yet to try the ribs since the other food filled us up !. . The meatball sammie was actually 3 sliders - each had cheese and a decent sized, dense meatball drowning in a very spicy sauce - loved it ! . . The trio sliders - also spiked with the spicy bbq sauce - loved the pulled pork and the sausage - would've preferred brisket for the 3rd slider ( probably could've had if i asked ) - large pile of meat on each slider;  smoky goodness - all good !. . As usual, the sides complimented the meat perfectly.. . I've kicked my rating up a star since they've maintained the quantity/quality of the meat AND the service was excellent.. . Oh yes, I'll be back !!. . pics included
Once again, I've found a 5 star BBQ that is not even 500 miles from home... nor anywhere close to the south?! *sigh. . This place fires on every cylinder!  From the main meats down to the sides.  I mean, I wish I could in some sense describe my experience here so that it even comes close to the actual event.... . . I ordered a rib basket, and for $14.99 I got a beef rib, pork ribs, and a half rack baby back rib.  Now that may not sound like much, but the ribs are HUGE.  The beef rib was the largest I've ever seen.  The meat was tender, juicy, and just shaved off the bone with my plastic fork.  The pork ribs were good, more dense as it should be but still juicy, flavorful meat.  And I can tell you I've never had a baby back rib that even came close to this baby back rib.  . . Onto the sides.  I've never had a jalapeno slaw that came close to this one, a fantastic blend of spice and sweet, not soppy wet and not dry either.  Mash potatoes with melted cheddar and chives!  Holy crap.  The potato salad was fantastic.  Now I have one rule about BBQ is that I ALWAYS have room for the banana pudding.  I'm sorry to say I broke my rule, so I am not going to be able to inform on the banana pudding.. . On my next trip to Vegas, you better believe this will be on my list to return to.  Maybe twice :)  And this says something, because the BBQ place is not a walk from the strip, it's a definite taxi ride, but if you are a fan of the show, Counts Kustoms is a little less than a mile walking distance from this place, up the same road so you may kill two birds with one stone.
Thank you to all the Yelpers who gave this place a good review! . We went on the weekend and it was Great! Great food, great specials and most importantly Greatfriendly customer service! We are most def coming back here the next time we are in Vegas!!!
Ok I am at Rollin Smoke right now and I can tell you for sure this is one of the best places for bbq in vegas! Oh my goodness its so good! Ordered the beef short ribs (not short at all, almost a lbs of meat), loaded mashed potatoes and mac & cheese. Every single dish is phenomenal and the ribs are something special. The meat literally falls off the bone and is incredibly tender. The bbq sauce is just spicy enough and has perfect flavor. Love the atmosphere, just off the strip a little joint not hard to find. Great place 100% recommended!!!
Just stopped by and had the Trio plate with some St. Louis and Babyback ribs to sample as well.... OMG... It was tender and delicious and you could taste just enough of the nice smoke. Brisket had beautiful smoke ring in it, the pulled pork and hot link were incredible and the ribs were great. While my friend enjoyed the babybacks more, I am a little torn as the meaty St. Louis ribs I got were incredible. Tough choice, i think the best to do is get both like I did. Haven't had the bbq chicken yet, but I will be back to try some and I will be sure to sing your praise to people looking for good bbq. I think halfway through my meal I realized i had stopped using my fork long ago and was fingers covered with delicious bbq sauce and goodness. Keep up what you are doing and I will be sure to be back!
200th review!  And yes, it is a worthy one!. . First of all, this is a true hole in the wall place...I would have never tried it if it wasn't for Yelp, and I would have barely found it if they didn't have the BBQ grilles parked out front!. . Start off with the food....the Pulled Pork sandwich is truly amazing  :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#3VPTArn4TCy4jDYzeSJbyw. . Beautiful char carmelization on the outside...tender juicy goodness on the insides....and the tangy BBQ sauce sets it off!  Not spicy, but it has that flavor depth that is needed for an interesting (but not overpowering) BBQ sauce.  It is easily the best pulled pork sandwich I have had, but it is actually one of my most favorite ways I have consumed the pork beast himself.. . For the side, I asked what was most recommended.  I was told to try the mac and cheese :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#uGQtCaucN0VVUbvSjXBlkQ. . It was good!  Lots of spices in here...not spicy, but with more depth and distinguishing tastes put into the food here than a normal mac and cheese at most other places.  I can feel the love :P. . Yelp check-in merited a free dessert...I was recommended the Peach Cobbler (pictured with the sandwich).  It came out piping hot, gooey and tasty....just wish I had some crust in there like the one I love so much at Wing King.  But besides being crustless, this was an excellent rendition.. . I will say that there was a miscommunication at order though, and my side also never came out with my food until I reminded them it was missing.  I was strongly considering dropping my 5 to a 4 star, but the food and prices are so good, that I feel guilty holding it against them.  If the order was taken correctly the first time, I doubt I would have had anything to complain about...again, just a miscommunication.. . I'll be back!
OMG - this place blows away the Phillips and other ethnic BBQ joints!  . . Perfect bite, smoke, and 100% guaranteed to fill you up!. . Beef rib was awesome.. Pork baby back ribs perfect.. Chicken was juicy and yummy!. BBQ sauce was just perfectly executed!. Gotta try all their sides - worth every penny.. . Owner was very nice and bought us some extras when we mentioned we found them thru Yelp!. . Must go to - get away from the casino buffets!
The good: fall of the none delicious BBQ , nice flavor, great spice if u enjoy spice , Mac and cheese is cheesy goodness , chicken is juicy and so flavorful ,and  ribs are the best in town beats buzz hands down .                                                         The Bad: Sauce is way too spicy for kids , Mac and cheese is too spicy ,and  brisket was alright nothing to write about. Ordering is confusing and wasn't sure if u seat yourself or wait to be seated , small location , and not a fan of the location                   Tips: if u don't like spicy food u will not enjoy this , limited items for kids to consume , and they are closed Sunday
BBQ Heaven....Wow....i am glad I stop by to have some bbq and it was very tasty and tender...parking was easy and the service was great...and the bbq was very tasty and juicy...oh yea and the bbq was very tasty and smoky goodness.... . Can't miss this place with the huge pits out front....with delicious smoke coming out of them.....
Best barbecue in Vegas! These guys do it right. Very Friendly and Awesome food.
Simply delicious, the ribs were super tender and the brisket was out of this world. Friendly staff, and the food was out in no time.
Everything was absolutely delicious here. The prices were reasonable for the amount of food you get as well.. . Loved that they made meatloaf out of their brisket!
A MUST go to!! The portions are HUGE, prices are dirt cheap!! Have tried several different menu items there, ALL A+!! The chocolate thunder dessert with almond crust is impeccable! Every item smoked there on the property . Have never had any better here in Las Vegas. It is a well kept secret that many others need to discover. One visit and you are hooked to return!
This place is LEGIT! It does BBQ for real and conveniently located off the Strip. Pulled pork sandwich and rib plate was yummy. Don't expect the glam scene//// but will get great customer service and the food.
Good as it gets BBQ with excellent sides - served by friendly staff who get it out to you promptly. Ambiance is only cause for concern, but who cares when the food is so good! Odds are you will become a regular customer!
Heard about this place in Vegas Seven, and had to try it. I'm so glad I did!. . I went with my boyfriend and he got the pulled pork sandwich with the bacon potato salad. I got the 2 plate combo with brisket and pulled pork, and yams as the side. We got a free dessert for checking in and got the banana pudding. It was awesome! . . Everything was delicious! Best BBQ I've had in Vegas. Service is great too. We talked to the chef for a little while we ate and he was really friendly. We'll be back :)
Usually when I'm rollin' and smokin' somethin'...it ain't food. This place is worth rollin' into cause the food is smokin' good. The dudes that runs this place are extremely personable-servin' some heapin' helpings of hospitality along with their scrumptious offerings. Most everything I have had here is excellent. The highlight, as mentioned before is the Outlaw Burger, that thing hits the bull's-eye! I am especially fond of their jalapeno slaw, a wonderful kick to that stuff. The potato salad is not one of my faves, a little too bland for me, but that said, it still has this delightful subtle flavor that I can see lots of folks digging, and honestly I would order it again. Great bark on the meats. The sauce at the tables...should you feel the need...offers a complex mix of flavors with a welcomed spicy kick. Most of the sides are prepared in house. One employee told me the fried okra is frozen, but I (and one of my friends) seriously thought it tasted fresh. They must have found a great supplier. This interior is not divey at all, though for some, the location is. Fresh brewed regular and sweet tea. Two separate dining areas with 2 different vibes. Holy smoke, Rollin' Smoke ain't no joke, I felt high driving home and didn't even toke.
The best buffet in Vegas is not on the strip. The best buffet in vegas lies a bit off the strip at Rollin Smoke Barbeque. . The BBQ buffet at Rollin Smokes is only a mere $18.95 for all you can eat meat AND sides:. St Louis Ribs (Cooked perfectly and ultra meaty). Pulled Pork (Oh so tender). Barbeque Chicken (Juicaaaay). Sausage (smoked to perfection). . There was more, but in Vegas nothing is ever a certainty. The walnut candied yams were my favorite sides, and the others are all worth a bite or 50. BBQ in Vegas has arrived and it most definitely is not on the strip.
Family owned place, great customer service and even better food. I ordered the outlaw burger and my friend had the biggin. We both finished them quick since they were so good and we had our peach and blueberry cobblers waiting (a la mode of course). The cobbler was absolutely delicious, the bluebell ice cream really completed this meal. I wouldn't change a thing about this place. I'll travel from Henderson any day for this kind of service and food.
This place seems to be a hole in the wall, stuffed off of highland drive and in mixed used businesses.  I didn't know what I was expecting, I had seen some reviews and the pictures looked mouth watering, so when we arrived, I was still a bit unsure.  But once I walked in side and was greeted with a friendly southern howdy, and smelled the sweet scents coming from the kitchen, all my reservations left me!. . I took a good look at the menu and decided I'd try the beef brisket sandwich and a side of the bacon potato salad.  The brisket was lean, moist, very smokey and I loved it.  The side, bacon potato salad, I love bacon, but not a fan.  I don't usually go for the potato salad anyway, but the bacon made me want to try, but I didn't love it!. . Overall, a great addition to the BBQ scene for Las Vegas, will be one to come back too!
OMG!  I am originally from Texas and miss very much the ability to get BBQ on every street corner.  This BBQ is as good as I am used to back home. . . I had the pulled pork sandwich (tender as butter), the baked beans (spicy with huge chunks of meat), and the cornbread (incredible, not the least bit grainy with the perfect amount of sweet butter). The prices were reasonable, and the smells when I walked up were enough to work me into a feeding frenzy while I waited on my meal.. . The service was friendly, and a bit disorganized, but in a very charming way.  You can tell that everyone there was very concerned that every guest was happy.  The location isn't the greatest, but any true BBQ lover will not let that get in the way of the only true southern cooking I've had in the 8 years I have lived here.. . I am very excited to try more items on their menu.  I can't wait to go back.  Thank you for easing some of my homesickness.
Bad-azz BBQ that's open late!  I recall the sign saying they were open until 1:30 AM on the weekends.  This little gem is smack dab in the middle of stripper-ville and the industrial madness that surrounds it.  Don't let that deter you; these guys whip up some crazy good food...for, wait for it...CHEAP!. . I had the sliders: pulled pork, sausage and beef brisket. That comes with one side so I chose the spicy mac n cheese.  Added a side of corn bread and topped it off with a free (because I checked in) banana pudding!  I think my total was under 10 dollars.. . Service: excellent.  We were there about midnight and the woman working the counter was quite pleasant.  . . This is my new goto spot for BBQ...just so happens to be a few blocks from my place.
First time we have ever been here.  Saw it on a tv show or something...never the less, we  don't have really anything in the way of a decent bbq place in Rancho.  We turned the corner about a two blocks from the place and could smell the smoker driving with the windows down.  We really didn't need any other directions at that point.  This truley is a "dive" in the best way possible.  The smokers are right out front.  They don't hide in the back of the business.  They're right out there for all to see.  This is the best "real" BBQ my wife and I have had....ever.  We had the St. Louis Ribs special and the Pulled Piggy sandwich.  The ribs were not just "fall off the bone", the bone was falling off the bone.  Now that's tender.  Great smoke penetration on the ribs as well.  I could taste it in every bite.  The potato salad - so so.  Cornbread - really good.  Pulled pork was tender and delicious even without much sauce.  Just the right amount of bark on it as well.  Homemade sauce bottle on the table.  Even better.  This was also the first time I have bought a t-shirt from a food business.  It was that good.  The shirt smells heavily of the smoker...don't want to wash it anytime soon.
I love great bbq and this place certainly lived up to expectations.  I had the pulled pork sandwich which comes out on a hoagie roll that made it easy to eat and to add in copious amounts of pork.  There is something special about meat that is just so tender that taking a bite is more about flavor than actual chewing, I left not only satisfied but with thoughts about when I could next return. . . There are many options for sides from waffle fries, mac n' cheese, potato salad, and a baked potato.  I only tried the waffle fries which was provided in enough of a portion for adequate sharing but also were great to soak up more of that delicious tangy bbq sauce.  . . This is a bbq place that requires several visits since you'll be wanting to come back and try what everyone else had in full quantities.
I don't know if I liked Rollin Smoke BBQ because I had a couple of beers before dining here.  And, I don't know if I liked it because of the people I was dining with.  Again, I don't know if I liked Rollin Smoke BBQ because sitting next to me was Christie O. who doesn't eat pork.  And, trying to tempt her into turning to the "Darkside" was my goal - no success though.  But, what I do know, is that I liked Rollin Smoke BBQ. . . I had a couple of pork ribs, bacon potato salad, white bread and a diet soda.  The sauce wasn't overwhelming or overpowering.  So, the pork came through.  BACON POTATO SALAD... that won me over.  Anything with bacon is so much better.  . . The service was awesome as well.  The girl behind the counter was smiling the whole time she was taking our orders.  The food was delivered with that same smile.  Does it get any better than that.  I think not.  And, to be open late, to boot? Come on... awesome!. . So, I don't care what the reason is, that I like Rollin Smoke BBQ.  I like it and I'll definitely return.
I heard so much about the Outlaw burger from Seven and Las Vegas Weekly that I had to try it for myself!  After a well worth 15-min wait a massive burger came to my table...  This burger has lettuce, tomato, cheese,onion straws, a burger patty and brisket.  To take a bite I had to open my jaw as wide as possible and smash the burger down in the process!. . There is no doubt I can say this is the best BBQ burger I've had in my life and for $8 it left me very full (that and the free dessert I received for checking in on Yelp!).  I'm really looking forward to trying other BBQ items on the menu, there was so many good looking things to choose from that it was overwhelming.. . 6/10/13. . Just had the brisket sandwich over the weekend and it was awesome!  Very tender, melt in your mouth good.  I brought a group of friends and everyone thought it was amazing.  I'm so glad they have a large menu because I will want to come back here and try everything!
Like other folks here have said, I claim to be NO expert on barbecue except to profess that I freaking LOVE it and have had the privilege to eat it all over SoCal and throughout our travels across the US. . . I still have many, many places to visit and look forward to many more eatin' adventures but here's the down low on this joint and Dusty, the front man for the place. . . We were in Vegas to celebrate our 10 yr wedding anniversary and my husband wanted to surprise me with a visit to a great barbecue place so he did his research and away we went. Below are my humble observations, take them with a grain of salt, add in what everyone else wrote and you are in for a treat.. . 1. Yes, it's in the hood/industrial type area, sprinkled with strip joints and such, but get over it, the rent is probably cheaper than hell and there are always customers around. . . 2. Dusty, a young dude to greeted us at the door, is one of the owners and what a hell of a front man he is. Uber friendly, knowledgeable, helpful and filled with positive energy, he treated us like old friends and even if the q had turned out to be shitty, we would've come back just for the customer service...thankfully it was not.. . 3. Small joint, not a huge menu but concise, to the point and the prices are so freaking good! Most of the barbecue places we've ever been to, charge an arm and a leg for a decent sized plate...here? 3 big, meaty pork ribs, 2 sides, a roll, $11.00 bucks and well worth every penny.. . 4. The bacon potato salad, jalapeno, corn coleslaw and banana pudding were absolutely legit and awesome!!. . 5. The best part? My BEEF SHORTRIBS!! So tender, so meaty, with just enough smoky bark on the outside, I sucked those bones like a flipping piranha...OMG!!. . All in all, 5 stars all around and if I could give more, I would. If you visit and love the place, then please write even a quick review. They deserve as much business as they can handle and I hope they are there for a very, very long time...Good luck Dusty and thank you again for the most awesome beef ribs I've had in a long time.
As much as I love barbeque, I haven't been happy with any one place in town.  Some have great meat, some have great sauce, but none had both.. until now.. . Hubby and I went with a friend to try this place out and left with full tummies and happy faces.. . First, ambiance.. it's a tiny place inside an industrial strip mall next to an overpass.. the word "dive" was invented for this place, I believe.  Trust me, you won'tcare.  The new tables inside are nice, though.. . Service.. great!. . Now for the best part.. the food.  The sides were average to good, but we didn't try a lot of them.  Cole slaw was "interesting", mac n cheese was "okay", baked beans were "good!" .. but we forgot those as soon as we bit into our meats.. . I had the pulled pork sandwich, the "Piggy", which came with a side and a drink.  The sandwich was enormous.. first thing I did was cut it in half for taking home half of it.  Then I bit into it and all my taste buds jumped up and did a cheer.  It was the most incredible pulled pork I've ever had.  Superlatives abound.. juicy, tender, meaty, saucy, omg nom nom nom.  I'll be honest.. that other half never stood a chance of going home, I ate it all.. . Hubby couldn't decide so he got a half rack each of the baby back pork ribs and the beef ribs.  He was exclaiming about how incredible the pork ribs were and then he tried the beef, completely forgot the pork was there.  He's definitely a beef ribs guy, always prefers those, and found a level of beef rib heaven he hadn't known existed.  And the size of those beef ribs?  Definitely brontosaurus sized, massive amount of meat on each rib.  . . Our friend got "The Biggin" sandwich and the brisket sandwich.  He devoured the Biggin and was making lots of strange noises, occasionally coming up for air to proclaim the food amazing.  The brisket arrived a bit later, and brought out a new level of attention - he said it was as tender as a pulled pork sandwich and we all were amazed that there was moist and tender brisket, because every other bbq joint manages to dry the meat out.  Since he has two hollow legs, he ate every bite of both of those monster sandwiches.. . The prices are cheap, the food is amazing, and it's probably good that they're not located closer to home ;D.  I'm willing to bet that the Pitmaster there gets marriage proposals on a daily basis, because of his great food.  Hubby was ready to ask for a divorce so he could marry him, and I would have understood... ;)
Looking for GREAT BBQ in LV? Not much selection but 1 mile off strip is some of the best BBQ I have ever eaten. Look for smoking smokers in parking lot. If you are a beef rib fan as I am you will simply not find a better smoked beef rib as good as this except maybe in Texas. Baby backs were top notch. Spares were also excellent but I like mine a bit more fall of the bone then these. Did not try pulled pork but will next time. Not fancy and no booze but who cares? Area is industrial but safe. Quick cab ride from strip.
So far, the best BBQ I've had in town...which is 32 years and counting!  They have something for everyone on their menu.  Owners are very friendly and extremely polite!  I think the location is good because its very centralized in my eyes.  Keep up the great BBQ and friendly atmosphere Guys!!!
This place is amazing. . . Immediately stepping out of my car into their parking lot the smell of bbq smoke floods your nose. You know it's going to be good. . . I must say, to my disappointment that I did not get to try as much as I should have. I had the Pull "Piggy" as it's called, which is pulled pork on a hoagie roll. I read some other reviews that it was pretty large and since I was coming for lunch I didn't want to over do it. My mistake. It wasn't that big at all. Simple six-inch hoagie roll stuffed with smoked pulled pork with a drizzle of their bbq sauce and some green onions. It was very stuffed, but I still wasn't full afterwards. My fiance got a sandwich as well, the beef brisket. Both were absolutely amazing. The meat is tender and packed with flavor. The bbq sauce isn't overwhelming and heavy - enough to add flavor andmore moistness. . . All-in-all, I cannot wait to come back to this place. They have AYCE for $25, anytime any item. Challenge accepted, soon.
Best barbque in Las Vegas!  Had the rib tips and it was the best I've had. It was soft and boneless. Each taste had a kiss of smoke taste with the sweet and tangy BBQ house sauce. Love it. The sweet tea was not too sweet, perfect. The only BBQ place in town to eat. Open until 130am on fri sat NICE!. . Had the Peach Cobbler today. Wow.  It was sweet with peach and warm like a hug from an old friend you have not seen in a long time.  I'm not a cobbler fan, but this made me a believer and I'd order it again!
Rollin' Smoke has been getting a lot of online press the past few months and I finally got a chance to try them out. The raves are correct. The place is amazing. It is by far the best barbecue in Vegas and some of the best I've had anywhere.. . When you pull up into the parking lot, you can see the smokers outside. When you walk in, the smell of barbecue is in the air. The place is inviting and the staff (and owners) are very nice and genuinely proud of their food.. . I got the trio platter for $13.99 which includes three meats, a side, and a fountain drink. I chose pork spare ribs (ribs+tips attached), beef brisket, and pulled pork, with mac&cheese as my side. You get two spare ribs as an item in the trio. Other choices were 1/4 chicken or links. It's quite a deal!. . The pork spare ribs are amazing. Meaty, well-seasoned, great smoke ring, and the flavor was unbelievable. The brisket was quite good and the pulled pork was tender and flavorful. I wish I would have eaten the brisket and pulled pork before the spare ribs though, because the more delicate flavor of those meats was overtaken by the taste of the ribs.. . Midway through my meal, I heard someone order a beef rib. I LOVE beef ribs and it's very rare that a barbecue place serves them. So I had to get that too. $6.99 for a rib, but completely worth it. It is intensely beefy in flavor and gets more and more juicy as you eat it. Sort of tough on the outside, but near the bone it was beyond anything I could have hoped for.. . I was so impressed that I was texting my friends all through my meal. I ended up ordering almost $100 of barbecue to take back to my friends. It has been a week now, but my phone still smells like barbecue. One of my friends ordered some smoked hot links, so I got to try that as well and they are really good. I usually scoff at ordering links at a barbecue place, but these were special.. . All told, I tried every meat on their menu except for the chicken and the smoked meat loaf. The pork spare ribs take home the ribbon, but everything else was not far behind. My friend's beef ribs did look much smaller than the one I got and he said it was dry all the way through, so ask for a big hefty one to make sure it's tender.. . For side dishes, I would not recommend the mac&cheese. It wasn't that good. Other tables had jalapeno cole slaw, bacon potato salad, fried okra, and hush puppies. All those seemed to be well-liked.. . The barbecue sauce is made in-house and is very good. It might be very slightly too sweet for my liking, but I order my barbecue with sauce on the side anyway, so I didn't mind much. They also make a spicy barbecue sauce which you can request.. . Oh, they also have a buffet option. For $25, you get unlimited everything on their menu. If you like beef ribs, two beef ribs are $15. Eating four beef ribs and a side already puts you ahead.
I visited from California and heard about this place from my Chase Credit Card dining rewards program.  I am glad that I found it because it was delicious!  Being raised and born in Texas, I consider myself somewhat of an expert on BBQ and these folks got it right.  I talked to the staff (Lee) as I normally do when I visit a new BBQ joint to find out what style of BBQ they serve and how passionate they are about their food.  The passion is the proof when you bite into thier great food.  I sampled some of the ribs while I waited on my Outlaw Burger to be ready.  The ribs were perfect and the Outlaw Burger is noteworthy.  Keep up the good work.  The restaurant is also big military supporters, so that is a plus since I am in the USMC.. . It was finger licking good!
When in Vegas, I always come here from now on. These guys know how to do BBQ like it's nobody's business! It's some of the best food you will eat in all of Vegas and at 1/3 of the price of even fast food on the strip. $10 fills me up and i'm a big dude. Super nice people too. Off the strip and worth it!!!
You absolutely have to get the beef ribs. They are unbelievable. This is, by a wide margin, the best bbq joint in Las Vegas. Sides are amazing but it's all about the meat. Spare ribs, beef ribs, baby back ribs. All unreal. . The beef ribs are so tender you can just pull off delicious pieces with your fingers. Get em!
This is the rare restaurant that lived up to the hype.  As many note, Rollin' Smoke is not in the best area.  But, there is a decent amount of parking close to the restaurant.  There are also plenty of places to sit, including tables outside.  But, since I came during the Las Vegas summer, there was no way I was sitting outside.. . I was having trouble deciding between the Outlaw Burger and the 2 meat duo with pork and brisket.  The guy that was helping me suggested the meatloaf, which is madeup of both brisket and pork and smoked.  It comes with potatoes on the bottom and BBQ sauce and fried onions on the top with pickle slices and a roll on the side.  I added fried okra, because if a place has fried okra I have to try it.. . I was glad I took this guy's suggestion.  The slab is ENORMOUS, it easily fed me for dinner as well, and I'm a big eater.  The smoke in the meatloaf was incredible, very impressive.  I could have used more fried onions, but what dish couldn't?  I'll order more next time I eat here.  When you had a bite with the sauce and the onions, it was the perfect blend of crunch, meat and a bit of spice.. . The okra was very good, but not the best I've had.  Service was fantastic, it took a bit to get my food, but they are super popular and making your food when you order.  So, it's worth waiting a few minutes.  Highly recommended, and the leftovers did great that evening with a second heating...
This is a proclamation and one that is long overdue:  after living in Las Vegas for 10 years I can now happily endorse a real-deal BBQ joint:  ROLLIN SMOKE BARBECUE!!!  As you may already know about me, I am a first-rate barbecue snob ...the kind of guy who is first to correct anybody who confuses grilling with barbecuing.  That is not a concern here.  We're talking about brisket and pork that is smoked for 18 hours -- baby back, pork *and* beef ribs -- wickedly good sides (like jalapeno coleslaw and corn nuggets) -- even some unique sandwiches.  It's in an odd part of town, off of Highland and under the Desert Inn overpass (yes, surrounded by strip clubs & warehouses) but somehow the location just seems to work.  . Make no mistake:  this is the absolute best barbecue that you will find in Las Vegas.  Period.  . If you like legit barbecue then you need to judge this place for yourself.   . You're welcome.
Best BBQ in town and for quite some distance. The staff is great and very concerned that you enjoy your meal. It is a real BBQ joint so be aware of that if you plan on dining inside. The meat is very tender and full of flavor. Their homemade BBQ sauce is possibly laced with crack! It's very addictive. Tender ribs, flavorful pork and brisket, a must try if you want true smoked BBQ.. . The smokers outside are worth the experience checking out. There aren't places like this in town that give you the true home cooked feel. This is one of them.
There are restaurants that I give 5 stars to due to a combination of the food, ambience and service. Well Rollin Smoke certainly (as I am sure they will admit) not win it on the ambience, they place is situated in a small strip mall in an industrial area, it's not that hard to find, just stick your nose out of the window, but it does take a little bit of looking.. . So why does Rollin Smoke deserve 5 stars, simply, the food, I am a BBQ nut, I have been lucky enough to travel to some of the best BBQ places in the world and simply put, Rollin Smoke is right up there, it's certainly in the Top 3 BBQ places I have eaten.. . To the food :. . Brisket, amazing, simply amazing, tender, tasty and oh so good.. Baby back ribs, again, tender, full of flavor and a heck of a lot of meat on the bones.. Spare Ribs, ......... . Ok, let's stop there for a second, here is the truth, just about anyone can cook baby back ribs and have them come out half way decent, cooking spare ribs, that's a whole different ball game, with that said.... . How does a place make it's spare ribs taste even better than it's baby back, as tender as it's baby back and damn there is a lot of meat on those ribs.. . The sides....Unlike a couple of posters here, the sides to me were ok, with one exception.. . Waffle cut fries, they were good but a little plain.. Baked beans, they were ok, but I am really finicky when it comes to BBQ beans, these were just a little plain for my tastes.. The bread roll, good, but again I like mine warm and this was not, a little disclaimer, I kinda ignored the roll for a while, so it could have been warm when it came out, I tried the brisket first, one forkfull of it and it kinda turned into a scene from Jurassic park :-). . The potato salad.... I hate potato slad, hate is a strong word, but it is the correct word, give me choice between eating potato salad and say, losing a toe, well I guess I get to save some cash buying smaller shoes.... . And yeah you guessed it, the wife tried their's and said I had to try it, a small sample was quickly followed by a much larger sample, it is that good.. . So anyways, along with Fat Choy and Mount Everest, this is my favorite place to eat in Vegas.
Amazing bbq. Was extremely surprised to find a nice bbq place in Vegas so close to home. The ribs and macaroni and cheese are to die for. Highly recommend this place between the good food and the people who run it are very friendly.
I'm so glad I finally gave Rollin Smoke a try and that I didn't go here by myself as I would've driven away. The location isn't that great. It's close to a strip club, adult stores, etc. Tits and BBQ - this is a man's restaurant. The BBQ aroma fills the air inside the restaurant and sticks to your hair and clothes (had to shampoo my hair twice).. . The food was amazing!  I'm not the biggest fan of ribs so, for me to like this place is a major deal. We had a meat Trio: brisket, pork and ribs with waffle fries and Mac n cheese. I liked everything we got. The meats were tender, juicy and smokey. I poured some house BBQ sauce on the meats for more flavor. The waffle fries were very crispy and I wanted to order more. The Mac n cheese has a smokey taste to it as well but was runny...still damn good though. The chicken sandwich and a black berry cobbler were ok.. . This is not a fast-food restaurant so, expect to wait about 20 minutes or more to get your food. It's worth the wait.
All I can say is BRISKET. It was so delicious and tender. The hush puppies were a great surprise...they were little jalapeno  and cornbread bites of heaven. The chicken was also pretty damn delicious. My mom had the potatoes salad and she pretty much scraped the cup clean...so I'm sure she loved it. . . And last but not least, we experienced some of the best customer service I've every encountered in Vegas. Rusty, the Pit Master, and the rest of the good folks here were super hospitable. They made us feel right at home. . . Definitely coming back
I've had Arthur Bryant's bbq in KC, I've had LC's bbq (also in KC near the stadiums), I've had Sonny's BBQ (a chain pit-bbq in the SE US), I've had Brad's BBQ in Alabama, I've had Abe's BBQ in Clarksdale, MS at the Crossroads.  And now I've had Rollin Smoke BBQ in Vegas, and it compares with Arthur Bryant.  It is excellent bbq and I will visit again!  I've had their meatloaf (amazing--made with brisket) and the brisket.
Thanks to other reviewers for this recommendation - this place was definitely worth the side trip. Everything we had was great - even the seafood platter I had, which had a nice gritty corn-meal coating, and was not greasy at all. The corn bread, hush puppies, and fried okra were all as good as I've had, and I'd definitely recommend them. Especially the okra, as many places ruin this dish. . . Very friendly owner from Arkansas made us feel welcome. The free refills on the drinks were welcome, as some of the sauces were pretty spicy. The only bad part was that the neighborhood was pretty unseemly, even for Vegas. We ate out at the picnic bench, and let's just say the sights were pretty interesting. But a very authentic restaurant with excellent, inexpensive food.
I had to go there after all the talk on here.. . The location is in a umm kinda shady part of town but I went there for the BBQ.. . Its a true  BBQ joint. Plastic forks and knives, Styrofoam and paper plates.. . The smell of smoke was pretty amazing. I was floating in like this place was the pied piper.. . The menu is pretty simple like it should be. . . The owner was taking the food order. Its kind of different. You pay first and wait for a runner to bring out your food. The owners are very nice people and really care about their food.. . I ordered The Biggin, its a sandwich with pork, brisket, and hot links and it was friggin delicious. There's no easy way to eat this monster. You have to dig in and understand things are gonna get messy.. . One boy ordered the catfish po boy. Yes its not BBQ but he loved it and they did make it perfect.. . Another ordered the Brisket Dog. I didn't know it was on a sesame seed bun which he was allergic to. They made it over at no charge and put it on a hamburger bun. The sandwich was as big as his head! I was entertained just watching him trying to eat this behemoth! Its a good thing they have rolls of paper towels on the tables because this kid needed a whole roll. He loved it too..  . I will definitely be back again!. . oh and guys, if you sneak there without your wife or GF, you will be caught because you walk out of this place smelling like smoke!
I LOVE this place!!!  . My first foray into the world of meat could not have been better!!  . . After 20 years of a plant based diet I decided that I wanted to eat bbq'd meat.  I blame pregnancy and the Pit Masters tv show.  My husband says I must have been lacking some vital nutrient... in anycase he took me to Rollin' Smoke Barbeque.  . . We ordered beef brisket and ribs.  Even my 4 year old who generally hates to eat anything but sweets was excited about our meal.  The guy working the counter was really sweet and when he heard my story brought out an assortment from the back to try... Hot Links, Pulled Pork and bbq'd chicken.  . . I think I'm a changed person...
Best BBQ I've had in Las Vegas. I got the rib platter which was about $17.99. It was delicious and the meat just fell of the bone. Service was great and cashiers were nice and courteous. I would highly recommend this place to any meat or BBQ lovers.
The best BBQ that I have ever tasted and I love me some BBQ!  Our family travels a lot and I try to sample BBQ where ever we go and this was hands down the best so far.  I come to Las Vegas a few times a year because my friends and I drag race so this will definitely be on my list of food places that I must eat at before going back home to Los Angeles, CA.
Sweet. Fancy. Moses.. . This place is amazing. I normally don't have a huge craving for BBQ, but maybe that's just because this town isn't especially known for it's fantastic BBQ. Rollin Smoke definitely changed that part of me. Since I first went there (about 3 weeks ago) I've been back 2 more times with a bunch of different people based on craving for that sweet magical BBQ they serve up. I feel like the more I eat there, the more wizard-like powers I will gain via BBQ sauce. Maybe I'm confusing that with my constant yearning for naps.. . It is insanely delicious BBQ. Everything I've had there has been phenomenal. The pork, the chicken, and the burger...which I was unaware was insanely massive. I would recommend having the rest of your day planned for napping if you choose to eat the Outlaw Burger. It is tasty, but it is freaking enormous. It's got to weight a pound in your hands...It's a challenge to eat, but it's so good.. . The sides are really great too. I keep trying new ones every time I go because they have a pretty significant list of options, so it's nice to switch it up and not be disappointed ever.. . I really loved this place, and I really like the location. I know it's not the most convenient place on the planet, but getting there is easy, and it's kind of buried. Like a little local treasure. Places like these keep me exploring this city for more delicious dishes.. . If I had any complaints about this place the only one would be that it can leave you smelling very smokey after you leave for quite some time. Not the worst problem if you're trying to get eaten by bears who like tasty things, but if you're going to a meeting with a new client or something immediately after, I might consider going in with a 'BBQ outfit' if that's even a thing.. . It's tasty. Go eat it.
Great AUTHENTIC BBQ. Reminds us of what we would get while living in La. We look forward to coming back to this place!
by far the best bbq place in vegas!. . love their trio sliders! brisket and hot links are the bomb! + their potato salad!. . staff and crew are very friendly and nice! good service! good food!
This is a must-go, must-eat, must-try bbq spot in Vegas.. If your'e visiting vegas, it's worth a short 4-5 minute drive from Fashion show mall to taste some of the best bbq i have ever had. We were staying at TI and it was right  across the freeway. . . This was the first time I tried beef ribs. It was cooked to prefection. It was tender fall off the bone, and paired perfectly with the zesty bbq sauce. My friends ordered the trio bbq, the hotlink sandwich, and the brisket sandwich. No one was speaking, we were all too consumed eating the food lol. Their curly fries were crispy, mac n cheese was cheesy, and their cobbler was fantastic.. . The service was excellent. Food was brought out to our table. We sat on the outside bench, which was convenient for a party of 8. They checked up on us on several occassion to make sure we were happy with the food. The Chief took his time to come out to ask how we like the food. My boyfirend is a bbq fanatic, he had to go shake the hand of the man who made these fantatic food. . . They have made  a fan of me. I will definitely go back.
The food was awesome and the service even better. The owner practically held our hands through the ordering process as we had a big group with kids. He kept checking on us every 15 minutes or so too.  This place lives up to its high rating.  I'm from the south and am a tough critic of BBQ, but Rollin' Smoke BBQ is worth the hike off the strip.
Barbecue as the gods meant it to be made--that's the only way to describe this place.  This isn't a bbq joint on the main Strip of Vegas.  This is grub you have to hunt for.  Yet I guarantee once you've discovered this place off the map that the tourists have you'll never forget where it is.. . People have meals they remember.  People have meal they never forget.  But very rarely do people have meals they have to ask themselves if it really happened.  No food should be allowed to taste this good.  They really shouldn't.  Because all it does is make all the other bbq feel bad, feel ashamed for their inferiority and their audacity to put themselves into the same class of eats as Rollin Smoke.  . . Everything here is excellent--from their ribs to their sides, from the service to their decor.  It's like walking into everybody's idea of the perfect bbq joint and finding out you never have to leave... and that maybe you never should lest it vanish like the magical culinary paradise it really is.
This is, by far, the best BBQ in Las Vegas.. . Here's why:. THE BUSINESS MODEL!!!. . -great BBQ, including catfish and beef ribs and banana pudding and BBQ nacho fries; choices you don't find at many other BBQ places.. -a family of charming characters who treat everyone like they were their best friend.. -a menu that overcomes the "combination" curse. . What's that, you say? . A combination curse is a combination plate that isn't exactly what you want, but you order it anyway, because you have no other choice.. At RSB, they overcome this curse because all elements of the BBQ universe are available "a la carte". . For example, I didn't want a brain-dead combination with a "carb" side and drink...I wanted nothing but protein. So I ordered, a la carte, a beef rib (gigantic!), a piece of white chicken and a piece of catfish. I dare you to find that "combination" at any other BBQ place in town. . It was sensational!. . Oh and I almost forgot, one of the best burgers in town (next to Fat Choy) aptly named the "Outlaw Burger". . You eat The Outlaw Burger, and when you go outside, your car has magically morphed into a tricked-out Harley!!. . If you're a local, you're crazy to go anywhere else.. If you're a visitor, it's half a mile from the strip, just down the road from the Trump Tower.. . . Side note: . They should do a reality show at Rollin' Smoke. . If Pawn Stars, and Duck Dynasty, can be successful cable shows, a show set at this place can be blindingly, staggeringly successful! . Kind of a combination between the Diner shows and the Down-Home shows.. More pleasure; more heart.
If you like smokey awesomeness then this place is for you.  The best spare ribs I've  had in ages.   The sauce is very tasty with just the right amount of kick.  We had dinner there tonight and it was great.  The owners are very friendly and accommodating.  There is nothing fancy or pretensions about this place -- just solid BBQ at reasonable prices and a quick 15 min walk back to the strip.
Oh man I love me some BBQ, I always order me some ribs and this place is pretty damn good. I had to try a bit of everything so I got the basket with chicken, ribs, hot links and brisket with sides of onion strings, Mac n cheese and bacon potato salad. And for dessert, carmel cake! Hands down delicious! Haven't tried anything in comparison within Vegas.
This place is amazing. Definitely the best BBQ place in Vegas. It's a little out of the way, but definitely worth making the trip down there. The food is awesome and the staff is really nice too! And the prices are really decent for the portions they serve. The outlaw burger and the beef ribs are a definite must try. I would definitely go there again if I'm ever craving for some good BBQ!
We went here on a Friday night late and had a hard time finding the place. It's in a small strip mall, near a bunch of strip clubs and we were a little nervous. Once we got in, we were greeted by one of the owners and we were very pleased. . . We both ordered the Duo. The brisket was fantastic. Tender, moist and very flavorful. The ribs were fall off the bone good. They definitely take pride in what they serve. The Mac n cheese was great and well. Went perfect with the meal. . . You order at the counter and they deliver your meal to you. We talked to the young man quite a bit and it sounds like they have had quite a nice little success. This is a hidden gem in Vegas. Not to be missed!!
best in vegas
Just get there and try it. I had the slider trio w/ sausage, pulled pork & rib meat and waffle fries as my side; all of which were soooo tasty. Loved those fries, they had an awesome season on them- not the typical seasoning that places sometimes use - this is a first for me and I loved it all!. . Get some hush puppies too, they're great. That's all from our table!
Awesome food!! The pulled pork sandwich is the best. I also loved their corn nuggets and okra. The baked beans are a little too spicy for my personal taste, but if you like a "kick" in your baked beans, you would enjoy them. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but it is a great place to eat. I will definitely return when I visit Vegas.
The best barbecue I have ever had. The ribs are amazing and the meat falls right off the bone. The service is also amazing the employees are very friendly and helpful.
The food is excellent with a huge portion for a great price. Service is great. I'd recommend if your in vegas you should go check it out.
Best BBQ I've had in Vegas in more than 30 years here.  Had brisket, chicken and rib tips, with mac& cheese, and yams.  Excellent quality all the way around...the chicken was perfectly cooked...fully done but still moist...the mac & cheese was nice and creamy.  this is definitely my "go to" for "Q.  Oh, and the sauce was really interesting...a little thinner than some sauces, and with a really nice balance of vinegar and sweetness.  Really glad I tried these guys and looking forward to more.
Decided last minute to try this place before work, first time and will definitely not be the last! The owner was very welcoming and accommodating. The menu is very diverse with lots of options for everyone. . . The barbecue sundae with your choice of meat (I chose brisket) was extremely flavorful and had a great balance. The barbecue nacho fries also with your choice of meat was BOMB!! Words cannot describe how delicious it was.. . Very impressed by this restaurant! Will definitely be back soon!!
I was referred here by a friend and wow was I surprised.  Not the place I would expect good simple BBQ.  The brisket was tender and the pulled pork with the jalapeno coleslaw was fantastic.  I will be back.
Great and tasty meat! Superb place off the touristic LV strip. The ribs and the Brisket were perfectly cooked. The outlaw burger was huge but had all the flavours it needed. We will for sure visit this place again on our next visit in Sin City :-)
This place is just amazing and I love the feel because it's not too big it too small. The food taste great and everything feels like a down home Southern BBQ. They don't hold back on anything, it's like being in a butcher shop.......freaking amazing!!!!
Southern BBQ goodness in the middle of the dessert! . . This tiny restaurant hiding off the strip is a piece of tummy heaven. The taste reminds me of the Deep South. The sauce is spicy and flavorful, the meats are cooked well, and the sides are all good. The only problem is that my stomach isn't big enough to keep eating. . . Definitely going to stop by again before we leave town.
I had been meaning to try Rollin' Smoke for some time and so my husband and I checked it out recently for lunch. As soon as you pull into the parking lot, you can smell the meat and it makes you drool. We decided to share a pulled pork sandwich and the rib platter special that includes baby back ribs, spare ribs and beef rib. We thought the pulled pork sandwich was ok, but honestly it's an unusual pick for us, we both think they need veggies to lighten the sandwich up. But the rib platter was f'ing amazing. HOLY CRAP. This is some quality meat here folks. The meat isn't dripping in sauce so the flavors of the meat shine through. And holy cow, the beef rib is incredible. I had never tried it before but it is literally fall off the bone delicious. . . You must check this place out!
Allow me to begin with " ummmmmhmmmm, that bbq is so good it will make your shoes fall off!"  Or something like that from my time in the deep south.  I've decided to try one item at a time, starting with pulled pork. I ordered for carry out, and had to stand around until my "table" was up for service.  There does not seem to be a distinguishing of take away orders vs table service, so expect to wait.  The only area in which to do so is a service station and I had to keep moving about.. . The pulled pork was worth the travel and wait time.  The meat is tender but holds together.  It has an intense smoke flavor and mild flavorful sauce.  I'm thrilled to have ordered 1lb so I can pig out and still have some to share.. . Go here.
Until Rollin Smoke opened up, the barbeque  in Las Vegas was HORRIBLE!. . The guys at Rollin Smoke know their BARBEQUE !!!  Everything on the menu is fantastic!!  More specifically, the pulled pork, the brisket and the meatloaf.. . This is the only place in Vegas to get GREAT barbeque; and to make things even better, they are Razorback fans!!. . If you're in Vegas and you're lookin for some great food; stop by Rollin Smoke!!. . Woo Pig Soooie!!!!
This place is awesome! Delicious BBQ, great prices and very friendly staff. The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. The all you can eat is the best deal on the menu. I would definitely recommend that people venture off the strip for delicious food.
I have been eating at Rollin Smoke since the first day it opened its doors over a year ago. I can say, without a doubt, this is by far the BEST BBQ joint in Las Vegas. Some of my favorites are the spudtastic, brisket BBQ loaded fries, catfish platter, shrimp plate, and watermelon salad! Their signature BBQ sauce is mouthwatering. This place is only getting better as business grows. Family owned true authentic Arkansas BBQ you don't want to miss. An added bonus is the super sexy Arkansas stud muffins that run the place! Check it out!
This place has awesome ribs. I got the rib platter with 3 different meats. Beef, pork, n brisket. All were tender n flavorful. For my first time here I was quite satisfied.
Best BBQ I've had in Vegas!  The bam bam size beef rib was fall off the bone tender, so tender the lady at the next table was trying to put her beef rib in her to go box and the meat from the rib slipped off the bone into her lap :). The spare ribs and baby back ribs were good, but unfortunately after eating the beef rib first, it just didn't compare.  The BBQ sauce here is the perfect mix of sweet, tangy, and spicy.  And the list of sides makes it hard to decide...unfortunately they were out of fried okra so instead I had a side of corn nuggets, and these things are magical, imagine deep fried cream of corn.  The customer service is great as well, they come around and check on you a few times to make sure you are enjoying the experience.  As I'm writing this review, I'm already planning my next order....perhaps beef rib with beef brisket and I'm determined to have some fried okra next time!
Do not pass this by.  I had the three meat combo. The chicken was delicious, the ribs amazing and tender, and the pulled pork was DAM GOOD!!!
Amazing food! Incredible service! Stop reading this and go there now, you won't be sorry. . . Las Vegas did not have Barbeque until Rolling Smoke opened, thank God they are here.. . Everything about this place is GREAT!  I could go on for paragraphs about the food.  We ordered some of everything,  even the catfish. . . Brisket - AMAZING (not fatty,  cooked perfect),  Pulled Pork - OUT OF THIS WORLD, Spare Ribs - MOUTH WATERING, Chicken- VERY GOOD (it may have been touch dry but I couldn't tell because I covered it in their delicious sauce), Catfish - one of the best I have had,  light crispy and flavored perfect a  definite surprise for a BBQ joint.  There is basically no dish on the menu that you can go wrong with, even the sides were great.. . Now about the service:. . I was worried when we pulled up;  the place is small and there was literally a line out the door (Saturday night dinner).  Remarkably,  the line was so quick we barely waited - I don't know how they did it but it was perfect.  We got amazing personal service and it was quick (figure that one out).  If the food is amazing,  then the service is AMAZING x10!. . After we placed out order our waiter,  a younger guy with blondedread lock type hair, delivered it to our table.  The place was packed,  I had been watching the waiter and he never stood still  or stopped moving,  it was BUSY but he took the time to tell us about each dish and came back 3 times to see if we liked everything. Not only did he come by the but the Chef came over to each table to welcome the customers,  tell them about the dishes and make sure they liked everything.  We even had one more guy from the kitchen come over and check on us.  It was amazing service,  you just don't get service like that in Vegas anymore.  You can see everyone obviously loves their job and loves that restaurant - the attitude a made the place fun and enjoyable to a whole different level.  I can't say enough good things about our waiter,  he was 5 star service and just a nice guy- we would probably go back for him alone but the food is the shining star of this place.. . The only regret I have is that I forgot to buy Barbeque sauce to take home,  good excuse to go back this week :)
No matter how hard I try, there is no way I can come close to the amazing beef and pork ribs I had here.. Amazing smoke, juicy and tender beef with a crispy black crunch bark that can only come from heaven.. This is my newest best spot whenever I visit Vegas.. No alcohol but you know what? This little dive doesn't need it!
We just ate there again, one thing that has to be found in a good restaurant IMHO is consistency, there is no point in having a place that on one night can serve a great meal and the next night it sucks.. . Well Rollin Smoke keeps delivering fantastic BBQ, end of story, I cannot recommend this place enough.
SeriousBBQ!! Dusty really knows his stuff!!. . I ordered the mixed rib platter minus the babies, and instead subbed another beef rib. To round out my meal was the loaded mash and I added some greens. I won't be hungry again until at least this time tomorrow!!. . Rollin' Smoke's rub compliments the flavor of both the beef and spare ribs nicely. I added a little of their spicy BBQ sauce because I like my BBQ to have a bit of a kick. The spareribs were perfect and the beef ribs were very impressive. Smokey but not overpowering. Dusty came to my table and asked how everything was, and I couldn't compliment him enough. He shared his technique on how he preps the beef ribs. I guess I'll be back, because I certainly don't have that kind of patience!!. . If you're in Vegas craving BBQ, this is the place to go. The portions are big, the prices extremely fair, and the atmosphere removes you from the strip and puts you in a true BBQ joint that you leave smelling smokey! This is real BBQ and not that over salty crap that Famous guy prepares in several spots around town.
Excellent! Can't say enough good stuff about this place. The BBQ sauce is incredible and the Brisket falls apart and is so moist. This is my new favorite place.
I'm pretty stingy with my 5-star ratings but this place wins all five.  Was craving BBQ this evening and fired up Yelp.  Proximity search brought this place to the top of the list and I headed over.. . From the outside, the place looks like a real hole in the wall, which it is...this place has soul.  Before you even walk through the doors, the aroma of smoked meats sets forth the salivary glands into full production.. . I ordered the Trio plate with pulled pork, spare ribs and brisket with a side of hush puppies.  For the money, the volume of food is a very good value.  I managed to eat about 3/4 of the plate and the leftovers easily comprised a separate meal.   The flavor of the meat was delicious and the sauce complemented the meal perfectly.  Even the hush puppies had a nice underlying spice to them that was quite addicting.  Something as simple as properly seasoning hush puppies tells me there is attention to detail here. . . Good food can get you four stars but its the staff that pushed it to five for me.  They were incredibly friendly and upbeat.  You can tell when a place is well-run by just listening to how they interact with each other.  It was clear that this staff really cares about what they do and have a passion for their craft.. . Thanks for a great meal!
We were in Las Vegas towards the end of Sept.  We were there in May also.  We ate at a lot of the very expensive restaurants.  Rollin Smoke was easily, easily the best meal we had at any price.  It was also the best BBQ any in my family had ever eaten.  And, everyone at the restaurant was friendly and gracious.  If someone offered me a free meal at Wolfgang Puck's Cut (we ate there also) or Rollin Smoke I go to Rollin Smoke.
My first 5 star.....hard to find....amazing bbq
Excellent BBQ and deserts. The hotlinks have the perfect amount of spice and the brisket has an amazing smoke flavor:-))
If I could add more stars for this review I would. Let me be brief. If you are in Vegas and you have a soul, go to Rollin Smoke and let them satisfy you. Their BBQ is possibly the best I've ever had. The beef ribs are out of this world. Lord, the Jalapeno cole slaw?!? and those cream corn poppers?!??...need I say more? It's a hidden gem just off the strip. Plenty of parking and seating inside. The service is great, everyone is friendly. I've been three times now and the last time I decided to be a hero and take an order back to my family in LA. The waiters carefully packed my meal in a foil carrier and even added dessert as a bonus. I've had the pleasure of meeting the chef and his wife, they are very passionate about their restaurant and you can taste it in the food. I LOVE THIS PLACE. YOU MUST VISIT....thank me later. I can no longer visit my grandparents in Vegas without stopping here...oh and maybe hitting a slot machine or two ;)
My first time here and it will not be the last. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. The brisket sandwich meal was delicious!  I would highly recommend Rollin Smoke Barbeque to everyone.
Loved the Pulled Piggy Sandwich and Hush Puppies. Sandwich was on a soft sesame roll that was like home-made. Only one tiny piece of fat in the pork, so much better than most places. Pork was moist and tender, and had great flavor. The Hush Puppies had a mild jalapeno tang to them, and I thought about ordering more since I finished them early, but the combo meal with a Country Berry Cobbler side completely filled me up. The cobbler was THE best I've ever tasted. Will definitely be back here next time I'm in town.
-Reasonable price. -Delicious food. -Extra friendly staff. . A couple of friends suggested my fam and I try this place out. Needless to say, we were all very pleased. They had quite a large menu with some pretty excellent deals. The gentleman who took our order was very friendly and was happy to offer recommendations/opinions on certain dishes. We didn't wait very long for our food to be ready. The guy who brought it to our table was personable and excited for us to try it. The dude who took our order came to check on us shortly after to ensure we were happy with our meal and to make small chat (not in the annoying way we've sometimes experienced at other restaurants, he was actually sincere and nice). He told us how he and his fam moved here from the south and we chatted about the show "Grill Masters". . . The food was great! Definitely better than most I've had in the valley and for a much better price. No complaints AT ALL. As long as this place is around, we are never going to Memphis BBQ again. HAHA.
Yum yum yum. This was the best BBQ I've had. My husband had the beef ribs. They were enormous, I had no idea you could get super sized beef ribs like that. I tried a small bite and you can taste the smoked flavor. I had the pork ribs and they were falling off the bone delicious. I also had the jalapeno coleslaw. There was a little spice but not too much it was just right. . . Defiantly a hidden gem. Great service and very fast. We are hooked.
I'm pretty sure I been around since the beginning with these guys. If you read my initial review I gave 4 stars but said, "this is a 3.5 star review in hopes it will soon be a 4" . Well they went above and beyond and I can officially say Rollin Smoke, you are my favorite BBQ in Vegas! . It just so happened that right around the time my mom moved to Arkansas. A family BBQ joint with razorbacks stuff everywhere pops up in my city. BBQ being one of my favorites I've dined here at least 6-8 times. Never having a bad experience, although all weren't 5 stars. . This most recent one I had the pleasure of my mom accompanying me. We had a party of 6 and we were treated like gold. We had ribs, pulled pork, brisket sandwiches, and my new favorite the seafood combo with shrimp and catfish. I'm SUPER picky with my catfish and the batter on this one kills it! We were checked on periodically trough out the meal even though they definitely got busy. . Also if you've been coming here from the beginning you can really see where they came from. It started out in the parking lot, then the small restaurant, to a full menu, dining room, and painted walls with replicas of the family. . I'm hoping to see them expand, they deserve it. Well done, full earned, 5 stars on all aspects! Thanks for coming to Vegas!
I've had bbq all over Vegas and a couple of popular places in St.louis and I can honestly say this place has the best ribs!!. . I ordered the Duo meats, ribs and brisket with beans. Comes with a roll and drink. The ribs were "fall off the bones" tender! And that smoke flavor permeated the meat. No sauce needed!. . We were checked on a couple times and at the end the gentleman who brought our food out asked if we did Yelp. We were offered free dessert! I know with the "check in" a free dessert was offeredwith purchase of a sandwich but none of us ordered sandwiches. Only I took him up on it and got a peach cobbler. Good stuff!. . Can't wait for our next visit to Vegas!. . P.S. If there is an influx of customers from Hawaii........it's because of me!!!!
Being from North Carolina, my BBQ standards are pretty high (that goes for the fixins that come with it as well). I'm in the military, so I moved out here from NC almost 3 years ago, and in that amount of time I've never found any place that was up to par with what I considered good BBQ. Memphis isn't very good. Famous Dave's is okay. Lucille's is pretty decent, but for the drive to Henderson (and fairly high price), it's just not worth a regular trip. Then I got tip from a new friend (who was also a fellow North Carolinian) about a place that was a little off the beaten path but well worth it... Rollin Smoke Barbecue. So we decided to give it a try. That leads me to this moment, as I sit here with a full belly typing this review. My wife and I both had the pulled pork sandwich. Her sides were Mac & cheese and potato salad, mine were Mac & cheese and hush puppies. All of which were delicious. The meat was tender, the bbq sauce was delicious and had just a little bit of spice to it. All the sides were awesome. And we washed it all down with the only kind of tea that should exist... SWEET. Then to get our sweet tooth fix we shared some banana pudding that was amazing. Even as I stuffed my face I was studying the menu so I could plan my next visit. Rollin Smoke is the real deal. Great barbecue and extremely friendly staff. If you're a local or just passing through and you're looking for an authentic barbecue experience, Rollin Smoke is where it's at!
I WENT HOG WILD!!!!. Tim the Chef OMG he cooks the best greens ever. These people are so kind and the place is so clean. I had the best time eating catfish & greens. I did taste my husband's dish he had pull pork. I also took pictures of the food and Chef Tim also posed for my profile picture. I give them ten stars I think this is the best BBQ in Vegas thus far. I will return ASAP.
Have been there a few times and I will keep coming back. I have tried the ribs, beef brisket, links and they are all great. I love the yams....not to sweet but with a hint of brown sugar and pecans...awesome.It is a hidden treasure...try it you will love it.
I went here on word of mouth, and, I have to say, this place is definitely worth it. I'm from the South (Georgia and Florida) and think this place is really close to my ideal restaurant. I got the pulled pork sandwich and a side of greens. Wasn't to keen on the hoagie roll (mainly because I'm used to pulled pork on hamburger buns), but that's inconsequential due to the fact that the pork was awesome. This is my main method of judging BBQ joints and they passed with flying colors. Added to that, the greens were perfect. If you've been missing collards, mustard, or turnip greens, this is a great combination of all three. Definitely check in first so you can get the dessert. I didn't but the server didn't mind adding the order, which was nice because of the consideration. I got the banana pudding which was good, but I would have liked to have had some bananas in it. Just preference, really, because the overall flavor was inline with what I wanted. Additionally, the service was very courteous and friendly. Overall, it would be really unfortunate to miss this place especially because there are so few good BBQ restaurants in this town. Check it out. This place is worth it.
I'm from LA and I'm coming to this place every time I go to Vegas.  This place is awesome.  Try their bake potato "fabulous!"
If you love bbq then this is the only spot you need to come! Real wood real smoke, real flavor!
I'm a bit picky when it comes to BBQ.  Rollin smoke BBQ definitely is a legit place!  AWESOME food as well as service!  A must now every time I'm in Vegas!
Not too fancy on the outside but the food here rocks with flavor! Such a great value for all the southern treats you have been craving. I'm from San Diego and WISH this place were closer so that I could frequent it weekly. Service was A+  and the cook came by to offer us samples of the various cobblers and bread pudding. I thought I had died and gone to heaven!
My Dad always said the very best BBQ are always found in a Hole-in-the-wall-joints and that continues to stand true here! This BBQ joint appears to be the perfect example of this and is incredible! The Pit Special provides a perfect meal of four types of meat and three sides, capable of feeding two adults easily (fed me, my wife, and our 7yr old son). The Corn Nuggets are an absolute MUST! For dessert we had the Butterfingers Bread Pudding a-la-mode, and it was a fine finish to an enjoyable meal of BBQ bliss.
Of course, they make the best Q in town. They're from Arkansas! We know barbecue! . . This is the best you can get here and likely anywhere else, too. This is (unlike Memphis) is REALLY competition quality. Freaking amazing and made with love. Honestly, this is homemade that you can buy.
So glad we found this place. This will be the new go to joint for sure when we come to vegas. Love the fact that it's off strip. Had the brisket with waffle fries, side of loaded and mac and cheese. Everything was great and not overtop in sauce, flavor or size.
This place was awesome! My girlfriend and I just got back from a trip to Texas, where we had our share of BBQ.  I was still in the mood for more when we got back to Vegas, and we found this place on Yelp.  The spudtastic was A MAZ ing!  Loaded with pulled pork (my g/f got brisket on hers and loved it too), shredded cheddar, sour cream and onions.  I actually ordered the $24.99 all-you-can-eat.  I couldn't believe it at first, but it really was as much of anything on the menu as you can eat, as long as you eat what you order.  Awesome deal!  My only regret - not going with a bigger appetite because I was too full to try the desserts.  We'll definitely be going back for more baby ribs, more potato salad, more spuds and dessert...OH, and the meatloaf was great (and I'm not a meatloaf person)!  Thanks to the guys at Rollin Smoke!
Went back for my second try.   Better this time, but not great!  The workers are all very nice!. . Again, I got takeout. Brisket was ALL fat and inedible!!  Beef rib was small, but thick; had good flavor, but the top was too charred and crusty.. . The pulled pork and dark-meat chicken was wonderful!  I don't usually order hushpuppies, because I think they're dull. I heard there's had a "kick"-I wasn't disappointed with that!. . The sauce was fabulous!  It is very spicy, which I like.  If you don't like the heat...stay out of this kitchen!  I think they must give the questionable stuff to takeout customers so they don't have to hear you complain.. . Not sure I'll go back.. . OK, SO I'VE BEEN BACK A FEW TIMES SINCE THE LAST REVIEW...THE TRICK IS GPING IN AND ORDERING AT THE PODIUM. Whether eating there or taking to go.  You order and pay first, I leave a generous tip, and get the best BBQ ever since!
Rolling Smoke is easily the best BBQ in Vegas! The "Biggin - Dad's Favorite" is the best BBQ sandwich I have ever had. Layers of flavor with hot link, then pulled pork, and then topped with amazing brisket. I slather on the homemade BBQ for an otherworldly eating experience. Get the baked beans, fried okra, and cornnugget sides for that authentic southern BBQ experience. . The family begs me to take them back almost every night - this place is worth the effort to find. AWESOME!
From a southern bbq cook who makes a lot of it, this is some of the best i've had outside of dixie.These two brothers& their crew have got it goin on- cooked over real wood not in a oven. If you want the real deal go by & see these boys , you will be happy.
Not sure how I have not reviewed Rollin as I 've been here at least 5-6 times.   On my first visit I had the brisket sandwich and the rib combo which comes with their spareribs, baby back ribs, and beef ribs.. . I'm a Texas BBQ snob and although I cant get my Texan BBQ fix, Rollin Smoke is about the best you'll get in Vegas and they do their beef ribs perfect.....falls off the bone, tender, juicy, and so delicious you'll be in a meat coma.  . . Speaking of meat coma, I was talked into getting their AYCE the last 2 times for $25. This is the best value because you can literally get EVERYTHING on the menu but their portions for regular items are huge.   For AYCE, i typically get alot of beef ribs, get some brisket, and catfish.  Their catfish is perfectly fried with a nice crust and I squeeze a little lemon on it and pour a little hot sauce and i devour every bite of it.. . Their desserts, cobblers are great too.  AND this place is open till 1:30 on fri/sats.  Also good for groups - came with a group of 10-12 people and they sat us all easy.  This place is a locals gem and i often see tourists finding their way here.  Def one of Vegas's best!
This place is marvelous. Great Barbeque and Southern cooking. I am thrilled to have found it on Yelp and its now part of my very short "must eat at" list of restaurants.
Best BBQ in Las Vegas, hands down!  The food, especially the peach cobbler is always spot on! The only thing that could possibly make it better is more seating.
This place has the best beef ribs in town. Beef ribs are hard to find so when you find some as great as these, you just have to write a review about them. Fantastic!!
The Beef Brisket Burger is absolutely delicious!  Lots of great items on the menu and they always have some specials as well.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.. . It's an easy to get to location between the strip and the 15 on Highland.. .  I will definitely be back for more of the excellent food!
Short review (to be followed by a longer review): OH MY GOD. Catfish! Ribs! YUM!
Best BBQ!!! Must go!!! They have all you can eat BBQ. And it's not crappy buffet style.  It's made to order every single time!!! Definitely great to come with friends and family!!  . Ordered the beef rib and the meat is falling off the bone. Short ribs too. And their seafood is delicious.
After trying most of the bbq restaurants around town, including the chain bbq places, Rollin Smoke BBQ is the real deal! SIMPLY THE BEST BBQ IN TOWN, the sides and the seafood are great too!!! Do yourself a favor, and treat yourself!!! Bring your family, bring your friends, hell, bring everyone!!! I guarantee you will love it!!! (I posted some of my food pictures here, so check it out!)
The night before, I had dinner at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars. Their brisket was dry...so I decided to venture forth for better smoked meat. . . Yelp led me to Rollin Smoke. . . This place is the definition of a hole in the wall (which made the contrast with the Bacchanal Buffet all the more pronounced). There's a strip club two doors down. Do not judge the book by its cover.. . I ordered at the counter and got the 3-meat combo (brisket, pulled pork, pork ribs) with a side of onion strings and a piece of catfish. Everything was incredibly delicious. The pork rib, particularly, stood out among the meats  - tons of meat, falling-off-the-bone, great smoked flavor. . . But the catfish was the star. There was a delicious coarse cornbread breading...like a hushpuppy around the fish. Unreal!. . Maybe it was because I was eating alone, but there was something magical and welcoming about the atmosphere (a weird word to use for a hole-in-the-wall...) There was a stuffed boar watching me from the corner; i filled up my soda club in a dark closet, but the whole thing was unaccountably perfect. . . One of the DJs from the strip club came in and ate the taller, biggest burger I've ever seen. The two of us chatted with one of the other patrons about how great the BBQ is here. The owner (manager?) noticed that I had done a Yelp checkin and gave me a free dessert (I hadn't even asked). And just as soon as I was wondering how I was going to get back to Caesars...a cabdriver walked in to check out the place. . . I really wanted to go back the next night to try the beef ribs and maybe the baked beans, but alas...it wasn't in the cards.. . My mouth is watering for my next trip to Vegas. . . One small note: Rolling Smoke closes kind of early (8 or 8:30) during the week, but it's open late on Fri and Sat. . . Go there now. You won't be sorry.
I recommend anyone coming to Vegas to always consider trying spots off the strip because you'll always find hidden gems like this one. The best bbq west of the Mississippi hands down! The brisket is tender and the baby back ribs have a ton of meat & fall right off the bone. I recommend the kicken beans and the loaded mash potatoes for sides. The catfish here is very good and melts in your mouth! Place is actually known for their meatloaf and their outlaw burger. The staff is very courteous, friendly and hard working. They put a lot of love in the food that's for sure!!
Man...thank you Nelson Q for checking in! I came right after he left! We had the Pulled Piggy sandwich for $7.99 and the Trio Choice Plate which gives you a choice of 3 meats. We got the brisket, pork, and 2 spare ribs for $13.99. Oh it was divine! The meat on the spare ribs just slips right off of the bone, and the pulled pork was just juicy and full of that smokey flavor.. . The owner conversed with us for a bit, and based on his choice of decor in the place, you can tell hes an Arkansas fan. He was super humble and couldn't stop being grateful for all the Yelpers who had Yelped about this place. He also helped us with making choices. With a party of two he suggested the trio plate and the pulled pork sandwich if we wanted to have variety since the plates were more than enough to share. We chose beans and mac and cheese as our sides, and I tell you it was also just as good and homemade tasting as the meats! He also told us a little bit about the process in which they smoke the meats in their smoker right behind the restaurant, and smokes it for 16 hours (no wonder it's so good!). He wanted give Las Vegas a taste of good old Arkansas bbq, and he sure did!. . When you check in you get a free pie with your meal! I got the sweet potato, ala mode of course! Super delish, and a must try. I will see you soon. Hands down one of my favorite places to eat.
Amazing smoked meatloaf w/ mashed potatoes & onion straws! Definitely a must go to BBQ joint when in Vegas.
Ended up yelping up a place to grab some bbq.  We ordered bbq fries and baby back ribs, both were delicious.  Lee, the owner I believe, was very helpful making sure we had everything we needed.   Will be going back next time we are in  Vegas we will visiting. . . Highly recommended for fantastic food (get the bbq fries) and the amazing customer service.
Top Notch!!! The food was amazing, service was almost better than the food and that's saying a lot. Dusty was super friendly, very hospitable to myself and my girlfriend. Being raised back east, it felt good to finally go to a restaurant and actually feel wanted!!!! Thank you guys! Definitely get the ribs and the brisket, melts in your mouth and the ribs fall off the bone, perfect amount of fat and the smokey flavor is unreal, you can literally taste the smoke before you put the ribs in your mouth. From start to finish just awesome, we will be back time and time again. Keep rolling out the great food guys, it's humbling to see people have a dream and follow it through.
Amazing BBQ joint. My husband and I found it from yelp a few months ago and have been back many times since.. We have been satisfied with the food and staff every visit.
