Best breakfast in Vegas!!!!
Summary:  Perhaps the best breakfast restaurant I've ever found.. . Long version:  So I'm on vacation with my two adult sons (and one of the boy's GF).  Since we're at a timeshare I'm enjoying making breakfast most of the week.  On a lark I decide we're going out, and I google "best las vegas breakfast".  #1 on the list is "The Egg and I".  So we map it and off we go, without a lot of expectations or knowing what's on the menu.  . . So first of all there's a bit of a wait - 15-20 minutes for a table.  Staff is friendly, place is clean, and every table is filled.  We are seated outdoors on the patio and there are heaters set up (the stand-up propane ones) every couple of tables so we're nice and cozy.. . Coffee comes and guess what - it's really good.  I'm a bit of a coffee fanatic - I roast my own beans at home and can distinguish varietals between African and South American by taste - and it's surprisingly lively on the palette for a breakfast joint.. . Between the four of us, we order a vegan breakfast, two different omelets and biscuits and gravy.  Each entry is under $10, and the portions are absolutely ginormous.  It's a quarter to midnight and I'm still stuffed.  . . But most importantly, every thing on the plate is absolutely delicious.  From the specialty omelets to the potatoes to the gravy, everything is simply first rate.  . . Apparently the place has won several awards and is Zagat rated.  I have no reason to doubt any of this - if you're in Las Vegas for breakfast, you absolutely MUST search out and try The Egg and I.
One word DELICIOUS!! Lots of breakfast choices, oh yea n lunch. If you're in Vegas you must stop by! mmmmm Can't wait to go back!
Very cost effective, lighting fast service but never once felt rushed. There was a wide variety for the selection of food and everything that came to our table was cooked perfectly. The Egg and I manages to feel like a neighborhood diner and your family's house all at the same time. No better place in town for breakfast for both taste and value.
always a great place to visit for breakfast :-D. I highly recommend ranch potatoes! small, bite-size, seasoned potatoes are sooooo good! . . I also love their banana nut bread. it comes with a lot of the entrees and it's so moist and delicious! . . they have a similar service style like bumba gump (where if u needed assistance, u would turn your sign to "stop forest, stop!"). they have a happy egg face and sad egg face if u need service
Huge portions, plates are enough for two. Definitely get the banana muffin as a side (comes with most entrees). Great coffee, very friendly staff. And yes, the ranch potatoes are awesome, don't substitute it with fries no matter what your kids say.
After indulging us too much the day before at the Bellagio Buffet, we looked for a nice and decent original coffee shop - or such. The day before my lady had found a voucher in a tourist magazine together with the notion of a review that this place (i.e. both) we're very liked with the community and the reviewers, in fact best liked.. . Being a no brainer it turned up trumps in reality: The place was VERY busy (which we took as a good sign to start with) yet being seated only took a moment and the service was very fast and attentive. Food variety on the menue is almost too big ;-) so I quite took my time to decide. Got an italian influenced omelette which turned out to be very tasty. . One more thing about the service: Our little boy didn't like his fries because they came spiced (paprika or the likes)... they were replaced with plain ones in no time - comped !. . A little before the food arrived a nice and cheerful lady of the staff came over and chatted us up a bit. Her expert eye didn't fail to note that we were out-of-towners. Later, I found out that she was actually the manager (owner?) and had the same first name as my darling ! When she heard that I failed to order the banana nut muffin (house specialty) she had one sent to our table immediately - again, complementary !. . I guess I don't need to say more. Prices very reasonable, yummy food with a lot of variety...wish we had breakfast places like that in Berlin lol.. . Since I guess we will return to Las Vegas at some point in our lives I can clearly see us going there again !
My husband I had heard of this place and we just had to try it. Very cute interior we went on a Tues afternoon so definitely missed the weekend breakfast rush. Let me tell you this place did not disappoint, food was amazing. I had the wonderful Kay's omelet that had tomato, spinach and feta it was so good. When we are in town again definitely gonna go back!!
I love breakfast. It is my favorite... so Mama might be a little picky when it comes to it.. . Obsessed with this place. Amazing service, kind staff, & delicious food! A ton of healthy options! YES! . . Not too far from the strip to check out... skip the buffets & overpriced crap and indulge in the homefries & the amazing banana nut muffins. The scrambles are ridiculous and i added the "sassy apples" to my cottage cheese. . . Just GO! It won't disappoint.  Only thing I would want is a larger selection of coffee type beverages like latte's, etc...
Love this spot for a nice Sunday Brunch!. . ...And I am obviously not the only one in townwho feels the same way.. . Its always nice to know that a place you love so much is appreciated by others, and thats the feeling you get as you pull into the Egg and I on Sahara. Immediately you will notice a group of people waiting patiently outside of the restaurant for the next available seat. When I go, being a smoker, I usually go out on the patio to enjoy the fresh air and a smoke with my coffee and book. The staff is so welcoming. I am a frequent visitor so they know where I would like to sit, escort me to a table of my choosing, provide an ashtray, and offer the heating lamp if it is cold outside. Always friendly, you are not just communicated with by your server, but others in the staff that notice your presence. Nobody walks around with blinders on. You feel as if they are there to enjoy your breakfast with you. . . Speaking of the breakfast; it is the best in town! The wait is never long, and the food is always fresh and hot. Makes one wonder what kind of army is stacked away in the kitchen. Spinning out plate after plate of unique dishes that dont only taste great, but are piled high on your plate, makes me want to walk into the kitchen and give its staff a huge hug. There is something on the menu for everyone's taste, and, unlike many chain breakfast places who will remain unnamed, you actually get fresh ingredients, and flavor without frou frou toppings of berries and whip cream to try and doll it up. I find myself looking at others plates and wondering what they are having with delicious anticipation of trying it the next time. My signature dish is Brads Special, and I almost never stray from a favorite, but the fact that I feel safe to do so at The Egg and I says a lot.. . A pleasant "hello how are you" greets you at the door, and a friendly "Thank you, have a nice day" assures a future visit. If The Egg and I added a few floors atop its building, and offered rooms like a Bed and Breakfast, you better believe there would never be an available occupancy.
O-M-G!! Get yourself the banana nut muffin here! It was so freakin good, I ordered a banana nut bread to go! Yes, they sell a loaf, if you want to take it home and savor it. The banana nut muffin comes with some of the meals, but if it doesn't order it. It comes to you very warm and moist and it was one of the best things I ever ate! I swear you not. . . Anyways, enough of the muff fin because the food was good and service excellent. I ordered the stuffed french toast which included scramble eggs & ham stuffed between 2 thick toast. Man of man, it was alot of food cuz I think they used 4 eggs and then u top it off with syrup. They also had the alot of ranch potatoes that came with it. YUMMY! . . My friend ordered the chicken fried steak skillet. I tasted some of it and it was delicious. The gravy that came with it was just really tasty. I was hearty and I would order it next time...=) . . The service was great with a egg-sign on the table if you wanted a server to come by if you needed anything. You flip it and any of the server who sees it will come to you. NICE! . . This was a great place for brunch and I will be back for the banana nut muffin alone!  A much better brunch place that Hash a go go.
Banana nut muffin, will you marry me?  My husband may object, but that's ok.  We won't tell him.. . The wait on a Sunday morning was 25 minutes.  Obviously, it's a good place if people are waiting.  We didn't mind the wait at all.. . We shared the stuffed french toast (stuffed with eggs, cheese, bacon) and the collision course (a cross between a crepe and omelet).  Mine came with a banana nut muffin.. . My coffee was never empty.. . You know the food is good when you are so full and you keep eating.  You know you're going to get sick, but you just don't care.
This place is amazing for breakfast. We went on a Sunday morning and the line was out the door. Only waited 15 minutes though and we were whisked right in to enjoy a big breakfast. Crazy enough as it is to say, i had eggs benedict for the first time and it was super delicious. It always looked so gross to me cause i thought it was pretty much mayo on top but the waitress was really cool and brought me a sample of the hollandaise sauce to make sure i would like it before i ordered. The service was very good and the waitresses were perfectly attentive. The home fries were awesome that come on the side and breakfast that sunday was all i had hoped and more.
My fiance and I came to this place twice on our last trip to vegas.  I can't tell you how much we liked the place.  The interior was unique and so wat the menu.  The portions were big the coffee was hot and the atmosphere was great.  Good service both times as well.  If you're looking for a great breakfast or lunch joint that blows dennys or ihop out of the water here's your place!!!
Finally! Found a place that makes great eggs! Really really good. Great service as well. I'll be Regular here...
My 300th review, and what best celebrates that then with a review for the best darned breakfast/lunch joint in TOWN! I'm from San Francisco, and I wanted to eat somewhere OFF the strip. (I was staying at Vdara). So I yelped Egg and I, and ventured off the strip with my rental car and my husband. My husband of course was a bit hesitant to venture off the strip, but he was SO happy I found Egg and I. (We ate here every morning of our 3 day stay). It was seriously that good.. . We ordered-. breakfast burrito (ordered with egg whites and light cheese) A+. chicken fried steak: A (better to get sauce on side IMO). chicken omelet (it had a "special" name to it) A+. Denver omelet (ordered with egg whites and light cheese) A+. whole wheat pancakes (HUGE ORDER!) A+. Portions are big, so don't order too much!. . Service was great! We had the same server all 3 days. She was surprised to see us back on the 2nd day, but was just laughing when she saw us the 3rd day. A bit funny I know :) She made sure our visit was pleasant, asking if we needing anything. The only thing I needed was help walking out their door, since I ate so much. . . I hope Egg and I continues to serve great food. Sadly we don't live in Vegas, so we can only visit when we need to sunbathe and gamble :) So that's twice a year, hopefully more!. . Thanks Egg & I, for a 5 STAR experience.
I looooooooooove this place!  Amazing breakfast/brunch. If you love eggs ANYTHING, this is the place to go!  Good portion, cheap price and friendly atmosphere. Everyone should try the taco style omelette!  It's to die for!!!
Totally worth the journey off the Strip.  If I lived in LV I would come here whenever I wanted a good breakfast out.  Big varied menu, friendly service, great food, kid-welcoming, clean, and clearly very highly rated year after year as all the framed Zagat reviews on the front wall testify.  Great experience.
Still great all these years after the Rachel Ray review. I ventured to the Hawaiian section at the back of the menu. The Portuguese sausage with eggs, sticky rice, and a banana nut muffin (of course!) was delish. The sausage was juicy and well grilled. It's a great off-the-strip brunch spot.. . ...and I'm writing this at the restaurant using their free wifi!
My husband and I didn't realize how far this place was from the Strip. A little too expensive of a fare for breakfast! HOWEVER, this place is super yummy. We did have a wait for about 40 minutes upon arrival as well. A local favorite. Combine tourists like us with locals, you got a busy place! Look in the 24/7 guide for a buy 1, get 1 entree free coupon. The banana nut muffin is served warm and is a must eat. We both got omelets - love the unique variety! The homestyle potatoes are super tasty and you get a generous portion. Fresh squeezed orange juice - a plus! The little black/yellow egg flipper as a service indicator is fun and helpful. Within seconds of flipping it to the black egg (meaning we needed service) the MANAGER was over at our table asking what we needed and joking with us. Everyone here is friendly, upbeat and happy you stopped in. Good place, good people. Go.
My wife and I found this place via Yelp and with the help of the turn by turn navigation, discovered the BEST breakfast we ever had!!  The banana nut muffin comes before the meal and it is SUPERB!!  Everything we ordered was FANTASTIC!!  The eggs (over-easy), the bacon, the link sausages, the pancakes, and of course the waffle (loaded with strawberries and whipped cream) could not get any better.  We visit Las Vegas at least 3 times a year and this time we were celebrating our 7th year anniversary.  We've done the hotel dining thing at most of the 4 & 5 star rated places and they don't even come close to being as good as the Egg & I.  We do have to thank Denny's for being so awful the morning before and that is what led us to the BEST BREAKFAST in fabulous Las Vegas.  Being from Hawaii, it was a pleasant surprise to see a "hawaiian" section in the menu.  A lot of Hawaii people visit the 9th island and we will definitely be telling our friends about this wonderful eatery on West Sahara.
yum, yum! Im a fan.  Big portions, not enough room in my stomach, I will visit again. Besides the food being tasty, the services was spectacular.  :)
This place is simply delicious! Nice size portions for a decent price. There can be a bit of a wait , but its well worth the wait. Just thinking about it makes me all tingly on the inside. LOL. . . a nice hidden jewel away from the strip, but for us locals who drive by on our way to work or church...we know what kind of gemstone it really is@ . . Most importantly, it is kid friendly. For people who have two young ones and who also has friends who has two young ones...its a good fit for us. . . yummmie...
The waitress was really nice, and even suggested some dives to check out while visiting, and brought each 4 of us one of their banana nut muffins on the house. Not only was it a sweet gesture, the things MELT IN YOUR MOUTH. If this is how they hook you, so be it, they are AMAZING. . . Everyone was more than pleased with their order; I had the philly cheese steak, great meat to veggies ratio, very tasty, and their fries are killer. They put a little something special on them, my guess was season salt. . . For how expensive Vegas can be, this place offers a refreshing break!
best breakfast in vegas, screw the fat ho bag buffets, this place was delicious, the tri-tip benedict, got handled! fresh, friendly, and tasty!
Fast service and amazing food! Price was was very good.
I always thought this place didn't seem appetizing from what it looks like on the outside, but it's actually cozy & welcoming! The service is quick & food is delicious...especially their banana nut muffins & ranch potatoes. I will definitely come back & recommend this place to my family & friends.
My first impression was, "Cute sad and happy egg people everywhere!". . The decor of this breakfast house really caught my attention as I first walked in. Eggs are featured on everything from their tableware, to their menu, and their walls. It's too adorable. The menu looks like a real newspaper which is also a nice little touch to the theme of this restaurant. Bright yellow everywhere is a great way to brighten up and start your day in Vegas!. . We went to Egg & I for brunch and I can say it loud and proud, this is the best American breakfast I have ever had. Hearty, filling, innovative, more than just eggs and waffles. Egg & I has taken breakfast foods to a whole different level. I ordered the Eggs Benedict Florentine (featured on Rachel Ray) which had  spinach, canadian bacon, two poached eggs on a grilled english muffin, with hollandaise sauce. We also ordered an omelette, Both served with ranch potatoes...by far the best breakfast potatoes on this planet. I forgot the name of the omelette, but I know for sure I'd order the eggs benedict florentine and extra banana nut muffins on the side. The complimentary banana nut muffins are made fresh in house, and they are SO GOOD. The service was just as bubbly and friendly as this restaurant is. If you want to start your day right in Vegas, this is definitely one of your options.. . The lasting impression? "Love my breakfast, let's get it on country style at Egg & I!"
Banana nut muffin & their potato hash is the business!!!. . This place only serves breakfast & i believe they close at 3pm. The menu looks like a morning's newspaper, they have tons of yummy items to choose from. The trick to getting your waiter's attention: first you'd have to look at the smiley egg that holds the condiments on your table and when you flip the egg to a frown, you'll be serviced in no time. Unless they are super busy and most of the time they are so just wait patiently. . . The food portion size is big, I would say that thee portion is adult men's size who is damn hungry in the morning because I never finish and always pack it home.. . Every time I order unlimited coffee, it always taste old (drink @ your own risk) :\ so I never get coffee unless I absolutely need it. . . Overall, I love this place! Mainly I give them a 5 for the damn food...it's just too damn good.
Best breakfast I had in Vegas. You'll need a car to get there if you're staying on the strip, but it's worth the drive. The ranch potatoes are fantastic! Great food at a great price and good service, too.
It's a cab ride off the Strip, but worth it!. . I'm in Vegas two of three times a year, and Egg and I has become one of my regular stops. The Kay's Special omelet will change your life.. . And the banana nut muffin will have you believing in a higher power, no matter how you've done at the tables.
This quickly became my favorite go to breakfast/brunch spot on my way out of las Vegas. The kays special, banana nut muffin, and the coffee are all fantastic. The waitress tells me the skillets are where its at as well.
LOVE THIS PLACE! I think I have found my new favorite breakfast place. Move over, Hash House!. . I've been wanting to go here for a long time and was so happy that my friend's house is only a few blocks away! I got our food to go since we had to start driving back home to LA and it only took 10 minutes. . . I ordered the bacon avocado and cheese omelette. Yum! The ranch potatoes on the side were effing awesome. The seasoning had just the right amount of kick to it. I gobbled everything up. You get to choose between toast and the banana nut muffin so of course I got the muffin. Holy moly! Delicious! It was so soft and moist I could have eaten 5 more. I wish I got some to go. I don't even like bananas!. . Joe got Kay's special which has spinach, swiss, artichoke. It was pretty good but I liked my ABC better. :). . Get the orange juice. So good! Just the right amount of pulp, sweetness, and tartness.
For the hungry, this place serves up the nice sized portion.  For the picky, the food tastes great.  For those who like flexibility, these guys entertain reasonable substitutions!  . . I just happened by this place on a Saturday morning.  There was a 15-20 minute wait for a table, which can be an annoyance, or it can be an excellent endorsement for patience.  My wife had a four-egg multi-cheese omelette, and tiny as she is, she ate every bit, washing it down with coffee (that was attentively refilled!).  It came with choice of potatoes and a super-delicious muffin.  I had a specialty omelette that was filled with spicy veggies and cheese.  When it came time to kick the spuds to the side, the waitress offered fruit, tomatoes, or fruit and tomatoes!  The fruit was chosen, fresh, sliced, and nicely arranged.  I had the coffee too, and the waitress was never stingy when more creamers were requested.  Such good service.  I can see why this place has people waiting for a seat.. . This place has the best egg-dish menu I've ever seen.  The price of most dishes is in the $10.00 or less range.  They have plasma TV's strategically placed on walls, so you can watch sports if the conversation crashes.  It's all good. This is the best non-buffet breakfast I've had in Las Vegas.
Me and my girl were in Vegas and as usual Yelp really came through. This place has really good breakfast at a very reasonable price. The potatoes were some of the best I've ever tasted. The seasoning they put on them is the bomb! We also tried the spinach mushroom omelet and the chicken tortilla soup. The only complaint was that the soup was way too salty but the omelet was worth the drive out.
Now my second favorite breakfast in Las Vegas (Hash House is #1). The place doesn't look like much situated in a rundown strip mall several miles off the strip. I am thrilled we picked this place though, they have earned all their outstanding Yelp reviews. Excellent service and excellent food.
On our last morning in Vegas, we decided to have an American breakfast and found Egg and I on Yelp (of course!).. . I had the pancakes, bacon, and eggs combination (around $7.00) and my friend had the eggs, muffin, and potatoes combination (@ $6.75).  Both were excellent and the vibe here really brightens your day.  The people working are cheery, friendly, and serve your quick and come back when you're not happy.  How do they know when you're not happy?  Well, you turn the egg over to the unhappy face!!! haha.  great customer service!. . I enjoyed my breakfast here and all the way into the parking lot until Jeff Rose (of Boston, MA) backed into our car and left a dent.  sad face!  We got the car fixed, but so far Jeff has not responded and looks like Jeff's going to bail on paying for an accident that was his fault.. . Xie Xie!!
When I'm in Las Vegas this is my favorite place to have breakfast.  Being a night owl while I'm there playing poker tournaments I usually miss breakfast at most places.  The Egg & I is open until 3 PM and they never turn you away if you are there at or before 2:59 PM.  The potatoes are amazing and my new favorite on the menu is Francisco's Scramble.  They also bring you a full pot of coffee so you don't have to constantly look for your server to fill your cup.
Been coming here for the past couple of summers, at least twice a week.  Considering that I'm only awake these 'early' hours (the place is only open from 6am to 3pm) a few times a week, that's a fairly high ratio, now that I think about it.. . Menu items of note:. Crazy Chicken - simply a well balanced omelette. . Eggs Benedict Florentine - not a fan of eggs benedict in general, but I am when I come here. . Banana Nut Muffin - this thing might be enough of areason to come here just by itself. . Haole (sp?) loco - on the back page, under the Hawaiian section, it's one of the more fattening things on the menu, but very tasty.. . Not a fan of their homefries, so I substitute them out with fruit instead. . Service:. The servers are usually quite friendly, helpful, and attentive.. . Reasons why I come here:. This is one of the cheaper and healthier breakfast options in Vegas, yet there is no sacrifice in quality for the food.  Much better than the overrated Hash House a Go Go.  Oh, and if you are coming here for the first time, do yourself a favor and get the darn Banana Nut Muffin.
Saw this place on yelp and saw the review and decided to try this place. And guess what, this place is GOOD!! I tried the egg-ception scramble and with fruits and with banana nut muffin! And WOW! the banana nut muffin is so good!! I would definitely come here again! . . If you ever gonna come here, you gotta try the banana nut muffin!!
As we were leaving our hotel one morning I asked the Valet where the best breakfast spot is OFF the strip.  He immediately said the Egg and I.  He gave us directions and this place did not disappoint.  Its about a 10 minute drive from the strip but well worth it.  The portions are large, the service is outstanding and the food is great!  . . Prior to arriving, I yelped it and saw all the great reviews.  We ordered the Banana nut muffin which was really good.  It was served warm with whipped butter.  Excellent start.. . We ordered the ultimate skillet and a chile relleno omelet with a side of biscuit and gravy.  When the food came out I was amazed by the sheer size of the skillet.  It was was mound of food all served fresh and hot.  My chili relleno omelet was SOOO DELICIOUS.  It was topped off with melted cheese and a enchilada sauce with minced cilantro.  The omelet was one the best I've ever had.  The ranch potato's were crispy and seasoned well.  My biscuit and gravy was good but I was not really wowed by it.  . . Our service was great.  The kept our beverage cups full and checked on us without being annoying.  The decor is a little cheesy but it works.  There are TVs on every wall so you can watch the news or ESPN.  . . Definitely will be back the next time in Vegas.  Its a nice break from all hustle and bustle of the strip.
rise and shine 702!. . Thanks for all the wonderful yelp reviews~ I finally had my first experience at Egg & I this past Thursday.. . My gf & I had breakfast around 11am. It was really crowded but there was only a 10 minute wait.. . We ordered the croissant sandwich, I had mines with turkey sausage and fruits and she had hers with bacon and potatoes. . . Service was great, food came out fast. Casual dining, indoor/outdoor seating, private lot. meal for 2 cost around $26. . . I'll be back for more.. . Egg & I makes my breakfast in 702 list! If you're looking to get your morning fix, stop by Egg & I! . . -Miss Yelp 2011
Dont be fooled by the exterior! its not your typical VEGAS glitz and glam.. it is a bit off the strip but every bit worth it!!! . . Both my husband and I had Omelets.. WOW.  absolutely delish! Not skimpy on ingredients at all and piping hot! . . My husband is a breakfast potato guru and he was FLOORED and in love.. . We may have to plan our next vegas trip just around this place!. . - been back time and time again and never disappointed! This place does draw a crowd- a hungover and local crowd so be prepared to wait!
Yum Yum! Great breakfast, great service, homey and friendly. This will be our choice from now on when in Las Vegas.
We went here earlier this month not realizing that we'd been to their other Southeastern location in April 2010.  We were thrillled because we loved the food!  The coffee is so good and strong and love anywhere like this that leaves the urn on the table so you don't have wait for refills (I hate that!).. I had the Taco Rancheros which was a flour torilla covered with scrambled eggs, seasoned ground beef, refried beans, cheese, sour cream and salsa. I put the fried potatoes on top of it and it was awesome! . My boyfriend had the Reuben Sandwich and he loved it.. This is one of those places where you get so much food that you don't need to eat again until dinner!
I went here for breakfast on a recommendation and I will be back every time I'm in Vegas, period. Portion size and price mean very little if the food is not worth talking about. This was breakfast heaven. The wait staff was outstanding (ask for Sam if she's there), the service was prompt, the portions were plentiful, the price was appropriate for the size of the portions and the food was absolutely phenomenal. Get the banana nut muffin whether it's included or not. It was so good, it tasted like a dessert. To add butter or anything else to it would be a crime, it was perfect the way it was. My wife had waffles with strawberries and whipped cream. Typically, she does not eat large portion meals without sliding some of it across the table to me. She polished off the whole thing. I had some kind of special that came with four scrambled eggs mixed with bacon, spinach, mushrooms and loads of cheese and some kind of side of potatoes that was eye-rolling awesome. I've been on this planet for over half a century and I honestly don't remember the last time I had a breakfast that tasted this good from start to finish. According to Sam, everything on the menu can be modified or customized to taste and size. This place is almost a reason to go to Vegas if for no other reason. I highly recommend it.
So, after a crazy weekend in Vegas whats the first thing your body needs before you hit the traffic on I -15?  An IV, close... Breakfast.  The Egg & I is not to far off the strip, only about a mile depending on where you stay.  We took the back roads from Caesars and our ETA was about 5 minutes. . . The coolest thing is their "happy egg, sad egg" stand at the edge of the table.  Whenever you need something like a drink refill, or if you have a problem with anything, just flip the egg from the happy black face to the sad yellow face.  We tested this unique method of customer service and within seconds we had our waitress back at the table asking if we needed anything.  Even without flipping the egg the waitress was very attentive.. . After you get your drinks the waitress will bring you a fresh baked banana nut muffin.  My buddy thought he was flirting with the waitress, and they totally were, so he made us all thank him graciously for the 2 muffins.  Then after 30 seconds of looking around, you realize everyone gets a muffin.  *Sad egg face Jordan, sorry :^(   But the muffin is warm and delicious.  . . We had a party of 4 and we all got something different and it was all great.  I got chicken fried steak covered in gravy atop a mound of ranch potatoes with 3 fried eggs on top, and the best part about it was... they CUT it up for you!  This is when I found out I am lazy because you know you're lazy when you get excited about your food coming pre-cut.  The chicken breast was moist and the outside was perfectly crisp, and with every bite the batter unleashed a flurry of flavor.  Mouth watering.  The hype about their ranch potatoes is true.  They are really good and live up to the expectations other yelpers have set fourth.  I haven't had anything quite like them ever before.  My plate also came with a side of fresh seasonal fruit and a biscuit for gravy dunking. . . The rest of the gang ordered: eggs benedict, the breakfast burrito, and a plain jane 2-egg breakfast with bacon.  All of which was worth the wait on a Sunday morning.. . 5-Stars for the overall experience.  The waitress was cute and friendly even if she didn't give Jordan a muffin because he was "special," their happy egg / sad egg system works well when you need something in a pinch, the superior quality of the food and the prices are great especially after losing a couple G's at the tables in Vegas.
LOVE this place! My friend turned me on to this "off-strip" gem on my bday.. . Great menu, fast service and fairly cheap prices. LARGE portions so maybe split your breakfasts!
My favorite breakfast place in all of Las Vegas. The staff is amazingly friendly and efficient and the food is off the hook!  Try their omlette-crepe combos for a treat you can't get anywhere else.  So fun.
If you want some pretty awesome breakfast food with great portions and a friendly staff, then this spot is just for you.  I ordered the Prime Rib Benny and was more than satisfied at how generous the portion was along with how delicious it tasted!  Now I know a Prime Rib Benny isn't something that sounds all too familiar to anyone who hasn't been to this restaurant, so picture this:  juicy and flavorful pieces of blackened prime rib chopped up with poached eggs crowning an open faced buttery croissant, which is then drizzled with a rich and creamy hollandaise sauce.  It's like what traditional egg benedicts dream to be some day basically.  Regular eggs benedict is Carlton Banks, Prime Rib Benny is Will Smith.  You get the picture.. . Besides the entree itself, my order of OJ was fresh squeezed and just right.  Their lemonade was great too, which is a definite plus in my book.  I also had a taste of their French fries and Portuguese sausage, which my cousins ordered and both were very tasty, too!  The fries were thin, crispy and flavorful.  While the Portuguese sausage was not overly oily and fatty and was cooked just right.. . Service was verygood, as our waiter was attentive, friendly and always available.  They have this nifty little feature on your table where there's a sign of a sad face and on the other side of it, a sign of a happy face.  When you want your server's attention, you just flip the sign to show the sad face and you'll be helped right away.  I found this to be a very memorable and smart way of the restaurant going the extra mile to offer as much quality service to its patrons.
This is the best hangover breakfast spot in all of Vega$$! . . The following reasons will state "how come:". . BIG MENU. HUGE PORTIONS. DELICIOUSLY GREASY PORK PRODUCTS. FRIENDLY STAFF. EXTREMELY INEXPENSIVE. CLOSE TO FREEWAY. . Just go already!
This place is great!!! . . The Staff is friendly. The food portions are perfect. The prices are spot on. . . Must try!!!
I love the place but the water is horrible! Which in turn makes the coffee terrible. Please EGG & I, do something about the water. It's really really bad! However the food is the best in vegas! I will just have to drink orange juice until you fix it I guess.
Ate here while in LV on business and was blown away. Had time in the morning, so decided to get off the strip, and found this gem. Got the Mexican Eggs Benedict, and it couldn't have been any better. And their potatoes are the best I have ever had.  I wish this place was in Indy!!
Mmmm, mmmm gewd!  Wake up before you get here.  Drink some caffeine, ride with the windows down, stick your head out the window with your tongue in the wind.  Come ready to read & eat because you have a massive book of a menu to study before making a tasty decision, which you really can't go wrong.  Everything is very good, but very different with generous blends of ingredients.  Def not your normal boring breakfast foods.. . So, if you're not awake and not ready to study the menu, use the random decision making method by closing your eyes before opening the menu to a any page and ordering the first item your finger lands upon.. . You always have the choice of warm, fresh banana nut muffin or toast.  Let me repeat -- warm, fresh banana nut muffin, ahhhhh.  Just about everything on the menu is served with their yummilicious ranch style potatoes.. . My favorite thing here is the Pesto Scramble (4 eggs scrambled with sliced chicken, pesto, tomatoes, spinach, and feta cheese.)  My other favorite is when they have the Country Potato Soup special, which is a creamy potato soup topped with lots of chives and some bacon.   It's not a regular menu item. . . The wait staff is consistently great.  Prices are great and portions are generous.  If you come on a weekend day come early or call first.  Sometimes there is quite a wait to be seated during late morning.
Places like this is when I appreciate my iphone and the yelp app the most.. . Was in Vegas and wanted some breakfast that doesn't come with the word "Buffet" attached to it. Looked up on Yelp and found this little gem.. . It's around a 10minute drive from the Strip, without traffic of course.. . I ordered the Crazy Chicken omelet with the muffin. They leave the whole carafe of coffee on your table, saving yourself from waving down a waiter(ess) every time you want a refill.. . The omelet itself was very tasty, the muffin, while not as heavenly as some others claim, was indeed very moist and tasty and worth a try. The potato that came was what made my day. The fried squared shaped potato was crispy on the outside, but still mushy on the inside! Such a delight!. . If I find myself in Vegas some other day, I'll definitely come back again!. . Try to be here before 9am on the weekend, the waiting list was long by the time we arrived at 10am on the Saturday we visited.
When they have a 30 minute wait at 9am on a Thursday, they must be doing something right.  I got one of the skillets with chorizo.  I honestly don't remember which one because I was in a food coma when I left.  I will for sure get comatose there again soon I hope.
Wish you were so much closer to me! Better yet no I don't I would totally gain 20 pds by you lol! Love this home fashioned yet unique breakfast joint! I will make a stop here everytime for at least one breakfast if in the area.  Here is what I ordered:. . MEXICAN OMELETTE. Chorizo* sausage, green chilies, diced onion, and melted cheeses.. Covered with salsa and sour cream. About 10 bucks and two biscuits on the side.. . I don't know what they put in their seasonings but Y-U-M-M-Y!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I usually never finish a plate that has such huge portions but I gobbled this one all the way! And yup they have MILITARY Discount!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Their menu is full of things I am just dying to try in the future! We got here about 11:30 and only waited about 5 minutes before seating. Breakfast is served until 3:00 for all the late nighters! MMM..MMM.....Good!
Great service, great food, great price; this place is THE place for breakfast... . . Only comment is that the potatoes were a bit salty for my taste, but substitutions were readily available.. . We went three of the five days in Vegas, will definitely go again.
Really good food, super fast service!
Loved it! Awesome waiter, service and food. Big portions for great price. Yummy food. I got chile relleno omelet. Oh and I got to use a coupon buy one get one free. I got the coupon from this lil book all cabs carry
Best breakfast place i have ever been to! We experienced great service , and good food.Ou waitress was super nice. I love chille rellenos, so i had to try their chille relleno omelet. OMG BOMB lol it was so good. i had to try their banana bread  muffin it was good! i live in cali ,but travel to vegas a lot. Every time we are out in vegas this will be our go to place for breakfast!
Oh my god breakfast for four. This turned out to be enough for lunch too. I would recommend this place anytime.
My wife and I had discovered Egg and I 18 months ago when we decided to have breakfast after a late night out away from the Vegas strip. After reading all the good reviews on Yelp..we decided to try this place..and we love it so much that we have breakfast here everytime we come to Vegas from San Francisco - Bay Area. . . We have tried several breakfast places on the Vegas strip and it does not even come close to the service, price, and quality of food at Egg and I.  . . The Banana Nut Muffin is a MUST try!!!
Bacon and avocado!!. This place is fantastic.. . WARNING: It is usually busy. While the staff does a great job of managing their tables and seating, expect to wait. It is just that popular.
This local hot spot takes pride in scratch made food. Ive been eating here for a decade & am happy to say they have added several new locations. Im addicted to Brad's cincy chili. Its beanless, sweet, smokey, & mouth watering delicious. I always have the 4-way, noodles, chili, cheese & onions. 5-way adds beans. I do not like kidney beans & dont like them forced into my chili. This dish is enormous & inexpensive. This dish is made with love, plain & simple. The entire staff is always welcoming. They know how to treat their regulars & irregulars.They have a prime rib benedict, health conscious items. When i eat there i am far from health conscious. i am down right unconscious & barbareick. They never laugh or stare when i have a couple entrees going at once. What can I say, options are hard cause there are so many good ones.
Never in my life have I ever eaten a banana nut muffin that made me want to kill a unicorn so that it may get a leg up in the race of All Things Magical.. . Godspeed, oh glorious muffin!
We love having breakfast here every time we're in Vegas. I love the Asian breakfast selection that they have on a separate sheet. I always get the spam and eggs. It comes with white sticky rice. Yum! Reminds me of home. I have had the Brad's Very Special but it's not my favorite. My hubby and brother in law always get either the Mexican Omelette or the Francisco's Scramble. We love this place. It gets very busy during peak hours  so get there before 9am. But, it's a pretty big place and it has a huge patio. So, we never have a long wait. If you want a great breakfast head over here. This is also our favorite location. They have really good service here. The Egg Works is not as good as this location.
Someone call 911, because I'm in a food coma over the Banana Bread French Toast. . . It should be illegal its so good. I'm guessing that batter frying slices of Banana Bread is only legal in Vegas. . . Lots of other goodies on the menu. My wife got a savory crepe that was delicious with a side of their seasoned potatoes that you don't want to stop eating. . . Escape from the strip and go here for breakfast if you are in town. It was so good, I went twice during our stay. . . Service was good. Everyone is attentive and mostly smiling (which is rare to find). They give you your own pot of coffee which is a huge plus in my book.
Had the chile relleno omelette and it was amazing. Also had the banana pancakes which were good but probably would have been better if I didn't choose the healthier buckwheat option.
I was here on Sunday 2/12/12. OMG let me say I'm so glad I got the blackened prime rib benedict. Rich, oh yeah, but I've never seen an offering like this on any type of breakfast menu. Who cares about the seating being a little bit tight (there was plenty of seating outdoors BTW) when the food is so good. It's a vacation after all :)    large portions, so worth the $. Wish I had at least tasted my niece Amaya's muffin, as I also heard other customer's rave's as I was exiting. Definite return next trip!
Delicious! Great variety of breakfast dishes. From different benedicts to a variety of scrambles and omelets. Also non egg dishes like french toast and burgers and sandwiches. Have the country potatoes, they're seasoned and cut into perfect bite sizes. Well worth the 20 minute wait
At the behest of a good friend (who has great tastein food), our group headed out here for breakfast.. . Upon entering, I was completely taken to a different place, away from all the lights, sounds of Las Vegas.  I felt like I was almost at home. From the greeters, to the servers, service was awesome.  Served with a smile and genuine people, I was more than happy here.. . And the food...oh...so tasty.  I had a prime rib skillet, which was freaking huge. I absolutely enjoyed my meal (the potatoes....SO GOOD), although I have to admit I think my friend's country steak stole the show, and I will be ordering that next time.. . And there will be a next time :D
OMG their banana bread is delicious!
Great breakfast!!!! Rented a car in Las Vegas and decided to getaway from the strip for breakfast. Found this place on yelp and had great reviews. So glad we did!!! John was an awesome server and loved the table egg flip card if you need anything :) great idea!!!!! Best pancakes and he even gave us a bowl of blueberries and whip cream if we wanted it. Yum!!!! Great food, prices, service and worth the trip!!!! Can't wait to go back.
Great breakfast spot. I would recommend the Kay's Special omelet and the banana muffin definitely my go to at this place.
Pancakes are moist, fluffy, and delicious! The menu said they serve small pancakes but when I got my order it was almost as big as the plate :). Sausage links amazing too!. . I ordered orange juice which is freshly squeezed = YUMMY!!
Corn beef hash from scratch is the ish
TASTY!!  We went here twice for brunch during our 3-day vacation.  On the first day I got the ultimate skillet (no cheese) with Portuguese sausage instead of regular sausage (reminded me of Hawaii).  It had bacon, sausage, peppers, ranch potatoes and other deliciousness topped with 2 eggs over easy.   Super great! Also, the server gave me an ice tea to take with me.  The service was pretty good - it was packed but it seems the staff actually pays attention to the system of "frowny egg"/ "happy egg" because when we put the frowny egg on for more coffee, people came immediately.  . The second day I got the prime rib benedict but with guacamole instead of hollandaise sauce.  That was awesome!  They were actually too generous with the guac and I had to leave some behind on my skillet.  Service was again pretty good, but we got the same waiter who remembered us.  Everyone else at the table was also very pleased with their meals.  Can't wait to return on future Vegas trips.
This great breakfast place is across the street from me, so I've eaten there many times. I actually go by there a couple times a month just to pick up their famous banana muffins, which my son devours!. . I've ordered their oatmeal, their scrambles, their wonderful blueberry pancakes that they make with multi-grain (or was it whole wheat?). I'm not sure if I ever ordered anything that wasn't good.. . Their service has been great so far. They have that nifty system of turning your egg sign on your table if you need service. I'd have to say their wait staff has always been efficient and attentive.. . We often frequent Egg Works, Cracked Egg, I'm not sure if it's all owned by the same company. Their menus are slightly different, some serve coffee cakes, some serve muffins. You can't really miss with either one, they are all delicious.. . Highly recommend for your family-friendly casual breakfast/brunch. Beware like many great breakfast places, the weekends get pretty busy, especially Sunday during the church rush. Definitely worth it :)
Another local find. Lots of regulars. Friendly attentive staff. We ordered the half skillet and french toast. Both were tasty. It is nice to be able to half an order because sometimes you just aren't that hungry so I really appreciated that I was able to finish my plate. Coffee was good as well as the fresh juice.. Plan to eat there again and will definitely try their other locations.
I was glad that I only ordered a half serving of Ultimate Skillet - because the serving was GENEROUS!!!!! Ultimate Skillet was definitely a classic and very satisfying - A flavorful combination of sausage, ham, bacon, mushroom, onions, tomatoes, spinach and bell pepper, topped with a perfectly poached egg. Ohhh.... and that's not the end of it! All order came with a banana nut muffin that was moist and soft........ . Yummmmmmmmmm...... definitely worth the wait!
Another breakfast place serving up obscenely huge, greasy portions of artery-clogging nonsense. However, they do some good healthy choice options on the menu that are fan-fuckin'-tastic! . . The food quality is excellent and they have a patio for al fresco dining...although the patio faces out onto West Sahara Ave, an insanely busy thoroughfare clogged with carcinogen-belching traffic. So maybe not the BEST place to sit outdoors.. . When considering breakfast spots on the West side, it's between this, the Coffee Pub (better alfresco dining atmo) and the Omelet House kitschier, retro vibe). All three are great, though.
Sin City is the playground for to-be-brides, burned-out college students, and exotic dancers galore.  But with the bright lights and a full schedule of gambling, shopping, and drinking you definitely need to start your day right with the most important meal of the day--breakfast. Egg & I is a local favorite and contrary to the restaurant's name they do serve entrees san eggs. *gasp* . . The offering:. *Reuben Sandwich w/ Fries: The meat was perfectly seasoned between two toasted slices of bread. mmMmmm... Oh and they gave an extremely generous offering of french fries. yum yum! . *Fender Blender: Some type of egg and crepe contraction which was light fluffy and all around delicious. It came with an asian-inspired sauce which complimented the main course perfectly. Oh and the potatoes were spot-on!   . *Florentine Omlette (Daily Special): Ironically the daily special was not special at all . Instead it was a complete epic fail in my party.  Way too cheesy as the produce was drowning in the gooey sea.   . . The food is great, the price is right ($8 average entree), and I'm definitely coming back!
I'm not really a breakfast person but this place was suggested by someone and my friend and I decided to check it out. It's such a cute little place, with delicious food. The environment was super cozy. It's a must if you go to Vegas for a little vacation.
This place served the best corned beef hash I've ever had! Shredded corned beef, mixed with potatoes and maybe some onions and peppers. I'm not exactly sure but yum it was delicious. Definitely coming back for this dish next time I'm in Vegas. . Their blueberry pancakes were packed with plump blueberries. Saved the banana nut muffin for the drive home immediately after breakfast.. Very tasty, once you start you cant stop. The place was packed on the Sunday we visited but the wait was not bad at all. Glad we came here instead of a buffet on the Blvd.
You won't go wrong with Egg & I. The waitresses are practically giddy with happiness, the portions are humongous, the food is fresh and delicious, and the prices are very fair. . . The location is about 5 miles west of the Strip, so this is primarily for locals, which adds a more normal vibe compared to the touristy traps that dot this crazy little town.
As good as it gets!. . Came here in April to meet up with an old friend.  This place was very cute and spacious. We got seated right away.  The menu is like a newspaper, but not. I thought that was really neat and fun, quite creative if you ask me.  The corn beed hash is very up to par with what I consider a good corn beef hash. Trust me, I'm very nit picky about my hash & how I like them.  I really enjoyed the potatoes as well. Brownie points for endless coffee.  It's all you can drink so that's nice.. . DON'T forget the MUFFIN!!! Melt in your mouth good. GET THE MUFFIN!
Great food! Nice people!
Super delicious! Spotted this gem as we were driving around looking for a gas station. My mom had been to their other location, so we stopped in. . . The food and service were incredible! I had the biscuits and gravy with sausage patties. potatoes and scrambled eggs. It came on a huge platter! The biscuits were soft and fluffy with tons of flavorful gravy. My mom had the sausage patties, eggs and potatoes. The potatoes had a bit too much seasoning salt for my taste, by everything else was amazing.. . The service really took things up a notch. They have a stand on the table where you flip the egg over if you need service. Different servers stopped in and refilled our drink while we were eating. Our glasses never got less than half-empty.. . Definitely try either location. Every plate we saw being served up looked amazing!
This place is part of the chain that's popping up all over Vegas.  I have never been to this particular restaurant, but I think I recognize the manager from my visit to the Flamingo store.  She impressed me with her rejection of food at the pass-through to make sure the quality was up to her standards.  My food pretty much reflected that same quality I experienced at the other store.  I had the prime rib benedict which is diced prime rib with sauted spinich and roasted red bell pepper on top of a croissant with the hollandaise.  This was outstanding.  The hollandaise was just the right amount combined with the eggyolk produced the best benedict I have ever had.  I know thier home fries are deep fried cubes which is not my preference (I like hash), so I asked them to not even bring the potatoes.  I ordered a short stack of blueberry pancakes just to try them.  They are served with a compote on the side and syrup on the side. I just wanted to eat the edge of the cakes and they did have a little texture, but not as crispy as I would have liked.  The compote didn't taste homemade. It reminded me of the Comstock out of a can.  The syrup is also a maple flavored corn syrup as opposed to real maple syrup.  But...  butter is butter and that really works well with pancakes, so I had my edges with butter and it was good. For the price, I can't expect too much gourmet.  I think what you get for the money, you are getting a great product and the service is the key to this well oiled machine.  Friendly staff and a high degree of quality makes this chain a winner and that's hard to find in Vegas.
Great food, great service.   Found this place while visiting Vegas.  Great American and Mexican breakfast specials.  Great options, great service, great price - get off the strip.
I love it lots of food, great service and a pot of coffee!
I had read about this place, and really just wanted to check it out with my family. We were not disappointed! And, the place was packed...always a good sign. The food we ordered was delicious. The staff was very friendly and the service was quick and helpful., Prices were very reasonable and the portions good sized with delicious homemade flavors!  It was the best tasting skillet breakfast we ever have.. ....Just a great experience all around. We definitely want to go back there again.
This is the best breakfast spot I've ever been to in Vegas!. . They are very accommodating with small changes, fast and generous with their portions.  The restaurant is clean and there is ample parking.  . . If you're staying in Vegas and have access to a car - then for sure - get off the strip because you won't find anything that beats Egg & I.
Hands down, they are my favorite breakfast establishment.  I have been here three times and loved all the dishes I have ordered (eggs benedict florentines, taco rancheros, & omelette). Too bad, there is no Egg & I around where I live!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Breakfast. Its my favorite meal of the day and i'm glad The Egg and I did not disappoint. Cute name btw. . . I ordered the Egg's Benedict Florentine.  As soon as I read fresh spinach, poached eggs and bacon, i was sold. I'm not usually a fan of ham (since i'm sensitive to salt. Anything too salty and i wont like the food) but this canadian bacon was perfect; not too salty. Eggs were nice and runny. Hollandaise sauce was flavorful. Fruit were far and few but I can't complain. . . I checked into Foursquare and was treated to their banana nut bread/muffin. OMG it was sooo good. This is the one time i'd have to say Give me MORE muffin tops. Fresh Warm and Delicious!
If your looking for a great Breakfast spot in the LV area, look no further.  This place was great.  I ordered 2 eggs over-easy, with Potatoes and bacon.  My wife got an omlet.  We also ordered a biscuits and gravy.  Everything was AMAZING!!!!!!  It can get kind of crowded in the AM on the weekends but its worth it.
A group of 15 girls arrived here on a HOT Saturday morning. Half of us were hungover, half of us were starving and all of us were in a rush. We had bachelorette duties to attend to in oh about 1.5-2 hours. The place was really busy and didn't seem possible to get a large party seated and fed within our time frame. Surprisingly enough, we got seated in about 20 minutes. We got right down to ordering and in about 20 more minutes, our food was in front of us ready to be devoured. We ordered the Chicken Fried Steak, Eggs Benedict Florentine, Ultimate Skillet, French Toast and of course the Banana Nut Muffin. The portions were huge and the food was tasty. The best part of the brunch was the service. It was very friendly and fast. We got out of there with satisfied tummies and within good time. This place is definitely worth the trip off the strip.
This is the best place for breakfast around Vegas.. Nice size potions, yummy food and great service.. . I go there all the way from Los Angeles!. . Keep up the good work! :)
Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so I'm glad I searched this place out on our last trip out to Vegas. I'm so over the pricey and mediocre food at the buffets on the strip for breakfast. So we came here based on the yelp reviews.. . First, they have a huge menu, which makes it hard to decide what to get in the first place since I love all breakfast foods. So I went basic with buttermilk pancakes and eggs and bacon. Everyone's eggs were cooked perfectly. Bacon crispy as I had requested. Short stack of 2 pancakes was more than I could finish. My husband and a friend each got some sort of skillet concoction, and I probably didn't finish my pancakes because my fork kept was always in his skillet because it was so good! The four of us were all pleased with our meal.. . The place is busy, but we were seated after about 20 minutes. Service was good, portions were large and a reasonable price. I would probably come back to this place next year on our annual trip!
This place is quite old but, they do great food and great service. the crew is so happy and you know you get good food. coffee is always brewed perfect and they have great seasoned fries i always love. their all the omelet are super good and, my wife always try for the breakfast.
This may be the best breakfast in the world. If I could rate it 6 stars I would. The banana nut muffin is awesome. I usually get the egg sandwich with a side of potatoes, the egg sandwich is solid and whatever the seasoning they put on the potatoes is like crack I can never have enough. . . On top of this, the service is great. The servers are attentive but not over attentive.
This place has amazing food!   But if i remember correctly, they're only open till mid afternoon (3-4pm?), so go early for a hearty breakfast.. . You'll have such a good meal you'll feel like Burt Reynolds, or something.. . Just go here.
The food is delicious and the customer service is great. I feel like I'm down south.
This is my go to spot every time I am in Vegas! I even bought myself a coffee cup! . . Bacon avocado omelet with sour cream, little chunks of bacon in the egg and slices of fresh avocados inside the omelet with cheese and topped with a nice helping of sour cream.  . Banana nut muffin x 2 please, I take one to go. . Every bite has a crunch of nut, they serve it warm, which is the best way to eat it! . My unlimited amount of coffee refills! . . The breakfast here is awesome and the portions are huge. I usually end up taking half of everything home, yes back to LA!
My family and I decided to go into Egg and I after it was greatly recommended by a good friend. Everything was great! There was a descent line at the door when we entered but we were still sat within 5 minutes. Our server was Gloria and she was such a delight and extremely helpful. The food was some of the best breakfast food you can try for the price. On our way out we got to meet Sarah the manager and she was more than kind and professional as she thanked us for coming in and asked how everything was. We will definitely be back!
Excellent breakfast. I had eggs benedict florentine. The eggs were a bit runny, but that added to the creamy flavor of the somehow still crispy English muffin. Ham was very tender and easy to cut. The homestyle potatoes were pretty salty, but not too much. Portion sizes were gratuitous. The service was prompt, nice, and attentive without being annoying. I'll definitely eat there again.
Biggest portions ever!!! Very reasonable pricing and husband loves this place. Lines can be very long sometimes but it's worth the wait. The banana nut muffin is really good and the potatoes are really sprinkled with crack. No lie. Haha.
Best breakfast in Vegas !!!
We were in Vegas over Thanksgiving (2012) and found the Egg & I on line. Ended up eating breakfast there 3 out of 4 days. Both my wife and I had some of the best breakfasts ever! The chicken enchilada omelette was awesome! Service by Janeen was the best! Ask for her and you will start your day right.
I LOVE THE POTATOES!!!. . I don't live in Vegas but whenever I come here, I make it  point to come to this place. Unfortunately the line is long and it's off the strip, but I honestly do feel it's worth renting a car to come over here. . . This place serves breakfast - and most of it comes with my favorite part (the potatoes) If it wasn't for a recommendation from a friend I probably would have never gone off the strip to make this my now regular pit stop when making it to Vegas!. . Beyond that I try to get a bit of everything since I can usually only stomach only so much! I recommend this place!
This place was awesome. Food was good. We got there early and there was no wait. We checked in with foursquare and got a free banana nut muffin. It to was awesome. Try the stuffed french toast.
Pros:. Chicken Enchilada Omelette is the bomb!. Home Fries are awesome, great seasoning.. Wife loved the French toast!. . Cons:. None!
My favorite breakfast place . Egg works ,egg and I etc they are all the same amazing breakfast food , beats any breakfast place I've ever been too . Good service even with busy hours opens 5am-3pm . I try and go here at least once everyone I'm in town and always take myfriends who all fall in love with it every time .
WOWWWWWWWIIIIEEEEEEEEE!. . that's what I felt when I put the stuffed french toast in my mouth! and this is what I looked like O.O. . I came here once before and got a healthy omelette. I wasn't thoroughly impressed with this place, but let's be real, how yummy can anything healthy get? But I decided to give it another chance and decided to try one of their signature dishes. THE stuffed french toast: french toast stuffed with egg, sausage and cheese topped with powdered sugar. It's a heavenly mix of savory and sweet, especially dipped in maple syrup.. . Most of their entrees come with their homemade potatoes. They're lightly fried to give a french fry crisp and cajun-flavored that makes it taste like Lay's BBQ chips!!. . This place is better than the all time popular Hash House A-go-go!! It's as good as breakfast can get!!
Wow, do they know how to make their eggs right and potatoes right! How did I know about this place sooner? I'm officially making this place my mandatory go-to place for breakfast on the morning I leave Vegas.. . Just right out of the strip, Egg & I is a cute, homey place for a hearty breakfast. The menu is in a newspaper form, so you'll feel like you're reading the morning paper while having a cup of coffee! . . EGGS:. We ordered the Eggs Benedict Florentine and an Egg Crepe. Both were amazing! The eggs benedict at Egg & I is one of my top favorite!! The Egg Crepe is similar to an omelet but the eggs are cooked crepe style. Both of our dishes came with seasoned potatoes, which were AWESOME!! They were so good that I bought a bottle of their seasoning. They have bottles of the potato seasoning and blackening dust for meats for $6 each.
Great selection of traditional and creative new dishes for breakfast. Service was fast and friendly. We sat down ordered and had our food within 5 minutes. I ordered the Kay special it was super cheesy and tasty along with their seasoned fries.. My friend had the stuffed French toast which according To her was amazing!!
Nice good great service!!!! Love their half portion menu, great for girl who wanna keep their shape up!!! Also their banana muffins is the BEST!!! Love it;)
That is one de-lic-ious breakfast. I happily took my banana muffin with me to-go and made it my perfect snack a couple hours later. Service is spot-on, food is EGGsellent.  I had the California crepe which was the perfect mix of omelet insides, and crepe outside.
Love it, we are going back today!
Just for reference, I don't write 5 star reviews unless they're very well deserved.  But this place consistently rates high with us.  This was out third visit.  We recently visited Egg & I for breakfast with a group of six.  We arrived about 10:30 in the morning.  There was a considerable waiting line.  However, the hostess was very sweet and efficient. The estimated 20 minutes wait was actually more like 10 minutes.  Our waitress (sadly I didn't get her name) was incredible, attentive without being overbearing, quick and efficient.  Once our orders were taken, the food arrived fairly quickly, no mistakes or wrong items.  We pretty much all ordered something different.  I had the house made (not canned) corn beef hash and eggs.  Excellent.  Can't remember what everybody had but all raved about their food.. Avoid the strip with it's lines and cheesy buffets and overpriced breakfasts and check this place out.  Just a short drive from the strip.  Mostly locals and a few visitors.  A gem!
I had the country Benny and it was awesome. Hubby had the piggy skillet and he said "lets add this place to our list of good breakfast." We will be back. We didn't realize they closed at 3p and got in about 2:50. They were nice and didn't rush us even through we were obviously keeping them open. I'm so glad we found this place.
Awesome service. Awesome fresh breakfast. Our server Jackie was five star worthy all by herself!
Wow. I have never had banana nut muffins quite like the ones served in The Egg and I. It was freshly made and still hot from the oven. The next time I come I need to make sure to get a box to go!. . As for the breakfast plates, my boyfriend got the omelet and I got the usual potatoes ham and eggs. We also decided to get the "short stack" banana pancakes. Let me just tell you that when we asked just how big the short stacked pancakes were, the server made this hand gesture that indicated it was small so we went with that. Guys, the short stack was, STACKED. It was huge! It's bigger than the regular pancakes in Ihop and Denny's! Plus it had REAL bananas in them. Holy smokes! . . We were IN LOVE with the potatoes! It had the best seasoning - a somewhat Cajun flavor? The ham was a large chunk and my boyfriend loved his omelet. This place is perfect! Would definitely come back for more!. . 10/10 would bang (the door) again
Best place in Vegas for breakfast!
I know "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" but this place is too damn good not to mention !. . So, what so "EGGsellent" about this place?? . - Friendly Service. - Large portions . - Big Menu. - Free parking. - Quick service. . The list can go on and on cuz this place is so "Egg-mazing!!!" However, let me tell you one thing you must order is the "Banana Nut Muffin". Order one or a dozen to go, TRUST ME!. . Though the place is a bit off the strip but it is totally worth the drive, TOTALLY!
If your looking for breakfast look no further. This place is amazing. I had the breakfast burrito and my girlfriend had biscuits and gravy, eggs, and potatoes. I would recommend this place to anyone. Always come with an empty stomach and leave full!! Check the 24/7 magazine for b1g1 coupons.
My favorite breakfast joint in the US of A.. . This is the 3rd time we have visited The Egg And I - so worth leaving the Strip to get here - the food and service have always been great - and the people who work here are a pleasure to interact with. The place was jammed with a crowd outside when we came on a Sunday morning - but the wait was only 10 minutes and it was worth it. Food-wise the Fender Bender Egg Crepe was out of this world. (After I wrote the above, my girlfriend said "Oh, I forgot to order fruit instead of home fries" with her breakfast. The waitress of course said "I can bring you fruit" and didn't charge us for it. That's exactly what you would expect from a classy cool place like this. I made sure to Yelp it because we need more restaurants like this. And I repeat: every employee from the hostess to the waitress to the cashier was charming. Yes, yes, yes to the Egg and I. If I had the stomach for running a restaurant, I would do it just like they do.
This place deserved 6 stars but I am limited to 5 stars (yelp limitation). The extra star is for the service. The service was amazing better than any other 5 star restaurant. The food was also equally amazing. Highly recommend this place for anyone looking to venture off the strip.
Best breakfast place in Las Vegas!  . . Banana nut muffins are awesome and so are the eggs benedicts.
My boyfriend and I were visiting Las Vegas for a convention, we wanted breakfast before we headed over to the convention center, so I asked him to find something.  He found Egg & I.  It wasn't far away, the parking was good, we were seated immediately, and after we ordered we had our food in under 10 minutes.  Our waitress was friendly and fast.  I love this place because you can ask anyone to get you something, you aren't just tied to one wait person.  You have an egg posted by the table, you need something you flip it to the unhappy yellow side, you are happy you leave it on it's happy side, when they see the yellow side they come over and see what they can do for you.  We had biscuits and gravy, which were piping hot and tasted good and served different ways.  We also got coffee, and they left the pot at the table for us.  How cool is that, no waiting to refill that cup when it's empty.  Love this place and will def come back when we visit Vegas again.
Had the biscuit and gravy.  It's served in an oval baking dish.  Biscuits are fluffy soft and the gravy is perfect.   I like the way they serve it in a bowl type dish (as opposed to flat plate) because it keeps the heat better.  Good attention to detail.
After looking at reviews on here for another good breakfast spot, I choose The Egg and I. I was not disappointed, everything on the menu looked and sounded good!. . I ended up getting a FRANCISCO'S SCRAMBLE and it was flavorful!. . I will be back!
Had the tacos rancheros. One word "orgasmic"!!!
It was Easter Brunch with a car full of 4 girls starving and ready to eat....after visiting Hash House A Go-Go down the street and being told the wait was about 45 min- 1 hour we used yelp to find another breakfast spot was we drove on over to Egg & I. . . The wait wasn't as long as Hash House...it was only about 15 minute for an outside table. The menu is huge and appealing that none of us could make up our minds on what to order. Eventually we did, 2 friends got the eggs Benedict and pancakes, another got the steak and eggs with rice and I got the spinach and avocado omelet with fruits and I shared the strawberry creme french toast with a friend. The ambiance is like any ordinary breakfast joint with that "home" and "granny's house" feeling. . . Everyone loved their foods, but it was so much that they couldn't finish it except for my friend who got the steak and eggs. I for one cold not even eat half of my food, regardless of how delicious it is....and I can eat a whole lot. I loved that my omelet was full of fresh huge slices of avocado and spinach inside my omelet. The fruits were fairly fresh and sweet. My whole plate cost me about $118 with tip so not bad considering I had a yummy Easter omelet, fruits and a huge delicious stack of french toast. Sadly, none of us took our food to go because we were on the road doing errands that day. . . Next time I hit up Vegas, I'll be sure to come here for breakfast!
Went to Vegas and a cousin Yelped this place, which pulled it up first on her phone. The wait was not long, food was delicious and portions are big. The seasoned potatoes that accomodate the breakfast plates have a nce seasoning to it, and tasty. The banana nut muffin bread was so moist and warm, and we shared it w/everyone at the table just to get a bite; don't be fooled because it might look flat and plain in color!! The Egg Benedict was worth it, because it was the first time I've ever tried it at any restaurant. The waitress are attentive, and helpful. A very packed house, even on a Thursday morning for brunch.
Mother's Day, 10:00 AM, people all over outside... They tell us our wait will only be 20-25 minutes, and for once, a busy place didn't lie. We were seated within 20 minutes, got our asked for drink orders immediately upon being seated, and waitress took our orders as soon as we were ready.. . We went to breakfast because my dad loves breakfast (and so do I, but not as much as him). He got the biscuits and gravy meal (as he does at most places). I got stuffed french toast, which means eggs, meat, and cheese inside.. . I ate past the point of being full, while still leaving a little on the plate, and my dad finished his pretty quickly because it was so good. He said as we were walking to the car, "That's about as good of a breakfast as I've ever eaten." That's a top-level compliment that he doesn't use lightly.. . It's about $8-10 for most meals, service is great, food is even better.
Far and away the best breakfast place in Vegas OMG huge portions and great prices, service was amazing and you always leave full!
I go to Las Vegas a lot for vacation, and I frequently rent a car so I can get off the Strip a bit. Until recently, I didn't really know of anywhere to get a good breakfast off-Strip. Then I found the Egg & I and now I eat there. Every. Time.. . The food has always been delicious. The banana nut muffin is to die for and if you tell them it's your first time at the restaurant, they'll give you one for free. I love free things.. . The portions are huge and - how shall I put this delicately? - perfect for when you're hung over. My friends and I ate here the morning after the Rock & Roll Half-Marathon last December and it was like being in hangover heaven. . . If you live in LV, or you're visiting and have a car, go to the Egg & I. Heck, it's even worth the cab fare. Trust me.
Great spot for an amazing breakfast. Bring your appetite! I always stop in here when I visit Las Vegas!!
Eggs Benedict was delicious! Loved the banana nut muffin... Must get if you eat here!
A must stop in Vegas! Love the banana nut muffin. All food is great here!
Grrreat food!!!!. A trip to Vegas is not complete with out The Egg and I. . Get there early they close by 3pm on most days
I came here three years ago and loved it.. . I came again and fell in love again.  I had the Key Largo crepe and it was flavorful, delicious, filling and succulent.  That along with the muffins.  I wish heaven had an Egg and I.
Best breakfast anywhere.  I lived the skillet.   And make sure you get the muffin.
Finally after months of wanting to try this place, I got the opportunity when I was in town for EDC. . . My friends and I walked in on a Friday afternoon and were seated immediately. The host and servers both gave us a warm welcome. My favorite part of the table set up was their egg signal at the top of their center piece. It was a photo of an egg that you could flip to indicate to servers that you needed something. No one waving your hand to try to get the servers attention, they got a system down!. . Next, the food, I ordered corned beef hash and eggs, while my friend customized her scramble with chorizo plus biscuits and gravy.. The bf got some avocado omelette. All were delicious and the portions were huge! It looked like I barley made a dent in my food, but I was stuffed. The biscuits and gravy were probably some of the best I've had... And their banana nut muffins are worth a try for muffin fiends. Straight out of the oven to your table.. . Good service, good food, and great company.. All for a reasonable price. I think this place is going to become a must stop for all my Vegas trips from now on! Thank you Egg & I!
Great little local breakfast/brunch or lunch place with awesome food and fast, attentive servers. This is one of my favorite places in Vegas to have breakfast and they're typically open until about 3 pm, 7 days a week. You have to try their potatoes and banana nut muffins, they so good and addictive! I usually go for the omelets when I come here, and no matter which one you order, they're all delicious. If you have ever been to Egg Works, this place is owned by the same people, but is just a little smaller in size and menu.
I had the Chile rellenos burrito and my boyfriend had the eggs benedict. Both were delicious! The service was great! My boyfriend made the comment hope he wished his meal came with one of the banana nut near muffins, so our waitress brought one out for him too, since it was our first time visiting the restaurant. Great food. Great service. Great experience.
Always the best, hands down the best breakfast in Vegas!
I came to the egg and I in Las Vegas because I had been previously to the egg and I in Estes Park, Co. They didn't have the same menu items as they do in CO but everything was just as good. I ordered a breakfast skillet with potatoes and chili. The skillet was very good, I loved it. My wife had the breakfast burrito and she also loved it. The potatoes are seasoned with paprika and other ingredients and are very good, but I prefer the CO potatoes. The only thing that I didn't like about this place is that they don't use the egg and I brand hot sauce.
Egg & I is a super-cute local breakfast joint away from the strip. It gets SO crowded and busy on the strip for breakfast/brunch whenever I've visited, and it makes people even hungrier and grumpier while waiting. My advice? Take a cab or drive over to this place for a REALLY tasty meal.. . My group and I of five people waited about 10 minutes for a table. Once seated, we were serviced immediately. Food only took about 10 minutes to be ready, and the staff were very attentive and worked together to address our table's needs. They have a little egg sign that you can flip to the sad-face yellow side, which indicates that you're in need of something. We did this a couple times to test it out, and it worked! Lightning fast.. . Great food, great service. I recommend the Biscuits and Gravy! The Ranch Potatoes (their regular side of potatoes) are very flavorful and filling. A must have. Oh, and their Banana Nut Muffin was soooo sweet and moist!. . I just may be back when I'm in town. If I can get outta bed next time after a long night, that is. Tehe.
The best breakfast place I have ever eaten at.  I love the rancho potatos, biscuits and gravy, and the gigantic blueberry pancakes.  Its amazing how fast the service is.  Even when there is a long line your seated in no more then like 20 minutes.  There is also a 35% military discount!!!
Yum! Great food, homey atmosphere, pleasant service, good price for large portion... definitely coming back here. The banana muffin was super... and my omlete-crepe love child... who knew!
Better than the first time.  We scored a free entree coupon so we made the trek over to this location from the strip.  There was a bit of a wait but nothing too bad... The banana muffin is legit, served warm with butter.  This time around I ordered the huevos rancheros and they were good, very filling, cheesy and tasty.  This is a great place for breakfast.  Looks like they have also won a best cheeseburger award too.  Don't let the line of people outside scare you they turnover the tables quick.
What a fantastic place to eat! Never has my husband had an egg made exactly the way he wanted...even better than he can make. We kept eating long after we were full. The potatoes are to die for--in fact, my husband took a fork to the back of his hand for trying to steal some from my plate. I asked for my veggie omelet with egg whites, which came out perfectly. My husband's gravy-doused meal was a slice of heaven for him (I may have caught him licking the plate a time or two). We've been eatingover-priced food during our entire week in Vegas, and the food wasn't nearly as good as we found here. When I wanted a beverage refill during a particularly busy rush, I flipped over the egg on the table and it wasn't 10 seconds before, not one, but TWO servers rushed me to help out. I can't say enough good about the restaurant, from the service to the food to the prices. Well done, management and staff!
You want good home style breakfast... This is it... Everything is good... Service was great!
Didn't really want to patronize the usual breakfast buffets in the hotels, so my husband and I set out to find a local breakfast spot that we'd really enjoy.  Boy did we find it!!!!!!The banana nut muffin was probably the best I've ever had!!!!!  Everything on the menu looked good so we really had a difficult time placing an order.  However,  I ended up with the enchilada omlette which was devine and my husband had a chili omlette and he loved his as well.  We were stuffed by the time we were done and promised ourselves we would return once again before we ended our vacation.
Order "Brad's very special"
Damn this banana nut muffin is delicious. And for the portions, sizes, and service, it's quick, and inexpensive. Whether you're coming in hung over, or looking to feed and fuel up... DO IT. I love this place for their courteousness and most importantly their delicious breakfast. Also, if the wait gets too long, go across the plaza and hit up Zia records and check out their vinyl, cds, DVDs, whatever you're into :)
There is definitely a reason why there is always a wait for this place...it is totally worth it!!!. . I got one of the Egg & I specials - Chicken Fried Steak  which consist of 2 eggs, ranch potatoes, and a banana nut muffin which you can totally share with 2 people except for the muffin. Please dont share that. Get your own, damn it. Its too good to be shared!. . Wait a minute! Did I say RANCH POTATOES???!!! OH HELL YEAH!!! Its the best tasting season potatoes ever! They are not like french fries nor tots but they are cubed shaped fries. I almost died when I put one in my mouth. This is why I scored this place a 5. . . The potatoes and banana nut muffin totally suckered me in for life! I dont even like banana nut flavored anything or muffins and this muffin was the bomb!!!. . My chicken fried steak was huge and just perfect. Its not oily at all, just plump and juicy. . . 5 star in my book. I think the service was good...I think the wait wasnt too bad... shit, I dont remember, I zoned out after my first bite of those delicious potato fries!
It was our first time in Vegas and relied on yelp to find out what might be some great places for breakfast. We came across this cute and delicious spot and didn't regret anything! I ordered the banana walnut french toast and my boyfriend had a skillet. Both were extremely good! Potatoes are a must have. I repeat, YOU MUST HAVE THY POTATOES! Also, I asked for my ham to be warmed up b/c it was cold, but she offered to make me a new one. Minutes go by and turns out they forgot my ham. BUT DON'T FRET! Not only did she get me my ham ASAP, she took it off the bill AND free muffins to go. Yum! Can anyone say, awesome service???
Egg & I, Good food and great service!  I can't ask for more.  I'm not sure if this is a mom & pop store, but it definitely felt like one.  When my party and I got there at 1pm on a Saturday, we didn't have much of a wait.  The portions were big enough to share.  Ambiance is diner style, but neater.  I love the fact that they have a yellow & black egg attention sign on each table so you won't need to wave down a waitress.  I left very satisfied and I intend on going back whenever I am in town again.
My wife and I love getting "Kay's Special" whenever we go there.  We love this place!
This place is great!!!!  Awesome food and really great prices!!!  Will definitely return!!
This is a great breakfast and brunch place. Always busy and packed especially during weekends. . . I tried their Eggs Benedict Florentine and it was delicious and a hefty portion. It came with potatoes and side of fruits. My friend had steak and eggs and she liked it. The steak was flavorful. . . Will be back!
yelp comes through again, banana bread is awesome service is great oh and don't forget the breakfast
We love love sitting out side and eating the wonderful food at egg and I it is a dog friendly.  Ask for Stacie she is a sweetheart out on the outside patio!    We love the green chicken enchiladas omelette :)
This place is by far the best breakfast/lunch restaurant in Vegas...great quality food and service was amazing! The staffs works as a team to make sure you have everything you need! Highly recommend!!
Let's review. Two days in a row. Two different items off the menu. Two reasons to smile. Janeen was great and attentive BOTH days as well! Can't wait to come back for some more banana nut muffins either! Everything is so fresh and delectable. I could seriously try anything on the menu and go home happy.  Hopefully I'll be back in a couple of weeks!
The best cure to a hangover and it's Vegas so chances to visit Egg & I are high! It was so tasty that I actually came here two breakfasts in a row. This restaurant will definitely show you the sunny-side of your day. ;). . The servers are really nice, and accommodating to custom orders. The menu is a cute, reminiscent of a newspaper so it give you an old-timey diner feel ofreading a paper in the morning. The little black and yellow egg sign was cute too, just flipping it let the server know that you needed their attention, so many eggs everywhere it was a bit on the cheesy  side. The extensive menu did not help my indecisiveness, everything is equally good and largely portioned. I loved the country style potatoes, the seasoning is perfect so I recommend getting that if you can as a side.. . Don't forget to bookmark this place or the yolks on you!
Love the four egg omelet and the marbled rye toast. They leave the pot of coffee with you so you never run out. More food than I could eat. Service is fast and friendly. Love this place.
Karla is the best!!!! Great service and very very very fast!!! Give her a raise guys and a big tip when you go!!! . . . . Food was good!!! Definitely coming back!
Great service.  Great food.  There were 20 people waiting.  We were sat in 10 minutes.
Great service!!!. . Waitress showed patience even when we couldn't make up our minds as to what to order.  . The food was great tasting.  I go back here to eat breakfast no questions asked.
I love this restaurant.  It's a GREAT American style breakfast, and an awesome way to start at least ONE of your Vegas mornings.  Yep, just like everyone has mentioned, the Banana Nut Muffin is amazing.  Soft, warm, full of delicious Banana Nut taste!  We would've taken some more to go if we didn't plan on going to the outlet afterward.. . Our group ordered different items and not one of us had anything bad to say about anything!  We looooved ALL of it!  The potatoes were very good too.  It's a place everyone should try at least one morning here.  Seriously...GO TO EGG & I!!!!!  NOW!
always a good breakfast place and good service. always with a smile from the hostesses to the server. . . I recommend this to all locals and tourist.
Great egg, mushroom and cheese scramble.  Banana muffin yummy. Waitress, Janeen very bubbly!
I know there's a lot of other breakfast places 2 eat at, especially the buffets in Vegas but I can only take so much of all u can places.  That's y we chose here, w the help of yelp of course!  It's kinda "retro" in there.  The waitress we had wuz nice.  She kept coming back & giving me coffee refills.  I ordered chicken fried steak.  It came w 2 eggs, ranch potatoes & the best banana nut muffin.  Omg, it wuz 2 die 4!!! That wuz yummy!!!  The place gets busy so try 2 come early.  Located off the strip.  I love breakfast places like this!!!
Every time I'm in vegas, this place is a must come....they always deliver great service, amazing breakfast(chile relleno omelet) and lots of smiles...I strongly recommend this joint
Hands down some of the BEST breakfast I have ever had the opportunity to eat. It was totally obvious that several of the people eating there were EDC attendees, because the dining room was full of kandi wearing partiers. There wasn't much of a wait since we were immediately seated. Our server was awesome and totally encouraged us to customize our meals. I got one of the massive scramble and country potato dishes with a side of biscuits and gravy. The food is amazingly delicious, fresh, and a great value. If you're looking for an epic breakfast joint away from the strip then definitely come to this place to escape the overpriced food on the Strip.
Great service, eggceptional food.  I wish we had such a breakfast place in Salt Lake City. Carla too amazing care of us, and our meals were prepared perfectly, even though the portions were too big.   . . It was my second or possibly third visit here, and it is consistently great.
I love this place. You have amazing selection of eggs, i recommend eggs-plus. The muffins are terrific!
What a find! After having humongous buffets at various places in Vegas, this was a welcome change! Definitely give it a try on your way back. My husband had the eggs Benedict and I got the veggie omlette. Very cute little place.
In Vegas for a softball tournament & looked up a breakfast spot. Found this place on Yelp & decided to check it out. Had a great experience! The hostess was friendly, the waitress was great & the atmosphere of the place was awesome. Got our food quick, for how crowded it was! The food was perfect. Full of flavor and fresh. It was pretty crowded for a Friday morning but we got seated pretty quick and out of there within an hour.
I went there today around 11:30am, this was my 2nd time here, had a great experience last time so I had to come back again for some more great food!!. . It was pretty packed inside so u can tell this place does a good job satisfying the customers, one of the waitress was able to seat me right away since I was by myself.. . I was gonna order the stuffed French toast AND their Ultimate Skillets but the friendly waitress said she could do half portion of each since she said their portions are pretty big, so I agreed and ordered half n half. . . The food came and they look amazing!! The skillet was delicious, their potatoes were very flavorful, the stuffed French toast with eggs and syrup was yummy. Maybe I was just hungry, I felt like I could handle the full portion of BOTH next time. My waitress was really friendly, always have the smile on her face. Would definitly be back next time when I m in town. . . Want to buy their groovy t shirt but they don't have size Large. Maybe next time.
This will be your little secret breakfast restaurant. It's amazing. Try the steak and eggs. If you get a waffle get it with whipped cream and fruit
Eggcelent! Discovered this place through Groupon and Yelp reviews. Better than most tourist spots on the strip. Good quality food, fresh homemade, large portions, good variety, great customer service, inexpensive, and lively atmosphere. Ordered: Harvest (pumpkin) 3-short stack pancakes, works (seasoned) potatoes, 2 sausage patties. Also ordered buckwheat waffles, eggs, and sausage- everything was excellent! Go early, started to get crowded around 10am on a Monday morning, weekends might be even busier. This will definitely be on my list of places to dine when in LV.
