We stayed at Planet Hollywood, and I'm glad we did because Earl of Sandwich is here. The line is long but it is well worth the wait! We literally ate here every day we stayed. It's that good. I usually get the tuna sandwich. It is the go-to spot when you visit Vegas. After a fun night at Surrender, we ate here around almost 4 in the morning. The environment kind of reminds me of a fastfood Panera Bread. I love how it's OPEN 24/7! 5 Stars for sure. T
Happy 2011 everyone!  Hope everyone had a terrific NY celebration (nothing crazy and unsafe, yet extremely awesome and entertaining!)  Now the New Year is upon us, let me start off with a 5 star review for ya'll!. . Earl of Sandwich... I've never really been a sandwich fanatic and this was all the rage prior to my recent last trip to Vegas by everyone I know and all the reviews posted on yelp.  On the day we were going to be leavin' LV I've decided to give it a shot by walking across the street for a quick brunch at Earl's.. . Oh boy am I glad that I did just that!. . You know... sandwiches are sandwiches.. nothing spectacular but nothing too horrible either... (a very safe type of food).  However, here at Earl's it's absolutely incredible on how they can possibly make things tastes so good!. . Again due to my typical curiosity and the irresistible temptation on trying new things,  I've decided to almost but the entire menu for my food tasting lab I've set up in Bellagio.  (I end up getting the Full Montagu, Hawaiian BBQ, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, and the Earl Cobb Salad.)  The sandwiches were $5.99 each with a decent portion (ain't the size of subway but quality is much much better!), and with two drinks the total came out to like $31 and change...(slightly pricey in my mind but gotta give it a try). . I did share all this food with 3 other people though,,, so I not really the pig that I say I am...... . So here were our thoughts.... . Full Montagu:  Great roast beef sandwich with turkey and swiss cheese... the roast beef was the real deal and it had the texture of soft arby's roast beef..... So taking that soft morsels that you call beef coupled with high quality you get an awesome sandwich!. . Hawaiian BBQ:  I didn't get to try this as my friend devoured it down in a quick few minutes... so I'm gonna take that gesture as awesome and leave it as that!  . . Jamaican Jerk Chicken:  Jerk flavored chicken + roasted bell peppers in a jerk sauce made this sandwich really really delicious!  That's all I can tell you!  Yum!. . Highlights of these sandwiches, the BREAD!  They toasted in a way where it's just the right moisture, the right texture, the right flavor, the right crispiness, and the right size overall!  It's just a really delicious bread to compliment all the dressings in between!  I've always believed that what makes a sandwich great is simply the bread itself, and Earl of Sandwich really proved that to be the main point!. . Earl Cobb:  Aside from having slightly too much dressing that I would have liked (I always watch my dressing calorie count as this is the main trick in getting a salad), it was absolutely delicious!  I've have had many salads in various places, I gotta say that this is one of the more tasty salads for a fast food joint.  Definitely worth the price!  (The people I was with weren't even into salads and they really enjoyed that too!). . It's sort of weird that if you want ice tea you have to ask for it.... but you got the typical fountain drinks available for you (pepsi products). . One final note.... this place has recently updated their operational hours and it is now 24 hrs!!!  WOW!  That's so awesome!  So you're telling me when I'm hungry late at night working on them slots, I can get myself a sandwich to go, sit down at the slot, blackjack machine, or anywhere to be gambling and eating at the same time?  I Love Vegas!!!. . So there you have it folks!  The first review of 2011 by yours truly and it is definitely a 5 stars in my mind.  So again hope everyone will be having a SUPER DUPER 2011 and if you do visit Vegas, may the money gods follow you to every machine/table you go to, and the sandwich gods guide you to Earl of Sandwich!
Ate here a year ago and it left such a strong impression that I just can't quite get over it still, so much so that I still occasionally check to see if by some random miracle that an Earl of Sandwich might have opened somewhere near me.. . We were starving around 1am after an early dinner buffet andspending hours in the casinos. We weren't up for wandering too far or spending too much more money on a late night snack, so Earl of Sandwich it was.. . We got the the Hawaiian BBQ, Cannonballs and Carribean Jerk Chicken sandwiches and shared them among three people so that everyone could try everything. All three were amazing. The sandwiches aren't huge but the portions are perfect and I can't complain about the price for the quality. I didn't imagine a meatball sandwich that could stand out amongst all other meatball sandwiches but oh man, the Earl of Sandwich Cannonballs meatball sandwich was amazing. I can't really describe what makes it so good, but it just was.. . Fast, affordable, and open all the time. Best sandwich place I've been to, hands down. Hoping to come back to Vegas soon to relive the glory (food-wise, not the losing money part.)
All the sandwiches are so good! My favorite is the caprese, but I also tried the caribbean jerk one, the roast beef one, the hawaiian one, the club one, the american one, some chicken caesar wrap one and others I can't remember! But seriously, for $6... so worth it!
Holy mother of sandwich heaven! I can't believe I've lived 27 years and never had the opportunity to enjoy a sandwich such as the Hawaiian BBQ. The bread is not fully cooked as it is prepared to order and sent through the oven baked to ultimate perfection. Earl, we will meet again one day. Until then I will only dream of our lunch time we shared one sunny day in Las Vegas.
HEAVENLY.. . I can't even describe how much I love this place.  I stop by every single time I go to vegas (which is about two/three times a year).  Although I wouldn't call this place a normal "restaurant" because of the cafeteria like line and open venue~ It is a MUST try for any visitor.  The Sandwiches, Salads and Soups are to die for!!. . The bread is toasted to crisp perfection and the ingredients inside compliment each other perfectly.. . My fave:. . The All-American Sandwich. Tuna Melt Sandwich. The Earl's Cobb Salad. Tomato Soup. . Not sure I'm a HUUUGE fan of the desserts, but I'm most definitely a fan of the sandwiches, salads and soups!!
I have heard so many friends rave about Earls that I feel like I've been here a thousand times.  Finally I can put an end to all the "you've got to try Earl's" and "you've never been to Earl's?" and "dude, Earl's is amazing" because I ate at Earl's!!!  Is everyone quite satisfied now?. . This Earl's is in the Planet Hollywood Casino which attributes to its popularity and long lines.  I don't think there is anywhere on the strip you could find a more affordable meal unless you are completely desperate and stumble towards a fast food chain like McDonald's or Subway.  Speaking of Subway, Earl's is nothing like Subway or Quiznos for that matter.  I was somewhat expecting Earl's to be like these two popular chains but fortunately, Earl's was a few hundred notches up on the sandwich ladder.  Earl has a extremely efficient ordering and sandwich production line.  I promplty received my order within a couple minutes of payment, mind you, there was quite the crowd so the speed of execution was quite impressive and would make any VP of Operations proud.. . When a place is so hyped up I'm usually faced with bitter disappointment but I'm happy to say that this time, with Earl's, I wasn't disappointed.  Mind you, it wasn't a life altering experience and harps and giggling angels didn't fill my head after the first bite but overall, it was one of my best sandwich experiences.. . Because of all the hype, I took it upon myself to try as many sandwiches during my visit as possible so I promptly ordered the Original roast beef, the Earl's Club, the Italian and the Jerk Chicken along with a brownie, a Blue Moon Beer and a Coke.  Before you start pondering what a complete pig I am, I shared these with my group of 4 so everyone got a 1/4 sandwich each.  This was a great way to try a wide selection of their sandwiches, a prix fix Earl's sampling if you would.. . On to the actual sandwiches. . . The Original was superb.  The roast beef was juicy and flavorful, the horshradish was spicy and blended perfectly with the beef and sharp cheddar cheese.  It was light years ahead of the roast beef sandwich I had at Quiznos just a few weeks before. The Club was also very delightful with turkey and ham with fresh lettece and tomatoes.  The Italian wasn't my favorite with its Pastrami and ham combination but everyone else in my group thought it was terrific, I guess I'm not a big fan of Pastrami.  For me, the star of the show was the Jerk Chicken.  The chicken was moist and the Jerk sauce added a spicy kick to this exceptional sandwich.  The thing that made all these sandwiches special was the bread.  Only one kind of bread is served at Earl's and its their artisan white perfectly toasted.  If you believe that bread is what makes a great sandwich then Earl's should be your sandwich Mecca because you would be extremely hard pressed to find another worthy opponent.. . Hmmmm, I seem to have written too much....I doubt any of you will actually read to this point but for those that make it this far, thanks, I'm relieved my rambling was entertaining enough to retain your attention for this long.  I guess I'll just summerize Earl's in one last line.  If you haven't tried Earl Of Sandwich, you should listen to all these 5 star Yelp reviews and take the plunge, you'll most likely become another raver like myself.
AMAZING! BEST SANDWICHES HANDS DOWN!. . We were just here for NYE and my friend introduced us to this place. I love sandwiches that aren't greasy and that aren't completely filled with bread. This spot is it!!. . The bread is toasted and crunchy until the last bite, it's also very light and thin which doesn't make you feel super full. . . We ordered The Montague and Italian w/a side of Broccoli Cheese Soup = BOMB! The roast beef in my Montague sandwich was perfect and the soup was so yummy. Definitely hit the spot.. . I also tried my friends Cheese Soup and that was really good too! I started dipping my left over bread in her soup because I couldn't get enough!. . We're coming back here in two weeks and guess where we're going?! EARL OF SANDWICH DUH! ;]
I make sure I hit Earl of Sandwich up AT LEAST once per Vegas trip. . . I usually order The Earl's Club or The Full Montagu, but I'm going to go ahead and bet that the rest of the sandwiches on their menu are just as good. I'm foaming at the mouth just thinking about them. The ingredients are fresh. The bread is toasted to perfection. The sandwiches aren't all greased out so they feel relatively healthy to eat and you don't feel gross afterwards. Sometimes I'll get a side of Broccoli Cheese Soup w/ my meal. The soup is really good, but nothing special.. . There's a long line? Not uncommon. Just shut your mouth and get in line. This is the perfect to place to go after a long night of drinking and dancing at the club.
I agree with other yelpers in regretting not coming here more often. This is a very affordable place to eat in Vegas and is very delicious! My party loved it so much we came back the very next day as our last meal in Vegas.. . Location/parking: Located inside the Planet Hollywood Casino right across from the sports bar.. . Seating/wait: Quick moving line if you want to order. Better to send someone from your party to find a table during busy times.. . Service: Order over the counter. Sit and enjoy!. . Food:. -Tomato soup with croutons (I asked for it on the side). This is hands down my favorite tomato soup every. EWW!!! Tomato soup. No really. I usually don't order tomato soup but I've ordered this every time I've been here. I suggest asking for croutons on the side. Otherwise, they come included in the soup and it may be soggy by the time you find a spot to sit.. -Potato salad cup from fridge: it's a 2 star. It's as if you got potato salad from a super market.. -Sugar cookie: pretty good/ok.. -Brownie creme (looks like oreo whoopee): I thought it was ok.. -The Earl's club sandwich: Amazing! Club sandwiches are usually all the same but it very god here.. -Caribbean Jerk Chick Sandwich: delicious.. Can't remember what the other 2 sandwiches were but all delicious.. . This place is so good. "Earl" of sandwiches is quite demeaning. It should be at least a Duke of Sandwiches.
Okay so i yelped this place at home so that we can have some pretty cheap eats, because you know vegas, everything is very freaken expensive (sometimes they're good sometimes they're bad) anyways so this was our second to last meal before we leave vegas the next day, so we all got four different sandwiches.....and man were they worth every freaken penny...5.99 to be exact. HOW CAN THIS BE THE BEST AND THE CHEAPEST MEAL WE HAD?! WTF.....seriously it was sooo good that we stopped by again the next day before our drive home and got it again ho ho ho merry christmas ride home with earls of sandwich in our tummy....THE BOMB.COM!
Wow.. . Taking the recommendations from other yelpers, we ordered the Full Montagu, the Caprese, a broccoli and cheddar soup, and an ice cream sandwich made with Ghiradelli chocolate.. . Everything was amazing. The roast beef was moist and complemented the turkey in the Montagu. The bread was nicely toasted, giving a nice satisfying crunch. The Caprese had a balsamic dressing that tied the sandwich together in such beautiful harmony. Next time I'll ask for the to warm or melt the cheese a bit more; I like my cheese gooey.. . The broccoli and cheddar soup was like broccoli chunks in cheese soup, but somehow the flavors went well. And of course, how can you go wrong with Ghiradelli?. . Amazing!! Now I'm curious to see how it would've tasted if they used California Sourdough's sourdough bread... *drools*. ~*~. I couldn't help it. We came back the 3rd time this week and why not? At $6 a sandwich and open 24 hours its probably the cheapest good eats on the strip! Here's what we've sampled so far in my preferred order.. . 1. Full Montagu - just perfect. 2. Caprese - would order it extra melty next time. 3. Holiday - the gravy, cranberry, and stuffing is like warm Thanksgiving in my mouth. 4. Original 1786 - classic roast beef and horseradish. 5. Italian - nice flavors, but didn't jump at me. . Brownie creme sandwiches are like giant brownie Oreos. Must have.. . And if it's hot, the Brownie ice cream sandwiches are just as good.. . Soups are good too, nice balance, not too salty and good chunky.. . Did I mention the brownie sandwiches have Ghiradelli chocolate chips in them? Oh YEAH....
I'd like to call myself a sandwich connoisseur, and Earl of Sandwich definitely has some of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  It's all about the bread here - amazingly fresh and delicious.  . . I even went here 2 days in a row - had the Caprese (really good basalmic dressing/sauce) and Tuna melt (who knew it could be so warm and satisfying?).  Even the sides are good - tomato soup, macaroni salad, and coleslaw. . . Great place to stop by if you're hungry and want something quick to eat.  I would recommend going to Earl of Sandwich over Pink's.
Caribbean jerk sandwich was delish!  Ham and swiss was pretty good too. Prices were good. Tomato soup tasted like it came from a can. But overall it was good.
MmMMmMm Earl of Sandwich is seriously the best hot sandwich ever for $5.99!  I had the full Montagu sandwich and it was mMmMm!  It was roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, tomato, lettuce, and mustard.  Delish!  The bf had the The Earl Club!  It had roasted turkey, bacon, swiss, lettuce, tomato, and the amazing sandwich sauce. There was something about how the sandwich was made. Whether it was having the right proportions, or the ingredients used, or the freshly toasted bread, their sandwiches were just amazing.  If we weren't going on for a buffet later in the evening, the bf was seriously considering a second sandwich because of how much he loved it.  They also had Kona Coffee with free refills for $1.99~ Awesome!. . If you want a cheap, amazing sandwich, this is the place!  Actually, this is a good place for lunch anyways.  Yum Yum Yum! Thumbs up!
This place is a must have in Las Vegas, There Sandwiches are amazing. Not pricy at all, for 5.99 it kills every other sandwich place.
So where's the best place to pigout on the Las Vegas Strip at midnight when all the buffets are closed and you don't feel like eating at a Sit-Down Restaurant?  Earl of Sandwich!!  . . This was my third trip to the sandwich shop and I can never get tired of their awesome sandwiches.  I was seriously hungry this trip and ordered two sandwiches this time: The Full Montagu and Hawaiian BBQ.  Yes, Earl of Sandwich has officially become my Las Vegas equivalent to Ike's Place.. . The Full Montagu - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=VuMLFE1ytKYr8Nntu3irFQ) was everything I expected it to be.  A sandwich that's loaded with meat and has some kick to it.  It was very tasty!!. . The Hawaiian BBQ -  Grilled Chicken, Roasted Ham, Hawaiian BBQ Sauce, Aged Swiss Cheese & Fresh Pineapple (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=LSuzXyK62n2wfMV_cN69tQ).  This one really took me by surprise.  It was like biting into a Hawaiian Pizza with tangy BBQ sauce.  Very strange combination, but it surprisingly worked.. . Like the same cost of all their sandwiches, both of them cost only $5.99 each and then I washed everything down with Earl's Grey Lemonade.  It was a great late night pigout session for less than $17!  I will be back here again!!  Love this place!
Best Sandwiches in the world and i am not kidding! Too bad they only have a few locations throughout the USA but who cares! ITS THE BEST IN THE WORLD! I eat at Earl's at least 3 times every vegas trip!. . I Will begin reviewing each sandwich shortly.... . Carribean Jerk Chicken Sandwich:. My personal favorite on the menu! I love the banana peppers and the right amount of spicyness of this sandwich. I even add Tabasco Sauce to kick it up a little bit! This is a must have if you have never been to Earl before.  MY PERSONAL FAVORITE!. . Italian Sandwich:. Italian sandwiches are great wherever you go but this certainly is one of the best sandwiches on the menu. Make sure you eat it right away while its hot and order the delicious salt n vinegar chips to go along with it!. . Tuna Sandwich:. One of the simplest sandwiches on the menu with it having only 2 ingredients on the inside, Albacore tuna and swiss cheese.  The bread is of course what makes this sandwich but every sandwich is served hot and this hot tuna sandwich was SUPERB!. . The Original:. If you're into Horse Raddish and Roast Beef this is awesome! I also love the earl's spicy mustard they put to add some kick to it!. . Earl's frozen Lemonade: . EXCELLENT! Just like the frozen lemonade you buy at disneyland. Cheap too!. . Caprese Sandwich:. If you've ever been to italy or just had mozarella and tomato Caprese or just enjoy something without meat, this sandwich does the trick. Too bad they dont make this smaller, because it would be a great appetizer.. . Kono Coffee:. Not bad, I prefer walking to Coffee Bean inside miracle mile!
This place serves the best quick service sandwiches. I'm surprised there aren't more locations. This particular location is open 24 hours. Awesome location for people watching. I've been wanting to try it since I first saw an Earl of Sandwich at Walt Disney World. I finally got my chance this past trip. I liked it so much I went back the next night. My favorite items were the tomato soup and the holiday sandwich. The holiday sandwich was their special. I wish they'd serve it year-round. I've been craving Earl of Sandwich lately. Someone please open a franchise in Southern California!
My favorite sandwich shop at my favorite hotel! I have tried most of the sandwiches, but my favorite is the Montagu. Gotta love that roast beef! I love coming here when I start the day in Vegas, but it's best enjoyed after a night of dancing at the finest clubs on the strip. . . I love that they can make a presentable, delicious, decently-priced sandwich without making me wait forever-even when there is a line snaking around the Planet Hollywood casino. Try it while you're in Vegas, you won't be disappointed!
This is my GO-TO eatery in LV. I seriously cannot stay away. I think at one point I ate here 3 or maybe 4 times in one day. You can't go wrong. I, however, always ALWAYS seem to order the tuna melt. I've ordered several other items, all equally as good as one another, but the tuna melt is what stands out for me.. . Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be sure to try and smuggle some home, although, they may all miraculously disappear before my plane has landed.
The bread they use at this place it out of this world. The meat on the sandwiches are super juicy and for being on the strip the price is Awesome. Also check out "Fresh Grill and Bar" which is just a few shops down (also a greeaat deal)
Ate here twice and was never disappointed. Maybe because I got the same sandwich...BUT they were both good nonetheless! The bread was perfectly toasted and buttery. Mmmmm! I got the Club and it was the best club I've ever had. I want some NOW! You know what else? They are open 24 hours! So grab a Fat Tuesday and hop over to Earls. You won't be dissapointed.
I don't really like sandwiches but I LOVE the Earl of Sandwich sandwiches.. . The first time I was here, it was 3am and I had just flown into Las Vegas and my tuna melt was delicious. Judging by the long line, many people agreed.. . The second time I was here, it was midday and the place was just as packed. The cashiers were really nice and friendly. Once again, I had to order the tuna melt. I love getting the sandwich and it's so hot it burns your fingers. I know it's definitely fresh. I take a bite; the cheese is so smooth, the bread is soft, and the tuna is delicious. Man! I loved the sandwich so much! I was so sad when it was gone. I am definitely coming back.. . My friend also decided to get the Earl Grey lemonade, which was surprisingly really good! I'm going to get that too whenI come back to Vegas.
Only $6!!. . I can rave as much as I want, but I think the overwhelmingly positive reviews say it all. These sandwiches are great! No skimping on meat, toppings, toasted hot bread, speeedy service. A+++++
Every sandwich I've tried here was amazing. And trust me: I hate paying for sandwiches that I can surely do myself...but, they are just toooooo effing delicious to pass up.. . TUNA MELT: O-M-G soooo effing good. Especially with their potatoe salad.. The cannonball: meatballs with marinara sauce make it like pasta in bread.. The Original (roast beef, cheese) and The Earl (turkey, bacon, etc) are both savory and rich.. . . Best thing is they are open 24 hours. When I was here for New Year's Eve, they were a savior in the hunger department at 2am.
The All-American was like a Thanksgiving dinner in your mouth.. The Full Montagu had some good beef.. . Hot sandwiches in Las Vegas for under $6? Nice!. Chips are cheap too. Delicious soup that just hits the spot.. . This place is easily a Vegas hot spot. Just goes to show the glitz isn't always necessary to be infamous in its own right.. . This place has definitely saved lives from becoming another victim of the Vegas mess.
Okay. So here's the deal.. . You go to a few different sandwich shops on different days to pick up some goods to indulge your nom nom feeling. Say you like the BLT or the Club and that's what you get every time, regardless.  You choose these because you focus on the what's being sandwiched between the two pieces of bread.  The bread is seriously just some edible cushion to keep your hands from getting messy from eating the goodness of what's inside the sandwich.  It's the law of sandwich bread.. . You come in Earl of Sandwich and that law is completely broken. You can get ANY sandwich, and despite which one you get, it WILL be a winner.  The highlight of each sandwich IS the bread. It's perfectly toasted on the outside and warm and fluffy in the inside. It truly disgusts me to even think about how beautiful sandwich bread could be. A dinky picture and even this review can barely describe the wonders of their bread. You're probably thinking, "Damn, this girl is seriously trippin' about the bread", and you know what? Yeah, I am. It's seriously that good. Okay, thats enough on bread.. . The Full Montagu is very delicious and the roast beef was tender.. . The Club tasted so fresh and the bacon gave it a nice crunch.. . The Carribean Jerk is a must have if you want loads of flavor in your sandwich.. . I've also tried some of their wonderfully made soups:. . Tomato Soup- was thick, creamy, and had croutons in it. My boyfriend ordered the food while I was away in one of the stores, and the soup was sitting for awhile. I came back, all sad faced, because the croutons were going to be soggy.... or atleast that's what I thought. It was 100% crunchy and the soup was at a perfect hot temperature. If you like tomato soup, it's a MUST have.. . Broccoli Cheese Soup- was also very creamy and flavorful. It was thick and chunky, but not too thick where it had the consistency of porridge ( a red flag for me to send it away ). . . Expect to stand in a line during hungry hours; You get a pager when your food is ready. Trust me, its worth the wait! The sandwiches are your ordinary sandwich prices and soups are also well priced. I honestly believe it tastes like a million bucks though.... nothing compares to these sandwiches.. . One of the best parts is, is that my hotel was a 3 minute walking distance from Planet Hollywood ( @ the Marriot ) and I literally could walk here ANY part of the day/night ( 24-hour service!!!! ) to grab a nomster sandwich.. . I'm seriously coming here EVERY time I visit Vegas!. . PS--. Beware of staring at random people in that area, you may get punched to the face and knocked down to the ground. My friend did, atleast. HAHAHAHAHHA. Sucks.
1+ for serving delicious hot sandwiches. 1+ being open for 24 hours. 1+ efficiency even with long lines. 1+ satisfying portions. 1+ offering free soup on the weekend I visited :) . . I had such a great visit here after reading about all the reviews. The sandwiches are all $5.99 and for a decent portion too. The sandwiches are reallyt good but the thing that sticks out most about it is the bread. Its soft like a ciabatta bread and just ties in all the flavors. I tried the Full Montague and it was soooooooooooooooooooooooo good. It had roast beef, turkey, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and though it sounds simple, the hot sandwich satisfies, ESPECIALLY for such a cheap price!. . It was so good that I just HAD to come back 4am in the morning to grab another one for my bf to try back home. STILL delicious!
We stayed at PH towers...which is in very close proximity to Earl of Sandwich.  One of the people in our group also stayed there last time he was in Vegas, and the one request he made for this trip was that we eat at Earls.  . . Few things you should know.  Each sandwich is only $5.99.  It is open 24 hours.  And it is RIDONKULOUSLY good.. . Seriously.  I'm not joking around - if you are anywhere near PH, you MUST give this place a try.  If you like sandwiches in general, or hot sandwiches specifically, or just delicious bread - you won't go wrong.. . The one sandwich our group didn't like was the Hawaiian...they said it was sort of sour.  The faves were probably the full montague & the italian.  YUM YUM YUM!!!
Best sandwich place i've been to. Although I may be a little bias since I was starving when I stopped by this place. I heard it was good so I thought I'd give it a try. . . It is open 24 hours---how perfect! It's cheap! About $6 for a sandiwich---it might look a little small but it's stuffed with food so it'll be sure to fill you.. The line is a bit long, but they go through it pretty quickly.... . I got the tuna melt and it was just amazing. Soft bread, chewy, cheesy, warm---everything you'd want in a sandwich! . . They give you buzzers to hang out to while your sandwich is being prepared, and there is not much of a wait so you'll get your food fast!. . I definitely recommend stopping by here! Amazingly delicious, affordable food...open 24 hours? What are you doing still reading this review? Go!
The best food at the best prices at the best location in Sin City.. Forget the buffet food and waiting in long lines.  The food here is unbelievably good.  I wish there was one in my neighborhood.  Try it and you'll see what I mean.
I honestly don't even think this needs another review, but I have to say..... AMAZING!!!! I'm still craving it!!!
Alright my very first review! And what a way to start it off with this place. I'm a big time sandwich girl and earls is the best I've ever had....so far. I got the Caribbean jerk chicken and it was deeee-lish! I went to the location at the planet Hollywood las Vegas. Everything about the sandwich was amazing up until the very last bite. I craved it so much, that when I got back home to SD I went straight to panera just to fulfill my cravings. I hope one will open up in SD soon!
Delicious! Came at lunch time & line was pretttty long, but totally worth the wait. Came on National Soup Day & got a coupon for a free creamy tomato soup w/ fresh cheesy croutons! I had the Earl Club, which was good, but a bit too salty cause of the bacon. The next day I came back the next night after XS (cuase they're open 24 hrs, haaay- late night drunk munches) & got the All American with turkey, buttermilk ranch & cranberries. It sounds a bit weird, but it was delicioussss! I've heard that this place compares to Nor Cal's Ikes Sandwiches, but it's a bit different. There's not as many to choose from, but it is equally delicious. A must try if you get the chance! Oh & all sandwiches are only $5.99, score!
A cheap mouth-watering hot sandwich that's open 24 hours? It can't get any better than that. I had the pleasure of going here after clubbing at around 4AM and it was heaven in my mouth. I had the Tuna melt and its the best one i've had by far.They make their own bread and it just kills me that it has to disappear into my belly.  It was soo good that we ate here again the next day.  This place is affordable and goes to show that you can still enjoy vegas even if you are on a tight budget. I wish they open one up in California preferably in Norcal!
Tasty and Affordable. . Sandwiches and the likes served hot -- a late night haven for intoxicated tourists
An EXCELLENT sandwich shop in vegas and a great place to grab a bite to eat to fuel your tank, but not stuff you. We got the sandwiches quick style and it's a pretty cheap place to eat! VISIT VISIT VISIT!
SO FREAKING GOOD! Honestly the best BLT I've ever had. When we go to Vegas this is always one of the first places we have to eat. It's cheap and really good.
I've eaten here three times on three separate occasions when I'm in Vegas.. . Each time I come here ... AMAZING. The artisan bread that they use for their hot sandwiches is simply divine. I've tried the Veggie Sandwich - very, very fresh with an almost Mediterranean taste.. . The Full Montagu is my absolute favorite sandwich as of right now. They juicy and thinly sliced turkey breasts as well as roast beef just melts in your mouth as you bite into crisp lettuce and tomatoes. Top it off with some extra Dijon mustard & tabasco sauce and I am in H.E.A.V.E.N.. . The sandwiches are ~$5.99. . I sometimes get a bowl of Tomato soup (which looks red on the screen, but comes out orange when you take off the lid). I think they mix a lot of cheddar cheese with the tomato soup because it's super creamy & rich. They put a bunch of croutons in the soup bowl so when you open the lid they are swimming in front of your face =). . AHHH Earl of Sandwich.... until we meet again.
Damn good sandwiches.  Only $5.99, and they're fast, too.  I eat there every time I stay at Planet Hollywood.  Full Montagu is great, Caribbean Jerk Chicken is my favorite. It's right across the hallway from the sportsbook.  Try it, you'll be hooked.
Thank you Earl. You were open 24hours for both my drunkeness and my hangover. Your sandwiches are warm and soft, yet crunchy and fresh. The food wasn't too heavy but it was filling. The line goes by fast, the soups are amazing, and the brownies hit the spot. We need more sandwich places like this and less places like Subway..
Here's a math question for everyone. . . If I was in Vegas for 3 days and went to Earl of Sandwich 3 times, how many sandwiches did I eat? . . A. 3. B. 4. C. This question can not be solved.. D. A & C. E. B & C. . Brings back painful memories of the SATs, huh? . . The correct answer is E! Yes, this question is totally ambiguous but, it's also true that I ate 4 sandwiches in 3 visits. And as icing on the cake, I had a bite of my friends Tuna Melt. I've had half the sandwiches on their menu and I've never had one I didn't like. It's an addiction and really the BIGGEST reason I would continually stay at PH Towers. And at $6.48 (tax included) a pop, you can save the money, eat like a king or queen, and then blow your new found savings on Wheel of Fortune. . . But seriously, these are the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire existence on Earth. Period.
A 5 star review for a sandwich shop?  YES!  As far as sandwiches go, this is the place I fantasize about.  And I always come crashing down in flames as I realize that I live 4 hours away from Las Vegas...it is a very, very sad moment.  . . The Jerk Chicken: So creamy, and there is such dynamic flavor.  I just ate it up! (Pun very much intended) . . Cannonballs (meatball sub): excellent.  If you like meatball subs, you'll like their's.  . . I'm on a mission to try more.  I encourage all you yelpers and readers to try this the next time you're on the strip in Las Vegas.  Planet Hollywood.
One of the best sandwiches I've ever had! I love that there still exists a place on the strip to get cheap, quality food. All of their sandwiches and salads are $5.99 and packed with quality and flavor. Best of all, they're open 24 hours! Luckily for me, I stayed in the Westgate Towers at Planet Hollywood so we were only a stone's throw away from Earl's. Among my group of friends, I bet we hit this place up at least 5 times a day. My favorite is the club sandwich. The bread, ingredients, and special sandwich sauce they put in all meld together perfectly. Their chicken caesar salad is also delicious (croutons were on the salty side but no matter). Yes, the line can get long but it goes by really fast. Clubs, gambling, and other shenanigans are fun but Earl's is definitely gonna be my reason for returning to Vegas.
I will always make time to go here when I'm in Vegas since it's the CLOSEST to me! Ohh fresh hot sandwiches so flavorful and so perfectly toasted! The price is amazing too. Totally affordable after you've lost it all in Vegas. The warmth of the sandwiches inside your tummy will make you feel much much better. I want some now that I'm thinking about it. Oh, I ordered the signature sandwich as well as the meatball one. Next time I go I'm going to try something different having faith that it won't disappoint.
If you had to eat at only 1 place in Las Vegas, this would be it.  Located conveniently in Planet Hollywood, it's the best $5.99 (add $2.99 if you want a cup of soup) you'll spend in Vegas.   I am so in love with Earl of Sandwich (and I've eaten there only twice) I'm questioning whether I have enough funds to open my own franchise.   But it's just a sandwich you say?  Yes, it is, but it is totally delicious.  The sandwiches come wrapped in gold foil, and it's like a hot little brick, all ready for your consumption.
This is the perfect late nite food spot and very convenient since we were staying at Plant Hollywood. Open 24 hours. Great sandwiches!! My 2 favorites: . 1)The Original - Roast beef, Cheddar cheese and creamy horseradish sauce . 2) Full Montagu - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce
Best sandwich in Las Vegas! I ate there twice recently. You won't find a better sandwich for $5.99.
Was in Vegas over the weekend, for 2 days and 2 nights, I had 3 different Esandwiches and all were superb!
Awesome place to grab a great sandwich on the Strip. This is an inexpensive option if you're in Vegas for vacation and very filling!
ONE OF THE BEST SANDWICHES I'VE EVER TASTED.. . I cannot get enough of the BREAD. I mean, that's not the only part of the sandwich but if you're a big bread fan like I am, you will definitely die for the bread. . . Overall, it's a great place to grab a sandwich for only 6 BUCKS. I wish I knew about this place since day 1 of our trip because I would of been having a cheap but delicious sandwich everyday.
I basically lived off of Earl of Sandwich this past weekend in Vegas...and well pretty much every other Vegas trip as well. Amazing, hot sandwiches at any hour of the day or night for just $5.99! The "Full Montagu" is delish! Add some tobasco, or steak sauce on it and your drunk muchies will be very satisfied.
Open 24 hours. I have to emphasize how amazing and great this place is. Best sandwiches ever. Speddy moving service. GREAT GREAT GREAT.. . . LOCATION:. -Located in Planet Hollywood. . FOOD:. - Tuna melt .. Came out HOT and the swiss was cheesy and melty but not overy cheesy! the tuna melt was perfect !. - Tomato soup .... THE BEST soup i've EVER had it was hot and creamy and thick. Perfect!. . PRICES: . - CHEAP AND AFFORDABLE. I will NEVER miss a chance to eat here ever again. I have to come here at least once every vegas trip from now on!   . . SERVICE: . - One line, order and the pay at the end of the line. It was quick and easy. There is a lady at the end of the line that gives you a menu to look like.
WHERE'S THE EXTRA CREDIT BUTTON TO GIVE THIS PLACE SIX STARS. yes... i want to give extra credit. . . tried it for the very first time in vegas last weekend... figured "hey, gotta try the original sandwich". One bite into it, i was like, "HOLLLLLLLLLLY cow, that is one good roast beef sandwich" (get the bad joke? get it?) . . lame jokes aside, if ppl r looking for something quick, YUMMY, fast, convenient, YUMMY and YUMMY, this place is the place to go on the strip. . . Location is perfect for people staying at the Cosmopolitan for it is right across the strip. . . Highly recommended for people visiting vegas.
I was so excited to come to Vegas just for this place. My friends that have been here before raved about it, so this was at the top of my list of places to try in Vegas. . . I couldn't believe the sandwiches are only $5.99! WOW! I had a bit of difficulty deciding between several sandwiches, but my veteran friends were telling me to try the Full Montagu. So I did. IT WAS AMAZING! The roast beef was really tender, the bread was toasted perfectly (I hate soggy sandwich bread), the ingredients were fresh, and amazing flavor! I finished the whole thing...and such occurrences are few and far between. I wasn't even that hungry! That's how good the sandwich was. I will DEFINITELY come back again to try a different sandwich. . . Plenty of seating is a plus; our group was rather large and we combined a few tables.. . I was rather sad that most of the places in Vegas don't have free wifi...but Earl of Sandwich has it's own FREE wifi! COOL! . . Thank you EOS, I will be back!
Maybe it was because I was a bit buzzed when I ate at this place or maybe it was because I got drunk off my ass after eating at this place or maybe it was just the sound of chips shuffling, coins banging and slot machines beeping (?)...all I can say is I don't remember much about this place.. . BUT, what I do remember was this place has AWESOME sandwiches.  I LOVE sandwiches and this place is one of the best ever, especially for the price you get!  Just go here, even if you just downed your whole life savings at the pleasure pit because those girls totally enticed you to gamble, go here and be happy.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE! I got the chicken caesar wrap last time, but everything on their menu is excellent. I stole a bite from my friend's tuna melt and I've been dreaming about it ever since...I might just have to take a trip to Vegas to get my fix.. . Is it just me or did anyone notice the significance of "Earl of Sandwich?" The word "earl" is associated with "sovereign prince," "ruler of designated territory," "duke," etc (according to Wiki)...Like John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester. HELLO?! Is it just me or is this revelation AWESOME? Earl of Sandwich...the person still remains nameless, but nevertheless, this mysterious person is still the earl...of sandwich.. . UPDATE:. My friend just told me that there actually was an Earl of Sandwhich, Edward Montagu, of Sandwhich, Kent, England and I sorta, kinda, maybe, slightly feel stupid, but whatevers. Earl of Sandwhich still rocks!
Mr. Reliable. This place is amazing. Late night snack at it's finest. It's not too big, it's not too small but it's juuuuuuuust right. In my two day stint in the area I had "The Original", "Italian" and the "Caribbean Jerk Chicken" which was my favorite. The bread is perfectly toasted the fillings were just perfectly seasoned, juicy and flavorful. . . To top it off it's open 24/7. I mean damn if my room was next to it I would be sneaking a snack every couple of hours. Enough can't be said about this place so I'll keep it short since I'm since yelpers all seem to agree already.
OMG, you have to try the "Holiday Sandwich." It's got turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, mayo, and gravy. It's a yummy Thanksgiving feast slapped between toasty bread. Beware of the food coma aftereffects. . . Shame though that the sandwich is not a regular menu item. It's only offered during the holidays (hence the name :P )
Cheap for vegas, soup and sandwich filled me up =). . the earl grey lemonade... not as sweet as i want it to be but still pretty good for a tea
excellent for sandwiches, quick service.  Jerk chicken was really good.
I think I eat here at least 3 times during every Vegas trip. It's especially helpful that they are open 24 hours which is perfect for drunk munchies at 3..4...5 AM. . . Love the toasted soft bread and how the sandwiches are consistent. I personally like the classic Earl's Club but I haven't tried a bite of one yet that wasn't good.. . Beware that some pools don't let you bring your leftover food inside! So instead of sacrificing half of your sandwich to the trash you better eat the whole thing asap.
My friends and I just finished shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood. After a few hours of shopping, we were all starving, and needed to find a restaurant that was quick and easy. Because it was New Year's Eve, we knew that every restaurant and buffet would be packed.  So we decided to give Earl of Sandwich a chance.. . Gotta tell you...ONE OF THE BEST DECISIONS I'VE MADE IN MY LIFE. I ordered the Hawaiian Sandwich, which consisted of ham, chicken, pineapple, and barbecue sauce. It was satisfying!! Even though Earl of Sandwich falls into the category of a quick place to eat, it did not have the fast-food quality food. . . I was so happy with my dinner that I convinced my friends to come back a few hours later (around 2AM). The sandwiches at Earl of Sandwich are great for after drinking....believe me.. . I LOVE EARL!!. . Personal favorite:. Hawaiian Sandwich
You definitely have to bookmark this place if you plan on coming to Vegas.  Everything is wayfurther away than it seems when walking, which makes you tired, cranky, and hungry.  The last thing you want to be doing in that state is figure out where to eat; because inevitably, you'll end up paying $20 bucks for a crappy sandwich.  So save yourself the disappointment of overspending on awful food; keep this place in the back of your mind.  At ~$6 for delicious sandwich, you won't be let down.. . The Italian has all the deliciousness you would expect with salami, capicola, cooked ham, Italian dressing, and cheese.  The big surprise for me was the All American: Roasted turkey, buttermilk ranch, cranberries,cheddar, lettuce, and tomatoes.  . . I thought to myself, "Cranberries?  Really?"  . . Oh yes, really. . . They push the sandwich over the edge of mediocrity and into the realm of hunger satisfying deliciousness.  Open 24/7, you'll never have an excuse again to pay for crappy food in Vegas.
I stayed at Planet Hollywood two weeks ago and discovered this beautiful 24 hour "Bodega" (24 hour deli shop in NYC).  . . I had about a couple sandwiches, just as my friend Melissa previously commented did as well.  I came here after partying and it definitely hit the "spot.!" . . The best thing- prices were about the same as Subway, but way better!!!!
Best sandwich ever! All American is delish!
I love this place so much, I came here twice in 2 days. And brought 8 sandwiches home with me for friends.. . BLT - So good! So much bacon. :). Ham & Swiss - Yummy, too. But I didn't like the mustard with it.. Original - BOMB.org. Ham, Egg & Cheese Breakfast sandwich - I wish I had one for breakfast again this morning. :(. Tomato soup - It was good, but I've had better.. . For $6 a sandwich, you can't go wrong. Someone needs to open a branch here in the OC.
LOVED the All American. Best sandwich I had in Vegas. best part is that is open all day all night, you can have it whenever you feel like it.  yeaaaaaaaaaay.
#1 sandwich palce !!! if you like hot sandwiches, very affordable and filling, the bread its toasted. lightly, and just crunchy enough on the outside & soft on the inside. They have a set menu for the. different ingredients in your sandwich, & I would recommend the full montagu, comes with roast beef,. turkey & vegetables in a nice cream mustard sauce !!. . Oh & if you happen to be here around thanksgiving & xmas, get the holiday sandwich, its like having. turkey left overs with all the goodness inside !
FUDGIN' DELICIOUS. MO'FUDGIN' DELICIOUSNESS. . . In a drunken stupor, I managed to venture over to Planet Hollywood from Luxor. How I got there, I'll never know, but goddamn was it worth it.
SANDWICHES ARE MY FAVORITE FOOD AND EARLS MAKES THE BEST SANDWICHES EVER.  . . No seriously.  They must put some addictive ingredient into their bread because I've never had a better sandwich.  They also serve very delicious tomato soup.
Amazing and Cheap.  I went here all the time for a big toasted sandwich for about $5. Doesn't get much better then that.
THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST SANDWICHES EVER!!!! . . I am definitely going to be making a stop here everytime I go to Vegas! I love it!
During my 5 night stay in Vegas (WAY TOO DAMN LONG!), I ate here pretty much every single day (sometimes late night too). If it wasn't good, then that would not have been the case! Although the line may seem really long at times, it moves relatively fast. You order first and then you continue waiting in line to pay. One time, my food was ready (beeper was buzzing) AS I was paying. NOICE! . . I'm not a big sandwich person usually, but Earl's is SO GOOD. I felt like I almost tried their whole menu. Pretty much nothing can go wrong with whatever you order, but my favorites (as well as my friends) were the Tuna Melt and the Hawaiian one. May I re-emphasize: SO GOOODDDDD! . . But by the last day, I got really sick of eating sandwiches, so I ordered their vegetable soup too. That was okay.
TUNA MELT. YUM. . . Definitely the place to go if you're looking for a quick and cheap bite to eat. . . It does get crowded at times but the line moves fairly quickly. Seating is somewhat limited, however, people usually just eat and leave. . . Would definitely come back!
I think the past reviews say it all - this place is delicious! No one should leave Vegas without eating a tasty sandwich from this gem in the city of lights. I've been here twice now - the first time I came around 12:30pm and the line was eternally lengthy. The second time I came here was last week, around 10:45am - very short line and the food still tasted great.. . I highly recommend ordering the Full Montagu hot sandwich. The roast beef is so tender and the mustardy sauce they lace their sandwich with adds a delicious kick. I also highly recommend buying a bag of their BBQ chips, which was satisfyingly crunchy and savory.. . Love, love, love Earl of Sandwich.
i hella liked these sandwiches. i had one while i was sober, and it was bomb. toasted bread. melty cheese. good sauce (what is that sauce?!). i'm just a huge fan of hot sandwiches, so i was definitely satisfied. . . i then came here drunk. i ordered a sandwich, went back up to our room, and PTFO without even eating my sandwich. w. t. f. how could i!? anyway, i woke up and ate it immediately in the morning. still delicious. thank you, earl.
This being the 720th review for Earl of Sandwich, Im wondering if there's really any need to go into any kind of detail. Yelpers, for the most part, are an astute bunch and should be able to figure out that this is probably the safest bet on the Strip. Trix had The Original and it was awesome. I had a Cannonballs!, also awesome. Reasonably priced and very fast. . . Fucking A, man.
I walked from Treasure Island to Planet Hollywood JUST FOR EARLS. no joke. then we walked back to our hotel. hahahhah. Even though the line was a bit long, I guess it was enough time to look over the menu because there was so much deliciousness to choose from. I ended up getting the special which was basically thanksgiving in a sandwich. YUM- one of the best sandwiches I've had in my life. This place is super cheap and it's open 24/7. =) WIN
If i lived in Vegas, I would be going to this place EVERYDAY! Best part is they're open 24 HOURS!!!. . QUICK TIP: try the Carribean Jerk Chicken sandwich and the TUNA MELT!!!! sooo wonderful and flavorful... no need to describe them anymore.. just go taste them for yourself!
We needed something quick before a big dinner later on, so we stopped here. I had the hot caprese sandwich, and it was delicious. They put the dressing on the bread, so you get that great vinegar taste to couple up with the big chunks of mozz and tomatoes. I also had the earl grey lemonade, which I recommend trying. Wasn't overly sweet like most tea.
Based on Yelper's recommendation.... . 1. Tuna Melt...I don't even like tuna, but this was amazing! . 2. Hawaiian BBQ...the pineapple really brought out the taste.. 3. Cannonballs...you might not like balls, but this can change your mind.. . Reasonably priced, quick service, and mouth watering sandwiches!  I wish there was a location in OC!
Dear Earl of Sandwich,. . PLEASE, PLEASE make one in LA county. :]. . anyways if you havent tried this place your missing out. SO DELICIOUS! everytime i go i eat one when i get there & i grab 5 more for the trip back. So that when i go home i have one for my boyfriend, one for my brother, and 3 for meeee! haha. just kidding. But yes, its delicious. & its pretty cheap i think its like 5 bucks for a sandwich. SO worth it!
came here after--surprise surprise--a night of liquidation, and couldn't have found a better place for food.  got the original sandwich and holy hell--the roast beef practically melted in my mouth.. . ohhhh yeah, i'll definitely be back.
The hot sandwiches here never lets me down (anything wrapped in gold better be good).  We walked half of the Vegas strip to get to this infamous sandwich spot... of course took a few detours on the way but we did take this journey on foot from Venetian.  I stop here almost every visit to Vegas because for $5.99 a sandwich, it's the biggest bang for your buck.  . . I would recommend splitting sandwiches with a friend so you can get to try different flavors... but also some of the sandwiches just gets a little repetitive after about half.  The line here is fairly long but consistently moves so it doesn't feel too bad.  It's totally worth the wait if you're thinking about leaving and going somewhere else.  I need to franchise one in Orange County so i can serve my own little sandwich wrapped in gold!
BEST SANDWICH EVER. I compare every sandwich I eat to this sandwich. (the only peer is Roli Roti) This place is open 24hours, its cheap, fast, hot, and delicious! I recommend the Full Montagu. I wish there was one in California so I could nomnomnom on this all the time. Sadly, the closest one is in Vegas so I'll have to wait till to go there to pursue my quest of trying everything on their menu!
Wow. Heavenly. We ate here 4 times over the course of our 3-day stay, and it was great. The best sandwiches were the Full Montagu (better than the Original) and All-American, and the Cobb Salad never disappointed. The bacon-based breakfast sandwiches werekinda salty, so avoid those, but pretty much anything is great because it comes with their delicious baked-in-the-grill bread and has a great balance of flavors. I highly recommend that you go out of your way if you're in Vegas just to try this place at least once (by the way, it's located on the south end at the junction of the casino area and the mall area).
Fiance and I stayed at Planet Hollywood while in Vegas for a long weekend and ended up going to the Earl of Sandwich three times while we were there.  Yes, I said three.  Amazingggg.  I only wish they had one in DC or Maryland!. . P.S.  Tuna Melt + Tomato = Love.
Ummmmmm $5.99 for a warm sandwich and they are open 24 HOURS!!! I ate here 3 times while visiting vegas and took 2 home to eat later, so yea they're good. I cant remember the names but we all had different sandwiches and eveyone was happy with them so you cant lose.
I have been wanting to try this place forever!!!! Im sooo glad I did. We stayed at the planet hollywood towers and you can bet that this was our go to late night spots. Im sooo glad they were open soo late because without them we'd be stuck at some local gross diner. I ordered the tuna melt which literally melted in your mouth sooo amazing. The other night I had a full montague which was also amazing. The line can get kind of long but its not a long wait at all. Im soo bummed theres not earl of sandwich here in the bay but don't worry i'll be back soon.
You know why you're here. Yes you, at 4:00 am lining up and squinting at the menu to satisfy your drunken palate. Well if my experience of the same caliber has taught me anything, it's that ANY sandwich you order here is going to be delicious. Anytime of day/night and even the next day/night as leftovers. I highly recommend the tuna melt which is absolutely yummy. The prices are reasonable too for a pretty big sandwich and what's more is that these are made fresh and so you'll always get a warm sandwich.. . You might have to wait a bit depending on when you come and how many other people are also hungrily stumbling out of the clubs or casinos but it's such a much better option than trying to go to an expensive (and usually crappy) 24 hour restaurant on the strip.
You know how when you go get drunk food at 2am, you settle for mediocrity?. . WELL THIS PLACE will blow your mind. Quality food. Quality Sandwiches. Quality at lunch. Quality at dinner. Quality at 5am.. . I've tried around 4-5 different sandwiches here and they've all been WIN. The bread is always perfect and the roast beef, ham, or whatever you get never disappoints.. . Perfect for people partying at Cosmo and need a bite afterwards or if you're just exploring in the center strip during daytime and need a lunch break.
hella delicious sandwiches. . I went for the original 1762 and it was like bliss touching the lips. Roast beef, cheddar chese, horseradish sauce. Super reasonable prices for anywhere and even better pricing since it is in Vegas. A sandwich is around 7 dollars. . I don't know what it is with the bread, but it isn't a standard roll. It's sorta ciabatta-ish but not as tough. It held up to the sauces and meats inside nicely. Great bread.. They have grey poupon and yellow mustard at the tables. I found myself using the grey poupon as sort of taqueria hot sauce and adding it on top as I bite into the succulent sandwich.. . It was so tasty, that we had it for lunch, partied, left at like 3-4am and went back for another one. I had the club this time and it was equally as good. . . Open 24 hours!
Oh man. That was awesome. It could easily be the best sandwich I had ever eaten. I was so hungry and tired of looking at expensive menus around the strip and this was like a beacon of delicious delicious hope. Mmm
Oh Mr. Earl of Sandwiches! I heart your gold bars of delicious-ness. (Yes the sandwiches are wrapped in gold foil, and they're so rectangular!). . My bf and I shared the Hawaii BBQ and the popular Full Montagu. Plus the Tomato soup. (Unfortunately the soup was lukewarm but the sandwiches made up for it). . We liked the Hawaii BBQ better as it was more flavorful. We had to add Grey Poupon to the Full Montagu, and that made it 10x better.. . The bread is toasted with magic. Omgoodness.. . I want to stay in Planet  Hollywood next time just so I can have easy access to Mr. Earl *grabby hands*
So delicious. I only got the Original, but it was pretty near perfect. The blend of roast beef, crispy bread, and creamy horseradish sauce is sublime. Every bite melts in your mouth.. . The ice cream sandwich - what a perfect way to end your meal. Kind of like a brownie a la mode in sandwich form.. . The portions here don't look like much, but seriously, we all were huffin' and puffin' as we walked away. Deceptively filling for a good price.. . 4.5 stars only because I wanted more horseradish sauce, but that's only a little gripe. Open 24 hours and you're by Planet Hollywood? Come here for a bite, you won't regret it.
The wait may be a little long at times, but it's expected and worth it to have a deliciously toasted little sandwich.  It's probably my second very sandwich shop around.. I like to get the light stuff, like the caprese sandwich, which I absolutely love! Filling yet refreshing.  Can't forget to pair it with the tomato soup!  It's creamy, and tomatoey, but not too overwhelming.  Some may say there is too much bread when they first look at it, but once you sink your first bite into it, there is a perfect ratio of meat to bread, and the bread is perfectly toasted, not too hard, not too soft.. Pricing is reasonable.. Advice, eat it the way it was meant to be eaten.. unless of course you're allergic or will die at the taste of mustard.
There used to be an Earl close to where I lived in Michigan.. but one day when I went for my favorite tuna melt in the world, it was gone, just like that.. . And since that day some 2 years ago, I have been pretty down. But then, while tipsily walking through Planet Hollywood, I saw it. I saw the shrine of all things holy.... EARL OF SANDWICH!. . The friends I was with walked in unassumingly, not that interested, and refusing to believe my ranting. But then again, my mouth may have been watering so much that I may not have been speaking properly.. . Once we all go out sandwiches though-- they became believers. The Earl makes a damn good sandwich. This place goes way beyond all other chain sandwich shops in the country, I can't wait for the day that The Earl conquers all. It is rightfully deserved.. . Trust me, if you want a sandwich. Go here. Hands down, no questions about it.
One of the best deals on the strip! Great place to pick up a lunch or a quick inexpensive diner before a show! Great sandwiches, salads and soups! Everything is fresh, fast and priced less then even panera! A staple to vegas enjoyment on a budget!
One of the best sandwich places on the strip.. . Sandwiches are hot and fresh - delicious
The best sandwiches I have ever had!!
I always have to eat here when I am in Vegas. It's a must! The sandwiches are warm and the bread is toasted to perfection. I really wish they would open a location here. I normally get the Full Montague. Yumm, my mouth is watering thinking of this sandwich. I have tried other ones as well, the bread is all the same, but the Full Montague, which is filled with roast beef, turkey, and vegetables is the way to go! Another mentionable product is their tomato soup. I have no idea why, but I really like it from here. It's thick and puree-ish but not? I don't know but if you're up to it, definitely order the sandwich plus this soup.. . The line is always long, but the wait for the food to be prepared is pretty short. I kinda wish it wasn't located at Planet Hollywood, since their shops are not appeasing and their casino is ugly. I just hate that hotel in general. But if you walk further down you can get Fat Tuesdays with your sandwich!
This place is soooo close to trumping Ike's Sandwiches in SF. Soooo good. I was sitting in class today back home daydreaming about how amazing my sandwich was. It is a MUST to go here.. . I got the Italian with --- Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato. My first thought was that it was kind of a small and flat portion. I was WRONG. I think I went through half of my sandwich and was stuffed! My brain was satiated by it's wonderfulness too quick that it tricked my stomach into being full. (No joke. That physically happens with a satisfying meal!): . . My boyfriend got the Full Montegue that was amazing too. It had Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. The bread is toasted to perfection. Everything about this place is mouth-watering. . . . . Why pay to eat buffets and overpriced mediocre restaurants? For $6.99 a pop, this place is soooooooo worth it.
Earl! Your golden wrapper makes me feel like I've won the golden ticket to Charlie and the Chocolate Factory!. . No but seriously, I think of Earl's all day err day in Sin City. . . I eat Earls so I can have something to soak up my booze before going out. I eat Earls after I go dancing so the calories burned can accommodate for the excess calorie consumption at 4AM in the morning. I eat Earls even if the lines are ridiculously long  . I eat Earls to stare at the bunch of starved zombies that populate here at the crack of dawn. . But I really just eat Earls cause it's so damn delicious. . . I've tried the. . -The Earl's Club: you were just "okay" in my book.. -Caribbean Jerk Chicken: too jerky.. -Hawaiian BBQ: mmmhh! Tastes like Hawaiian pizza with a BBQ kick!. -Italian: mama mia! Delizioso! The perfect combo and the italian sauce gave it a little extra somthing. . . Just a note: if you know you have an addiction to Earl, I would highly advise staying at a hotel FAR away from Planet Hollywood or else you'll soon find yourself blowing money not at the casinos...but at Earls. Yep.
I've been eating subway meatball subs for as long as I can remember. I thought it was good, until I had the Earl of Sandwich Cannonball. Now my dream of owning a Subway toaster oven with sides of meatballs, roasted garlic bread and provolone has been completely shattered. Heck, all my dreams are now secondary to one:. . I just want to live nearer to the Earl and his meaty balls of goodness.
A sandwich place. . . It's 24 hours.. . Located in the Miracle Mile next to PBR bar and grill.. . Delicious sandwiches. . . Delicious soups. . . They have Newcastle. . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=YthQGafrgMApLF_XMj_Zkw. . I had the cannonBALL sandwich. It was tasty! . . Did I mention it was 24 hours?? . . 5 stars.
FINALLY got to try it for my first time yesterday since I had a staycation at the Planet Hollywood.  Results: IN LOVE!. . I sat down, opened my hot sandwich, and as soon as I took a bite out of my Earl Club sandwich, I was in love.  The bread was freshly baked to order and it was so good.  The sandwich sauce they use; delish!  My boyfriend had the meatball sub and he was just as in love as I was with this place.  We are going to eat here again today before we leave the PH.  This shop will definitely make us keep coming back for more.  . . It's the perfect size too!  I think that the freshly baked bread they use is what definitely makes this sandwich stick out.  I love bread though, so I might be a little bias.  I can't wait to try more of their sandwiches!  . . I also had the macaroni salad, pasta salad, and their chocolate chip cookies.  They taste like they should; nothing to rave about.   But the sandwiches...YUM!  I think I can eat one everyday!  I'm very glad I got to finally try Earl of Sandwich.. . Go now!  You will NOT be disappointed!  Not even by the price!
This place is so good I ate here twice in a row for lunch out of the 4 days I was in Vegas. They offer a large variety of hot sandwiches, salads, some wraps, and baked goods. The price is very reasonable which is great if you're on a budget. For about $8 I could get a nice sandwich and a drink with free refills! The bread is what really makes it for me, nice and warm and a little bit crispy. My bf got the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich both times because he said it was so good. I got the meatball sandwich one time and a turkey sandwich with cranberries, lettuce, tomatoes, and some other things (I can't remember what it's called) which I would highly recommend. Just a side note, their Earl's Grey Lemonade is an Arnold Palmer. I didn't know that the first time, but it was fine with me since I like them anyway!
OMG YES. I got the original and it was cheap and melt-in-your-mouth lusciously delicious. Their system is smooth and the place is nice, and the hours are sooooo convenient. 24/7! Even though it's Vegas, finding good food at certain hours, especially for a reasonable price, is harder than I thought, so this was fantastic. I wish we had one here...noticed they were advertising their franchise. Lol. Please someone...open one in SoCal?
The best sandwich place Ive ever eaten at, hands down! The sandwiches here are amazingly tasty and the service runs like a well oiled machine. And their prices are completely reasonable compared to a lot of places in Vegas!
YUm YUm!!! Long lines usually. But man these sandwiches are good. Warm toasty melty cheesy! That's all I gotta say. Worth the wait.
Holy Moses Smell the Roses, this place is GREAT!!!! $5.99 for a hot sandwich, wow that is fabulous.  The menu is diverse and the food is GREAT.  We arrived after a long flight and grabbed a sandwich, after drinking for 6 hours I found myself back in line for another one!  For the quality of the sandwich they could charge double.  Line moves fast and the service was friendly.
This place is the real deal!! I couldn't even keep track of how many times I stopped by this place to get a sandwich! This place made my stay at Planet Hollywood worth it! 24/7 awesome hot sandwiches is the best thing ever...now on to the good stuff.... . My absolute fave was the ham and cheese. The mustard alone that was on this sandwich was to die for...and I about did by choking on the 2nd bite from trying to jam it in my face! The best BLT pretty much lived up to the name. This thing was tasty. The classic roastbeef was pretty great also. The horseraddish sause again...was amazing. . . This place exceded my expectations and was only like $6 a sandwich. You can't beat that in Vegas! The line was never too busy while I was there, but also it was during the week, I can imagine weekends would be busier. . . Now if only I had an Earl closer to me I would be set. When I go to move, I am taking Earl's locations into consideration!
Dear Earl of Sandwich: You complete me.
WTF a place in Las Vegas that's $5 for a sandwich?! Unheard of IMO.. . Got the Full Montagu -- it was really good as other reviewers have mentioned.. . Took us awhile to get to Planet Hollywood, but well worth it for the $$
"You're in Vegas? You have to try Earl of Sandwich!". says my friend.. . So while waiting for my friends to wake up, I decided to walk over to PH and try this place. First of all, where are the darn signs? I couldn't find it LOL. and no, I wasn't drunk or anything. This was around 11am. . I finally got there and there was a line but it was moving really past. . I probably spent less than 5 minutes in line. . . Ordered the Earl Club.. I didn't quite like the cheese but I liked everything else.. And even though it's not a foot long, it's still very filling and they don't skimp you on the meat.. . Definitely a Vegas must-try! . Or Dear Earl of Sandwich, come to CA already!
Awww yeah hot sandwiches yahhh! MM they were so good! Go here when your on a budget and still want some some food. Damn slots took your buffet money. haha . . Most of their sandwiches if not all their sandwiches are made hot. I got the original roast beef. MMM yum yum yummy! Perfect amount of roast beef and horseradish that's not too overpowering where your eyes water. You know what I mean. They bread is sooo good too, crunchy on the oustide and soft on the inside. Good selection of sandwiches.. . A good Vegas trip consists of coming here twice. Once is just not enough!
Wow... YUM! My boyfriend can't stop talking about this place after we had gone. The only complaint I have is that the sandwiches are kind of small so we still felt hungry afterwards, but didn't want to stand in line. Both sandwiches we had were very delicious, but were gone so quick! I'm really glad they have grey poupon mustard on the tables because it made my sandwich taste yummier! The bread is delicious; so soft and tasty!. . In Vegas where people are up all day and all night, being open 24 hours is a MAJOR ++++!! and having great reviews?! jeesh... can't get any better. LOVE IT!
we came here at 5am once after a night at xs, saw the line, and jammed. came back here the next day before heading back home to cali, cali, and the line was just as long. but we were hungry as hippos, so we didn't care!. . i got the original, with roast beef and horseradish, and their broccoli cheese. their broccoli and cheese was BOMB! A (didn't quite get the + though... still good!) their Original was yumskies too! the roast beef was moist, opposed to the usual dry fast food-y roast beef.. . several of my friends ordered the Earl's Club, and everyone got their smoked bacon in the sandwich....besides one. hehehe i thought that was pretty funny.. . the only downside to this place is the limited seating. but if you're drunk on the strip (or DRUNKINTHEPOOL!), you can eat that sheez on-the-go!. . 24hours! immediate like.
Wow, this is as good as cheap sandwiches get. We actually went here twice during our stay because of how good it was. The bread is amazing, while there was always a long line it moved a lot faster than expected. If you're looking for grub near Planet Hollywood, this is a great spot to grab it.. . Pros: (all the sandwiches we shared). -Caribbean Jerk Sandwich - my personal favorite because I like a little kick. . -Hawaiian BBQ Sandwich - great combo.. -Earl Club Sandwich - This one was good and then continued to grow on me as I ate it. . -Original Sandwich - Classic roast beef and cheese.. -Earl potato chips - reminded me a lot of Boulder Chips. Love them.. -Frozen Earl Lemonade - sour but not too sour, I kicked it up a notch by buying a shot of vodka across the way.. . Cons: . -Long Line (but not that bad, it moves faster than you think and it gives you time to look at a menu). . Do yourself a favor and stop by the Earl of Sandwich.
American sandwhich was really good, cranberry sauce, awesome cheese, hot sandwhich
Can you say delectable and what anamazing concoction their bread is!!??!? I tried the Jerk Chicken and it was decent, not really great but not bad. But still, it didn't trigger my glands and produce saliva to dragg me back here.... . And then I found my new best friend, their TUNA MELT. Holy freakin bonkers it's good. I drool for this stuff and want to come back to Vegas just for that. For only $6 per sandwich and the food just hits the spot!! At first, Yvonne N. told me to order it, she highly HIGHLY reccomended it and I was like ehhh why would I come here for a tuna melt, then I bit into this heavenly combination of hot, soft, and crisp bread and juicy tuna salad that melts in your mouth with the "ooz" of swiss chese... WOW I underestimated the power of Earl's!!!
Lunch time anyone? or apparently they close real late lol Got lunch here and ordered two sandwiches and shared it with my boo :) there were barely a line, and once again it's an order/pay/ but pick up food when the buzzer thingy goes off kind of ordeal. We ordered the full montagu and the . club! How was the food?. . -Full Montagu:. for some reason I found it to taste a bit cinnamony but not a bad sandwich and I put some mustard in it and made it yummy!. gave it a kick!. . -The Club. MMM GOOD STUFF! I like this sandwich better, and of course with a touch of mustard again made it more good, yumz.   . . OVERALL:. DELICIOUS SANDWICHES for 5.99 anyone?! I'M DOWN!
So this place was REALLY hyped up for me since we had a friend that loooooves this place; it lived up to the hype thankfully!. . Earl is located in the Miles mall of Planet Hollywood. Their bread is made slightly undercooked so that it cooks and toasts fully when the sandwich goes through the conveyor oven with all the filling. Everything was really really good; the bread was always perfectly toasted and piping hot. . . We ate:. Hawaiian: A little too salty, will not get again. Full Montagu: REALLY GOOD!. Earl's Club: Friends said really good. The Original: Also good. . Get the full montagu and earl's club definitely. 2 mornings in a row we got the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich too - really really good. They serve breakfast until 11, but you can get the other sandwiches any time you want. . . The kona coffee they serve is also pretty good :). We will be back!!!
We were looking for something to satisfy our hunger and walking into the Miles Mall this was the first place we ran into. There wasn't a line as we went there on a Saturday afternoon. You can pick your sandwich and add chips and drink to your order. They give you the buzzer and you wait for your sandwich to get done.. . I ordered the All American sandwich, which had roasted turkey and cranbarry sauce in it. It was very tasty and everybody else liked their sandwiches too. It tasted very fresh and the bread was soft in the inside and crunchy on the outsite. Prices are reasonable and staff is friendly and helpfull. Would definitely go back there.
Ah yes, Earl of Sandwich. Every Vegas mans hangover preference. All I have to say is, FULL MONTAGUE! (and tomato soup... With lots of water, mind you) will cure that hangover.
Earl of sandwich claims to have the world's greatest hot sandwich.  Well John Montagu, you are correct sir.  This place has amazing sandwiches.  My favorite is the caprese.  Simple, yet delicious.  My wife's favorite is the BLT.  . . The sandwiches only come in one size.  They aren't huge, but they are large enough.  My wife and I each get a sandwich and then spit a yogurt parfet for dessert.  The are reasonably priced, giving you more money for the casino's.
I ate lunch here twice during a two-day stay in Las Vegas, and i recommend you make this your go-to lunch place. Located right on the strip, in the Planet Hollywood, just to the left of the main entrance to the Miracle Mile Mall. . . This is a great first meal of the day, to energize you for the casinos, or cure your hangover from the night before. To order, line up, order your meal, continue in line to pay and order a drink. . . If you arrive at peak lunch time, expect a crowd. However, for the amount of traffic, they are extremely efficient. If you're in a group, have one person scout out a table, because the seats are taken quickly. . . To eat, the sandwiches are good, but the prices are ever better: five dollars for a medium-sized sandwich. There are also wraps, salads, and soups. Although I did not try a wrap or a salad, i can say that the Veggie sandwich was delicious, and that the "Vegetable" and "Cheddar and Broccoli" soups are so thick, that they no longer taste like a healthy option. All of the meals, including soups, are wrapped expertly, and labeled, for easy take-away. . . Pro Tip: While you're at Earl of Sandwich, order coffees, and sit playing Penny Slots, while watching tv. Beware of the annoying Wheel of Fortune Countdown "5..4...3...2...1" at one of the surrounding machines. . . Also, if not given a buzzer to claim your meal, hold onto your receipt as it has a number on it to claim your meal.
After blowing all your money on gambling and other crazy stuff that Vegas has to offer, you can bet that this spot offers a really good deal that won't dent your wallet too much.  It's also open 24 hours, which means you can use any excuse in Vegas to eat here anytime.  Our favorites would be the All American and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken; the best $13 I ever spent in Vegas. The best part is probably the toasted bread and each sandwich is amazingly hot and tasty..!
Have you ever seen "FRIENDS" the show? Remember how Joey mentioned that the meatball sandwich he had was as good as sex? Well this place definitely hits the spot!! A wide selection, open I THINK 24 hours (we came here after the club at 5 am, so it has to be open 24hrs), and just really good and affordable!!. . For me I wanted something different so I chose the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich. The sandwich has Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce. AS a hot sandwich it was FABULOUS. the bread was crispy but NOT hard. The Chicken was moist and all the toppings just tasted fresh. Move over SUBWAYS and TOGO's...I have a new love for sandwiches thanks to Earl. Why can't there be one here in California?!. . I would recommend this to all my friends to definitely check out. It is affordable, the lines are long but doesn't take long, delicious, fresh and just enough to hit the spot and satisfy you for a good lunch! I give earl a 5 stars, best sandwich place I've ever been to in a while :-)
During our quick stay in Vegas this past weekend, we stumbled into Earl of Sandwich for a 3am bite!  The simple fact that Earl of Sandwich is amazing is one matter, but the second fact that Earl of Sandwich is opened 24 hours - this simply makes the world a better place! Yum yum! Why isn't there an Earl of Sandwich in OC? Or in LA at the very least!  WHYYYY!?!?!  . . This time, the bf ordered the Club sandwich again.  I ordered the original Earl of Sandwich with the sandwich sauce instead of their mustard, and WOW!  How can a sandwich taste this good?  And, why does Earl of Sandwich have to be so far?  I'm not sure that this long-distance relationship thing is going to work out and it is very upsetting to me!  Just the thought of Earl of Sandwich breaks my heart as the taste is still imprinted in my memories and taste buds.  Until next time... Earl of Sandwich, wait for me!  I promise that I am worth the wait as you are worth the wait for my next trip to Vegas! Let's try to make this work!
This has got to be the best sandwich place I've eaten at by far ...in Vegas! I always get the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich because its so bomb dude! Drunk or sober as fuck!! The bread is nice n toasty, chicken cooked to perfection with melted cheese all over.. . It's a must when you're at Planet Hollywood or somewhere by there. . Best part is... it's 24hrs.
herro I miss you come back into my life.. . Why is this place so freakin good? Why?. . The first time I had it I thought it sucked. I got the italian and it tasted like shit and I threw it away. The second time I had it was because I was  starving and alone because everyone else ate without me while I slept (the fuckers) SO i decided to mosey down the elevator and stumble over to mr. Earl. Got the original and now I cannot stray. Extra Dijon a pepsi and that shit is gone. . Yum crispy tenderness. Roast beef is so melt in mouth good I wonder if they have cooked it long enough. . THe third time i went there i got the original with pasta salad and a pepsi. I literally had to be rolled out of there. SO much food, so good. . . I will come back another day. ANother time my friend. They also have breakfast sandwiches. But its like 7am  to 11am . Who the eff wakes up before 11 in vegas, unless you just stay up all night, it is earl's so it might just be worth it.
I wish we had one of these in San Jose. Seriously, why don't we have one closer to us?!. . I went to Vegas for 3 days with a few friends. Out of all of the delicious places we could have chosen, we decided to eat here twice. I had the club the first time, then the all american the second day. The club was definitely my #1 pick! My boyfriend got the full montagu and LOVED it. I'm pretty sure he's still dreaming about that scrumptious sammy! . . I can't wait for my next visit to Vegas!!
I was in Vegas last week and HAD to see what all the hype was about. A friend of mines went there a few weeks back and every meal he had was at Earl of Sandwich. Come on, how can that be? Had to find out. It's located inside of Planet Hollywood so it is not that easy to get to. There is almost ALWAYS a line from what I hear, especially around 2am-4am after the clubs. The place is clean, well lit and there are about 10-12 different sandwiches. Our group tried the Montagu and Italian sandwiches along with the soup. They also offer different salads and desserts. Everything they had displayed looked wonderful. The prep time for the sandwiches was short and everything came out piping hot. The anticipation was killing me. With my first bite, I was deeply in love. I had to sit back in my chair and contain myself. I really needed to take my time with this sandwich! The Italian was so tasty and delicious. The sandwich is soft, not soggy... with italian dressing. I normally cannot finish a full sandwich but I sure finished this one! The Montagu was great as well but the winner is the Italian!!! I also tried the Chicken soup which was good, the Cheese soup not so great. I am in love. Too bad long distance relationships don't work because I live like 4 hours away. Till the day we meet again Earl, I will think of you everyday....
Came here and got the Original 1762 and the Italian and split it with another person, not something you'd want to eat if you're a health freak but they do have really good, hot sandwiches. . Sandwiches are fairly small but you get what you pay for. They also have salads and wraps and breakfast food, dessert too!. I believe they are now open 24 hours, conveniently located at PH, close to casino's, right next to the shops. Perfect to eat after a night of partying, stumbling drunk through the line.
This place just beats any sandwich place I have ever eaten and for the price of 5.99 a sandwich just makes it a 5 star sandwich place. The bread is really crisp on the outside and the bread inside is moist and fluffy. I had the Caribbean jerk, earl's club, tuna melt, full Montague and more. I thought they were all pretty good, but my favorite would have to be the Caribbean jerk. full of flavors!! this is one place you just  have to try if you're on a budget or in a rush!
Fantastic sandwich. Had Turkey club with Bacon on side. It was warm and crunchy on the outside but meaty salty Turkey with Swiss on the inside.  I would definitely go back.
This is to die for :) "The Golden Brick". . Every vegas trip first stop Earls....after the night Earls...on the way home Earls.. You can never get tired of this place. It is still good after one day. Love the Tuna Melt, Meatball, Hawaiian BBQ, Caribbean Jerk Chicken and their Holiday Special (turkey,stuffing,cranberry sauce).
Earl Of Sandwich, seriously the best sandwich I have ever had. I seriously wish I had like 4 stomachs so I can try 4 sandwiches in one seating. I think I speak for my girlfriend that this is seriously the best sandwiches.. . Earl Of Sandwich is located in Planet Hollywood, best way to get here is pretty much enter in through the mall, with the entrance nearest pinks hot dogs. The line can get long here, but the service is pretty fast, and the fact that they supply you with those little thingy-ma-jiggy's that blinks red whenever your sandwich is ready to be picked up. I do love that they have a refill area for your soft drinks, it was a huge help for my thirsty self!. . They actually have a large seating area, and also a wide variety of chips and dessert bites. Seriously though any of the sandwiches they offer are $5.99, and even though I only tried two of their sandwiches, I know that the others are just as bomb!. . I had the Hawaiian sandwich, and oh my goodness. I remember first taking my bite into that sandwich, my eyes instantly closed and enjoyed eachflavor. From the juice and sweetness from the pineapple, to the gooey but delicious cheese, the tender and salty taste from the ham, and to top it all off the crunch from the bread, its just a heavenly bite!. . My girlfriend got the club sandwich, and seeing her reaction when she first bit into the sandwich, it was seriously a mirror image of myself but of her of course. Instead of Whoa which would come out of my mouth, my girlfriend yelled out BOMB! When I got to take my share of her sandwich, I dont blame her. The sandwich had many different textures from the crunch from the sandwich and the bacon, and also different flavors, salt from the bacon, the zing from the mustard it was simply amazing! . . Overall I plan on coming to Earl of Sandwich whenever I come to Vegas, it is a must! I cannot wait to try all the other sandwiches, because seriously being so far away and having my mouth water, im getting all jumpy just wanting to have some right now!. . - Ssp
You have to try these.  They are open 24 hours and the sandwich is delicious.  They are very efficient too.
If you love sandwiches, go no further than Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood.  Fun Fact: Earl is a rank and Sandwich is a town in the UK; the word sandwich is actually named after its creator, John Montagu, the 4th Earl of Sandwich.. . Haven't gotten around to trying all the sides (heard from friends they are good though), but the three sandwiches I tried were all excellent.  Sandwiches come out hot and are all made to order for only $5.99.  A deal anywhere including Vega$.  The toasted artisan bread combined with fresh ingredients make for tasty bite after tasty bite.. . The Original is roasted beef, cheddar cheese and their own creamy horseradish sauce.  The roast beef tastes juicy and the horseradish sauce has a great tangy, not too hot combination.. . The Italian is fresh tasting with juicy, ripe tomatoes and chunks of mozzarella cheese.  The Italian dressing adds a nice zest to the salamis and ham.. . The Cannonballs! is your hearty meatball sandwich done right.. . Go here for lunch, early dinner, midnight snack, or even 5am drunkies feeding as this place stays open 24 hrs.
You really can't argue with this place. Good, hot sandwiches at a very reasonable price. I've had every one of their sandwhiches and enjoyed them all. The Carribean Jerk would have to be my favorite and there may not be a better food to soak up the booze you've undoubtedly been consuming too much of. Really good place, fantastic for the money.
Every time I have eaten here I have been drunk. so I dont know how this place would taste sober. but i can say everything taste AWESOME when you are drunk. so this place was AWESOME. i would tell you what i ate but i was so drunk i dont even remember!!!. thank you Earl you big sandwich hunk of bread eating guy who has his stores looking like a assembly line with vibrating order thingys. its also preggo approved!
I've been here twice...but i know everytime im in vegas it will be a must to stop here even though i have only had the cesar salad.....it is a darn good cesar salad!!!!!
The sandwiches here actually live up the hype! Crazy.. . The perfect blend of crunchy yet soft bread, sweet basil and savory balsamic when done perfectly gets me every time. The caprese sandwich here is amazing, I had two in one day. BF loved the original, which he classifies as uber meaty... Not my style but whatever, he was still craving it a week later. . . YES they are open 24 hours, they have amazing chips, and even chocolate pudding. Sober or not, their sandwiches are awesome. I'd take this over Capriotti's too.. . Yummilicious Factor = A+
DELICIOUS sandwiches. . . I can imagine this place is always crowded and I can see why, the sandwiches are so tasty. Seating can be a little difficult, but hey you can always take your sandwich to go and eat anywhere on the strip!. .  The bread is FANTASTIC!! I tried the club and it was fabulous, I mean the bread was GREAT to start with and then once added all this deliciousness in it made it THAT much better, I mean c'mon it had bacon. And what's better than bacon?. . They are open 24 hours, which is great for those late nights partying in Vegas. I can't wait to drop by again when I am back in vegas!
We came here like 5 times in 2 days, that's how good this place is. I admit, the first time I tried Earl's, I was not impressed. But the second and third and fourth, you get the point, yummy in my tummy! Don't come here with the expectation that you'll be wow'd out of your seats; just come to enjoy a quality sandwich that is flavorful and delicious. And cheap ($5.99!). Which helps when you're in Vegas. Their cheddar soup is so good. After trying Earl's soups, I became addicted and started having soup everywhere I went. . . Definitely recommend trying the Earl's Club and Hawaiian BBQ. The Caribbean Jerk and Full Montagu were yums too. I heart Earl. . . OPEN 24/7! Go get your Earl on!
Last day in Vegas, and went to PH to grab some sandwiches. OMG!!!! that's the end of this review. Nah, j/k.  Anyways, this place is surprisingly well priced for its sandwiches than other places like in Mandalay Bay where a burger and fries costs...wait for it...$19+!!! So yeah,  spent $9 on a Chicken Jerk Sandwich and a Frozen Lemonadeand enjoyed every bite of it!!
i love this place. great sandwiches. they have the best bread ever! . . so far, ive tried four different sandwiches and they never fail to be super delicious! there needs to be one in los angeles. :)
I am a regular to Vegas and the vegas food scene, which is comprised mainly of: expensive gourmet dining ($120 and up for 2 range), or overpriced mediocre dining (chain restaurants such as Outback, whose prices are inflated because of its "on the strip" location, and rainforest cafe) and cheap fast food joints (prices still inflated from what they'd normally charge if not on the strip.. the panda express, mc'dees, rubios, S'barro pizza). . . On my last trip to Vegas, i decided that i wouldn't be a sucker anymore. I wanted to have a good meal, at a reasonable price, and if i have to walk half the strip, then so be it. I searched on yelp and Earl of Sandwich came up. A deja-vu moment came back, since I've been to Planet Hollywood before and recalled having briefly seen this spot, not far after you enter the hotel/ casino. I trekked my way from MGM to PH, for this. Worth the 82 degrees heat, and the 15 min walk. And alas, i can't place Earl in any of the 3 categories of the Vegas dining scene. I guess i am mentally creating a new category: good & cheap! (I believe Earl's is a chain, but it's too good to be put in the same league as the other chain restaurants). . . It was just the 2 of us, but since I wanted to give a fair review of the food, we got 3 sandwiches for variety: the Full Montagu, The Ham 'n' Swiss and The All American. The Full Montagu is my favorite, with just the right amount of meat (roast beef and turkey), 2 types of cheese (swiss and sharp cheddar) and a good slab of the house mustard sauce.The All American is like thanksgiving on a sandwich (it has cranberries, turkey, cheese). The ham and swiss is the most boring choice of the 3, but it's good quality ham n' cheese sandwich. . . You do have to get chips or any other sides for additional cost, as they aren't included in the $5.95 price (for all sandwiches!). They get packed. But other than that, it's a solid spot.
Ate here 3x in one weekend. Love the orginal (#1 I believe) with extra horseradish sauce. . . Like other yelpers have said, their Tuna Melt was excellent. Will definitely eat here again.. . Of note... it's open 24hrs!
There are so many reviews for this place. I'll just name what I love to . order over here! :). . Sandwiches:. --Full Montagu. --Cannonballs. --Tuna Melt. --Club. --Veggie. .  Soups:. --Tomato. --Vegetable Medley-On the salty side, but I still enjoyed eating all the veggies :). . . All of these are very very good! Especially after a night of partying, all you need to do is pop the other half of sandwich in the microwave and  you have a quick BRUNCH! :). . Located inside Planet Hollywood.. - You will see PINK'S HOT DOGS outside( If you go inside where Urban Outfitters is, then you're at the wrong entrance) However, there still is a way to get to Earl's from there! . - Go inside Miracle Miles Shops. - When you walk inside you will see Rock Bar to the right. . - Keep going straight, and to your LEFT you will see the HUGE "EARL OF SANDWICH" sign. :) You won't miss it.. - However, if you keep going straight, you will see FAT TUESDAY. You can buy a FAT TUESDAY..... -THEN, walk backwards to go back to Earl of Sandwich :)
:) Hooray for Earl of Sandwich for getting a rare 5-Star rating from this hungry Yelper. This might have been one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever had and definitely a great find on the Strip. . . Open 24 Hours, this place serves the hungry Sin City visitors and is a well oiled machine. The service is prompt even during a really busy time and when the plastic bag of gold wrapped sandwiches was passed my way, I was definitely excited.. . The sandwich is not that big but definitely packs in a ton of flavor. Their secret might be the delicious bread that comes with the sandwich. I couldn't tell if it was pan fried bread or not but there was definitely something special about it. The ingredients inside were fresh and their mustard was very yummy. . . In Vegas, under 10 dollars for any meal is a steal and if you just need a satisfying lunch for room for snack later, this is a great choice. I ordered the Earl's Club and wish I was in Vegas longer just so I could try their whole menu. I am definitely definitely coming back to this place again during my next Vegas adventure.
I love Earl of Sandwich! Ishhhh goood! The only reason i have ever tried this place was because i stayed at the planet hollywood and i came back from a night of partying and was sooooo hungry. Thank god this place was open 24 / 7 YO! So i decided to get a earls club which is a turkey bacon sandwich. It looked like a normal sandwich as i watched them prepair it. The place made the sandwich fast and was wrapped in a a nice foil that actually kept the sandwich warm for quite some time. I  also want to mention alot of the people getting sandwichs here at night are people they came back from partying and drinking alot.  Anyways i got my earls club brought it back to my room and just wanted something with bread in it to soak in the alcohol. First bite i toook of my EARL'S club and i was FEELING it! it WAS SOOO GOOOD! The bread had a nice crisp to it, it wasn't to crisp because u can feel the softness of it too. PLus the turkey and bacon made it really good. Most of the sandwichs at earl's i believe and HOT sandwichs. I just got a sandwich and it was only 5-7 dollars. For a late night snack this really hit the spot. I was thinking of getting another one before i went to bed but decided to just wait until i wake up to get another one! Hahaha Sooo now everytime i stay at planet hollywood, i have to earl's sandwich. I think the way they make their sandwichs plus the way they prepare and toast the sandwich is kind of unique. Their bread / sandwich's does have a distinct taste to it. Please try this sandwich place if your staying at planet hollywood. The line is long during the day and during the night it goes by pretty fast.
Absolutely the best sandwich around, and it's only $5.99.  The Original and Full Montagu are some of tastiest sandwiches I've had in my life.  You can't go wrong if you go to the Earl of Sandwich craving (duh) a sandwich.  They also have a veggie sandwich for those concerned types.  The soups, especially the Tomato Soup, taste great and it doesn't hurt your pocketbook as much with it being only $2.99.  The yogurt parfaits ($3.99) are pretty good too, my favorite being blueberry.. . According to Caesars Entertainment the descendant of the Earl of Sandwich started this little sandwich shop inside Planet Hollywood.  How can you not have a sandwich from someone who is a descendant of the OG of sandwiches.  Earl of Sandwich, oh yeah!!!
Hooray!!!!! I loved the sandwich. I ordered The Full Montagu and the tomato soup I loved every bite of it! :) The artisan bread was so buttery and so tasty! :) My friends loved what they ordered.. . btw. this place is open 24 hours! It would be a perfect place for lunch or for a midnight snack! . . Ahhh. my mouth is drooling as I'm typing this!
This is a great deal in Vegas and the food is YUMMY!! For the price of $5.99 for any toasted hot sandwich or salad, it is better than fast food. Located in Planet Hollywood, expect a line, but the it goes by pretty fast. During my stay here this weekend, i came here twice!! It was that good and affordable. . . The first time I was here, I got the Earl's Club and I split a Cobb Salad with a friend. The sandwich was a good size and very tasty and the salad was very fresh. I ate half my sandwich only and saved the other half for later - it was still good later..=) . . The second time here, I got the broccoli & cheese soup and I split the Chinese chicken salad with a friend. Both did not disappoint again. . . This place is open 24 hours and a great place for a bite. One of my places to eat when in Vegas.
My favorite place to eat when I go to Vegas!  Not only is it one of the cheaper options on the strip, but it's open late and it's DELICIOUS.  Planet Hollywood is smart, because this is one of the only reasons I make a trip over (I guess also, because Planet Hollywood is the only place I'm ever up in blackjack, but that's besides the point).  My go-to sandwich is always the Caprese sandwich, and I add turkey to it (still gotta have my meat!).  It is less than $10 I believe (I think it's like - $6 for the sandwich alone, and like $2-3 for the added meat) but man, the bread is delicious, the balsamic is awesome, and I have a soft spot in my heart for fresh mozzarrella.  LOVE. Also, their potato salad is pretty tasty too, but small portions, so beware if you want to share, because you might just end up with about 2 bites.  I want to go back to Vegas now just thinking about the deliciousness that is Earl of Sandwich, mmmmmmmm....
so why is everyone talking about earl of sandwich??  . . IT'S BOMB!!  *there, i said it.*. . i shared the full montagu sandwich and the meditteranean chicken salad.  first taste of the sandwich and i wanted to order another one!!  Mmm...  you need to try it for yourself.. . it is a panini sandwich perfectly toasted.  freshly baked for your sandwich enjoyment.  one bite and you'll fall in love too.  seriously, if they had morelocations...subway, quizno's, etc would become endangered species.. . the meditteranean chicken salad was fresh and complimented the sandwich well.  all sandwiches and salads are $5.99 each. . . ...AND they are open 24/7!!. . if we didn't have to leave vegas sooo quickly to hit the road,  i would have ordered caribbean jerk chicken sandwich to go.  sooo sad that i didn't get the chance to eat it but we had to beat traffic back to CA.  . . Note: . food came out fairly quickly.  sandwich was warm and wrapped in foil.
I cannot go to Vegas and not have Earl of Sandwich atleast once.. this place is DAMN GOOD!!!!  I don't know what it is, but their sandwiches are fresh, hot and made to order as you like it.. from the first bite you will be in heaven!. . Toasted panini sandwiches to die for at a reasonable $5.99... BLT was bomb and so was the Tuna Melt!!! ANDDDD they are open 24/7 (inside Planet Hollywood). Perfect place to hit up after the bar/club!!. . Only thing I'm mad about is that they don't have any locations closer to me in California!
As of 4/25/11, there are over 800 reviews for this place and they all say the same thing, this place is good!!!  My fiancee said that the Montague was the best sandwich she's ever had.  I won't go on to say that much, although this sandwich was up there with other sandwich greats.  Earl of Sandwich certainly gets a spot in the pantheon of great sandwiches.  Here's why:. . Selection - This place has a massive selection of sandwiches.  Anyone ordering something here is bound to find one of their favorites.  From their savory Hawaiian,which includes ham and pineapple (tastes just like a Ham/Pineapple pizza on a sandwich to me) to their Jerk Chicken (for those who like it spicy), this place is sure to please.  They also offer a plethora of desserts.. . Service - The service is friendly for the most part.  We went to this location twice during our visit to Vegas.  The first time was better than the second.  During our second visit, the cashier decided to have a "fuck my life" moment and didn't really acknowledge us.  Other than that, the service is good, I'll take the second experience as a rare occurrence.. . Bread - This place isn't like other sandwich shops in the regard that you only get one type of bread, GOOD BREAD!!!  For what they restrict in selection in the bread department, they make up for by making the bread they have excellent.  I liken this bread to a brick, only because it is formed like one.  In fact, when you get the sandwich in it's distinctive wrapping, it looks exactly like a gold brick.   Don't worry the bread isn't hard like one, it's soft and buttery, yet has some crispiness to it.  . . Some sandwich shops gain their notoriety by having the "biggest sandwich" around or the "messiest sandwich around", Earl of Sandwich does neither.  The sandwich itself is actually smaller than what you'd expect, but the taste more than makes up for this.. . Do yourself a huge favor the next time you're in Vegas, hit up Earl of Sandwich!
food: wow, the earl of sandwich really hits the spot after a night out or a day in the sun!  really liked their original 1762 (yummy roast beef with amazing horseradish sauce) and the full montagu sandwiches.  the earl's club is good too.  the best part of the sandwich is their toasty yet moist bread.. . service: all the employees seemed sooooooo over it, but i guess i would be too if i had to deal with millions of tourists every day. . final thoughts: a must-try whenever you're in vegas
BEST SANDWICH PLACE... EVER!!!!!!!. . Seriously, if you're in vegas, and you haven't eaten here... TRY IT! you'll definitely fall in love... at least i did! This place is inside the Miracle Mile Shopping Center of Planet Hollywood! It's right across from the Sugar Factory. This place has earned the right to call itself the BEST SANDWICH SHOP IN THE WORLD!!! They're open 24 hrs. Each sandwich is only $5.99 and they're SOOOOO WORTH IT! . . Here's how it works:. You get in line, place your order. You'll receive a buzzing device that will notify you when your order is ready. You proceed along the line and pick up whatever else you want... like a potato salad, macaroni salad, cold slaw, chips, cookies, ice cream, etc. Then you get to the cashier, and pay for your order. You find a table and get your seat. Then your device will go off and you pick up your food. You come back to your table (if you're eating there... why not? cuz it'll be hot and fresh!) and divulge into a little piece of heaven. That's right! You will not be able to help yourself and will let out a small moan because it's that good! . . My fav is the Best BLT. For some reason, there's no sauce(i get it without mayo), no cheese or anything... but this place makes the sandwich JUICY! I dunno how that's possible! The Earl's Club is pretty good, too! That comes with turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, lettuce, roma tomatoes, and their special sandwich sauce. Let me just say, the tomatoes in this sandwich are sooooooooooo tasty. They're seasoned and super sweet! . . This place got everything right! Bread? Perfectly toasted! Meats? Nicely packed onto the sandwich! Lettuce and Tomatoes? Super fresh!. . NOW, I CRAVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!
This place is fantastic!  I worked at PH for four years and was there when Earl's opened their doors, and I have been a fan ever since!  Both breakfast and lunch, sandwiches and soups are great!  My fav is their holiday sandwich, which is only on the menu in Nov and Dec, but it's turkey, cheese, stuffing, grave, cranberry sauce... so YUMMY!  They are very reasonably priced as well!
Even if you don't particularly like sandwiches, you owe it to your future lineage to try this place.. . It's hard to put into words how good these sandwiches are.  I'll leave it like this:. . The 'Holiday' sandwich is the best tasting concoction to ever enter my mouth.  It's an entire thanksgiving dinner toasted between two buns.. . I shouted curse words in the dining room after the first bite, it was that good.  Not to mention the sides... the sides are delicious as well.  Try the potato salad, or the macaroni salad.  Yum.. . If the 'Holiday' is too intimidating for your rookie taste buds, give the Original a try.  You really can't go wrong.. . The only con is that it is located in the god-awful Planet Hollywood hotel, but don't let that dissuade you from having the best sandwich of your life.  You owe it to your future children.
Don't be afraid of the long lines, as they move fast! They have a very efficient system that allows customers to flow through the restaurant with ease.. . I've been here twice now and Earl of Sandwich has demonstrated consistency in terms of quality hot sandwiches and customer service. I've had the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu. The sandwiches are cut in half and when you pull them apart, a string of cheese follows--YUM! The club sandwich had turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, and some sort of sauce. The Montagu sandwich had swiss and cheddar cheese, turkey, roast beef, lettuce, tomatoes, and Earl's mustard sauce! Both sandwiches were made from fresh ingredients and both tasted great, but I enjoyed the Montagu sandwich better because I'm a fan of mustard! I also tried the vegetable medley soup and I'm not sure whether it was because I was hung over, but I swear it was the heartiest soup I've ever had. . . The staff is very friendly and although they don't act as waiters/waitresses, they were still accommodating from behind the counter. Prices are fair and I'll come back again when I'm looking for a quick bite in Vegas.
Their sandwiches are the best. But didn't feel like carbs so went for the salad and that was STILL delicious.. . It's cheap and YUMMY IN YOUR TUMMYS! I would go back just to eat the crispy toasted warm sandwich....Mmmmm.. . Great drunk food cause it's open all night! Definitely recommend to anyone for a quick lunch/dinner/breakfast/drunk food/whatever.. . You order and get your receipt/buzzer, then go to the right to pay for it.
Great place, Great food!
Inside Planet Hollywood casino.  I went inside sometime during the week and it there was no line, ordered the Full Montagu, nice crispy toasted bread over the roast beef/turkey, such goodness!! $5.99 decent price for the taste/value.
BEST HOT SANDWICH PLACE in the world. . . Wished they had this place in CA too =( ...Everytime I hit Vegas I have to go to this place. So convenient too, centrally located on the strip in Planet Hollywood and open 24hrs/day!
Sandwiches were so fresh!
Amazing! ^_^  . . I got three sandwiches:. 1. The Full Montgu: The marriage of roast beef & turkey was just divine - my favorite of the three. 2. Hawaiian BBQ: Kinda tasted like a pizza...which isn't a bad thing but it was not my favorite sandwich of the night. 3. Italian: a good hearty cold cut sandwich. . The chicken noodle soup was the perfect size for my palate and really hit the spot.  You just can't go wrong with chicken noodle soup...if ever there is a place that can mess that up, I will surely yelp about it. . . The line moved quickly; the staff was nice and the seating was spacious.  I can't wait to come back on my next trip to Vegas.  . . Happy happy happy...5 twinkling stars for Earl of Sandwich!
I love their food! their bread for the full montagu was amazing!
soooo good! this is the only place i want to eat when im in vegas. $5.99 hot sandwiches is a smokin deal. too bad there isn't a store inside wynn near xs. love the full montagu. crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. you can taste all the flavors of this neatly constructed sandwich. bring a friend to split a second sandwich cuz one won't be enough!
The Earl Club and Carribbean Jerk Chicken are amazing. $5.99 for the world's best sandwich, you can't go wrong here.
The sandwich lives up to the hype. If you like roast beef sandwiches then definitely go for "The Original". . Bread is perfectly toasted. Roast beef is tender and, well, beefy. Drench it in Grey Poupon and wash it down with the beer you've been carrying around with you since you left the casino.
We stayed at Planet Hollywood and I absolutely loved this place.  It was super convenient for us to grab a bite to eat! . . You have to try the Original and the Italian!!! yummmm
This place has some of my favorite sandwiches! I wish there was one of these near my house!. . Every time I'm in Vegas I always stop at Earl for lunch - I stick with the Earl's Club - but I've tried the full montague, the hawaiian bbq and several others and they're all delicious.  Oh, make sure you get the sauce on your sandwich, usually I never get sauce or spreads on my sandwiches because they're mostly loaded with fat but this sauce is awesome - it's the only place where I don't tell them to leave it off.. . I guess this place recently became popular, I've been stopping here for a few years and it was never all that busy.  I was there this weekend and all of a sudden there were huge lines.  Normally I hate standing in lines, but their sandwiches are so good that I thought it would be worth it..... . Bottom line - this is a great lunch spot in the middle of the strip and the sandwiches are all awesome.  Apparently you need to be ready to stand in line now though...
Oh Earl of Sandwich how delicious you are. Perfect if you're staying at Planet Hollywood. Best place to grab food after a looong night of clubbing since its 24 hours and is easy on the wallet. I would recommend the Montagu or the Club. The meat is good, and the bread is perfect.
YEAH BABY THIS IS WHAT I LIKE!. . Seriously good sandwiches, fairly priced.  We ate here four times when in Vegas.  Losers perhaps, but two could eat really well for the price of one breakfast buffet,  . . I miss this place.  Open one in Scotland please!
I ate here 3 times on my last Vegas trip and have to agree with many other reviewers, the Tuna Melt is to die for .It's open 24 hours so there's no excuse not to visit The Earl and check into sandwich heaven.
Great sandwich......bring your own water....two thumbs up....way up...!!!
AMAZING sandwiches :) They totally hit the spot because they are warm and toasty :) Very delicious. I wish they were a little bit bigger- they didn't fill me up though. I definitely could have eaten two of them, but still they were delicious :) Definitely a good, cheap, tasty sandwich spot. . . The caribbean jerk chicken is especially good and the caprese looked really tempting.
I couldn't understand how a sandwich was so hyped out of all things Las Vegas. Maybe it was the alcohol 5am munchies or exhaustion from the crazy night, but Earl of Sandwich did not disappoint. (The Bellagio brunch buffet did, though, just to give a comparison.) The line was not too bad compared to how it got 30 minutes after my group ordered. That put me in a real good mood since that's pretty much the only thing I lucked out during the entire trip):. . Looking at the brick of a sandwich, my first thought was, "I hope it's not greasy as it looks because I'm about to yak my guts out right now." And to my surprise, it was actually very light and exactly what I needed in the wee hours of the morning! The bread is amazing, and both the Caribbean Jerk and Hawaiian BBQ were great sandwiches. The sauces weren't overpowering and I didn't get a greasy residue all over my mouth that I usually end up with from panini-like toasted sandwiches. Next time, I wanna try the more "normal" sandwiches. I started to regret not getting the club sandwich (my fave) the next day just because I thought I can find great clubs anywhere :/. . It was here, though, these 2 creepers followed our group without saying a single word for the next hour inside Planet Hollywood, and that really freaked us out. Oh, Vegas boo.
Earl of Sandwich, I would walk the entire Strip just to get to you... and I have... multiple times. Cheap, quick, and delicious, Earl of Sandwich offers the best cure for late-night drunken hunger after clubbing.
This is by far, my FAVORITE SANDWICH place in the whole country (I think).  Too bad there are no locations near Orange County yet. But I think this chain originated from the original family where the word "Sandwich" gets its name...so, you know it has to be a good sandwich.  Every time I go to Vegas, I make at least one stop here.  I usually get their original and have them add tomato on it. The bread and roast beef are very good and tasty.  I have been going here for about 3 years now and never tire from the taste. If you want a light meal and are tired of the buffets, you should stop here when in LV. And this place is now 24 hours so that's a BIG plus for me!
I had to check out what everyone in Las Vegas was babbling about, and the babbles were 100 percent accurate!! I was expecting regular sandwiches, and in one of the previous reviews that I have read, these sandwiches were actually compared to Capriotti's!. . WHEN: It is open 24 hours so you have no excuse to not get up and try it!!. . WHERE: Located inside the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood, right across from the Sugar Factory.. . WHAT: Knowing this, I took my first bite into The Earl Club, and the first bite was all I needed to know that this was truly going to be one of my favorite sandwich joints. It hit the spot right away, haha! The flavors all intermingled inside of  artesian bread created a PARTY IN MY MOUTH! . . I couldn't get enough, so I came back the next day excited to try another sandwich! This time I tried the Tuna Melt. OMG, I felt like I tasted PARADISE! This is the best tuna melt I have ever tasted!! Beautifulness! Its simplicity was all that was needed to be the best on my list!. . Besides the sandwiches, I liked the Iced Tea Lemonade! It is something different, but different is good sometimes! =D. . My newfound goal is to try all of the sandwiches here!! LOL Another thing, incomparable to Capriotti's for sure SON!. . WHY: IF YOU HAVE NOT TRIED THE SANDWICHES HERE YET, YOU NEED TO TRY IT FOR YOURSELF INSTEAD OF READING MY FLUFFED UP REVIEW. LOL, THE FLUFF WAS SO NECESSARY!! ENJOY. =)
Oh Earl (of sandwich), how is it we have never met until now???. . Walked into PH and there was a long line for lunch. Wasn't discouraged though because the line moves pretty quickly.. . I ordered the EarlClub and my bf ordered the jerk chicken. The club was DELICIOUS! It is probably one of the best hot sandwiches I have ever had! The jerk chicken was also good, the flavors were more bold, but not as appetizing as the club in my opinion. The sandwiches are small for the price, but they are worth it!. . There's plenty of tables to eat, but when its busy, you might have trouble finding a table in the restaurant area itself, but you can always walk around the shopping center and find some place to eat.. . If you are in Vegas and need to grab a quick meal, grab a sandwich! You won't be disappointed!
Hands down the best sandwich I have ever had in my LIFE! I couldn't wait to get back home from Vegas to write this review. I stayed at the Monte Carlo and I was walking around with the group I was with. They wanted to do some shopping in Planet Hollywood and I was hungry, but didn't want to eat anything that I have back at home. I stumbled across this place and saw the different types of sandwiches they had. When I got up to the cashier, I asked him how big the sandwich was b/c 5.99 is a pretty good price for a sandwich. For someone that eats a lot, their 6 inch subs hit the spot. I got a tuna melt and have been hooked ever since. I saw a sign that they were 24 hours, so what did I do when I was hungry after a late night clubbing adventure? I made a Earl of Sandwich run...lol. I've only tried their Tuna Melt and can't say enough about the sandwich. Their oatmeal raisin cookies were pretty awesome too. I'm really upset that the nearest location to me is in Orlando, FL. They're in really random locations and I wish they built one here in Charlotte, NC. They would do well here and run Jersey Mikes/Quiznos/Jimmy Johns out of business. . . Earl of Sandwich for the win!!!!!!!!!
Earl of Sandwich, how I miss you already! I only left Vegas yesterday and already I need a fixing! Why dont you exist in New York?. . All I have to say is:. Carribean Jerk Sandwich: YUMMMMM!. Bacon Egg and Cheddar: YUMMMM!. Even the coffee [I am a VERY picky coffee drinker]: YUM, YUM, AND YUM!
EARL OF SANDWHICH. Looking for some cheap(er) foods in Las Vegas after spending it all on gambling, shows, and buffets? The Earl of Sandwich can help! Located in Planet Hollywood, it is one of the cheapest and best foods that Las Vegas can offer! The sandwiches are only $5.99, which is half the price of anything else found in the City of Sin! We had the:. . . The Earl's Club - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce (healthy and delicious). . . Caribbean Jerk Chicken - Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce (spicy with a pinch of sourness). . The sandwicheshere are one of the best I've ever had. Once you've had some here, it makes Togos, Subways, and Quiznos taste like secondary citizens. Great thing about this place: it's open 24 hours, so when you're up gambling the night away, have one on the Earl! The Earl knows sandwiches... he did create them, in the first place! The choices are numerous, but the taste? They all taste great!!! The crispiness of the bread and the meats is mouthwatering!
This may be my favorite sandwich place ever. I had the veggie hot sandwich and it was soooo good. And with the Mediterranean flair it had, definitely a nice change from regular veggie sandwiches. This location is open 24 hours a day, perfect for Vegas. At any point in time you can stop by for a cheap, filling, delicious sandwich. I'm going to Vegas next week, and I know for sure I'm stopping by at least once!
so yum! one of the best sandwiches I've ever tried!
De-Freaking-licious! As you can tell by the nearly 1000 reviews at 4.5 stars.. . I wish I could go back and have another sandwich right now, but for sure the next time I'm having the munchies after the clubs in Vegas, I will be going to Earl's because it's open 24 hours! woohoo! Kinda wish I had read the reviews on what to order first, but I just went with what I was feeling at the moment, which was something not too crazy salty/heavy and I stuck with the Earl Club. Loved it! Your basic club sandwich, but with a chipotle-y sauce and bread that's so soft, warm, yet slightly crunchy that it makes me want to cry. Their bread is amazing! I don't know how they do it, but it reminds me of Mendocino Farm's bread where it looks like the roof of your mouth is going to get some torture scraping against the tops of the bread (which I hate!!), but noooo....surprisingly it's super soft and good!. . I also ordered the tomato soup, which I think might have been perfect for sharing because after half a sandwich, finishing the soup wasn't that easy--especially since it's hearty, creamy, and has crunchy bread croutons in it. I'm not usually a tomato soup person, but this really hit the spot.. . Also thumbs up on the prices. Not gonna break your bank for being a major hot spot in Vegas. Love it!
Who wants to constantly spend $20+ on food in a city like Las Vegas? Thanks to this place you don't have to. You also bite into the most wonderful hot sandwich of your life. They live up to their slogan. Now I can buy another $10 chip to lose thanks to Earl. I don't even want to call these things sandwiches because it just doesn't do them justice. These aren't sandwiches. These are Earls. Get used to it. . . I started with the Hawaiian BBQ. If OMG was a taste, this would be it.. . Caribbean Jerk was intense.
No matter how long or where I am in Las Vegas I will walk/run/crawl/gallop to Earl of Sandwich. This place is the best for lunch in Vegas dont care who you are or how much cash is in your bank account.
I will never go to Vegas again without eating here at least once.  . . Got the Full Montagu and was seriously tempted to order another one.  My girlfriend got the Tuna Melt and I was also tempted to order one of those.  Definitely one of the best tuna melts I've ever tried.  Many tuna melts are too greasy, but this one was not greasy at all.  I considered skipping all the other restaurants I had planned to visit and just eat at Earl's for every meal.  My girlfriend doesn't eat a lot and got full about halfway through her sandwich, but she continued to eat anyway because it was so good.  And when a picky eater who doesn't eat much to begin with keeps eating even after getting full, you know the food has to be good!. . Earl's, PLEASE COME TO CALIFORNIA!!!
Full Montagu was sex in my mouth.
I am an avid sandwich lover - so I've had many a sandwich in my day! . On Friday night, when we were too lazy to wait in line for Marquee we headed over to PH for some Fat Tuesdays and Earls. . At Earls we got the: . . The Earl's Club - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce. . All American - Roasted Turkey, Buttermilk Ranch, Cranberries, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce & Roma Tomatoes. . Italian - Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato (Peppers Optional). . I also tried a bite of my friends' tuna sandwich and chicken salad - both DELICIOUS as well! . . ALL THREE WERE SO SO GOOD! Well the Italian was a little salty (but go figure) and I don't really like cranberries in my sandwiches. But I ate it anyways. The bread is absolute divine. And there's enough sauce ratio that the sandwich isn't dry but it isn't soggy either. . . Earl of Sandwich was so good that before we left we cabbed it to PH and got some for the road. I ordered The Earl's Club again. And I had it on Monday actually (the other half). Popped it into the microwave for 1 minute. Still as delicious as when it was freshly made. . . MUST TRY IN VEGAS! And plus, it's not too expensive either.
bomb.com
I hate rare meat. The whole thought of blood grosses me out like nobody's business. . . I ordered the Original (roast beef, chedder and creamy horseradish). When I opened it up, there it was: rare roast beef soaking the bread with its nasty blood juice...ewwwww! Are you effing kidding me?! . . I closed my eyes and devoured one of the most delicious sandwiches I have ever eaten in my life. They made a rare meat hater like me a fan with one delicious bite. . . This place warrants 5 stars for the mere fact that they are open 24 hours. . . Earl of Sandwich, I love you.
If you want a hot, steamy, and juicy sandwich this is the place to be.. . Me and a group of girls came here after a long night of dancing.  We were all quite hungry and this place is open 24 hours.  Sweet!  The line was a little long, but they're pretty quick with giving out the sandwiches.. . I really enjoyed the one I ordered.  The cranberries and the turkey basically melt in your mouth on The American Sandwich.  I usually don't like hot sandwiches, but this one definitely changed my perspective.  I forgot how good melted cheese can taste on a sandwich.. . I'd come back here again and again if I could.  Next time I'm in the city of sin, i'm going to indulge on a heavenly sandwich.
I had the original 1762.  I have never had a better sandwich... Ever
Where have you been all my life Earl?!. . This place was crackin' at 4:30 in the morning with all the drunkies fiending for the quick deliciousness.. . Seriously people...best.....sandwich.....ever.  We took a cab from the club to get here before we went back to our hotel on the other side of Vegas.. . Pasta salad, yum.  Macaroni salad, yum x5, turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce on crunchy toasted bread, in my stomach as fast as I could shove it down my throat.
Surprisingly of the best sandwiches I've eaten. The bread is the kicker. I ordered the Caribbean jerk chicken sandwich. Even though it barely resembled jerk chicken, I still really enjoyed it.
By far one of, if not the best sandwich I have ever had.  A buddy of mine actually had one sandwich a day for the 3 days we were in Vegas!. . I could tell this place was happening when I saw the long line but it moved quite quickly. I ended up ordering, "Italian - Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato." . .  When I ordered they sent me over to another cashier area to pay then they gave me a buzzer to let me know when my sandwich was ready.  I thought why no other sandwich place does this. It makes sense if you think of it since people get confused what the hell they order half the time.  My wait was about 5-10 minutes which was not bad.  After biting into my sandwich and all the juices oozing out, this was a perfectly toasted and tasting sandwich. All the meat and cheese were melted just right.. .  They need to have more locations, especially in Los Angeles. This might be the first place I go back to once I come back to Las Vegas.
Dear Earls,. Why oh why have you not opened a shop in orange county yet? This place is simply amazing. I spent four days in Vegas last week and I visited Earl's at least 5. Cometo think of it, I probably spent more time here than I did in my hotel room! Between my boyfriend and I we tried 7 of the 13 hot sandwiches they offer. They were all amazing but the best by far (in my opinion) was the "Hawaiin BBQ" and the "Caprese" sandwiches. Another reason this place rocks is because they are open 24 hours a day. Whether you coming to Earls to enjoy a nice lunch or you stumble upon this place in a drunken stupor, it will not disappoint. I will definitely be back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
Hands down the best Sandwich I have ever had in Las Vegas. The original was the best roast beef sandwich I have ever had especially with an extra creamy horseradish sauce. . . This place is teh perfect spot as it closes at 3AM. . . The Original 1762 - Freshly Roasted Beef, Cheddar Cheese & Creamy Horseradish Sauce. . . Enjoy
Great food and quick service. Best sandwich shop I've tried out here.
Love this place! Open 24 hours, on the strip, and cheap!! (5.99 gets you a good size sandwich, enough for one person or even to share with two).. . Don't let the long line scare you .. it can wrap around to the end of the restaurant towards the hallways of the shopping center, it moves pretty fast. You can even go up to the counter to grab their menu to look at while you're in line.. . From the reviews, i setteled on the Montagu and the boy settled on their cajun chicken. Very tasty. The bread was super delicious, enough crunch but soft as well. We also grabbed a berry parfait, overpriced for what it is so just stick the sandwiches.
The best sandwich I have ever eaten... in Vegas.  Even though it's the only sandwich I've ever eaten in Vegas, I'm sure it will reign as the best one there.  I ordered a hot turkey and bacon sandwich. Their sandwiches are a little on the small side but you can order 3 an it's still a whole lot cheaper than losing a hand of blackjack at the tables.. . I didn't know it was open 24 hours...  I hope someone opens one in the Bay Area.
omg i wish there was an Earl's across from my house.. the pastrami sandwich... A+++++++++++++. that's all i have to say.. delicious sandwiches at its finest.
We kept bumming around in our hotel room in Encore and couldn't decide where to eat; my gf wanted to go to Serendipity 3 but I wasn't too amused by the 3 star yelp rating.  So we decided to walk down to Planet Hollywood at 10:30pm toward Earl's which was open 24 hours but was like 7 hotels down (Encore-Wynn-Venetian-A bunch of ones I forgot/Flamingo/Imperial Palace) and finally got there, and we were like "this BETTER be good."  . The sandwiches were on the smaller side, but a decent amount, and we tried the Pot roast and the turkey.  They were toasted and fresh, and the turkey had fresh ingredients and a crisp flavor with tomato/lettuce/cheese and some tangy sauce.  I personally really liked the pot roast, which was very juicy and tender, while the juices did not sog up the crisp and chewy bread.  We discussed that it just takes some fresh ingredients, good bread, and good meat to make a good sandwich; Earl of Sandwich definitely got it right.   . . Being that this place is not all that pricey (if you were really hungry you could order 2 x $5.99 sandwiches for $12 total, which is cheap compared to some other places in Vegas).  The "Loaded Potato" soup is really good too, reminded us of creamy clam chowder with potatoes instead of clams.
This little sandwich place sits at the corner in Planet Hollywood, and that is probably the only thing bad about this place is that it is small and always packed. There is always a line when I pass through or go here. I ordered the Italian and some chicken soup. Damn! that soup was freaking good, I wanted more and more, it's not a huge bowl of soup but it will do considering it's Vegas, plus the prices at this place aren't that bad at all, I wish I had an Earl of Sanwiches at the Rio when I was there instead of the sports deli. The Italian is pretty good, my friend ordered the caribbean jerk, amazing! . . Definitely make a stop here next time your in Vegas, sandwiches are made quick and hot, it's not hard on the wallet and even if your balling out of control, you should still go here and grab a sandwich or a soup.. . Best sandwich place in Vegas fasho.
Super yummy! i crave their food, especially the day after drinking really hits thespot! There is normally a long line, but it moves somewhat fast, and its worth it! Delicious toasted sandwiches!! Good price especially considering its vegas. YUM!! Ive tried the caprese, the club, and full montague, all have been amazing!! Simply the best!!
+1 because I LOVE YOU VEGAS!!!! ;). . Whatever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas right? Everything but my review of this sandwich joint, of course! :). . I have tried the Caribbean sandwhich here out of recommendation, but it was a no-go for me. It probably along the lines of something too salty. BUT, alas!!!! My FAVORITE sandwich here of ALL TIME is the All American sandiwch!!! It consists of  Roasted Turkey, Buttermilk Ranch, Cranberries, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce & Roma Tomatoes. CRANBERRIES + TURKEY = LOVE!. . The buttermilk ranch tops everything off very nicely and completes this sandwich. Even better, it is only around $6! I love how fast the line goes, how quick they service you, and how fulfilling this is!!! . . PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!! Open one near me!!!!
24 hours, nothing bad on the menu, super cheap... I was in Vegas for three days and had four sandwiches. Oh, and they have HP sauce on every table. They know what's up.
MMM... I was so bummed that I didn't get a chance to try Earl's the first time I was in Vegas, so I made sure I tried it out this weekend.. . Don't let the long line fool you. Ordering is fast and sandwiches are made in a quick and efficient manner. I tried the Earl's Club and the Hawaiian BBQ and mmm... so warm and toasty! Perfect portion size and perfect amount of ingredients in each sandwich.. . Aww... now I wish I tried snagging a sandwich before my flight back home. :(
My first impression was (after hearing everyone and their moms rave about the sandwiches), "Really, a sandwich? How amazing can a sandwich really be?". . The answer is: it was AMAZING.. . A-ll the rave really exists for a reason. Located in Planet Hollywood, you could easily pass by this place not knowing its grand existence if you weren't aware of their famous sandwiches. But once you try it you might be so impressed you won't know how to react.. . M-eat meat meat. The roasted beef was a shocker to my mouth. How could something that looks so simple taste so smooth and delicious? Perfectly soft, perfectly chewy, and just enough flavor that only an Earl's can achieve.. . A-nd after all that I was thrown off by another memorable discovery. The bread. Warm, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, and the most perfectly toasted crust gently surrounding the outsides of my sandwich.. . Z-ero complaints.. . I-n Vegas, the party goes on...all night long. That's why they're open 24 hours for your eating pleasure.. . N-ext time I'm in Vegas, I am stocking up! Great to have on the roadtrip back home. Does anyone know how I can preserve these babies so I can have a stash of them to eat until my next trip to Vegas?. . G-oogle image "Earl of Sandwich" and you will see a man named Earl Montagu who apparently "invented" the sandwich. Fun fact, the 11th Earl of Sandwich still operates this empire!. . The lasting impression? "First thing to eat when I go to Vegas, last thing to eat before I leave Vegas."
THE HYPE IS TRUE.. . Take it from me, a girl who doesn't give a sh*t about sandwiches or burgers (they are good don't get me wrong but I could care less for them) Earl of Sandwich has really turned my world upside down and inside out with their hot sandwiches.. . We had seconds, thirds, and ordered some to go...that's how amazing they were. Caribbean Jerk Chicken and the All American. Go for it! You won't be disappointed, in fact you'll wonder why you lived your life without ever knowing such good food could exist.. . I will truly die from happiness if SOMEHOW an Earl of Sandwich were to open somewhere in Northern California... preferably SF...AHEM hahaha but anyway, I vow to always come here every trip I make to Vegas...for the rest of my life.. . Might I also add they are open 24hrs here? F*CK I regret not coming here every damn day of my trip!. . Thank you Earl of Sandwich for an amazing food experience!
It's not that the Earl of Sandwich makes the best food on the Strip -- far from it.  Of course, the freshly par-baked bread is super hot and soft, and the fillings are generous and deliciously melted together in a fashion that will delight drunken and sober tastebuds alike.  However, the Earl of Sandwich deserves five stars for the fact that it is a cheap, fast, and delicious place to grab a bite at any time of the day.  Las Vegas seems to suffer from an excess of medium expensive restaurants that boast fancy-pants menus that aren't anything special, and this restaurant is just a refreshing, tasty alternative to that.  . . This place looks like a fast food type chain (in fact, after examining their website I see that they are an international chain, and they most definitely need to open a shop in Los Angeles), but don't be fooled by the ultra-reasonable menu and the assembly line of workers: these sandwiches are def the real deal.  When I came here, I split a ham and cheese and an original roast beef with my friends: both sandwiches were excellent, with a nice tanginess from the mustard on the ham and cheese, and a very mild kick from the horseradish sauce on the roast beef.  The sandwiches were a nice size, although the boys in our group wanted two each for dinner.  At a little over $5 a pop, though, you'll still have plenty left in your pockets for the slot machine.  It's also open late at night -- a perfect post-club snack spot!
I've been going to Earl's since it first opened.  This is my go to spot in Vegas.  Their sandwiches are so cheap and their bread is amazing.  I could eat here for days.  If only there was an earl's in California.. . My faves are cannon ball. and tuna melt.  their tomato bisque soup is good too!. . This place is soo good, that my friends spotted Lebron James and Chris Paul eating here!!
Everyone has a love at Earl's mine is tuna melt. Go find yours..
Finally got to try Earl of Sandwich after hearing so many good things about it! Let me just say, it definitely lives up to its hype.. . I've only been here once, but that's all it took. Their sandwiches are definitely delicious! I ordered The Original 1762 (roast beef, cheese, and horseradish sauce) and it was amazing. My sister tried their Veggie sandwich and she seemed to really like it. My mom tried the All American, but she said the cranberries in it made it too sweet, they put too much in the sandwich, and just ruined it for her. My dad had the Full Montague and he said it was pretty good. I think what makes their sandwiches so good though, is their BREAD. It's super fresh! Another plus is that they're open 24 hours, so it's perfect for all the late night munchies. My sister told me the last time she went to Vegas, Earl of Sandwich was all she and her friends ate!. . You MUST try this place when you go to Vegas! Thank you, Planet Hollywood :)
Being a fan of Disney World, I frequent Disney message boards, and always heard chatter about the Downtown Disney location. Little did I know that this was a chain and they had one in Las Vegas, so I knew I had to try it out.. . And I am so happy that I did. Such a seemingly simple little sandwich but it is packed with flavor. I went here three times on my three day trip to Vegas. Each time I got the Original 1762 and each time it was delicious. The sandwiches are a bit on the small side (for a big boy like me) but still mouthwateringly good. The beef on the sandwich was delicious, the horseradish sauce was the perfect accompaniment and the bread was soft, warm and delicious.  I really want to go back there now.
bonus... located right across from Sugars.  :D. . we came per suggestion of Michelle E.  and actually went with her on her second trip.. [in one day] to have a light dinner after swimming at the planet hollywood hotel.   The menu is big.. with LOTS to offer.  Things may seem ordinary, but trust me.. the bread makes all the difference.  They have a soup menu, a hot sandwich menu, wraps and salads... and of course desserts!  . . you order your sandwich, wrap or salad.. they give you a buzzer and a receipt... you walk down the line of neatly arranged extras of potato salads, macaroni salads... fruit cups, brownies, chips... ICE CREAM SANDWICHES!  it's pretty overwhelming ... in a good way!!. . i had the full montague: Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce...  the roast beef is fresh, the consistency is perfect.. the bread is amazing.   I also had the broccoli cheddar soup and it's seriously one of the best broc cheddar's i've ever had.  Michelle E.  also bough a cup of brownie bites that topped off my meal... i didn't even have to visit sugars after wards.  :P. . this sandwich shop definitely makes the top 5 list of sandwich shops i've ever been too.. you'll be seeing me again Earl of Sandwich.. I PROMISE!
Stopped by twice on my latest trip to Vegas.  Still as good as ever!
Earl of Sandwich is SOOOO good AND it's open 24 hours! I had the earl's club and my boyfriend had the all american and we shared.  Both were really good but there was nothing too special about the club.  It's delicious, but it's just another club sandwich, whereas the all american had it's own twist.  Thecranberry sauce added so much flavor to it all.  It can come off as a little sweet to some people, but I really enjoyed it.  I thought it was weird at first because I've never had cranberry sauce in a sandwich but it turned out to be amazing, especially with the dijon mustard they have, too.  Earl of Sandwich is a MUST when you're in vegas!!!! Definitely recommend it to all
I love these sandwiches.  Too bad it's so far away from where I usually stay.  If you don't mind taking a cab, if you're staying in the north end, you should go here.  I recommend you eat one sandwich there while it's warm, then pick up a few sandwiches to bring back to your room too.  I'm sure it'll be a good eat when you're buzzed or drunk.. . I ordered the All-American sandwich, which is basically turkey and cranberry sauce.  It was probably one of the top 3 sandwiches I've ever eaten and I eat a lot of sandwiches.  I'm not sure what I liked most about the sandwich, most likely it was the warm bread.  You could tell they used quality ingredients for the whole sandwich, so it could have been that too.. . I only have two regrets about my experience; only going there once on my 4 days in LV and not ordering the turkey and bacon, because I was trying to eat a little healthier.  Damn you fit people at the pool making me self conscious about my belly!!!
I finally tried this place out for myself while in Vegas last weekend. After several friends raving and bragging about this place, I told myself I definitely have to see how good a sandwich can be. Hands down the best sandwich place I have ever beento. The Carribbean Chicken Jerk, Hawaiian, and Earl's Club Meat hot panini sandwiches were all freaking delicious.. . The panini bread was warm, crispy, and perfect with every bite of cheese, meat, and vegetable. Each sandwich had its own sauce and the sauce was not overpowering the meat itself. After eating our sandwiches, we had to order some to go just incase our drunken early morning grub arrives.. . I love this place!! My must go to place in Vegas!!
oh ALL of their sammiches were freakin fantastic.. . planet hollywood is worth the visit because of this place.. . i hope they know this.. . I think this place is even better than Jimmy Johns... . . I am salivating as I am thinking about the sandwiches. yum.
Go here now. If there is a debate, then give your friend a little slap to wake him/her up and tell them to trust you. Earl of Sandwich is pure deliciousness.  There is going to be a sandwich for anyone's personal taste that will definitely impress.  It is open 24 hours a day and is cheap.  . . As far as my favorite sandwiches, it is a tough debate between the Full Montagu, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, the Club, and the Cannonballs sandwich.  I guess the only downside can be the lines at 3 in the morning but they really do their best to make it as speedy as possible.
It's soo good here! I tried their Original, Montagu, Earl's Club, and their BLT sandwiches!! I always come here when I'm in town!
WOW! No kidding this place is good. Not only was our breakfast sandwich was yummy, which I'm not a breakfast person, I ate the whole bacon, cheese and egg sandwich. What I liked the most was the COFFEE!!!. Dam good coffee, since The Cosmopolitan screwed me this morning not having any coffee filters in our room. Also, ordered a chicken, ceasar wrap for later and it was big enough for two. Will come back again next time I'm in Vegas!
every vegas trip i always make sure to grab a sandwich and their tomato soup!!. . BOMB...
This place is one of the hi-lights of everyone in my group's trip. The food is just amazing and the prices are even better. It's very easy to find, if you're outside and see pinks enter that way and its to the left. The line was very short most of the time we went. The ice tea sucks, strong tea bag flavor with no sweeteners. The cream filled brownie sandwich is HEAVEN. WOW is it good. This is a must try for $2.50? Anyway, you can count on good food at 3 am when your feet are aching and you need something to curb the growling of your alcohol filled stomach. Or before the alcohol.
Earl of Sandwich, your sandwiches are like golden bricks of deliciousness.  We drunkenly ventured to Planet Hollywood at 4am and got a tuna melt and full montagu.  They were so good, we made a return the next afternoon and tried the caprese - yummmmo!  The bread at Earl of Sandwich is nicely toasted yet still retains a light and fluffy consistency.  They need to be franchised in socal quick.  I could really go for an Earl's sandwich right about now.
I am not really sure why this place was so damn good! It must be their warm toasted sandwiches which has the perfect meat to bread ratio. All the hype is true. VERY TRUE! You really must stop here at least once in Vegas for some lunch. Ample seating, delicious sandwiches, and ample time to slightly sober up to make more room for more drinking. . . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE SALADS.
Wow... Just had two amazing sandwiches!. . Full montagu and caribbean jerk chicken are both delicious sandwiches.  The bread is nice and soft.  Best sandwiches I ever had.  . . There was a line during lunch time, but it goes pretty quick.  No trouble finding a table either.
YOUR TRIP TO VEGAS IS NOT COMPLETE WITHOUT A SANDWICH FROM THIS SPOT!. . Anyone who says otherwise either has terrible taste in food or ordered the wrong sandwich!. . A lot of people would say that the buffets are what you need to hit up to satisfy them taste buds.  But nothing compares to the delicious, melt in your mouth, explosion of flavor you get from these sandwiches.. . I went to Vegas for a week and didn't discover this spot until my second day.  As soon as I bit into my first sandwich, I said F**K THE BUFFETS, Earl's is where it's at!. . The fact that this place is open 24 hours makes it even BETTER.  Nothings more satisfying than having one of these babies at 4 am when you're tired and drunk off your ass!  . . My friends and I stayed at Planet Hollywood, so access to the sandwiches was as convenient as can be.  Not that convenience is a factor when it comes to these sandwiches.  I would walk the WHOLE strip if I had to, just to get one in my stomach!  . . I tried EVERY SINGLE sandwich they had at least once, and the ones I recommend are: The Original, The Earl's Club, The Full Montagu, and my favorite, THE ALL AMERICAN!!!  . . The All American had to be one of the best sandwiches I've had in my life. Roasted turkey, buttermilk ranch, cranberries, sharp cheddar cheese, lettuce & Roma tomatoes.  The way all the flavors mix together when you take a bite is HEAVEN.  It's like your whole Thanksgiving dinner in one bite!  . . The bread they use is a perfect blend of crispy-toasty-fluffyness that melts in your mouth!  It Doesn't cut the roof of your mouth like other toasted sandwiches I've had, and that's a BIG factor towards enjoying a toasted sandwich!. . If you want to learn more, peep this link for a description of each sandwich.  But for MAXIMUM satisfaction, try the ones I suggested!. . http://www.earlofsandwichusa.com/food/sandwich/. . . Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, Late Dinner, and Drunk Super Late Dinner/Super Early Breakfast are the best times to have one of these sandwiches!. . My friends and I even bought some for the road trip home!  Good thing there isn't one in SoCal, cause I'd go broke eating at this place!. . SUBWAY WILL NEVER BE THE SAME TO ME.. . . P.S.. . Request for a side of ranch, cause as it is with all foods, the fattier the better!!!
Located inside Planet Hollywood, the hype around this sandwich place got me curious in trying their hot sandwiches. I have to say that the hype is real and this place is amazing!. . These hot sandwiches are some of the best that I've had. The lines go by quick as well, you first get a receipt then pay at the cashier at the end. So far I had the Hawaiian BBQ + Full Montagu and both were great solid choices. I'm really excited to try the other sandwiches when I get a chance.
You can't beat this place or a semi-quick bite. My reasoning:. 1. It's freakin' delicioso. 2. $6 per sandwich can't be beat. 3. It's across the street and a quick walk from the Cosmopolitan/Marquee. 4. There's a Wheel of Fortune machine that always pays at Planet Hollywood :). . I've tried the tuna, Hawaiian and cannonball (meatball). They were all amazing. The cannonball is my favorite. My friends tried the soups and said they were great too. We went back a few times in the same weekend.
This place is the shenanigans... . Love this place, it's worth the money, DELICIOUS, and can't wrong with spending under $10 with unlimited fountain drinks.. . Went here on my bday to make a pit stop before heading out to the hangover 2 vegas premier and damn i'm glad i got to taste the magic..(no dun in tended) BLT does justice and i know there are more sandwhichs to try but i'm a suck for that ba-CONE, Le-TUCE, Toe-MA-TOE sammich.... . =]
Don't run away from the line. The wait is actually very short.. . The sandwiches are incredibly fresh and toasty. They're so good that my boyfriend made a second trip during our stay. The Original and the Hawaiian were my favorites. Don't let the small size fool you. After a long night of racing around the Strip, half a sandwich will probably be all you can handle. The prices are ridiculously worth it and drinks are refillable. This is a place worth visiting every time you come to Vegas.
Damn i've waited forever to come here. Since i arrived in Vegas, i didnt even have a chance to come here until my last day on the strip. The line was huge, but it moves faster than any other line i've seen at a fast food place let alone a sandwich place.. . this place is always crowded around the clock and for those prices for a delicious sandwich, this place is legit. . . i had the hawaiian, with no pineapple (yeah i must be crazy right?) and it still hit the spot. come to think of it, i should've gotten the pineapple! also got the full montague and that was ON POINT! i wasn't even drunk and it was awesome, imagine if i was! . . the service is fast, iced tea was great, and people were nice too. i wish they had more seating now, but i can understand how hard it'd be to have the place clean. thanks earl, you're like a god now
Over 1,000 reviews for a franchised sandwich shop with a rating of 4 &  1/2 stars......Wow! . . I'd heard the chatter about the great sandwiches here, so I immediately bookmarked it and knew I'd have to try this place for lunch. Located inside Planet Hollywood's shopping mall, I wasn't surprised to see a long line, but it moved quickly. The first thing I notice was the prepacked sandwich rolls stacked up in the prep area. I guess the key to a good sandwich isn't fresh bread because my toasted sandwich was damn good! I had "The Earls Club" which consisted of turkey, smoked bacon, Swiss cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. For $5.99 it's not a bad price in Vegas! I grabbed a small side of potato salad and a brownie cream sandwich for dessert. The potato salad was good, but nothing amazing. The Brownie sandwich ($2.49) will add an inch to your waist just looking at it. It was good if you like sinfully rich desserts, but I'd recommend splitting it with a few people. . . It's hard to rate a sandwich franchise. Do I compare it to other sandwich franchises or an independent big city deli? I'm undecided between 4 & 5 stars, so I'll be nice and give'em a 5.
So good, I came here twice while in Vegas!. . Brief Summary. -- Delicious hot sandwiches. -- Open 24 hours. -- Almost always BUSY. -- Free samples if you're in the long line. -- Great poatoe salad. . This place is cheap and easy just like Las Vegas! Well maybe its cheaper.... . Basically you get in the long line and you get processed decently quick, depending on how many employees are there, etc.. . I think I got "Earl's Club" or maybe it was "Club of Earl"? Not sure.. It was turkey, bacon, subbed cheddar instead of swiss, lettuce, subbed onions instead of tomatoe on their bread roll with "sandwich sauce.". . It was hot, fresh and delicious. . . I also got the poatoe salad, which was amazing and it was only $1.79!!. They have a lot of different sides, drinks, desserts and options.. I wish I would have tried something else but the Club was awesome both times.. . My GF got the Full Montagu (sp?) both times and I tasted it, it was good. The 2nd time, the mustard was a little overbearing but it blended well with the roast beef.. . If you're a baller on a budget or you just want a good, cheap sandwich, come on over to Miracle Mile Shops for Earl of Sandwich!
I'm not a big sandwich fan, but my friends wanted to eat here so I gave it a shot (being super hungry helped too).. . We ordered the Earl's Club and were told that the wait would be about 40 minutes long. We were able to find seats and before we knew it our sandwiches were ready. The bread was toasty to perfection, the ratio between meat and veggies was perfect and their sauce and cheese complimented the sandwich very well. I tried using the mustard they provided, but I realized after a few horrible bites that their mustard really overpowers the taste of the sandwich. I opted to eat my 2nd half of the Earl's Club plain and it was muuchhh yummier left alone.. . . The second day I was starving again so I ran over to Earl's to grab a sandwich again. This time we ordered the Full Montagu and it was definitely a great sandwich. Unlike the Earl's Club which was a bit salty, the Full Montagu was much more balanced in terms of flavoring and it was seriously a great delight. I'd definitely recommend getting the Full Montagu and dripping on some of the Tabasco sauce they have at the tables. I'm literally drooling as I write this review thinking about these sandwiches.. . . Overall, Earl's was definitely worth the visits and at 5.99 per sandwich, you can't really go wrong. The service is pretty fast considering how many people there are waiting for food. This place is how ALL sandwiches should taste! Swing by if you're around the area by Planet Hollywood!!!
Two nights and two trips to the Earl.. . Tried the Original, Club, Meatball (Cannonball), Tuna Melt, and the Full Montagu and liked them all. It's a trend I don't expect to change. They were all great in their own way, so it's more a matter of preference. Whether at the beginning of the night, at the end of the night, or during the night, it's worth the wait (the line is usually pretty long).. . Open 24 hours, busy 24 hours, damn good 24 hours.. . P.S. Also tried some cookies, chips, and parfaits, but no doubt the sandwich is star...hence the name of the restaurant. . . "World's greatest hot sandwich." I believe it so far.... . Go Dodgers.
After driving for 10 hours to Las Vegas, this was our first stop.  Need I say more on how excited I was to go here?  . . We got in around 10 pm on a Friday night and boy was it traffic, but we maneuvered our way through all that and parked at the Miracle Mile parking lot.  My brother and I circled our way through the mall and landed smack dab at the Earl of Sandwich.  I had already done some research and looked through the other yelp reviews since there's like over a thousand already.. We ordered: the full montague, the all-american, the caribbean jerk chicken, the tuna melt, and broccoli and cheese soup.  I'd have to say I liked the tuna melt and the all-american the best.  . . Best things about this place:. *open 24 hours. *the bread on the sandwiches. *the cool golden wrappers . *again it's open 24 hours - I love it!. * The price isn't too bad either: $6-7 per sandwich.. . Definitely have to go back here when I go back to Vegas.
really good spot.. only got 5 * cuz its open 24.. and i get to use my diamond card to cut to the front of the line!!
Another 5 star review for this sandwich spot?! I guess so.. . When we got to Earl of Sandwich, the worst possible thing that could have happened, did. Their system was down for 45 mins - 1 hour. Which means no sandwiches for 45 mins - 1 hour. We kinda just stood around Earl's hoping a miracle would happen & their system would magically start working again. Wrong. Even Planet Hollywood workers stood in line behind us thinking everything was fine until we said "Their system is down for 45 mins - 1 hour. Do you know of any other good food places we could eat at?" Their response. "No way! Earl's is the only place we come for food." We didn't eat the whole day because we wanted to try the sandwiches, so we were pretty much starving. We couldn't wait, so we just ate at another local food spot for a quick fix.. . The next day, we were able to finally try Earl's. The line was huge. I mean, for a sandwich? Is this line really necessary? YES. I can't really describe the feeling of this sandwich as it hit my taste buds. It was like a party in my mouth. I must say, the anticipation for this sandwich made it that much better. Something about the bread completes this sandwich. I got the All American, & also tried the Caribbean Jerk, Tuna Melt, & Original. They were all very delicious. For all you vegetarians out there, you NEED to try the Tuna Melt. Also, their prices can't be beat! $5.99 for any hot sandwich.. . I was in Vegas for 4 days, so trying out all the local top notch food spots was a must. Since 4 days is not that long, you wouldn't think of going to the same food spot twice during your stay right? Uhm, sure.. Okay. ;)
This place is open 24 hours! It's located inside the Planet Hollywood hotel. I've been here a few times and usually come here with friends when looking for some good food!. . I ordered the "hawaiian bbq chicken" sandwich. Really good! Great balance between sweet and spicy. The bread that they use is crusty/crunchy on the edges and soft when you bite into the sandwich.. . There isn't much places to sit down, especially when it's crowded and the line can get long, but it's WORTH IT! I'd rather eat sandwiches here, then drop $$$ on a restaurant!
Can't say enough about this place...it's a must when you are in vegas!  I had the original sandwich and the full montagu, and they were both satisfying and delicious.  Hands down one of the best sandwiches I have ever had.. . The bread is totally different from what I have had before, and it's filling.  Be prepared for long lines, but the great thing is that it is 24 hours, and you can go after a hard-nights worth of partying.. . Each sandwich is filled with a good amount of meat and other filings, and you get your money's worth (around $6 per sandwich).  Head over to Fat Tuesday's before and get a drink, and there's your full vegas experience right there.
We need one of these places in LA. Way better than a Subway (not that I'm hating on Subway, I love em too!) but not too expensive! Fresh loaves made daily to go with your filler meats and deli selections. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their mediterranean chicken salad. I got them twice in a row in two days. Say what??? Yes, I did. . . Open 24 hours and its right in between the casino and shopping entrance/exit.  Yum!
Wow.  A really really good sandwich in the LEAST place you'd expect it.  NEXT TO A CASINO.  And surprisingly affordable.  Don't think of this place as a budget eat.  Its a really really good sandwich.  But you can save some money by hitting this place up a few times if you don't feel like a full blown buffet meal.. . I was told this was going to be an amazing sandwich.  I'm always cautious about my hype before eating at a new place.  But this place delivered and then some.  If you've found this place on yelp mobile and you're trying to decide where to eat.  Just eat here, and thank me later.  You'll only be out $10 if you hate it...
Love this place! Their sandwiches are phenomenal, can't go wrong with any of them. The bread they use is simply the best! My go-to's is the earl's club and full montagu. Great any time of the day,  and it helps that it's open 24 hrs so a great place to go after a long night of clubbing!!
I was going to originally going to give Earl of Sandwich four stars because my clothes were still on when I left, but there is not a bad thing to be said about this place. The sandwiches were decent enough size to give you a comfortable "full" feel after a sandwich and a half. The bread was tasty and the meat tasted fresh. . . My girlfriend and I were feeling ballsy, so we ended up sharing three sandwiches: All-American, Full Montagu, and Caribbean Jerk Chicken.. . The All-American was definitely on the top of the list with its fresh taste and sweetness added on by cranberries. This place just seems to have everything in order.. . Would definitely go back for a lunch, maybe not so much a dinner, but this place is open 24/7.
ever notice how getting drunk make shitty fast food taste so delicious?. . regardless, Earl's of Sandwiches tastes delicious whether you're intoxicated or not. after drinking all day at Marquee Dayclub and getting my ears seduced by Avicii, my stomach wanted in on some of the party!. . came over to Earls and ordered THE ORIGINAL and THE FULL MONTAGUE. the cheesy, toasted, deliciousness of both sandwiches slapped my ass into major kanak attacks andmy entire body was contempt. slightly buzzing from the free cocktails at the cosmopolitan, toasted crispy after being in the pool and vegas sun all day, and now full after beasting on two of earl's baddest sandwiches. order both, finish both, thank me later. trust.. . if you don't know, now you know...
Best affordable food in Vegas! I tried the Montague and the Caribbean Chicken Jerk. The Montague was a 4/5 and the Jerk was a 5/5. This is a MUST STOP for every complete Vegas trip.
Pros:. - Open 24 hours.. - Cheaper than other foods at Vegas.. - Open 24 hours.. - Delicious. . Cons:. - Lines can be long (because they are open 24 hours) but they move fairly quickly.. . I would say this is a MUST VISIT for all Vegas go-ers. It is the perfect remedy for hunger, drunken munchies, or Vegas on a budget.
Earl freaking sandwich you can't come to Vegas and leave without trying these bomb@ss sandwiches. Lines can get really long here so if you can still stand straight after a heavy night of dancing and drinking then you in for a treat. . . I've only order the Montague Sandwich Consists:. Two kinds of meat: Roasted Beef and Turkey. Two kinds of Cheese: Swiss and Cheddar Cheese,. Top off with  Lettuce/Roma tomatoes and earl's mustard. . . The bread is crispy on the outside soft and moist in the inside. I ate half before the club and came back after it and it still tasted the same. Now that's a incredible sandwich. I've heard the Tuna and Caribbean Jerk is also good, next time in Vegas I shall order them both and try it!. . Oh and tips to the fellas if your night didn't go as well in the clubs meeting women, there are many of them from various clubs here standing or eating around Earl's. Time to redeem yourself fellas.
A must visit. I can't believe this place is open 24 hours. Insane.. . Highly recommend the tuna melt, earl's club, and full montague.. . Perfect portions to satisfy anyone whether you're sober or not.
I'm 5'2". . . I weigh 106 lbs.. . I have a very small stomach.. . But for some reason when I go to Earl of Sandwich, I feel like a 7'2", 300 lb. man who hasn't eaten for 3 days. I came here with a few friends on our last night in Vegas and decided that I needed not one, not two, but THREE sandwiches. . . The tuna melt is a MUST MUST MUST. . The veggie is awesome if you're vegetarian. . The Caribbean Jerk has a nice kick from banana peppers.. AND.. they have hot tea. . . YES.
I was in las Vegas last week and had checked this place out on Yelp, I had to try, I had a Montagu, it was very good. Best sandwiches for the price. If you have an opportunity to eat at this place, try it.
Las Vegas is a huge city filled with overpriced restaurants and hyper inflated alcohol prices. The one true gem for a great meal at a cheap price (not those $1.99 Steak/Egg deals) is The Grand Lux Cafe tucked away in the Venetian hotel. If you happen to be on the southside of the The Strip I have a new 24 hour dine spot inside the ph. . . I went through an Earl's Club and a Cannonballs! sandwich during this trip in Vegas. If your on a budget this is your stop on the south Strip OR if you just want a great deal on some amazing food. Two people can dine for less than $20 but the line during peak "dining" hours can get a little outrageous so try to target some off peak visiting. . . This is the most western location of the chain sandwich shop with most locations located in Texas or Florida. They really nail the hot sandwich and go far above/beyond a Subway type bite. Just inside the doors of Planet Hollywood Casino/Miracle Mile Shops (if your in the casino head to the southern most facing part of the casino (away from Paris and towards the MGM) and you will find this place and be delighted. . . The Strip is full of gimmicks and garbage which we all know but this place puts the crappy buffets to shame with a cheap price and fulfilling meal.
I know, I'm just adding to the thousands of praises for Earl's, but it deserves it.  I always make it a point to eat here at least once every time I come to Vegas.  Sometimes it gets kinda crazy during the day time, and there ends up being a pretty long line with a 20+ minute wait.  I've never heard of a wait that long for sandwiches before place, but it's totally worth it.. . I usually get a full meal and order a soup, sandwich and drink. The price is pretty reasonable as well, seeing as how it's on the Strip.. . I love their Tomato Bisque, and the Cannonballs! (Meatball) Sandwich.  They are both glorious in their own ways.   The ingredients they use in the sandwich are quality, and don't taste cheap at all.  The cheese is always melted perfectly and does that gooey stringy thing when you bite into the sandwich.. . Most of the time I buy another Cannonballs! to eat later after my night out on the town. It does make for a good snack after drinking a whole bunch.
AMAZING SANDWICHES. AMAZING. These are some of the best sandwiches I have ever had! My favorite is the Cannonball- I'm a sucker for a good meatball sandwich and these guys totally deliver!!! The bread they use is wonderful! They also make a fantastically delicious Chicken Noodle soup- homestyle and everything is perfectly cooked- carrots aren't too hard or mushy, chicken is tender, the noodles are not soggy! Only thing I haven't liked there was their Hawaiian sandwich, but maybe that was just a matter of preference.  Definitely a must-stop food place when I'm in Vegas- last Vegas trip, which was a 3 day trip, I ate there 5 times...addicted! Cannot get enough of their food!!!!!
Outstanding sandwich, everytime, period.  Best value for food in Vegas.  It is hard to explain in words just how fantastic these sanwiches are.  At first look, you might think it is just another Quiznos analog, or taste like any other toasted sub.  Quite the contrary.   They make all of their own bread, but unlike Subway who bakes their bread fresh,.. Earl of sandwich only bakes their bread partially.  The partially baked loaves are set aside, and wait for you to order.  Then the sandwich is assembled with high end, fresh and flavorful ingredients and sauces, and put through the chain oven.  It is at this time that the loaf of bread is fully, and freshly baked.  This leaves you with a perfectly light and fluffy, fresh baked bread that just can't be beat.  Its like bread straight out of the oven at home, and the corner stone of this amazing sandwich.  .   Having lived in vegas for several years as well as making frequent trips back, we have eaten just about everywhere.  Yes, you can get steak and eggs at midnight for 2.99,.. yes you can go to amazing all you can eat buffets,.. but if you want some serious gourmet flavor for around 5 bucks a person, this place can't be beat.   .    Between myself, my wife, and freinds and family we have brought here,.. we have collectively tried just about every sandwich on the menu.  The general consensus is, " this is the best sandwich I have ever eaten".  .   The portion is just about right.  Nothing is included, so if you want chips, drink or dessert, you may grab them on the way to check out.   They have a nice variety of fresh fruit, salad, chips and cookies.  Then the standard soda fountain, self serve..    It is now open 24 hours, and though we have tried to beat the crowds by coming in late, there always seems to be a bunch of people eating there.  They do now have vibrating coaster pagers now.  This is nice, because you can find a spot to sit and wait it out.  Turn around of your order depends on how crowded it is, but as a general timeframe say, 5 minutes in line, order, then maybe 5-6 minutes until the order is up..    I have never had a bad experience here. They haven't messed up an order, and I have yet to receive a sandwich that was anything short of amazing.  Good job guys!
What is the best remedy for cheap, quick, hangover food smack dab in the middle of the strip...wait for it EARL OF SANDWICH.  Partying too much and staying right across the street at the Cosmo? a simple walk over the Las Vegas Blvd bridge and whap pam! Earl of Sandwich..."in you' face! in you' face" Hangover baby!. . Get the Caribbean Jerk Chicken...Seriously winner winner chicken dinner.  Not too much not to little, settling the stomach is quite the tickle.  Best part about it...Open 24 hours to suit your sin city needs.
What a deal after sitting at the tables giving your money to the casinos.  Earl of Sandwich has really good sandwiches at very affordable prices and IT'S OPEN 24 HOURS!!  The line may be long, but they're pretty efficient so be patient and wait it out.  You'll be happy you did.
Great place located in the Miracle Mile Mall in Planet Hollywood Casino across from one of the Sugar Factory stores. Long line that goes really fast, and def worth the wait. Amazing sandwiches toasted in a toaster oveny thingy that come out nice and warm and melty. Cheap too! Had more than enough $$ left over for gelato across the hall at Sugar Factory! Def would recommend and revisit whenever I am in town!
Earl of Sandwich! You are truly the best hot sandwich ever!  Why are you so far away from me? WHHHHYYYYY!?!!?
For most people, a "must go" list in Vegas probably includes some mix of casinos, entertainment, nightlife, and fine dining.  A regular Vegas visitor in recent years from LA before moving to LV this summer, Earl of Sandwich worked it's way onto my weekend list... every weekend... if not every day of every weekend.  There are few low price ($6)/high quality food options on the Strip, which makes the Earl stand out even more.. . In spite of having eaten here probably ~75 times over the past few years, it has been hard for me to try different items.  Here are my top picks:. Sandwiches: Hawaiian BBQ & Full Montagu. Wraps: Earl's Cobb (no bacon, no ranch, add mustard) & Mediterranean Chicken Salad
Inside Planet Hollywood.. . Opens 24/7.. . Long lines during late night hours.. . Fast and friendly Services.. . Full Montagu is yummy.. Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. . The Earl's Club is yummy too. Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce. . will come back next month for moreee
BEST SANDWICH place ever!. . I had the tuna melt and it was perfect. There was a short line, but not a long wait. There are always seating available. Pretty cheap for such good sandwiches (about 5 to 6 bucks). This place is located in Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile shops.
it was so good that i went there 3 times and i was only in vegas for 4 and half days!
The world's greatest hot sandwich at such a phenomenal price.. . I'm in Las Vegas with my homies...me and my buddy Jerry are walking through Planet Hollywood and need something that won't take too long. There's a bit of a line but it's moving at a decent pace. While in line we decide on splitting two sandwiches since it's our first time and we want to try two. We are still looking at the menu trying to decide on what two.  Jerry says "let's get three." I say sure, why not? We were hungry. All these sandwiches on the menu sound so tasty. Almost at the front of the line when I look at Jerry and say "Let's get four." Done. In Vegas, go big or go home. We ordered:. . -The Original 1762. -The Full Montague. -Caribbean Jerk Chicken. -Cannonballs!. . I love that they label the sandwiches.The Original was HANDS DOWN the best quick hot sandwich I have EVER had. OMFGWTFWOW. It was like a sliced prime beef sandwich with the perfect amount of creamy horseradish & cheese. They don't skimp on the meat. Basically, if you like eating prime rib, you'll effing love this sandwich. The bread was good, not too airy. During my 6-night stay, I returned two more times just for the Original*. The other sandwiches were okay. One time I came here before a noon poker tourney and I saw there was no line. I was so excited until I got to the register and was told by the manager that their computers were down. I told her I'd overpay and I don't need change. DONE & DONE! By the way, this branch is 24/7 !!!. . I pray this place comes to my hometown of Chicago, or I might have to open one myself. No bs.
The BEST hot sandwich place EVER! To bad the closest to me is in Vegas... We've tried just about every sandwich on their menu and have loved every one! I don't like to gamble, and I hate the smokey environment of Vegas, but since we've discovered Earl of Sandwich, I actually look forward to visiting Vegas!
I just have to throw my two cents in here, because this place lives up to the hype! Believe it! . . Found it on Yelp before a recent trip to Vegas, tried it out. Of course, huge line, but I could not believe how fast the line moved and how quickly the food came. And the sandwiches were amazing. . . I highly recommend it!
They say it's the world's best hot sandwich, and while I don't want to agree to give such high expectations - a spinoff of a panini, these are pretty damn good. .  . I got the All American ( Roasted Turkey, Buttermilk Ranch, Cranberries, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce & Roma Tomatoes). The bread was scrumptious, the bread:ingredient ratio was perfect (just enough bread for the inside ingredients) and I especially enjoyed the mix of cranberries.. . The sandwiches were super affordable and I do plan to come again :)
For food in Vegas, this is my spot. The sandwiches are ALL amazing. No joke. The prices are also super affordable, so you can have more to spend on gambling? Haha. Alright, so the price really didn't matter to me. After all, it's Vegas, you could probably find a decent buffet for a little more, but I wouldn't mind having this every day for lunch. So good.. . I also love the location, if I remember in my usually non sober / sober when gambling state it's in PH so that makes it great for me and a nice location on the strip.. . Anyways, check it out in Vegas. I'll say it's one of my couple always go to stops inVegas.
BEST. SANDWICHES. EVER.. . I LOVE sandwiches in general, but so many places just drop the ball--too oily, too little ingredients, etc.. . I had the Earl Club here, and it was fantastic. Perfect proportions of turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, etc. So tasty, and it was the PERFECT amount for me. They are healthier than a LOT of other sandwich places I have been to. My parents got the veggie sandwich, since they aren't too into meat. At most restaurants, a veggie sandwich means....lots of lettuce and not much else! This veggie sandwich was TASTY, healthy, and full of a variety of grilled veggies and melted cheese.. . I give this place 5 stars easily! I wish they would open up a store in the Bay Area though!!
Come here and grab a sangwich before you pre-game and then again after hoeing around in the club! the original and the tuna melt... that's maaaah faaavorite!!! enjoy!
Hawaiian Bbq & Caribbean Jerk! w/ salt&vinegar chips. nom nom. Amazing sandwich!!!! Good price but wished it was a little bigger lol I want this in Los Angeles!!
Original, Tuna Melt, and I remember correctly, a cupcake? Yeah. 3am never tasted sogood.
This is def not a place that brings up the hype but end up being disappointed. IT LIVES UP TO THE HYPE. I've eaten about ~5 diffferent sandwiches on the menu and they were ALL VERY GOOD. If its your first time I suggest the Earl's club/ Montagu. they're very simple and delicious sandwiches. Every time we come to Vegas we NEVER i mean NEVER forget to come grab a sandwich. The plus side is that its INEXPENSIVE! The bread is at the right crisp and just compliments EVERYTHING. The line can get a little long after clubbing/eating hours but its worth the wait! You can tell by the lines how good it can be! this place is a MUST MUST try.
Earl of Sandwich is probably one of the spots I go to eat whenever I am in Vegas.  It's open 24 hours, which is great for after clubbing eats or even a quick meal before clubbing and/or a night of bar hopping.  I have been here a number of times and always try something different.  So far everything has been really good with the exception of one sandwich that i think was given to me in error.  Overall, I think this place is a gem of a place because it's cheap, tasty, quick, lots of differenthot sandwiches, salads, and wraps to choose from, and is open 24 hours a day.
The best $6 or $7 I spent in Las Vegas, and probably the biggest bang for my buck, too. I got a turkey club with no mayo and it was fantastic. They have a ton of breakfast and lunch options and they are ALWAYS open. Seriously, this place cannot be beat. Really fresh, amazing options and open 24/7? That's nuts. Plus, they have all sorts of goodies and treats and good coffee, too.
This was all I ate in Vegas this past weekend.  I had no idea what to expect, but my friend was hyping this spot up before we even got there. This place far exceeded my expectations!  Over the course of three-ish days, I've tried the Hawaiian BBQ, Italian, and the Jerk Chicken.  The Hawaiian BBQ was my favorite, which consisted of grilled chicken, ham, pineapple, bbq sauce, perfectly melted cheese and toasted bread... is your mouth watering yet?!  This place is definitely worth a try.  Next time I visit sin city, I will make sure to come back here.
SFKSjFS FOODGASM FOODGASM FOODGASM. . . A 5 star rating from me is rare, but this place definitely deserves it. There's not much I can add on top of everyone else's reviews, but trust, it's AWESOME. I love it so much that I joined a couple of friends who were making a daytrip to Vegas (from LA) just to get this sandwich! The Full Montagu is my fav. Their mustard sauce is amazing and their bread is toasted to perfection. What makes a sandwich is their bread, and Earl of Sandwich scores a 10,000,000 on a scale of 10. . . So whenever you find yourself waking up in vegas (pun intended, Katy Perry), go go go!. . tip: This is actually located at the intersection of Planet Hollywood and the miracle mile shops, don't wander around the hotel like I did.
I came here for the first time in December 2010 pretty late at night and I really enjoyed my all american sandwich. I thought it was delicious, but I wasn't 100% sure if it really was delicious or could it have been because I was super hungry and a little bit drunk?. . However, I recently made another trip to Earl Of Sandwich before leaving Las Vegas, and this time I was sober. And let me say, the all american REALLY is DELICIOUS!! The cranberries in the sandwich is what made me love the sandwich so much more.  It's not something I expected to be good in a sandwich, but it is what makes the sandwich so amazing! My mouth is watering just writing about it.  My boyfriend ordered the Earl's Club and it was really good too, but after having my mouth watering, cranberry filled all american, the Earl's club couldn't compare.. . All in all, if your're in the area, you definitely need to try this place.  Amazing food for an unbeatable price in an awesome location.  It cannot be beat.
So you lost a few bills at Black Jack to a mean dealer who likes to hit 21 on his 5th card and the buzz from playing nickel slots is wearing off ... What'll make you feel better?  How about some delicious melted sandwiches?  . . Lke an oasis hidden in a plethora of overpriced burgers, Earl of Sandwich is just inside the main entrance of the Planet Hollywood. Once you have found it you'll be back to try another sandwich, unless you happen to have the Carribean Jerk Chicken, in which case you'll come back for the same sandwich.  Yes, it's that good and it's cheap! (relatively).. . On top of great taste and good prices, the service is quick and organized.  You even get a beeper to let you know when your freshly melted sandwich is ready so you can saunter over to the closest slot to put in all the money you saved.. . Earl, you're welcome on my lifeboat anytime!
Delicious late night food!  Yummm..... . The thanksgiving sandwich with cranberry sauce is to die for.
Very first time here despite being a resident for many years x.x. . Prices are great, and sandwiches are so good! I was very happy to see that my Original has toasty bread, not oily at all! When I read any ingredients such as mustard or horseradish, I immediately think sour tangy, which isn't my taste at all. But I was wrong. The moment I bit in, I was happy that all the ingredients complimented each other! The beef was soft, the spreads and cheese were not salty, you could taste everything altogether. Boyfriend and I switched the second half of our sandwiches. He had Full Montagu, which was also very delicious! I just wish this wasn't the only Earl in Vegas :(
Hot sandwiches for $6. Can't be beat. . Six dollar sandwiches, 24 hours and actually worth the money? You wouldn't think a place like this would exist in Vegas, but it does and its awesome.
Cheap. Good. Fast.. . Enough said. . . A little about my credentials:. I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky, engineering image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian  Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
Went here on a friend's recommendation and it was fantastic. This place  serves hot sandwiches at about $7 each. I had the earl's club because i love bacon in hot sandwiches. The bread was crusty on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside, just the way it should be. The turkey, bacon, cheese and veggies were all delicious and were packed in perfect proportions in the sandwich. Although we went at lunchtime, this place is open 24 hrs so its perfect for late night eats on the cheap, which is essential for post-nightclub inebriated munchies. Will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!
Best sandwich i have tasted period! Sanwhiches were hot and it's the best thing to eat whenever you are coming from a club or if you are just plain hungry.  Best of all, they are open 24 hours.  There is usually a long line at earls but the line moves pretty fast, unless they have to reboot their system.
Absolutely obsessed!  . . Being that this is open 24 hours and also completely affordable (sandwiches are $6 and soups are $3), it became my go-to place for breakfast, lunch, dinner and post-drinking munchies (too bad I didn't always have my phone to check in haha).  During my 3 night stay in Vegas this past weekend...I came here for ALL of my meals (minus Pink's and a pizzeria) and still didn't get tired of it!. . I've tried a few of their sandwiches (all were good), but my favorite has to be the tuna melt.  Being a tuna junkie, I can definitely say that not only is the tuna melt from Earl's my favorite sandwich on the menu, but it is probably my favorite tuna melt sandwich of all time!
Late night, a beautiful women approached me in Vegas while eating at the Earl of Sandwich. Her body illuminated the darkest corner of the restaurant with a glittering light show... her parting lips asked me if i wanted some entertainment for the night. Her face shimmered endless hours of fun.... . I had to reply. "I'm so sorry I can't ... I'm too full." . . Damn you Full Montagu with deli mustard!!!. . Damn you too Cannon Balls!!!
This place is probably the best place to find a good and affordable sandwich on the strip. Everywhere else on the strip is ridiculously overpriced. During my recent trip to Vegas with my boyfriend we decided to come here for a midnight snack after running around the strip b/c friends recommended to me. . . When we got there we saw that prices were reasonable with each one sandwich costing 5.99$. We decided to share the Hawaiian bbq sandwich (ham,chicken, pineapple, and bbq sauce) because it sounded interesting. This sandwich was amazing. It was like nothing like we've ever tasted. . . The next day for breakfast we decided to come back because there were a couple other things we wanted to try. This time we shared the best blt and it was also good. Not amazing but pretty good. Their bread is so crispy and nice so was the bacon so that was a plus. . . Seriously, if you want to save some money, eat here. It's worth the 6$ Also its 24 hrs now, so it's a great place to get hangover food!
OMG, I love Earl of Sandwich. It's located in Planet Hollywood, and it's always crowded, but the line moves fast.  I order the Original 1762 (fresh roasted beef, cheddar cheese minus the horseradish, but add a little mustard).  The roast beef sandwich is on a warm, nicely toasted roll.  My hubby orders the Original 1762 with everything.  We'll either have potato salad or chips with our sandwiches.  The restaurant is between the mall and the casino, so it's lil' noisy.
Earl of Sandwich, you never fail to satisfy my starving tummy after a long night at the club. . . Forget the steak and eggs, go for Earl of Sandwich's Tuna Melt, Italian, Hawaiian BBQ, Earl's Club, and other amazing sandwiches.. . My favorite part about the sandwiches: The toasted crispy bread that's always perfectly toasted.
The FULL MONTAGU is where it's at. Among that one, tuna melt, and the caribbean jerk chicken, the full montagu is my favorite! It tastes better than it looks in their picture. . . This place really is a must-try in Vegas! Open 24 hours and sandwiches are only $5.99 and they are hot and delicious!!!!
Earl of Sandwich...you make my tummy smile =). . After staying at PH one weekend, it was a must that I try Earl of Sandwiches!. . Now I know why the line to this place was so freakin LOOOOOONG!. . The sandwiches are amazing....super good...out of this world!. . On Day 1, I tried the Tuna Melt.....YUMMY YUMMY!. . On Day 2, I ordered The All American.....Turkey with cranberry dressing and cheddar cheese? Good Lord was that delish!!!. . Why can't there be an Earl of Sandwich where I live? . . I'll be in Vegas this weekend and you know I'll be making a pit stop here. I think I'll try the Full Montagu this time. I heard that sandwich will knock your socks off! . . This sandwich lover is satisfied!!!
Great food and filling! I had about four different sandwiches and all tasted great. Long lines but it moves fairly quickly. Seating is limited but your food is wrapped to go. Overall I would still go back and try more!
One of my favorite sandwich places. Especially now that it's open 24 hours, it definitely adds another star. I usually prefer not to make the long trek if I'm not staying at PH, as the walk from the parking structure is a bit lengthy. Wish they would do curbside pickup. haha.  Overall, a great fresh sandwich with quality ingredients and freshly baked bread. Can't be beat.
Tuna melt!!! Where have you been all my life? . . The tuna melt here is my ultimate favorite! Cheesy and creamy, yummy!. . You don't even to wait by the cashier for your sandwiches 'cause they have a buzzer for you when it's ready.
Oh my goodness. These are my 2 favorites! It is indeed the best hot sandwich ever. I don't even know how to describe. It's too much good stuff in yo mouth.. . Tuna Melt-contains: Freshly Made Albacore Tuna Salad & Melted Aged Swiss Cheese . . The Original-contains: Roasted Beef, Cheddar Cheese & Creamy Horseradish Sauce. (the sauce makes the sandwich so much yummier!!). . . I can eat this for breakfast, lunch & dinner!. Open 24 hours, located in Planet Hollywood.
Such a great find on Yelp!. . They offer very tasty hot sandwiches for such a deal when you compare most quick bites to eat on the strip!  . . Must try the Full Montagu! Great tasting!  I have also enjoyed their Classic Roast Beef, Veggie, and Tuna Melt.  . . I doubt you can go wrong w/ any of their sandwiches!  You can totally get stuffed one sandwich or share one w/ a friend.  Their fruit is pretty fresh.  I didn't like their Mac salad though! :(  Their cookies were delicious! Nom Nom Nom!. . They are now open 24 hours and serve breakfast!  Too bad I don't like breakfast!  . . This place is a great place for something a lil more on the healthier side esp if you had been blinge drinking!   The sandwiches don't give you that heavy sinking stomach feeling!  . . Wish they had one in Cali!
I'm so glad my cousins showed me this place! I got the veggie sandwich, and not many restaurants can make a bomb veggie sandwich. They DID! the tomato soup is fantastic as well. I will definitely come back to try the other sandwiches! On top of that, open 24 hours! can't beat the late night munchies after a long night of dancing and drinking. Even the appearence of a fast food sandwich shop was very impressive, nothing spliied out while taking it back to my hotel. Great customer service and fast service. The sandwiches are neatly wrapped. Bang for your buck, very reasonable pricing, esp since you're in Vegas.
Believe the hype. . . You just gotta try it for yourself, if you haven't yet. . Easier to get to if you enter from the south entrance of Planet Hollywood.. . Ordered the Full Montague and left feeling full. Their sandwich is smaller compared to other places like Subway or Quizno's but it delivers. I think what really makes the sandwich stand out is the toasted artisan bread. I wonder if you can buy the bread by itself. The meat combination makes it even better. . . They only offer baked/"healthy" chips, but they do sell cookies.
I would come toVegas just for Earl's... I would also book a room in Planet Hollywood just to eat here, haha. Everything on the menu is so good!! Combine that with really good pricing, fast moving lines, good service, open 24 hours..and you get one of my rare 5-star reviews :). . I really recommend anything on the menu, but my favorites are the tuna melt, the club, the montagu, and the hawaiian BBQ, and please please pleaseeee get a cup of tomato soup, you won't regret it!!  And to top it off get the Earl Grey Lemonade to wash it all down. Ugh now I'm hungry!  Salads and wraps are also good here. And also the parfaits, I sound like a fatass but I don't care!!. . They really are the world's best hot sandwiches!
This is probably the only place (off the top of my head) that really, truly deserves a 5/5. Maybe even a 6.5/5. The business didn't pay me to say that. Although they could pay me in sandwiches... that would be my dream. . . To start, I didn't know about the hype at all; I've never even heard of this place until my friends and I stayed at PH so I had no clue that it was kind of a big deal. I came in with an open mind (and a growling stomach) to say the least. . . I think what initially attracted me to this place was that its open 24 hours. The fact that I could get food from this place at any point of the day is a big plus, especially since it's Vegas. People tend to lose track of the time from all the booze hounding they do. I kind of did. Anyway, I recall seeing a huge line up during lunch time and I was quite intrigued. I decided to try it and see what it was all about. . . My first sandwich was the Full Montagu. Roast beef, turkey, swiss and cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and this Earl's Mustard sauce. Holy orgasmo in my mouth. Not even joking, it was so delicious. The bread was nicely buttered and toasted, moist meat, crisp lettuce, velvety cheese... and that sauce! Mouthwatering. I think the price helped a whole lot too. I don't remember how much I paid for it exactly but I think it was somewhere around $7 or $8. So worth it. . . I was so happy with my initial purchase that I decided to come back the next day and bring my friend along. This time we got the BLT, the Hawaiian and the Tomato Soup. The BLT was a jacked up BLT, not in terms of size but in terms of taste. It was really good. The Hawaiian had a spicy, smoky, sweet taste to it which I really loved. Another home run. But the biggest surprise for me in this round was the Tomato Soup. I have never tried a tomato soup as good as the one I've had there. It was nice and silky and the croutons! Oh my damn those croutons... Wonderfully soaking in the rich tomato goodness. I paid around $10 for the BLT and the soup. It was so worth it; the sandwich and the soup were nice portions and really good.. . Would I come back? Hell to the yes. Great food for a great price. So worth trying. I tell any of my friends that are going to Vegas to try this place. That's how impressed I was.
Tried this place for the first time this weekend and it was UH-MAZING! I had the earls famous club and that sauce they had was GREAAAT! absolutely loved it!  Girlfriend had the carribean chicken jerk or something like that, and it was good as well! cannot go wrong with either two.. . I need to try their breakfast they have
I eat here every time I'm in Vegas, it's been great every time. My favorite is the Jerk Chicken.  Prices are really reasonable.
SO good that I had it for LUNCH and after clubbing in Vegas!! The TUNA MELT was delicious!! They need to open one in Los Angeles please!! :). . Cheap and tasty food in Vegas baby!!  :). . ENJOY!!. . oh and did I mention...it's 24 hours and you can make a phone order for pick up from your hotel! :p
Thanks to yelp, I found this place on our last trip to vegas while staying at Planet Hollywood. Between all of the fattening buffets and the over-eating, wewanted a lighter yet still delicious lunch and were lucky to find this place. . . They offer hot toasted sandwiches with very fresh ingredients. I had the full montague and my bf had the earl's club and both were delicious (although we were eye-ing ppl's meatball sandwiches too). I really like the bread here and I was surprised at how affordable the prices were. $6 for a sandwich isn't bad at all. Seemed quite popular too, but service was fast. We would definitely come back to this place again next time we're in town.
You MUST come here at least once every time you are in vegas! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!.  . The price is definitely priced cheaply for vegas. I have had the montague and the all-american. The all- american has turkey and cranberry and when a place offers this selection, I must have it! YUM. My friends and I order different sandwiches and everybody was satisfied. We come here late at night at times after going out clubbing. Such a great late night snack. The tomato soup is delicious, it comes with croutons.  .  . When I was visiting my bf in NY afterwards, he was upset that I didnt bring him one!
For the price and location in Las Vegas this place can't be beat.  Nice sides, original sandwiches, HP steak sauce at every table... I average one sandwich for every day that I spend in Vegas.  Never had a bad one here.  If any place gets five stars in this town, it's Earl of Sandwich.
Terrific hot sandwiches at a great price in a nice casino.. I had recommend "The Full Montagu" since that's the only one I got to try. The rest of the family each had a different sandwich and they loved their's too.. If you're near Planet Hollywood, check it out.
Tis true.  Hail to Earl of Sandwich.  This mighty establishment has made a fine addition to our meals at all hours around the clock.  From the late night munchies of a Montague to the early morning hangovers of a Tuna Melt dipped in Brocolli Cheddar soup. . . And when there is no piling wait out to the slot machines...you'd be a damn fool for not taking advantage of that opportunity.  . . Best part: It's less than $10 for your soup and sandwich!  Try getting that kind of treatment anywhere else on the strip.  It's a rarity
I went out of my way to eat my Vegas lunch at Earl of Sandwich because, simply put, they are the best. When I say "best", I mean that in the literal dictionary definition of best.  I'm not just throwing that superlative out there haphazardly. The sandwiches here are the best! Period.. . Why? The meats are roasted fresh on location every morning. The bread is baked baked before your eyes fresh for your sandwich as soon as you place your order.. . The bread. . . Oh man...what kind of narcotics are they lacing that toasty loaf with? It is soo bloody good!. . To top it all off, it's only $6. . It's the best $6 you'll spend in Vegas...Guaranteed!. . I highly recommend you try "The Original". . It simply features Roast beef + Cheddar + Horse Radish served on their crazy good bread. The minimal amount of ingredients allow you to taste how truly flavorful each individual one is.
Even though there are 1,000+ reviews I'll still put my 2 cents in. After partying it up at Wet Republic we were starving. Since Earl of Sandwich is on the way back to the hotel we decided to stop by to get our grub on. I swear the walk from the MGM grand was the longestttt...we should have just taken a cab. When we got there the place was packed and there was a line, but it moved quickly. I ordered the full montague and macaroni salad. About 5 minutes later my sandwich was ready. Yes I was highly intoxicated, but the sandwich was amazing. It would have been just as good if I was sober too. That was also my cheapest meal in Vegas. Now that was my 2 cents.
Over the course of one weekend I had Earl of Sandwich 5 times. True, it's because they're much more affordable than lot of other places and the located 2 mins from my hotel room at PH but I have daydreamed of driving the 300 miles just for Earl of Sandwich. The convenience and affordable prices are just superb pluses to the food. Oh yeah they're open 24/7 and usually gets your orders really fast even when lines are long. The hot sandwiches are perfect in every way, may favorite is the club. This place will change your life!
Looking forward to trying all the sandwiches! Yummmmm... . i had the Original, and the beef was so juicy, bomb.. my girlfriend chose the Club and the turkey was moist like crazy... i've taken bites of the hawaiian, and oh man that bbq sauce is delicious.. . grey poupon (dijon mustard) makes the world go round. it's like my sriracha's soul mate. those two sauces should be the staple ketchup and mustard. . . prices are so damn cheap too, one day i'll go back to vegas and straight up bu one of each and feast with all the fellow drunkies hehe.
best sandwhich in vegas...must try...italian is the best by far....
I'm sure all has been said before..but I have to write another fantastic comment.  . . Pros: . -6.50 a steaming hot sandwich after tax and it located right on the strip.. -The service is speedy, all the ingredients taste fresh. -Way better than Quizno's, Subways and Capriotti's combined.  Quiznos and subway gives way too little meat and Capriotti's is a bit more expensive and takes longer to make.  Earls is hot, fresh and has a good amount of meat in them.  :). . Everyone I know who's tried this place loves it! :) (That means not just the drunks who stumble upon this place but local sober friends continue to come back as well ). . If you dont give this place a try, you are missing out! :)
FREAKING DELICIOUS!!. . I had the All-American Sandwich which was sooo good.  The turkey and cranberry combo is to die for.  The line was a bit long, but it was so worth it.. . Definitely a must-visit in Vegas. . Also, compared to everything else in Vegas, this was actually reasonably priced!
I can't believe I haven't reviewed my favorite late night (actually all day) food in Vegas yet! . . it's cheap, fast, and so good! I always get the Full Montague. The last time we went to Vegas, we stayed in PH Towers 2 br suite. We weren't excited for the suite, we were excited for the fact that Earl of Sandwich was in the casino downstairs!! And trust we took advantage of that lil sandwich spot 2 times a day. I don't think I've had better drunk food.
A great place to get a sandwich at anytime of day. Earl's delivers with its top ingredients and it's awesome selection of Sandwiches.
Got 4 different sandwiches and split it up among 4 of us. . . All of them were excellent. I didn't bother moving out anything I didn't like and just ate it, which I rarely do. . . Tuna melt and original are really worth trying out. . . Price is great especially in vegas.
The soup is great. Sandwiches are fresh. Can't go wrong here and it's covenient to the casino floor!
This place is LEGIT.  . . Pros:. - Middle of the strip located on the Las Vegas Blvd of the strip in Planet Hollywood. - $5.99 sandwiches, which means it'll probably be the cheapest meal you eat in Vegas. - Around the corner from Fat Tuesday. - Not a long wait AT ALL when I came at 6PM on a Sunday. - AMAZING, YUMMY SANDWICHES. - Open 24 hours . . I ordered the Full Montagu because Yelp told me it was one of their best ones and for once, Yelp didn't lie.  It was AMAZING.  So good and everyone in my group of 7 said it was one of the best sandwiches they've ever had in their life.  We were with one local who bought 2 and while at first we thought she was just being a fatty, when we all got back to the hotel, we ALL were wishing we had bought an extra one.. . Earl of Sandwich, I'm coming back to you EVERY SINGLE TIME.. Hell, it makes me want to stay in Planet Hollywood the next time I go to Vegas just so that it's much more conveniently located.. . Yelp 365 challenge #4
This was the main reason we stayed at Planet Hollywood this past weekend! EARL'S!!! We stayed at Planet last year too and we came back just for this!! . . One of the best hot sandwiches I've ever had in my life! I usually get the Original which is roast beef, cheddar cheese, and horseradish sauce!! (YUM!!). The Hawaiian is awesome too, consisted of Ham, Pineapple, Chicken, Swiss Cheese, and BBQ sauce. I've had Earl's for breakfast lunch dinner and midnight snack!!. . Lines can get long but moves fast I think. Def a stop everytime I'm in Vegas!!. . Damn it NYC!! Open up already!!
Best place to eat and cheap if you're one of those who spends load of cash in Vegas!  Open 24 hours in Planet Hollywood, best drunk munchies after clubbing, gambling, getting drunk, etc.  BUT also great for lunch or dinner.  I absolutely love the Cannonball (meatballs, cheese, and marinara) and Full Montagu (turkey, roast beef, swiss, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and sauce).  Probably all the sandwiches are good here.  They are toasted & the cheese is melted perfectly on their bread (kind of reminds me of Quiznos, but way BETTER) Definitely a MUST-GO to place and its all under $10!. . Sooooo want to go back to Vegas and eat this again... probably next month? :)
OMG, I try to avoid sandwiches because they provide me with too many carbs LOL, but when I come to Vegas, I have to eat here. Its bad, I know, I have to order 3 sandwiches everytime!. . Montagu, Club, and the Original. Ill eat two at one sitting, and the other one thats left I'll eat when I get back to the room.. . I wished they had one here in SoCal. I'd invest haha
I like to consider myself a food connoisseur of sorts... I love food. . . I also LOVE Vegas! I stumbled (and yes, I mean Stumbled Literally) on Earls early one morning. I said "sure, ill eat that" . . I thought wow this is pretty good. Woke up the next morning and told my buddy that i had the best sandwich Ive ever had last night. He was like: Sure, drunk food is always good" . . We tried it again and yes, it is the best sandwich I have ever had. The Original is my absolute favorite. Roast beef, cheese, and some horseradish sauce.... delish!. . I look forward going back to Vegas Specifically to go to Earls. They do not have one in Phoenix and this is the closest one to where I live. . . I have taken several people and they all agree its awesome! . . Did I mention sandwiches are all about the bread and this place had nailed it!!
THE BEST SANDWICH EVER! I got the caprese it haad a bit too much balsamic but still good!! LOVE IT! Im going here for lunch when i am in vegas!
Found this place wandering through Planet Hollywood shops in order to take advantage of air conditioning on my way to the bus stop.  Early morning & most of the shops are closed, but this place is open 24/7.  Breakfast sandwiches, 4 bucks.  So I'm thinking I'll end up with somthing like an egg mcmuffin.. . Wrong.  The Ham and Swiss breakfast sandwich on the menu comes with sour cream and some kind of mustard sauce.  I requested mine without the sour cream and mustard, just a little mayo instead.  It came on about a 4 1/2 square foccacia packed with about an inch of finely shaved ham that was oh so delicious.  Outside of the sandwich was lightly crispy and the whole thing tasted like smoky buttery yummmm.  It was so good I had breakfast there on another morning during my stay and brought same sandwich to one of my co-workers.  Highly recommend for frugal & delightful breakfast.
It was pretty busy when we got there.  Don't let the line deceive you, it zips by really quick.  You'll be too busy looking at their wide selection anyways.  I ordered the Montagu (roast beef, turkey, tomato, lettuce, cheese) and my boyfriend ordered the Earl Club.  We shared chips, mac salad, and a cupcake coronet.  $5.99 for a sandwich,  $1.79 for mac salad,  $1.95 for the dessert.. . **SIDE NOTE:  Drinks DO NOT come with the sandwich.  So don't be the loser that later tries to jump the line to buy a drink when the cashier asked if you wanted anything else and you say "no"---cuz that was totally me***  . . Ok, back to the experience...so I got my sandwiches.  I felt like I got the golden ticket to sandwichy goodness.  Right when I peeled open the golden wrapper, I heard singing.  I took my first bite and felt like this was my first time eating a sandwich!  Forget you ever had sandwiches, because if you tried the melt-in-your-mouth Montagu, it makes all the sandwiches you ever had in your life seem like Lunchables cracker stackers.  Amaaazzing!!  This was one of those times I forgot to take a picture, because the food was so good.  I definitely will go back!
OH MY F'N GOD! I'm already home and the thought of this place is still making me organism... i mean orgasm!. . Finally I got to try the famous tuna melt. I don't know what it is, but its so damn tasty. I've never had a tuna melt blow my mind before. When I went back to Earl's on the second day, I told myself I was going to order something else. And as soon as I got to the register the words "Tuna Melt w/ Tomato" came out of my mouth instantaneously.. . Don't let the line scare you. They get it moving really fast.. . Earl's of Sandwich, you have seriously changed my life. I will be back FOR SURE!
There is a huge ass line for this place at all hours, but it's totally worth it!!. . Everyone in my group absolutely LOVED whatever sandwich they got. You can't go wrong with any of them. If you have sometime to wait, definitely do it, cause you're not gonna regret it!. . Oh and it's not expensive...!!! . . It's located in Planet Hollywood :)
OMG this place opens 24/7 andd have the best sandwiches I have ever put into my mouth.  It was almost orgasimic once I swallowed that first bite LOL BTW I ordered the full Montagu and it makes subway taste like shit! Highly recommend this place for a delicious and cheap bite!
Heaven's gift to mankind- 24 HR Earl of Sandwich!!!! . . So good! The bread is on point. Toppings are wonderful. I tried the Original, Caribbean Jerk, and the Club. All yummy and delish and worth the wait. I literally craved coming back here everyday of my trip. I will stay at PH more often :)
Jay Z said it best, "I love Earls, Earls, Earls, Earls. Earls I do adore"
After reading a yelp review about this place I knew I had to try it. And since I was staying in Planet Hollywood, it was the perfect opportunity! True to the reviews, this place serves up big sandwiches for very good prices (less than $10). I got the tuna melt. Oh man they stuck a huge chunk of gruyere in there and even got it to melt! Awesome! I only finished half of it in one sitting. And it was still yummy 4 hours later. I came back the next morning for a muffin. You know this place is good since there is always a huge line out the door!
Okay this place is amazing - AND its open 24 hours!!! If you're staying in Planet Hollywood, you're even luckier cause its an elevator ride away. . . I've been to another Earl's before and I feel like this one was WAY better. The bread is toasted to a crispy, brown perfection!! . . Italian is delicious especially with dijon mustard. You can't go wrong with Earl's EVEN if you hate sandwiches. Quick services, super affordable, super delicious and everything you want in a sandwich!
When in LV this is my go to place for a savory meal that doesn't break the bank. . . I get the All American and chocolate cupcake with sprinkles. Its the cranberry sauce that does it for me. It is to die for... YUM!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!. . You MUST come here when you're in vegas especially after a long night of dancing, it's amazing! The sandwiches are amazing and it's pretty cheap! I've tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and the Roast Beef and both are AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!The roast beef is so moist and tender and the sauces are so good! The Caribbean Jerk is full of flavor and it will definitely wake you up when you're eating at 5 in the morning. . . Warning: lines at night are usually really long but it's totally worth it!
Wow....that's the best way to sum up this place. They have the most delicious sandwiches for really affordable prices......and it's open 24 hours! This is the perfect spot to grab a bite to eat before you head up to sleep after a night of partying. You may have to deal with some wasted tourists but it's so worth it.
All American - turkey and cranberry sauce. I'm in. . . I like Earl so much that it makes me want to stay at Planet Hollywood for the sole purpose of walking downstairs for a sandwich (and/or soup).
look forward to this everytime I'm in vegas!. . All the vegetarian options are tasty.. and my omnivorous friends seem to love the Thanksgiving style one. . . Open all the time.. inexpensive and always soo good! :)
YAY! This is yummy.. . I came here twice, each for lunch, for my time in Vegas.. . I got to share a Carribean Jerk Chicken and the Full Montagu with a friend of mine. I also got to try the tomato soup as well. I think my favorite that time was Carribean Jerk Chicken.. . Next time I got the Earl's Club and damn that was good too. . . The food was good for its price. $6 for a sandwich YUM.. . Can't WAIT to go back!
So delicious! Our group of 8 ordered a variety of sandwiches and no one had any regrets. For you vegetarians, I suggest getting the caprese over the vegetarian. The cheese with the vinaigrette...so good. I'm drooling while reminiscing.
Earrrl all day errday!. . Want breakfast but no time for a sit down joint? Go to Earl. Need something to hold you off before your big Dinner? Earl Gotcha. Lost your stack at the table and need a cheap break? Earl understands. Looking where to go after the club? Earl After Hours. . Open 247 in one of the better gambling casinos near city center.  This place is just too convenient, too cheap, and too good.  One of the best values around, these sandwiches could easily be going for double the price.  I've had almost every sandwich on the menu and all are excellent.  The key is the toasted artisan bread.  Here are my favorites.. . The All American - cranberry sauce makes this one stand out. The Italian - meat lover special right here. . Get a soup and dip your sandwich in it, BOMBIZZZLE!. . Soup & Sandwich for less than 10 bucks.  In and out in 15 mins.  Back to the tables.. . This place is crackin' late night.  There will be a line but it'll go quick and be filled with honeys.
Earl of Sandwhich has the best sandwhiches...HANDS DOWN!!!!. . Stayed in Vegas for a week and ate at Earls 3x's a day...  The carribean jerk chicken is the best, followed by the all american and the earls club.
I was recently in Vegas for a Bachelorette Party and I was reunited with Earls. Still as good as I remember it! We stayed at Aria so it was a bit of a walk to Planet Hollywood (most of thru the Crystals Mall Plaza) but it was totally worth it! . . I had to get my favorite Cannonballs! and it was delicious. Meatballs were delicious, the sauce was sweet and flavorful, and the cheese was melted nicely on top. I also tried the Earl's Club, Italian, and their Tomato Soup. Everything was oh so yummy. Their ingredients are so fresh and you cannot beat their prices! The long line that is always present should be a strong indication of how amazing this place is. . . NYC LOCATION OPEN UP ALREADY PLS!!!!!
This sandwich shop is probably a place I will always visit whenever I'm in Vegas. I've yet tried a sandwich that is NOT good. . . At another time when I visited, everyone in my party ordered a different sandwich and cut them up to try. I don't exactly remember what we ordered, but each one of the 7 we tried were ALL delicious!!! . . You know the term "melt in your mouth", well that's exactly what the sandwiches here do!! . . What makes it even better is that it's opened even after hours! Since it's so good already even when you're sober, imagine how it'll taste after hitting up the clubs with a few drinks in ya....
the original the best!!!!! also tried the full montague and their tomato soup tasted like spaghettiO's =)
If I could marry a sandwich, it would be one from Earl of Sandwich. Yes, that's how much I love them.. . I discovered this gem inside of Planet Hollywood awhile back and I make it a point to visit at least once every single time I'm in Vegas. There's nothing better than a hot sandwich when you've been drinking the night away.. . I couldn't really tell you which sandwiches I've had since I've had most of them. My favorite and go to is usually the Hawaiian BBQ. Grilled chicken, roasted ham, cheese, BBQ sauce and fresh grilled pineapple. Seriously? Yeah it's fantastic. . . If you go in November, please don't miss out on their holiday sandwich. Turkey, cranberry sauce, gravy, and stuffing. YES, STUFFING. I wish they had it year-round because then I could have Thanksgiving in my mouth year-round.. . Earl of Sandwich has other items like soups, salads, wraps, desserts, but I don't care. It's all about that golden brick of deliciousness.
I think Earl of Sandwich is the only place I've Yelped that has more than 3 pages of photos, and I think that really says something.. . I split a Carribean Jerk Chicken and the Full Montagu with Nina Y., and I loved every single of each of them. I'm not big on sandwiches, but big boy Earl really did it for me.. . If I had to pick, the Montagu would probably be my favorite. The mix of roast beef, cheese, and especially the mustard was a phenomenal combination. The jerk sauce in the Carribean Jerk Chicken was also really great, and took all the bland flavor out of the chicken. Seems like their sandwiches are all about the sauce!. . $6 for a quick and delicious lunch is something hard to find on the strip. You might wait in line for a good 20 min, but it's well worth it!
I don't recall being that impressed with the Earl the first time I had it, so when my friend insisted we go, I was not very excited, but seeing that most of our group was headed out, it seemed like a great choice for our last meal together!. . Located inside the Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood, it is certainly at the hub of the Vegas strip!  . . I ordered the Earl Club (the only one with his name in it!) and absolutely LOVED it.  What truly makes Earl of Sandwich so great is the fact that all the ingredients are fresh.  Additionally, the bread is PHENOMENAL.  I definitely had dreams about it and cravings for in the week that followed.. . Overall, GO, GO, GO! It is AMAZING, especially for the cost! All sandwiches are under $10 and are certainly worth the price! :D Pick a sandwich that sounds good to you and I guarantee you will fall in love!
So after you decide you need to sober up from inebriation, come here and get yourself damn good sandwich(es). We tried the caribbean jerk and tuna melt and both were fantastico! I would definitely like to go back and try their other sandwiches. Pretty inexpensive (for vegas). There was kinda a long line, but it moves fairly quickly.
No BS, THE best sandwich I have ever had in my life. And it was even during my few sober hours in Vegas, so drinks had no influence on me and the pure pleasure of eating said sandwich. For the life of me, I cannot recall what sandwich I got, but from the reviews, it appears that I can't go wrong, and all will live up to the memory of that one perfect sandwich.. . As is the rest of Vegas, this place is packed, loud, and sometimes full of drunks. Fine by me! I'm usually one of them! But the line does move quickly, and the eating area is clean. It's really not a bad spot to sit and enjoy the food with a few friends. The arrangement of the eating area makes it a little hard to cater to a larger group (if you move tables you block off the walkway, trashcans, etc).. . I can't wait to return to Vegas and give this place another try. See if I can discover that magical sandwich again. I'm hopeful.
My boyfriend and i got 3 sandwiches and we were stuffed! We got a Hawaiian bbq and 2 full montagus. They were sooo yummy. The roast beef, the turkey...mmm!  So cheap yet so good!. . We should've brought these golden bricks home with us. Better yet - open one in Orange county, CA!. . Next time we're in Vegas, we will visit again!
Deeeelicious sandwiches!!!!!!!   Cheap prices but great food!!  Open 24 hours.   Everything I've tried here is delicious.  . . Definitely go here when you're in Vegas!  Located in Planet Hollywood.
I tried the Full Montague and the Hawaiian Sandwich - I would say out of the two I preferred the Hawaiian.. . Could it be that most people who are writing reviews are those who have spent a late night out clubbing and got their grub on here? Well even if that is the case, my belly was very content and I'm sure the bread really helped soak up all the alcohol. In actuality, the bread seemed to be the star of the sandwich, not so much the filler inside. . . In any case, I could only eat half that night and the rest ended up in my hotel fridge for morning after breakfast. It tasted delicious even then so I can only wonder how it tasted sans alcohol fresh out of the oven.. . I am a big fan, and for only 6 bucks for a HUGE sandwich, anyone would be crazy not to check this place out at least once! It is on my to do list every time I am back!
Stayed at Planet Hollywood and saw the good reviews for this place, so we tried it out. Great sandwiches at great prices. After losing money at the tables, it was good to find an affordable sandwich shop. I had the Original 1762 sandwich - roast beef, cheddar, and horseradish sauce. On my second visit I had the Italian, both were great sandwiches. If you are ever near Planet Hollywood, check this place out. There was a line when I got there, but it moves fast. . . I also tried Capriottis Sandwich Shop in Vegas, they are equally good with a different variety than offered here. If you like a good sandwich look them up.
Food in Vegas is ridiculously overpriced, so it was refreshing to find an eatery with quality sandwiches at a reasonable price. The line is long, but it goes fast since the place is run so efficiently. I had some of the club, tuna melt and the tomato soup. The sandwiches are made fresh and are toasted- no microwaves here. There is meat and cheese aplenty- a very hearty sandwich for $6. The tomato soup was delicious and went perfectly with the tuna melt. A must for Vegas lunch!
Nearly no other sandwich joint even comes close to this one, especially in the city of Lost Wages. . . In the era where everything convenient in Vegas is expensive, Earl of Sandwich dares to buck the norm and gives you a delicious, affordable sandwich that is deceptively filling for the size. For $5.99 you get endless flavor stuffed into a lightly buttery portion of bread. It's breathtaking. Seriously.. . Just make sure you don't get lost and walk outside of the casino trying to find this place. It's to the left of the big globe! =). . By the way--It's open 24 hours! Lushes REJOICE!
All my friends kept saying you have to go to Earl's if you go to vegas. I never really understood what they meant. I mean, they are just sandwiches... BUT when I finally went here for lunch to try it, oh man soooo delicious!! The bread is very tasty - crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside. I had the Earl Club which had turkey, bacon, and avocado. Usually I dont like Turkey, but it was moist and not dry which was good. I highly recommend it. You can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches. They all look really good from the menu. My friends got the BLT and the Italian and they really liked it.
Best. Sandwiches. Ever.. . We ate here twice on a recent trip to Vegas and will definitely return on our next trip. It's located in the PH casino and right inside the PBR entrance to Miracle Mile Shops (look for Pink's or PBR). Lines sometime seem long but they move quickly. Ordering is a bit different than other sandwich shops in that you order your sandwiches first, then move down the line gathering sides/beverages and paying at the end. Then you get the vibrating coaster and wait for your sandwich to be ready. Sandwiches are cheap, ~$6 and they are open 24 hours. OPEN 24 HOURS. Remember this.. . I ordered the Italian (highly recommended) both times but after reading Yelp! reviews I am excited to try some others on the next trip. . . GO THERE. NOW.
There are a thousand excellent reviews of this place - for good reason - so I'll keep this short.. . The broccoli cheddar soup was a circus in my mouth, and the sandwich (Earl's Club, no tomato) was perfect. I would eat here every meal, every day I'm in Vegas. Holy Moses it's tasty.
open 24hrs a day. all i gotta say go for the Full Montagu.. . Hungry at 4am after clubbing? come here and get the full montagu.. . Want something cheap, delicious and fast? Come here and get the full . montagu.. . Shopping at miracle mile? fuck it, even at ceasars palace? Come here and get the full montagu.. . Drunk and need a bite to eat before you thow up? Come here and get the full montagu.. . Lost $500 playing 5 hands of blackjack? Come here and get the full montagu.. . Want to see some weirdos late at night? Come here and get the full montagu.. . Bathroom too far and need to go #2? Come here and get the full montagu.. . Want to see girls in clubbing skimpy clubbing attire and guys after guys trying to pick em up? Come here and get the full montagu.. . Want something overrated and overpriced? go to pinks. . Moral of this review? Whatever you're doing, come here and get the full montagu.
Best cheap eats place in Vegas! They're open very late so its an awesome place to grab a late night bite to eat after a night of drinking.. I had the original with roast beef which was awesome and is a good place to start if you don't know what to order. I went back the next day to get the club sandwich, which was just as good. And the following morning I had half of a Hawaiian sandwich that was better than I expected it to be (oddly the cheese works well with the BBQ). When eating these sandwiches they offer their own Earl of Sandwich mustard, don't use this, go straight for that Grey Poupon!!! . Went there everyday I was in Vegas...Enough Said.
Ay, caramba!!!!!!!!!!  These sandwiches were the BOMB.  I had the BLT and was blown away by how good it was.  I typically don't like oven baked sandwiches, but this sandwich wasn't overcooked, had an excessive amount of bacon and the perfect amount of mayo.  Add some soda, chips and I was in paradise I tell you, especially considering I was on a zero carb diet for 2 weeks for the pool parties Labor Day weekend.  Another great thing about Earl's is that the prices were reasonable.  Just talking about it, makes me crave one of their sandwiches...
Was just there this past weekend and i think i had 4, maybe 5?? Not sure...also they are now $5.99 up from $4.99. . Highly recommend:. . The Hawaiian**. Cannonball
Earls is bomb.com! Some of the best hot sandwiches I've ever had. Super affordable and great quality of food. It's legit there.
With 1,320+ reviews at 4.5/5 stars --though in my opinion, deserves more --, does it live up to the hype?  Absolutely!. . First time I tasted Earl's sandwiches was at Downtown Disney in Florida.  After an exhausting all-day visit at Magic Kingdom, we decided to call it the day but not before heading to Downtown Disney where we discovered this gem and became a believer that there is a sandwich maker who would topple the likes of Quiznos, Togos and all the others.  At last, a sandwich establishment worth writing about.. . My very first Earl sandwich was the Rueben and it was delectable (I don't think they still have it on the menu) ; made me forget the whole day of walking that I endured.  From that day, I vowed to seek this establishment back home in California but quickly discovered its non-existence. Sad days indeed.  Then one day I was relieved when I heard that Las Vegas opened up a franchise. . . On my much anticipated return last month, I indulged on the goodness of The Full Montagu and Tuna Melt.  Both of which are hot sandwiches and are scrumptious. Did it live up to the hype once, twice, thrice, etc?  Abso-Earlutely... . . A satisfying end to a weekend Vegas getaway.
this place is more of a 10/10 but i cant give it more than 5 stars. the food is so good at such a reasonable price.  i stayed in vegas for 6 days...and i regret not going here more...this is a must go to next time im in town.
This place seriously has the best sandwiches ever!. I tried the tuna melt and club sandwich. Both were delicious! The first bite i took of the tuna melt was undescribleable. I have never ate a tuna sandwich as good as this place! I also tried the mediterranean salad, it was average. And the tomato soup was alright also. Definitely would come back here again! . . Tip: Line is long but the wait was quick
If there was a sandwich god, it would be Earl.. . It's as if God blessed Planet Hollywood by developing an "Earl of Sandwich" open 24 hours of the day to satisfy your lunch, dinner and completely intoxicated food fixes.. . After a million visits, I'm still consistent with the Italian sandwich because I just can't seem to get over it. Salami, ham, mortadella and capicola?! Ay caramba, it's an orgasm in your mouth. And the way they wrap the sandwiches in gold foil--they're like gold bricks that hold the most heavenly of flavor packed in a sandwich. I'm drooling just writing this... . Don't let the line fool you! It will go by quick because this place is too on point. In the end, it will always be worth it.
There are a few rules to follow when in Vegas:. . 1) Don't marry a stripper.. . 2) Don't drink & gamble on an empty stomach.. . 3) Don't call the number on those fliers people hand out to you on the strip. You'll just end up marrying a hooker. That's worse than a stripper if you're wondering.. . So as I wanted to adhere to this rule system, my BF & I paid a visit to the Earl of Sandwich before going out for drinks and gambling. For $5.99 these sandwiches are a crazy good deal! I had the roast beef w/ horseradish and I loved how the bread is nicely toasted. I highly recommend if you're looking to get a quick bite.. . Oh and when we stepped back out on the strip I told the man handing out fliers to my BF that he already had a naked girl...but thank you!. . Yelp 365 Challenge: #33/365 (The Rules)
I had heard a lot of hype about this place, but didn't try it until my last visit to Vegas in July. I was hungover as you can get, but starving. I was worried that anything but pho would upset my stomach, but being the foodie I am, couldn't resist trying the place.. . The line moved fairly quickly, and I was torn between healthy and filling so I ordered a sandwich and a salad to have a little of both. Both were amazingly delicious! I got the Mediterranean Salad and the Italian sandwich. The salad had a variety of fresh and crisp veggies with a light dressing, while the sandwich was hot with oozing mozzarella over salami, ham and tomatoes. I totally forgot I was hungover as I enjoyed the rejuvenating meal, and was definitely careful not to eat so I wouldn't waste it :P. . I rank this place up there with Ike's and Jersey Mike's, definitely worth a visit when you're in Vegas!
After a night of dancing, dancing, dancing, drunk dancing  and more dancing, i was hungry enough to eat a hippo... soooooo my awesomeeeeee bff suggested we go grab earls.,... . First thought...SANDWHICH? NOW? EW...I WANT PHO..I WANT SOMETHING SOUPY!....oh hell was i wrong!!! . . We ordered: CannonBalls, Caribbean Chicken Jerk and Montagu...the verdict??? OMG OMG OMG... ..each bite was like taking a bite out of heaven...My fav...the Carribean Chicken Jerk! Go Go Go!. . oo yea the line was pretty long, but it goes by fast so don't whine u little sissy:)
GO HERE!. . There is NO reason why you shouldn't check this place out. Open 24 hours.. cheap.. delicious... just go! Expect to wait if you go at 4am like I did the other night.. No biggie.. you will make friends with others in line. PH was playing some bangin music when we were in there so we were jammin in line..
Why does this place get such good reviews?. Considering it's on the strip, it's a fast and easy way to get a good sandwich at a very reasonable price. There's a nice big eating area that's away from the chaos of the strip.. The bread is fresh and crispy. I loved the tomato soup. LOVED.
So for the past 2 Vegas trips, I made it a point to take my friends to Earl of Sandwich because it's sooooo good. Granted that it's only a sandwich shop, the food is served fresh, warm, and tastes pretty damn good!. . Earl of Sandwich is located in Planet Hollywood and normally there's a line but it goes pretty fast. Line = good sign for a restaurant. You order first and then pay at the end of the line (then they give you a buzzer for when your food is ready). There's limited seating space so you'll have to have a few of your friends lurk around and snatch a seat. But the best thing about Earl of Sandwich is that it's open 24 hrs 7 days!!!. . So far I've had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken - Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce (there's a slight kick to it, but nothing no one can handle...and the roasted red/banana peppers gives the sandwich a nice smokey flavor). . and. . The Earl's Club - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce (I gobbled everything up...can't go wrong with bacon...IT'S BACON!). . I believe all the signature sandwiches are priced at $6.99...and that's an automatic win in Vegas (especially if you lost at the casino tables). You can add soups, chips, drinks, dessert, etc to your order as well but the sandwich is pretty filling - at about 6".
I love this place. On my previous trip, I ate here 5 times in three days. Gotta go with the Original roast beef sandwich with horseradish sauce. Oh my! Food comes out pretty fast too. I wish there were more on the west coast. For now, I'll have to get my sandwich fix in Vegas
Damn, 4.5 stars already with over 1000 reviews. Do I really need to review?. . Last thing I remembered was ordering a cannonball sandwich (referred to my order as balls of cannon to the employee LOL) and having the best toasted hot sandwich EVER. Not even Subway or Quizno's could compare!. . Even added steaksauce to it and STILL tasted bomb (though I was still intoxicated so that's why I probably added to it :P lol).. . Definitely recommend this place since it's open 24 hours for only ~$6 a sandwich it's worth every buck.
Came to Vegas on a family trip with my 60 year old parents and they loved this place. Loved it over all the buffets with the crab and steak and what-not haha . . All-American, Earl of Clubs, and Tuna Melt . . Open 24 hours, inside Planet Hollywood, all sandwiches are 6 bucks a pop, ordering is easy and fast, and their frozen lemonade is delicioussss especially in the Vegas heat. . We only stayed in Vegas for 2nights, but we somehow stopped by this place at least 5 times... I don't even know how lol
Thank you Earl of Sandwich for being consistent with your food and open late!. . Friends have recommended this place and I remembered that I wanted to try this place last time I was in Vegas last April but didn't make it =(. . This trip we had last week, we came into town super late and I remembered that this place was still open.  The BF had ham and cheese sandwich and I had the broccoli cheddar soup.  Both came out piping hot which was refreshing because most of the time, you can't see steam from your food at that hour (1 AM).  The soup was made just right and not too cheesy and there's enough broccoli in there.  He paid no more than $10-$11 and it was full filling.. . We were awed by this place that we came back the next day and I had The Full Montagu and he had The Earls Club.  Let me tell you that both were still good the next day for left overs =)
Forget pho, forget udon, forget greasy shit. THIS IS HANDS DOWN THE BEST HANGOVER FOOD! . . they say what happens in vegas stays in vegas, but these sandwiches are too good to stay in vegas (i know i know, super cliche). . If you like turkey&bacon (i personally hate bacon, so asked for it removed) get The Earl's Club--Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce. i promise you won't be disappointed. it sounds like a regular sandwich..turkey, cheese, lettuce, etc. but it's not. the bread melts in your mouth, the turkey and swiss are a little warm but it's not soggy at all, because the freshness of the tomatoes and the crunch of the lettuce makes for the perfect blend of flavor and texture. . . being the low key fatty i am, i now look forward to eating here every time i got to vegas...might even be a part of why i wanna go back to vegas so much!!
Earl of Sandwich has the best sandwiches in the world, and sucks that I live 300 miles away from them. When I was here last weekend I knew I needed to come get one. I was at a party Thursday night at my friends frat (he goes to UNLV), and one of the kids there kept talking about the Tuna Melt, and it stuck with me so much that the next day I went and got one. Damn. How else can I elaborate? It was beautiful. Amazing, delicious, satisfying, cheap, perfection between two slices of bread. The service is fast for the long lines. The sandwiches, and I'm sure it doesn't matter which one you get, are insanely magical. I'm salivating just thinking about them. Oh and best thing...THEY'RE OPEN 24/7. Damnit San Diego we are missing a really good thing out here. I'd drive all the way back just for a sandwich from Earl's. That's how freaking delicious these things are. The bread, the ingredients, how they're made; I don't know what it is but whatever they're doing warrants 5 damn Michelin Stars. Come here, If you don't fall in love then please, stop eating food altogether because you have no idea what excellence in the culinary world is, even if it's as simple as a sandwich.
My friend: "Omg. Tiffany! I just got back from Vegas and went to this superly delicious hot sandwich place. You have to try Earl's!". . Tiffany: "Whaaaaa?! LET'S GO TO VEGAS!". . Upon hearing about this highly raved hot sandwich place called "Earl of Sandwich", which floods my facebook news feed statuses and pictures on a biweekly basis, the thought of feeling deprived and naive to what great concoctions this joint produced bothered me. How could this place been unbeknownst to me after several Vegas trips over the course of two years?! Obviously- I have been living under a rock.. . Fresh, piping hot sandwiches that are wrapped in a gold foil, where the unwrapping of this decadent sandwich parallels to the experience of unwrapping a Wonka bar, as you await to see if you may be the lucky one to claim the golden ticket. Except in this case, everyone is a winner since each shiny wrapped golden foiled item will behold an experience where each unfolding of the wrap heightens your excitement to devour this melt in your mouth goodness. Win win! . . How much did I like this place? Maybe a little too much to the extent where I actually went two days in a row (aka. the length of my trip); however, this granted me the opportunity to try not one or two different sandwiches, but THREE! TRES! Read this clearly. Yes I HEIFER!!! Moooo.. . I wish I could pick one, but all three sandwiches were divine! The Earl's Club, a sandwich comprised of thinly sliced roasted turkey that tastes as if it were fresh out of the deli, layered with crispy pieces of Smoked Bacon goodness, Aged Swiss that oozes and clings to the bread and your mouth  for some good cheese action, offset with some refreshing pieces of Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes amongst a slathering of Good Burger like secret sauce. Oooo willy. I can only imagine how delicious it would be to consume this right now at 8:30am. . . Cannonballs! So I'm a meat girl and I distinctively remembering a huge hankering for some meat during my last night in sin city. What better way to satisfy this craving with a sandwich full of meatballs cushioned with rich, saucy marinara sauce with melted mozzarella cheese & Parmesan?! Dudes and Dudettes- this hit THE spot. . . Now, even though all three sandwiches were beyond delicious, there was one that distinctively stands out. The tantalizing, TUNA MELT!  Perhaps it was the fact that there was no lack of oozing aged Swiss or because the Albacore tuna salad was beyond rich and divine, but the combination of the two simply highlighted this standard diner special to the point beyond oo so ump dittily scrumptious, giving me a lasting euphoria of tuna melt heaven for several hours. . . I swear. This place is the go-to spot for a quick lunch or for a late night post clubbing snack since the place is open 24/7. If you haven't tried this place yet, please do yourself a favor and throw that rock off your back and stampede your way to Earls'  because I'm ever so glad that I did.
There's are really good reasons why there are still people waiting in line at 3am clamoring for the delicious sandwiches of Earl at Sandwich, even though I'm sure one reason is the need to wear off alcohol consumption.. . Fairly small and located within the planet hollywood casino, Earl of Sandwich makes an awesome roast beef sandwich that's unlike any other - it's almost a perfect nom nom nomish balance of roast beef, chedder cheese, and horseradish sauce. At 6 bucks, I consider this a really terrific value and would say you could definitely do worse at Subway for that price point.. . I'm glad I listened to my friends about this place and would definitely not mind coming back here again to go for the other sandwiches. In fact, I want to.
What's relatively good after a long night??! Sandwiches! . It is not too heavy, can be as left overs and you can customize! But then again I'm bias and I love sandwiches.. . First off, this joint is 24 hours effin' hours. Well yea, of course, in the city that never sleeps.  And it is in Planet Hollywood, so it is somewhat in the middle area of the strip.. . The menu is not extensive but there some variety. The sandwiches can be hot, as a salad, or as a wrap. They offer soup too!. . Tried the Veggie Sandwich and All American Sandwich - both equally as good. But they load the sandwiches with lots of meat so don't be surprise by the density of it.. . The frozen lemonade is good too. Sugary and sweeeeet.
I rarely ever order a tuna melt (maybe twice in my life), but it sounded tasty at the moment.  And sure enough, it was amazing!  The cheese was perfectly melted onto the tuna.  I would gladly pay double for a sandwich this good.  . . I also ordered a broccoli cheddar soup, which was delicious as well (better than the one at Panera even).  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone because it's so good and so cheap!
After reading the reviews on here, we had to try it for ourselves and I must say Montague: I love you! So yummy! The boyfriend and I ate here and it was delicious! We stayed @ PH Towers and decided to call our order in, a quick walk from the room to Earls (less than 5 min) done! Glad we called it in cause it was super busy! Anyway awesome food and very inexpensive! Go!
Earl of Sandwich has turned into my new must-have go-to place to eat atleast one time during every Vegas weekend!. . Earl's is located conveniently in Planet Hollywood next to the casino in PH's Miracle Mile of shops and restaurants, making it an accessible location 24 hours a day, after a nice walk around the strip or a long night of drinking and dancing at the club!. . It is easy to be intimidated by the long line in front of the sandwich shop, but the line moves cafeteria style and the wait is never long to pay and place your order. There is plenty of seating and tables as well as a few TV's on the walls to watch the game. The wait to sit is never very long either as sandwiches are pretty much fast food!. . Soups start at $3 and sandwiches and salads/wraps are around $6. Plenty of selections on the menu to choose from to suit your tastes and cravings. My personal favorites are the Full Montagu and the Earl's club. The sandwiches are made hot and fresh and everything has always tasted great! I don't even like mustard but the Full Montagu turned me into a big fan! The chicken Caesar salad is delicious as well, with plenty of dressing, croutons, and chicken. . . I make my decisions on what to order easy by grabbing 2 sandwiches and taking one to go! Perfect to eat after getting back to your hotel in the wee hours of the morning or on the long drive back home to So Cal! Just make sure none of your drunk or sober friends get to it before you do!. . Now when are we going to get one of these in LA?
Just got back from a Vegas trip ;)  and the sandwiches here are amazing.  Got the Full Montagu and after a long night of hitting the clubs, this sandwich definitely hit the spot!  So glad it was 24/7!
$6 dollar for delicious hot sandwiches? hell yes!. . Definitely recommend the Montigue & Caribbean Jerk. . Lines move quickly, prices are reasonable, sandwiches are flavorful
Best sandwich in the world. No contest. I love the Full Montague! The roast beef is so juicy and moist and the bread is toasted with an amazing sauce. I simply can't get enough. I had this sandwich for lunch... and came back again 5 hours later for dinner. Their potato salad is creamy and is a perfect companion to the sandwich. If only I could eat this every day... my life would be complete :)
When I am in the mood for a good sandwich- I will drive 20 minutes to get to the strip, struggle with traffic and parking and walk through a casino just to get to Earl of Sandwich.  Prices are good and every sandwich I have had there is fantastic.
A friend told me about this place. Did not hear about the hype until I went to it in one of my many Vegas trips.. . They live up to the hype. The bread is delicious! And they have a lot of options for meat and vegetarians like myself. . . I got a wrap, and that thing was so filling. I had to save it for later. Inexpensive and great food = definitely try it.. . The line is long and the seating is limited, but all worth the tastebuds.
These guys invented the sandwich... which means they must be masters of meat and other toppings in between two pieces of bread! And they do not fail to satisfy one's sandwich craving.  Everything that they have is made daily which guarantees that every bite will be filled with fresh deliciousness.. One new change to Earls is that it is now open 24/7! WHAAA?? Earl's Sandwiches anytime I want?!? That's insane.. But I love it... I forgot the first sandwich I ever tried there, but all I know is that I flew to heaven and came back to sin city with every bite.. The second one that I tried was the Jerk Chicken Sandwich which was just recently and it was amazing. If you're in Vegas and you're near Planet Hollywood.. drop in and have yourself a bite of a;slkjbasldij. :) That's how good it is.. I can't put in real words. What're you waiting for? Go try it... You're wasting time.. Oh wait nvm.. I mentioned it was open 24/7 ;)
BEST SANDWICH PLACE EVER! the sandwhiches here are AMAZING! The Full-Montague, All-American, and Tuna Melt are hot, gooey, and delicious!! Try it for yourself, the price is fairly cheap for its portion, taste, and location. Give it a try, you won't regret it! Ugh, I want one so bad as I'm typing this review....
Bites of these babies are sinister.. . Bomb sandwiches available to you for 24 hours?!?! Can't ask for anything better. It's vegas baby! Hungry people gotta eat and drunk people gotta satisfy! It's one of the only places where you can really get a nice filling meal for cheap!. . My faves are the signature Earl Sandwich (has bacon!) and the Jerk Chicken Sandwich! Both equally yummmmmmmmmmy! Crisp bread, huge flavor in each bite, and moist juices from the meats! There's not much to say except to be sure to stop by when youre in town. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, right?. ;). . OH! and they sell a whole bunch of other things other than sandwiches- kettle chips, yogurt parfaits, cookies, brownies, croissants, and more. Located within Planet Hollywood!
Awesome sandwiches comes in hot, fresh and neatly wrapped.  I had the original and the tuna melt and they're both great!  Not to mention, they'renow open 24/7 so definitely a great place to stop by when you need something quick, hot and delicious.
This place rules! We walked by and saw a huge line one day. We already had plans to eat elsewhere so we made sure to come back the next day and boy, we were not disappointed. I ordered the Cobb Wrap and it was so good. The kind of food that makes you say "Mmmm" out loud when you eat it. We also shared a moon pie for dessert and it was the perfect finish. . . I only wish we had a franchise of this place in Seattle! The best wrap I have ever eaten and the prices are a steal. Highly recommended.
I would have totally taken a sandwich back home, if I knew that it would make it all the way back to Los Angeles okay. But for reals, this place is super good! I got the club sandwich, and the turkey wasn't dry, and it tasted so good, with a little bit of dijon mustard. . . My friend got the Hawaiian, and my other friend got the club as well. . . Earl's I will be back, and I will bring everyone I know, because this sandwich place is probably the best sandwich I've had in a long time! :)
Oh Earl, how my mouth waters for you.  Your Full Montagu was quite delicious.  Your bread was tasty and ever so delectably toasted.  . . Don't even get me started about your ice cream sandwich--it's the best I've ever had!. . I resent the fact that you are not here with me in Southern California. . . :(
BEST SANDWICH SHOP IN VEGAS.  I will own that statement.. . This place is always busy-- day and night, because their food is fantastic.  They are open late, and are quick to serve.  . Last time I was here I had the Caprese Sandwich.  The flavor is always good, their food is always fresh.  Every time I step foot into this place... I know that I will be pleasantly surprised by excellent food.  . . Earl Sandwich, I have no words except to try it for yourself.  You won't be disappointed.
BEST TASTING CHEAP FOOD!. . great sandwiches! I recommend the vegetarian and the turkey! YUM! . . the tea is delicious!!! (i've also had the Palm Arnie) . . There desserts are pretty impressive and the yogurt parfaits are to die for!. . chips and apples also available!. . IF YOU ARE IN VEGAS ON A BUDGET, EAT HERE!!!
The moment this name of this place enters my mind, I reminisce about delicious hot sandwiches BAKED TO PERFECTION and with the PERFECT crust, right out of the over so delish and with cheeses just melting in your mouthhh.....uhhh I think I am having one of those moments as I write this review.  I wished they had a location in L.A.  I would make this my spot, because it hits the spot.  It really does.  In fact, it is THE SPOT after clubbing, and on weekends you'll find a ton of young people in line at this spot waiting to grab their hot delish sandwiches at a very very good price. It's like 6 bucks a sandwich.  Can't ask for more....5 stars.. . Oh yeah...all the sandwiches are good, but if it's your first time, I'd recommend the Earl's Club.
Hands down best sandwich I have ever eaten. My mouth is watering just thinking about it while writing this. I cannot wait to come back to Vegas even if it is just for a sandwich. mmmmm...
Eat It or Beat It?. **EAT IT!!**. . Earl isn't just great for when you're still drunk at 3am with hardcore drunchies... it's actually seriously freekn' good! With prices at $6 a sandwich and 15+ choices to choose from, all of which are priced the same, you can't complain! OK, I get it, Subway has $5 footlongs, but EOS is top notch. First of all, the bread... the bread, bread, bread... it is soooo amazing: soft with a lil crunch and a whole lotta mmm, mmm!. . If you're a newb, start with the original! In fact, the original IS my favorite! . Last time I was in Vegas, I brought home 10 sandwiches back home for friends and family to try, and after sitting in the car for 4 hours... it still tasted amazing! . . CONCLUSION:. Eat it! Whether you're sober, buzzed, drunk, or because you just want to eat, EAT ITTTTTTT!
EARL'S IS THE SHIIIIIIT!. . All the sandwiches are delicious, but I'd recommend you get yourself The Original with potato salad and maybe a cookie. YUM.. . When I stay at Planet Hollywood, this place is DANGEROUS for my friends and I. We find ourselves getting drunk and eating here for lunch, dinner, AND sometimes after the club!!! Now that I think about it, that's kinda ridiculous, huh? OH well, I'm not ashamed... I love Earl's and I'm proud of it! . . -- the line gets ridiculously long during lunch-dinner hours. Expect to wait a bit, but no worries..it's worth the wait :).
very good, open 24-7 which is worth a extra star in vegas
Is it bad to go here twice within 12 hours?. . Well the last time was like 4 in 24 hours. Shush. I was HUNGRY. When i got there, after the pool, then for dinner, then late nigh after the club. Gosh. . . This time it was after the pool and after the club.. . I got tuna melt both times. OMG that was so juicy and cheesy i am drooling just thinking about it.. . the second time i waited in a really long line at 4am. WORTH IT.
Honestly, this is probably one of the best things I ate in Vegas. Not sure if that's a sad statement or a good one, but really it was. Came here for a late night dinner, recommended by my brother, and I am a sandwich queen. As soon as you walk into PH, near the Pink's entrance, you'll see it. Can't miss it. Even at 11 PM, there were quite a few people there, and in line. Looking at the huge menu, I was set on my usual, Turkey Club, although the Caprese was tempting (my other usual). You order, given a receipt, and walk down the line to get drinks/chips/cookies and to pay. Given a buzzer, and shortly after, chow down! There's a ton of workers here, like an assembly line, so it's super quick. Nice and toasty, with its own sticker on top reminding you of what sandwich you ordered, it's super delicious. Tons of meat, enough veggies (not a whole lot), but the best part is the bread! Reminds me of a soft ciabbata. My friend got the jerk chicken which was really good as well. I like the sauce my sandwich came with as well. Open 24 hours and $5.99 for any sandwich!
Delicious! Once I read about this place I knew I had to try it the next time I was in Vegas and it didn't dissapoint.  I had the Montague and it was thick, warm, and oh so good.  I was hoping to go back on my final night there, but my big lunch was still present so sadly I didn't get to, but it's now on my list of go-to-cheap places to eat at in Vegas.
BEST SANDWICHES EVERRR.. . Going to Vegas with my best friend for the first time as 21 year olds (oh heeeeyy), we didn't only anticipate gambling and drinking, but mostly where to eat!! This was number one on our list, especially since we stayed at Planet Hollywood. . . What I love most about their sandwiches is the BREAD. It's so light and soo yummy. I've tried the Earl's Club, The Full Montagu, Tuna Melt (surprisingly super good, and I'm not even a fan of tuna!), and the Italian. Personal fave: The Italian. Such good sandwiches. You have no idea until you actually try them. And they're cheap, too!! Can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here again :)
Really Yummylicious!! . . We stumbled upon the one in Planet Hollywood / miracle Miles Shop because it was too late for any buffet (wynn is my favsies) and we didn't wanna go eat at pf changs or any of the other expensive restaurants, so we stopped by earl's. I had heard about the franchise before, good things but didn't know that it was AMAZING!! The sandwiches were great. . . I got the Hawaiian Sandwich, and it was light and so good! I love the onions that they put in it, and they also put in fresh pineapples as well. The sauce was just right (i like it slightly drenched) and the meat was perfect, not too much and not too little!! I'm also a BIG BREAD person, and the bread they had was AMAZINGLY CRUNCHY. I loved it.. . Highly highly recommend! Not too expensive, Definitely worth the price.
super awesome! my perfect sandwich.
The BEST value in Vegas eats.. . For about $7, you get this awesomely flavorful hot sandwich that is baked pretty fast - except for the always crowded line.  My recommendation during peak hours: call-in ahead or order online for pickup.  You can bypass the line and spend that precious time engaged in other shenanigans.. . Favorite sandwich: The Montague.. Most plain and mundane: The Earl Original.  (Live a little - try something new!)
Had no idea a sandwich could be so delicious! Seriously awesome!
Everytime I'm in Vegas, I HAVE to go to Earl of Sandwich or I'll just die!!!! I've always gotten the Montague and its a party in my mouth everytime  without fail.  My favorite sandwich in the whole wide wonderful world! . . Wish I could give this place 10 stars!
I'm so glad I ate here! My brother, mom, and I were looking around frantically trying to get something decent to eat and honestly we were skeptical.. . However, skeptics - there is a reason why this place has 1000+ reviews: their hot sandwiches taste AMAZING.. . If you are a bread person: YOU MUST EAT HERE. 5.99 for a 6inchish sandwich. A hungry man will be satiated with one, very satisfied with one and a half and a little OD with two.. . Pro:. - wait only around 15 mins for the line and to get your food. This beats any buffet line :). - Their. Bread. Is. Soo. Soft yet slightly firm and made to perfection. It made me so. happy.. - If in doubt, get THE FULL MONTAGU. It tasted the best out of the 4 we got. The Earl's club was really good too...if you like bacon :). . Cons:. - The original was kind of too plain. Imagine just meat and cheese...yeahhh no thanks.. - It could be a little confusing to find if you dont know that it's actually inside the hotel/casino. Guess how often we circled around!. . Would I come again in the future? HECK YES.
i'm bad at the vegas thing. the clubs, the dressing slutty, the staying up, the drinking till i puke, the blacking out... i can't do it. i hate standing there in clubs wishing i didn't have some random person all up on me and wished i could walk from one part of the club to the other. and i hate going to buffets and standing in lines to get sometimes mediocre food because... i'm not TRYING to eat my weights worth of food. which i do anyway.... . i hate following the crowd. but let me tell you... it is just that good. i don't go to vegas much, but i have friends that are there quite often. and every single time, they have pictures with this delicious looking warm sandwich that looks like it would melt in my mouth.. . and boy did it melt. it's $5.99 per sandwich. and for the overpriced vegas food, this is a pleasant surprise. i ordered the montagu and the italian at 8 in the morning after a good 10 hours of sleep (told you i'm bad at the vegas thing)  i wanted it to be good especially because i wasn't drunk or hungover or just trying to gain calories. i REALLY wanted to eat here.. . and i have no regrets. they take par-baked or raw bread dough, put all the goodness of the meat and whatever else, and run it through the oven. not only does the cheese melt and not only is the sandwich warm, but the bread is pretty much being baked while it's going through the oven. so you have FRESHLY baked bread with a good load of meat, and if the recipe calls for it, lettuce and tomatoes. it takes maybe 5 minutes. . . effective sandwich place with good taste and quick service. if i ever come to las vegas again, earl of sandwich, i am your best friend.
I visited Earl of Sandwich again because it's become pretty much a routine stop for me whenever I go to Vegas.  How can you really resist a $6 sandwich on the strip which is available at any time of the day?. . This time I decided to try their Italian - (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=V-B0qTxJLuV3PHECKwuAuw).  It's got Salami, Capicola, Roasted Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomatoes.  It's a pretty good sandwich but I wouldn't say it's my favorite.  That honor still belongs to the Original 1762.. . Always open and always dependable you can never go wrong with Earl of Sandwich.
I'm finally reviewing Earls. Yes it's that good. Yes it's a must for every Vegas trip. This time I stayed at PH which translates to Earl of Sandwich TID x 3d or something close to that. So far I tried:. The Original- good, little salty. The Full Montagu- meaty, yummy. Cannonballs- great when hot, I do like my balls of meat! . Caprese- pretty good for a vege option cuz I got it twice! . Italian-super meaty, bit salty . Holiday Turkey Sandwich- i can't remember... . Pasta Salad- ok. . . Earl's is also a good spot for people watching. Witnessed a late late night fight on the mall side between 3 women, 1 man, with a dozen or so spectators with camera phones in hand. Heels were off, purses were flying, people were angry. And no security in sight. Wasn't sure who would win, but I'll always put my money on Earl's. You can't go wrong.
I thought maybe I love Earl's Sandwiches so much because... everything tastes better at 4am in Vegas. But I ate it for dinner at a reasonable time (7pm) and.... better than ever!. I've tried most of the sandwiches but my favorite is the Montague and the Original. . The bread is nice and toasted. They give a good proportion of meat..not too much and not too little. . I've visited Earl of Sandwiches during every Vegas trip so far... won't break that streak!
It was good I tells ya.. I had the full Montague and added smoked bacon because I was on vacay and I felt that the desire to not care about getting fat was okay.. Anyway, I appreciate that they baked their breads so it doesn't leave that grease-lubed fingers with a side of greasy-fried-chicken-lip-glossy lips. While eating the sandwich, I can't help but feel how light-tasting it was even with the bacon. I took a bite of my friend's Earl Club with the thousand island dressing and it was exceptional as well. I guess next time I'll order my full Montague with smoked bacon and thousand island dressing since most likely the next time I come here, I'll be on vacay again..
First and foremost, THANK YOU to Yelpers Michelle "Shell" B. and Bubba N. for suggesting this place to me!. . My brothers, friend, and I went for our first lunch in Vegas. After a ridiculously laborious trip from Downtown to Planet Hollywood, we were there. Another few minutes were spent navigating the maze that is PH to the Earl of Sandwich, and alas it was time for lunch!. The line itself was scary, but went by in a flash. A line that could have easily taken 45 minutes took maybe ten. The girl taking our orders was nice, but not much in the way of conversation or greeting. She did, however, keep that line moving.. The sandwich selection was plentiful, but not so much that it was overwhelming. There were a few treats to look at as the line made it's way down the counter to the registers (chips, fruit, drinks, cookies, etc.).. I went with the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. It was delicious! My only gripe was that the jerk sauce wasn't as sweet of as spicy as I would have like, but it will not stop me from ordering it again. The bell peppers and banana peppers were excellent!. My brother and my friend each got the Hawaiian and holy crap was it good! Ham, barbeque sauce, and pineapple make this sandwich shine, it was definitely the best of them all.. My other brother got the Full Montagu and it was the least favored. All in all, it was a good sandwich. It had roast beef, turkey, cheddar, swiss, and veggies. Our problem with this one was that it was a typical sandwich. Compared to similar sandwiches from other restaurants, this one is far better but there was nothing about this one that stuck out or made it special like the other sandwiches.. . I'm glad I found this place, I'll definitely be back!!!
AMAZING! Hard to beat Earl of Sandwiches. Had the original for the first time and it was great! tender meat, lightly toasted, crunchy bread with just the right amount of condiments. Just order it, you'll understand after.
It's easy to see why the Earl of Sandwich has made a name for itself in Vegas. Although it constantly sports a long line, the Earl is one of the cheapest, filling meals you can grab in the City of Sin (short of trekking to one of the over-franchised food court locations). Compared to food around the world, the Earl wouldn't earn a full five stars. But when you take into account that you're on the strip, probably some degree of hungover or drunk, and looking to save your money for alcohol, gambling, and female escorts, it's probably one of your best bet in the area.. . I enjoyed my sandwich much more than my other dining companions seemed to enjoy theirs, but then again, I went with their "famous hot sandwich" - The Original 1762. It sports a huge pile of roast beef, sharp cheddar, and plenty of creamy horseradish sawwce.. . The Earl is open 24 hours. I don't usually crave sandwiches at 4 in the morning in Vegas. But when I do, I make sure it's an Earl of Sandwich.
Luckily, I was staying at Planet Hollywood Towers and this place was right there n given the rave reviews on yelp n a friend's recommendation, we tried out this sandwich place. WOW! what amazing sandwiches! I got the Carribean Jerk chicken sandwich n my wife got a veggie, both were out of this world! This is the best sandwich place ever!!
Best sandwiches in Las Vegas and very reasonably priced.. . It's a walk-up, almost "cafeteria style"kind of place where they make the sandwiches to order, then give you an empty cup to fill yourself.  So no servers or anything.  The staff there is OK/pleasant, but nothing special.  Food comes up within a couple of minutes so you could take it back to room or something...  but there are usually a couple of empty tables right there (people don't really "linger" as it's just not that kind of place).. . But prices and good food get it 5 stars.  Pretty decent people watching as everyone strolls thru "Miracle Mile" shopping center right next to tables.. . All indoors with "adequate" amount of seating.  This isn't anything fancy for date night, just a good place to get lunch in the middle of "south strip".. . Also - I ASSUME you're on foot.  The closest parking would be ridiculously far away and, really, who's dumb enough to drive down to the Strip just for a sandwich?. . AND OPEN 24 HOURS!!!!  YES!!!! They do serve "breakfast" type sandwiches (with egg) around the 7am - 11am time frame that are pretty good.  It would be much better if they had them AFTER 11am for those of us running with a little later in the evening/wake-up times.
I do not leave Vegas without one of their sandwiches. Although the line can be ridiculously long, it's never that long of a wait... I maybe waited 10 minutes in line and another 10 minutes for my sandwich. Although that may seem like a long wait for a simple sandwich, it is definitely worth it!. . My most recent trip to Vegas, I finally had my long awaited Earl of Sandwich craving fulfilled and it was so much better than I remembered it. I'm usually let down a lot of the times when I have such intense cravings, but I was more than happy with my order.. . Can't wait for my next Vegas trip!
They forgot about my order and I had to remind them: don't care. There was a huge line: it went really fast and we were even able to snag seats. My good girlfriend and I were going to split two different sandwiches, but it was too hard, the Thanksgiving sandwich sounded too bomb, and it was! One of the top 5 sandwiches of my life. I could eat it every day and be happy.. . Imagine...Moist stuffing, turkey, mostly sweet cranberries, rich thick gravy, and a little mayo nestled into two toasted pieces of bread. To end it all, the Godiva brownie ice cream sandwich with large chocolate chunks. I don't think I can go to Vegas again without eating here I was so embarrassing, I even ate the sandwich cold on the way home and loved every minute of it. It's a good thing it's a 5 hour drive...
Holy bejeezus, this place was deeelicious. It doesn't matter WHICH sandwich you get, or WHICH salad you order... it's ALL so good.. . I'm so sad that there isn't an Earl of Sandwich in California! I KNOW Cali would dig this joint.
Holy earl sandwich batman.. Just got back from 3 visits to this joint. I mean, 4 days in Vegas.. Great great food. People talked about long lines in previous reviews, I never saw 1. But then again, all 3 times I went, it was about 2am.. Doesn't really matter what sandwich you get, you'll love it.. If they made a seaweed sandwich with snot dressing, it'd probably be enjoyable at this place.. I thought the $5 footlong was a good deal until now.. How bout the $6 earl?. And the best part is, the sportsbook is right next to it. Nice place to eat before you continue to drink yourself into oblivion.. And the yogurt parfaits are pretty dern tasty after a night of drinkin'.. Long live the earl. I eagerly await for 1 to pop up next to every sarbucks in the world.
Love Love Love!!!. . Please, Earl!!! Come to Hawaii!!. . Everytime my husband and I go to Vegas, we MUST eat here on not one, but several occasions. It really is the best hot sandwich!!. . My husband gets something different every time he comes here and every time he has been greatly impressed. This time he got the original and then he got the HOLIDAY TURKEY SANDWICH with turkey, cranberries, and stuffing!! Yes!STUFFING!! If you are reading this and are near to an Earl's, please stop reading and head to Earl's NOW! He thought it was the most delicious thing ever. . . I had the chicken noodle soup which was probably one of the best chicken noodle soups I have ever had (besides yours, Grandma!) and a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Yes, the PB&J is off the kids menu but I was craving it! When it came it was hot! I was skeptical at first of a hot PB&J but it was sooo yummy! I also love all the brownies and cookies at the register and always make sure to grab a couple bags of the BBQ chips. Delish!!. . I can't wait to go back to Earl's one day. Until we meet again, Earl!!
Probably the best place to eat at the dead of night in Las Vegas. Cheap sandwiches ($6-7) and open 24 hours.. . Nothing really bad to say. Drunk food or sober food, both great and at any time of the day.
I almost gave up when I saw the line but it moved quick.. . Saw the relatively little sandwich and almost gave up too. Had the caribbean jerk chicken and my friend had the montague. Delicious. A great deal for the price. But I swear the it's all the warm, toasty, soft bread. The bread and the way that make it completely makes this meal. I didn't want to stop eating and we both wanted to keep going back save for trying other places.. . It's going to be a stop every trip from now on. I love the Planet Hollywood location. Near the action with great people watching going on.
I think this is probably the best sandwich I had in my life. The original roast beef is so  good. How come there are no Earl of Sandwiches in California???!!! Someone should definitely open one up already.
I'm almost moved to tears when I can eat here.. . I just order the original.
24 Hours HOT SPOT for a quick fix sandwich. . . Each sandwich are made to order and Bake perfectly. Blow my taste-buds away. !. . YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE. =)
ive stayed at Planet Hollywood twice this year and each time i make it a point to hit up this place. hands down best sandwich ive ever had. i just wish and pray one will open in Southern California soon!!
Delicious sandwiches. I tried it before when my sister took some to go and didn't think it was anything crazy good or anything. I dont know if it's because I was drunk when i tried it or if it wasn't fresh. o_O haha.. but this time i tried it from the restaurant itself... and boy.. it was delicious! i think it does taste best fresh though. its so yummy. me and my friends were all trying each others sandwiches and each and every one of them tasted sooo good. the best part is it's surprisingly cheap! i expected to be paying at least $9 dollars for the sandwiches but they were like $5.95 or something. SO reasonable! especially for vegas! i'll definitelybe back. =)
Get the TUNA MELT, but tell them to use MOZZARELLA CHEESE instead of Swiss cheese. :-)
i have had Earl's sandwiches at all hours of the day...  in all sorts of different states of mind. and regardless of whatever I'm feeling at that moment, the sandwiches never fail to send me to taste bud heaven. depending on your state, the size of the sandwich satisfies any type of craving possible. It could be the perfect portion (late night drunk munchies status), or even way too much (sober lunch/dinner, when you are thinking logically and decide not to stuff yourself by saving the other half for late night snackage). prices are super reasonable (about $6 per sandwich), and the selection is huge!. . the eating area is located at the edge of the casino area. it's far enough so that customers can avoid the smell of smoke and loud cheers, but it is also close enough so you are able to keep a watchful (and rather entertained) eye on your belligerent friends who insist on playing poker drunk. (or vice versa... both ways work :D). . no matter the distance the hotel happens to be to PH, i ALWAYS make a trip to Earl's. definitely worth it!
YUM. 24 HOURS!!! Hot sandwiches, bread was good, decently priced. You can't go wrong here. Next time I'm having drunk munchies, I'll be coming here. They have different and unique sandwiches. Would definitely recommend!
Honestly the best sandwich I have ever had.  The bread was soft and delish.  I had the Italian and hubby got a turkey.  We both loved our sandwiches!  I am bummed that we found this place on our last day there because I would have gone back.  It was quick take otu service and we were able to eat right there to enjoy the sights.  Mmmmmm wish we had these back home!
Been 3 times. Got "cannonballs!" each time. It's basically a meat sandwich but it's definite not your average. I wish I had one right now. Do yourself a favor and get it.
SIMPLY DIVINE. THE best bread ever and its always perfectly toasted! The holiday stuffing sandwich is off the walls amazing. All kinds of yummy. I ate two in a 6 hour period.. And then I bought another one to pack for the carride home. I would fly to vegas just to eat here. . Also, 24 hours which is VERY clutch. Even when theres a long line, it moves fast and your tummy will be happily satiated :)
Oh Earl... how I love you... let me count the ways... the tuna melt, the jerk chicken, the soups... I love everything about you.. . This is one of my fave stops when we come to Vegas.  I only wish they would open one in Phoenix.  . . BEST sandwiches EVER.  That is all.
I went down to this place with a group of 5 friends and each person was raving about how awesome their sandwich was!  Everything was fresh and had that homemade goodness to it.  Price was great as well!  . . The holiday turkey sandwich was winners
Best sandwich I've ever had! Great pricing!!! Love this place!!
Im not much of a sandwich fan and I was hungover. When youre dehydrated and feeling like poopoo.... you know what the last food I crave is? Sandwiches. Blech.. . My friend wanted to eat this and I figured I might as well give in. Not like I couldve enjoyed any other food in my condition... I looked over the menu and chose the Full Montagu. Cheese, Roast Beef, Turkey................ heaven.. . Easily the best sandwich Ive ever had. Its even better when you add some mayo... but damn, I think it cured my hangover it was so good! This was my favorite meal in Vegas and it was obvious because I ended up eating 5 sandwiches within 36hrs. . . The two negatives to Earls:. . 1 - Cannonballs (meatball sub) wasnt very good. Well, it was good, but only for the first couple bites and got sickening really fast.. . 2 - I gained 3lbs on this trip.
I ate here by accident, tagging along with a friend, but I am glad I did.  I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and tried some of my boyfriend's Full Montagu.  Although the Full Montagu was good (my boyfriend loved it), I thought the Caribbean Jerk Chicken was OMG delicious.  I should've prefaced this with the fact that I LOVE sour stuff, which is part of the reason why this sandwich was so good.  The flavors of the chicken and sauce was complimented perfectly by the tartness of the banana peppers.
I don't care how long the wait is for this place...I cannot resist their Carribean Jerk...nomnoms!! After a long night of partying and boozin', this place hits the spot AND it's affordable. . Say whaa? I know right? . If you're in Vegas...GO NOW.
For how long their line looks, they are Fast. Delicious. Cheap.
This is a MUST every time I go to Vegas.  Lines can get pretty long during peak meal times, but it is worth the wait (although the line goes fast).  We got the original and the BLT (the first BLT on the menu - there's 2 different BLT sandwiches) and the tomato and loaded potato soup.  WOW, it was soooo good.  I couldn't finish my sandwich so I saved it and ate it a few hours later and it was just as good then.  If you haven't tried, you MUST.  Plus, the prices are wallet-friendly.
Cheap and good.  Everything on the damn menu.  I really thought there was nothing in Las Vegas that would possibly fall under both categories, but I was wrong.  At first, I thought Ellis Island would be the only place to go for late night munchies for their five dollar steak and eggs, but now that I've tried Earl's, I can say that this place is just as tasty and worth every penny.  Service is ridiculously fast; they have a full blown sandwich assembly line going, and there is ample seating area in and around.  Come here after a night of clubbing if you wanna observe some funny drunks.. . PROTIP:  Try their kettle chips; goes with the sandwich perfectly.
yummy!!!!---
It was 3am and 5 people were in line, we decided to get some food in our system, especially since we've been wanting to try one of these sandwiches, but the line had been 30 people deep each time we've passed by previously. So we split a 6 inch Full Montague sandwich, toasted perfectly. It was a fantastic deal in Vegas...finding GOOD food under $7 at a casino??? By timewe got our sandwich and sat down, the line was again 30 people deep...at 3 in the morning! I'd also suggest splurging on the brownie sandwich for dessert ;)
I had the Earl, sweet potato fries (comes with apple sauce?), shoe string fries, and something with chicken and bellpeppers (comes with this amazing herb-y sauce). And a coke.. . Good:. + Food: So good. Everything I tried was so good. I need to try more. Also, the drinks are a self-serve station (meaning free refills yay!).      + The bread was the perfect amount of chewy, soft, crunchy, and flavorful. The cheese was ooey-gooey melty goodness.  The flavors that came all together was just amazing.. + Price: I don't remember. All I remember is that it's worth it. I think I ate this for "breakfast" (at 2pm) and "dinner" (at 2am).. . Bad:. - Lines are HUGE for this place. Why? Because it's sooooooo good.. - Lots of seats, but lots of people = limited seating areas. However, this IS a sandwich place after all, so you can just eat it on the go!. - Limited locations of this particular sandwich place.  It's a must if you're in Vegas!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE Earl of Sandwich. Especially since now,everytime I go to Vegas, I only want to stay at Planet Hollywood Towers. Their sandwiches really delicious and they hit the spot after a late night of partying. My favorite sandwich though - The Turkey Holiday. It's turkey with stuffing and cranberry. AMAZING. I don't know if they still have it, but if they do.. everyone should try it! But, all of the other sandwiches are just as good!
This isn't just a great sandwich, it's a great affordable sandwich on Vegas strip. Where else can you get something like this for under $10 on the strip that's THIS good? . . Sometimes even I get sick of buffets and steak&eggs. I've turned this into a must-go on every Vegas trip. I've tried several different sandwiches and have never been let down. My favorite at the moment is the Tuna Melt, even though I have to look past how fatty the sandwich is. Their tomato soup is nice and light, a great compliment to the sandwich. . . I highly recommend stopping at Earls. I crave their sandwiches when I haven't been to Vegas in a while.
Top knotch. World Class. Amazing sandwiches and prices are very good. 24 hour availability makes it all the rage! If you on the strip go out of your way to check it out!
This place is awesome!  Visited the PH location and ordered the thanksgiving dinner sandwich.  It was amazing.  The stuffing tasted like it had a little too much chicken bullion cooked into it, but the cranberry and dressing helped cut down the flavor.  My girlfriend only ate half of hers, so I got to have her turkey sandwich as well.  I will stop by again, maybe multiple times due to the great sandwiches and cheap price.
BEST sandwiches in VEGAS! Put into consideration that practically everything in Sin City is super pricey, their sandwiches are priced really well! at approx. $6-7 for each. . . After a long night of dancing and drinking, got the munchies for something nice and warm and one of the girls thought about Earl's Sandwich. So we made a pit stop there and gave it a try (it was my first time ever trying it) We had to to-go it back for the hotel since everyone was tired. When I finally got the chance to eat it, it was still warm, but not as crispy as it would have been if we were able to eat it right there when we got it. Imagine how much better that would have been?! OMG.. deliciousness on overdrive!! I got the Caribbean Jerk and wow... it's hard to even describe even on here, just go and get it yourself and find out how YUMMY it is!! :)
Rating: 4.5 stars. . People have been RAVING about Earl's since the car ride over to my hotel. And it is that good. Why is it not 5 stars? Because I had something really similar in Korea, and it was better there :[ haha. . Convenient to order, easy to customize I guess (if you're picky about condiments and stuff). I had the Earl Club Sandwich; it was so good, typical insides.. I think it was turkey + bacon + condiments. My friends tried the Holiday Turkey Sandwich; it is THANKSGIVING IN YO MOUF. Seriously; turkey, cranberry sauce, gravy. I really like how they slightly toast your buns.. I also wish they could be bigger, but oh well. My girl friends and I ate half before pregaming and ate the 2nd half after clubbing LOL so it was practically like 2 meals! Wow! . . It's located in the Miracle Mile shopping center which was right next to where I stayed. Yay for convenient locations and delicious food!
I love this sandwich place. It's  simple, delicious, and doesn't make big damages to your bank account...esp after you've been gambling away your money in Vegas.. . The sandwiches are hot and full of flavor. I had their club--minus a few condiments..and it was yummy.  Perfect sized as well--but if your'e a hungry eater, you might want to add a soup or one of their specialized baked goods. However, I've never tried either.... . Definitely a place to hit up--one of the great (cheaper) eats in Vegas.
Food is good and affordable. . Most of all, I have wifi signal.
Hot sandwiches for under $10, open 24/7, and fast service!! So far I've had the Carribean Jerk and the Earl's Club.. both were awesome. I've heard The Original is the best or was it the BLT?.. Anyways both are next on my list next time I'm in Vegas.
I don't know, its a sanwich. . . Cheap eats in Vegas; about $6 for a bomb diggitty sandwich. I got the full montagu because everyone on yelp said it was good. no kidding. it was goooood :] Heck, its even good after a 4 hour drive back home to california. Just pop it into the oven and heat it up for 3 mins and bam! youre back to Earls!. . Located in Planet Hollywood hotel. Didn't wait that long and I heard the line can get ridiculous. Its open 24/7 so its a good place to go after a long night at the club (unless youre already gone...then you can eat it the next day when you wake up)
Holiday Turkey sandwich. Best thing ever!!!! I hate the fact that this is seasonal. It's Thanksgiving Day right now... & I couldn't care less about what I'll be eating in a few hours because all I want to do right now is to go back to Vegas and buy 100 of these Holiday sandwiches and freeze them because YES, it was THAAAAAT GOOD.. . Turkey - goooooood. Stuffing - goooooood, Gravy - yummmmmmm, and top it off with Cranberry sauce - OMG ... I die and go to food heaven. . . If you're in Vegas, I'm jealous. Eat this now.
Best effing sandwich of my lifeeeeee. And that's not just the drunchies talking because I had it for lunch another day too.... . Yes this place is so perfect that I ate here 2/3 days in Vegas. I know the 1500+ reviews already speak for themselves but I feel compelled to write a review because it's that delicious!!!. . To be honest I only had the Holiday Turkey Special so I didn't try the normal ones but OMG. Turkey, stuffing, gravy, cranberry sauce, seasoned mayo, all between two perfectly toasted pieces of bread. HEAVEN. I should've been more daring but I just loved this sandwich so much I didn't want to try anything else. I think I could live on this.... ultimate thanksgiving sandwich. . . Good at both 3am and 1pm, or any other time for that matter since it's 24/7!! I also got the loaded potato soup which was decent, but their forte is obviously their sandwiches. When most other decent meals in Vegas are at least $10, Earl of Sandwich shines through at a reasonable price of $5.99.... salivating as I write this.. . On behalf of all my friends, the next time you're in Vegas, you MUST stop here, whether it's at 4am after a night of clubbing or for an orgasmic lunch/dinner-- heck, even breakfast!!!
Earl of Sandwich is not overrated at all. It lives up to all the positive comments. I've only been here once but I'm sure everything is just as delicious and fresh as the club sandwich I ordered. Wish they had more locations..
BEST SANDWICH Evvvveeeerr!!  Hot damn, this place is good!  And it's open late - I would give 10 stars if I could.  Not only is it a cheap option on the strip for lunch and late night, but it's also original and serves alcohol!  Sold!. . I have had my experiences with good sandwiches (potbelly, jason's deli), but Earl's Sandwich is a home run - I will def be back and I will def recommend them.  I had the turkey something and I think I inhaled that sucker - bread has the right crunch and toastiness and all the fixin's are just right.  Yep, I'm a fan and will be a repeat customer fo sho!
I got suckered into an impromptu one nighter in Vegas. I agreed to go because I knew I would stay at Planet Hollywood.....which meant sandwiches! Yes, I wholeheartedly admit I only went for the Full Montagu. Ate one when I got there, ate one at 5am and bought 4 to-go before checking out. . . Im disgusting. But the sandwiches here are so good, I really dont care.
They have the best caprese sandwich ever.. . The bread is warm and toasted. . . Then you're met with the cool Balsamic dressing.. . Mix that with some tomatoes and mozzarella.. . SOOOOO GOOOOOODDDDD!!!!. . SO GOOOD AND CHEAP I ATE HERE 3 times during my 2 day stay. . . Yum!!!
Everything has already been said. Best deal on the strip and open late.
I make a point to hit this place whenever I'm in Vegas. It's located in Planet Hollywood and I will even make a trek on foot from the other end of the strip if I have to just to enjoy their fresh, delicious, tasty sandwiches. . . All of their hot sandwiches are good but my personal favorite and go-to choice is the The Full Montagu-Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. This is the sandwich that got me hooked. It's warm, the meat is flavorful, the veggies are fresh, the seasoning is delicious, and the portion is just right.. . As an added bonus, Earl of Sandwich in Vegas is open 24 hours! Perfect for Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner. . . I wish there was a location in Socal.
This place is BOMB. . We were recommended by a friend to try this place out and once we saw it, we checked yelp for their reviews and said BINGO this it!. . I don't know what their secret is but their sandwiches are delicious! . I had the italian sandwich (which I HIGHLY recommend), and Nina H. had the Earl sandwich or something like that.. we both enjoyed our sandwich very much and it wasn't bcuz we were starving children. (We practically drank more than we ate in Vegas.) But honestly, how satisfied and happy I was after I was done with my sandwich would probably measure up to if I was to win the jackpot. . We need sandwiches like these in Hawaii!!. . . Note* a bottle water is $2.50... that is ridiculous. Go find an ABC store or just get one from the casino.
Best comforting, cheap food in Vegas! I think there are very few cheap food options in Vegas, and even fewer good cheap food options. However, in comes Earl.... . $5.99 for all of their sandwiches. $2.99 for their soups. Open 24 hrs/day.. . Sandwich is freshly made, perfectly toasted, and nice and hot when you get it. It's definitely worth the long waits during lunch rush. I like how you can watch all of the employeesmaking the sandwiches as you wait in line. I tried the Earl's Club last time, and loved it. The Original was good, too, but I wish there veggies in the sandwich as well. . . Chicken noodle soup is a nice snack, but it's a very small bowl. It makes a nice complement to the sandwich, but sandwich is first priority here. Top dog.. . YOU MUST COME HERE.
The Tuna Melt is just a damn good thing!!!  Montague as well.... . Kinda like In-N-Out...when you have a craving...you can't go anywhere else to satisfy it.
This place has the most amazing Sandwiches period!. . There's always a line and it's always packed. The Full Montagu is my favorite. I would stay at planet Hollywood again just for this spot.. . I even had their breakfast sandwiches and they were extremely good too!!!. . They really are the best choice of food on the entire casino floor. Don't forget to also try the Caprese sandwich which was very tasty in its own right.. . If you don't like their sandwiches then believe me you have no taste of food.. . Side note: Opt out of a salad
It is not a good Vegas trip if I don't get to eat here! My favorite is the tuna melt. Sooooo delicious! Sometimes I buy extra to take home back to LA and it still tastes awesome when it's heated up! Yummm.
YUM!!. The English muffin breading is so PERFECT with these lovely sandwiches.. They are toasty, hot, and soft!!! love this place... :D
YUM!  I seeked this place out due to the Yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint.  I had a hard time choosing but ended up going with the Full Montagu and a Caprese Salad.  Both were excellent and reasonably priced, especially for being in a resort on the Vegas Strip.  Iwill return!
5 stars for being the only reasonably priced food in Vegas. PLUS they are open 24 hours. Hot sandwiches anytime!. . They are located inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel where we were staying for the weekend. This made it the perfect place to get a quick bite to eat whenever we wanted!
I'm positive I don't have anything new to add to the conversation, but this was the best, cheapest meal we had on our 4 day trip in Vegas.. . We arrived right at lunchtime and the line was long but it moved fast and we were able to find seats in the seating area. . . I will be fantasizing about that Tuna Melt for some time.
I love coming here for food. Sandwiches (full montague mm...) are too die for (especially while drinking) and even the salads and fruit parfaits are good! Best of all is that its 24 hours! That bumped it up from 4 to 5 stars! . . PS: Just to clarify, the sandwiches melt in your mouth...juicy, cheesy, meaty...yum yum yum!
I am not a big fan of sandwiches but this place blew my mind!! After I finished eating it I wanted more! This is my new must go place from now on when I go to Vegas. The bread is bomb too, and the pricing is reasonable! My new goal is to try every single sandwich from this place and I know I won't be disappointed. :). . Recommendations: Caribbean Jerk Chicken
Delish! Open all day all nite, sells sammiches, drinks, chips, and soup. . . C'mon man, man! You can't complain.. . Yes there's a long line, but it goes by fast. I mean you're in Vegas. Chances are you're with people who you enjoy being around, so waiting in line won't be bad. Suck it up especially if you want a good sammich!. . My friends and I had an ingenious idea. 2 of us ordered 2 different sammiches and split with each other so we can get to taste 2! Genius, pure genius Lloyd.. . I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ and my friend ordered the Holiday Turkey Sandwich. The hawaiian had the sweetness from the pineapple with the smokey taste of barbecue, perfectly cooked. It had a pleasant balance. The holiday turkey was just like Thanksgiving in my mouth! Turkey with cranberry sauce and stuffing! DANG i'm getting hungry just writing this review! Shoot, I think I just sold myself again. . When in vegas.... . try the EARL of SANDWICH!
Oh my gosh this was one of the best parts of Vegas. This has got to be one of the best sandwiches I have ever tasted. Not only are they open 24 hours a day but they are sooooooo good and at such a reasonable price! $5.99 for most of the sandwiches. . . I tried the Full Montague and once i took that first bite I instantly fell in love. The bread is so good and crispy on the outside but super soft on the inside. The sauce they used was unbelievable and the 2 meats and 2 cheese and tomato and lettuce fit perfectly all together. This place was so good that my 2 guy friends that came with me had to get in line again for seconds w/in 10 minutes. . . The only downside is that there is a bit of a line to order but the sandwiches are made right away when you sit down. Seating is also a bit hard to look for but if you just stand around and look at people who are almost finishing you shouldn't have a problem. . . MUST TRY PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!
BOMB. GREAT PRICES GREAT HOT SANDWICHES. always try the holiday sandwiches. Last one I tried was the Thanksgiving sandwich; their was stuffing, turkey, cranberry, mayo, mustard. IT WAS LOVELY. GREAT BANG FOR YOUR BUCK. and its on the strip!
I heard of this place from a friend. Their sandwiches are delicious! Well I've only tried one so I can't speak for all the other sandwiches out there. I have to say the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich is super good though! The bread was crispy, the chicken was tender, and the peppers gave it some heat. Absolutely delicious! It was decently priced too! Only $6 for a sandwich which is pretty cheap for anything in Vegas. I'll definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas!
If you want yummy and amazing hot sandwiches for a cheap price in Las Vegas, Earl of Sandwich is the place to be! . . I have been going to this joint every time I visit Las Vegas because the sandwiches here are one of the best I ever had! The last time we went to Earl of Sandwich, I had the Holiday Turkey Sandwich. That sandwich in itself got me full for only $6 and I was happily satisfied because it has so much flavor and everything you can look for in a Holiday Turkey Sandwich - oven-roasted turkey slices, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayonnaise. I love how my hungry appetite disappeared right away because of this sandwich and my other favorite, the Original 1762.. . It's a very good thing they are open 24 hours, 7 days a week because in times where the hardcore munchies begin right after a night of club hopping, drinking, and dancing, I know that Earl of Sandwich will not disappoint.
This place is SO FREAKING GOOD my friends and I had to stay eat here twice during our stay over the weekend!!. . Every sandwich is $6 which is amazing since it's Vegas, baby!  There is always line but don't let that deter you from trying this out!  It takes 10 minutes maybe even less to stand in line, order and get your food.. . My new goal in life is to try every sandwich here and I definitely see more vegas trips in my future.  So far I can cross off the Caprese, Original 1762 and the Holiday Turkey.  The Caprese consists of mozzarella, tomatoes, basil and drizzled with basalmic vinaigrette!  It was exactly like a Caprese salad in sandwich form.  The Original 1762 has slices of roast beef, cheddar and horseradish sauce.  The horseradish sauce is perfect and really makes the sandwich.  Now last but certainly not least is the Holiday Turkey!  After one bite, I just wanted to make out with that sandwich.  It was a unique thanksgiving sandwich for me because I had never come across one with stuffing before.  And boy did it make a difference.  The stuffing was soaked in gravy and kept the sandwich very moist!  And the turkey, cranberry sauce and seasoned mayo was good as well. But sadly the Holiday Turkey is seasonal and will be offered until January 8th. . . It's open 24 hours so there's no excuse for you not being able to try it!  I have so much love for the buns of the earl of sandwich!
I always come here when I'm in vegas. I'd step over Wynn buffet, Cosmo, or Rio just to come here and get a good, solid sandwich.. . They're open 24 hours too! . . Drunk and feeling hungry at 4am with your fellow buddies? Swing by Planet Hollywood! Feast your eyes and chow down on some delicious good old sandwiches from Earl. . . Some girl left without giving you her number? Chow down at Earl. . . Some dude step on the only pair of dress shoes you had to buy at the last minute just to get into Marquee? Eat your pain away.. . House take all your cash? Eat that depression away. . . Soup, don't forget their freakin awesome tomato soup. . . The tuna melt is my favorite. The full monague second. It's got crack in it.
Ate here way too many times during my last Vegas trip. But they have great hours, fast service and their sanwiches are pretty darn awesome. Go with the Club! That was my favorite. 2nd choice to the Italian, also very good!
Even though theres usually a wait, this place is fast, convenient, and SOOO good! . . 24 hour sandwich place right near Planet Hollywood. I LOVE THIS PLACE. both sober & drunk haha. . I've had the Earl's Club, Full Montagu, and the Tuna Melt(with lettuce!!) and LOVE THEM ALL.. You can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches here, especially since they're only $7 and you get full off one.
I don't usually like sandwiches, but this place is legit! Perfect meal in Vegas... cheap, open late night, and YUMMY! Loved the Caprese and All-American.
I won't repeat what all the other reviews have already said. But I will emphasize their Tuna Melt. Best tuna melt I've ever had.. . Line can get long around 2 a.m. But it goes by quick.
Earls, y u so delicious?. . Overrated? lil bits . $8 for a delicious sandwich on the STRIP? YES. Good for post-clubbing munchies and is $8? YES. Open 24 hours and still $8 YES. Would I continue paying around $8 for a bomb sandwich? YES. Should I order the Hawaiian sandwich for $8 the next time I go? YES. . I came here four times in the last week and a half. I ordered the Hawaiian sandwich four times. YES
Oh Earl of Sandwich... where would we eat without you.  When you are on a Vegas trip with a group of students in their mid-twenties, you will end up at Earl of Sandwich somehow, somewhere.  Located right in the middle of the Miracle Mile shops, this speedy sandwich shop is the cheapest and yummiest meal you will find on the strip.  . . There are a ton of different sandwiches, salads, soups, and wraps that could fill anyone.  The Full Montague is always a hit with the roast beef and turkey all in one sammie.  I think I have tried over half of the sandwiches on the menu and I haven't been unhappy with any of them.  On a recent visit this past weekend I tried their Holiday Turkey sandwich.  It was delicious.  It had turkey, stuffing, cranberry, and gravy!  It was like Thanksgiving in a sandwich.  So SCRUMMY... I think what makes these sandwiches so good is the toasted bread.  The bread is super good.  Fluffy and crispy at the same time.. . I have had multiple friends eat this about 4 times in one weekend.  No joke.  At $6.48 ($5.99 plus tax) per sandwich, this place is a great deal.  Your belly and wallets will be satisfied.  You can go and waste the rest of your money on roulette.
My favorite sandwich place in Vegas.  If you are near Planet Hollywood, I'd recommend getting a sandwich here.  I tried the full montagu which comes with roast beef and turkey and the bread was also really good.  I also really liked the carribean jerk chicken sandwich which was pretty spicy too.  Lines can get pretty long but it moves fast and for a quick bite, this place is awesome and open 24 hours.
Always a long line but what do you expect for a great sandwich for only $6? I usually go here during Thanksgiving for their limited edition Thanksgiving sandwich which includes, turkey, stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce, basically a heart attack. I was actually here during Thanksgiving with the family a couple weeks ago but wasn't able to make my way here so I managed to make another trip right before Christmas and to my surprise, the Thanksgiving Earl of Sandwich was still available, ordered 2, one for now and one for the road. Great place for an anytime sandwich because they're open 24 hours. I've only tried probably 2 or 3 of their sandwiches and all were amazing, if you're looking to avoid the glutton fest at the AYCE's, stop by here at the Miracle Mile Shops.
Best TUNA MELT ever. Lots of good tuna with melted cheese on toasted special bread. It's so good that I can eat it everyday haha. No lie. It's so good that you can have it for every meal. Yes. Go to earls and get this. Earls is open about 24 hours a day I think. If you don't like Tuna, everything else is probably good too like the Club sandwich. The soups are good too with the meal if you want variety. Chicken Noodle is always good after drinking or whatever. The broccoli and cheese is good. The tomato soup is super delicious with the Tuna melt!!!!!! I'm drooling just writing about. Check it out if you have those late night munchies yesss.
Nice to find this place for cheap eats when you don't want McDonalds or the equivalent... this is good food for a reasonable price.  Order at one register then take your receipt to the other side to pay.  Muffins and other baked goods are pretty good too.
Great sandwiches. Toasty, tasty, oowie gooie goodness.
Earl of Sandwich is a must stop spot when visiting Vegas. The sandwiches are freaking delicious. Served on two pieces of warmly toasted foccacia bread, they are to die for. I have tried over 5 different types of sandwiches at Earl's and they are all delicious. The best part is that they are all 5.99, which is great when everything else is Vegas is disgustingly overpriced. Another plus about Earl's is that they are open 24 hours, which means when you are done drinking and gambling for the night, you will definitely be able to enjoy these delicious sandwiches. Not to mention it is one of the best hangover cures. The line sometimes gets pretty long, but their service is very fast and there is no way you will be waiting too long for a sandwich. I would definitely recommend checking out Earl's when you are in Vegas for a delicious cheap eat!
Earl of Sandwich, I love you (& I'm not one to say those three precious words loosely, either). . . Tuna Melt & Earl Club = love at first bite.
This is as good as sandwiches can get! It's definitely a steal for good food at vegas if you don't want to splurge on $$$ restaurants. . . Any of their hot sandwiches are good. I tried a few, including Caribbean Jerk Chicken, Montagu, and Cannonballs, all of which are reallly good!! Definitely eat them when they are hot. . . Also, open 24 hrs so you can come here any time. The only thing is it's hidden at the back of the casino, but it is a hidden gem.
Simply the best sandwich I've ever had hands down. I've been hitting up Earl every time I go to Vegas. It's affordable and delicious and I make it a point to eat here at least twice per Vegas visit. I LOVE YOU EARL OF SANDWICH!
Food:*****. service: *****. price: *****. . O-M-G sandwichesssss!!! If you don't want to cough up 300+ on food then this is your spot! Good food, great prices, and open 24/7!!!!. . This is a must go to every time I visit Vegas... and from the looks of it, it is also everyone else's.
There is a reason why this place always has a long ass line.. . And that, my friends, is all I have to say.
Best deal on the strip. Delicious sandwiches for $6. Hot, fresh, cheap, and fairly quick service. I've tried the 1762, the Full Montagu, and Cannonballs. They are all pretty good but the Full Montagu is definitely the best. The only downside is that the sandwiches are a bit small, but its open 24 hours and its definitely a great snack at an odd hour of the night. And you have the delightful ambiance of the Planet Hollywood on top of all that.
omg!! where have you been all my life!. the sandwiches here are delicious!!. seriously wish they had one in orange county! . bummer!. . a must try:. -MONTAGU. -CARIBBEAN JERK CHICKEN. . long lines but are quick! so no problem!
Their website says "The World's Greatest Hot Sandwich" which is true!  Although I haven't tried sandwiches in other parts of the world yet haha.  It was pretty good!  Yelpers were right on with this place!. . I ordered The Earl's Club (roasted turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and their sauce) and it was perfection!  Bread was crunchy and warm and everything in it was good!  The bf ordered Caribbean Jerk Chicken (grilled chicken, roasted red and banana peppers, and spicy jerk sauce) and he enjoyed it too!  I took a bite out of it and it really was good!  I'm sure the other sandwiches are good too!  I just wish they served fries with it hahaha.  I'd definitely come back here though!  There was definitely a line which proves how good it is so be ready to wait a little bit.
Lunch for breakfast? Hot sandwiches for a late-night snack? Either way, this wicked place is open 24 HOURS! . A must-stop place when you're in Vegas, Earl of Sandwiches always hits the spot for the out-of-towner, the Vegas clubber, the in-between buffet meals hungerer, the easy to-go meal poolside eater---everything you can think of. . . Their hot signature sandwiches are the heart of the menu. As every parent claims they "don't have a favorite child," that is how I feel about Earl of Sandwich! I swear their hot sandwiches are equally delicious. I've tried the Earl's Club, The Original 1762, The Full Montagu and the Caprese Sandwich and love them all. With every bite, the bread is warm, crunchy but soft, cheese is perfectly melted, perfect balance of meat/cheese/veggies. (If I HAD to choose, I like the Earl's Club tad bit more) . . It's really all about their fresh ingredients and TLC they put in their sandwiches. All their hot sandwiches are made to order from scratch using high quality fresh ingredients and served on their own artisan baked loaf and topped with unique sauces and spreads. Their Angus beef is slow roasted in-house and freshly carved.. . Everyone I bring here become instant fans of this place.  One time on a weekend trip to Vegas, I came here 4 times. Yup, it's just THAT good.
Always a lineup and forgood reason. They are as they advertise: world's best hot sandwiches. Seriously nothing like it. They bring sandwich to a whole new level. And considering the prices of most food in Vegas, this is the best way to get a good meal for 2 for under $20.. . This joint is always busy, but the assembly line moves reasonably fast and worth the wait! . . If you've never had an Earl of Sandwich EVER.... you've been missing out! My boyfriend had never tried it before, and even he agrees it's the best sandwich he's ever tasted. Now if only this existed in Canada... I would be a regular, and extremely obese.. . My absolute favourite: Full Montagu - everything good jam packed into a sandwich. All the sandwiches are just as good though, including The Original 1762 and The Earl's Club. Like that there's also a variety of options for salads and snacks, though it's the sandwich that sets it apart.
We stopped here on a whim and we were very pleasantly surprised.  Having ordered the original (roastbeef, cheddar, and horseradish sauce) my wife and I found that the sandwich was perfectly balanced.  That being said if you are accustomed to overeating, and lets face it most Americans are, you might find yourself hungry again a little sooner than expected.
BOMB DOT COM!. . a $6 amazing sandwich at any hour of the day in Vegas? YES PLEASE! You can't beat the price nor the taste. They are so yummy! . . my favorite is the Earl's Club. . enjoy :)
Amongst the ridiculous prices of restaurants in Vegas, this place is truly a gem. As a poor college student cramming a bajillion people in one hotel room trying to save money during a Vegas trip, this place is ppperrrrfect!. . Sandwiches are roughly $6 each here and they have a ridiculous diverse menu. They have two vegetarian options: Caprese & Veggie sandwich. I had both and ended up liking the Caprese more. It was my first time eating Caprese but boy was it AMAZING. Everything was made to perfection from the balsamic vinegar to the bread.. And let me point out that this is probably one of the best aspects about this place: the bread. It's crunch and soft and fresh all at once, no complaint heres!. . The line is kind of long to order but moves really fast. Because this place is so cheap, it's continuously crowded with 20 something year old kids like me trying to find a decent meal for cheap in Vegas. They also have a plethora of baked goods, fruits, yogurt cups, frozen lemonade, you name it!. . Definitely definitely come here if you're in town. It won't disappoint!
All my friends come here when they visit Sin City, so when me and the girlfriends had the opportunity to try it I was all for it. . . Their sandwiches are so good! . . We split the club, holiday turkey, and meatball. They were all really good. . The bread is amazing and the the makings of each sandwich are great at just over $6 a sandwich. . . Perfect for a no fuss quick lunch!
Whenever someone asks me where to go or what to do in Vegas, I always tell them "EARL OF SANDWICH!!"  Forget XS and Marquee.  Forget the Wynn buffet.  Earl of Sandwich is the place to be!!. . No matter where you go in Vegas, there's going to be a wait.  Earl of Sandwich is no exception.  You can come here at any hour in the day and you can expect to see a line.  Good news is, the wait is never more than a couple minutes.  Their service is FAST!  Like the Soup Nazi's restaurant in Seinfeld, you order and move along to the right LOL.. . Picky eater?  No problem!  Their menu selection is GINORMOUS so there's sure to be a hot sandwich calling out your name!  Indecisive?  Make sure to go with a group of friends so you can sample different sandwiches!  From Caprese to Caribbean Jerk Chicken, these hot sandwiches have never disappointed.  For the holiday season this year, they came out with the Holiday Turkey.  Oven roasted turkey with stuffing and cranberry sauce.  GENIUS!!!!. . Writing this review is making my mouth water.  My only complaint about this place is... WHEN ARE WE GOING TO GET AN EARL OF SANDWICH IN SOCAL?!
A New Year and a New Review, so let's make it a great one!. Earl of Sandwich, oh why art thou so delicious? . . Seriously if you're in Las Vegas and just want a snack, you have to try Earl of Sandwich! This was my snack before we hit the Planet Hollywood Buffet. I've tried 4 different sandwiches during my stay at LV. None of them were disappointing. All the sandwiches are warm and melt in your mouth good!. . During my first time here I didn't know what to do so pointer! First look at the menu, decide what you want, order your sandwich/food at the first cashier area. Then walk down the cafeteria-esk counter and pick other goodies you want. Finally pay at the cash register at the end of the counter and they'll give you a buzzer for when your food is ready.. . Yay a new review for a new year for a great place! Yum! ^-^
I'm really, really glad I found this place.  . . The sammiches are among the best I've ever had.  So far, I've tried "The Italian" and "The Original."  Both were great, but "The Italian" was my favorite of the two.  They use quality, fresh ingredients.  And guess what?  You don't have to tell them how to make your sammich!  You only have to tell them what kind of sammich you want.  They do the rest.  When your sammiches are ready, each one is tightly wrapped in a foil wrapper and labeled.  This eliminates the guess work and manhandling of sammiches that can otherwise occur, especially if it's late it in the night (see below).. . The prices are great, especially for a place located in a strip casino (Planet Hollywood).  The sammiches are less than $6.00, and they don't gouge you on the sides or on the drinks.  The tab for two sammiches, two sides, and two fountain drinks was under $20.00.  They serve beer, too, but the selection is limited.  . . Don't be put off by the line you will see some of the time.  They have lots of seats, and they move the line fast.  It is a very efficient operation.  . . I'm pretty sure this place is open 24 hours, which is great after a long night of drinking and whatnot.  If you come here late, you will be joined by lots of other folks grubbing after a night of boozing.  Never before has a sammich tasted so good.  Plus, its fun to watch the other drunks and the goings on in and around the seating area of the restaurant.
My, oh my, what can I say about Earl of Sandwich. . . Not much else can be said about this place because the 1500+ reviews seriously speak for themselves, but this place is amazing and a great value! . . $5.99 for a sandwich!!! WHAT IS THAT?! I tried the Tuna Melt, Full Montague and Meatball. I really, really enjoyed the Tuna Melt. Simple, yet effective! I also tried the Tomato and Brocolli Cheddar Soup. Both were delicious for only $2.99! Soup and sandwich for $9.71!!. . I came here all three days I was in Vegas. That's right. 100% attendance for me at Earl of Sandwich. If only I could say the same thing about my class schedule heheh.. . Anyway, there was always a line when I came, but the line passes by so quickly that you'll be NOMing on your sandwich before you know it. They are so quick to make the orders. I seriously paid for my meal and my buzzer started buzzing as I was putting my card away. :O. . Parking is in the Planet Hollywood structure. From the structure is kind of a long trek to this place, but it's worth it. Just make a left at the information desk as you exit the structure and take the 3rd inlet on the left to reach this magical place.. . Good from AM to PM. All day errday. All hours of the day. 24 hours, baby!
MAN oh MAN oh MAN!. . This place ALWAYS hits the spot. After every drunken vegasclub...THIS is the place to be! Actually, I'd have this place even if i wasn't drunk. . . The tuna melt is to die for! omg...probably the best tuna melt I have ever have. cheesy, melts in your mouth delicious! haha. NO JOKE. All my friends love this place, and everything we've tried, it was always a winner...so you can't go wrong here. . . The line may look intimidating, but it moves quickly and you get your order fast too! . . Can't wait to go back to vegas for this :)
The restaurant is located right at the strip entrance to Planet Hollywood which is very convenient.  It's also open 24/7 so it makes a great after-club spot to sober up, which is when I tried it for the first time.  Even at 3am there is still a line, but it moves really fast.  . . I ordered the Tuna Melt and its hard for most restaurants to make a good tuna melt, but Earls Sandwich made the best TUNA MELT I've ever tasted, hands down!  I was in heaven.  I even went back the next day 100% sober to order it again and it was just as delicious.  My friend ordered the Earls Club and she gave me a couple bites and that was also probably the best club sandwich I ever had. I ordered a Hawaiian BBQ sandwich for my boyfriend and stole a couple bites from it; it was OK and average, and probably had better hawaiian bbq sandwiches elsewhere.. . $6 for gourmet sandwiches, gotta love it!!  Will definitely come back next time in Vegas.
So I've been back a few times since my original post. I must say that pretty much all their sandwiches are great. Just pick the flavors/ ingredients that you like most- generally you wont be disappointed. My new favorites include the Jamaican Jerk, the Italian, and of course the original. Happy eating everyone!
Finally, after all my drunk friends tweeting/FBing pictures of sandwich wrapped in gold (yet never showing me a picture of the actual sandwich), I had arrived to sin city and met my boy earl of sandwich.. . It was around lunch time and we had just gotten to the strip, so we decided to get some food before we ensued a night we would probably forget. The menu looked amazing and I had no idea what to get. Their special was a holiday one with turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing, so I went with that.. . The service was decent there, not too friendly but not a buncha douchebags either. i just wanted a sandwich, they just wanted to kill the line, we found a common ground.. . the price was decent (don't expect too cheap in vegas anyways) and it got out fairly quickly. maybe due to the fact that i was admiring the line of beautiful girls that came a few minutes after us.. . now as for the food, the sandwich was amazing. the bread was soft and warm, and the sweet cranberry sauce completed the stuffing and finished off with the turkey. i felt bad for not saying much to my friends cause i was too occupied eating my sandwich. . . i inhaled my food and found an excuse to get back in line and talk to those gir--- i mean, order another sandwich (which was the italian one). . great food, i wish they had one back in SJ. i definitely know to say wassup to my boy earl when i get back to Vegas.
forget sexual healing mr. marvin gaye, i need some earl healing! #allhetero. . after LOOOONG NIGHTS (PLURAL) of binge drinking on the verge of alcohol poisoning (coincidentally, after our long night at BOTH surrender and XS, one of our friends actually woke up in the hospital.. ID, credit card, and cash... LESS #nojoke). . all you need is EARLS.. thankfully, they maximize efficiency by having the line form against the wall. you order at one spot slide through to the next where you can watch them make those fresh sandwiches and pay at the next register. they hand you a buzzer and you wait, once it goes off it feels like christmas again and you receive two of the best warm sandwiches in the world.. . 1. THE AMERICAN. . 2. THE FULL MONTAGUE. . all i've ever ordered, all i'll ever order.. . sanitize hands with the complimentary, wall-mounted dispenser, consume, wash hands, drink.. *REPEAT!. . similar to recharging the batteries, you are now.. GOOD TO GO! hollaa earl
great place to go when you are drunk or sober and on a budget in Vegas. They have so many different types of sandwiches and this place is always packed with young beautiful people in Vegas. just spend your money on alcohol, clubbing, and shows, and eat here and at other cheap places, you can satisfy ur stomach as well as not burn a hole in your wallet. Plus the food is awesome.
AWESOME SANDWICHES!!! . . We ordered three sandwiches for three people. The Carribean Jerk, Tuna melt, and Roast Beef. All were delicious but my favorite was the tuna melt. I couldn't get enough. Once i finished my half of the roast beef. We all traded to get a different taste.  The tuna melt was nice and hot. That familiar tuna taste was delicious. It didn't even taste heavy like so it was just perfect. I think it is the bread that makes the sandwich. It just so tasty and just enough crunch (not so hard that it scratches the roof of my mouth). All together with the tuna and cheese is amazing. Mouth drooling right now. So good. The Carribean Jerk chicken was delicious as well. Chicken was plenty, moist, and not tough to eat. The peppers: red and yellow made the sandwich giving that jerk taste. Fantastic. The roast beef was alright. I wasn't such a fan of it. It was alright. I think it needed more flavor or something. It didn't leave an impression on me compared to the tuna melt and the carribean jerk. . . I love that Earl of Sandwich is affordable and ummm open 24 hours. I wish we could have stopped by before we left. Sad, we didn't But it is ok. Next time. Maybe it'll be a late night sandwich every night we are there. I'm so looking foreword to it. . . . . -This is a must GO!!. . *Drool*
Almost 2000 reviews with a 4 1/2 star rating.......I thought hmmmm. . Honestly, how good can a sandwich get???? . . IT is that good!!!! No words can explain its simplicity. Try the Earl's Club, bacon plus turkey and that mystery sauce equals heaven in your mouth..... or if you want a spicy kick to it get the Caribbean Jerk. . . Perfect for broke college students, and it is a total bargain on the strip!. For 6 dollars and fifty cents why go to Burger King or McDonalds and get a soggy burger with a fries and a drink, when you can go to Earl's of Sandwich and get a bite of heaven . . . And to top it all off they are open 24/7, I'd come here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. . . This place is MUST, when it comes to places to try in Vegas!
There's no hype, this place is epic. They are open every hour of the day, no matter how hungry or drunk you are, YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG eating here.. . I love The Full Montagu because of their amazing roast beef. It's tender, ultra moist, and just tasted like it was meant to exist in a perfect universe. . . The Earl's Club was good, but I felt like the saltiness of the bacon was a little off with their "Sandwich Sauce" (which looked like thousand island salad dressing).. . The Original 1762 is a jackpot sandwich of their stellar roast beef, cheese, and creamy horseradish sauce: A rich gooey orgasm.. . Tuna Melt: Let's be honest, fat = flavor, and this sandwich is a saucy mayonnaise tuna-bomb.. . Hawaiian BBQ is great for those who love things like Hawaiian pizza, but in sandwich form. The science behind the sweetness of the pineapple and the saltiness of the ham has never failed anyone.. . The Caprese is something I personally hold dear to my heart, that combination of ingredients is what I'm all about. Sadly, I can't recall any presence of the tomato. Considering this cost the same as all the other sandwiches and has zero meat, I'd think twice about ordering it again.. . Lastly, but definitely not least, the Best BLT sandwich is without any debate THE BEST BLT SANDWICH I HAVE EVER EATEN. My cousin Bryan V. has spoken of it fondly, but now I know what he's talking about. It's just a savory kingdom of bacon cooled by tomatoes and brought to life by the richness of the mayonnaise. I wish I bought several of these to go.. . All sandwiches are $6 before tax. Go here. Now. Hurry.
I would gladly walk the entire strip in 4-inch heels just to get my hands on one of these sandwiches. Gladly. Though I have also considered staying at Planet Hollywood solely for the purpose of having easy access to Earl's. Anyway, now I realize that no Vegas trip is complete without a stop here.. . Each sandwich is made to toasted perfection right in front of your eyes! They also boast their own unique sticker and maybe one day, just maybe, I could collect them all.. . Ughhh, wish there was an Earl's closer to my location.
I can't believe I've never been there until this past weekend.. . It was such quick service. I ordered, perused down the salad/potato/dessert line and paid. Right as I was paying - woot, buzzer buzzed! mmm. sandwhich! nom nom. . Tried the Earl's Club, so delish with its melted cheese, warm bacon and turkey. Can't go wrong with anything bacon-y and the brownie sandwich. drooltastic! It totally completed my meal.. . Can't wait to come back and try other things...
Atmosphere: limited seating. Fast food place. Wait is pretty long but totally worth it. . Food: amazing!! . Price: great!. Highlight: all sandwiches!. Other: would always take my friends there. Must try!
Okay, so it's just a freaking sandwich.  I know people say that it's over rated and well yeah, it is a bit over rated but it doesn't warrant the 1 star review.  Actually, there's no need for me to even write a review because this place has at least a few thousand.  So why did I give 5 stars?  Because look at where you're at.  Vegas is like a giant airport where the food is jacked up to 60% of the actual retail price.  I bought a slice of pizza and a coke one time somewhere and had to pay 12 bucks. Yeah, 12 motherfucking bones.  So let me tell you that Earl of Sandwich earns the 5 stars because for a pretty delicious fuckin sando, you only pay 6 dollars in a land where they would usually charge 12.  So there's my blurb right there.. . Line is pretty long, but it goes by fast and you rarely wait more than 5 minutes to get your order.  Not only that, the process of ordering to paying to getting your sandwich is so streamlined and smooth- there's no kinks to the process which is why they can go through so many people so fast.. I ordered the tuna melt and it was decent- I really like their bread and the portions were good.  A half would have satisfied me but I went ahead and ate the other half because I'm to lazy to carry it around with me.  . . Overall - not the best sandwiches in the world, but they're still GOOD and you get the most bang for your buck here.  Plus, the joint is open 24 hours.
Best Tuna Melt ever! Anywhere, hands down!. . Ladies and Gentlemen, There are few things in life that are worth driving hundreds of miles for, amongst them is Earls. . For those of us who are not 21, there are very few activities we can enjoy in Vegas. Fortunately Earls is friendly to patrons of all ages. (although you have to hurry if you enter through the Planet Hollywood entrance; try and use the Miracle mile shop entrance to avoid being harassed by pit bosses and the like.) . I have tried their house sandwich and roast beef, both of them taste alright. But the Tuna Melt is absolutely perfect, I really mean perfect. You can make no amount of spices or make any other adjustment to that sandwich which will make it taste any better! . . Pros: . *Best tuna melt in the US. Maybe the world.. *Price (~$6). . Cons: . *Long lines.
FIVE FRIGGIN STARS. it dont get better than a sandwich place located in the middle of the strip. arrive to vegas, earl of sandwiches, check in, earl of sandwiches, eat dinner, earl of sandwiches, pre-drank, get fucked up at the club, earl of sandwiches. 24/7 with prime time location, makin some of the best sandwiches in vegas. seriously, they are all good 5 stars. i especially savored the meatball sandwich, the earl club sandwich, and the main one with bacon on it. 6-7 bucks a sandwich, you will not regret.
Yummy sandwiches! I went to vegas knowing that I wanted to try this place out. We stayed at Planet Hollywood, so it was very convenient because they are open 24 hours. I had the Earl's Club which I really liked. I also tried the Full Montagu. Both were very tasty. The lines go by fairly fast also. The bread is probably what stands out; it's just perfect :)
"Bread makes the sandwich; We make the bread"- Earl of sandwich slogan.. . This is the reason to go to vegas. I mean damn, the sandwiches here taste like unicorn blood. And for those of you who don't know, unicorn blood gives you amazing restorative powers for your face and exfoliates skin; It even gives you some life back! Ask Lord Voldemort!. . But on the real, having worked at subway before and holding the title of "sandwich artist", when I came here and saw them making these delectable sandwiches right on front of me, I wanted to take some MSG and shove it up my butt. I don't why I would do it, but I felt like I received a total slap in the face of calling myself a sandwich artist, because damn, all my life I still can't even draw proper stick figures, and the sandwiches at Earl of Sandwich are Mona Lisa caliber. . . They certainly just melt in your mouth like hot fudge brownies freshly baked. They smell like your new crushes hair straight from the shower. They look like the person you've always wanted to have sex with. . . These sandwiches, are the best.
OOOhhh, we love this place. We try and eat here every time we're in Vegas now. We always get the Italian sub (hot). We have tried another sandwich but I can't remember what it was because it wasn't as yummy as the Italian. The Tomato soup is really good, too. YUMMY!!! There is a huge line but it goes really fast. Wait in line and get the hot Italian Sub and Tomato Soup and you'll be happy.
No Vegas Trip is complete without a trip to Earl of Sandwich!!!  Seriously, the best 5.99 you will ever spend in Vegas, because you are guaranteed hot deliciousness.. . For a long time I heard the buzz of famous Earl of Sandwiches and I was worried that they would not live up to the hype.  But during 2011 I had the opportunity to make two trips to Vegas and I finally go to experience the amazingness for myself.   . . I have tried the following two of the sandwiches on the menu:. . The Full Montagu- Roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes, and of course yummy mustard.  It is called the full montagu for a reason.  It really has all of the sandwich essentials.  At 3 am it was worth the extra cab ride.. . The Original - Roast beef, cheddar, and horseradish.  Of the two I think this was my favorite.  It was uncomplicated and gets straight to the meaty cheesy flavor with a tiny kick of the creamy horseradish.  So it doesn't have any vegetables...you don't go to Vegas to eat healthy!  . . Here are some fun facts/helpful tips:. . 1.  It is open 24 hours so if you had a little too much fun in the night, don't worry you can always get your grub on at any time. . 2. Divide and conquer! Send someone to scout and grab a table and send someone else to place the orders that way by the time your food is ready you should have a place to enjoy and rest your sore feet. . OVERALL: A MUST GO!
I'm a huge fan of sandwiches, HUGE FAN and this place is definitely one of my favorite! I've always heard about it and people ALWAYS took pictures of these sandwiches so when I went to Vegas this time around I made sure I got some. I had the Full Montagu and Earl's Club and I really liked both but the Earl's Club was more my taste. loved that its toasted, I still crave these sandwiches even though I got it two days in a row while in Vegas... everyone who visits Vegas definitely have to give this place a try, you WON'T be disappointed!!
So I've seen reviews for this spot prior before going to vegas..turns out it happen to be at our hotel! What a nice surprise.. My b.f. And I had to try it. He had the caribbean chicken jerk sandwich and I had montagu sandwich. Both delicious!!! It was soo busy, but the service and everything was fast. 7-8 dollars for 6 inch. Pretty small, just right, but its the quality, not quantity! The potatoe salad was delish also.
I'll keep it simple since Earl's has over 1000 reviews. . . . Great sandwiches, great price, and open 24 hours a day!!!! . WoooHooo Hoooo Hoo!!!
Delicious! Worth the wait for sure! My hubby and I got the Full Montagu and Tuna melt..wasn't disappointed at all! Actually surprised they're open 24hours.  I will totally come back again!
The first time I had Earl's was in 2009 and after my trip, Earl's left me dreaming of their sandwiches. That's how good it is! I honestly rate it as one of the BEST sandwiches I have ever had. My favorite is the All-American: turkey and cranberry... it's like Thanksgiving in your mouth! The last time I was in Vegas, we had Earl's 5 times. Made for cheap eats and I honestly was not tired of it. Had one left over from the night before and it was still good. This is my first stop next time I'm in Vegas... mmmm I'm craving it right now!
Best cheap eats on the strip, very good sandwiches for 5.99 each, keeps you away from the $25 buffets
Earl of Sandwich is one of my favorite places to go to eat in Vegas if I'm on a budget. It's located in Planet Hollywood, so if I go shopping and then cry because I'm too broke to spend luxurious amounts of money on food, I come here.. . Delicious sandwiches! I can never go to Subway again. When I come back to California, I get depressed if I see a Subway.. . Their sandwiches are so fresh and amazing. They have so many interesting choices like caribbean jerk chicken! From the times I went, each sandwich has not failed to disappoint. The Montague is always a safe but yummy choice if you're not feeling too experimental.. . Very cheap sandwiches that are delicious! Again, if you want something delicious to eat for a small price, definitely come here.. . 5 stars! Simple, cheap and delicious.
Seriously why is this place so rare to find. I wish they had a chain store in San Francisco or the Bay Area. I always have to come here when I visit Vegas since I can't get it at home!. . The price is super reasonable for the quality of the sandwich. The sandwiches are all freshly made and served hot. Delicious. The soups are really good too. I love sandwiches and this place is definitely worth it considering what you would pay on the strip. . . I usually got the Broccoli Cheddar soup, which isn't as creamy and thick as most places. It's light and delicious and the best Broccoli Cheddar soup you can get anywhere! It's only 2.99!. . All the sandwiches are 5.99 and most come hot. I think those are the best ones. I tried the All American, Italian, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, and they are all delicious! . . Trust me this place you won't get disappointed. The line might be long, but it'll go by fast!
Yay to a delicious easy eat in Vegas!  Forget the Vegas buffets and michelin star promises of fine dining -- after all that drinking and partying, what you really want is a hearty meal that will hit the spot.  Thank god for Earl of Sandwich!. . Nothing fancy, but I promise the $5.99 sandwiches are just what the doctor ordered.  We tried several in the group, the best was the tuna melt followed by the Montague.  Despite the line, it's really a short wait.  Sandwiches come out piping hot and seating was not difficult to find.  LOVES!. . One last tip = get the brownie ice cream sandwich ($3.29) -- a scoop of ghiradelli vanilla ice cream between 2 HUGE chewy brownies, what a treat and a steal.
Hung over and broke? get some Earls. . 2 am and you've lost your friends and cell phone at the club? get some Earls. . Woke up at the hospital with a cathether attached to you know what? ...Get some Earls, boy, go get some Earls. . . How can you ever go wrong with warm toasted bread, mounds of meat, slice of melted cheese and some lettuce and tomato for good measure? The Full Montague ain't never gonna do you dirty like those craps table did, 5 minutes ago.
I love this place! I always stop here whenever I'm in Vegas. Their sandwiches are amazingly good. It's like a wrapped up brick of gold. It comes out warm and savory. It's making my mouth water just thinking of how good it is. They make their own bread and it finishes baking when they heat the sandwich. Its open 24 hrs. When you feel broke from losing so much at the craps table, the gold wrapped sandwich makes me feel like I just hit the jackpot!
OMG, I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!! I tried Earl for the first time this past weekend and right now, I am seriously having Earl withdrawal. Let's just say.. I was only in Vegas for 2 days and I ate here 3-4 times. It was that good. And the line may be long, but it was totally worth it cuz it moves fairly quickly.. . Anyways, so I tried the Earl's Club, Full Montagu, Tuna Melt, and the breakfast one with eggs and ham.. ALL WERE FREAKIN DELICIOUS. I honestly don't think you can go wrong with their menu.. everything is just really good. It may just be a sandwich, but to me, it was like the PERFECT SANDWICH. I think the bread made it extra melt in your mouth good. It's pretty cheap too! $5.99 a sandwich and I believe it's open 24/7!. . I tried looking up their locations to see if there were any near my area, but the closest one is Vegas.. sucks! But if you're in Vegas, make that visit over to PH and try Earl of Sandwich! You surely will NOT regret it! =)
My dealer told me that I had try this place before I left, and it was DAMNN good. They're selling your basic sandwich fare, and a few classics, but I think it's the fresh toasted bread that gets you. Just a great sandwich with balanced flavors!!. . Really can't go wrong with any sandwich. Take your pick.
Let me preface this review by saying that I do not like roast beef sandwiches. Arby's, french dip, whatever... if it's roast beef, I won't order it. . . And of course, because I'm a masochist and a lemming, I ordered the original 1872 roast beef sandwich at Earl of Sandwich, expecting to lump it into the same category as every other roast beef sandwich.. . But it was good. REALLY good. It made me feel silly for being so obstinate about roast beef sandwiches. Had I really been missing out this entire time? The bread was freshly baked and the perfect receptacle for the simple sandwich: tender, thin slices of juicy roast beef, melted cheese, and sharp horseradish. . . On the side, I had a cup of the best tomato soup I've had in recent memory. Creamy, slightly acidic, and with a sprinkling of really good croutons, presumably made from the same tasty bread as the sandwiches.. . I'm not going to start ordering roast beef sandwiches, but I will make it a point to stop by Earl's of Sandwiches every time I'm in Vegas.
Thanks to my gambling problem, I've gotten very familiar with Earl's sandwiches. It'sa great fit for PH, my Vegas home. Long story short good sandwiches, good price, good location, hours and accessibility.. . Service: They do their job, they do it efficiently. Nothing sticks out to me negatively or positively. "They are who we thought they were". . Food: Delicious as advertised. I've had just about every sandwich to a point where I know which sandwich I want to go with my mood/the situation. I will say I wasn't a fan of the Hawaiian BBQ, it tasted like pineapple and bbq without really meshing together well. It could have been a one off situation because I was losing that day, but all other sandwiches were great to me.. . Price: very reasonable pricing especially with all the other restaurants around it. Probably explains the lines! . . Location: Close to the tables to take a break, easy to find, not stuck in the corner of the miracle mile.. . A Vegas trip isn't complete without an Earl's Sandwich. Even if I was miles away gambling at M, I would find someone to make the Trek down to PH to get me a sandwich, Diddy Making the Band Cheesecake style.
AHHHHHHHHH!!! I LOVE EARL OF SANDWICH!! I'm so happy that it's 24/7!! =) Their Italian sandwich is super delish! The price isn't so bad either! . . I recommend coming here if you're looking for a cheap convenient filling place to eat at Vegas!
When fellow friend Richard G. raved and raved about how good Earl of Sandwich is and how he'd eat it any day and everyday, I thought he was just obsessed.  I've had other people tell me Earl of Sandwich is good, but that was it, it was just "good."  I'm a big fan of sandwiches so I was coming into this place with some pretty high expectations.. . And sure as hell, Earl of Sandwich delivered.  I want to say this place ranks in my top 3 (along with Ike's and Mendocino Farms in SF and LA respectively), but where in the top 3, I'm not so sure (I'm so conflicted).. . But yes, the Full Montagu is a must get!  I'm not a fan of mustard, but a;ofhusfo;ahfouef Earl of Sandwich, you did something right if I'm in love with a sandwich that is heavily dosed with mustard.  My sandwich was absolutely perfect, love the crunch of the bread and how everything just melts and comes together in your mouth.  No doubt, it's an amazing sandwich.. . They say the line can get long, but came by Saturday afternoon and beat the lunch rush, not a long wait at all.  And since it's Vegas, what a steal for such good food on the strip.  Open 24/7?  Yeah, I'm sold.. . Going to try the Earl Club next time and their lemonade.  And apparently dipping your sandwich in their broccoli and cheese soup makes it super good too.  So that'll be the next plan.. . But yeah, Earl of Sandwich, you definitely earned your name.
I LOVE the sandwiches here. Every trip I take to Las Vegas gets me thinking about them before I even land!
Came here about a year ago and it was GREAT. The line at the time was short, thank goodness. I ordered a sandwich with the help of one of the lovely ladies behind the counter and for a decent price, I could honestly say it filled me up. It's a really nice place to chill if you just want a quick bite. You're sitting right at the edge of the casino and the shopping area so you get a good glance at everything around you. Don't forget to order a drink though! You'll get thirsty munching on these beast sandwiches.
Doesn't disappoint!!! Perfect thing to eat after a night of partying and drinking!. Also, did you hear that they are opening an Earl of Sandwich in DT Disney!?!?! SWEET!!
Great place to get a snack at let's say . . . 5:00 AM.
Earl's is the best place to go if you don't know where you want to eat. All things good: Its cheap, the line moves amazingly fast, the food is absolutely delicious, you aren't standing out in 100+ degree weather and you get to people watch as you eat!. . Pretty much come here to eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner if my friends don't drag me off to some other restaurant. I like to eat other peoples food so I'm almost sure I've tried over half the sandwiches, wraps, salads, soups etc at Earls.. and everything is FANTASTIC. The soups are perfect when you're hungover and don't remember what being sober feels like. My go-to from Earl's is the Caprese sandwich, always ALWAYS hits the spot. . . Even when I'm nauseous from a full night of drinking, I somehow manage to find my way to Earl's.
How can you make a 100 oz. Fat Tuesday tub baby with 3 extra shots of Everclear even better? By pairing it with an Earl of Sandwich sammich, of course!. . I was reserving my 200th review for a place that I considered near and dear to my heart, and Earl of Sandwich is just that!  I have been here countless times. I'm sure I have also been here without any recollection of eating here .. or of the night :). . Although I try to order something different every time, I always find myself devouring the Full Montagu. What can I say? It just tastes right with my hurricane + octane + 3 extra shots Everclear / 151 FT concoction! Or maybe it is just that being inebriated dulls my decision-making ability. I also tried the bf's Caribbean Jerk on my last visit... not something I would have ordered myself, but surprisingly really awesome!. . I usually eat here during normal eating hours (mid-afternoon, dinner), so the wait is not bad, even though there will always be a line. It would be cool to check out this place post-clubbing hours, but there are so many graveyard steak & egg deals around the Strip that I have not made this place an option yet.. . Like the opinion of fellow Yelp! friend Michelle F., a Vegas trip without a visit to Earl of Sandwich just feels incomplete and disappointing. But now that Earl of Sandwich will be extending its franchise this summer to Downtown Disney Anaheim (most likely with shorter opening hours), I will get a chance to try every sandwich on the menu after all!
Want cheap and delicious food? Well, this is the place to be! Recommendations:Tuna Melt and Caribbean Jerk Chicken, hands down. Can't wait until it opens in California!!
A must if you're in the area. During my 3 day vacation, i went here twice, while some of my other friends went like 5 times. . . Like any deli, order at the start, look at the other random add ons you can buy (beer, chips, drinks, ice cream sandwich), pay. LONGLINES ARE GOOD, because once you pay, your sandwich is ready! finding seating however, is a whole different story haha.. . I ordered:. The Full Montagu: Mustard sometimes makes or breaks a sandwich for me, I didn't make it this time, but was alright. . Italian: Really good, I just wish it came with some greens. . Caribbean Jerk Chicken: Can't describe the flavors, but it worked out right.. Ice cream sandwich: The brownie was really rich.. . Im glad to say an Earls of sammy is going to be in disneyland!
I feel like I was transported to sandwich heaven!!! I've already heard that a sandwich is a sandwich so it can't be that special. WRONG. It was magnificent!! My full montagu was all I dreamed of and more!! Layers of fresh sliced turkey, flavorful roast beef, juicy tomato slices, crisp lettuce, and mustard all squished between two fresh pieces of hot bread, melted in my mouth!! . . I was full after the first, but the aftertaste was calling me to order another. Thankfully, Lyn C to the rescue! She let me eat the other half of hers because she was full. Best.Sandwich.Ever. . . Can't wait for the one to open in Downtown Disney!
Is there an award for the best sammich on the Strip?? Cause I'm about to give the 1st annual one to Earl's... Good lawwwwd. And good luck to whoever is gonna try to take that title away next year. The Earl of Sandwich makes the perfect size, perfect taste, perfect crunch, perfect bread, perfectly warm sammich on the Las Vegas strip. Hands down... I really shouldn't write anymore than that. I postponed writing a review for this place for over a year. I thought it'd be best kept between my friends & I, along with the lucky people who have stayed at PH or the ones that have shopped at the Miracle Mile Shops.. . My favorite sammich here is the Italian... I am not worthy. It's so damn good. It has salami, capicola, mortadella, ham, tomatoes, mozarella cheese and italian dressing. It's so good. You will know when you first bite into it. Trust me.. . The Best BLT is good too. I don't like it as much as the italian but its way better than your everyday BLT. Bacon, roma tomatoes, lettuce and tasty mayo.. . The Earl's Club is very good. Perfect marriage of bacon, turkey, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes & a sauce that is indescribably good.. . Earl's is good for lunch, dinner, after-club snack or it's 4am and there's nothing better to eat at the casino than this sandwich type of meal. It's the perfect sammich. It's just the right amount to make you want another one but somehow one is just right. I cant explain it. It hits the spot. . . The sugar cookie is very good. And the ice cream sandwich that puts vanilla ice cream in-between two brownie patties is genius.. . EARL of SAMMICH... No Vegas trip is complete.
If your just arriving to Vegas after a long drive or flight, after a long night of partying and drinking, or you just want a tasty meal, Earl of Sandwich is the place to go in vegas!. . Located in ph towers Westgate ( the hotel we always stay at due to its awesomeness) Earl of sandwich has never let us down. Even though it is popular, the wait is never to long. They have a big selection of sandwiches which range from simple to complex combinations.. . They do have other options but I don't know what they are because their sandwiches are just too out of this world. I like the "All American" the best. Its like a turkey dinner!. . Its open 24 hours so this is a perfect spot for alate night cap after the club or a long night of gambling... We always order way to many sandwiches because our eyes are bigger than our stomach.
This sandwich definitely is as good as it gets for the price and the taste and its open 24 hours! doesnt get any better then that! . .  I always get the the original which is delicious! the bread is perfectly toasted with the tasty roast beef inside. The service is very good and quick. Dont let the long line fool you. they have a good system that gets you in and out with your food in like 10 minutes. and it is definitely worth the wait. . . All the sandwiches run about 7.00 plus tax which is a great price considering they are in the middle of a very popular hotel and mall (planet hollywood). . . i highly recommend this sandwich restaurant if you are looking for a good cheap meal any time of the day. remember its open 24 hours a day!
I discovered this place on my last visit to Vegas and had to stop by as soon as we got here. I ordered The Full Montagu and it was as delicious as I remembered. Its located inside the Miracle Mile Mall so its always great to stop by after some shopping. They just recently i believe made it a 24hr spot! So after partying it up at Marquee on Saturday night we stopped by for a late night/early morning bite and i ordered the Tuna and a friend ordered the All American, we split the sandwiches to give ourselves variety.  The Tuna was good but a little too much for my liking, the All American was delicious and the cranberry's give it personality and a homey taste for a turkey sandwich.
I stayed at Planet Hollywood this weekend, and out of the 4 times I went here, I only wanted to come here once...and gladly I was sober when it happened. All the other times was because my friends and I were pissed drunk and wanted something quick and even though the lines are long all day night long, they move fast.. . But when I came here sober before my drunking raid, I ordered the french dip and the chicken noodle, but the chicken noodle was cold, the fuck? So I asked them to change it to some tomato soup and honestly that soup taste exactly like the soup frm a Chef Boyardi soup can, but that little flaw can't replace the good memories and all their other sandwiches that are good. The french dip comes with an au jus sauce.
Earl of Sandwich... Y U NO HAVE ONE IN BAY AREA?. . This place is as good as it gets for sandwiches. I don't normally buy sandwiches at all, because even I am lazy enough to make them myself at home. But DAMNNNNNNN are these good.. . I tried the Hawaiian one, it was teriyak, ham, and pineapple in it. Really really flavorful and juicy especially with the pineapples. These sandwiches were so good, that I bought TWO within one sitting. After I finished the first sandwich I went back in line and bought the Holiday Stuffed Turkey Sandwich. It was like an entire Thanksgiving dinner inside the buns. Dried turkey?? NOPE. It fused together perfectly with the cranberry paste and gravy. SO GOOD.. . Will come back here if I was back in Vegas for SURE. . . 24/7 for all the drunkards out there as well. PERFECT. Can't get any better than this.
I'm a believer in all things good, therefore I am a believer of Earl of Sandwich! After seeing about 5 of my friends on fb check-in here on the same day a few months ago, I knew I had to try this place on my next Vegas trip.. . The line was long, but took no more than 15 minutes to get our order in. After consulting with the worker, the bf and I got an original and the full montagu and split. The original was okay (needed more horseradish), but the full montagu was mMm mMm good! Generous amounts of my two favorite deli meats (roast beef and turkey), fresh lettuce and tomato, cheddar and swiss cheese. I know it sounds like nothing special, but seriously, it's somethin' else!. . Can't wait to go back. :)
open 24/7, amazing food, even more amazing prices.. . our group went at like 3AM and there was no line.. . definitely hit this place up if you're in vegas!
The line was about 30 people deep at 3 in the morning. That must tell you something. This is what I told my friend, " I don't care for hot sandwiches" I swear this is true. Yeah until I came here. I have only tried one of the dozen different sandwiches. What is so great about this place is that the choices are simple so what you can concentrate on what is important. That's right! The Food!  I will be sure to come to this place many times to try all the different treasures. The bread will hook you. They have around a dozen workers in the kitchen spitting out orders like a machine. After the line went by so fast, I was thinking we would have to wait twice as long for our food but that wasn't the case. Sweet place to call one of my favorite places.
One of the main reasons I love staying at PH..convenient location to Earl AND Wicked Spoon.. . You must have their Earl Club and the Full Montagu..MUST ORDER! So delicious you would swear that Harry Potter himself conjured it up with some Defense Against the Dark Arts spell. Why Dark Arts? Because this sandwich is deadly for your spring break diet.. . Their sandwiches are like nicotine (although I can't say really 'cause I've never smoked in my life). It's like you HAVE to stop by every time you come to Vegas. I come here so often that I know exactly how much my order will cost.. . Cup of Chicken Noodle Soup (marvelous after-draaanking). Earl Club. = $9.71. . Pregame. Club. PH. Earl's. Vitamin before bed. KO. You won't be sorry!
that's a damn good sandwich! it's the bread I tell ya, it's just soooooooo yummy and toasty and yummy good. If I were to give up carbs altogether, this place would be my cheat, I loved Earl so much that I went there twice in one day, in the morning for breakfast and again for an after-drinking meal. I had the Full Montagu, the Earl of Club and the Italian. The Full Montagu was delish but the Earl of Club was phenomenol (they're hefty btw) and these panini type sandwiches are worth every calorie. The price is also a great selling point too, $5.99 on the strip is a steal! A sandwich, drink, and chips is around $10. Love it! Oh and sweet cream brownie are plus points while you're waiting for your food. =)
Earl of Sandwich is one of God's finer gifts to the Las Vegas Strip. In fact, I would make the four hour drive from LA to Vegas JUST for a warm, toasty, cheesy Full Montagu. The best part is a sandwich is almost half the price of a bottle of water at any of the nearby clubs. I've made it my life mission to keep writing strongly worded emails to whomever owns this wonderful chain until they agree to open a location across the street from my apartment in Hollywood.
Absolutely LOVE this place! Earl of Sandwich is a MUST when in Vegas! Their sandwiches and soups are delicioussss. Sandwiches are around $6 which is not bad at all! They come out fresh and hot HOT! But it gets better...the place is open 24 hours!! Perfect for a late night snack. Don't be discouraged if you see a long line. It goes by pretty fast and it'll all be worth it when you sit down to enjoy your sandwich. . . Can't wait for them to open up in Downtown Disney!!
Bomb sandwich. No review here can explain the wholesome deliciousness of their sandwiches. Stop reading. Get in your car and drive to Vegas. I mean it. NOW.
Have to say I love love love this place. It was so yummy. And cheap! And quite hefty! Where can you get that on the strip?! It's the perfect cure to a hangover, at least it was for me, and it's the perfect thing to eat after a night out. I tried their Full Montagu and their Club. I have to say they were yummy in the tummy goodness. It's their bread that makes it so awesome! If I didn't do breakfast at the buffet there, I would've just asked for their bread toasted lol. Also, their desserts are yummy. I was eyeing their sweet cream brownie and was not going to get it cause I'd rather save my calories for my drinking, but my friend got one and I decided to have a piece and it was so yummy that a piece ended up being like half the brownie lol. I will so need to go here every time I'm in town after a night out :P
Finally got to try out the Earl and see what all the buzz is about.  Got there late in the afternoon and there was a line about 25 people long and extended into the mall.  The good news is the line actually moves pretty quick.  . . We were worried there wouldn't be a place to sit but a huge group of asian girls got up just as we entered the not large enough seating area.  in fact our buzzer range telling us our sandwiches were ready before we even sat down.. that was FAST.  . . I had the hawaiian which was really good.  Size wise.. it's not a large sandwich, and if you're super hungry get two, but honestly I think the size is good.  The sandwich was yummy and the bread was wonderful as others have mentioned.  . . Every time I walked by there was a huge line.. no doubt thanks to Yelp.  But vegas needs more cheap/good eats like this.  . . 6$ sanwiches and open 24 hours???. 5 Stars!!
Awesome food and open all night. Coming to Downtown Disney in Anaheim this year...cannot wait
Salutations yelpy yelpertons... ok, if you think you have tasted the best sandwich in your life... and HAVEN'T had Earl of Sandwich , not only are you wrong, but you should probably kill yourself from sheer embarrassment... nah, thats a little out of line for your wrongness, but this place has an All American sandwich that is very fitting for me, similar to my phone, the Droid "Incredible"... Line goes fast, open all hours, and there is a girl named Annie that works there; she is the hottest girl in Vegas... no diggity, no doubt... I'm glad they didn't name it Duke of Hoagie too.. . . Earl of Sandwich, I salute you.... twice!
You don't have to be drunk to appreciate something as good as Earl's.... . But of course being drunk will make it more fun, and there is a Fat Tuesdays right around the corner inside Miracle Miles my sober friends.  Take it with a couple extra shots, sip away, and you'll be all good.. . ...Geez, this is supposed to be a sandwich review right?  Iono... from the looks of it, I'd say it's pretty clear already why Earl's is one of the top sandwich destinations of the world.  You're probably thinking... "the World?!"  ...Oh come on, it's Vegas.  The world here is your playing ground, so long as you don't max out your credit cards and slip all those $20s away on Blackjack.. . So ladies and gentlemen, Full Montagu all the way... full speed ahead.. . This sandwich will make you crave for more.  The bread is delicious in itself (toasted to perfection), and the hot insides of roast beef and mustard... to die for.  It is a medley of flavors in your mouth, and well worth the affordable price of around $7.  You can win that money in a round of craps.  I dare ya!. . So whether you are sober, piss drunk or mildly tipsy off that virgin margarita (your secret's safe with me), Earl has a  sandwich for everyone, and is not to be missed.  You don't need to spend $39 at a buffet to have a real damn good meal in Sin City.
mmm.. I'm wanting another tuna melt just thinking about writing this review! *droool! AHH! anyways... . Located in the miracle mile shopping center (closest to the casino!), this place is definitely a gem! For just 5.99$ you'll get yourself a delicious sandwich (their sandwiches are kind of a panini/subway mix) of your choice and you can't really beat that unless you step off the strip! . . It was NOT busy when we went (2pm-ish?). . The Food: I tried the . +_Caribbean Jerk Chicken (it came with chicken, red/banana peppers, and spicy jerk sauce.) It was alllllright.. It was exactly what I expected but nothing that would keep me ordering more.. +_TUNA MELT. (Albacore tuna with aged swiss.) OMG! MUST TRY. My boyfriend and I ended up getting an extra sandwich to split for the drive home and b-b-boy am i glad that we did! I had it when we got home and that aged swiss really REALLY makes the difference! It just raised the bar for future tuna melts from anywhere else!. +_Earl's Club sandwich (Turkey, bacon, aged swiss, lettuce, and tomatoes dressed with sandwich sauce.) This was the boyfriend's sandwich and I was lucky I got to take one bite! HAHA he was finished with his sandwich wayy before I was!. +_Potato Salad ($2) It was mehh. it was missing something.. +_Macaroni Salad ($2) Too muchh mayo for me.. another meh.. . I can't wait to try all the other sandwiches!
DELICIOUS!!! Was there for a late-night (actually very early morning) meal, and it was simply scrumptious! Wish there were more of these around!
HOLY MOLY WITH A BIG BOWL OF RAVIOLI AND A FATTY CANNOLI! This place is the bomb-diggity.com! Best place to eat when you can't decide where to eat, and also if you need to fill up quick and cheap!. . Service is surprisingly quick, what with how many people line up here, and the sandwiches are to droooooooool for! I had 2 sandwiches a day for the 4 days that I was in Vegas because I just could not get enough. The bread is the centerpiece of this wonderful shabang of awesomeness, and it's just perfectly crunchy and soft on the inside.. . I had the Holiday Turkey (OMGAGA) sandwich over the holiday season, and it was like the Venus di Milo of sandwiches! It was turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and like special mayo all wrapped up in that delicious bread.. . The Full Montague, the Ham and Swiss breakfast sandwich, and the Cannonball sub, are all close seconds.. . Definitely come here for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and after-dinner!
YUM! The hype IS correct :). I came here with my boyfriend around 2 on a sunday afternoon. It had quite a lengthy line, but it moved quickly. They have an amazing system. Once you order, you pay, then receive a buzzer. Ours buzzed less than five minutes after! We ordered the tuna melt, full montagu, and classic. (original?) All extremely delicious and perfectly created. . Overall, love the efficiency, love the food, love the prices, and love the ambiance of the place. (it's VEGAS after all :). PLUS IT'S 24 HOURS!. AND it's coming to downtown disney soon! super excited :) Even more reason to go to disneyland every day ;)
Best HOT Veggie Sandwich I've ever had. I can't wait for the one by my house to open!
I come here once or twice every time I go to Vegas. I switch off between the Earl's Club and the Italian. I always get a tomato soup because they put croutons in it and it tastes like magic. I usually take a bite of the sandwich and then drink a spoonful of the soup. If no one's looking, I use my sandwich as a spoon.. . Sometimes there's a line but the service is usually really fast anyway.
UM DAMN.. . 24hours.. hella bomb. hella fresh.. . I enjoyed the meaty one and the signature sandwich.
this is a must have if you're staying at PH/Towers. i ate here three times last weekend...the club sandwhich is so good. the potato salad is delish...next time i'll have to try the desserts which look very dirrrty (yummy).
If you found this place. You just hit the JACKPOT! Their sandwiches are to die for! luckily enough for me, they're building an earl sandwich at downtown disney right next to my house! Don't need to drive all the way up to Vegas for these babies anymore. But hey.... who wouldn't just wanna go to Vegas anyways? Lol. Well, Lemme describe these babies in words you'll understand. The bread is toasted so perfectly, a little crunchy on the tip of the outside but soft on the inside. You can feel a LITTLE bit of greasyness but just a little, that's what makes it so good. Practically all the ones i tried was pretty good. But my favorite would still have to be the Turkey/Bacon Sandwich. Okay guys, I must cut this review short. I'm gonna drive to Vegas right now on a mission for some heavenly sandwiches, bye!!!
Every single time i'm in Vegas, earl of sandwich is a must!. They are open 24 hours and no matter what time you get a. sandwich, it is hot, made fresh and is just amazing. . . I always get "the original" roast beef with swiss and horseradish sauce.. The roast beef always tastes fresh and juicy and the whole combination of. the crispy toasted bread, meat, cheese, horseradish. ($7). . The line goes by fast and I recommend you get your drinks from the casino first. so you have it while waiting for your food and beats paying the amount they sell a. beer for here. Also, the frozen lemonade is so fresh tasting and is really refreshing when you are dehydrating! Ghiradelli brownie ice cream sandwiches for dessert because I binge eat when i'm in Vegas. hehe. :]
Oh Earl, how I love thee...let me count the ways. . . I am truly convinced that there is crack in their bread. How else can their sandwiches be so good?! Sure, fresh ingredients and all that, but let's be honest...there's something else going on there.... . Note, I was not drunk or even slightly inebriated when I had it this time and STILL found it absolutely amazing. . . GO. What are you waiting for?!
I always get the tuna melt here whenever I am in Vegas or when my boyfriend is in Vegas. Super yummy. Consistent taste. . When you go, there will probably be a line, but don't worry you probably won't be in line for long because the staff at Earl's works fast! Def try this place when you are in the area!. I can't wait until the location at Disneyland opens
HOLY MOTHER OF SANDWICH. This place is amazeballs!!!! My girlfriend and I actually found it by accident, after a long night out & putting our friends to bed, wandering around our hotel casino and looking for food. We were directed here and thank goodness for that because we were starved. I had the BLT and my girlfriend had the Club, easily the BEST sandwich I've ever had! We ended up making it our nightly routine for the weekend - go out to the club, drink our faces off, go back to the hotel, GET A SANDWICH! Made my night every night. Over the course of the weekend we also had the soup, brownies, and chicken caesar salad. Everything was hot, fresh, and made quickly. It was super busy every time we went (including the first night at 4:30AM), but our food came out pretty quickly and we never left hungry. Not to mention the price was extremely good for what you get! On our way home we all commented on how we wished they had this place in Calgary! Until next time Earl...
Best late night (and cheap) sandwiches ever for those staying at or near PH. After a fun night of partying, my friends and I came here around 230AM for soup & sandwiches. Most of the sandwiches are $6-7 only - WHERE ELSE CAN YOU GET THAT IN VEGAS?. . I had the Earl's club sandwich, and inhaled the entire thing instantly.
Best sandwhices ever! also the best bang for your back in the entire Vegas area. . If I'm in Vegas I will always come here at least once. Mmmazing! The club, the full montagu, and the american are the dankest most delicious scrumptious sandwiches that man has ever created.
I'm not usually a sandwich type of girl... but thinking about Earl's sandwiches makes my mouth water. AND IT'S CHEAP!. . Venue: Open restaurant inside planet Hollywood. Usually a line starts to form but it goes quickly.. . Service: this was more of a self serve place.. . Food: . The Original 1762 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=OXYqiE37XqVBET_wXqWDJg) - $5.99 I know the picture does not do the sandwiches any justice... but its sooo good. Freshly Roasted Beef, Sharp Cheddar & Creamy Horseradish Sauce. The horseradish gives it a little kick but isn't too spicy. They also add whole mustard seeds which was interesting. The sandwich roll they use makes this sandwich 10 times better! Kind of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.. not too thick or too thin.. . Caprese (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=kbo_2il3g8YPi_LPHmPcpA) - $5.99 Fresh Mozzarella, Roma Tomatoes, Fresh Basil & Drizzled Balsamic Vinaigrette. I usually like mozzarella tomato combination and its especially  tasty on the bread roll they used! . . Price: Cheap!. . Overall: A great place for a quick lunch or snack. Don't under estimate this sandwich shop. Definitely a MUST HAVE at every vegas visit!. . They also have cheap breakfast sandwiches for $3.99.
I came to Vegas for a night and had dinner here, a midnight snack, and breakfast.  . . We had the original, hawaiin, and bacon and egg.  They were all good.  The main things that stick out is that the fresh bread is good, it is very good value, and it's fast.. . I can't wait for them to open one up her in SoCal!
I need to kick myself for not writing a review about this place earlier. If you're looking for a pheNOMenal sammich in Sin City, this is the place to visit. My first one back in January brought me to their Original 1762, with roast beef, sharp cheddar, and creamy horseradish. Absolutely incredible! Since then, I also tried their Earl's Club and Chinese Chicken Salad. The Club was great (you can never go wrong with bacon in a sandwich), but I highly suggest to request the dressing on the side when ordering any of their salads. Even though I mixed it pretty well, it seemed like majority of it appeared more than halfway into eating it. It grossed me out and sadly, I had to throw it out. But despite that, I'll always think of Earl's as a reasonable and tasty option when in Sin City. Ugh, I'm craving one now!
If you don't wantto pay $20+ for a meal in Vegas than this is where need to go!!!!!! I randomly decided to try Earl of Sandwich and it was the best decision EVER!!!!!
Awesome sandwiches!
So good for a sandwich spot! I usually stick to "The Original" which is the roast beef sandwich, because I love it so much! My friend LOVES the Tuna Melt. But I doubt any of their other sandwiches would be a disappointment. Although there is a line most of the time, it goes by fast and there are usually always some open tables. Vegas sandwich at its best!
The last couple times I've stayed at Planet Hollywood I've stopped by here to grab a sandwich to go for the roadtrip back to LA.  The sandwiches here are always delicious and everything goes together so well.  The bread is awesome, the meat is plentiful and the sauce compliments everything perfectly.  They heat it up, so by the time I'm on the road it's no longer warm, but that's ok because everything melts together and the heat blends all the flavors together so well.  Conveniently located near the casino.  Highly recommended, quick, inexpensive and a special treat for us LAers who don't have one of these.
Cheap, fast, and delicious! A great place to save some money when you're getting sick of spending too much in Vegas.
Earl of Sandwich...mmm...so good.... . We live in a time when most everything is all about the hype and thus marked up several times in Vegas, especially on the strip.  What a wonderful feeling it was to discover this casual sandwich spot located inside Planet Hollywood.   It is quick, easy, delicious, satisfying and cheap!!!  $5.99 for any sandwich, wrap or salad! Yes, true!. . I love love their BLT.  The Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich and Tuna Melt are also very popular and delicious.  It's their warm, soft bread that really steps their sandwiches a notch above most others. Their salads are not so good so unless you're seriously allergic to bread or something, try a sandwich. . . Best of all, it's open 24/7 as it should be in this town!
Yum!! This place has delicious sandwiches with great prices and plenty of seats! It's hard to find a decently priced good tasting sandwiches in las vegas but this was definitely one of my top choices! I'm doing lent this year so it was very difficult to find a restaurant that offered food which was decent to eat and reasonably priced but Earl of Sandwich definitely did it! I got the vegetarian sandwich ( with no cheese) and it was delicious! The bread they toast and use is very good as well! Will definitely eat here again!
I don't even need to review this place, as 1850 other ppl will vouch that this place is awesome.. . It's the best of both worlds between choosing cheap fast food, and expensive sit down restaurants.. . Long lines disappear real quick, so it's always worth the wait! Plus all sandwiches are 5.99 and the soups are yumyum so delicious! My must haves are of course, the "Earl" sandwich, and a cup of Broccoli Cheese soup... . SO good for hangovers.
Located inside Planet Hollywood, the Earl of Sandwich is a great place for sandwiches. :). . If you go around thanksgiving, try out the Thanksgiving sandwich--OMG.. . All other sandwiches are great, too. And yes, in case you are wondering, I have tried them all.. . Open 24/7 and very good prices.
I ended up going here twice.  The first time I went around 1:30 in the afternoon and there was no line and I got my sandwich before I had the chance to sit down.  The second time I went around noon and had to wait in line, but it still only took about 5 minutes to receive my order.. . I like this place because it is cheap for Las Vegas and it is so good.  I got 'The Original 1762' the first time and then I got 'The Full Montagu' the second time.  Both sandwiches were delicious and filling.  I even decided to try out the tomato soup on my second trip and was not disappointed.. . Overall, this is a must try for anyone and is especially great if you prefer to lose all your money gambling instead of on food.
So many raving reviews that we just had to check it out. We arrived at around lunch time (12:30 pm) and the line was super long.  We waited about 15 minutes in line to place our orders.  They had a decent size menu with a variety of choices.  The price was very affordable at $5.99 for a hot sandwich or wrap.  Their service can be improved because the cashier was definitely not helpful. But at least the food came out fast and fresh. . . Hawaiian BBQ: If you like ham and pineapple this is definitely a top choice.  The bread was perfectly toasted like a panini and the BBQ flavor was sweet and flavorful.  . . The Full Montagu: Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, Roma tomato, and Earl's mustard. This one tasted like a classic sandwich.  It was hot, fresh, and of great quality.  It wasn't greasy, but delicious.  However, it doesn't have the unique flavors of the Hawaiian BBQ.. . Overall: Probably the cheapest, yummiest, and most convenient food spots in Vegas!
Great sandwiches at a low price. It's so refreshing to find a place that is light on the wallet without being light on the taste. Breakfast, sandwiches, soups, salads, desserts and beverages. What else could you ask for? . . Breakfast was $3.99 for an egg, cheddar, and ham sandwich on  warm, soft, toasted bread. The bread really makes their sandwiches. . . Lunch we had the creamy tomato soup ($3.99) which was great. It really was creamy with a nice amount of herbs, garlic and croutons. For sandwiches we tried the Italian (awesome), the club (great), the Full Montagu (good), and the Caprese (tasty, but not my favorite compared to the others). $5.99 for those.  Once again, the bread makes it.. . What's really cool is everything is packaged to go (including the soup) so it's easy to carry back to the room or to find a place to sit as they have quite a bit of seating.. . For tasty, cheap eats, this is a must stop.
This is my favorite sandwich place to eat when I come to Las Vegas. I have never had a bad sandwich and their soup is delicious!  The price is perfect. Me and my boyfriend come for dinner and it's under $20. The thanksgiving sandwich they had during the holidays was by far my favorite. They should serve it year round! A must go to when in Vegas and its open 24 hours!
ONE OF THE BEST DAMN SANDWICHES I HAVE EVER TASTED!!!!. I think they sprinkle crack in these things cuz i could have gotten and polished off 2!. Lets see where do I start,. . Price is about $5.99 per sand which they have other things on the menu but that's what we went for. . Convenience - OPEN 24 HRS A DAY EVERYDAY!!! need i say more.. . . I Had the 1972, AMAZING, my friends had the Full Montagu and the Meat ball... those were D Lish too!!!. . The Earls Lemonade is their take on an Arnold Palmer, super yummy!. . I so wish they had one in California near me - dang would be there at least once a week!!!. . The flavors of the sand which pop in your mouth, the bread is so fluffy yet crispy and the size is just right.. . It's in the Mile shops right next to Planet Hollywood, everything is packaged to go so you can eat it there or take it with you! I suggest eating it there while its piping hot!!!. . Oh yes i will be back!
I agree with 99% of what other people review about Earl Sandwich! Their sandwich is fresh and delicious. The other thing that amazed me the most is how affordable it is - especially in vegas. If you ever lose all your money from gambling and end up going to McDonald, chipotle, or Panda express, well screw that shit...Make a trip to Earl for a fresh, delicious, and healthier sandwich for less than $7!!! . . To Earl of Sandwich: you guys straight up have almost 2000 reviews and have already proven a point to the rest of the eating places in vegas!!!! Good Job and keep up the good work!!!!
EARLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . Heavenly hot sandwiches...and the bread...THE BREAD!!!!! So soft...yet crispy.... . Since I discovered Earl's about 2 trips ago, I've made eating at Earl's mandatory while in Vegas. I will pester my friends to go every other meal. For $6 a sandwich, it is an absolute STEAL. If the $6 price tag isn't enough to convince you to come, they are also DELICIOUS. The Original, Full Montagu...they're all FANTASTIC.. . And they're open 24/7! But it does tend to get crowded at peak eating hours.. . I have joked to my friends about opening up an Earl's franchise location in California...but little do they know I am not joking...
Best Sandwiches I have Ever Tasted!. . And I'm a sandwich freak lol. So many different combinations you just don't know what to choose.. It's fast, perfectly grilled, big enough to satisfy you and yummy!!!!. It beats every place in both cali and nevada . The staff is friendly and efficient.. The wait was very short, even though there were tons of ppl here. . On my stay in Vegas I eat here twice and I have no complains.. I can't wait until they open in Downtown Disney.. I'm counting down the months :)
Probably the best sandwiches in vegas
I love this place! I don't know if its their style of ordering, the toasty delicious bread, variety of sides & drinks, location of being in Planet Hollywood, service, or just the sandwiches.. But this place is inviting & worth it. Their soups are even good. & they even sell beer!
I am so glad I ended my Vegas trip eating at Earl of Sandwich, and even more glad that they're opening up a second location in Anaheim. It was delicious and better than what I had expected. I already had seen the reviews, heard the raves about the warm sandwiches from my friend, but it was so delicious that it has to be about the best sandwich ever - and at an affordable price!. . So Earl's is open 24 hours and is located in Planet Hollywood. I'm sure people flock here after the clubbing events and whatnot - that explains the 24 hours deal. We came here around 12 on a Saturday and there was a long line, but not too long a wait. You basically give your order to the cashier and she gives you a beeper and a receipt where you slide down the counter (watching them make the sandwiches and salads) before you pay at the second cashier. And a few minutes after that, your beeper rings signaling you to pick up your sandwich. . . There were so many great options that I really wanted to try them all. In the end, I got The Earl's Club (Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce) and my friend got the Tuna and we traded half. The Club was really good - but what's so great about it is that the bread is warm and crispy, making the sandwich an overall plus. There wasn't too much bacon, but I liked the amount of turkey that was in it. The tuna was also great. The warm bread, a plus, and the tuna salad inside was awesome (better than Subway!). They cut the sandwich for you into a bigger half and a smaller half, but the overall sandwich is not that big. Perhaps about 6 inches. Each is wrapped up in a gold foil with a pretty sticker to differentiate between the various sandwiches. . . There's a few tables to sit down and eat and relax. For the price of the sandwich (around six/seven dollars), I was pretty pleased. If only they came with some complimentary potato chips on the side :) . . Can't wait to try the other sandwiches!
Whoever decided that this place should be open 24 hours was smart. We got tired of buffets that closed before 10pm, and it didn't make sense for a city that never sleeps to have fast food open only at night. The hot sandwiches were amazing, we ordered their club sandwich and original, with macaroni salad. After driving around looking for decent food that wasn't overpriced, we were really happy. We ate for under $20. I wish that we had heard of this place sooner instead of waste money on overpriced food that left us still hungry! We will definitely be returning!
$6.99 for an amazing sandwich in the middle of The Strip when we were surrounded by other places that charge three times that amount for a meal that isn't half as tasty.  Go with the jerked chicken and you'll leave very happy.. . Open 24 hours.
Simply perfect. Sandwich. They deliver what they say they do a great tasting sandwich perfectly toasted crisp lettuce nice red tomatoes bread is baked fresh! Moneys worth! Love it!
Probably the best deal you can get in Vegas.  For the price of one hand of blackjack you can get a nice hot sandwich and a full belly.  . . I came back twice just because I liked it so much.. . I dug the Veggie (lent) and it was pretty awesome!  I also had the full Montague and it was delish as well.  The meat is perfection, nice and rare and juicy, I just wish I could have a huge pile of the meat!. . The Caprese was okay, I kinda felt like it was an afterthought.  And their was only one piece of basil for the entire sandwich....I'd skip that one next time.. . Someone should open up a franchise in LA because it would make a killing.
Not going to lie, I ate here 3 times in a 3 day stay in Vegas. Great at all hours of the day/night!
Holly crap....that was the BEST TUNA MELT I've ever had in my entire life. It had the texture of a crab, flaky yet delicate. Oh I can't wait to go back. I should've bought 10 more for the trip back to the Bay. But I probably would've eaten all of it in the car.
Must admit, this place does it stuff good, but I did only try two things. I got the tuna sandwich because my friend told me to. I asked for extra lettuce and tomatoes, but they were kinda skimpy on that. One thing I don't like is that they don't ask what toppings you want on your sandwich. I want me more veggies, goddarnittt!!! :-P But the sandwich was tasty. Good size for me, but I was surprised my boyfriend or any guy would be satiated by a sandwich this size. . . My boyfriend enjoyed the Earl's Club so much he ordered it both times we went.. . Second time, I got the tomato soup. OOooooo my god. It was savory yet sweet and creamy and piping hot. The croutons they put in there stay crisp on the inside, although I wish they didn't put the croutons in before you even open your soup. . . Good price for Vegas and good taste. I'm joining the Earl's fans.. Honestly wish I could have had it one last time before I left Vegas...
Best sandwich spot ever! Great price, love the original Earl sandwich, and the tuna. I tried many others and they are all great!
Love this place!!! I wish they have one in LA!!! Fast services even though the line is always long. We got the Earl's Club and Chipotle Chicken Sandwich. Both tasted great....I really think because their breads which makes this place different than others. I tried the Cobb club wrap and it was very tasty as well.  As for the pricing, you can't beat this as they are  located at the center of the strip. Will try other sandwiches when I have chance to come back to Planet Hollywood :))
I LOVE YOU EARL OF SANDWICHES!!! My mouth is watering as I am writing this review, just remembering the taste of the sandwiches! I was in vegas last weekend and for that whole weekend, all I had was Earl's sandwiches! So far I tried The Tuna Melt, Earl's Club and Jerk Chicken sandwiches. ALL OH SO GOOD! My favorite I have to say was the Earl's Club. I totally want to try the other sandwiches when I come back, or better yet please make up in the bay area!!! I'd seriously come here everyday to eat. lol The wait was not that bad, and the workers there are extremely  friendly, even though i was probably drunk and obnoxious lol Sorry! Definitely a place yuo need to come visit if you are ever around in the area!
I heart this place. We eat here at least twice everytime we vist las vegas. Great sanwiches! They have good breakfast sandwiches and coffee too. Keep up the good work Earl!
Best Sandwiches I've had in my life!!!! My friend and I came here after a crazy weekend. We heard about how good this place was from other people. As soon as we got there we knew it must be good cause there was a loooong line!! About 30min later we ordered what we wanted. I ordered the Tuna Melt and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. My friend got the Meatball one and the Tuna Melt. After waiting anxiously for our sandwiches, our order was finally ready. I took my first bite into the Tuna Melt and it was so freaking good I almost cried. Crunchy warm toasted bread, soft flaky tuna with perfectly gooey melted cheese. Best Tuna Melt ever!!!!! The Caribbean Jerk Chicken was pretty good too but nothing compared to that perfect Tuna Melt. Earl of Sandwich..... I will never have a sandwich elsewhere. Definitely coming back whenever I'm in Vegas!! Hopefully this time I won't lose money on my way in...
Great cheap lunch!  Tomato soups great too!
My bf and I always go here when we're in Vegas even when we're already super full from a previous meal. Yes, it's that good. The first time we ever tried it, we had it twice in a day!. . I've tried the earl's club, full montagu, tuna melt, and the original. All were fantastic.
I love this place, everytime I'm in Vegas, I make it a priority to go to Earl's. For the quality of food, the price is very good. Try the earl club, you won't be disappointed.
Sandwiches get no closer to perfection than the ones at Earl of Sandwich.. . On my last visit to Vegas, we made treks to Earl of Sandwich after clubbing at TAO and Marquee on two different nights. True, I was drunk off my ass both times, and so that could have greatly influenced my love for each bite of my sandwich. But, honestly, my measure of Earl's greatness is that I actually remember each delicious bite in what was otherwise a night of blurry flashbacks. I can still taste my Tuna Melt sandwich, even to this day, and it brings back such fond memories of a time when life was truly great.. . Additionally, I brought back a Caribbean Jerk Chicken back to my hotel room, passing out before I could touch it. I woke up the next morning, hungover and hating life -- the last thing I could think about was food. However, I took one bite of that cold Caribbean Jerk Chicken that was sitting out for over 8 hours in the hotel room and even THAT was damn delicious. . . On my third visit (in the same weekend to Earl's), I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich again since I wanted to try it how it was intended (hot and crispy). It went amazingly well with my bowl of Tomato Bisque.. . I'm the type of person who strives to try new places all of the time. If I'm in Vegas for 2 days, then I will make it a mission to try a new place every meal. I very rarely ever go back to the same place twice in the same week, let alone the same 2 days.. . Earl of Sandwich is so good that I not only ate it 3 times in the span of 2 days, but I was craving it all the way home. Now THAT is the only indicator you need to let you know that you've stumbled upon something phenomenal.
This is a staple in Vegas. Located inside the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood. I stayed at the Aria so I found my way over there several times within three days.. . My friend and I got different sandwiches and shared them because the sandwiches are cut in half and wrapped in gold foil. And it's only about $6.. . These sandwiches are some of the best hot sandwiches I've had in my life. And this means a lot because I'm not a big sandwich person. In fact, I don't usually like sandwiches at all unless it's from Earl or Mendocino Farms (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mendocino-farms-marina-del-rey#hrid:i5yib0JkoKXuHvnn33_ofg).. . I haven't tried a sandwich that I didn't find delicious. I tried the Full Montagu, The Original 1762, The Earl's Club, and the Italian sandwiches. They were all good in different ways. The Original 1762 doesn't have much on the sandwich, but it's simple and delicious. I loved the kick from the horseradish sauce. . . My goal is to try them all!. . They have specials as well. I think the current special is the chicken, bacon, avocado sandwich.. . I'm so excited for the new Downtown Disney location to open. I can fulfill all my Earl of Sandwiches craving there!
Super convenient and delicious!
Every time my friends go to Vegas, they eat here, and I just had it for the first time today. Let me say, don't let the long line deter you, its SO GOOD. I had the turkey club and my MOH had the original and we halfsies and sharsies and man, easily places in the top 3 best sandwiches I have ever had in my LIFE!. . Meat so tender, bread warm and soft. After you order, doesn't take long to get your food. I wish I had an Earls in San Jose. I will definitely be back anytime I am in Vegas.
The Earl's original sandwich is the best sandwich I've ever had.. . The bread was perfectly crisp, the horseradish sauce and cheese combined with the most tender beef made for a perfect sandwich!
This is a treasure of Planet Hollywood. When the sandwiches comes out, they are works of perfection wrapped in gold. If you like sandwiches or are looking for a quick bite, look for this place.. . I think they open pretty late. I had a bunch of their sandwiches, but my favorite is the Jerk Chicken Sandwich. The bread is so crispy but still soft.
This place is a home run. Variety of sandwich choices, decent waiting times, and fairly priced. Not to mention that this place is 24hrs! Better than a lot of food being served around the strip.. . Caribbean Jerk Chicken and Full Montague are probably the only ones I personally like, though. The Italian and the Original weren't anything special. Also split a ice cream sandwich with 3 others once and it was pretty good! Although super thick, I never wouldn't have finished even half of it by myself.. . I don't feel like this place really warrants a 5, but looking at their surroundings, their wait time, pricing, and taste are just superior to everything else. Though anywhere else, this would just be a 4.
Earl of Sandwich!!!!! . Each sandwich option is amazing!!! All the vegetables are fresh and healthy.  . This place is open 24/7!!! Definitely a place to go either before or after the clubs.  . Frequent this place!
Personally, there is one important factor that can make or break a sammie: the bread. Luckily for Earl of Sandwich, the bread has a light crisp on the outside with a moist, soft, and chewy texture on the inside... no cutting the roof of your mouth here... thank you sandwich gods!. . As a first timer this weekend, I decided to try the original sandwich..the meat to bread ratio was decent and the horseradish sauce was not too over powering in flavor; great compliment for the thinly sliced and tender roast beef and cheese...  I was able to taste my friend's club sandwich which was equally as heavenly as mine. For the price, portion, and quality, this sandwich has amazing value...half of one sandwich and some chips made me full but the fatty inside me could not put it down... i had to finish it while it was still warm LOL. . Definitely gonna be back to try more on their menu on my next visit to Sin City.
Why must all delicious sandwiches be so far away from me!!!  Definitely top 5 sandwiches ever.  The bread is to die for.  And they are pretty cheap.  Plus open 24/7 in Vegas?  Ingenious.
The cookies! Just wow! If you're looking for something cheap, filling and awesome, earls is the way to go! The boyfriend and I love staying in the cosmo just because it's right next to Earls! You can't go wrong with the Full Montague. It'll convert a mustard hater to a mustard lover! And if you're feeling really adventurous, the sweet and savoriness of the All American won't steer you in the wrong direction.
I want to stay in Planet Hollywood next time I go to Vegas JUST so I can come to Earl of Sandwich for late night drunchies/early morning hangover food.. . Cheap, delicious, filling.  Not much more to say.  I got the Earl Club, which was excellent.  HOWEVER, my friends got the All American and I have to say this must be the most PERFECT sandwich I've ever eaten!  Turkey, ranch, cheddar, your typical sandwich fixings and..... wait for it.... CRANBERRIES.  YES, the cranberries really elevate this sandwich to another level.  They add a sweetness and tang that along with the tomato cuts the richness of the rest of the sandwich.  AMAZING!. . The sandwiches only run for $6 so they're the perfect anytime Vegas meal.  Though their Earl Gray lemonade looked like the perfect match to their tasty sandwiches, I feel like a single sandwich is a meal on it's own.. . Cannot WAIT to come back here again!
absolutely delicious. . yummy pasta salad. . my sandwich was amazing. went back the next day too!. . i will be back if i dont lose all my money in the casino first
The first Earl's I enjoyed was a friend's refrigerated leftover, so I just had to try a fresh one.. . Took my boyfriend recently. We went around 1am on a Saturday. The place was packed but line moved quickly. We got paged within 5 minutes after ordering.. . We shared the Earl's Club and the French Dip. Both were delicious. All we needed was a bottle of hot sauce (we devoured the sandwiches in our hotel room at Cosmo). The French Dip came with the Aju on the side, which I dipped my half of the Earl's Club - yum! Also their bread had the texture of a focaccia. Both sandwiches costed me $12.95 only!. . We're definitely trying other sandwiches.
They're opening one in Downtown Disney. . . Wishes DO come true!
Great sandwich place and open 24hrs and a cheap meal :)
I'm not a huge sandwich person... but you wouldn't know it whenever I stay at Planet Hollywood.  I literally want EOS for every meal.  The bread they make and use is so fresh and perfect with every sandwich.  A smaller bun is used for their breakfast sandwiches... but hits the spot, all the same.  . . I've had the following: . - the ultimate grilled cheese. - the tuna melt with swiss (I request for them to add lettuce and tomato... no extra charge!). - the earl's club with turkey and bacon. - the full montagu - roast beef and turkey. - the breakfast blt (i request to add egg on mine... no extra charge!). - the caprese - they definitely don't skimp on the mozzarrella!  . - the blt . - the tomato soup. . Everything.  And I mean EVERYTHING above is delicious.  However, the tuna melt is my all time favorite.  $5.99 for a regular sandwich and $3.99 for a breakfast one... can't get a better quality meal for that price on the strip!  . . Wish I ordered an extra one yesterday to have today while I drool and write this review...
This place is GREAT to go to at anytime.  It's open all the time, so when you get hungry after drinking and partying all night at the club, it'll be open and waiting for you (and actually still pretty packed).  The prices are great, especially for Vegas, and the sandwiches are delicious too.  I've had the first 3 (Original, Earl's Club, and Montagu) and thought they were ALL great.  . . It's a bit loud, but if you're in Vegas you probably don't care that much.  Also, the line might look long, but it moves pretty fast, so don't worry too much about it.  . . Overall: A great place to get lunch or an after-clubbing snack for cheap (since I assume you bought too many drinks and are currently feeling poor).
Came here around 11:30 pm & no line so we got order in fast...(line came after)... Had the limited time only Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich!! Sooo delicious!!! Would definitely eat here again & recommend others to eat here.. Very cheap ($5.99) & don't forget when you check-in, get a coupon book so you can get an extra 10% off your entire purchase..
FANTASTIC !! one the best places to eat good sandwich  love it !!!
EVERYTIME I come to vegas I have to make a stop at Earl's! O yeah and I also make sure I order some for the 4 hour drive back home to the OC haha. It ain't no subway thats' for sure. . . I love the artisan bread they have and that everything is cooked fresh when you order. Most of the time my friends & I stay in PH so this is convenient for those late night cravings cause it's open 24 hrs. Usually you'll see a long line but don't get intimidated the cashiers are usually fast.. . On to the sandwiches:. Hawaiian BBQ - MY FAVORITE! If you've had Papa john's hawaiian bbq chicken pizza well this is what it tastes like except better cause of their bread. . Earl's Club - pretty standard turkey sandwich, but the bacon adds the extra crisp. . The Full Montagu - MMM the aged swiss & cheddar cheeses melt in your mouth combined w/ the delicious roast beef & turkey slices. . Carribean Jerk Chicken - love the spicy jerk sauce. don't worry it's not super spicy or anything you just get a tangy kick. the red & yellow peppers make it great. . Sigh writing this review makes me want to go to vegas now to grab one of their sandwiches :( thank god they are opening one at downtown disney so it's closer to home!!
Oh my god! I don't know if I was just really hungry or if I was really drunk, but this time their sandwiches were amazing!!!. . The Full Montagu and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken were soooooo good. The sandwiches had so much flavor. Perfect amount of meat. The bread lightly toasted and crunchy. And the peppers and jerk sauce in the Caribbean Jerk Chicken were just heavenly. The sandwiches were also the right size just enough to satisfy me.. . A Vegas trip is never complete now without a trip to Earl of Sandwich.
If you have never been to the Earl of Sandwich, you are missing out.  Actually, missing out is an understatement.  I wish I could eat here every day in Vegas.. . . "Sandwiched" in-between the Planet Hollywood Casino and Miracle Mile Shopping Mall, this cafe-style restaurant efficiently gets you delicious food at under $10.  . ---. . BUT, let's establish some ground rules first, shall we:. . 1. You will wait in a long line if you go during peak meal hours - meaning try to go with a couple people.  If not, at least you'll have a giant Wheel of Fortune/Batman/American Idol slot machine to stare at to pass the time.. . 2. Do not order vegetarian sandwiches or tuna.  In fact, don't bother ordering anything  except The Full Montague on your first time.  Stop being a fancy yelper and order something that nobody else does so you can give this place a bad rating.. . ---. . The Earl of Sandwich experience bases around one thing: TASTE.  I am not going to go on an on about ingredients, as everything in Vegas is bad for you (yes, even the gambling....). . . After you come back to this place because you love it so much, get The Full Montague with Broccoli Cheese soup.  Dip said Earl Sandwich into Broccoli Cheese soup and eat it.  Repeat until full sandwich and soup is gone.  . . Portions don't seem huge, but you'll be full by the time you're done.. . And just remember - What Happens In Vegas, Stays In Vegas...except ranting about how awesome Earl of Sandwich is.
SO GOOODDD!. I had "The Original" which is basically a roast beef sandwich with mustard.. But it was SO delicious!! The meat was juicy and tender and the mustard gave it just the right kick. Beat part about it though, was the bread, which was toasted so the outside crust is crispy and crusty, but the inside is still soft and chewy.. Great for a midnight snack in Vegas. 5 STARSSS
Wowww!. . Arguably one of the best sandwiches places i've been to! I've ordered 6 different items from there and all of them were on point! My personal favorite is the holiday sandwich. It is available only for November and December for the holiday season. Sooo good! . . Also a perfect place for the carb conscious people. They offer an array of really good wraps as well. . . I would definitely recommend this place. If you go at the wrong time, you'll catch a pretty long line, but in the end, well well worth the wait.
All I gotta say is that this place is AWESOME. Every single freakin time I go to Vegas, I always stop here. The line is atrociously long, but service is incredibly fast. Earl of Sandwich should be on everyone's bucket list!
I'm not a big fan of sandwiches.  But wow...  Earl's hot sandwiches is so good.  I had 4 different kinds of Earl's sandwiches for the short visit to Vegas this past weekend. . . 2 thumbs up for the Original & 2 thumbs up for the Full Montagu.. . Their chicken chipotle with avocado was ok.  The all american is good too!. . It was worth the walk from Palazzo to Planet Hollywood.
Hands down, one of the best tuna melts I have ever had!  Bread was light and fluffy with a chewy outside.  Sandwich melted in my mouth.  Tea was freshly brewed.  A definite stop on the strip for hungry travelers
Earl, Earl, EARL!?. . The day I was starving and stumbled across this very venue in Planet Hollywood... Was the best risk I took by far! as I followed my instinct to the long line, I was reassuringly greeted by cheap prices! I was convinced I had made the right choice, I placed my order, My order was in my mouth in less than several minutes... My eyes squinted as the flavorful/ delectable (Earl Original sandwich) seduced me... I was sold and enough  money left on my pocket book to purchase my 42oz Fat Tuesday. . WOO HOO!! PARTAY !! ...(in my belly that is!) lol
Love this new find!  The sandwiches were absolutely delicious and very reasonably priced. The turkey with the cranberry sauce and the meatball sandwich were both very good.  The bread makes the sandwich.  Delicious.  It was crowded but it moved quick and it wasn't too difficult to find seating despite it being a busy Sunday afternoon.  Definitely a great place to soak up the alcohol after a day and/or night of Vegas drinking.  If we had one of these close by, we would go all the time.
I love their sandwiches, it's so delicious.  My favorite is the full montagu, omg it's super duper good.  Wish they had one in CA.  The salads were okay, it's about $7 but isn't worth it.  I would stick with their sandwiches instead.  My hubby is a big fan of their tuna sandwiches!
Delicious!! Kinda reminded me of a better Quiznos. We got the full something and shared it. Luckily we weren't too hungry. Half would be to small to eat if you were hungry.
I FINALLY GOT TO TRY THE FAMOUS EARL'S. . After marquee's day club, we headed over to earl's. Hawaiian BBQ immediately appealed to me so I didn't even bother to consider the others. . . It definitely did not disappoint, the ham, pineapple, cheese complemented each other perfectly! All on perfectly toasted bread! Best of all, this delicious sammy was ONLY 6ish dollars! SCORE.. . Definitely a must try when you're in VEGAS.
Open 24 hours. Free wifi. Super fast delicious food. What's not to love?. . I had a tuna melt on my first day there. And my last day, I had the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich with bacon. That's four things to guarantee a party in my mouth there. And indeed it was.. . I'm a cheap ass so $6 is too much for a sandwich, but whatever. 5 stars for you, Earl's! I wish there was one of you in San Diego! :D
I'm giving 5 stars to the food not the service, unfortunately. The food was delicious, the best sandwich in Vegas hands down. The price was reasonable for the strip. I had the ham and cheese hot sandwich and it was the best :) You have to try it! Can't wait for a closer location at The Palms.
If you are looking for a place for quality, down time food that is inexpensive, then this is your go to place. . . Located inside Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile, Earl's of Sandwhich is open 24 hours. . . Order our food was no problem at all since their service was excellent.. . My boyfriend and I tried both The Earl's Club (their popular one) and The Full Montagu. It was delicious!!! . . Definitely coming here when I come back to Vegas. :D
Very unique twists on wraps and cold and hot sandwitches if your looking to mix things up. I had the Mediterranean chicken salad wrap and it hit the spot.  Plus the sandwiches are reasonable priced around 6-7 dollars which is cheap next to other food joints that are way over priced for little amounts of food.. . dp
Best tuna melt sandwich ever!! . Always makes you want to come back for more.
How good can a sandwich be? My boyfriend said he had to take me to this "Earl of Sandwich" place in Planet Hollywood, and when we got to vegas, our suitemates already had sandwich wrappers everywhere.. . So I got a guitar filled with alcohol at the PBR Rock Bar and went went across to Earl's. I got the BLT - BLT is my favorite sandwich and I judge all sandwich places by their bacon. You order, take your buzzer down the line and then pay and have a seat. . . The sandwich was out fast, and for such a long line, there was seat readily available. Did I mention this is 24 hours?. . AMAZING. I went back another day and had the same thing, the bread is what makes it - crunchy on the outside but too doughy and filling... so good. It's good buzzed, drunk, or sober, just GOOD. I dream of this sandwich. Best BLT ever.. . The tomato soup had garlic (I think) croutons floating in it which is awesome, and the chicken noodle was thick and very flavorful !
It's definitely a pricey sandwich but one of the best I've ever had. The line is long but moves quickly. I had the one with cranberries, a buttermilk sauce, warm turkey, etc.... OMG YUM!!. . When a sandwich is good, it's good!
Every time I come to Vegas I have to stop at Earl of Sandwich which is located inside Planet Hollywood.  There are so many good things about this place, I don't know where to begin.  First this place is open 24 hrs 7 days a week, and in Vegas this is the best thing ever.  Next they have some very delicious sandwiches.  Ive tried the tuna melt, Hawaiian BBQ, and Caribbean Jerk Chicken.  These are some of the best ones they have.  All 3 of them are equally good and recommend any of these.  Another plus is that these sandwiches are only $5.99 which is a very reasonable price for what you get.  I also love that each table has a bottle of Grey Poupon to add to the flavor of each sandwich.
Learned of this place from listening to the Five Hundy by Midnight Podcast.. . If you are in Vegas, go to Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood.  Its open 24/7. If there is a long line wait.  The sandwiches are perfectly balanced. The price is a steal for Vegas.  The service is quick and efficient.  Also, free Wi-Fi.. . My fear is that as it expands EoS will lose its high standards and become just another chain.  Until that day, that I hope never comes, EoS will be the standard I use to judge all other sandwiches.
Prior to going to Vegas I did my homework and made this place an absolute priority.  I don't usually eat sandwiches and if I do,it's going to be a damn good one and Earl of Sandwiches did not disappoint.. . Got here about 10:30am and the line was 20 deep.  It was worth the wait.  They're pretty fast and efficient with the ordering.. . We got a breakfast sandwich to start and regular sandwiches for lunch.  .  - Egg, bacon, cheddar 3.99.  - Egg, ham, swiss 3.99.  - The Original 1762  5.99.  - Tuna Melt 5.99. . All of the above was fantastic!  Great ingredients and the bread that held everything together was melt in your mouth good!  . . After a long expensive weekend in vegas, the price is definitely pocket friendly.
Cheap ($5.99) good sandwiches in Vegas! . . I definitely had Earl of Sandwich 3 meals in a row the last time I was in Vegas since we stayed in Planet Hollywood! I love that bread is toasted and everything comes together so well in just about 10-15 minutes. Their bacon is delicious! Breakfast sandwiches are around $3.50 and is probably cheapest breakfast you can get besides perhaps McDonalds. . . Quick hint: The lines are always long, but it moves pretty quickly. BUT if you call in for your order, your order comes out even before the people who are waiting in line! Saves you so much time!!
After eating Earl of Sandwich located in Las Vegas, every other sandwich you will ever eat in your life will be disgusting. This place is cheap and exceeds your expectations for a sandwich.
Omg! This place was amazing!!! . . Apparently, it's open 24 hours. I went during prime lunch time which may be why the line was so long. But don't get discouraged! The line went by super fast (under 10 minutes and the line was around the corner). But omg, this was great!!. . I WAS going to order the club sandwich. But I was lured by the ads of the Chipotle Chicken Sandwich which was only available for a limited time! So I ordered that, and omg, I didn't want the sandwich to end!! MMMmmmmm!. . And then my hunnie got the Montagu which he killed so fast I didn't even have the chance to ask him for a bite (since I was too busy killing my own sandwich also). . . This place is a place I will definitely make a point to visit on every trip to Vegas I make from now on! For $5.99/sandwich??? In VEGAS?? For something this delicious?!!!?! Unheard of!
This place is a MUST-GO while you're in Vegas. It's located inside Planet Hollywood and across from Rockbar, Fat Tuesday, and a Batman arcade game area. . . Sometimes the line looks long, but don't let that be deceiving. They are very efficient and it will be worth the wait, trust me. I've had the Earl's Club, Italian, and Full Montagu. I hear their cobb wraps are just as good. Their sandwiches are about $6, which is the best cheapest thing you can get in Vegas for an amazing hot sandwich.. . I make a stop here at least twice on every Vegas trip I've made. Earl's is too irresistible. At one point, Earl's was my breakfast/lunch/dinner/post-club food @ 6AM. It's 24 hours so if you're feeling hungry or need some hangover food, go here!
If only Earl was a lot closer... 264.8 miles apart to be exact and it hurts because Earl is so darn good and I've been craving it since the day I left Vegas. :(. . To be honest, I didn't know about Earl's until last year. My guy friend told me about Earl of Sandwich in Vegas and he was ranting about how it's the best sandwich on earth. Intrigued, I signed up for Earl's club immediately and decide to give it a try next time I went to Vegas, which was this past weekend for my 23rd birthday. :). . I got to Earl's on Saturday around 12pm and boyyyyyy, the line was pretty long. But no need to worry because the workers there are super speedy and you'll have your food in due time! I knew which sandwich I wanted in a heartbeat, "The Full Montagu". Freshly roasted beef, turkey, aged swiss and cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard sauce. Mmm, just thinking about it makes my mouth water! I want some NAO.. . Anyway, Earl's sandwiches are nicely toasted, which makes the outside crisp yet they somehow manage to keep the bread moist and soft in the inside. Cheese are hot and stringy while my mustard sauce gave a nice kick to the sandwich. I added some pepper that they had on their dining table, which wasn't just regular pepper. It was a little bit herby and tasted bombbbb. My best friend got herself the "Hawaiian BBQ" and she also loved her sandwich, which means a lot knowing she's a picky eater hah. . And the best thing about my first Earl of Sandwich experience was that it was FREE (not that it's expensive to begin with). Yay, thanks Earl's club for my freebie coupon! I'll be satisfying my craving next weekend when I'm in Vegas again!. . OH, ps., did I mention this place is open 24/7? You deserve A+++ in my book. :D
I found this place from yelp an I loved it. taste of food is awesome. prices are really good. and now I am looking forward to go other places because I miss it.
I can't help but think of a big royal announcement whenever I'm here - "The EARLLLLLLL of Sandwich!". . This quick serve sandwich chain is far superior to Subway and Quizno's. They're still sandwiches - great artisan bread, meat, and cheese - but might as well go to the best. It's amazing that they exist in mostly price gouging areas (airports, Vegas, Disney) and manage to sell their wares for $5.99 a pop. Speaking of pop, skip it and go for the Earl's Grey Lemonade (their Arnold Palmer).
There's always a huge line but it always moves quickly... even when you're drunk!!. . Next time I go to Vegas I'm staying at the PH towers... now Elara... and one of the biggest factors in that decision was that Earl of Sandwich is right downstairs.
WOOHOO!. . HELLO EARL OF SANDWICH. Can I eat you everyday? Just keeeding, do you want me to get fat? Anyway.. I think I've been here at least 5 times. It is no Vegas trip w/o a trip to Earls.  It didn't help that we stayed at Planet Hollywood haha.  Brownie points for being open 24/7! Earl's club & the Italian are my all time favvvv! The hot tomato soup is mouth watering as well. I can't wait to go back & try the other sandwiches!
Probably one of the greatest eats on the Las Vegas Strip. I kid you not. You will NOT regret eating at Earl of Sandwiches. On my previous trip, my local friends went to eat here while I went to eat at Jasmine Restaurant in Bellagio. I would have rather eaten at Earl of Sandwiches that the fine dining place. Earl of Sandwiches is everything a sandwich should be. Great drunk food and it's 24 hours. Aside from the midnight specials for steak and eggs, Earl of Sandwiches has got to be the next best thing to eat while you're in Vegas!
good sandwiches! :) the line was loooong but it's worth it ;) . you should try it too!
INCREDIBLE!!. . This is my absolute favorite place for a quick meal in Las Vegas. There are no other places on the strip that have such affordable prices for such delicious hot sandwiches. . . Every time I'm in Vegas, we make at least two to three trips to Earl of Sandwich just because it's so delicious and it's open 24 hours. I would stay at Planet Hollywood just because they have this place downstairs near the Casino. . . I've tried a few of the sandwiches and they are all very good. But my favorite has to be the All-American! Hot turkey cranberry sandwich with ranch? You can't beat that!. . If you're staying in any hotel near to Planet Hollywood, you HAVE to go give Earl's a try. I promise you won't be disappointed.
Open 24 hours! I went there for lunch on Friday afternoon & the line wasn't too bad.  I got the Montagu, which was quite delicious.  Seating can get pretty bad during rush, but it wasn't too bad when I got there.  Your sandwiches come out very quickly as well.  I went there again on Sunday morning to pick up some sandwiches for the ride back.  I got the chipotle chicken sandwich, which was a limited time only item.  It wasn't THAT good bc I ate it when I got back to Cali, but i'm sure it would've been delicious if I ate itwhile it was fresh.  It's under $7 I believe for one.  Make sure to stop by here if you're ever in Vegas! I'm craving it AGAIN!
Excellent! This bread is unlike any sandwich bread I've ever had. Roast beef had a great smoky flavor, wish we had one in LA. Everything was ON POINT and cheap.
The best sandwich place by far in vegas!! For $6 it is a good decent size sandwich thats for sure! I tried their limited time chipotle chicken avocado and The Full Montagu. Both were very good but i prefer the montagu. All us girls got 2 sandwich one for now and one for after a night of dancing. Even though the sandwich was kept over night for breakfast the next morning it was still good. it didnt go bad even witht he avocado. i cant wait til they open one in SoCal. it would be like my little guilty pleasure.
They're running a special limited time only sandwich right now. Chipotle chicken with avocado or something like that?. . BOMB.  GO TRY IT.. . Meatball sandwich was whatever, I'd stay away.
These delicious awesome hot sandwiches really do deserve their royal gold robe incasing! I posed with my sandwich, as I posed with a brick of good. Smiling ear to ear before sinking my teeth into the deliciousness. Bread, meat, cheese, and everything in between was well played like a savory symphony. I really was smiling and eating at the same time :). . cons: holy moly the lines are long. Even at 5AM in the morning.. there's a bit of a line... . worth it? DEFINITELY!. I will keep one eye open for every other Earls Sandwiches in any city!
My absolute FAVORITE sandwich place, EVER. . . Love their new Chipotle Chicken Avocado! Fresh soft avocado, extremely flavorful and tender chicken, and none of those soggy bread nonsense! YAY! A very satisfying grab and go brunch. . . Other sandwiches that I recommend are the Cannonballs and Hawaiian BBQ! So so good...and as for the meatball sandwich, trust me when I tell'ya that this is not the same crap you get from the Subway. . . As for beverages, I fell in love with their Frozen Lemonade; a new benchmark for how all frozen lemonade should be made! . . Alright Earl, you got yourself another happy and returning customer. Keep up the good work!
My god it's delicious, AND cheap. Open 24 hours for those who party late into the night.
Yummy sandwich spot after clubbing. Price is good, the sandwich is one of the best sandwich I had. My favorite is the tuna sandwich. You gotta try it if you like tuna. :)
This is the spot to hit up everything Im in vegas. Super satisfying, at any hour!. . Carribean Jerk Chicken, Hawaiian is a bit too sweet. I dont recall what else i have tried, but im confident they're all amazingly delicious! YAH!!!!
Good and Cheap!!!. . Everyone, I mean EVERYONE tells me great things about this place. Earl is located in Planet Hollywood. You just line up, pick your sandwich, pick up anything else you'd like (e.g. Chips, desserts, yogurt), pay, and wait for your food. . . I opted for the CAPRESE SANDWICH. So good! Mozzarella, basil, tomatoes, and balsamic vinegar. SOO good! And what, four to five bucks only?! Wait, open 24 hours?! What?!  . . Can't wait until they open a location in down town Disney!!!
I never want to order sandwich any other place again except here. This place is legit!. . I tried the club, chiptole with chicken, and the original. I love it all. I can't pick a fave. The best part is that it was cheap (compare to other places you can eat in vegas). Its also24 hours!. . Heres a tip: to avoid the line just call in your order and go straight to the pick up line.
My boyfriend is a sandwich NUT and this is his new favorite place!!! His exact words were "this is the BEST sandwich I've ever had in my entire life". The chipotle chicken avacado sandwich is a must try! We live in San Diego and are planning a trip to Anaheim just for another sandwich :)
The best! Not over priced, great tasting, always fresh, and quick service even with a long line.
The Holiday sandwich is my fave! I swear I never tasted a sandwich like it and I can't wait to wrap my mouth around another one!
Really awesome sandwiches. probably not enough to fill you up if your really hungry. but the flavors and taste are great. free refills for drinks. enough space to sit comfortably. large parties are ok. just not to many. surrounded by slots and other things...noise level is medium high. close to the entrance where "pinks" is located. So you can pop in and out for a quick bite! open late too! gotta try it at least once...really worth it!
Come here during the winter, I believe its called the "holiday sandwich." Turkey, cranberry & mash potatoes! =9
Absolutely one of the most fantastic sandwiches I have ever had for a fast food joint.  If you can wait out the long line, it will definitely be worth it.  I was not expecting much because the sandwiches are visually underwhelming.  But after they go through the oven it is transformed into a masterpiece that orchestrates itself fully in your mouth.  The best way to describe it is if Quizno's had a love child with Hot Pockets. Don't expect a deli type of sandwich experience with meats piled high.  This is more on the level of a simple sandwich done to a higher level.
Honestly, if a 4.5 stars out of 2070 reviews doesn't make you want to try Earls than I don't know what will.  BUT. . Maybe it will be the $5.99 price tag for a hot sandwich. . Maybe it will be the soft toasted bread you get your sandwich on.. . Maybe it will be the fresh roast beef slices they put on your sandwich. . Maybe it will be the loud drunkards you can watch spilling out of Rock Bottom while you are standing in line at Earls. . Maybe it will be the gourmet brownie ice cream sandwiches they have. . . Maybe your a vegetarian so this is one of the only legit places you can get a healthy/veggie meal (Veggie and Caprese sub) . . Maybe it'll be the fact that since you're in Vegas you are opting to eat only one meal a day to save money for gambling. . . Maybe its the fact that they are open 24/7. . Do yourself a favor, stand in line (it goes by quickly) and try an Earl Sandwich. We went back twice in the 3 days we were in Vegas..... . YELP 365: 160/365
Earl's please come to Nor Cal. Your chipotle chicken makes me want to mission all the way back to Vegas so that I can just have the littlest taste of its awesomeness. Love that there wasn't a line at 4 in the morning. Until we meet again Earl of all sandwiches!
This place has BOMB sandwiches, definitely the best I've ever had in all sandwiches I've had in my life.  This place has to be on everyone's checklist for Vegas trips.  Lines are long but that just proves how popular it is and a testament to how great their sandwiches really are.  I swear each bite of a sandwich is so flavorful makes me wonder what do they put in it to make it so good!?! . . Prices are reasonable and I've only tried a few sandwiches but they were all fantastically flavorful.  I would give any of their sandwiches a try.  Sober or drunk this place is a must try.  It may become one of your favorite food places in Vegas :)  Oh and the best part is its open 24/7, so convenient!!
There is a reason why the line curving around Earl's which extends to the long pathway of PH's miracle mile exists everyday. Because the sandwiches are that. good.. . Earl's has never disappointed me - other than the brutally long wait that occurs at literally the most random times of day. I think I've waited less at noon than around 3-4pm. But duh, it's vegas, and when in vegas, bedtime doesn't happen til 6am so of course, lunch will take place later. So I suggest go as early as physically possible. . . The full montagu and caprese sandwiches are my favorites, but literally everything on the menu is delicious.. . Considering the lengthy line, service here is quick. I mean, lightning fast. After you order, the wait is no longer than 7 minutes (oddly specific of me, but I'm serious) to get your food. Making the long wait that much more worth it.
Hands down, one of the best sandwiches ever!  You gotta get the Tuna Melt -  Unreal!!!!  A visit to Vegas without stopping at Earl's is a waste -  It's located in Planet Hollywood
My bf and I went Monday night and Thursday night based on yelp reviews and we were NOT disappointed! The Italian, chipotle and Hawaiian sandwiches are so melty and full of flavor, I felt like I had a wonka golden ticket as I was unwrapping it! We definitely will go again!
Best sandwiches ever....period! A trip to vegas is.not.complete without an earl of sandwhich pit stop!
First time I had this place after my friends were racing about EARL's! Was walking back to our hotel pretty late and we stopped by. So Good. This place will have to be a routine every time I come back! BRAVO.... . Food: 8.5. Service: 6.5
There are so many amazing things I can write about Earl of Sandwich... . I can't believe I didn't stop by this place the last time I was in Vegas!! How could anyone resist a savory $6 lunch on the strip?! . . I tried The Full Montagu Sandwich, which seemed to be one of the more popular sandwiches on the menu. It consists of Roast Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss and Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes and Earl's Special MustardSauce. Damn this sandwich was good! Bread - perfect, combination of meats - perfect, toppings and sauce - PERFECT. . . There isn't much for me to say about the service or the ambiance, just because its at such a busy corner in Planet Hollywood, but the food can speak for itself. I think it's also important to note that the line is intimidatingly long, but never fear, it moves fairly quickly. I think it's safe to say that I'll be stopping by Earl's whenever I'm in Vegas. Although... it will be much easier getting my fix once the Anaheim location opens!! Until then... Vegas Earl of Sandwich it is!
YOU MUST COME HERE WHILE YOU'RE IN VEGAS!. . $6 sandwiches and open late. Need I say more?. . Whether you're going for lunch or late night, there is generally ALWAYS a line. However, the line moves quickly and food is totally worth it for what you get.. . I always order The Full Montagu. . . It's located in Planet Hollywood and it's a great place to go during the day to grab some grub and explore the countless shops they have.
Loved the tuna!
Awesome ! Just long lines around lunch hours
The best sandwich place in Las Vegas, their sandwiches are hot (literally) and the bread is irresistible. It's open 24 hours, so it's a good place to eat after being buzzed or so. The cost is low compared to Vegas standards, and the wait time for your order takes about 5 to 15 minutes. I ordered the Full Montagu the last time I went, and I enjoyed EVERY BITE of it. The frozen lemonade was also pretty good. So if you're on the strip, go down to Earl of Sandwich and order a sandwich. Or two. Or three. As much as you want.
Hands down one of the best and most tasty sandwich joints ever.  Went to take my canadian roommates here and they loved it. . Pros - food delicious and is just pure awesomeness .    open 24 hrs so day or night you can always have something delicious.    service is great for the amount of volume they get. . Cons - the club at planet hollywood sux? lol thats all i can think of . . =) enjoy
Best PB&J I've ever had and it was only $4 (kids menu only)
I feel like the last kid on the block to finally get a pair of the hottest high-tops (or should I say trying out the much talked about Earl).. . We were passing back through Vegas on our epic weekend in Utah, and we decided to spend a night in Vegas (believe me it was hard to leave the next day) the only request I had besides hitting up a buffet and laying out at the pool with a drink is to stop at Earl's and have a sandwich.. . With that in mind, we all planned to hit this place up for lunch the next day! . . Earl is easy to locate, half in the PH casino/half in the miracle mile mall. . We arrived about 1:00ish and there was a small line, it moved fast which was good. Trying to decide on what to order became a picked as fast as possible which is never an option for me since I saw four sandwiches that interested me!. . Their menu has plenty to pick from along with salads and wraps. . Going on the more "healthy" route I picked a wrap, now which one to choose from (oh the choices).. . A tiny part of me really wished they could have made the jerk chicken sandwich into a wrap, but they pretty much only can make salads into wraps (boo)! . . The cashiers are fast yet friendly. If you have a question, they are more than happy to answer it for you!. . It was our turn and I placed my order:. . The Earl's Cobb Wrap-grilled chicken, smoked bacon, Swiss and sharp cheddar cheese, Roma tomatoes, cucumber, cranberries and Buttermilk Ranch Dressing.. . I opted not to have the swiss cheese (not a fan). . . Tossed in some BBQ kettle chips and I was good to go, Minh grabbed our number, and a drink and we were off to find a table. . . Did not take us too long to find a place for the four of us to sit at. Getting our sandwich and wrap did not take too long either.. . Before I knew it, I had my much-awaited wrap sitting in front of me bagging to be open. I have to admit that i  had a "Willy Wonka" moment peeling back the golden paper. . . Sitting inside the golden paper was a delicious wrap filled with all the goodies; I could not take it anymore. I had to take a bite or two. . . Bite one... wow this is scrumdiddlyumptious! but oh no my chicken and lettuce fell out the back end of my wrap, the bf was super sweet to stop eating to go and get me a fork so I could eat what fell out. . . Bite two... I loved the cranberries in the wrap; it gave it a subtle sweet kick. The ranch was prefect in the amount they gave you.. . And yes, there was plenty of chicken, cheese, and bacon with every bite!. . The chips are good too, not to greasy but more of a lighter taste with a whole lot of flavor and crunch!. . I left not feeling overly full, but just the right amount of being satisfied! . . . Cannot wait until their new location in Anaheim opens! It will be Earltastic!!!
I'm not going to even read any of the other reviews and instead spend all my attention on talking about how amazing this place is. I always stay at Planet Hollywood when I'm in Vegas so it's a no brainer that I usually end up eating at the Spice Market Buffet(which happens to be the #1 rated buffet in Vegas) or The Buffet at the Aria ( which I believe should be the #1 rated). I always passed by Earl of Sandwich during my shopping trips at Miracle Mile, but I never sat down to try their food.. . Last week in Vegas as I was going back to my room around 5AM I realized just how hungry I was...and so there it was, Earl of Sandwich- OPEN 24 hours! Hell yes. I ordered myself a BLT Sandwich and to my surprise it was heavenly. The bacon was crisp-and there was an abundance of it. The mayo was not overdone, and the tomatoes, well just ask for extra tomatoes if you are like me ( I like a decent balance between my meats and tomatoes). And it cost like $7!!!!!. . I went to sleep and woke up dreaming about Earl of Sandwich..so I had it for breakfast....then lunch...and then dinner..and then a late night midnight snack. I wasn't the only one though, everyone in my group felt the same exact way. I rather eat Earl of Sandwich than go to those dumb restaurants- ( although that all you can eat Brazilian BBQ place at Caesars is the greatest place on Earth).. . What I ordered throughout my trip:. . BLT sandwich- ask for extra tomatoes. . Apple- DELICIOUS and fresh.. . Coffee- surprisingly amazing. Although Starbucks is located across the Black Jack  Tables, I wouldn't budge. . . Breakfast Sandwich- Eggs/Cheese/Bacon- AMAZING. . Chicken/Avocado Club- this was my second favorite sandwich, I really liked the sauce they used..might have been Chipotle sauce. YUM!. . . Anyways, just give them a try...you WON'T regret it.
As far as I'm concerned, this is the best sandwich (I've found so far) on the Vegas strip. I'm pretty sure I've ordered the same thing, The Full Montagu, all 3 times I've been to EoS, but why mess with something good?. . And if you're up for dessert, the double chocolate ice cream sandwich is SUPERB. If you're a fan of the Toll House variety, this one's even better.. . Could they use a better drink selection? Well, for a sandwich shop, it's actually pretty good.. . I just can't find any negatives here. 5 stars FTW.
All I can say is YUM! This place is awesome in so many different ways! . . We were staying at Planet Hollywood formy birthday weekend, and after a day worth of drinking, walking and going to Thunder from Down Under, we wanted a snack so my friend recommended this place. I didn't really think anything of it because I though, "Sandwich? Whatever, it's like Subways or Quiznos." I was totally wrong. I ordered the Earl club and it was the best sandwich I've ever had! The bread was perfectly toasted, a little crunch on the outside and nice soft and warm on the inside. The cheese was perfectly melted and blended into the meat and the bacon was savory and crunchy! What makes this place even better is it's open 24 hours! So while I was drunken passed out on the floor in my hotel room, my awesome boyfriend got me the American Sub and a brownie for the morning after. Even though it wasn't freshes, it still tasted awesome and the brownie tasted like it was homemade!  OH and the sandwiches are huge! It's more of a meal than a snack in my opinion!. . Only downside is that the lines get pretty long and the wait is even longer. When I went with my girls, we waited at least 15 minutes to get our order taken and then another 25 minutes to get our food. However, it was well worth it and I'm not even that big on sandwiches! I would totally recommended this place to anyone who hasn't tried it!
You don't have to be drunk and stumbling in at 2 am to love this place (though I'm sure they are use to it :) So freakin good!  Turkey Club was amazing!  For my Homies in the 407, there is one in Lake Buena Vista!
As far as lunches on a budget goes, no one beats "Earl of Sandwich".  Fresh food, quick service, and best of all:  Fantastic flavors.  I recommend "The Original".
If you are in Vegas - this is a MUST GO TO PLACE. Line will be long but order the original and another sandwich. Order two for around 15bucks, it's a deal stopper out in LV!!!! Remember order two , if you wait in that line long enough you'll understand why I am telling you to order two.
Likes: chicken chipotle sandwich = DELICIOUS.  perfect after a long night out in Vegas. . Dislikes: coleslaw is soso
This place is aMUST!!  The sandwiches are amazing and the service is quick.
Oh my god amazing!. . Such a great find in Vegas.  Delicious cheap food, there for you whenever you could possibly be hungry.. . The tomato soup is incredible.. . I will be here often during all of my future Vegas trips.
Earl's is pretty much the only thing that can get me up in the morning after a long and crazy vegas night.. . The Original sandwich is my absolute favorite sandwich on the planet. Insanely tasty bread, roast beef cooked to perfection, melted cheese, and creamy horseradish sauce (mayo and horseradish, essentially). It's simple, yet SO delicious.  I can eat this sandwich for every meal when i'm in Vegas...I say this not for dramatic effect, but because I really can...and I pretty much have.. . The price is right and, though i can't speak for the quality of the rest of the sandwiches, the Original is so freaking tasty it doesn't matter what else is even on the menu.
Blackjack table robbed you? Payed the $100 cover to the nightclub the night before? Spent all your money on that one stripper? Earl of Sandwich FEELS YOU and is HERE FOR YOU.. . This place is just a sandwich spot. The reason it gets a 5 is because it does what it does well.Sandwiches are roughly 6 bucks and these sandwiches are GOOD. If Yelp doesn't persuade you, the long line to order will. These people aren't waiting in line for Subway sandwiches. . . My go-to sandwich is the FULL MONTAGUE. All ingredients are quality and fresh. They have a bunch of sides you can pick up with your sandwich that are also quality and fresh. It's not the best sandwich that I've ever had, but it's muhfuggin up there. . . I always come here when I visit Vegas. If you're not ballin and want some good food, make your way to Earl.
Wow... a decent priced meal in Vegas...and it was GOOD!  This is a great sandwich shop!  I love hot sandwiches, and this has to be one of ...if not the best I have had.  it is in a great location, just between the Miracle Mile shops and the Casino in Planet Hollywood.  I suggest making this a must stop for a bite! YUM!
This place is fantastic. First is because the sandwiches are so good, I have tried just about every one and you can't go wrong. The second reason is the price, I believe it's about 6 dollars or so for a sandwich, very cheap when you consider what else is on the strip. . . The only down side is that most of the time there is a long line, no matter what time of day you go. But the staff moves it along pretty well so the wait is never too long.
The first stop in Vegas upon arrival was this sandwich shop.  Apparently its so popular, I ran into my friend from California, Steve, at 1 in the morning.  It was strange because he was directly behind me in line and when I saw him, I thought, "What the hell.  Small world.". . Anyway, the line  moved fast. The decor was cool and from what my friend told me, everything on the menu was delicious.  I was happy since the prices were actually reasonable.  $6-$8 for a sandwich.  I ordered a bacon chicken sandwich.. . I can see why this place is so popular.  The service was great, the price is fair, and their sandwiches were so tasty.  They had a bread which looked like cibatta bread and their ingredients seemed fresh.  It came out warm and newly made.  Someone once told me that it was the bread that makes or breaks a sandwich and this was a hit.. . The portions filled me up and I got nothing bad to say.  Great all around!
I absolutely love this place. It's one of my go-to-first places in Vegas. It's in a great location, and it's open 24 hours!  I've only ordered the Tuna Melt for myself and shared the others, but it's seriously the best hot sandwich ever. They're also really decently priced--especially for what it is! It's $6-9, and totally worth it. They come in gold wrapping because that's what they are!. I've also heard great things about their desserts. My boyfriend loves their ice cream sandwich, but I forgot to try it last time... Too caught up in sandwiches, haha.  I was also able to take some back to Southern California a day later and they were still good!. . Overall, a must-go to. Fast, friendly, and amazing.
Love the affordable yummy sandwiches here!!! And I love how they give it to you in the foiled wrapper in the bag!
Earl of Sandwich.. how I love thee!. . The sandwiches are smaller in comparison to a subway sandwich, but these sandwiches are SO worth it! They are more filling than you would expect! . . I would definitely recommend the Original, the Earl Club and pretty much everything is good on the menu so you really cant go wrong! . . I've also tried their cheddar soup which was delicious and their ice cream sandwich, also delicious! But of course the main attraction are the beautiful sandwiches wrapped in gold!
Had the #1 and #2; recovery food at its finest!  $5.99 is one of the best bargains you'll find for lunch, dinner, or a late nighter in Planet Hollywood.  It's all about the bread!
Amazingly orgasmic $5.99 sandwiches to cure a majorly epic night of partying in Vegas! Located inside Planet Hollywood Hotel, 3am-3am, line can get long but goes fast. If you don't want to cash out on buffets all day you can get a sandwich here for every meal of the day coz its that worth it!
One of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time!  Each ingredient is superb and when put together, makes for a high quality and delicious sandwich.  I had the All-American, which came on perfectly toasted bread, with flavorful turkey.
I ate here again during a recent Vegas trip.  OK, I ate here three times during a recent Vegas trip.  Yep, it still rocks.
With all of the hype about this place, I thought it was going to be "just okay"...what can be SO GOOD about sandwiches?  Bread, meat, sauce, cheese..DONE.  Ummm...I definitely was wrong.  I tried Earl of Sandwich in the Planet Hollywood Hotel after going out and although the line was long, it was moving fast.  At first I couldn't decide on what to get, but I saw a sign for Chipotle Chicken Avocado (limited time) and I knew it was meant for me.  . . The employees are really funny even though it was 3 in the morning and they were super friendly!  . . I planned to eat half of the sandwich and save the other half for breakfast/lunch, but it was so delicious that I ate the whole thing before I knew it!  The bread was perfectly toasted, the chicken, lettuce, and bacon was so fresh and they were not stingy on the avocados!  . . P.S.  They are open 24 hours!!!!
Ummm....what can I say?!!!!. . I went to HEAVEN over the weekend! My girlfriend use to live in Orlando and she said we have to try Earl of Sandwich.  She said I won't regret it.  Well after a day of drinking, we had to try it.  The line btw for this place is RIDICULOUS!!!!! but so worth the wait.  . . Their most popular sandwich is the Tuna Melt.  It is phenomenal! I think it tastes even better when your drunk x10! . . We basically ate at Earl of Sandwich every night after drinking! . . All i can say is. . DO IT ! DO IT! DO IT! . . By extra for the morning after :) ahahhahh
Not sure if this place was really delicious because I was drunk or if this place is just that amazing. Either way, I don't expect to be fully sober anytime soon in Vegas, so that is not a major issue. I tried the original as well as the earl club because to be honest, one sandwich is not that big. You'll probably end up buying more than one to feel full. Thankfully, the staff is super fast and the intimidating line really isn't a problem. The sandwich itself was really good though. I was impressed by how the bread was able to retain its moisture and not dry out. Anyway, it's delicious; the Earl Club comes recommended by everyone. Check it out.
LOVE EARL OF SANDWICH. Read the hundreds of reviews here on yelp and decided to go eat there last week when I was in Las Vegas. Being a vegetarian I stuck to their two choices of capreseand veggie. The sandwiches were extremely fresh tasting and yummy and warm. The bread went really well with the toppings. The price ($6) was also a big plus in expensive vegas but I'd eat there even if they charged a bit more.. . The sandwiches were pretty big and we would share 2 sandwiches between 3 of us. Tried there double chocolate muffin too which was simply scrumptious (comparable to the cupcake I ate at Sugar factory).. . I just wish I had an Earl's in the bay area too:(
Needed a late night or early bird bite after a long night at XS. I parked in the structure and walked over to this Earl of Sandwich...indoors in the Planet Hollywood complex. The line was long as all party goers seem to know its 24 hours! But the line moved very quickly. . . What's cool about this Earl of Sandwich is they also keep a constant cleaning staff (I was there at 4 AM). There is always someone on standby cleaning down tables and rearranging the chairs, keeping the dining area looking clean and fresh! Nice!. . The sandwiches...not too many choices but it seems the flavors here are on point. Wasn't feeling anything particularly meaty since right after this I was going to go to bed. So I ordered a Hot Caprese Sandwich! Pressed to perfection, my sandwich was filled with thick mozzarella chunks, tomatoes, fresh basil leaves and drizzled with balsamic vinegar. YUM! Really hit the spot with a bag of chips and an iced tea.. . If you're trying to cure that hangover or really needed a bite before bed, this is definitely the place to be in LV!
Incredible sandwiches. Every single sandwich is great! The best sandwiches are the ones with roast beef and/or chicken. The sandwiches could be completely customized. You don't have to get the default sandwiches. Only 6 dollars for a sandwich.
I went here in 2010. We took about 2 hours to find it (being designated on foot by a drunk was not a good idea) but it was worth it! Since then, I have always returned. This sandwich shop is beyond amazing. The sandwiches are delicious. The soups taste heavenly. The desserts, I have enough cavities to vouch for their tastiness. I am obsessed with this spot. A must try spot if you're hungry but don't want a large buffet or a lame burger from the fast food joints.
POW! I had EARL OF SANDWICHES on a bogus lunch break for work while in Vegas. When your "break" entails you standing while hiding and eating at the same time, you know it sucks.. . But some friends felt bad for me and cruised by and brought me a Cannonballs (meatballs and mozzerella). And I hoovered that thing up in, seriously, two minutes?. . I friggin loved it, and best of all - it is open 24/7. That is a powerful move in Vegas. And for me, a guy that usually stays at the Paris... means more visits to the Earl fo-sheezy. I'm gonna try a few more sandwiches too.. . 4.5 stars
On my second trip to Vegas, I stayed at Planet Hollywood & was so excited to try this place, because I had heard so many raves about it. Even though I'm vegetarian, their regular meaty sandwiches looked delicious! . . I ordered the veggie sandwich, but customized it with cheddar cheese (instead of feta) & mayo/mustard (instead of balsamic vinagrette). I wish I had ordered it with avocado, but I forgot! IN ALL, it was WARM & DELICIOUS (: . . The bread was soooo gooood. I heard they're opening up one at Downtown Disney, which is right around the corner from my house, so I can't wait!! :]
Best sandwich in vegas, hands down. Hard to go wrong with anything on their menu.. . I recommend the hawaiian and the club.
Best sandwiches I ever eaten! Can't go wrong with these and super happy that they are building one at Downtown Disney!. . Line was not long, and everything's pretty face paced. Someone takes your order and gives you a beeper, then you slide on down to pay for it. It's real cheap too, can't remember the exact price but between $5-6 for the Sandwiches. . . Had the Earl's Club: Roasted Turkey, Bacon, Swiss, Lettuce, Tomatoes & Sauce which hit the spot! it looks small, but it gets you very full, I barely finished it. It was super fresh and hot too! it's just reallygood. . I recommend everyone to try it and take some to go if there isn't one in your area.
What can I say? This place is #1 with me. For the last 5 years, I do not go to Vegas without going to Earl's at least once. . The first sandwich I ever ate here was the club, and to date, it is the ONLY sandwich I have had here. LOL I have no idea how good the others taste from first hand knowledge. And yes, maybe I am missing out. But I love this sandwich so much, I will not switch up.. Earl's is open all day and is busy at standard lunch and dinner hours. But on weekend nights (mornings) after clubbing, you could be waiting in a VERY long line. But even this can be a social event.   . The pricing is good for a sub shop and the food is tasty. You will have to order and pay first, and then most likely wait about 10 minutes before you get your food. Sometimes it can be longer. This will seem like a lifetime if you are going after a night of drinking and clubbing, but make the most of it rookie because its going to taste great. And if you are not a rookie, you know what I mean. . . Bottom line, Earl's rules and I hope it stays in Vegas forever.
Don't let the line dissuade you from getting a sandwich.. . The folks here work fast and deliver consistent, fantastic food!!. The line is always long, because the food is that good. And the price is pretty darn reasonable considering the quality and the fact that it is in a major resort.. . There is nothing better in PH. Just sayin'... You could sit in their diner or try a full restaurant experience, but why bother why this quick, wonderful option is right there on the casino floor?
Not a fan of sandwiches, but I would happily eat the ones here. I think it's their bread that does it for me. Something magical about it, just SO GOOD! The bread that comes with their soups is tasty as well. Be warned though, they are not the biggest sandwiches and may look a bit flat, but it's a great as a light meal or a snack and has great flavor.
Never before have I felt so noble in Vegas for such a low price.  Would one rather have a $2000 Bottle Service @ Marquee, or 650 sandwiches from Earl of Sandwich (i.e. sandwiches for life)?  I would have to lean with the latter as every Earl's delcicious, piping-hot sandwich I've had has been deliciOUS  If you're a fan of freshly baked bread that's magically soft and tender on the insides, yet baked and firm on the outside, you have found your nirvana.  Next, each sandwich is comprised of an ample amount of meat/lettuce/dressings/etc where each and every delightful bite is full of flavor and satisfaction.    If only they played EDM....Earl's would be borderline culinary bliss.. . Their pricing is extremely competitive, especially for the Vegas Strip. Each sandwich is priced @ $5.99, with additional costs for double meat (really not necessary).  Another amazing aspect of Earls? IT"S OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY!!! Which means, one can wander over there drunk, intoxicated, and eat probably the best tasting sandwich in drunken memory and then even bring one back in case you happen to throw up before the night.  Unlike the other 24 hr joints, which tend to have long, inefficient waits, the line @ earls breezes through as they have an awesome system of those vibrating ringers that alerts you when your sandwich is ready.. . Recommendations: The Montagu, Hawaiian BBQ, Earl's Club (only if you like bacon as it has a prominent taste in the sandwich).  . . Overall, I think this how become my favorite place to eat in Vegas and I would gladly recommend anyone who throughly enjoys hot sandwiches to eat here.  They do have veggie options for those who have decidedly to foolishly deprive themselves of meat :P
Ummmm hello gold brick of deliciousness, please enter my mouth! . . Earl's is my one and only must in Vegas (besides the obvi get smashed). It really all depends on what time you go, there could be no line and then there can be a humungo line. DEFINITELY WORTH IT SO BUCK UP AND STAND IN LINE! or you know, you can go at some odd hour too since it's open 24 hours yay! . . I almost always get the caprese sandwich. "Fresh Mozzarella, Roma Tomatoes, Fresh Basil & Drizzled Balsamic Vinaigrette" on fatty slices of bread. Drool. Once I got the full montagu and boy is that heavenly! So melty and meaty. . . The vegetable soup wasn't to my liking though.. . I love Earl of Sandwich. That is all.
If you're ballin on a budget, you definitely have to eat here. The sandwiches are filling and soooooo worth standing in line for. The line may seem a little intimidating because it can get long, but it's systemized well so that even though the line can get long, it moves -- which is a good thing. . . There are plenty of selections to choose from but when in doubt, go with The Original. It's your basic roast beef sandwich with a hint of horseradish, toasted in the oven. It comes out perfect and if you're feeling daring, order up a side of the broccoli and cheese soup and DIP the sandwich in it. Trust me, you'll be glad you did. . . As an added bonus, if you've been out partying until 5:00am, a sandwich from Earl's is the perfect thing to eat to sober your drunk ass up.
Just got back from staying at Planet Hollywood for the weekend and Earl was the bomb. I had it three times and that wasn't even close to enough. I recommend the Cannonball (meatball) but if you're looking something a little more unique, the Full Montagu and the Italian are the way to go. The key is the bread and the toastedness - much, much better than any regular hot sandwich you'd have.. . The line is always long but I've never waited more than 15 minutes because theymove so fast. The sandwiches are $6.48 including tax....if only everything else in Vegas were so reasonably priced.
BEST TUNA MELT EVER.  I ATE THIS ALL DAY ERRYDAY FOR THREE F****** DAYS STRAIGHT! Story below.. . I went to Earls and bought two Tuna melts. Ate one on the spot and took the other back to the room. Woke up the next morning, threw half of it in the Foreman grill (cause someone had the brilliant idea to bring one to the hotel room), heated it up, ate it for breakfast. Then I went out during the day and came back. Guess what?  Waiting for me was the rest of the Tuna melt! Winner winner chicken dinner!!!! Felt like I just hit the jackpot on the penny slots!. . Later that night, went back to Earl's and bought two more tuna melts. Can you guess what happened?
YES people! It's that good good! Always craving their sandwiches morning, night, late night, any hour of the day (I wonder if it's open 24hrs) ! After club spot to go to (other than pho). I've tried every sandwich except the Caprese and Veggie. My faves are the chipotle chicken avocado and Tuna Melt! Out of this world sandwiches. You have to try it to know what I'm talking about!. . Darn, I want one now.
One of my favorite places to eat after a few drinks in Vegas.. . There is often a line, no matter what hour you come here. Beprepared to wait, even if they're super good about turning orders around.
BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER EATEN!!!- and I mean that. . . I heard Earl's was good but wow. The sandwich is just put together perfectly. I ate there 2 nights in a row. I had the Full Montague the first night, which was bomb. 2nd night I had the Earl's Club, which was great too. Frozen lemonade also hits the spot, just like the kind they serve at amusement parks but better. . . I went there with friends and they all got different sandwiches too and none of them were disappointed by what they got. Any choice on the menu will be good. . $6 per sandwich, which may look small but fills you up.
Had one of the best sandwiches in Vegas here!  Had a BLT my buddy had a meatball sub; we halfed it. Man o Man the bread is freshly baked and the contents inside are fresh. I wasn't drunk when I ate here so it wasn't the booze giving this review, the sandwiches here are Legit! do yourself a favor & EAT HERE. Plenty of menu items to choose from too so everyone can eat at this joint!   Do it!
this place a treasure on the strip.. las vegas is damn too expensive.. all the restaurants are overpriced!. cab drivers rip you off making you sit in their stinky cars in gridlock and they won't let you out!. and they are rude!. only NYC cab drivers are allowed to be rude!. back to sandwich.. i had the hawaiian bbq.  it was fantastic. i had the tomato soup and it was very good too! (tomato).. it is cheap. good bread. definitely stop by for a cheap meal.  get your money's worth in las vegas!
After a long drive to get to Vegas. This was the first place that I went to eat. Best sandwich ever have tried several and never have gotten a bad one.. Price is right the sides that they have are all good. Ended up eating here several times while in Vegas. They just opened one up inside of Palms so it was perfect for a late night snack.
I had Earl's twice on my recent trip to Vegas.  IT'S THAT GOOD!  The Carribean Jerk Chicken is my favorite!  It's the perfect balance between spicy and sweet.  The bread is cooked to perfection.  They split the sandwhich for you, which is great for sharing!  I switched half of my sandwhich with my friends' on both occassions that we went.  The Veggie is surprisingly light and delicious!  My friend loved it!  The All American was my second favorite sandwhich.  I felt like I was eating a leftover Thanksgiving meal- in July!  I tried a couple other ones but I think you get the idea... spend $6 and get one of the best meals in Vegas!  You won't be disappointed.
It was the end of my trip and I had a miserable night which included drinking far too much and getting kicked out of a casino....sigh.  Such is life in Las Vegas, but I had one last chance to end my trip on a good note.  A quick drive over to Planet Hollywood to try this sandwich place that I had read so many good things about.  When we arrived, the line was going out the door and I just had a good feeling that I was about to be in for a treat.  I looked over the menu trying to decide on which sandwich to get.  The original?  The Full Montagu?  Cannonballs?!??  Ahh, so many delicious sounding choices! . . I got to the counter to order and still wasn't sure.  I asked if it was possible to do half and half, but no it's not possible.  I ended up going with the Full Montagu.  My friend went with the Italian.  Upon first bite everything terrible that had happened the night before went away.  That girl who's name/number I didn't get....the throwing up next to a slot machine, the $200 I lost at the craps table...GONE.  I was in culinary heaven.  The sandwich was so good and for the price it was just amazing.  $5.99 for a great sandwich?!?!?!?  I felt like I had won the jackpot!  . . My only regret is that I didn't get to try some of the other sandwiches.  Next time I'll just have to go and get some more, but the Full Montagu was a legit sandwich.  Now if I could only remember the name of that lovely girl I met and how I went from dancing/making out with her to throwing up next to a slot machine....some things may be better off unknown.
You know what is the most amazing thing about this place is? It's super cheap. Seriously, everywhere else in Vegas aside from fastfood is super expensive. I once got a burger from a place in Mandalay Bay and it cost $20. There was nothing special about it. The burger was dry and the bun was cold.. . Earl's is freaking awesome and they are FAST. The line can seem intimidating but it moves super quick because Earl's is amazingly efficient. They may only have a handful selection of sandwiches but each sandwich is made with TLC. I had myself the Full Montagu and it was delish. A bit smaller than I wanted it to be but then again I'm on a diet anyways and we were getting this at 4am so don't need to eat something that big anyways.. . Come here if you are in Vegas. I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
These sandwiches are cheap and so, so, so delicious. It's great if you just woke up from a day of hard partying and need something good in your stomach.. . I tried the Montague and it was amazing. It's just the right portion at the right price.. . Downside? If you wake up at the same time as everyone else or come during busy season... be prepared to wait up to 30 minutes or more for your sandwich. Plus, finding a table can be a challenge of its own. Luckily they pack up every sandwich to go, so you can take it to the food court to eat.
In the ever evolving world of sandwiches, many claim to produce the best sandwich in the world.  Among the contenders are the likes of Capriotti's, Mendocino Farms, Which Wich? and many more. Among this iconic list of sandwich makers, there are droves of fans and haters alike.. But make no mistake, The Earl of Sandwich makes some of the most addictively good sandwiches i've enjoyed in a very long time! Tack on the competitive prices and it makes it even better! So it's safe to say i'm a fan when it comes to the Earl's cheap & tasty eats!. . . The Original with Roast Beef - . The bread was excellent! As soon as I grabbed the warm bag in my hand, I knew I was in for a toasty treat!. The bread was perfectly crisp on the outside yet warm and fluffy on the inside. Not thick, bread-y, dry & spongy like most other places. The roast beef was piled high and it was juicy and full of mouthwatering flavor!. . Jerk Chicken Sandwich. Filled with generous portions of chunk grilled chicken breast (not sandwich meat), red peppers and of course a good helping of zippy banana peppers, this zesty lil number was quite flavorful and surprisingly juicy (considering it was chicken breast!) but my favorite has to be the original for overall mmmmmm mmmm mm factor!. . Dessert. Brownie Cream Sandwich. Imagine two chocalatey rich brownies sandwiching a decadent layer of sweet vanilla frosting...yup it's insanely rich and sweet! I advise you to purchase a glass of milk with this decadent number cuz you'll definitely need it!. . Service was nifty & quick and they got us in and out in no time flat! Don't forget that all toppings are free with the exclusion of avocado, so pile it high if you so desire! And did I mention the prices? Only 6$ for a delicious hot sammie! That's a steal for a great sandwich on the strip I might add!. . With that said, it's a no brainer...if you're out after the club looking for some awesome late nite eats or just strolling the strip, give EoS a try, you won't be disappointed!. . Happy Eats!
Best sandwiches ever. Always my first stop and my last  stop....that's all
Quite possibly one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. I had the Earl's Club but I also tried the Italian, Hawaiian, and Tuna Melt; all of which were absolutely delicious. The bread on the sandwich was magnificent and the meats were melt-in-your-mouth good. Complement that with the $6 price of the sandwich and you have a winner.
The line is super long, but the wait isn't. It's just that good. It's really worth the line waiting. Really yummy. I recommend the Chipotle Chicken Avocado for first timers. You're not going to regret it. :). . Best sandwich place by far in Las Vegas if you want to eat something. Cheap considering it's at Vegas and will definitely coming back.
Hot sandwiches with delicious sauces and generous portions of meat. Best meal under $10 on the Las Vegas Strip! Did I mention they're open 24 hours? Hello post-clubbing munchies.. . I've tried the Full Montague and Caribbean Jerk Chicken and each is delicious in their own rite. Highly recommend.
Located in Planet Hollywood..a bit of a mission to find if you parked in their parking garage. . A huge line of people waiting to get their sammich on. . . Their limited time only special caught my eye and looked..BOMB!. . It was Chipotle chicken with bacon and avocado. DROOOL. . . They have two cashiers. One to take your order, and to hand you a buzzer, and as you keep going through the line, they have drinks, chips, parfaits, fruits, and desserts to your left to get if you want it. Then they have the main cashier for you to pay. . . A good amount of space, seats are kind of close together, but I mean, hey whatever haha. . . I got me the sandwich and salt & vinegar chips. Total was about $7 and some change. Pretty good! . . Sat my ass down, and within 3 minutes, my buzzer was a buzzin' and I went to pick up my sammy. . . It doesn't look big..but it fills you up well! It was soooo delicious. Toasty warm, and so flavorful. . . I hear they're making one in DT Disney!? :O :O :O
I went once, and I was hooked. So Hooked that I tried to go back the same night but was unable to because I didnt want to miss the tram that would take me back to my hotel room in Palazzo. :(  But I did get to go again at the end of our trip.. and guess what I got the same sandwich.. . Now I got to try the Hawaiian which was tasty and delicious. I also tried the Caribbean Chicken or some other name.. and that was also good but my favorite by far was the Caprese, so much that I ordered it twice. The cheese tasted freshly cut, the basil was just right and tomato crisp inside a bun that was well pressed so it had that right crispy outside and the soft inside. The balsamic vinaigrette just made my mouth water for more. I wish I was back in vegas so I could walk to it and order another caprese sandwich. sigh. Earl of Sandwich please come to socal!. . The lines can get long if you are here on peak time. However, it is open 24/7 so come later if you can! :-D
Sandwiches are bomb diggitity!! =D Earl Club & the Chipotle Chicken Avocado Sandwich are so good. The sandwiches come out piping hot and fresh. The chipotle chicken was my favorite! The spiciness withe avocado all while the chicken is so tender! OMG to die for i swear! =D The Earl was pretty good for a regular club sandwich. The bacon omg the BACON was soo good! Super crunchy & flavorful. Definitely to come back to try.
In a city of sin this place is a god-send!  Perfect price, perfect portion, perfect taste. If you're on a budget, looking for some post-club munchies or a hangover remedy this is the spot, open24/7. Never mind the lines you'll occasionally run into, the service here is lighting fast and efficient. If you haven't unwrapped your first golden seal I would highly recommend the Full Montague and feel free to explore on from there, you just can't go wrong.
Super happy that I finally got to try Earl's for the first time last month. Definitely making it a must-eat for every Vegas trip from now on!!. . The group of us ordered and shared five different sandwiches (Original, Montagu, Tuna Melt, Caribbean Jerk Chicken& Hawaiian). All 5 were pretty good imo. The Original and Caribbean Jerk Chicken were definitely my favorites. If I have to pick one, I would go for the Original! I LOVE the Horseradish sauce in it. It was tangy and complimented the roasted beef and cheddar perfectly! The Spicy Jerk sauce in the Jerk Chicken sandwich added a nice spicy kick and was outstanding as well.. . I also liked the bread of the sandwiches a lot. They soaked up the flavor of the filling well without being soggy at all. Still retained a nice bite and chew!. . Can't wait for their new location in Anaheim!( :
Damn good sandwiches!. . I'd recommend the montagu.
You know its good when it has a line 24/7!!!. . The line moves super fast. I've been here a couple of times and always get the BBQ Chicken Sandwich.. I should probably try something new but I love that sandwich too much! It's also like 6 dollars and the sandwiches are HUGE!!!
open 24 hours!!!!. I have been here a million times at all different times of the days..some of the best visits were those ones late night after clubbing.. . Vegetarian friendly!!  There is the Veggie or Caprese for my herbivore friends.... . For thee carnivores:. My faves are the Italian, Full Montagu and Cannonballs. . If you got a sweet tooth, their baked goods are delish too.
Best sandwiches hands down! the wait is a bit long and you might not be guaranteed a seat but it's all worth it. I got the Caprese sandwich and It was so fresh and crispy. It's 24 hours and they have a large selection of baked goods too! Highly recommend this place! I know I'll be returning constantly throughout my trip here!. Also the ice cream sandwiches are BOMMMBBB
OMG!!!. it was delicious! managed to find an excuse to go there multiple times in a 4 day las vegas trip. the line is long, but definitely worth the wait!
I'm writing this review based on a craving!  I wish they opened up an Earl of Sandwich in the Bay Area!  I'm all about the original sandwich!  That is all! :)
One Sandwich to rule them all.... and in the darkness bind them... . . Located in Planet Hollywood is Earl's home of arguably some of the best and cheapest Sandwiches, each one costs about $7. Our group ordered the: . . Original- 5/5= imagine a french dip sandwich with horse radish sauce, basically an Arby sandwich on steroids . Montagu- 4/5= tastes like an ordinary BLT to me . Caribbean Jerk- 5/5= Peppered chicken with a kick, love it! . Hawaiian- 3/5= Tastes like a Hawaiian pizza, unfortunately, I'm not a fan of sweet food so no tangy bbq for me . Tuna melt- 4/5=  Tastes pretty ordinary to me, however, it is still pretty good, almost tastes more like albacore then tuna.. . Dear King of Sandwich whoever you are, move over because Earl of Sandwich is ready to behead you and claim himself the king of all Sandwiches.   Overall, shout out to Eva I for picking this one out. Now excuse me... (crouches over and holds onto original sandwich) . . My Precioussss.......
Seriously one of the BEST places to eat while in Vegas!!! This place definitely lives up to the hype in my opinion. I have yet to be disappointed by any meal I've had here. My favorite sandwich has to be the currently limited edition Chipotle Chicken Avocado. I think a large part of this is due to my recent obsession with avocados...but this sandwich is waaaaay too good to pass up! It is perfection in sandwich form. I hope it becomes a permanent staple in their menu! If you're not feeling too hungry at the time, definitely save half a sandwich for a 4am snack and I can assure you it will taste just as amazing then. . . A huge plus is also the price. For under $7 dollars, you will have a very happy tummy, ready to party the night away in Sin City. Plus 1 more point due to the fact that this place is open 24/7. You can fulfill your cravings at any time!!! It doesn't get any better. I'm so excited that they are gonna open one in Downtown Disney because I won't have to travel to another state just to have some of this goodness! But that won't stop me from paying more visits to Vegas though ;)
I was really impressed with their sandwiches and their salad. I am not particularly fond of eating out at sandwich places because I love to grub, but I was in Vegas last week- and figured I'd give it a shot since i and some friends were looking for a quick snack before dinner that night. I'd have to say the sandwiches were really really good! I think what made it good was the bread. I ordered the Earl club, I think it was, and it pretty much hit the spot! I also shared the Cobb type salad which was delicious! There was a light dressing which was flavorful and a good blend of turkey and bits like cranberry and light cheese in there. The experience was so good we went again on our 4 night stay in Vegas! First time we went, there was no line. It was a weekday during the late afternoon. The second time was a Saturday afternoon and the line was long! But it moved very quickly. I was surprised.  I want me another Earl of sandwich!
If you visit Las Vegas, you HAVE  to go to Earl of Sandwich! It's open 24 hours!. . It is a go-to, must have for me. . Everything on the menu is really good and tasty! I don't need to be hungover to crave this. Although it does help when i partied hard the night before. . . My mouth and tummy have enjoyed The Earl's Club, Hawaiian BBQ, Best BLT, Caribbean Jerk, their holiday one Turkey Cranberry (OMG BOMB.COM), and their newest one Chipotle Chicken(this one is really really good, mainly because it has avocado!). I also usually add a side of potato salad or mac salad, i prefer the potato salad, It's delish! I've also had the tomato soup back in December when it warms up your tummy on those cold winter days in Vegas. I have never tried the salads or wraps, but they look good too. I think the better value is in the sandwich.. . . The prices are incredibly affordable which is why there is almost always a line. Affordable and delicious? How good can it get?. . Everyone I know loves this place. I can't be friends with those who don't, not sure if they exist anyways. . . In love with this place and I can't wait for the one in Downtown Disney to open up!
Hands down amazing sandwichs. Can't go wrong. Never heard of this place before but I'm coming back again.
I passed by this place around 5:00 PM and the line was wrapping around the whole place. I thought to myself wow this place must be good I should try it. So of course the next day for lunch I wanted to go to Earl of Sandwich. It was around 1:00 PM and there were only a couple of people in line. I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich the Wisconsin Cheddar soup, and the frozen lemonade. Way too much food but I had to try everything. Oh my goodness!!! It was all so good. Best sandwich I have ever eaten. It's a little pricey but I think it's worth it. I suggest you buy everything and share it with someone so you can enjoy different things and not get too stuffed. I definitely recommend this place and if I ever cross paths with another Earl of Sandwich I will without doubt eat there again.
To put it simply...this place is awesome. . . The artisan bread is homemade and they have the freshest ingredients.  And it's reasonably priced?! Count me in!. . I've stumbled (sometimes literally) here a few times and try to order something different every time but the sandwich that has my heart is the Veggie. Feta, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onion, roasted red peppers & their house Mediterranean dressing - YUM!. . If you happen to be weird like me and put chips in your sandwiches (don't knock it 'til you try it!), they have their own Earl of Sandwich chips. The baked potato chips are my favorite. . . If you are in Vegas, skip the buffet and go visit the Earl! Your taste buds and wallet will be happy!
Great sandwiches, great portion, great pricing, great hours, and great staff!  What more can you ask for in Vegas?!?. . Had their special Chipotle Avocado Sandwich and their Meatball Sandwich, both were awesome!  The sandwich was big enough to where I saved the other half for the next morning and it was still good!. . I am definitely a fan and will be returning on my future trips in Vegas!
First time I had a sandwich here based on recommendations from my cousins and my best friend. My sandwich was a simple ham and swiss but boy was it delish!  The ham and cheese was on a soft and toasted panini and for $6 only! What a bargain. Everyone in my group ordered something different and the general consensus was amazing. Definitely worth trying if you haven't stopped by Earl of Sandwich.
The sandwichs are BOMB! I was there when it was kind of busy so I waited a bit for my sandwich. I got the Carribean jerk which was so tastey, this place totally lives up to the rave you hear about their food. It's a perfect & affordable vegas food! What better hotel for it to be in than Planet Hollywood!
I've been to Vegas several times before but for some reason, I never stopped by Earl's before. I finally did this last time and holy wow it was incredible. Per everyone's recommendations here on Yelp, I got the tuna melt and it hit the spot dead on. I'm not even a huge fan of tuna, but heck, you gotta hand it to Earl's. They really know their sandwiches. Earl's was so good that I went back once more and got their original roast beef (equally as heavenly).. . Sure, Vegas is home to hundreds of fancy eateries and bountiful buffets. But if you're on somewhat a budget, or you're stumbling home drunk from the clubs (Earl's is open 24 hours), or you just want some bombbbb sandwiches, you gotta try Earl's. You won't regret it.
- Opens 24 hours.  . - Lines can be murderously long however, it moves quickly (this is coming from an impatient girl).. - Extremely cheap ($5.99 a sandwich).. - Dessert offerings available (brownie bites, cupcakes, cookies, ice cream cookie sandwich).. - I had no idea this place serve salads (haha.. why would I care?).. - I had The Full Montagu (not that great, I admit) the first visit.  The sandwich: roast beef, turkey, aged Swiss and sharp cheddar, lettuce, no tomatoes and the Earl's mustard sauce.  I had the Carribean Jerk Chicken the next day.  That sandwich: grilled chicken, roasted red and banana peppers w/ spicy jerk sauce (taste hella of a lot better than The Full Montagu).. . I can't think of a reason why anyone would not want to eat here whilst in Vegas.  . . I just can't fathom.
When its late and you just out of the club, this place truly hits you in the right spot. We stood in line for about 15 minutes and got our food in less than 10 minutes. Given they had run out of ice, I asked one of the workers for ice and he went to the back and got me some--- SCORED! I splitted an italian hot sandwich with my gf and was happy as a clam. I will defn come back for more the next time I am in town. Its worth the long line and prices were reasonable compared to many other eateries.
Hi! Im not about to reiterate what the other 2k reviews already said BUT! Please come to Anaheim soon! :) :) :)
Best sandwich shop around, especially for the price you pay. This place is a great place to go to at anytime of day, and for the perfect break from eating at the many buffets in Vegas. . . At the time I went, they had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken which I recommend the most if they offer it at the time you are there, and also the Italian one is my favorite.  The bread is crunchy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. . . Be aware that the lines can be unbelievably long, but waiting is totally worth it.
This is the best sandwich shop I have ever been to.  It is located on The Strip inside of Planet Hollywood. . . The ingredients are always fresh.  Even the desserts have real ingredients and have nothing artificial in them from what I have seen.  I always make sure to eat here when I am in Las Vegas.  I look forward to them opening more restaurants in more cities around the nation.
Service: 3.5/5. Food: 5/5. Wait: 3/5. Price: $. Presentation of food: 3.5/5. Presentation of restaurant: 3/5. Overall: 5/5. . If you love sandwiches, come here. Best HOT SANDWICHES ever. That's all you need to know.
this is a pretty awesome place for vegas food -- the hot sandwiches are awesome, plus they're cheap (very important after drinking in vegas) and they're open late (also important after drinking in vegas).  centrally located on the strip, tasty, big menu, accommodating of drunkards, etc. i go almost every time i'm in sin city!
There are not enough good things to say about Earl of Sandwich. My family takes vacations in Vegas about twice a year, and every time... I like to grab my lunches here. Creamy tomato soup... its heaven. The best I have tasted. The croutons in the soup add something special, and eaten at the same time, I can not even contain my excitement. It is just delicious. Their sandwiches are just as good. Made to order and always fresh! . . A nice sit down place at the edge of Miracle Mile Shoppes and the Planet Hollywood Casino. After lunch, go do some shopping!
A must have whenever i'm in Vegas. heck, i be ordering TWO sandwiches at a time.. . I love the Caribbean jerk! and I this time, I tried their new chicken chipotle. YUMMMMMMMMMMMM!!! Toasted to perfection. Quick and made fresh to order. damn delish!! A MUST TRY!!!. . Open up some more spots please!! I heard one might be opening at downtown disney in Anaheim, CA? please confirm rumors ASAP!
There are literally thousands of reviews extolling Earl of Sandwich as the finest (and most affordable!) place to have a sandwich on the Strip.. . While all those reviews are indeed awesome, I'm going to talk about something else entirely: tomato soup.. . Yes, tomato soup.. . (I've said it before and I'll say it again... The easiest way to make a snap judgement about a restaurant is by looking at the quality of its soup.). . The tomato soup at Earl's is orgasmic.  In fact, it's the best damn tomato soup I've ever had.  It's rich, it's creamy, and it's packed with an incredible depth of tomato flavor.  It's topped with the most perfectly crisped croutons I've ever encountered (not too soft, not too hard).  One spoonful of this tomato soup and I was in foodie heaven .... . ... at 8:30am.. . Yeah, I went to Earl's for breakfast.  Weird, I know -- but please don't hate.  It's actually a great place to go for breakfast.  There are no lines in the morning, and there's plenty of seating to go around.  In fact, it was only like 5 minutes between when I placed my order at the counter and when the little electronic plastic thingy started blinking and vibrating to let me know my food was ready.. . What to have with tomato soup at 8:30am?  Grilled cheese wasn't on the menu, so I had the next-best thing: the tuna melt.  And, oh my God, this tuna melt was just as orgasmic as the tomato soup.  It was a fresh, delicious roll with piping hot tuna and a layer of beautifully melted cheese.  Is there such thing as tuna bliss?  I think there is, and it's served up at Earl's.. . Did I mention that all this food cost less than 10 bucks?. . Have I convinced you of Earl's amazingness yet?  If so, get off your butt and walk -- no, RUN -- to the Planet Hollywood hotel as fast as you possibly can and start noshing on some of the best cheapeats in Las Vegas.
Amazing sandwiches, first time here and it was great. Long line, but worth the wait. When I come back to Vegas I'm stopping in here to get a late night sandwich.
On our way to a wedding in Utah, we decided a nice diversion to Las Vegas was in hand.  We stayed at the Planet Hollywood Casino & Resort. I figured you can't beat $80 for a night when it usually runs $250.. . In looking for a place to eat we decided to stay inside.  Of course I pulled up my handy Yelp app on my phone and said "hey, we should try this place.. Earl.. of Sandwich.."  Girlfriend said yes and we headed down.. . The place was pretty packed for mid afternoon, but as I got close I could tell why.  The aroma that filled the air quickly covered up the sweat and machine smell from the machines in the casino.  . . I ordered their new chicken chipotle sandwich. . . Ok,  l love sandwiches, but honestly... usually sandwiches are sandwiches, but let me tell ya what, Earl knows their sandwich.  The service was wonderful and the food was even more delicious than the smell itself.   The only bad part was that I tend to eat good food too quickly.. and yeah, my sandwich was awesome.  . . Earl was so good that we went back for breakfast before we headed out.  . . That's gotta say something for this place.. twice in 24 hours?  Oh yeah.
HOLLY HELL BEST SANDWICH EVER. I mean when you think of a sandwich you think subway, which is ok... but this is on a different level!! so good! . . so convenient that is open 24/7. earl of sandwich i cant wait for you guys to come to down town disney!!
A LIFE SAVER!!!!!!!!. . I go to Vegas by myself quite often to play poker for a weekend.. . The first night upon arrival, I was staying at the cosmopolitan and searching for an affordable and quick meal, it dawned on me that my choices at that hour were nothing but high end sit down places.  I realized that I did not want to eat at some fine dinning sit down place by myself so I went on a mission to find some good quality quick food.. .  I went from the lobby of the cosmopolitan through the "crystal" mall. . . Found nothing.. . Then I proceeded to trek it ( and it was a decent walk whilst starving) over to ceases forum. Thinking that something might be open.. . Found nothing again.... . Remind you, I am alone and have no need for a sit down restaraunt.. . Finally, hunger pangs fully kicking, I go over to planet hollywoods mall and walk through the ENTIRE place till I hit an Oasis.... . EARL OF SANDWICH!!!!. . I bought a earl club sandwich at about 2:00 am and continued to eat there exclusively for the next 3 days unless I had table service while I was playing.. . Truly a lifesaver you are, mr earl of sandwich.. . 2 thumbs up, 5 stars and a ok from me.
This place is off the chain!! We stopped here after hearing nothing but amazing things and were already there checking out the Miracle Mile shops. The line was a little long but worth the wait! I honestly don't think this place is ever dead because it's open 24 hours and has great food!. . I ordered the "all american" sandwich and the tomato bisque soup. My boyfriend ordered the chicken chipotle sandwich, which apparently is a limited time only sandwich. Priced fairly well for Vegas (around $6 a sandwich) and we both referred to the size of the sandwiches being like a brick. Both of us loved the portion and freshness of the sandwich, made to order, and I loved my soup! The soup has homemade croutons inside and the sandwich had all my favorites (turkey, lettuce, tomato, cheese) and also cranberries! It added a sweetness to the sandwich but very good toasted with the other ingredients. My boyfriend's sandwich was also good, the chipotle sauce giving the chicken a nice flavor. . . I'm a little sad I won't be able to find one of these back home in AZ but am hopeful for the day it makes it here! Definitely check this place out when you're hungry and in Vegas baby!
Delicious and an excellent value!
Words cannot describe the great flavors of their items. This is a 'must try' place.
I want to know how they get the bread so perfectly toasted every time I get it! . . There is not much to say about this place that hasn't been said already: fast service, long lines, and awesome toasted bread. . . Even sober, I still enjoy them Earls. My all time favorite is the Holiday Sandwich which is only made during the winter. When it's not the holidays, I fall back on the American and it's enough for me until I come back to Vegas for Christmas break, hehe. . . Oh, there's free wi-fi too!
great food and reasonably priced (especially for vegas). . i always go here whenever i go to vegas! the sandwiches are delicious and for $6?!!? you can't beat that!. . my favs: Hawaiian and  Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich
Dans l'abondance des fast foods americains, Earl Of Sandwich fait du bien au palais et au portefeuille. La aussi, merci Yelp, grace a toi et a tous tes yelpeurs, j'ai degote le meilleur sandwich de Las Vegas. Je vous explique pas a quel point j'aimerai en manger un la tout de suite. Mention speciale de mon homme a la soupe Potatoes !! . . Et le cookie mange dans l'avion retour me laissera un souvenir agreable tres longtemps.
So good that I came here THREE times this past weekend!! Talk about that "EARL'S DIET"... . The lines are long, but it moves quickly. Perfect place to stop by for a great meal at any hour!. . Recommendations:. Tuna Melt - SO GOOD. Good portion of tuna, and the bread in nicely toasted. I saved half for later.....yum.. Bacon, Egg, Cheddar Breakfast Sandwich (offered til 11am)- The bacon is VERY good! It has the perfect amount of saltiness and is easy to bite through. I got this 2 mornings in a row. (We stayed at Planet Hollywood). Broccoli Cheddar Soup - Hits the spot! Nice and thick with lots of broccoli. Not too salty.. . I also had one of my friend's brownie bites. Sweet and delicious! I can't wait 'til they build one near me in Downtown Disney. Hurry up, Earl's!
Oh wow. Fast Casual is sweeping the dining scene for good reason, and while Chipotle is the go-to for Mexican and Noodles & Company the go-to for pasta, I don't yet have a favorite fast casual joint for sandwiches outside of local delis. That all changed when I walked into Earl of Sandwich.. . Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?. . Order at the counter, wait a little bit, and grab your hot sandwich. Easy breezy beautiful. Star Granted.. . Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?. . $6.48 for a hot, filling sandwich? Yes.. . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=TjthorvXMrkhujk8Q9M2ow&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHg. . Star Granted.. . Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?. . So Good. Yes, at the end of the day it's just a hot sandwich, but the uniqueness of the bread and variety of the fillings easily trump just about any other fast sandwich shop out there. Dual Stars Granted.. . Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?. . Without question. Star Granted.
Tasty, quick, & nice variety of toasted sandwiches to choose from. Good assortment of sides to go with too. Perfect balance of meat/veg/bread ratio. I want an Earl of Sandwich in my hometown! Will definitely go back again.. . Order your sandwich/salad/soup at first register, grab whatever "sides" you like along the cafeteria style counter and pay at the end of the line.  You'll be given a buzzer to let you know when your sandwich is ready. . . Went here twice & this is what I tried:. . Full Montagu: roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes & savory mustard sauce. Delish! I devoured it.. . All American: turkey, buttermilk ranch, cranberries, cheddar, lettuce & tomatoes. Yum if you like sweet & savory. . . Dessert: brownie sandwich w/vanilla creme filling. Very sweet. Good for sharing.. . Free Wi-Fi....but don't stay too long... table turnover is not too bad but there's not too many seats considering the masses fed here.
Came here again and went in for the kill:. . An All American with a cup of tomato soup and an Earl Grey lemonade.. . I don't think I've ever had such a satisfying hangover meal in my life.  Thank you, Earl of Sandwich!
I love sandwiches as much as the next guy, but this place has the sandwich worth the wait! Lucky for us we didn't have a line. But seriously, when I heard it was a sandwich, I thought it was just another Subway joint with good bread and meats. BOY WAS I WRONG!. . Its a sandwich with toasted bread, warm meats freshly cooked, melted cheese and lets not forget some cool vegetables! I was having some serious hunger munchies (NO I DON'T SMOKE WEED) that day and this sandwich more than satisfied! The only bad thing about this place, is there isn't one that I know of in the Los Angeles area. But all in all, the people were very friendly, the food was excellent and atmosphere... well you're in Vegas; lots of people, shops and casinos.
I would have to say one of the best sandwiches I have had at a restaurant. The ingredients are fresh and complimenting.
This place is the best value on the strip by far, bar none.  If I'm grinding poker and want to eat something inexpensive, light, and tasty, then this is the only place I need.  Not only is this place 1/2 the price of most of the nearby options, it is cheaper than sandwich shops I go to back home in Dallas.. . The sandwiches are tasty as are the salads.  Plus, the restaurant has free wifi.  I ate here like 6 times over 5 days and will gladly return on my next Vegas trip.
I can't believe my first words for these sandwiches were...."IT'S DISGUSTING!"...I have an explanation! You see....it's Vegas and with my low tolerance of alcohol and all....HALF A SHOT LATER, I thought Earl's sandwich was disgusting! BUT IT'S NOT! I was able to really enjoy it the next day and I chowed down the whole sandwich!!!!!! Definitely try the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and Carribean Jerk Chicken! And if you just want to stay on the safe side, get the club! They're ALLLL delicious! So glad we stayed at the Elara and Earl was just a few feet away ;)
If you're in Vegas...try this place!! I've been here many times because they have one of the best sandwiches! What's more important to you? The bread or what's in between? Well, I have to say...they make a tasty combination of sandwiches!. . I've tried most of them and they're all good so it's personal preference. My favorite is their Holiday Turkey Sandwich, oven roasted turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and gravy. Delish! FYI, it's not available all year long. . . Expect a line but not too long of a wait and plus, it's available 24 hours!
Don't really need to say much here, as 2000+ reviews at a 4.5 star average speaks for itself. I was out all night and was too tired to go out for lunch with my friends, but they were kind enough to bring me an Earl's Club back. It was probably a good hour or so by time they ordered it to the time they brought it back to me, but the sandwich was still warm and delicious! I can't imagine how much better it would be fresh! For $6, this is a freaking steal compared to a lot of the more expensive food options in Vegas. Couple that with the fact that it's open 24 hours, and this place is money.
In the mood for a sandwich? Or just a hangover cure? Earl of Sandwich is probably one of the best sandwiches I've had. I'm not a big fan is Subway or Quiznos so to say the least I can be kind of a sandwich snob. During this outing I visited Earl of Sandwich at the Mile Mall next to Planet Hollywood. I got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado with a Broccoli & Cheddar soup. The chicken was grilled to perfection with a perfect balance of chipotle sauce topped with fresh avocados. For those of you that are a big fan of avocados, the Earl Club is something to rave about. It's a classic sub with turkey and your sandwich essentials (tomatoes, lettuce, Swiss). The soup was alright, it was a little early to get a better feel for it but it was good.
If you have not tried Earl's of sandwich, YOU ARE MISSING OUT!. . One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. And it is cheap! . My favs:. --The full montagu. -- the carribean jerk chickem. . it is filling, and packed with meat! yum...
Earl of Sandwich is a delicious and budget friendly place to eat! I had it for the very first time on my x number of times that I have been to vegas.  I can't believe I have never had it till now! But I'm so glad to have found it.. . Earl of Sandwich is located inside Planet Hollywood.  I actually had this place for dinner and lunch the next day.  It was nice to eat somewhere affordable and not feel like you have to stuff yourself to get your money's worth at a buffet.. . Earl of Sandwich gets the job done and serves mouth-watering decent sized sandwiches.  The sandwiches are all perfectly balanced with its different components.  The bread is really fresh and the whole sandwich just melts in your mouth.  It's so warm and gooey--I'm craving for it already just reminiscing about it!. . The salads were really good too.  I tried the Mediterranean Caesar Salad and it was really good as well.  Make sure to tell them to go light on the dressing since they tend to put a lot in there.    . . I also got to try their frozen lemonade which was pretty decent....but what makes it better is if you have extra vodka laying around....say at your room or in your pocket ...or your purse...Just splash some in there and BAM! you have a refreshing cocktail.. . Earl of Sandwich, I'll be back for you!
Whenever I go to Vegas.. I go to Eaaarl of Sandwich. First off, this place is 24 hours so you're BOUND to come here after your "late night out". But honestly, esp coming here late at night.. the sandwiches are delish. And no it's not the "drunchies" that's making me say this because I've eaten at Earls during the day as well. Their sandwich portions aren't that big though so you can defs finish a whole sandwich on your own if you're super hungry. Other than that, the prices are okay too. Only thing is.. lines might be kind of long since this place is super popular (could also be hard to find a seat). . . The sandwiches are perfectly toasted, with just the right amount of everything. Oh,and you can't forget the Grey Poupon (sp?)! But yeee this place is a must go for a good, affordable meal in Vegas!
Best Sandwiches ever!!! You will love it....
People have often asked me about late night eats in the City of Sin and usually the first place that comes to mind is Earl of Sandwich. The good ol Earl might just be the best thing that has ever happened to Planet Hollywood and for 24 hours a day, seven days a week it feeds many appetites for non-Strip prices.. . For those not in the know, Earl of Sandwich is a chain. Not a Nevada only chain like some others were lead to believe, but a national one. It doesn't carry the name of a Quizno's or Subway's, only its way better and until LV gets an place that is local and convenient, it seems the rest will be flocking here and adding to the already silly lines that occur randomly throughout the week.. . My sandwich of choice is the Full Montagu, a beautiful concoction of turkey, roast beef, lettuce, cheddar and swiss cheeses, tomatoes, and Earl's mustard. It's a classic choice, perhaps their most popular one, and it is delicious any time - whether its hungry and sober or hungover and blacked out. A fun combination is the Turkey Holiday (aka the Thanksgiving dinner), which features turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and gravy. There are a multitude of sandwiches that fit every palate, every craving, and thankfully are between $5-8 each. This is considered a great deal on the Strip.. . If you can stomach the lines and the sometimes impatient service, Earl of Sandwich is a rite of passage for many late night hungry folks on the strip. This is a way better alternative than shooting for the standard casino diner / cafe and worth the few bucks for a shot at sandwich glory.
cream my jeans good.
Went here twice last weekend, once while sober before we went to a pool party & once drunk after coming from the club. Both times I had the same thing. The Chicken Chipotle Avocado BOMB BOMB BOMB! Soooo yummy! It hit the spot on the taste-o-meter. lol. . . Prices for a sandwich are 7 bucks, eh... it doesn't even come with a drink but we got free water. I split the sandwich both times & it filled me up pretty good.. . Looooove how it is 24 hours, living in Seattle we are only used to Chinatown for after-clubbing meals. Having a sandwich is a change of pace for me & it is YUMMY! Sober & drunk, lol. Just sayin'. . If I ever go back to Vegas, I'll for sure be back [=
i will never get tired of this place!! inside miricle mile shops /ph. love the tomato soup. open 24 hours!!!. excellent hot sandwichs i love em all my favorite is the american/ meatball. i always gotta visit earls more than once when im in vegas. prices are reasonable. theres no excuse to hate this place!!!!!!!. . why wont you open a earl of sandwich in the bay area!!!!!!?!?!????. do try em!
This place is a must. Very inexpensive especially when everything in vegas is expensive. It was a very quick service. You order, get one of those vibrating thing so that when your food is ready it will vibrate, and you find your own seats which are plenty. It's located right inside of Planet Hollywood down stairs. Great Place! Sadly, I wasn't able to grab another before I had to go back home. TRY it!!!
Nestled among the slot machines and cheesy Vegas lights is this little food oasis. They're incredibly cheap, especially when you consider that it's a bamf sandwich shop in Sin City. The sandwiches are always always, ahem, always amazing. Packed with flavor, fresh veggies and meats and melted cheese between two toasted slices of bread, it's quality food that fills your tummy and leaves you happy and satisfied. They do simple so well it's admirable.  . . Oh and try the soup, it's clutch.
EAT THE SOUP!  I know, you are thinking, soup?  Really?  The Wisconsin cheddar is baby Jesus all melted down and salty.  DO IT.  you won't regret it.
As you can tell by the other reviews, it's quite simply the Holy Grail for sandwiches.  The Jamaican Jerk Chicken sandwich is my perfect 10.  I ate in three times in 36 hours time last time I was in Las Vegas, and will so the same when I go back.  When you sit in the PH sportsbook, and think about how great that sandwich was for 15 minutes, you know it's legit!
Who hasn't gone to Earl's late at night after clubbing, or hungover the next morning, or 10 mins before your flight to scarf down 2-3 sandwiches and buy 2-3 more to go to take home (to wherever you will be resting your poor, broken body for the next week recovering from Vegas), Earl's is a Vegas Institution!. . I have been fortunate enough to enjoy The 1762, The Club, The Full Montagu, Cannonballs, and Caribbean Jerk Chicken.  The 1762 with its simple combination of roast beef, horseradish and cheddar is hard to beat, but the Full Montagu is a closesecond.  I suggest ordering both for a meal, and getting a Cannonballs to go, because eating a meatball sub cold after a night of debauchery is an experience that can't really be beat.. . Oh, one more thing, please, for the love of all that is holy to you, do not forget to get an Brownie Ice Cream Sandwich.  Those are magical and will make your see the god (or gods) of your choice as you slowly consume them and savor every delicious bite.
Great sandwiches can't really go wrong with the Montague.   There is also a second location in the Palms Casino food court. This is a much more convenient location to get to if your located off the strip.
HOW HAVE I NOT REVIEWED THIS PLACE YET!!!????. . I'm not gona be elaborate with my review, you can read the other thousands... Let's just say that whenever I come here I always get at least 3 sandwiches (yes.. they're all for me ... muahahhaa) I've tried a lot of their stuff and so far I haven't had any bad experience. The line is pretty long but it goes by quick! and there's always a place to sit cause people just sit, eat and go. or most people will just take it to go. Surprisingly their salads here are pretty good.. for a sandwich place. but yeah I love the Earl's club, the tuna one is good, the montague is pretty good too, the one with the chicken is good too... yea they're all pretty good, so yea I dont know what else to say.
The most solid choice for food in Vegas for all 24 hours it's open. Wow.. Every sandwich here is made to perfection. My favorite is probably their winter season's special-- it's like Thanksgiving in a sandwich!. When that's not there, I'll opt for a Full Montague.. LOVE IT!
OMFG. Like who really cares about sandwiches, right? This place was bomb... Consistent, quick, and so damn good in every way. I like that the sammies aren't huge and I was even sharing half of that already smallish thing when I needed a quick bite before a drinking session.  . . Tried the Hawaiian BBQ and my bf loved it. Someone else had a chicken, avocado, chipotle version and he loved it too. I had the Full Montagu and it was super filling and meaty but good. Next day, we tried the Caprese. So good too. Gonna bring all my friends :D
The Earl still reigns supreme, although I hate the line, but the line is a statement in itself. The word is out and people Love the Earl. I ordered something completely different and  it was amazing. I got the TUNA. Who orders tuna out? No one. But I had to try it. It was a great sandwich and as always, you have your toasted hoagie bun to hold it all together. Delicious. Def worth the wait. Unless I am starving. If I just can't wait to eat something, then PBR is across the hall. Lol.
Every time I land in Vegas, I have to go here at least once to get my tuna melt fix. Nothing can beat this place when it comes to simple sandwiches. Ridiculously flavorful, ridiculously good. I've also tried the Hawaiian and I love it as much as I love chocolate, and I love chocolate so it's pretty understandable why I love this place. I'm kind of sad they decided to open up an Earls near downtown Disney and don't get me wrong, I'm happy at the same time that they finally decided to open up one in California, but I'm just afraid it's going to turn into a mass produced franchise and I would hate that. My boyfriend loves to get the Full Montagu and the club. If you haven't been here, you're definitely missing out.
Open 24 hours: Check.. Service is fast/friendly: Check.. Price is right: Check.. Food is good: Uncheck...food is a lot better than you think it is. Both drunk, and in the morning when you need something to wake you up after a long night. Boom.. . Seriously, for the quality and price, you can't beat it. The meat is always on point. The breads are worth finishing, even after you've eaten all the sandwich filling and the veggies are always fresh.
The Original is the original.   Top level SteakRoasted Beef place quality meat sandwich.   Cannot believe that the sandwich is so cheap.
Got the Italian sandwich and it was delicious! I usually get veggies in my sandwich but this one didn't have any. But it was soooo good. I gotta come back and try the other wiches!!!
YUM YUM YUM. I came here during the middle of the night after clubbing to get some grubbing on with my girls. This place was amazing and exceeded what I was expecting. Their bread is delicious, perfectly toasted. This is a nice place to go if you want a decent meal for a decent price. I will definitely be coming back when I move to Vegas in January. Expect me to be a usual customer.
FINALLYYYYY got to try Earl. I missed my opportunity so many times, but finally got to eat here. I got the chipotle sandwich and my friend got the earl club. We split each sandwich so we can try both sandwiches. Both were sooooooo GOOD! Love their sandwiches. Definitely will eat here again whether it be in the morning or in the middle of the night. I also got the chicken noodle soup. I wasn't feeling too well inside ;), but after eating the soup and the sandwich, I was ready to go GAMBLING!. . The soup is definitely just your ordinary soup. Nothing too special about it. I wouldn't be surprised if it was can soup. lol. The pricing is really great too! Sandwiches are no more than $7 dollars. I got the sandwich, soup, and gatorade for $12. The gatorade itself was $2.50. . . I definitely recommend this place to get a great quick meal. It's a must in Vegas. It's open 24 hours!
This place has the best tomato soup in the world. Period.. :)
Earl of Sandwhich may be the best food option on the strip. For a quick breakfast, lunch or late evening snack, this popular spot always satisfies. . . I discovered it while staying atPlanet Hollywood a few years back, and on my most recent trip, even though I stayed a few doors down at Bally's, I literally ate EoS every day. And who wouldn't? . . The sandwhich creations are tasty, and a great value. The line, though very long at times, moves quickly. They even give you a pager device so you can stand nearby.. . The location is easy to find, which is saying something for Ph a hotel that should be renamed labyrinth as you always find yourself lost in its maze. People watching is always fun, and as an added bonus, if all of the tables are taken, you can enjoy your sandwhich in the sportsbook located directly across from it (which also has some extremely comfortable chairs to lounge in). Vegas! sandwhiches! sports!  I should end this review there as that alone is worth 5 stars. . . This is a must try for any newcomer to Vegas. Sure it's "only" a sandwhich, however, in Vegas finding good fast food can be a challenge on the strip, and most of us can't afford to hit restaurants for every meal. . . Word from a vegas vet: while every sandwhich is great, I did find the breakfast options to be pretty unfilling. After a night on the strip you'd probably want something a bit more satisfying to start the day, and as such I would suggest you order off the main menu.
This is one of the best sandwiches you will eat for under $10.  . . The portions and selection are very fair, and each sandwich is around $5-7 which is super fair prices on the strip.  I think most if not all the sandwiches are grilled and hot, panini style somewhat...making a great tasting sandwich.. . It is also one of the best 24hr spots in town, so if you are nearby and hungry, go for it!  Not too many good spots to find food at 3am on the strip....most of the cafe's are a ripoff ($15-20+pp) and lack the taste of a memorable meal.. . I recommend a lot of people here, and have had no complaints yet.  If only it was off strip, so us locals wouldn't have to navigate through the obstacle course named Las Vegas blvd to enjoy a solid sandwich.. . It is also super busy sometimes....the true testament to a great restaurant.  It will be worth the wait though!  Go for it!
Their sandwiches are the best by far!  It's open 24hours too...have the munchies, late night at the club, bored and hungry!  Well this is the place to be.  I only had one sandwich and it did the job just right!  Don't order too much cause you'll ruin it.  I order the Montague one day and The Meat Ball next.  Ahhh... these were good!
I was unsure if I really was going to be able to give this place 5 Stars.  Until my first bite.. . Earl is just hands down a great place to eat.. . Only con is they only have a six inch sandwich, they really need at the very least 6" and 12" or 6" and 9". . I went with five other friends and our food came out quickly, hot, and everyone loved it.. . I am excited for their Downtown Disney Anaheim, CA location opening soon.
Cobb Salad. HANDS DOWN.. . Every time I go to Vegas, Earl's is one of the places I MUST eat at least twice. Once for the salad, and the other for the sandwich. I lovelovelove the cobb salad tossed in ranch dressing with cheese, chicken, cranberries, cucumber - yum. My sandwich recommendations: Caribbean Jerk Chicken & the slightly new Chipotle Avocado Chicken? I never made it in time for their breakfast sandwiches until this past weekend when my friend woke everyone up in the hotel at 8am (thank you!). My boyfriend & I stopped by Earl's after I got my morning cup of coffee at Starbucks. We ordered a Ham n Swiss, Bacon Egg n Cheddar & Ham Egg n Cheddar. My favorite by far was the one with the bacon! Definitely trying their ice cream sandwiches next time.
Oh God the holiday!
A great option for a quick, relatively inexpensive bite (under $10 depending on what you get) when you're in Sin City. An added bonus is that this location is open 24 hours! I usually opt for the Tuna Melt but when the seasonal Holiday Sandwich is around, I can't resist... it's like the best parts of Thanksgiving stuffed into sandwich form (except pumpkin pie)! Turkey breast, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and mayo on the Earl's soft, freshly baked bread. YUM! . . The line moves fairly quickly. You order your sandwiches (or salads or whatnot) at the first register, then move down the line and pick up sides, desserts, or drinks, then pay at the end where you're given a buzzer that alerts you when your food is ready. . . Can't wait for the Anaheim outpost to open!
Yummmmmmmm. . I coerced a couple of my friends to order different sandwiches, so that I can try more than one. We got the full montagu, tuna melt, and Caribbean jerk chicken sandwiches. All of them were delicious, especially the tuna melt and Caribbean jerk chicken. SO GOOD. Despite the good reviews, I kept my expectations low since I hate to be disappointed. But the sandwiches more than exceeded my expectations. Perhaps the best sandwiches I've ever had! Warm and toasty--just the way I love my sandwiches.
The bread was amazing and the sandwiches were great. Jammed with folks but they keep things moving fast. Definitely the call for the late night snack!
I don't have enough superlatives to talk about this quick sandwich shop. It's affordable and tasty. I've yet to have something here I don't like. . . Being open 24 hours is great when you're wandering home late at night. I'd recommend the Original or the Full Montegue. Alcohol is reasonably priced.
The Earl definitely knows what's up; try this place!. . I heard there are two locations on the strip, but I went to the Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood-- and I think it's going to become a regular spot for future trips to Vegas.  Open 24 hours and they has soup. O.O. . We ate here during a bachelorette party, and everybody in our large group was happy with the large spread of sandwiches.  I had the Capresi, which was really fresh and perfect with a side of Dijon mustard.  All the sandwiches are warm, lightly toasted and easy to take with you since they're wrapped in foil.  I was surprised at how inexpensive this place is, considering how good it is and the prime location on the strip.  I purchased lattes on the strip that were more expensive than my sandwich.  What a find!
I tried the tuna melts sandwich for the first time!!! It's delicious!!!. . I've heard a lot of good thing about Earl's and I wanted to try it for myself. I tried the tuna melt and it was awesome!!! I never had a tuna sandwich taste like the one at Earl's it was delicious. My girl friend had a salad and the tomato soup. The soup was really good too. Soup after a long night of drinking is the best. We like this place so much we had it everyday during our trip to Vegas. It's also a plus that this place is opened 24 hours a day!!! Perfect for late night dinners. I will be returning to Earl's the next time were in Vegas.
Located inside Planet Hollywood.. . Seriously, THE BEST sandwiches ever at really reasonable prices!!  The toasted bread is AMAZING - crunchy and warm on the outside and super soft on the inside.  It also holds up all the ingredients really well.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of their sandwiches. . . We shared:. The Full Montagu - roast beef, turkey, two cheeses (aged swiss and sharp cheddar), lettuce, tomato, and house mustard. The Italian - salami, capicola, roasted ham, mortadella, and zesty italian dressing. Mediterranean Chicken Salad - super fresh, and the chicken was really tender!  . . I can't even tell you which sandwich I liked better because they were both good in their own right.  . . They're open 24 hours so eat here for dinner, go gamble, then come back and eat some more.  LOVE this place!!  So happy one recently opened in Socal in Downtown Disney, so now I can get my fix whenever I'm in the mood.
Best sandwiches ever! . The bread is toasted just right where it melts in your mouth but still toasty (not overly toasted where the bread scratches the roof of your mouth). . I usually order The Original Roast Beef. Amazing!!! All other sandwiches are just as good! . I can't wait to try the newly opened Earl of Sandwich in Downtown Disney. Hope it's just as good.
Go here in between the debauchery and order the jerk chicken sandwich. Don't ask, just do it and your taste buds will thank you! It's in Planet Hollywood Past the Poker Room. They even wrap it up so perfectly, it's ridiculous. See you in a few weeks, E-Dawg.
Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood.. . Hands down, one of my favorite "fast" food places in Vegas on the Strip (off the stripe it is In-and-Out).  I would stay at PH again just so I could stop by Earl's on the way back up to our room.  I was in Vegas for two days and I ate at this place THREE times!  Their salads and HOT sandwiches are just that good!
Really good sandwiches. Wish the sandwiches were a little bigger but oh well, and it's open 24 hours. Get wasted in vegas with booze and then get wasted with sandwiches. Earl of Sandwich should expand their unit like Subway, make hella bank.
It's hard to think that you could get a delicious 'sober-up' meal after hitting up the Vegas clubs, right on the strip, without a long wait, but Earl of Sandwich makes it possible.. . For about $6-8 a (very filling and always warm and toasted) sandwich, you will be thoroughly pleased. This isn't the boring Subway or local deli. Whatever crack they use in these sandwiches are sure to please. Get whatever they recommend (turkey cheddar or roast beef are great), but they have holiday specials which I love as well: mmm turkey meatloaf. Best way to sober up without spending the $30 a person you would at other sit down places.
Dear Mr. Earl, Whoever you are.. . I like shiny things and your wrapper suckered me right in! You're evil for creating such delicious sandwiches 200 miles away from where I live. Your "Full Montagu" was soo juicy and the bread was toasted perfectly. I hate you. For now.. That is, until I can eat you again.
Middle of the night in Vegas at least 2 in the morning you want something but you don't want to spend a fortune(because you probably lost a lot of money any way) this is the place. The sandwiches are really reasonably price like $6 to $7 dollars a sandwich and they are  really good, will  help sober you up a little too:). . They use this really good chabata bread and the meats are fresh!! I had some kind of earl sandwich with turkey.bacon, cheese and the usual veggies and stuff.  This location in Planet Hollywood was good and so was the one  at the Palms.  (had the albacore at that one really delish. Cant go wrong if you want a quick bite.!!
Earls and Fat Tuesdays are my perfect Vegas meal! You can't go wrong cause everything about this place is sooo right. . . Perfect for any meal of the day! Whenever I go to Vegas I think I honestly go on an Earls diet. If I'm staying in PH this is the ONLY thing I get. Usually I'm too drunk or hungover for food but for the taste of Earls, I'll eat it even if I yack it out.. HEH, kind of gross huh? But it's that good.. . I looove the Full Montagu, perfect for all you meat lovers out there! This sandwich is packed to the brim with meat and the bread is always warm and just the right texture. I highly recommend eating it with the hp steak sauce, BOMB.COM!. . Another favorite is their new chicken chipotle sandwich, omggzz, heaven in my mouth. It's super saucey and flavorful. Comes with avocado so it has that rich creamy taste. MM MM GOOD, I think it can be considered as my new crack *__*. . I know a lot of my friends really dig the Italian, but I've never tried it. I just can't seem to part from my Montagu.. so next time I'm in Sin City, I guess I'll indulge in gluttony and just get both. Try something new, without sacrificing my love. HEHE Win-Win!
The best bread you will ever bite into... at least for a hot sandwich. I don't know how they do it... but it's cooked at the right temperature to get the crisp on the outside and the fluffiness in the inside. Worth every penny. My personal favorite is the Caprese with chicken. I've had the Cannonball, The Earl, Full Montagu and the Italian, and they're all delicious. Depends on what you're in the mood for, but they're honestly all good. That's why the lines are ridiculously long! This location is opened 24/7 which makes it the perfect place to go to after a drunk night at the club!
Holy crap.  As the restaraunt suggests in its tagline - this really is the worlds best hot sandwich.  . . I've been here about a half dozen times, and to be honest I can't remember what I get each time, but everytime I've gone and with everyone I've gone with we agree this ranks up there with the best of the sandwiches.  Along with that they offer some baked goods that are also out of this world.  I know this place has location, convenience, and you must think... can a sandwich really be worthy of a 5 star, and yes, I think this one deserves it.. . Tourists, casino industry workers, other vegas business folk and clientelle....  .. ..  at all hours of the day and night and day, you'll see this is a very diverse go-to-spot.  And while for a sandwich you might pay a little more than average it's also one of the chepest spots in the area for food, so if you are looking for inexpensive grub and you happen to be at the Planet Hollywood this is hands down your place.  I make this place at least every visit to Vegas I can.
I always try to make my way here when I'm at Vegas, especially early in the morning after the club, still feeling that liquor and my stomach asking for something other than alcohol. All the sandwiches are good, soups are good too but get the Tuna Melt! You can thank me later. Your mouth will come! Definitely the best sandwich my mouth has ever encountered.
After reading the reviews before I headed off to Vegas over the winter break, I had to try this place myself. As I found out, this place have the best sandwiches I ever tasted! Unfortunately, I only stayed here for 3 days and couldn't possibly try the whole menu but when I come back, I'll definitely try something different. Besides from the buffets, I had sandwiches for 2 nights and had a little of my family's as well. Will be back in Vegas but no lines at the time I went at night but long as line in the afternoon but service was quick. All in all, I was pleased with the sandwiches and bigger bonus of staying at this hotel makes it easier too ;)
OMG! I never had a BLT so good! This was really the "Best BLT". Pricing was decent and in one of the best Hotel/Casinos too!
During our stay in Las Vegas, my Hubby and I hit up this spot 3x's. It was that GOOD!!! He very much enjoyed their original sandwich and my favorite was their tuna melt. The line may be long at times, but it's worth the wait. This is a must try when in LV.
This place is the best place in Vegas for a cheap delicious meal....PERIOD!! All the sandwiches are recommended. If you are in Vegas and you dropped a little too much in craps, save your wallet and check this place out.
Oh! Earl of Sandwich!! Now that's the kind of royalty I'd marry. Boy do they know how to make a sandwich. We landed in Vegas and walked over cause we wanted a quick bite to eat and the Earl did not disappoint. We ordered the Italian and the Hawaiian BBQ, both without cheese. We got our sandwiches in about 8 minutes and they were excellent. Even my husband, who does not like pineapple in this food usually, ate half my sandwich. . . A few days later, we picked up some sandwiches to take with us to the Hoover Dam. I ordered the Italian (no cheese thanks to my lactose intolerant husband) and he ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. Even after sitting in its wrapper and in the car for 2 hours, the sandwiches were still great. . . Now Earl of Sandwiches, please open in the Detroit area.
I came here with my cousin at midnight after walking the strip. We were looking for a place to eat at, just something quick and simple. I always see posts on Instagram about Earl of Sandwich so I just had to give it a try. I got the Full Montagu, which was absolutely delicious. I wouldn't mind going back in and getting another one! My cousin got the Caprese, which I liked a lot because of the mozzarella. Loveeeed it! . . The sandwich is pretty big and definitely worth the price. I also like how it's open 24/7. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat, no matter what time it is, this is the best place to eat at!
had the tuna melt and a friend had the chiptole chicken avocado and it was goooooooooood.  the frozen lemonade was great too.  will definitely go back and try something else.  prices are fair
Besides Earl of Sandwich, last time I went to Vegas I also took my family to Mon Ami Gabi, Wicked Spoon and Burger Bar. Between those 3 restaurants there are over 4000 4 and 5 star reviews. At the end of our trip I polled everyone and the consensus best restaurant was Earl of Sandwich. Proof that money doesn't necessarily make food taste better.
It's common knowledge that this place has amazing sandwiches...so I won't dwell on that anymore.. . Instead, I was introduced to their TOMATO SOUP...WHICH IS AMAZING.  Get it with a sandwich after a night of drinking and clubbing, and you will feel great and ready to go for round 2 of partying in Vegas!. . . Being open 24 hours is the best too.
Holiday Turkey Special: turkey, cranberry chutney, gravy, stuffing... foodporn in your mouth!. . One of the best freakin' sandwiches I've ever had. Drooling as I am thinking about it right now...
To me Vegas is all about gambling, glitter, lasers, lights, music, and of course the infamous Earl of Sandwich!  Its cheap, delicious and in my opinion no trip to Vegas is complete unless it includes a couple of these AMAZING sandwiches.  My all time favorite if the Club followed by Tuna Melt and the Full Montague, but for the time being the Holiday Sandwich is my current number one SO. DAMN. GOOD.
After planning my trip to Vegas with my friends, I knew Earl of Sandwich was my first pit stop! I got the Montague sandwich, but my friend convinced me to try her Hawaiian sandwich. At first I didn't think there was anything special about it..but I was so wrong, the Hawaiian sandwich had the perfect balance between sweet and savory. Definitely a sandwich to try if you've already tried all the others. Always coming back to this hotspot.
As a local, it would make ZERO sense for me to go to Planet Hollywood for a sandwich. So my 5 star rating shouldn't be misconstrued as me saying I would frequent them all the time, but rather based on convenience and price compared to what you typically find in a Las Vegas casino. At $6 you would be hard pressed to find a better sandwich on the Vegas strip. Is it the best sandwich I have ever had? Certainly not. However, with warm bread, tasty meat and relatively quick service... you can't beat Earl of Sandwich. Added bonus is that it is directly across from the Sports Book... grab a sandwich and go sit and watch a game. . I agree with Misti that they have a major lack of options for not only bread but toppings and sauces. No oil and vinegar? How does a sandwich shop not have oil and vinegar?. Sandwich is not overly filling, which could be either good or bad depending on how you look at it. Heading to see Peepshow? Probably don't want to sit through that on an overstuffed stomach! Grab some Earl and you will be good to go!. I order the Full Montague (I believe) which has turkey and roast beef. Consistently good and they have not messed up an order of mine yet.
The hype is real! Earl of Sandwich is a vegas gem! My friend and I were in vegas the day after thanksgiving and in need of some lunch as we were crawling the strip, and found this place highly reviewed on Yelp. We were not disappointed. I'm a native of upstate NY so I opted to try their buffalo chicken. It had me sweating just the right amount by the end of the sandwich, which is PERFECT. My friend had a sandwich that sounded like thanksgiving dinner on bread. He was also quite satisfied, and said the turkey was incredible. Can't beat the value for the money. Strongly recommended.
The best option for cheap eats in LV (other than In-N-Out)!
There are enough places to blow your money in Vegas - go to Earl of Sandwich for one of your meals and get the best bargain in town for seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had anywhere!. . I made sure to rush to write my review after a recent trip to Vegas because I can't rave enough about their holiday special sandwich, which is pretty much the best Thanksgiving sandwich you'll ever have anywhere (and that includes the Bobbie at Capriotti's, which is another one of my faves). The only thing is that they only offer this til January, so make sure to run over and snatch one up!. . Though the ingredients are what you would expect (turkey, gravy, stuffing, cranberry), i fell in love with the flavor and quality of each of them. I think the thing that makes it is the bread, which is somehow perfectly crispy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. . . Believe the hype! Unlike a lot of other places in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich is a sure win!
Bomb diggity sandwiches if you love sandwiches of course.. . Gotta make my way back here when i return to Vegas.. . Good place to stop and pretty quick service, sandwiches are a good size as well.
When I wake up... . Yea I know I'm going to be I'm going to be that man who wakes up needing you. When I go out... . Yea I know I'm going to be I'm going to be that man who goes to search for you. When I get drunk... . Yea I know I'm going to be I'm going to be that man who drinks while eating you. And if I'm hungry . Yea I know I'm going to be I'm going to be that man who's hunger'n for you . . But I would walk 500 miles . And I would walk 500 more . Just to be that man who walks a thousand miles to eat your sandwiches..... . EARL OF SANDWICH! EARL OF SANDWICH! Dadadum dadadadadum..... . If you couldn't tell by this terrible cover of "500 Miles" by The Proclaimers, I freaking love Earl of Sandwich. I can say, without hesitation, that they have the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. Combine that with the fact that this particular restaurant is open 24/7, is located in the heart of the Vegas Strip, and sells booze as well? I'd give this place 6 stars if I could.. . I literally cannot go to Vegas without stopping at Earl of Sandwich, so if you haven't been here before, you need to go. Right now.
Get the caprese sandwich, it's to die for! Plus there is no meat on it, so it's vegetarian friendly. I think it would taste really good with prosciutto on it, so if you think about it. Get that.. It's also never really crowded. With all of the choices in Planet Hollywood, this on is kind of off in it's own corner and beats the hussel and bussel of Vegas. Eat it, it's delicious.
My most recent trip I came here 4 times..,. and partially because I was staying at Planet Hollywood haha.. . Plus:. 24 hours. Free Wifi . Efficient Service: you order in the front and get a buzzer and a receipt. Move down the line where there are assorted salads and chips and bottled drinks you can get and then make your way to the cash register where you pay! Then wait for the buzzer to ring. . . Don't be scared of the long line if you see one: It goes by really fast!. . Hot Sandwiches:. Tuna Melt: very oily and creamy. Yum. Hawaiian BBQ: on the salty side in case you don't like salty! Ham and pineapple.. The Full Montague: Get this if you like roast beef!. Earl's Club: Good classic . Nothing special though. Italian: I don't know if it was just my sandwich, but they were a bit low on the meat! :(. . Earl's Grey Lemonade is great! . . Happy Eating!
Never a bad meal here. Cheap , but great sandwiches. Several sides to choose from. Line always goes fast. I always seem to get there before the line starts which is a bonus.  24/7 is a huge plus as well. I always get the Ham and Swiss
It definitely deserves the high rating it receives. We got 4 sandwiches. The tuna melt was superb.I think I am going to eat that again tomorrow. The other people in the group got the carribean jerk sandwich, veggie and grilled cheese. Everything other than the grilled cheese was amazing.
It's tough to find value in Las Vegas, but when you get great value AND awesome food it's just over!. . Came here because my friend said that it was a good sandwich place, and I really didn't feel like driving too far for food.  All the sandwiches are between $6-$8, and they're damn good.  Got The Full Montagu for $6.95, and that roast beef was some of the tastiest I've ever had ANYWHERE.  Bread was money as hell.  Plus their chicken noodle soup wasn't too bad either, definitely comes in the clutch when you're trying to recover from the club.. . Line goes by way fast, and the service is friendly.  Only problem is that it's first-come, first-serve seating.  Because there's usually so many people, it is a bit of a struggle.  But for this place, I'm gonna have to start making a serious exception.
Price: Awesome considering its Vegas. General Statement: Every sandwich I have had here has been amazing. . More: Every time I go to Vegas I must stop here at least once. I've been trying to taste all the different sandwiches and always look for a buddy thats willing to go half and half so I can have two different ones
24 hours, excellent prices, mouth watering sandwiches, need I say more ??. . okay i will. the tomato soup is great on chilly nights, the full montagu is omg good, as well as every single one of their other hot sandwiches. . . If you're weary of long waits, come during random hours (i.e. 3AM, 2PM, 8AM ) and you'll get to eat in less than a heartbeat.
Two words - GOLDEN BRICKS. So glad they've decided to open a location at Downtown Disney (California). BUT, it's not the same experience in Vegas (hungover, or after a night of partying and getting wasted). This place has been such a great convenience for my friends, family and I. The quality of their sandwich is amazing, plus it's 24 hours! The line can get long, but personally to me it goes by pretty fast - especially having such a various choice to choose from their menu, I often had times where I couldn't make up my mind on what to get and I would end up getting 2 more orders on the go. It's that good - believe the hype or not, you need to try it yourself. The only bad thing I have to say is that, their Holiday special is by far, the best sandwich I have ever had in my life. Why is that bad? Because they only have it once a year for a limited time. I love Thanksgiving food, and I'm a big fan of stuffing... to have that with a mix of gravey and some cranberry sauce. It's just, "WOW." Words can't describe it - full on foodgasm.
Montagu sandwich was delish! The meat was moist and there was a perfectttt balance of ingredients. All the ingredients, including the bread, tasted super fresh. The service was super quick and the price was definitely reasonable as well. I'll be back next time!
Still by far my favorite place to eat in Vegas. Finally got to have it as my last meal in Vegas, and I took my broccoli cheddar soup, Italian sandwich, and chips to go. Also got my brother a jerk chicken sandwich to give him for picking me up at SJC. The workers here have the process down stat.. . Ate the soup after hauling butt back to our hotel after watching the water show at Bellagio. I wish it was still hot, but it was decent enough, as it had been at least 20 minutes later. Demolished the soup and was so full from the cheesiness of the soup. Delicious!. . Enjoyed my sandwich a couple hours later, which also left my backpack smelling incredibly tasty. The italian sauce left it a bit oily, but it was still good hours later! A rarity for a hot sandwich. Plenty of meat, delicious foccacia bread to absorb it all.. . I just wish we had one here closer (they did open a location recently in Anaheim) and I choose to eat this over all the other foods in Vegas!
I've been to the Earl of Sandwich in Disney World so I was completely in sync when my bf said he wanted to try this place.. . He ordered the club and I had the chicken Caesar.  The bread was fresh and all the ingredients in the sandwich came together perfectly.  Even my plain salad was nothing short of outstanding.
Must go to place when you're in Vegas!. . Compared to other fast-food places, the price is competitive. You get great quality food for a bargain of a price.. . Everytime I'm in Vegas, I always get a sandwich from here. I've tried most of their sandwich menu and all I have to say is, you can't go wrong with any of the choices. . . My personal favorite is, The Original.. . Lines get long at the typical eating hours, so don't complain about waiting. The lines get especially long during the early AM hours of 2-3AM since most of the night clubbers are out and hungry.. . Food is simple, delicious, and is a must try!
Would you believe that for lunch I ate Earl's at downtown Disney, then for dinner I came here! haha, that should totally be a Yelp Badge.. . This place simply did a great job! It's just that tiny bit better than the one in California that makes it hit that 5!. . - Chipotle Chicken actually has a giant chunk of Avocado in it!. - $0.50 cheaper!. - I feel like the ingredients are just better here for some reason.. - The line is never too long in my opinion, they are quick and efficient!. . - Lack of a ton of seating though :[
Came here based on Yelp reviews. It never fails me. The sandwich was so yummy!
I was in las Vegas last week and had checked this place out on Yelp, I had to try, I had a Montagu, it was very good. Best sandwiches for the price. If you have an opportunity to eat at this place, try it.
BOMBAY SANDWICHES! :D and when you receive it, it looks like a brick of gold! . . The full montagu, tuna melt and also the haiwaiian BBQ sandwich is amazing!  if you get hungry during the day then this is the way to go! Grab a bite to eat here and then head down to the Fat Tuesday station and wash it all down with an alcoholic slush, doesn't get better than that right? When in rome, do as the romans do! And you can even get refills on your fat tuesdays at caesars palace!
Love this place because A) it has BOMB sandwiches and salads B) it is opened 24 C) it is a fast and cheap food option by Vegas standards.. . I have been to Earls in many different places but having one here in PH really helps when you wake up at 2pm after a late night of heavy partying and you just want something quick and delicious to eat.  They are fast and efficient but there can be linesbecause everyone knows how delicious they are. . . My recommendations:. The original sandwhich- especially if you love horseradish. mediterranean salad. tomato soup (the crouton are delicious and crunchy)
Awesome hot sandwiches, great prices. Highly recommend.
I tried the caprice sandwich and damn near blew my mind away. If i could have a last meal of my choice it would be a sandwich. Why you may ask... because you can put any and everything on a sandwich... duh. Nonetheless this is a very good place to stop and get a sandwich of various characters. Food is decently priced and you can take it to go or dine in... what more could you ask for in Vegas... or anywhere really?
best sandwich in las vegas blvd  hands down.  when in vegas, you must try their sandwiches.  there bread is always nice and warm, its the essence of what makes this place special.  the one we usually get is with the turkey and cheese and produce.  i've tried the roast beef one as well, but to me the turkey one is my favorite.  some key points on why this place is awesome:. . - open 24 hours, 7 days a week. - cheap. - each sandwich is unique, really depends on what your craving, turkey, roast beef, pastrami, tuna, etc. . whenever were in vegas we make sure to eat here at least once.  once again if your a visitor of vegas, this place is the best for sandwiches, you won't be disappointed!
Am I the only one who is sad that my sandwich is now $7.02 after tax??  THOSE EXTRA 2 PENNIES THOUGH.. . With that said, I still come here every time I'm in Vegas and it's still more affordable than anything else on the strip (though debatable if you want to bring in the myriad of steak and eggs places).. . I recently discovered how glorious it is to dip your sandwich in their Broccoli Cheddar Soup.  I made all my friends do it and they thought I was the most godly person ever to do so (haha, yeah right).. . The Full Montagu.The Earl's Club.  The Original.  Don't ask questions, just get 'em.
im pretty sure i had earls three time in 48 hours.  im not even embarassed about it.. . im sad there are only so few locations. open more! preferably in the east bay haha. . the tuna melt and chipotle chicken avocado rock my world.
For a 24 hour sandwich joint, I'd give it a 4.5. While it wasn't the BEST SANDWICH EVARRRRR, it was tasty. . . The portion is perfect for one. Kept me satiated from lunch until dinner. No choice for bread, so it's all the same. I ordered Earl's Club with roasted turkey, smoked bacon, aged swiss, lettuce, roma tomatoes & sandwich sauce...the turkey was quite moist, major thumbs UP! Italian was scrumptious as well, just on the more flavorful and salty tasting side.
Try the Full Montagu. Let the sandwich speak for itself.. . You're welcome.
I love how this place is open 24 hrs and there's a long line when people get out the clubs.. . *Full Montagu . - Yes, it has two meats but it's not that flavorful, not one of my favorites . . *Earl Club. + This one is good! Everything compliments each other . . *Tuna. + You would think "meh it's just tuna" but DAYUMMM! the Swiss cheese melted with the tuna is a party for your mouth! Trust! . . I'm so glad they opened one in Dt Disney so I can have it not only when I'm in LV ;)
I had the Earl Club and the Full Montagu, both fantastic. The thing is the bread is light, and all the ingredients are fresh and tasty. ALWAYS get your sandwich heated, it's the best. I went here a few times when I was on the strip. I hope they open one in N. Cali. Price is right, service is quick, food is fresh, seating is a challenge but it would be since the Earl of Sandwich rocks. P.S. Long lines move quickly.. . P.S. Trust drunk friends to recommend this because this is awesome when your drunk. Trust sober friends because it's pretty friggen tasty when your sober too.
I'm not generally a fan of sandwiches, but I ate at Earl's two days in a row on my last trip to Vegas. Cheap, quick, and consistently good. Can't really ask for much more. My favorite has got to be the caprese, whose flavors had held up even after a 2 hour journey through an airport. My second favorite is the Hawaiian. How can you go wrong with pineapple and ham?. . I wouldn't make the twenty minute drive to Disneyland for Earl's (just because I'm not too big on sandwiches), but it's always a stop when I head to Vegas.
I've literally driven to Vegas (4 hour drive) just for this. . . Cheap, amazing, simple, nuff said.. . Get the original. Thank me later. Don't mess with anything else, unless you've had the original at LEAST 10 times (i am not exaggerating). If anybody tells you anything different, tell them to "Shut their mouth when they're talkin to you". Perfect food for every situation and you will encounter EVERY situation in Vegas.
Open 24/7(its in Vegas! yup). Really tasty and cheap sandwiches, but also really long lines because of that lol. That doesn't matter that much to me anywhere else, but who really wants to spend all their time in Vegas waiting in line lol. . . either way, my favorite sandwich to get here is the full montagu(roast beef, cheese, lettuce, tomato, spicy mayo) and my favorite soup here is tomato soup with croutons. . . protip: Call in to-go, the wait becomes 5 minutes instead of 50 lol. . edit: FROZEN LEMONADE. good with or without the patron shots ahaha
Deserving of all the high marks. Who needs a top chef when you get a great sandwich at a great price.
A must visit when in Vegas. The line is always long, but moves really fast so you don't have to wait long. omg so good. I ordered the seasonal sandwich with turkey and cranberry and it was so much better than what I'd expected. They even put gravy in the sandwich which makes it super moist. I know they opened up a shop in Anaheim so I'm excited to try.
Earl of Sandwich was definitely my savior on my last Vegas trip. Came here twice in three days and loved the quality, value, and availability of the place when compared to everything else in Vegas. I mean where else can you get a legit panini-type sandwich that tastes like heaven at an odd hour of the evening/morning for less than $10...while tipsy.... . I've had the Full Montagu and Chipotle Chicken Avocado - both of which are great choices (thanks yelp friends that suggested!). The Chipotle Chicken Avocado I appreciated for the light spiciness and fresh avocado, and the full montagu for their roast beef. Earl of Sandwich is just so satisfying at any point in the day/evening in Vegas and it's definitely going to be a regular for me for all of my Vegas trips!
You might lose your money, dignity, or even your relationship in Vegas, but you'll always find comfort here. Open all day, everyday, this place has provided for me at both my highs and lows.... sober or drunk.... 3pm or 3am... in my pajamas or in a tie. Always a clutch place to go when you're just craving  that special something.. . Of course it can get crazy during the peak hours, but it's well worth the wait. Also they have sandwich making efficiency DOWN, so you get your order pretty fast. The Full Montagu is just a perfect combination of meats. The Earl's Club comes in a close second just because it has bacon.. . Enjoy the only thing in Vegas that isn't marked up 5x the regular price.
I had Earl's three times in 24 hours.. . Don't think you can get a much better recommendation than that. Get the Full Montagu.
Been here a few times, and it's too legit to quit. I try to go here atleast once every time I go to vegas. It's cheap food, delicious food, and it's opened late. I hate it when the lines are long but its still good. I've had the BLT, which is MEH (get something else), the Earl Club (BOMB), the chipotle chicken avacado (DOUBLE BOMB). The fruit cup is a fruit cup duh... And yeah! pretty much, its good. Once time, i had it twice in one day... 3 times in a weekend.. Also, after a heavy night of drinking at Marquee, I recommend walking across the bridge to this heavenly place. Drink tons of water, have a sandwich, and trust me, your morning will be better...
Definitely worth the stop.  After reading reviews, we decided to stop here for a taste. . . It is counter service where you order your sandwich, pay, then they give you a buzzer to know when it's ready.  It is definitely a scrumptious "QUICK BITE".. . I ordered the chicken avocado & my husband ordered the full montagu.  First of all, I think any sandwich panini pressed makes it superior.  My husband and I were very quiet while we endulged on our sandwiches.  We didn't even offer the other a taste.  I would've came back here another time but I wanted to try out other places while we were in Vegas for 4 days.. . There should be more places like this in east coast.
An Earls of Sandwich trip in Las Vegas is a must! Even though there's one now open closer to me at Disneyland... . . This trip when I went, there was absolutely no line at around 10PM. (or even earlier) Probably because it was a Friday night and everyone was getting ready for the club. We had just arrived and decided that we needed a quick meal before really jumping into the Vegas fun. . . This time my boyfriend & I ordered the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and the Full Montague, delicious! We also ordered the mac n cheese & vegetable soup, all for only about $20! We only ate half of our sandwiches and saved the rest for later (which actually tasted just as good the next day). Overall, not sure if it's because the drunk munchies makes this place so delicious.. but super worth it.. . Be aware though, the wait can get extremely long! The next day we saw the wait during the day and was thankful that we ate it before and had other food adventure choices. You can also customize your sandwiches here & always try to get the specials! My boyfriend said that on his last trip he was able to get the Caribbean Jerk Chicken with buffalo sauce & said it was bomb.com.
I think this might be THE best sandwich place I've ever been to. I've heard so many great things about this place so I HAD to stop by for lunch as soon as we arrived in Vegas. Well actually, I had to grab a Fat Tuesday, of course, but this was my second stop. It was around 3pm so the lines weren't too long. I ordered the Earl Club and it did not disappoint! I don't know how they make it, but it's sooooo good! I absolutely love carbs so the bread stood out to me the most - warm, light and flaky but chewy, all at the same time. The sandwich was pretty big - I only finished half of it and took the other half to-go. And for $7, it's reasonably priced. . . The seating area wasn't too packed when I was there, but I can see how it would get crazy packed if there's a long line. It's self-seating so if it gets too packed, you can always have a friend save a table while you order! . . I finished the other half of my sandwich a few hours later. It was cold so it wasn't as good as it was fresh, but it was STILL amazing! I'm so glad they opened up another location in Anaheim. I'll probably be going there more often!
Great place. I had the turkey club and It was delicious. Highly recommend it. I would return here because price is only $6 and hot sandwiches and good. Yummmm!!!. . Good for anytime of the day. I want some now. Bye ;)
Summary: Pretty solid sandwiches for a pretty good price.  Great bread.  Quality ingredients.  Fast assembly.  An excellent choice for a good meal for just one $.. . I had just arrived in town with a friend for 2013 CES and we wanted to grab some late dinner on a Wednesday.  We made reservations for Mesa Grill the next night, so to balance that out we wanted to eat on the cheap.  We Yelped and came across The Earl of Sandwich and made our way down the strip.. . If you come into Planet Hollywood from the strip, you basically have to walk straight back a ways and keep to your left.  It is part of the food court.. . If there is a line, it moves pretty quickly because they just take your order, you choose your drinks, and then you pay and take a number.  When your food is ready, you go and pick it up to the right of the cash register, and there is plenty of dining space for everybody.. . On this visit I got the Jerk Chicken sandwich while my buddy got a Chipotle Avocado Chicken sandwich, and then we split a Spicy Italian.  Each of us enjoyed the quality of the ingredients and the way they all worked together between two perfect pieces of bread.  All sandwiches were very flavorful, nice and toasty, and pretty economically priced at around $6 each.  Is it the same price to quantity ratio as Subway? No. But it is a better quality experience for just a little more.  I'd defintiely recommend a visit to the Earl.
This place is awesome!! It's affordable and delicious. I got the Hawaiian BBQ sandwhich and my friend got the tuna melt.  She said that the tuna melt was good, but could've been better without the cheese. As for the Hawaiian BBQ, it was tasty and full of flavor. It's usual to have pineapple in  a sandwich but it taste good. I will defiantly come back here for more next time I'm in Vegas.
YUMMY, one of the best sandwiches places EVER next too Ike's of San Francisco.  The bread on each sandwich was cripsy on the outise and soft/buttery on the inside.  PERFECTION.  Meat to bread ratio is just perfect.. . Full montague - a legitamate regular sandwich with lots of juicy meat.  . . Chipotle chicken - my favorite of the two.  SUPER tasty spicy sweet oniony flavor. Crispy bacon, and suprisingly moist chicken, without overdoing the sauce like how Ike's does.. . Free wifi! Quick turnover. Clean tables.. . Awesome sammiches, i will definitely be back to try all of their sandwiches!
Hey earl of sandwich,. . You can be my breadwinner every day of the week.
Best sandwiched I've ever had. I got the all American.
Ate here twice over the weekend! Everything was perfect. Food was consistant, soup was great at that price!! Food was made fast and very hot! Good Experience here!
I've been told that I need to stop writing essays on yelp. My descriptions and complaints get so lengthy that reading it might bore you. Although my satiric humor gets dry-- yelping is serious bizznizz yo!. . On to Earl. No, it is not over-hyped. Yes, there is a line that loops around the shop. Located in Planet Hollywood Mall area, Earl stands out. Earl has a variety of sandwiches. Earl is affordable. Sandwiches range around $7-8 with tax. Soda fountain for those who crave sugar and diabetes, and free H2O. . . Earl and I get a long quite well. I loved the Tuna Melt -- t'is my favorite sandwich. Bread crisp on the outside soft in the inside, great bite and texture. Cannot tell whether or not the tuna is canned, because there are actual chunks of tuna with a generous serving of mayo. The melting cheese is perfect, no complaints. It is a great option for lunch if you don't want to break your wallet at the buffets or expensive tourist prices at other venues. Definitely a must if you are in Vegas. Tip: It is at the east end of the mall, across the casino (so you don't have to walk in big circle). My friends enjoy this so much, they even pack it back to California. But I hear they opened one down in Anaheim by downtown Disney. Come to the Bay Area! plz!!
Don't think I can add any more substance to all these reviews but, this place makes legit sandwiches at amazing prices.. . You know something is going to be good when it is wrapped in gold foil. It is like golden bricks of deliciousness.. . Anyways, onto the food.. . The Original: Looks pretty plain, but packs in a lot of flavor with their super tender and juicy roast beef paired with their horseradish. Add some poupon mustard and it is perfect.. . Full Montagu: This one has all the fixings inside, and definitely a must try.. . The Club is also very good, quite similar to the Montagu.. . Why I love their sandwiches:. . +Tender, and juicy meats.. +Their toasted bread is amazing. +Perfect amount of spread. +I love roast beef, and their roast beef was the best I've ever had in a sandwich.. . . Portion wise is on the smaller side so if you are hungry you might want to order two....or three....maybe if you are like me and really love their sandwiches you could get four.
New favorite sandwich place! It is located in Planet Hollywood hotel shopping center. It's a great place for a late night meal after some drinks at a cheap price. It's even more convenient if you came from The Cosmopolitan Hotel. Warning I was a little bit buzzed when I ate here. I just remember the sandwiches are good..  . Service: I was surprise to find a long line at 3 in the morning for sandwiches. It reminds me of fast food where you order and pick up. The staff is quick and fast.. . Food: I love their sandwiches but the portions are small to me. They even have Mac & cheese, salads, pastries, and soup.. . Recommendations: Best damn tuna melt ever. It's a must have! The chipotle chicken sandwich is not too bad just too much of a kick for me. Definitely will come back and try more at Downtown Disney.
This place is always great!! I will always make the trip to the strip (open 24 hours a day) for these sandwiches!  You can not beat the price or the service, Ive never waited over 10 minutes for my food. and Ive never had anything that I didnt like. The ham and swiss and french dip are my favorites.
I used to only eat seafood so, the Tuna Melt from Earl's was my go-to. Now that I have stepped back into the carnivorous lifestyle, The Original has taken the #1 spot. It's warm, the bread is crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, the meat to cheese to bread ratio is perfection. I love that this place is open 24/7 and the prices are super affordable after a long night of partying and expensive bar tabs. I have to go here at least once anytime I visit LV. A must!
Def a must stop for a lunch when you want a great value and fresh, hot sandwich. I highly recommend the tuna melt and the Hawaiian is def worth your time.
Everything is still great as usual!. . Just wanted to say that the "Original 1762" is probably my favorite sandwich of all time. That bread with roast beef, cheddar and HORSERADISH! Stuff of sandwich legend.. . I really liked the "Full Montagu" as well with Roast Beef, Turkey, Swiss and veggies topped with the yummy mustard sauce. . . Also, the chocolate puddlng (when you want something sweet) really hits the spot for late night desserts!. . Delicious as per usual. So delicious I went twice that weekend, as mentioned above and another day in Los Angeles at the Downtown Disney location.
Earl of Sandwich may be a chain restaurant, but sometimes they just get it right!  . . I don't mind sandwiches and it's not something I usually crave, but things have changed since my visit here.  Their Signature Hot Sandwiches are melt in your mouth, sauce dripping down your wrists, GOOD!. . My favorites are the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (has a nice kick) and the Best BLT (smoked bacon, enough said).
BEST SANDWICHES EVER! My cousin told me to go here in planet hollywood (a bit hard to find since this place is like a maze) but once I found it ... it was just amazing! Granted I was in Vegas and was eating at the Wynn buffet later that night, I could not help myself from stopping and ordered 3 sandwiches ... 2 I ate there and 1 I brought back with me in my backpack! haha
A must if you are in the area! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
This was the best hot sandwich I've ever had. It's open 24/7 and is under $10 a person. There's not much to say about this place other than this place is a must if you're in Vegas and want something incredible for a good price.
Best sandwich ever. love their tuna melt!
Can't be best for a quick affordable meal or snack... Good little sandwiches, soup etc...easy in/easy out ... We go frequently!
I always make it a point to stop by this place whenever I'm in Vegas. This business is located inside the miracle mile (planet Hollywood) "the district.". The line may be long but it moves very fast. All the sandwiches are served fresh, hot, tasty and in good size. A must if in Vegas! I wish they would open one in San Diego
Great sandwiches fast service and can I say once again great sandwiches not big on hot sandwiches myself but this place made me change my mind
Earl of Sandwich... best sandwiches ever!!!. . My husband and I wanted to see what all the hype was about with the sandwiches there and my my my... glad we stopped by! They were perfect in every way! I got the full montagu and my husband got the hawaiian bbq.  Perfect combination of everything! I wish they had a branch here in Sacramento.  We'd be one of their regular customers.  . . Glad we got to try this place out.  If you haven't yet... you are definitely missing out.  Stop by this place when you're in Vegas!! You won't regret it.
Did I just start gambling at Planet Hollywood to  get comped and be able to eat here daily? Yup, I did.. . I want to say the food is mind blowing. I have tried every single item on the menu here, no joke. Why a 5 star? Because is fits what I love.. . I love the original and tuna melt. I love the perfectly toasted sandwich that is cheesy and melty. This is why I love this place.  Like anywhere else, you have to know what you like and the reason you go to certain places and that is why I give this place a 5.. . Even at the long rushes, they're pretty quick at getting you the food so I haven't really ever waited longer than 15 minutes?. . Here's the way you order:. 1. get in line. 2. order. 3. get your receipt. 4. go down the short line and pick up any other items you want.     (cookies, adult beverages, etc). 5. pay. 6. get a buzzer. . Sandwiches are about $7 each
They have a sandwich figured out!  It is simple, fresh and taste great.  If you don't have one of these in your neighborhood, then you need to hit them up for a franchise.  Not only was this place CRAZY busy but it was also CRAZY good.  Thank you YELP! for referring me to them!
OMG this place is BOMB. Its perfect when we stay in planet hollywood. . . Sandwiches: perfect every time. The bread is perfect, the inside fillings are brillant. My favorite is the cobb and my boyfriends is the tuna melt. Seriously perfect every time we eat here. The sandwiches stay the same consistency: PERFECT. . Soup: You MUST MUST try the tomato soup! it's not your average tomato soup that's runny and like melted ketchup. I hate tomatos but this soup beats it all. Its creamy and sorta almost "cheesy" but not. Ask for extra croutons. . . The wait is always about 5-10 mins. It goes by quick. The one at PH tastes better than the Palms one and the one at downtown disney in anahiem, ca. . . I love this place. Prices are really good and the wait is worth it, especially if you're hungover and tired.
Best cheap eats on this part of the strip.  Try "The Original", you won't regret it!. G
If you don't visit here at least once during your vegas trip, you're doing vegas wrong honey.... . So. Good.. . Their sandwiches make me cry with happiness and I know everything will be okay and world peace and unicorns and ..
Disclaimer: I ate here at 4am after clubbing, so my opinion might be a bit biased.. . I finally got to try Earl on my latest trip to Vegas. I had the chicken chipotle avocado. I absolutely love avocado so this seemed like a natural choice for me. The bread has a nicely toasted exterior, yet still manages to stay warm and soft inside. The chipotle sauce added a nice hint of spiciness and the fresh avocado was absolutely delicious.. . The fact that they're open 24 hours to accomodate hungry drunk people is just awesome. Incredibly satisfying and it won't break the bank. I'll be back for sure whenever I'm in Vegas.
Open 24 Hours, and it's gotta be one of the best foods (value wise) you can get on the strip. If they have the Holiday Turkey Sandwhich, I absolutely recommend you try it. Otherwise, you can't go wrong with The Original 1762 or the Chicken Chipotle Avocado (when is that sandwhich ever bad?).. . This place might be the only reason people visit Planet Hollywood anymore. And don't waste your time at Pinks - opt for Earl of Sandwhich instead.
First time eating here. Tried the Full Montagu and it was incredibly delicious! And the best part? It's dairy and egg free!
*** OPEN 24 HOURS ***. . AMBIANCE: Long lines (that move pretty quickly) at peak hours (weekends during lunch/dinner), casual self-service eatery. . THINGS OF NOTE: Condiments like tabasco, mayo, mustard(s) are provided. I'm all about the condiments, so I *really* appreciate that. (You can actually find Dirty chips at the ABC store right across Earl's!) Great place to stop at for a quick bite after a night out in Vegas.. SERVICE: Self-service.. PRICE: Less than $10 per person.. VALUE: Great value, like Quizno's except tastier.. CHANCE OF RETURNING: 100%. . ___________________________________. . :::: THE FOOD ::::. . . * HOLIDAY SANDWICH - $5.99.            - [5/5 - Oven-roasted turkey, hearty stuffing, zesty cranberry sauce, seasoned mayonnaise and warm gravy. ------------ I've called a few times in the past 2 years to ask exactly when this sandwich will be available. I like it *that* much. Must be consumed within less than 20mins or it gets super soggy.]. * THE EARL'S CLUB - $5.99.            - [4.5/5 - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce]. * THE FULL MONTAGU - $5.99.            - [4/5 - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce]. * CARIBBEAN JERK CHICKEN  - $5.99.            - [3.5/5 - Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce]
Absolutely LOVE this place!! Tried about three different sandwiches there while I was visiting Vegas, and i couldn't get enough of it!! I ended up taking some home because I was so obsessed.. . The pricing here is not overwhelming at all, definitely worth the price you pay.. . The side items aren't that great.  Mac&cheese is a little dry, and the side cold pasta didn't taste fresh.
Earl of Sandwich is a must eat in Vegas. . . Every sandwich I have tried is amazing. My favorites are the Earls Club, Chipotle Avocado, the All American, and Holiday Sandwich.  I don't really know what it is about these sandwiches but they definitely leaving you wanting more. Seriously, a vegas trip isn't complete without a stop at Earls. . . It's 24 hrs. cheap. and awesome.
Good quality sandwich. Price around $7 . Very fresh
Until this past weekend, I had not had an Earl of Sanwhich since Walt Disney World's Downtown Disney in 2006, yet I still remember how tasty it was. When I heard they had put one in the Miracle Mile shops, I couldn't wait to try it again!. . We went this past Sunday night at 2:30 (ish) am and had it takeout in our rooms in bed, breakfast in bed style. I had The Full Montagu and my boyfriend had the Cannonballs (meatball). It was just as good as I remembered.. . Their sandwiches are simple, but that is what makes them so good. And at least with the warm sandwiches, they are amazing at making the bread crispy on the outside but gooey on the inside.   . . Earl is also pretty affordable, which is nice since Vegas can get a tad pricy. I highly recommend it for lunch, dinner, and late night!
I love this place.  Best sandwiches I have ever had I think.  PH is not my favorite place to gamble or stay but as far as food goes it has my two favorite quick eats spots on the strip in Earl and YOLOs.  I would suggest going to Earls at least once per Vegas trip and trying a new sandwich each time because they are all amazing.  My favorite thing to do is grab a sandwich and then walk 30 feet to the PH sports book and watch a bunch of games while I eat but you can definitely take these to go or eat at Earl of Sandwich too (they also have 1 TV).
Your Vegas trip simply is not complete until you've had Earls. There are few foods in this world that taste just as magical sober as when you're drunk - Earls is one of them. Whether you're inebriated out of your mind and don't remember what you ordered, or whether you're savoring every bite, attempting to cure your Ciroc-induced hangover, it's a piece of miracle.. . THE MAC AND CHEESE IS THE BOMB.
Will definitely visit this place every time I'm in Vegas! The best sandwiches hand down, I tried the Chipotle Chicken with Avocado and the Holiday Sandwich (turkey, stuffing, gravy, and cranberry sauce . . . both were excellent!
I've tried Earl of Sandwich at Downtown Disney for first time and craving for next try. . As planning for vegas, visiting earl of sandwich is one of my plan. . I and my friends ordered original, full mantagu, tuna and earl's club. Their bread was chewy and tender.  full mantagu and original has juicy roast beef and tuna was also good flavor. Only the earl's club tasted like ordinary sandwich.  Everything was really good though. . If you like horseradish sauce, you have to ask extra horseradish sauce at cashier for no charge.  It will make your taste bud happy for sure.  . . Located in Planet Hollywood. (our group walked about 15 min to try only this place and it was worth it.) . Service is friendly.
Earl of Sammich is DANK! One of the only places on the strip that is delicious and affordable. This is my favorite place to go for food every time I go to Vegas!!. . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED by everyone I know!
Excellent food, great location.  Will be going back when in Las Vegas
After a late night if drinking and gambling the hubby and I came across this place at 3 am... So glad that we did. The service was excellent, sandwich was amazing, fresh coffee, best way to end the night. Definitely will return next time we are in vegas.  Already craving the full montague and a club.
When I first read reviews on Yelp, I thought there would be know way a casual place on the strip would be this good for a really good price.. . Everything I've gotten, from their Italian sandwich to their classic, has always tasted perfect.  They butter and grill the sandwiches to perfection each time and just the right amount of dressing/sauce.  . . From what I recall sandwiches run around $7 which is a good price for something on the strip.  Considering that most of the McDonald's have inflated prices, this is a very good deal!
I made it a point to try here after reading all the reviews on Yelp and I am glad I did. When my wife and I got there, the place was packed but the line wasn't that bad.. . We decided to split an Earl's Club since we were planning to buffet it up later on that night. . . The sandwich was great, everything tasted awesome with crunchy/soft bread and delicious meat and cheese. It was overall a pretty simple sandwich but the flavors worked so good together and the quality just seemed higher than other sandwich shops that I have been to. . . Oh yeah the price is just right too, especially for Vegas in my opinion.
Best tuna melt ever
The best sandwiches that I have ever had, hands down.  This shop is actually a big reason that we book our rooms at Planet Hollywood.  Breakfast sandwiches are amazing.  We actually go to restaurants for drinks and then to Earl of Sandwich for dinner.  :)
After nearly 2700 reviews for Earl, I doubt I'll say anything you haven't readyet so I'll keep this short(er) and sweet.  These sandwiches are truly some of the most flavorful I've ever had.  Presentation is awesome, great variety of healthy options here and a lot of fun side/dessert items.  I did feel the pricing for the sandwiches is a little high as they aren't large sandwiches, but you pay nearly $7 for them.  I can get a foot long at Subway for $5, but the taste of the sandwiches makes up for the cost and are probably proportionate portion sizes for what we should all eat for a sandwich.  You will enjoy!
Great value in a town where most places gouge you!  Had the Full Montagu and it was deeeeelicious and filling (even for a big guy like me!).  A great part for me was that the bread was substantial enough to hold the sandwich without being overdone... so few sandwich places hit the sweet spot, but they sure did!  The seating area was packed, but I think that's a testament to how good their sandwiches are.
I love the flavors of this place and the location. Good sandwiches and the Pleasure Pit--can I ask for more? Quick tips first though!. . 1. There is a parking structure that enters into the rear of the Miracle Mile Shops.. . 2. Earl of Sandwich is located near the entrance of the casino via Las Vegas Blvd.. . 3. If you're taking the walkway, the shop is on the first floor. There is no direct elevator down to the first floor from the second floor shops! Use the escalator. Walk past, til you see Pinks and go into the doors of Planet Hollywood.. . Earl of Sandwich is one of our favorite stops in Vegas. The food is really great, the service is pretty fast, and the prices are really good--at least for Vegas. My favorite sandwich here is the Hawaiian Chicken. MAN the sauce is amazing on it and the pineapple slice along with the melted cheese is almost heavenly. Whenever my girlfriend and I come, we always order at least one Hawaiian Chicken sandwich.. . We've also had the Earl Club, the Chipotle Chicken, and the Full Montagu. The first two sandwiches are good, though the Earl Club is a little too over the top with the sandwich sauce that they provide. It can get a little too messy and salty or it can be awesome and just right. The Chipotle Chicken is great too with a lovely chipotle sauce as well as avocados and bacon. The only thing we would not really recommend is the Full Montagu, just not as flavorfulfor us. The great thing about Earl of Sandwich is that their breads are toasted and rolled out of the machine on the spot. In fact you can watch them make your sandwich and roll it out on the grilling rack.. . One of the things that I like is that even when the line is long, I can expect to wait maybe 10 minutes or so before ordering. The food is quick to come out as well. The only thing I would possibly say is an issue is that the service people may appear to be a little bit snippy when you're ordering a sandwich. This can be forgiven since I know that they deal with some fairly obnoxious guests that can be a little too drunk.. . Anyways, the prices are what makes this place really special. Realistically, $6.49 (Hot) or $5.99 (cold) sandwiches would be nothing to go on about in LA or in any other city for that matter, especially when you consider that the size of the sandwiches are not gargantuan and may be even on the small side. However, being that it is 1. in Vegas and 2. in a casino, the prices that they set are pretty budget. I love this place just for the fact that my girlfriend and I can get full off of $20.. . I just want to point out though that besides the sandwiches, we have also tried some desserts that they offer. My girlfriend swears by the chocolate brownie. I'm not a brownie person myself, but I can agree that it is rich and definitely chocolatey. Hope you guys can try it out for yourself!
Come here for sammich bread! It just melts in your mouth!. . 24-hours and wallet friendly!
First time I had Earls was a few years ago when i came down with family. It was yummy then and its still yummy now! This place is a thumbs up and def must try. Come get your sandwich! toasted just right and so delicious!
Hell yeah.. . Want a sandwich?. . Get one here.. . Awesome in so many ways.  Tasty, portioned right, consistent, timely, and all with a friendly staff.  Been here dozens upon dozens of times and it always delivers on all levels.. . Thank you, and please continue.
Perhaps because it was 3am....perhaps because it was delectable....perhaps because I was inebriated....perhaps because it was very reasonably priced (2 sandwiches for less than $15). You get the drift.  For my money, this is a must visit for every future Vegas trip. Note: I've only experienced the Planet Hollywood location.
I love that this place is open 24 hours a day. Probably the best sandwich of Las Vegas on the strip. I had their sandwich 3 times during my entire trip. Each trying something different. All of their sandwiches are great. Didn't have to worry about any peanut allergies. Seating area gets pretty packed for lunch. Food comes out very quickly even though they give you a buzzer. I would probably say wait time from ring up to pick up is about 3 minutes. This is a must try when your in Vegas.
I ordered The Full Montagu, Hawaiian BBQ and Tuna Melt ^_^
The other reviewers are spot-on on this place.  You'd think it is just a typical sandwich place if you didn't know it was a gem.  The food stands out though.  You'll go back once you try it.  There are so many choices and so far every one of them was good.
This is always  my #1 stop in Vegas. The best sandwiches in the whole wide world. The fact that it is open all the time is amazing!! Great place to grab a cheap bite to eat! And you always meet the coolest people in line. The staff has always been super friendly too!!
Let me preface this by saying that I am not ordinarily a sandwich person. But everytime I am in Vegas, I cannot come here enough. Which means  two or three times in a two day period.. . As many others have mentioned, it is cheap. It is also insanely delicious. The location is convenient, and no matter what you order you will be satisfied.  The breakfast sandwiches are awesome too, the perfect cure for the common Vegas hangover. I always grab one before heading to the airport. Does the trick.
I was staying at the Elara Hilton and walking through the casino and miracle miles pretty intoxicated. I saw Earl of Sandwich and thought this place is open 24/7 and there is massive people here it must be good ! . . Waited in line for about 5 minutes and decided on a classic BLT. Man, that sandwich was TASTY. I finished it before going back to my room. It was only 6.95 which is a steal for what other sandwiches I could have gotten as well. The bread was soooo good and the bacon was perfect. . . Will recommend this to anyone on a budget, drunk or who just wants a sandwich that inst made by a "artist" . SOLID 5 STAR
This is by far one of the best sandwiches I have ever had.... . Do not underestimate the magic of Earl... your mouth will water while you're waiting in line and you will leave in pure delight and orgasmic pleasure.. . Two word of advice: TUNA MELT!
Hands down the best sandwich in Vegas. If this little gem wasn't located on the strip, I'd be a regular.. . Fresh baked artisan breads, tasty meats, a variety of specialty sandwiches, freshly made potato and macaroni salads.. . There really isn't much more to add that hasn't been stated by other Yelpers! Earl is a tasty sandwich with a great portion size (not too big and not too small).
Yumyum! Solid staple of Vegas for a quick, cheap, and really good bite to eat pre-clubbing. I like the combination of the nicely melted inside ingredients with the toasted bread.
love this place best sandwich place in vegas
The service was fast and friendly. I was amazed by the options available on the menu. The the food seemed to be fresh, and high-quality and the price was great, especially in comparison to the other choices of the same caliber in the Las Vegas Strip area. I would definitely go back!
Earls Sandwich... it's simply THE BEST!!!!!!  Awhile I was in Las Vegas, friends and I stopped by here to grab a bite.  Everything was incredibly delicious!  After painting the town with fond memories, we made a trip back the same night to have some more!  And also stopped by the next morning to grab some for the road home!  Since I'm from Orange County, we found out a new location was opening in Downtown Disney and couldn't wait for it to open!
AMAGAD, I HAVE TO GO HERE EVERYTIME I'M IN VEGAS!!!  I haven't come to Vegas once without making at least one stop here for a sandwich.. . The Tuna Melt is TO DIE FOR.  Add plenty of black pepper in the sandwich, and maybe some Tobasco here and there, and I am IN HEAVEN!!!  It's my must-get sandwich for sure.. . I also really, really love the Caribbean Jack Chicken and Hawaiian BBQ, with lots of Tobasco as well.  SO SO YUMMMMMMYYYY.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it, hahaha.  I feel like every bite of the sandwich just melts into my mouth deliciously!!!
Ever since my brother had turned us onto this place a couple years ago, we crave sandwiches from this place quite frequently...it is both good and bad that we do not live nearby.  Open 24 hours located inside Planet Hollywood, there is almost always a line, but moves very quickly.  They give you a buzzer to let you know when your order is ready.  The staff are efficient, the assembly line moves so quickly, there really is not a need for friendliness, especially since the menu is self explanatory.  Our favorites are The Original with baked-to-order bread, horseradish sauce and a good amount of roast beef and cheese piled on, for $6.95.  The bf enjoys the tuna melt.  They also have seasonal items for the winter such as macaroni and cheese, which we did not get to try and the Chicken Promodoro, which had this amazing pesto on it.  They also have brownies and cookies for the sweet tooth.  Since this place is walking distance from our timeshare and it serves delicious sandwiches along with our 10% discount, it is the ultimate yummy and quick go to meal for us.
A staple for any Vegas visit. The baked to order bread is crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. My favorite is the All American and a side of tomatoe soup. The lines can be ridiculous sometimes
My friends and I almost come here every time we come to Vegas.  Sandwiches are cheap yet super filling, and there is a wide variety as well.  Although there's a fairly long line every time I've come here, it goes by pretty quickly and you don't wait too long for your order too.  I suggest this place if you want to grab a quick meal and don't want to spend much (especially in Vegas).  There's also a large seating area so you can also enjoy your sandwich right then and there.
Ah absolutely nothing better at 5 AM when I'm in who-knows-what dimension. If their sandwiches had vaginas then women wouldn't matter. It's Vegas, baby!
Whenever I visit Vegas (once or twice a year) I always intend on coming to Earl for their sandwich but never do because of their ridiculous line. So after this past Vegas trip for spring break with the girls we ended up staying at Planet Hollywood for a week.. . Let me just say that for a week of staying here, me and my girlfriend ate here 5x in a row and made sure to buy 3 sandwiches before we headed back home to Hawaii. I've only tried the tuna melt because everything else sounded delicious but it contained meat in them (I'm a pescinarian). For about $7.00 a sandwich which is a huge and incredibly delicious sandwich it'll leave you tummy full, your mouth happy and you wanting and craving for more. . . I like that the workers are very fast in making the sandwiches, they line does look long but it moves pretty fast. They do have a small dining area but we only did takeout so we could bring it back upstairs to our room. I like the fact that they only use one type of bread which is good so it doesn't leave you with thoughts of "what bread should I get" "Will this bread be good". It's perfectly toasted to perfection and the tuna and Swiss cheese just blends so well in the sandwich...*so simple but good*. . . Friends tried the breakfast sandwich and he said it was yummy and another friend tried the American and she said it was perfect! But she still liked the tuna melt the best. Now I know when I'm in Vegas, EARL of sandwich is a MUUST go to especially because they are always open.
After reading the reviews before arriving in Vegas, my finace and I knew we had to stop.  OMG!! Amazing.  They par-bake the bread so when they cook it through the impinger - it tastes like it was freshly baked!!  CHEAP TOO!!!!! After losing most of our $$ in Vegas this was a great option!
Yummy sandwiches, lots of variety, very fair pricing. Open 24 hours!  However, the one at Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile serves better sandwiches than the newer one at the Palms.  I think the Palms location is  still working out the kinks.
Chicken chipotle avocado is my all time favorite here :).. . I always look forward to going here every time I come to Vegas. It's inside planet Hollywood. Although the line is sometimes really long, the service is really fast! I love how efficient this place is. You order, bring your receipt to the register and pay! The register will give you this buzzer thing where it will vibrates when your food is ready. I've tried five different sandwiches already and loved all of them!!   I'm never disappointed every time I get a chance to eat here.. . For my last Vegas trip (two weeks ago). My friends and I would come here for dinner and order a sandwich haha. We would eat half of it there and save the other half to eat after clubbing! It is still amazing after a couple of hours :). Earls after a night of drinking is super awesome! If you and your friends are not as lazy as I am , you guys can just come here after the club ends instead of saving your sandwich from dinner because this place is open 24 hours! Ammmmazzzinnnnggggg :)
despite the strange name, this place was pretty awesome. get the full montagu
I usually hate sub sandwich places, but this is as good as it gets.. . Would stop by here after work sometimes, and grab a sandwich. My favorite is the holiday turkey one, it's actually the only one I get.. It has turkey, cranberries, and stuffing jammed between two doughy pieces of bread, a match made in heaven.. The service is fast, despite how busy they get sometimes. I recommend everyone swing by this place and give it a whirl.
As I said in my last review, when I come back to Vegas I will for sure come back & GUESS WHAT?! I did :). . Again, I gave up meat for Lent so I couldn't get what I got last time which was oh-so-yummers (the chicken chipotle avocado) so I decided on the CAPRESE (I think that's what it's called) & it was so yummy! I ate the WHOLE sandwich, yup. Quite a feat for me, if you knew me. Yes I went here after leaving Pure so I was 'Happy Camille.' Either way, I am so glad that they have vegetarian alternatives that taste just as good as their regular meat sandwiches :)
YUM!  Best sandwich in Vegas, very long line but it moves quick.  Neither me or my cousin were disappointed with how everything we got tasted.  Price is good, food was good, stop complainin!
My girlfriends and I came here anticipating a looong wait because everyone and their MOMS were here on Saturday afternoon, but were pleasantly surprised by the efficiency of the staff and the speed with which we ordered and received our food. We ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken sandwich, The Original, and the Chipotle chicken. . . Jamaican Jerk Chicken-sweet, tangy, spicy. Chipotle chicken-smokey, tangy, and flavorful. The Original-juicy roast beef with horseradish sauce and cheese. chocolate brownie-gooey, chocolatey, and crispy. very tasty. . . It's so hard to pick a favorite. In our fast-paced world where the goal is always optimization and finding the best of one thing, it is hard to resist the idea of comparing. But I will take the more mindful route and simply say that they were all tasty in their own way and that you cannot go wrong when you come to Earl of Sandwich!
VEGAS VEGAS VEGAS!!!! I LOSE SO MUCH DAMN MONEY EVERY TIME I GO TO VEGAS!!!!!. . Earl of Sandwich helps my wallet by being cheaper than most every food on the strip yet somehow matching and often surpassing that same aforementioned food.. Each sandwich tastes great, so don't worry about which one to get. Just get a cheap sandwich ($5 to $7) or three, go to your room (if you still have one), and grub down while tears of joy (delicious sandwich) and depression (where's my money?!?!) roll down your face. . . Lines are long, most of the time, so try not to go crazy with all of the Vegas sounds destroying your senses.
Let me tell you this place knows how to do sandwiches! It's open pretty much all the time and almost always has a line which is a sign of a good restaurant (usually). Man the bread was so good it was crispy on the outside and nice and soft on the inside. Everything one would expect in a delicious sando. Definitely visit this place- you can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches, both my boyfriends and mine were really amazing! The salads looked a little package-y and not so fresh but I didn't have that I went for sandos and chips and those were super YUM
This place is a must have every time i go to Vegas. It doesn't matter what you order everything is good here. They are also open late which is prefect for Vegas.
24 hours. You can phone in your order if you don't want to wait in the long lines. But even though the lines are long, the food is worth it twice fold. This is the kind of place you give into the food, throw out your calorie counting habit, and just enjoy all that is in the creations of Earl of Sandwich.. . You have to try the tuna melt. Seriously. You will love that sandwich more than the smartphone in your hand you're using to read this review. Like my favorite Yelper Natalie M. said: "BEST TUNA MELT....LIKE....EVER!" . . I'm just waiting for Cali to catch on and bring this bad boy over!
I've never had a bad meal at any location.  One of my favorite sandwich places.   I recommend the Original, The Club, The Full Montagu, and the Ham n Swiss.  Their house brand chips are also excellent.  If you're ever near one, definitely give it a shot.
I'm not even a Vegetarian but I could eat a Caprese Sandwich here everyday for the rest of my life and be satisfied.
why are you even reading a review for this place!!!. . just freaking go there and eat a damn sandwich and you will see!!!!!
Whats there to say that hasnt already been said? Fav is the menage trois
SO GOOD. I was a little skeptical as to how good this place would be, but I came here sober and it was even more amazing. I had the Chipotle Chicken with Avocado, and it was delicious! The bread is good, and the sauce is so yummy. Definitely try it out if you're around!!!!! I will most definitely be coming here every time I hit up Vegas.
You read the reviews and think, whatever it's just a sandwich place. But this sandwich is more than just a sandwich. It's an amazing experience between two slices of heavenly tasting bread. Be sure you try it out if you're ever looking for food in the Planet Hollywood area. The Mantugo was definitely one of my favorites (also got the All American and the Cobb Salad as a wrap). They were all pretty amazing and will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
My first time here was a move to get something in my stomach before heading to a lounge for the night. I opted for this casual quick stop over a heavily priced sit down restaurant elsewhere in the area. I'm glad I did! I have been back since then just to see if my thoughts on this joint were skewed by me just being hungry to the point where a boiled shoe would have been good. Nope, not at all. Don't let the line turn you away, it moves quickly
The reason why I am extremely adamant about staying in Planet Hollywood is the fact that it is a few drunken steps away from this Godsend. . . My friend and I have purposely planned our Vegas adventure around this restaurant.. We got dinner at Earls, went clubbing, and planned to leave the club early to get Earls before we crashed.. . The place is opened 24 hours (HALLELUJAH) and there is rarely that bad of a wait, even when the line is out the door. . . I would highly recommend the Thanksgiving Dinner sandwich (though I think it is only seasonal)
Many a drunken sandwich has been consumed here at Earl of Sandwich, but plenty of sober ones have passed my lips as well. . . Hands down the best sandwich is the chipotle chicken with avocado. The flavors all go so perfectly together. Such a simple sandwich and yet so yummy. . . The bread is always warm and tastes fresh. Ditto for the meat. . . Even the little baked goods they keep at the counter are delicious. I got a brownie the last time I was there and it was the perfect end to my meal.
I've heard many a story about the Earl of Sandwich and am so happy to have finally tried this delectable sandwich shop for myself. Delicious!!!. . My friend and I walked to Planet Hollywood from the MGM simply for lunch at Earl of Sandwich. While waiting in line, I perused the menu and decided to try the Full Montagu (subbing extra turkey for the roast beef). The warm bread, turkey, cheese (Swiss and cheddar), lettuce and tomato were all fresh and complemented each other perfectly. The "mustard sauce" that comes on the sandwich seemed a little too sweet (perhaps honey mustard) so I added a bit of dijon from the table and it added the right amount of kick. I'm not usually one to eat my entire meal in one sitting but it was so tasty that I couldn't put it down (plus, my room didn't have a fridge so I didn't have much choice...no way I was throwing this out!). . . At $6.50, the price was very reasonable, especially for a spot on the Strip in Vegas. I added a bag of chips to my order for $1.25 (also a great price!. . . While the restaurant looked crowded, they are very efficient at moving the line through quickly. Order at the first stop, pay at the second and then you receive a beeper for when you're sandwich is ready for pick up. . . Only downside is that the closest Earl of Sandwich is in Anaheim at Downtown Disney. But on the plus side, I have a Disney pass and hope to stop by on my next trip north!
On our first trip to las vegas we called in planet hollywood looking for something to eat at 3am in the morning ,being a bit worse for drink i managed to order the beef sandwich and tomato soup . Thinking i only thought it the best sandwich id ever had coz i was drunk we called the following aftrenoon and i wasnt wrong it was the best ,we have called everytime we'v been in vegas but not every day if thats what you thinking. Love vegas .
A staple of any Vegas trip (read: drunken outing). EoS is open 24x7 which makes it an ideal establishment for a delicious soup and sandwich at any time of day. Now you may be saying to yourself, Eric, why are you eating sandwiches in Vegas? To that I say, because compared to the plethora of expensive (albeit deliciously satisfying in their own right) buffets, this sandwich achieves the same result without having to worry about overstuffing yourself. At a fraction of the cost.. . (This means you can drink, gamble, or entertain yourself more however you choose). . Chipotle chicken, caprese, jerk chicken you ask? It's all good. Pair it with the tomato soup and you one tasty meal!. . P.S. The line can get pretty long depending on time of day (well duh)
CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO. . i just had to come back for this sandwich an additional 2 times.  the bread was super fresh and perfect like always and the order took 5 minutes. what more can i ask.
Uhhhhh!! The tuna sandwich is amazing!! And it's extra good with the tomato soup on the side to dip the sandwich in! I wish they had a southwest location!
Dob Guitar recommend this eat time establishment, and the holy bag fuck, this eat house is a chance. Place look like regularity budge food court eating establishment however it was more that meat the eye, like transformer. I request me hawaii bbq meat bakebread and it solved my hunger coach to pieces with fuck. Lots of coach in here which was 5h1 mbad, because I hate, to, fight with the weakers line is very big as there were many messed monster coaches in it but still worth. I tell you today to come here today if you want master sandwich for price of cheap pud  5/5 elf come out
Gotta give it to the Earl of Sandwiches!  They make one damn good sandwich hands down!. . They claim to be the best hot sandwich in the world.  I don't know who does the voting but they got mines.  I ordered the Original, which was pretty much a roast beef sandwich.  Warm roast beef with cheddar and horseradish sauce - pretty simple, but this sandwich gots pop!  I think what really got me was the crusty bread, which I believe is Ciabatta, but more in a hoagie style.  Again, I'm a texture guy warm soft roast beef and cheese inside a crusty bread -- you get the point.  . . This place always seem to have a line whether for breakfast, lunch, dinner and late night eats.  So don't be surprised just embrace since you'll know where to go eat at 4am in the morning stumbling around; "go with the crowd and don't get lost"!  - Enjoy!
SO GOOD!!! Stopped here after a long night of partying and it totally hit the spot! Not because it was really late and I was so hungry that my discerning palette was compromised...I don't think...We had the Hawaiian, the Caprese, and the Best BLT. The sandwiches are hot, so fresh, and all of them were delicious. The line can get really long, because they make everything from scratch, but it is really worth the wait. The line at 4 AM was not so bad hahaha.... . From now on, it will be my go-to after-clubbing spot in Vegas! I hope they open up a location in the Bay Area soon!!!
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! Who'd ever thought sandwiches could be THAT good? I've had a couple different kinds here and they're all so goooooood. I had the original, tuna melt, chipotle chicken avocado and the Caribbean jerk. I would have to say my favorite is the tuna melt and the chipotle chicken avocado. The original is really good too with the horseradish. And the caribbean jerk has this sweet explosion of peppers. They're all so good! I definitely want to come back and get some more but I live too far... Next time during my trip back to Vegas, I will definitely try some other sandwiches. I did find there's a location in Anaheim. Maybe I'll have to make the trip down there.
No Vegas trip is complete without a trip to Earl's, period. No, it's not the best thing I've ever eaten, but it's a pretty darn good sandwich and for the price, I can think of little else comparably good on the Strip.. . The bread is what makes the sandwich; it's warm, crusty and is the right denseness to hold the ingredients together and still be satisfying but not heavy.. . The big debate among our group is whether the Full Montagu or the Original is the superior sandwich. You certainly get more flavors with the Montagu, but I LOVE horseradish. Such a hard choice. . . The line is Earl's downside, even though it goes pretty quick. But if it is especially bad, you can avoid it by ordering the sandwich over the phone and gamble or stop by the ABC store around the corner for a few minutes. Then head to the front of the line past everyone waiting to pay!
Please teleport me back to Earl of Sandwich!!!. . During our 2-day, 2-night stay at Planet Hollywood, we ate here 3 times.  Once at 8am for breakfast, once at 9pm for dinner, and once at 3am after the club.  Talk about an obsession!  Good thing it's open 24/7!. . For $6.99, you get a piping hot sandwich of delicious, soft toasty bread (the bread is definitely a WINNER) filled with fresh ingredients.  All 3 times I dined here I had the Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich, which comes with grilled chicken, bacon, sharp cheddar, avocado, lettuce & chipotle sauce.  YUM! . . CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas?select=7d4KycSYKZ0nwn5VnJGMWw#7d4KycSYKZ0nwn5VnJGMWw. . Only thing is during peak dining hours (which is pretty much all the time...come on, it's Vegas), the line to order can be as long as 45 minutes.  But once its been ordered, the sandwich usually only takes about 5 minutes to come out.. . But even with the hugangous line, I would revisit again and again.  I cannot get over how delicious and affordable these sandwiches are!
I love this place! I always get the Full Montagu sandwich. I'm sorry; maybe it's because I'm starving after a whole night of partying or maybe it's because i'm drunk (it's very likely a combination of both), but the Full Montagu is freakin mouth-watering. It literally melts in my mouth. The mustard sauce that comes with it is really good as well (and I'm not a huge fan of sauce). I've visited the Earl of Sandwich in Downtown Disney, and the sandwiches are not as good there. This makes me come to the conclusion that the reason why this place is so good is indeed because I'm always drunk when I frequent this place. But it's okay; I'll give the place 5 stars anyway.
I only stay at the Cosmo, but I make the walk two or three times a weekend just to get a Chipotle Chicken Sandwich (or a few other sandwiches which are also awesome).. . Given the non-exorbitant price, there is not reason not to make the journey and try some of their sandwiches. If you don't, you're an idiot.
These little gold bricks of sandwiches is as good as it gets. . . Earl's is convenient, open late, and fresh. I usually order their Full Montagu and Caribbean Jerk Chicken. . . The line is usually about a 30 min wait but it's so worth it.
I had to check out Earl of Sandwich for myself since it got over 2700 reviews, and since they have "World's Greatest Hot Sandwich" title (self-made or otherwise, i don't care).  It's inside the Planet Hollywood as you walk in through the entrance for the Miracle Miles Shop. . . There is always a crazy, long line. My advise is get yourself a frozen drink from across the restaurant, and just wait. Even though the line was long, they cranked the orders out like a machine. . . I got the Earl's Club (which is their take on a turkey club--pretty classic taste) and the Hawaiian BBQ (which is truly scrumptious). The bread is perfectly toasted. Best of all it's only $6.00 per sandwich...refreshing after the arm and a leg you have to pay in Vegas for everything. Plus, it's open late--perfect for a late night snack!
The perfect and most convenient place to eat a delicious sandwich whenever you are on the strip and close to Planet Hollywood. Their Earl's Club is my all-time favorite. I first had this sandwich in 2011 and I keep ordering it every chance I get because it is one of those things that you start to crave!!!. . The restaurant is small, clean, and the staff is very friendly. I have seen a few people being mean to the staff (as I stood in line) but they were very courteous in return and never retaliated!
The best sandwich joint out there.  I am a huge fan of a good sandwich place and this one took the cake.  We ordered "The Original", "Italian", and "The Club"; my favorite was the original with the amazing Horsey sauce!  But let's face it, for less than $6 a sandwich on the strip, you can't go wrong here.  Extremely satisfied and glad to have taken advantage of the experience.
Ended up here after a long night/morning at the Marquee. I believe they are open 24/7 because we rolled in at 4 a.m. Food was good, staff was super friendly and the wait for the food was short.  I had "The Original" sandwich and my husband had "The Full Montagu" both were delicious and filling! Will go again!!
Earl of Sandwich is an awesome place to try!!! One bite and your stomach will be happy. The sandwich is cut for you.. . A recommendation is to either try the full montagu and the earls club. very simple but an explosion in your mouth of taste.. . They also have the best tomato soup! That is a must try.
awwwh..... droool... tuna sandwich was awesome!
Best place ever!!
yuuuuuuuuuuuuum!  so tasty!  and great customer service!
Crazy good sandwiches and soup. They gave me the wrong soup - tomato, when I ordered chicken enchilada, but it worked out because I got to keep both and the tomato was actually better. Salad was also good and line went fast.
So I hardly frequent sandwich shops and going to this place makes me wonder why I don't go more often because this place has reignited my love for sandwich shops! And FYI the line is long for a reason.. . All of the sandwiches are hot with a delicious freshly made bread. They have many fun options to try such as hawaiian BBQ, cannonballs (meatball sandwich lol), chicken chipotle avocado, and holiday turkey (complete with turkey, stuffing, gravy, and cranberries!) The prices are reasonable at 5.99-8.00 I think. Yes, more expensive than subway but 5x better. . . I got the All American- turkey, cheddar, cranberries, lettuce, tomato, and ranch. Sounds odd but so freakin' good. I want one right now...too bad Vegas is 6 hours away. Poop.
I come here every time I'm in Vegas... WHY?!?. . *Huge variety of hot, delicious sandwiches. *Open all day everyday. *Quick moving lines. *Friendly and efficient service. *Reasonably priced. *Refreshing lemonades for that 110 weather. *Amazing soups that hit the spot when you're hungover. . Oh and did I mention that its wrapped in GOLD?!!?! I feel like I've uncovered something spectacular everytime I open it. . . My favorite sandwiches!! (in order). . Chipotle Chicken Avocado: Grilled chicken, BACON, sharp cheddar, AVOCADO, lettuce & chipotle sauce. . . Full Montagu - Roast beef AND turkey, mustard, swiss and cheddar cheese. . Hawaiian BBQ - Grilled chicken, ham, grilled PINEAPPLE, and teriyaki sauce. . You must go. Stop reading this and go.
Earls is always on the affordable side. The sandwiches are great! I work at Planet Hollywood at the Massage Chairs and we always get the discounted food. LOL perks of working there. The Kona coffee is always fresh! I get my coffee there with free refills. After about 2 cups I'm good. There is a sports book right across from there so if you like sports you may want to try out the samiches too!!
Delicious sandwiches and salads at a great affordable price (esp. for Vegas)! It's great to get away from all the junk food and have something fresh(er) and cheap!
JERK CHICKEN! JERK CHICKEN! JERK CHICKEN!!!!!!!! EVERY TIME I come to LV, I always make it a point to eat at Earl's at least once! As stated above, the Jerk Chicken sandwich is highly recommended. The prices are low and it's filling! You can't miss eating here while you're LV and they are open LATE!
I basically lived off food inside Planet Hollywood the past week. I never knew sandwiches were gonna win on this one. This place is MMMMMMMMM. +5 stars!
There's always a line, but don't fret it moves really quickly. I always get the chicken chipotle avocado whether its for lunch or 3am. This place is open 24/7. It's about $7/per sandwich.
I love Earl's! I stayed at Planet Hollywood on my recent Vegas trip, so Earl of Sandwich was my typical lunch (because I never woke up early enough for their breakfast menu that's served until 11 AM.. boo!). . I tried the BLT, The Earl's Club (Turkey and Bacon), Italian and The Full Montagu (Roast Beef and Turkey). Amazingly, all of the sandwiches were seriously good. I'm not sure which was my favorite, as they all were equally tasty... but since I'm a bacon lover, it'd probably have to be the Earl's Club. . . Highly recommend all of their sandwiches and will continue going here on my future trips to Vegas for a quick bite. . . Skip their tempting cupcakes and cookies at checkout though. Waste your calories on the million other Vegas pastry shops. Shamefully, I tried the sugar cookie, chocolate chip cookie, brownies and the red velvet cupcake. All extremely generic tasting. The frosting on the cupcakes were super sweet like canned frosting and the cookies are made with margarine instead of butter, which is never a good thing for chocolate chip cookies. Or any cookies for that matter. ;)
LOVE LOVE LOVE THEIR SANDWICHES.. seriously the best cure to feeling like crap.. . The line is always super long but good thing they serve fast! (:. . Sandwiches:. . 1. chipotle chicken avacado: SUPER TASTY. their chipotle sauce is amazingg! It makes the sandwich super delicious. everything about this sandwich is good, my absolute favorite here.. . 2. Tuna Melt: it was okay. Their tuna was kind of bland :\ . . 3. The Earl: I love the bacon in this sandwich! if you love turkey and bacon together, this is the sandwich to get, it was pretty good.
I went to the Earl's inside the Palms rather than this one because the line here is SO long I recommend taking the trip to Palms for no wait at all. I had the Italian sandwich and boy was it amazing. The toasted bread was perfect not too hard or soft. The sandwich was packed with flavor. I have had a lot of sandwiches in my day and this had to be the best. Grab some to take home before you leave Vegas and throw them in a toaster oven when you get home.. trust me!
We stopped and ate here yesterday.  I'm really not much of a sandwich craver but the sandwiches here are worth checking out.  I had the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich and found it to be flavorful worthy of recommendation.  The prices are reasonable, especially for the strip.  There were six of us and we got through a short line very quickly and had our food within 10-15 minutes of sitting down.  I would definitely recommend trying this place.
Believe it or not, I've only been to Vegas twice, which happen to have been in the last few months.  The first visit I was dead tired in the hotel room and my group of friends had gone out to eat, at Earl's.  They called me and asked if I wanted anything. I said yes and to just order whatever everyone else was having, which I believe was the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. . . Absolutely delicious!!! Definitely was a pick up from my hotel ridden state! SO of course I went back on my most recent trip this last weekend.. . This time my friend and I split sandwiches to maximize options, lol.
Ok ok, I saw all the high reviews. So I knew I HAD to try Earl's, especially since it was right across from where I was staying (Aria). The line was so longgg (roughly an hour!) but I was determined to see how good of a sandwich this was. . . Well, I'll be damned. This sandwich was BOMB. I had the chicken chipotle without the bacon and it was delicoussss. From the bread, to the sauce, I was super happy we tried it. I also had a cup of the chicken tortilla soup. SO GOOD. And I think my group was less angry towards me for making them wait an hour of A SANDWICH once we all tried our food. . . Came here again 2 nights later and the line was alot quicker (all the EDC peeps left...haha). . . Go here for cheap, good food! Nothing wrong with that!
The first time I tried the famous Earl of Sandwich, I tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. I was not a fan of the peppery flavor.. . This time, I went for the original. Best choice EVER! I was hesitant when I read that it had horseradish sauce, but I figured this was the house specialty - it's got to be good.. . And was it. Pure awesome. I don't like horseradish usually, but cobined with the rich flavor of the roast beef and other meats, it was perfect.. . In fact, my boyfriend and I liked our sandwiches so much that we ordered 8 more to bring home with us after we left Vegas. Hell yeah!
I would eat here every day if I lived in vegas. best. sandwich. ever.. . and thats coming from someone in the tristate area - I know a good Deli!
These guys are crankin' amazing sandwiches out at all hours of the night. Probably the best cheap quick meal you can find at 4am on the strip. Definitely check it out if you're anywhere near the PH and looking for a cheap bite. The lines can get long, especially around the lunch hours. . . Strong advocate of the Chipotle Chicken, don't forget to ask for banana peppers. They're so good, I strongly considered smuggling a few of these badboys back home in my duffle.
The best sandwich ever!!!
The Holiday Turkey was marvelous! I got a side of mac and cheese too! Plus the Earl Grey lemonade was a thing of crisp, deliciousness! I have to make my own now! I wanna try the rest of the sandwiches!  Yummmmmmmm
Finally decided to write a review for this place after coming here several times. This place is one of the most budget-friendly, yet delicious places you can find around the strip. . . The menu here is loaded with deliciousness. So many choices to choose for and most choices can be had for around $6 dollars. Their bread is amazing and they really make sure you get the best bang for your buck by stuffing your sandwich. I got the carribean jerk chicken this time around and the delicious grilled peppers went perfectly with the cheesy and the tender chicken. The bread here is also high quality bread- crunchy on the outside and extremely toasty on the inside.. . Big NOTE: the line always looks intimidating here, but it actually moves pretty quickly. They do a really good job of moving people in and out of the line as soon as possible.. . Gotta come here again and try em' all!
AMAZING SANDWICHES !!  Earl's lived up to it's reputation.  I love their hot sandwiches and how cheap they are ($6.99) especially since it's on the strip (in Planet Hollywood).  Earl's is also 24/7 now, and be sure to try their brownie sandwiches if you've got a sweet tooth; my boyfriend made us walk to Earl's THREE TIMES for these brownie sandwiches.  All in all, a must try when you're in Vegas.
After wading through all of the reviews on Yelp about this place I decided to brave the 0.1 mile walk from the MGM in the 97 degree weather (don't judge; I'm fat and out of shape) to see what all the buzz was about.  I also attribute some of my motivation to the fact that I'm a male and therefore genetically pre-disposed to having an affinity for sandwiches.. . With that aside I have to say the trip was definitely worth it.  I ordered the avocado chipotle chicken something-or-other and was not disappointed.  I might have to sneak out when everyone's asleep and get me another.
best sammich I've ever had!
Ate it 3 times this past weekend. My puke would have tasted amazing if it wasn't for the subway sandwich.
The line may be long, but it's definitely worth it. The sandwiches are so large that you can definitely eat half and then eat the other half after you get back from clubbing in the wee hours of the morning!. . I ordered the pulled pork, which is one of their specials for the month. It was perfectly sauced, the meat was tender and juicy, and the bread was perfectly toasted. And it tasted just as good at night, even though it was cold. . . The only thing that could make Earl of Sandwich better would be a location in the Bay Area!
Love this place! We always order the Italian & it's perfect every time.
Quick and delicious. Diverse selection, something for everyone. a definite staple -- I go here at least once every time I am in Vegas.
Breakfast, lunch, dinner, pre-club, or post-club as the sun is rising, Earl of Sandwich is good 24/7.. . Probably one of the best value-priced meals on the strip.  So cheap, simple, but well executed.  Also, more than likely you'll encounter a massive line.  Don't worry, it does move relatively quickly, so just wait! . . The menu is also pretty big, but my favorites are the original and Italian.
This place is epically delicious
Boyfriend was randomly browsing around for a good breakfast place to eat at when we went on our Vegas trip for the summer && Earls of Sandwiches popped up. THE NUMBERS DON'T LIE! One of the best value-priced meals on the strip we've came across! I had their Ham,Egg,and Bacon breakfast sandwich with a side of Chicken Tortilla soup - ( yes, it's simple, but I'm pretty picky when it comes to my bacon and soups) everything was on point, no complaints. The boyfriend and a friend of his had the Carribean Jerk Chicken sandwich - they could not stop raving about it throughout the whole meal. Every bit comes with a compliment. DEFINITELY on our to-eat list next time we're in Vegas.
Worlds Best Sandwiches!!! Definitely a must go to in Vegas. Prices are more affordable than a Vegas Mcdonalds.Also they are open 24 hrs good place to eat after the club!
Cheap, quick, delicious food joint on the strip! Went here during lunch time so it was a bit crowded, but nothing horrible. . . I ordered the Chipotle Chicken Avocado (grilled chicken, bacon, sharp cheddar, avocado, lettuce & chipotle sauce), and my sister ordered the Best BLT (bacon, lettuce, tomato & seasoned mayonnaise). We also ordered their Triple Chocolate Brownies and the Earl Grey Lemonade. The brownies were good, but nothing spectacularly unique. The lemonade was kind of tasteless in my opinion. I really, really enjoyed my sandwich though! So did my sister, but I don't think she enjoyed hers to the extent that I did. . . I will definitely give this place another visit the next time I'm in Vegas and am in need of a quick, cheap lunch! . . If you go on their website and sign up with them, you will receive a coupon for a free sandwich on your birthday!
Dear Earl of Sandwich,. . It's been 3+ years that we've seen each other. I didn't realize how much I missed you until I had that Tuna Melt and various other sandwiches a month ago. With every single bite, I realized how much more I love you. . . SO FREAKIN' GOOD! Simple, worthy, and delicious. . . **Open 24 Hours, jackpot!. **Freshly made when ordered! Baked to perfection, never burnt!. **You order first and grab snacks/desserts/salads and order a drink as you pay and receive a pager!. . I've had 5 different variations of the sandwiches and can say that every single one is delicious! TUNA MELT is my absolute favorite here!!! Ahh just talking about it, makes me crave it! . . So Earl, if you are ever looking to expand, please look into Northern California (as I know there is one in Downtown Disney). That would be extremely glorious!. . Yours truly,. Holly
if you come to vegas without previous plans of visiting Earl's... . STAY HOME!. . I've been to EARLS and have multiple reviews from:. 2010. 2011. 2012. 2013. . . of course after drinking a handle of vodka, the CIROC BOYS had to head down to Earl's after a night of dancing at the brand new HAKKASAN hotel.. . the walked there sucked incredible amounts of c*ck... from the MGM all the way to Planet Hollywood after jumping up and down and dancing for five hours straight? #MADNESS!. . HOT HOLIDAY TURKEY SANDWICH:. hot turkey, stuffing, cranberry, and oozing gravy. all the fixings like we were in the middle of November.. . HOT CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO:. grilled chicken, avocado, bacon, god damnit.. . . you win again, Earl. Well worth it. You lovely bastard!
Must try the food!
great place for a quick sandwich.  I personally think the sandwiches here are better than panera bread.  the salads are so so, if you go there, make sure your order their sandwiches.
The best hot sandwhich I ever tried. Everytime i come to vegas i have to make sure i come here
The best service, value and freshness in LV!!!
Best Tuna Melt I have ever eaten hands down!!!!! The catch is to add tomatoes, onions, and avocado.
So any place with that many reviews and a great score demands a nod of interest. The wife and I have recently moved to Las Vegas from Northern California. We are on the hunt for local good food. As we have recently discovered, any resident or local tries to stay the hell away from the strip..  We had to run downtown today, and decided to grab a sandwich and watch the flocking tourist. As expected there was a decent line of approx. 15 people a head of us. We patient;y waited our turn and made our order. (Cuban, Holiday Turkey, and The full Mont.) We got out numbered pager, drinks, and headed into the packed dinning room for a table. We lucked out, grabbed a warm table that just lifted. .   Less than ten min. pass and our sandwiches are ready. I open the Cuban first, warm, toasty and looked delicious. My wife had the Holiday Turkey that was just as good looking. The first bite for both of us was a religious experience, we put a lot of expectations into these sandwiches, and they did not fail to step up with a quality product. We shared all three and enjoyed each and every bite. My favorite was the Holiday Turkey that my wife ordered. It is that mid night sandwich you sneak into the kitchen on Thanksgiving night to make when the family is asleep. We were unable to find a flaw with any of our choices. Earl of Sandwich we are new fans..  So, hands down a great choice for lunch, dinner, midnight drunken snack to absorb the alcohol you have marinated yourself in all weekend.   .  Enjoy people!!!
I was completely plastered. My fiance and ordered basically everything on the menu. This place is amazing and I am so happy to find out we have one in Cali at DTD. Totally replaced any sandwich joint I've been loving. The only complaint we have it, one of my friends got a breakfast sandwich and she was not so happy. She ate there the night before so she knew how amazing it was but the breakfast part was not the best.
If you are in Las Vegas stop by Earl of Sandwich it's one of the healthiest places too eat and very delicious. Stamp by "MrVegasVip"
Love their sandwiches.  Services has always been great.  I will keep going back.
Can I just say, you gotta get the Original 1762. Roast beef (tender, moist, delicious) + the tang of the horseradish sauce (MAN, I love horseradish) + the crunch from the toasted bread = the perfect equation for a hungry belly and somewhat dwindling wallet (when in Vegas, right?). For the price, you really can't go wrong, but Earl of Sandwich made it nearly impossible to ruin the good thing they have got going on there. . . Also made sure that I tried their soup (hey, I was hungry), and I got their chicken noodle. Yum, perfect chicken noodle. Didn't take away from the sandwich at all.. . Another must order from there is the Tuna Melt. I told my friends that it was the "super better" version of McDonald's. Scratch that, this can't even compare to McDonald's. Once again the crunch from the toasted bread made this sandwich spot on. . . I was really hoping for such thing as a takeout/delivery to Hawaii. I'd be eating these all day errday! Hoping to go back to Vegas soon, specifically for these golden sandwiches.
We went here because of the amazing reviews and we were not disappointed. While the line was long, the entire process went by quickly, from ordering at the window, moving toward the pickup area as they made the sandwiches, and waiting for the staff to call out the orders. . . So far we've only tried the Full Montagu and the Italian sandwiches. For the size it's the same as Subway but for the quality, it is worth paying a couple bucks more for the amazing flavor combinations and the fact that eating only one sandwich fills you up.. . I'm excited to try out this chain some more. Keep up the great work :D
Simply just a great place to have a sandwich at a reasonable price on the strip. The food is all good. The service is fast. Need I saw more... you just got to experience the yummy food.
One of the cheapest places to eat if you're on the strip.  Many choices with the sandwiches and they're open 24/7!  Can't beat that!  Lines can be long because the prices are good and the quality is decent.  Being in Vegas for work for over 3 weeks, you get to know Earl of Sandwich pretty well!
Best hot sandwiches I have ever had in my life, the line might be a bit long some times, but its totally worth it. Also reasonable prices for Vegas. No more than $6.50 for a sandwich. Would definitely go back when I'm back in Las Vegas.
As I was planning my trip to Las Vegas, I knew that I was going to need eat at some cheaper places. So I went on Yelp! to see what would turn up. I read the first few reviews and decided that I needed to go. . Once I found the place, I was greeted by a friendly employee handing out menus. I decided on the earl's club. OMG! It was divine. Fresh ingredients and yummy toasted bread made this sandwich heavenly. The service was quick and friendly. The next time I'm in Las Vegas, I'll be eating there for quite a few meals.
I've tried about four different sandwiches there now and they've all been fantastic. It's cheap, conveniently located, fast, and it's open 24 hours.
Beyond awesome and the $5.99 price tag makes it that much sweeter. I highly recommend the Hawaian it's definitely my favourite but to be honest everything is good here. Earl blows Subway and Quizno's out of the water.
I had ordered the Club and Chipotle Chicken Avocado , which was extremely delicious from the first bite I took! The bread had taste just perfect and there was plenty of taste to both of the sandwiches!
(Located in Planet Hollywood) . . Five years ago, I suffered from a massive hunger attack at 2pm after I awoke from stumbling in at 7am.  I remember walking to chipotle and the smell almost conjured up a puking.  If only I had a magic lamp and a genie could bring me something yummy.... . Well, the hunger gods must've heard my prayers because now, Vegas is graced with a 24 hr joint that serves quick, inexpensive deliciousness.  Hallelujah!!. . The hot sandwiches are a hit.  When you go, stop by and stuff your face with the bestest Tuna Melt you'll ever have in life!!
This place was insanely busy.  Line was out of control.  Luckily it moved very fast.  I had the Italian sandwich and it was absolutely delicious.  It was a hot sandwich on some delicious bread and I want more.  Too bad there is not one of these in Atlanta.  I would be all over it (I love me some soup and a good sandwich).  . . Anyway, these people have their service down.  It was seamless and quick.  My only tiny complaint is that the areas where you get your fountain drink is a little small and congested and needs more room, but that's a small thing to a giant.  . . The table next to me had some mac and cheese and I wanted to ask for some, but didn't because that just wouldn't have been proper.  Boy did it look cheesy and good.  I meant to go back to Earl and get some of that, but you know how Vegas has a way of usurping good intentions.  . . Anyway,5 stars for great sandwiches!
Another destination I have to visit when I'm in town.  Place always has a huge line but it's open 24 hours which is awesome too.  Pretty cheap sandwiches for a place that's on the strip.  Their wraps and salads are okay.  But the sandwiches are the ones to get.  The turkey one with the cranberry sauce is my fave.  Two thumbs up!
Delicious, this place definitely lived up to the hype. . . I've been seeing pictures and check ins of my friends going out of their way to get a sandwich from here. I understand why. . . My family and I went after we drove in so it was a bit late, but it's Vegas there is no such thing as late. We got there and ordered a few sandwiches (that we washed down with drinky poos from Fat Tuesdays around the corner). I can only speak to the Chipotle chicken avocado (~$7). SO.. gewd. Well done Earl. . . The bread was toasted and crispy on the outside, the chipotle sauce offered a creamy spicy kick to the sandwich. The avocado was rich and creamy but didn't ruin the texture the sandwich like it sometimes does. Cheese yum. Chicken yum. We'll be stopping by again. . . If my relatively conservative/frugal parents thought that the sandwich was a good deal...that's saying something. They also enjoyed people watching the drunk party goers and assorted people walking by.
After drunken nights, this was the place to be at. Sandwiches are so Good. Kept telling my friends they should come out and try this place. Sure enough they loved it as well. Great pricing too. Will Def be Coming back!
Delicious and cheap food that's on the strip. Yes people it's that good and worth it. Anyone who says that they don't understand the hype isn't ordering the right things off the menu. Don't expect fireworks to go off with your first bite (and sadly I think that's what most people are expecting who give this place anything less than 4 stars) but what I think makes this place so good is the quality of the condiments that they use. I looove me some good mustard and boy do they have good mustard. High quality fast food in vegas..what else could you possibly want?
One of my all time favorite sandwich places anywhere! Consistently great quality, quick service and delicious food. Anything on the menu is good, but the earl's original is a must-try! Oh, also they have season specials, so get them before they disappear! I also love the way the system works ... order your sandwich, then pick up any sides, desserts, drinks, etc. then pay all at once at the end. . . The Vegas location is particularly awesome because it's 24 hours! Sandwiches all day everyday!!!
This is the best sandwich place I've ever been to!  The first experience I had with Earl was the store in Anaheim and I felt in love with it ever since. I've heard many friends recommended the Vegas store so thought I will stop by for a try.  The Vegas Earl in Planet Hollywood taste so much better than the Anaheim store.  The bread was not as hard as the one in Anaheim so that's definitely a plus!. . It's so good that me and my husband ordered 2 sandwiches to go for our trip back to LA. Seriously, it's that good!  You gotta try it to believe it!  Recommend The Original an The Full Montagu sandwich.
Excellent Tuna Melt! Really enjoyed it even though my stomach was acting up and I didn't have a big appetite. I ate the first half there and saved the other half for later. The other half still tasted very good 3 hours later without even being heated up (as our hotel room didn't have a microwave).. . Great place to eat on the strip for a decent price.
Great sandwiches! Lively atmosphere!. Nicely priced. Open 24/7. . What's not to love?. . (May 2012)
When I was researching for places to eat in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich was nowhere on my to go places.  My thought was, I flew hundred of miles to Vegas and a sandwich is not exactly glamorous or fancy!  We stayed at the Cosmopolitan and so Planet Hollywood is literally right across the street.  It was 3 am one night and my boyfriend was hungry, so I thought hey why not?? It's close by and it's open 24/7.. . I got the tuna melt and my boyfriend got the Original.  IT WAS AMAZING.  Seriously.  I know it's just a sandwich but it was seriously the most delicious sandwich I've ever had in my life.  The bread and temperature was right on point.  And if you factor in the ridiculous cheap price to get this piece of heaven, no wonder why this is ranked #1 on Yelp for Vegas! So glad the fat girl and boy in us were craving for food at 3 am and had Earl of Sandwich introduced into our lives.  . . My boyfriend made me walked back here 3 times to get more sandwiches.  Mind you, we were in Vegas for only 3 days.  We both love the Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich the most.
Great place for an amazing price.
I have been wanting to eat Earl of Sandwich for a while since people are always raving about how great these sandwiches are!. . My friend ordered the meatball sandwich & I ordered the chipotle chicken....The bread was toasty on the outside and soft on the inside. They were both delicious- mine was better though ;-). . Located inside of Planet Hollywood and there was a bit of a line, but definitely a must-try!
Wanted to try this place without waiting in line for 3 hours in downtown disney. so we stopped by while in vegas! Shared the full montagu, the original, caprese and Italian. Omg... So good, the bread was perfect! Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside! Also had the tomato soup which was really good as well! Went on a Monday, noon time, and wasnt a long wait. This is definitely a must have if ur in Vegas :)
wow. I am so glad that one opened up in Anaheim because I usually trek all the way to Vegas for this hot deliciousness wrapped up in 2 pieces of bread. I highly reccomend the Holiday turkey. It has stuffing, cranberry sauce, turkey and gravy allll in one sandwich. Taste bud explosion. The tuna is amazing !! Cold tuna, spread on 2 puffy pieces of bread and cheese melted to perfection. Spicy Italian, just like that all warm spicy meats sandwiched between 2 toasty buns !! I also have 1/2 a salad the Cobb is perfect. Cranberries, chunks of chicken, nuts, onions and ranch tossed in between crisp salad leaves. I love it here !
Whats more to say about this that has not been already written by other people. If you haven't been here, you must try it. They do hot sandwiches right!
This place is pretty dang awesome at 4 in the morning... the tomato soup is THE Dish.  Also, the Italian is quite satisfying... definitely soaks up all the alcohol.  . . When in Vegas, this is a great filling station.. The price is right too..
When I stayed at Planet Hollywood a few weeks ago, I often dined here. Their sandwiches are the best I have ever had. You can tell how popular it is by the long, long lines that this place has. You can see the employees make your sandwiches are They give you a buzzer to let you know when your order is ready to be picked up at the counter. . . I've tried the Earl's Club, Chicken Chipotle Avocado, and the Chicken Bacon Avocado Wrap. My favorite is the Earl's Club (it's displayed on the huge board above the area where you place your order). They have salads, wraps, soups, side items (pasta salad, potato salad, chips, etc), and hot and cold sandwiches. I'd say stick with the hot sandwiches because you won't be able to get sandwiches like these. They wrapped them up in a paper foil that keeps it hot and warm for a long time. The sandwiches are so big that I always have to save the other half for later. . . What's another great perk about this place? There's FREE WIFI!. . I can't wait to come back to Las Vegas. I will definitely frequent it whenever I'm in town.
Sandwich was amazing.. the line was long but, YUM. I will totally be back for more
Earl of Sandwich is one of the "it spots" of Las Vegas - and I can definitely understand the hype. For about $6-7 dollars, you get a delicious sandwich that will fill your tummy quite well before you start drinking the booze!. . - Tuna Melt: I'm not a big fan of tuna sandwiches, but oh goodness, this sandwich was just melt-in-your-mouth delicious! Just make sure you have gum so you won't smell too fishy afterwards!. - Chipotle Chicken Avocado: I'm a big fan of chicken and avocado, so this was pretty much perfect. There was a good amount of sauce so the chipotle flavor wasn't too overpowering.. - The Earl's Club: turkey, bacon, swiss, lettuce and tomato. Basic sandwich, but tastes great!. . There's always a line (and a pretty long one at that), but the line does move pretty fast. If you can't get a table, at least it's easy to carry back to your hotel room! Sandwiches here are also a great for drunchies! ;)
No Vegas trip is complete without a semidrunken trip into one of the most scrumptious and always inviting sandwich spot that is Earl's. . . Between the bf and myself, we always get three sandwiches and a bowl of soup because after a long day of walking and losing, nothing says "you're still a winner in my book" like a hot tomato soup and a delicious chicken avacado. . . Friendly, quick, and affordable by Vegas standards. Grab a beer at ABCs a few stores down and you're all set for another day about town.
This place was a must go for me during our December 2012 trip to Vegas. We were starving when we landed in Vegas after 9 pm. So earl of sandwich was the natural choice. Situated inside planet Hollywood, this was the only place alive at midnight inside Ph. It was difficult to find a table even at midnight. . . We both loved the sandwiches and soups! My husband had the jerk chicken which he enjoyed a lot.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  The line is ALWAYS crazy long --- but worth the wait!  And while you are waiting, you are inside the casino or the mall, so at least you are not standing outside in the rain/heat. :)  Hands down the best sandwich place in Vegas.
Always delicious! Always satisfying! And DAMN CHEAP.. . My girls and I alwaaays come here for lunch at some point during our Vegas trips, it's become our staple sandwich stop. I always go for the Caprese sandwich there (I'm a veggie gal) and ahhh so so yummy! The bread is perfectly toasted and yet soft at the same time, and as all caprese creations taste well together, Earl's somehow just does it better! And the portion size is just right for me. Keeps me full and satisfied!. . Good for your wallet and tummy.
this place is the bomb!. . the sandwiches are so good.. prices are reasonable.  . . you have to wait in line and after ordering, but not too long.  . . they're open 24/7. how convenient is that? . . whenever i'm at planet hollywood and i get hungry, this is my joint.
Wow. Waited in a super long line for a really short time. Really fast service which was surprising because the sandwiches were delicious. Come here and order any of the hot sandwiches. You'll be happy you did.
Had their chipotle avocado chicken sandwich and it was delicious! Best part of this place was that they are open 24/7 ( said one of the waitress at the casino). The place is located right outside a club too. So when your done clubbing you can just stroll right over and get some good food.
Earl of Sandwich is the reason why I stay at Planet Hollywood when I am in Vegas! It is the best place ever!!! My trip out to Vegas, I always have to get at least ONE sandwich here. My usual is the Earl's Club add pineapple and side BBQ sauce! Discovered the Tuna Melt and it is seriously the best Tuna Melt ever!. . There is always a long ass line! But I always call in ahead for pick up. I'm not about that life to wait in line, no thanks! But yes Earl of Sandwich is the best always will be a tradition for me to get a sandwich from them when i'm in Vegas!
I'm in love with their sandwiches, and will definitely be back next time. I had the Earl's club sandwich, but my friend's chipotle chicken & avocado was just as good! The bread is perfectly crisp and toasted, and I think is the thing that makes the sandwich taste that much better!! For $6-7, a very inexpensive meal choice in Vegas, you really can't go wrong.. . I've heard alot of hype about this place, and yes that wait in line IS worth it. Walked 15 minutes just to get to Planet Hollywood, where it's at. Once you enter into the entrance as you see Sephora, you walk all the way until you see ' YOLO's' restaurant. It should be on the left of that. Open 24/7!
I ALWAYS swing by this place when I get to Vegas. The bread hits the spot!. . Ya ya, i'll go to the Wynn buffet or whatever, but after a long night, I got to have my Sandwich from here!. . If you love Sandwiches, you'll love this. You'll also be surprised with the value, being right in the middle of the strip!
Great place for a quick hot Sub. Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Actually ate there three times on our trip.... Now every time we eat a sandwich, we complain... "it's no earl of sandwich..."
After eating at Carnevino, I said "I would have rather had Earl of Sandwich" and that was not referring to the fraction of the price it would have been.. . The Hawaiian sandwich, drink, and a Ghiradelli Brownie Ice Cream Sandwich may be the best meal for under $15 anywhere.  Had this 5+ times and every time I do, it pisses me off there is not a Earl of Sandwich in Seattle.....
A must every Vegas visit..The TUNA MELT is to die for! . And If your not in the mood for that, try the MEATBALL or The HAWAIIAN BBQ!
This place is amazing! Great food, low prices and a short wait that doesn't jeopardize the quality of the product. A must if you're near by.
I love love love this place. I have tried it before, never knew where it was until last weekend.. . It's open 24 hours and most of the sandwiches are almost $7. The great thing is.. it's worth paying for it!. . Will go again!
Best Hot sandwich in the world!!!
I love the OG sammich! love, love, love!
Love this place, we stop in every time we're in town..  The highlight is that you get a great sandwich for $7 which is a bargain on the strip
I managed to convince a friend group of foodies to eat here while in Vegas. 3 times that trip. whoooooo Favs are the Holiday Turkey, Chipotle Chicken Avocado,  and the Original. Also a fan of their tomato soup, which tastes just like Campbells so it's kinda a nostalgic flavor
Even though there is an Earl of Sandwich nearby at Downtown Disney, I make it a point to only eat this at Vegas.  It's the perfect thing to have after a night of shenanigans.  I had the Full Montagu and Earl's Club during my stay at Vegas.  The Earl's Club is definitely the winner here.  It's delicious bacon goodness!
Just get one, I have had all of the sandwiches and they are all heaven!! My fav, jerk chicken, mmmm !!!
Wow! It's hard to explain. These guys do sandwiches right! I got the turkey club, and man was it good. Now, don't go expecting 5-star restaurant food, they are just sandwiches... but seriously seriously good sandwiches.. . Bread taste buttery fresh and great bread to filling ratio, with delicious options. What more can you ask for?
I wish I could give it 6 stars. Seriously best sandwiches you will ever eat! Try it !
Over 3 thousand reviews and almost 5 stars. WOW. . My boyfriend and I had to get our Earl fix this weekend, so we ended up ordering 4 sandwiches, mac and cheese, potato salad, a cookie and a brownie filled with peanut butter. Did I mention this was all in 1 sitting? AAAHH!!. . We got the Holiday Sandwich, the Italian, the Pastrami and Full Montague. We definitely liked the Holiday the best. SO MUCH FLAVOR!!!!. All the other sandwiches deserve a shout out just as much as the Holiday, but I'm sure they have been described many times by many people so I'll just stick with one.. . Do I need to get into details about the mac and cheese and potato salad? They were both fantastic! Definitely worth ordering again, and again.....and again.. . We were so stuffed, we didn't get to try the dessert :( so I guess we will have to get that once again on our next trip to either Vegas or Disneyland.
I finally had the chance to try out Earl's and I was very happy that I did!! I know it just a little place that have sandwiches, soups & wraps, but everything is Hot and made to order and the bread that they use is so fresh and soft on the inside with a toasted crunch on the outside. I had the holiday sandwich with turkey, stuffing & cranberry sauce and that was awesome!!! Hubby had the club sandwich and he loved his also. I can't believe I never stopped in before to grab one of these delish sammy on all my other trips in Vegas, but I will now. Very reasonable for Vegas prices.. . Also, the employee's here had smiles on their faces and were very fast & friendly and thats always a plus! Yelper's are right about this joint, try it out.
My husband and I tried this place right before we left Vegas. All I can say is YUM O!. Definitely will return to eat here.
We had to hit this place up before we left Vegas. We had heard all weekend that their sandwiches were the best ever eaten...enough said. . . This one is in the Miracle Mile and is open 24hrs. It's hard to recommend a good time because it always looked like the line was long. We went Monday morning a little before 10 and amazingly the line was short - maybe 3 people ahead of us. Usually it's wrapped around the corner.. . My hubby had the Jerk Chicken and I had the Earl Club. I didn't ask him too many questions because I was too busy stuffin' my face. . . The bread they used was amazing. From the looks of it I thought it would be harder but it wasn't. The bread melts in your mouth and is perfect. If I could order just the fresh bread I would. Delish!. . The sandwich was perfect and like I said the bread was amazing. I recommend and will definitely come back again.
Would you believe my family and I spent $15 on a cab ride just to eat a $7 sammie? We decided we had to hit Burgr also just to make the trip "worth" it, but I can tell you, the All American itself accomplished that. . . The eating environment leaves something to be desired, but the execution of the American was perfect: a nice blend of savory turkey, melted cheese, fresh lettuce and tomatoes, with an added dimension of sweetness, thanks to the cranberries. The ingredients are neatly arranged without the bread getting soggy or the flavors ever getting lost. How do they do it? . . I don't think the concept of a hot sandwich is that novel (I literally never eat cold sandwiches, but that could be because I'm Asian?), and so the 5-star rating I'm giving surprises even myself. But then I remembered, this place is open 24/7. And it's cheap. And it's in Vegas. Even if you factor in cab fare, the Earl earns every star.
Love their hot sandwiches here! This place is located in planet Hollywood close to one of the north/west exterior entry doors.
Sandwich? I was like "uh sandwich? why?" and then i took a bite of my Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich and i could hear the chorus of angels all around me and i looked up with eyes that have just understood what you can't understand and I was like "sandwich. i know why now." Must go every time I stop by Vegas. The line gets long and the sandwiches are perfect for lunch. Just what I needed
A BLT at 2am is the most amazing thing ever.
best. sandwiches. ever. after a few beers, this place hits the spot. it was the only place open at 4am and was packed but you cannot rush perfection. lol
Best sandwich ive ever had!! The BLT was heavenly!
The Tuna Melt sandwich is heavenly! I'm not a big sandwich fan, let alone a warm sandwich; but I don't know what Earl puts in his sandwiches but they are AMAZING! . The bread is so fluffy and light, which I'm grateful for because I'm not a big bread fan, if I have to eat a sandwich, it will usually be wrapped in lettuce or I'll just strip it naked! . The blend of tuna and cheese is delicious; the entire sandwich fits well together. . My bf got the Salami or something like that but he loved it! . I also tried their Tomato Basil soup and Chicken Tortilla soup; and both are really tastey! . If you're a big soup fan like I am, I definitely recommend complimenting your sandwich with a soup. . . The first time I had Earl of Sandwich was in Anaheim in Downtown Disney, but for some reason, I didn't remember if I liked it or not. This location in Vegas however, left me craving for more my entire trip! I wish we had gotten more. . . All and all, I highly recommend trying Earl of Sandwich.
Wow this place is sooo amazing. Well at the time I ate it, I was blown. away. Full montague and the original makes a good lunch! (Not the hugest of sandwiches, unfortunately.) Had the carribean jerk flavored one which I also enjoyed ahhh warm bread.. . Not a fan of the lines though.
Husband & I split a ham n' swiss one night (actually more like early morning). It was so good! The cheese was nice & melty, mustard was evenly distributed, and the bread was nicely toasted. The best part was they were open late night.
What can I say? This place is self-explanatory once you've had a bit of their delicious sandwiches. I always get the Montague and recently tried the Hawaian and that is AHHHmazing! lol.. . . Open 24 hours so you can get those shiny little gold bricks anytime!
So Delicious!!!!!!!! Sandwhich was even good when we drove home from Vegas and the next day drove to Yosemite! Such a good treat on the road. You really need to try this place. The food is always cooked to perfection! Always!
Earl of Sandwich is a or eat place to catch a sub at anytime of the day. It's in Planet Hollywood so it's right in the middle. The sandwiches are fair price but the sandwiches have a lot of flavor. The lines can get get long but they go fast and they also serve you fast as well. The warm delicious sandwiches that they serve up here is one of the best things you can grab in Vegas when your drunk out your mind or just hungry. . The bread here is very very very Good!. . P.S if you head here around midnight they stop service for about 15 minutes to restart the registers. . . This also near Fat Tuesday
Excellent sandwiches. The place is always busy and it makes sense why. I always eat here when in Vegas.
Was there last week on vacations and went to this place twice!! Loved it!!! Carribean jerk chicken sandwich is so good! . Never had a hot sandwich like that elsewhere!
My favorite sandwich spot. I get the earl club, unsweetened lemonade, and a brownie. It's official. Nuff said. jk I've tried their tuna salad not bad either.
tasty hot sandwiches. prices are cheap considering its on the strip. i wish they honey mustard on the table instead of grey poupon.
Love it! The tuna melt is delicious.
Giving this place a 5 stars because I really like the "Holiday" sandwich.  It came with cranberry jam that is so delicious!  Also the bread is soft and the meat is not overly flavored or salty.  . . Be prepare to wait a while for your order to be ready.  We had to wait about 30 minutes before we got our.  But while you wait you can walk around and take a look around or even play the slot machines because they give you this beeper device thing that will go off once your order is ready.
One of my favorite places to eat at while in Vegas! I'm seriously going to stay at the PH next time I'm in town just for these sandwiches. No joke. . . Besides the fact that this place stays open 24/7 (which I know is not uncommon in Vegas) they always hit the spot. Doesn't matter if its 5am after the club or 2pm for lunch. This last trip to Vegas I think we ate here for almost every meal and I never got sick of it. I'll break down the sandwiches I got. . . Earls Club - this one is my personal favorite. It sounds basic but everything in it just works so well together and it was refreshing and juicy compared to the others. After a harsh night or partying this one was a nice pick-me-up. . . The Original - this one had roast beef and like a horse radish cream sauce. This was pretty good but could have used a little more of the horse radish sauce as it got a little dry towards the end but the roast beef was cooked perfectly. . . Holiday Turkey - this one is seasonal I believe but I wish it was year round. This one was amazing! I love making left over turkey sandwiches after Thanksgiving and this one was almost spot on but with better bread then I use (their bread is fresh baked and the perfect blend of soft yet sturdy). . . Cannonballs - this is their meatball sandwich and this was awesome as well. It just works perfectly with their fresh baked bread and the sauce they use is legit. . . Caribbean Jerk Chicken - my friend loved this one and got it several times. We even stopped on the way to parking garage just to handle the craving for the road. I didn't try it but he raved on and on about it and I plan on trying it next. Maybe the Anaheim location? . . Their desserts are also pretty good. We got the red velvet cupcake and the brownie bites. . . Check this spot out! Even if the line looks long don't be scared, it moves pretty quick and the workers were very friendly too. I wish they had more locations in So Cal.
Everytime I'm in Las Vegas, I hit Earl of Sandwich.  Always a great sandwich.  I like the Full Montague best.  They're open 24 hours which is always a good thing in Vegas.  Best thing is that it's very cheap for food on the strip.  Try it out.
we found this place while wandering on the strip (of course using yelp!!).. only one size sandwitches. but oh-my-god!!!. the sandwitches are to die for...i think one of the best randomly discovered placez everrr!!!
Always a sandwich GO TO!! located in the miracle mile shops.. right next to a casino, perfect ;)!!
Looking for a quick cheap bite of food right on the strip? Well look no further than the Earl of Sandwich at PH - it is worthy of the title Earl of Sandwich for a reason. . . The location is in the rear of PH near the mall area and generally has a steady line throughout most of the lunch and evening dinner rush. . . My first visit I had the BLT and was pleasantly surprised by flavors of just those basic fresh ingredients. The bacon was generously diced up and tied together on their signature bun so well we came back the next day. I then tried there Holliday sandwich at the recommendation of my friends, though it is not the same as Capriotti's I was slightly nervous ordering it here. IT IS SIMPLY AMAZING. The simple flavors of thinly cut turkey, cranberry, and stuffing come together so well on this sandwich I  wish there were more locations throughout the U.S. The house brand chips pair very well with any sandwich you order - my personal favorite was the sea salt and vinegar.. . There is a selection of teas, soda's, and beer offered at this location with prices on par with other locations in the area.. . 5 stars - you have to check this out, it's worth your time.
Its greaat.  Way better then subway!!
I had the holiday turkey sandwich today and it was amazing!! Turkey dinner on a roll! The husband got the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich and loved that too. We will Definately be back! And for less than 7 bucks a sandwich it is probably one of the cheapest and healthiest items on the strip!
I wasn't sure what to expect from this place after realizing it's inside of a mall, yet the thousands of Yelpers did not let me down. Earl of Sandwich has a large selection of hot sandwiches at very reasonable prices compared to other places on the strip. Most of the entrees are $7, and you can get out with a fountain drink and chips for about $10 total. . . I ordered the Caprese sandwich and I would definitely recommend it for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. The fresh mozzarella was delicious and creamy, the bread was nicely toasted, and even the balsamic was good. The tomatoes were a little flavorless, but this isn't the season for fresh tomatoes anyway.. . I'll definitely try to make a second trip out here before I leave to try another one of their sandwiches. There are other good restaurants in Vegas, but none of them come close to the bang for your buck that Earl offers.
This change what I think of Sandwich
Found this inside the Miracle Mile shops next to Planet Hollywood. Simply put the best meatball sub I've ever had. The bread was crisp outside, soft inside. Most places drown it in marinara making for a soggy sandwich.  There was the perfect amount. The meatballs were tender and tasty.  The cheese was gooey but not greasy. Awesome sandwich! It was crowded on a Saturday night but seating wasn't a problem. I got a pager to let me know when it would be ready and that only took a few minutes. If I'm in Vegas again I'll visit for sure.
I had the best tuna melt I have ever had in my entire life last week at Earl of Sandwich.  I wish I would have had time to go back and try another sandwich (the Thanksgiving one, perhaps?!).  It seems like there is usually a bit of a wait for your sandwich - I waited about 20 minutes.  BUT... it was 100%, completely, totally worth it.  Every bite was like magic in my mouth.
Used to live right next to the location by Veer Tower at Planet Hollywood.  This place is the stone cold nuts / the bomb.   Love everything i've tried there.  Only way it could be better is if the sandwiches were a little bigger for the $ charged.
This establishment is as advertised!   It provides outstanding quality regardless of price.   What is interesting to observe is their prices are substantially lower than anyone else that offers quality on the Las Vegas strip.  Kudos
Love it~ Should be on your list of must eat places on the strip. Decent prices and long hours.
Had their breakfast sandwich....really yummy!!!! Breakfast BLT add egg n a lil Dijon.....bomb!!!!!! A must try....
Now open 24hrs!!!. . I like it when I'm sober and even better when I'm drunk! Located in Planet Hollywood, I am so in love with this place! I wish there was a sandwich joint like this in the Bay Area. I love the Full Montagu and the classic Earl. The BLT is a classic that can't go wrong. For a good $10 with chips and a soda, you can definitely share if you aren't too hungry. I come here at least 3-4 times during my stay in Vegas. I can't wait to go back.
Great sandwich shop located in the mall by planet Hollywood. I had the chipotle avocado  chicken sandwich and it was great. The price was decent compared to other stops in the area. If you want a good sandwich without killing your wallet then don't miss out on the earl.
I absolutely love the sandwiches here!!!  I wouldn't have known about it if my awesome Yelp Elite friend Shanon Y didn't alert me of this awesome place when we met up in Vegas.  Next to PF Chang's, this sandwich shop is definitely the Earl of sandwiches.  The bread is warm, chewy, perfect in texture and they have a variety of choices!. . Per Shanon's suggestions, we got the original (roast beef) and chipotle avocado chicken.  At $6.49 a piece, you can't beat the price and the quality of the sandwiches here!  We actually went back later and got a salad but it was nothing special.  More like the kind of you get in grocery stores when the lettuce is very dry and tasteless, so avoid the salads.. . We went back again before our flight took off and got the Holiday Turkey and Tuna Melt to take with us on the plane as our evening meal.  Even though they cooled down by the time we boarded, both were still unbelievably tasty!  . . If you are on the Vegas strip and looking for a cheap meal that still tastes good, come here!  They have lots of seating available and open 24 hours!  The only thing is that I wish they offered a vegan option, I think that would make me give them a million stars!
Every time I'm in Vegas I make it a point to come here. They have the best sandwiches without breaking the bank. Love the Cannonballs sandwich & the tuna melt.
Best sandwich spot IMHO.  Trumps Quiznos, Togo, Subway.  Wish there was one in the Bay Area!
Turkey with stuffing and cranberries is awesome! One of the few restaurants on the strip that is a good value. Pleasantly surprised.
excellent afterhours, late-night spot. soups, sandwiches, salads, & desserts are also excellent.
Awesome every time.  Just get in line and get a sammich.  Trust me..
Great on the go sandwiches! A little on the pricey side but that's expected for a casino deli.
Love love love Earl's! I've been here sober, drunk, and hungover and their sandwiches are still just as tasty. At about $6 a sandwich, it's definitely a good deal. They actually have great breakfast sandwiches too for about $3 or $4.. . My favorites are the Full Montague and the Chipotle Chicken with Avocado. With any sandwich, the bread is super important and it seems that Earl's does that just right.. . I come here almost every night of going out in Vegas, and I never get tired of it.
I  love this place and their free water cups :) Always stop by after work!
I seriously get a sandwich from Earl's everytime I'm in Vegas! I've tried a lot of their sandwiches and have been extremely satisfied with them all. But I must say.. Their Holiday Turkey Sandwich is amazing! I wish they had it all year long not just during the holidays! Its a must try.
my favorite sandwich place by far! The roast beef is on point. I wish they had more locations. SO GOOD! This location was open late at night (2am). i was sooo happy!
I'm Addicted to Earl of Sandwich! Love there Chipotle Chicken Sandwich. The quality is always there and they have a great variety as well. Prices are reasonable. Idk if they change the prices based on there location here in Vegas due to it being in a Vegas strip hotel or in a more local community location. . . A must stop for a food craving.
soo good warms the tummy
This place is one of my favorite things about Vegas!! It's open 24 hours which makes it even better! I've had a few different sandwiches, and each one has been good! The line can get long, but they're pretty quick.
Tips:. . Chicken Avocado sandwich is my favorite. Full Montague comes 2nd.. Open 24 hours. . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . The sandwiches here are AMAZING whether you're drunk or sober. I don't know how they make it taste so good or it might just be my imagination since I only get a Earl of Sandwich a couple times a year. Either way I highly recommend making a stop here if you're in Las Vegas.. . My absolute favorite is the Chicken Avocado sandwich, it's perfectly warm, chewy, and saucy.  The Full Montague is not bad as well if you're not feeling in a chicken mood.. . One critique: I wouldn't recommend getting the broccoli cheddar soup, in my opinion it was a bit too salty for my taste.. . This place is open 24 hours which makes it a great late-night snack.The line can get pretty long at peak times, but I promise it's worth the wait.
Excellent hot sandwich. Cheap price too. I ordered the full montagu and I would order again. My husband for the original 1762 and it was also good. I liked the full montagu better because it had a greater variety of flavor that blended so well together. Fast too.
It's already obvious that Earl of Sandwich needs no further reviews, but I'm here to stand by the 3,000+ Yelpers who absolutely love this place!. . My personal favorite is the FULL MONTAGU followed by the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. No need to get all fancy with this review... But all you need to know if your a Vegas visitor is that you have to check this place out.. . BOMB SANDWICHES. FAST SERVICE. AVAILABLE 24/7. SUPER CHEAP.. . If Yelp offered a 6th star, I definitely would rate Earl's with 6 stars. Better yet, if Earl franchised everywhere, Subway would be going down--BOOM!!
Are you in line right now asking your hungover or tipsy bff, "What are you getting? What should I get?" . . Let me make your happy life even easier - get the Full Montague. . . There are enough reviews about the sammiches so I'll talk about their new salad menu - tis' awesome!!!. . I highly recommend picking up a salad with your sammich- your immune system needs some freshly tossed greensand protein so you young souls can twerk/untz even harder this weekend. . . I've tried the Berry, Chicken and Almond salad cus I was looking for something tangy and refreshing and it was delicious. Go for the Earl's Cobb salad if you're feeling savory - there's bacon in there, life's always better with bacon.. . I also like to layer some of the leafy greens into my sandwich - makes everything that much more refreshing, especially if you're here for lunch. The fresh crisp texture of the greens adds awesome to the already awesome sammich.. . You should also consider ordering a second sammich to-go. Tastes great even when cold and it makes the best bedding for your tummy before your crazy adventure time. The nights when you have absolutely no time to grab a bite because you're on a guest list and your promoter says you gotta be in line by 8:30pm sharp.. . Have an awesome adventure time and cheers!
If you ever come to Vegas, and not "getting any". You can find your orgasm here!. . Sooo juicy and delicious. Some of my favorite are:. . - The original: Very meaty and spicy. - The Chicken Avocado Chipotle: The avocado is super fresh.. - The Cannon Ball: the meatball is extremely good. I am not a big fan of having veggie inside the meatballs so this is perfect. Just 100% meat.
Recently discovered this spot and WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN THOUGH ALL OF MY DRUNK VEGAS TRIPS!!!. . Usually We go to MGM food court (even if we're not staying at MGM...somehow we always wind up there) and eat pizza. Lots of Pizza. The whole time we are there we're eating nothing but pizza.. . BUT NOT ANYMORE!. . Earls!*que heavenly music*. . The line is relatively long yes. But its Vegas. There's always a line. And if you're drunk, and you should be since it is Las Vegas, the 30min wait will seem like 3min.. . I always get the Caprese. Its a mouth-gasm. Is that even a word? its cheesy mozzarella cheesy goodness all up in my mouth. I'm not a vegetarian but I have a thing for cheese. The vinaigrette was tangy and tomatoes delicious. Ugh. . . The boyfriend got the Chicken Avocado Chipotle. That was good too. Not that I got more then a little bite, He hoarded the sandwich with his life.. . So in conclusion. Through the drunk days and nights if you want a delicious sandwich at a affordable price, go to Earls :D
We wanted to come here for lunch but the line was long so we said forget it!  Later one we were hungry and couldn't find the McDonalds so we saw that the line here was short (as in one person ahead of us).  Now we know why this place was packed!  It's pretty damn amazing! . . I ordered the turkey dinner sandwich... sweet jeebus was that one freaking amazing sandwich!  Turkey, gravy, stuffing and cranberries!  I was a bit leery about the cranberries since I don't normally eat them but wow, it was fantastic as part of the sandwich.  I would definitely have waited to order that!  I also got the mac and cheese and that is as good as a mac and cheese can get!  It was hot and just so tasty.  My friends couldn't stop eating it... . . When I'm in Vegas again I would definitely check this place out.   It is so worth it!
Best hangover sandwich. Hot, fresh, and fast (or at least you can gamble while you wait) . Thank you Planet Hollywood!
You can never go wrong with Earls! . . It's open 24 hours- Yes, that means you can come here and get your drunchies on ;). . Hot sandwiches- And there are plenty different ones to choose from! (My go-to is the earls club). . Located in Planet Hollywood- Aka there is also a Fat Tuesdays around and PH is in the middle of the strip. Accessible to everyone! There is usually a line but it moves quick and the sandwiches are ready quick too! . . AND THEIR INEXPENSIVE!. . You win Earl of Sandwich, you win.
This is my to go spot in vegas when I am hungry at late night.. it open 24 hrs and price is super reasonable. Under $7 for hot sub.. my favorite is full motague.. yumm
This is a must stop when in vegas. Open 24 hrs and usually not much of a wait. We have been there many times. The meatball is killer, although every sandwich is great. The bread is perfectly toasted, with a light crunch on the exterior. Bonus... It's cheap
OMG this place is beyond the fabulous of the stars!!! Seriously! Words cannot explain the awesome goodness that comes out of this place. Actually, I guess I should say the line speaks for itself. Don't let the line discourage you, it's actually not too bad. But the sandwiches are oh so yummy!!. . Actually, the first time I had a sandwich from here, I wasn't actually there. I had just landed in Vegas and went and partied up a bit and went back to my room at the Elara. My partner was hungry and told me that they would be back. I was like what is open at this time of night. Are you gonna catch a cab? Wait, they said. No sooner had I removed my makeup and dressed into the comfy clothes, back they were with the sandwiches. It was still warm. I bit into it and was in heaven. Or as close as I could get to heaven while being in Las Vegas! At the time, I attributed the satisfaction to all day travel and some great drank. Boy, was I wrong.. . Couple of days later, the partner wanted to place some bets at the sports book and asked if I wanted to grab some sandwiches to watch the game. I said sure, so I stood in line and got the sandwiches while they placed the bets. When we got settled back in the room, I took a bite of my sandwich and was so wowed! So they are as good when I'm sober AND drunk! That happens rarely, so I was just awed!!. . When we finally had to leave Las Vegas for home, we grabbed some sandwiches to eat while we wait for security at the airport. So convenient that this place is in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. Makes going home a little bit more bearable. Ok, that's a lie, but the sandwiches are very tasty and easy to eat with all your luggage your lugging around.. . I would like to say I've tried most of the sandwiches. And so far, every time we've stayed at the Elara http://www.yelp.com/biz/elara-a-hilton-grand-vacations-hotel-las-vegas#hrid:NPjBgidFouwIPjezynmpgg we've gotten sandwiches from here and they've all been yummers. I definitely recommend Earl of Sandwich!!
This place is the definition of awesome. A place that is open 24 hrs and serves great food is very rare these days but earl of sandwich exceeds expectations. Hot sandwiches wraps and salads at affordable prices, and you even have the option to call ahead and order which I recommend considering the line tends to get a bit long. If you are in the mood for something quick to eat that will get you energized at ready to go I would urge you to go to earl of sandwich. Overall great service, awesome signature wraps and sandwiches definitely worth a trip to planet Hollywood for.
Such a convenient location if you are staying at Cosmo, Aria or Paris. Quick satisfaction. Earl never disappoint me :)
holiday turkey. chipotle chicken and full montagu !!!. . Went to vegas this past weekend and went every day I was there.. . Those are definitely some must-try's on the menu. I also got a side of mac and cheese which was also bomb dot com hehe. Can't wait to be back for some drunchies in two weeks! :D. . Holiday Turkey is their special thanksgiving time one and it was so good. I thought cranberry and stuffing in a sandwich would be weird. FALSE! it is delicious. It is literally a thanksgiving meal in sandwich form. Stuffing, gravy, turkey and cranberry sauce. GENIUS.. . The chipotle chicken is a little spicy with avocado and bacon pieces I think. (I don't know I was eating it in the dark tbh LOL ) but it was good. probably my least favorite one, but all my friends say its their favorite.. . Full montagu. its the creamy sandwich that you've been looking for. I think its ham or pastrami or something. suuuuper good since I love cheesy dairy things. :3
Best frickin' sandwich ever!  The original is stuffed full of roast beef in between two fresh kaiser type rolls....and the hot sandwich is wrapped up in foil like a Cuban cigar.  This place puts subway to shame.  And inexpensive to boot.  You will not be disappointed. Go!
Love love love Earl's bread and what's inside them. I have been coming to Earl's for years now because of my friend Ria F., but I recently ate their best sandwich. I have tried the tuna, Caribbean jerk, Hawaiian, the Full Montague and the Original. They're all good and I recommend all of them depending on what your preference is will determine which is your favorite, but on my last visit I had the original and it literally knocked my socks off! It's crazy how a sandwich consisting of only roast beef, cheddar and horseradish sauce practically changed my life. For 1 roast beef is my favorite sandwich meat, not to mention the slices Earl's uses is pretty thick. I was surprised because it was almost like they had cut it with a knife, thick enough that you could tell the meat was rare. I also love horseradish sauce, but theirs isn't overpowering the beef/sandwich. The cheddar was very minimal, which is just how I like it since I am not a huge fan of cheese. I will probably be ordering the Original from now on, thank you! . . P.S. I prefer the this location (the grand daddy) vs. the Palms one for some reason. As mentioned in another review, there is just something missing at the other one.
If  you come to Vegas and are around Planet Hollywood, you have to check this place out!  Sandwiches are b/w $6-7 and are the most tastiest I've ever had.  I ordered the jerk chicken and the tuna melt thinking I was going to save one for later.  The jerk chicken was so good that I ended up eating the tuna melt @ the same time !  Seriously, the bread is that fresh!  and overall the sandwiches are that good , you can't go wrong w/ any of the choices here .  This is a must cheap eat in Vegas !
Does this place even need another review?. . -open 24/7. -above average, cheesy, ooey, gooey sandwiches . -located in the miracle mile shops.  Right outside of Planet Hollywood. -under $10 for a satisfying meal. -fast service
Best subs, period! Although it is almost always busy (even when I go at night), it is worth the wait. Affordable and fast service as well!
They have an earl's in downtown disney and have never tried them out. Finally, after a drunken night at marqee, I got a club sandwich and the mac n cheese.. . When we arrived the line was wrapped around along the restaurant but seemed to go by fast since I was pretty intoxicated.. . These sandwiches are pretty darn cheap and REALLY good! It took awhile for the food to be done but it was well worth the wait. The sandwich was warm enough for the cheese to be ooey gooey and the bread was perfectly toasted that added that extra texture of crunch!. . For the price, you would think they would use cheap ingredients that you would find at fast food chains, but they didnt! The bacon was thick, they gave plenty of meat, the cheese was not your average american and the bread just held it all together.. . As for the mac n cheese...I know I shouldn't have expected much since they are a sandwich place, but I take mac n cheese VERY serious, and theirs was just alright. I would pass on it next time I go there.. . There was plenty of seating available, which was especially perfect since it seemed like everyone and their mother was waiting in line for their delicious sandwiches!. . This is a must try if you're in Vegas!
This place is straight up the best sandwich place you'll ever go. Theres one in vegas and one at downtown disney and theyre both ridiculously amazing. GOOOOO! What are you waiting for. Go now, right now just do it. Its the best. There is nothing on the menu you can go wrong with, unless your allergic to something and lets be honest, havent you lived long enough already?
The bread, oh the bread. Warm and slightly moist, soft and doughy on the inside, with a slight crispiness on the outside (but not so crispy that its hard to bite through). This was definitely the high point of my eating experience here. . . All of the ingredients in my completely custom, made to order, avocado-swiss-tomato-mayo sandwich were fresh and delicious. . . And on top of this, the food was cheap (~$5) and it was open at 2 am.. . What's there not to like about this place? It's nearly perfect. . . I say nearly because I got super excited when I saw their breakfast menu, only to find out they weren't serving it. I would recommend they don't backlight huge signs with pictures of breakfast front and center if they aren't serving it - but I guess its marketing. Overall a minor gripe in the grand scheme. I still found my delicious custom ordered sandwich in spite of it. . . If you haven't been, go!
After reading so many reviews, my wife and I thought we would give it a try.  This place was hidden away in Planet Hollywood.. . I had the club sandwich and the wife had the chipolte chicken.  Both were very good and made well and were perfectly toasted.. . Can't say much about the service because you just give your order and then they call you when food was done.. . If you have chance to go to Vegas. Give this place a try.  Nice thing is that it is open 24/7.
The best sandwiches ever made...
Tried this restaurant one afternoon off a tip of a friend... and now my girlfriend and I will literally schedule our Vegas day around Planet Hollywood just to be close to Earl of Sandwich. I usually order the tuna melt! And if you do, the Tabasco goes great with it. They usually have bottles at the tables too.
Earl's never lets me down! All the sandwiches are delicious and though the line may be long, it moves pretty quickly. Plus you're in Vegas at the shops, so there are tons of things you can do while waiting for your food, though it doesn't take long at all.. . Some of my faves:. - Chipotle Chicken Avocado: tender chicken, fresh avocado and tangy/mild chipotle sauce. - Caribbean Jerk: Too drunk to remember... but it was gooooood. - Holiday Turkey: One of the specials you can only get around the holiday season I believe. It has thin-sliced turkey, cranberry sauce and gravy! OMG.. . I love eating here because it's an affordable option other than eating at buffets plus they're open 24 hours. A tip would be to call in your order as you're headed over so your food will be ready by the time you arrive to pick it up.
Soo good. I always go here when I come to Vegas. Try the horseradish sauce
5 star worthy. I'd give it 6 stars if Yelp would let me. It's all about the hot signature sandwiches here. All sandwiches are made to order making them fresh out of the oven. Fresh ingredients (make sure to add bacon)  served up on a nicely toasted Artisan baked loaf and topped with unique sauces and spreads. Try the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (my favorites!)
We came here after reading the reviews on Yelp, and we weren't disappointed at all.. Great sandwiches (most pictures here look worse than the real thing), with fresh baked bread and many options to choose from.. Chipotle chicken avocado and holiday turkey (which is always on the menu, not only holidays) were really good.
Oh Dear Jesus, I was SO DRUNK when I came here I completely forgot about it until now that Yelp reminded me I had it bookmarked. This is the main things I remember off the top of my head:. . * It's either inside, next to or near Planet Hollywood. That's where I was doing most of my drinking since the night before on this particular day. Or, another popular hotel.. . * It might actually be open 24/7. I am really not sure.. . * I remember it being kind of like a Quizno's, sort of. Yeah, that's it.. . * I remember being shocked at how low their prices are.. . * I think I remember it being pretty packed with customers.. . I just checked my phone and luckily, I did take some notes while there. My notes read as follows:. . "Erl Sanwitch...Chicken is good cheap jerk...Bred while tosted...Where am I...oh ok, keeping drinking...back comet her tomanana". . Sorry, that's all I got in writing. Welcome to Vegas, eh?
Love the sandwiches at The Earl! My fave is the holiday turkey cran with stuffing. Their open late so it's a great drunchie spot after clubbing
There are two locations for this restaurant in Las Vegas, one at the Palms and one at the Planet Hollywood.  I've been to both and both deliverextremely well on their product.  . . If you're looking for a good daytime meal to tide you over between buffets, this is the place.  About $10 gets you a sandwich, drink and chips.  The bread is crisp, the contents are delicious, and in the end, you're left full and satisfied.  . . When I don't know what to get for lunch and I'm on the strip, this is where I go!
One of the best "bang for the buck" quick meals on the strip. Fair prices and good quality.. . Depending on the time of day you visit, be prepared for a lineup.
Long line, they always seem to be busy, but it was worth it. Great sandwich at a great price (on the strip that is) but really not much more than like Jimmy John's , it is similar to how quizno's does sandwiches, but so much better. The bread is the star.. . Rundown:. Italian: delicious. Potato Salad: meh not memorable, but we were starving and needed something now. Mac and cheese: really good for fast food. . Overall: I'd go back
The Montague sandwich is my go-to sandwich in Las Vegas!! I've never tried anything else, and I probably never will because this sandwich is THE BEST!
Seriously just finished eating half the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich (my grandpa stole the rest) and had to write a review. It is literally the best sandwich I've ever eaten. I just recently acquired a newfound love for sandwiches and this one takes the cake. The bread is warm, crusty, and chewy. It's the perfect vehicle for the delicious creamy chipotle sauce with just enough kick. The chicken is juicy and seasoned perfectly. The avocado adds another layer of creaminess and well, the bacon, come on, everything's better with bacon. This was the best $7 I spent in Vegas. I am so glad another location opened up in downtown Disney so I can eat to my hearts content.
Great sandwich place. It was a quest to find, but well worth it. . The Italian sub had great flavor.
Long line, but moved along fairly quickly. BF ordered the Full Montagu and I got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. Both were toasted, hot, and delicious! The sandwich was a bit on the small side, but we will definitely come back.
