I stayed here for a few days with some friends for a trip to Vegas. They were very accommodating and friendly. We got a suite there and the room was gorgeous. It came with a queen sized and pull out bed, three tvs, three telephones, and the other usual amenities. Whenever we requested something such as extra towels and sheets they were very quick and efficient. The cable kind of sucked because many of the channels kept saying no signal. Also, they advertise free wifi, which they do give, but it is extremely so so don't rely on it too much if you need it for work or something important. Checking in was a bit slow, but that was just due to the large number of people checking in at the same time. They also made dinner reservations for us at their restaurant, Bouchon, gave us free tickets for two clubs, two free tickets to their show, Phantom of the Opera, and many other free tidbit that were really cool. Checking out of the hotel was a breeze, all it took was a quick one minute call to the concierge.There weren't too many restaurants open 24 hours in the hotel, which was a bit of a bummer, but the Grand Lux, which is basically a Cheesecake Factory, was opened 24 hours and it was a great midnight snack. The casino was easily accessed, which is to be expected for a hotel and everything was pretty good there. This was my first trip to Vegas ever and they definitely made my stay memorable and I would recommend staying there for anyone.
This is my second favorite hotel in Vegas.  It would be #1 except that I always lose in this casino.  :P. . Getting a luxury suite with my cousin is the only way to go.  Huge window overlooking the pool, couches, benches, huge bed, dark curtains, and a lovely bathroom with an exquisite bath tub.  . . The pool is great, and Tao beach is even better.  . . Bouchon (God I love Thomas Keller, I really really do) is here as is B & B Ristorante, and Postrio Bar & Grill.. . Its beautiful, and if you want a fantastic stay I definitely suggest the Venetian.  . . Great rates if you're a players club member, be sure to use them.
This hotel was by far one of the best ones I have ever been to! The rooms are amazing and very spacious, and the restaurants are very delicious. The hotel service was very quick and efficient, and it made the trip a lot more stressful! This was definitely one of my best vacations because it was nice coming back to a place I really enjoyed.
Looovee the Venetian. While it's one of the more expensive places to stay on the strip, it is SO worth it. Especially if you have a big group of people. You can EASILY fit over 10 people in one of their Bella suites. And there's enough TV's to keep the boys happy watching their sports and girls with their chick flicks and reality TV while recuperating after a night out of partying.. . Recently discovered the food court closer to the parking garage (not the one by the casino). That place is ahmazing! Extremely helpful if you're on a budget, like most people in their early 20's who are in Vegas for a crazy weekend. Finding a table big enough for a large group of people is a bit hard, cause it can get pretty crowded. That's when you get everything to-go and bring it back up to your room :)
I like how the hotel imitates venice in a way where it appears to be the real thing like water escalators going through the building. The gondolas were amazing and the arrangement of the place had skies above us and fake Italian buildings.. . I want to stay here!!
stayedhere for spring break last year and wow, the room is soo spacious! we had the suite with the living room & 2 queen size beds, the view was spectacularrr, the bathroom was spacious, con was that there was no lock.. so if you shower and no ones in the room, you kinda have to leave a note :/ . . I went on the gondola ride with my boyfriend, it was sooo romantic and perfect... even better that we had a coupon from when we checked into the room
Despite the price of our suite during Shot Show 2011, The Venetian was worth it.  They totally delivered in luxury, no hidden fees, friendliness of staff, and efficiency making up the room each morning.  They have completely won over my future business and pleasure on The Strip.  The hotel is beautiful, the suites spacious and beyond comfortable.  700 square feet and this is the tiny suite?  That's bigger than my first apartment.  . . The Venetian was everything I hoped the Bellagio would be when we stayed there last year.  Bellagio failed, but The Venetian totally delivered.  Watch rates, and if you can get there during a non-peak period, it is worth every penny you will spend over nearby properties.  Promise.
wowzers!! Celebrated a girl friend's bday here with 10 people so we got connecting rooms which made it really convenient (boys side and girls side). The bathrooms were huuuuuge and perfect for getting ready for a night out. There was even a vanity table. The only bad thing was there were no locks on the doors! And if someone was showering, noone else would be able to use the toilet or sinks. The beds were ultra comfortable, the pull out sofa bed, not so much as you can feel the springs.. Sleeping on the actual sofa would've been more comfortable. The room came with two huge flat screens, hair dryer, iron and table, robes, a printer, coffee table, and another round table to sit around. Had remote controlled curtains and a beautiful view. . There's a gym on some level I forget. Shopping here was nice, there were a lot of workers strolling around in costume offering to help with directions. And a couple friends saw a couple celebrities gambling/buying coffee bean and tea leaf. We came super late to the lounge downstairs and got in for free. Didn't even have to buy drinks since we prepartied hard. Ate at Grand Luxe Cafe for breakfast and didn't have to wait in line ( no clue what my friends did or said). I would have to say that this trip was the best one yet. :]
I absolutely love this hotel! It is now my home away from home in Las Vegas! . . I just recently stayed in one of their Bella Suites with a few of my girls, and experienced the best service ever! All of the employees are wonderful, and treat you like royalty. I especially love how they give personalized service. For example, whenever I called for more towels, they would say, "Good afternoon Ms. Lee, how can i help you today? ..... Alright no problem, is there anything else i can get you Ms. Lee?" . . Besides the top notch service, The Venetian is located in a great spot if you're looking to hit up the nightclubs at Encore, Wynn, or inside The Venetian. You can save, by just walking over as opposed to spending money on a cab. The pool and jacuzzis are also very nice. There are also multiple jacuzzis if you want your own for your group. . . There are many food choices inside the hotel / casino. My favorite is Grand Lux Cafe for a quick lunch or dinner; their burgers are the best and they're also open 24/7. And definitely join the Grazie club if you're goingto gamble. As a perk for being a new member, I got $25 free slot credit to play with! . . All in all, you may pay a bit more to stay in The Venetian, but it is definitely worth it for the primo location on the strip as well as outstanding service. I will definitely be staying here again!
With me being reviewer number 909... I think I'll keep this short. lol. . The Venetian is a beautiful, elegant casino hotel that offers great shopping, restaurants and clean, nice rooms.  It's a favorite of my friends and mine when we visit.  You can usually find good room rates on the discount sites.  . . See ya there!
I love this hotel.  This review is for the HOTEL itself only.  We have been to this hotel plenty of times to play and eat and go to Tao nightclub, but this is the first time we actually stayed at the hotel.  We recently stayed here for 3 nights (1/23, 1/24, 1/25) to celebrate my husband's birthday.. . Our suite was beautiful, comfortable, and elegant.  We stayed on the 31st floor in room 324.  This is such a great hotel because you do not have to leave!  Plenty of gaming, shopping, and eating within the Ventian, Venezia and Palazzo.  On our last day, my husband got a case of food poisoning (Johnny Rockets) and I remember telling him, thank god we are staying in a nice suite.  If you are going to be bedridden with illness, The Venetian is the place to stay!  The front lobby supervisor Megan was very nice and accomodating on our last day there allowing us for a late check out due to my husband's illness.  She also sent an on-site EMT to check my husband out before our 5 hour drive back to L.A.  . . I want to stay at this hotel everytime we come to Vegas now!
I absolutely LOVE this hotel! This is where I stay every time I'm in Vegas, and I go about  4+ times per year. HUGE gorgeous rooms, the BEST nightclubs, friendly staff, amazing restaurants and I think the black jack dealers give me luck, because I've yet to lose! Definitely worth the money to stay here over other hotels. Make sure to go to their Grazie players club and sign up. They constantly email offers for FREE or highly discounted rooms!
5 STARS!!!!!!. . Excellent rooms!  Smells good, all rooms have sunken living rooms.  Venetian has been our first choice whenever we go to vegas.  The prices are reasonable for the quality of your stay.  Although recently they added a resort fee so beware of the extra $14 per day.  (resort fees vary)  . . Grand Lux Cafe (located inside the Venetian and Palazzo) is the place to go for an awesome dinner.  It is also open late night for all you party people.
What's not to love about staying at the Venetian? . . Rooms are huge and are decadent. I always get a kick out of the sunken living rooms that truly give the effect of a "separate" room from the bedroom. . . I'm not one who usually takes bubble baths---especially in hotels. But for some reason, I always do when I stay here. Perhaps it's because I like their tubs or maybe because I love wearing those fluffy robes. But trust me, you should do it if you stay here too. . . The pool is pretty nice and spacious but it's not one of the best on the strip. There's good shopping, restaurants, and club (TAO) here. . . But my confession---it's so huge I always get lost and I've been staying there for years :)
Duuuuuuude! I rolled around on the bed like a cat in fresh laundry from the dryer. Comfort, ease, cloud 9, all a few things that came to mind as I layed down, fiddled with the remote controlled BLINDS and jumped up and down on the bed.. . Talk about fully decked mini fridge, pantry and a full extended panoramic view of the Vegas strip and beyond that! Phenomenal. . . I felt like I was in Italy just by standing in the lobby hehe
I've had the priviledge of staying here on three separate occasions, and all three times I've had a great experience. Every room at the Venetian is a suite, with a flat screen TV in the living room area and another one in front of the bed. The mattress and pillows are so comfortable you really won't want to get out of bed in the morning. The marble bathroom is also a great feature, with a separate shower and tub (and a TV in here, too). There's lots of nice hotels to choose from on the Strip that are quite a bit cheaper, but I feel like it's worth shelling out the extra money to stay somewhere like the Venetian. . . I've stayed in both the regular Venetian tower and the Venezia tower, and both have been positive but different experiences. The Venetian tower is quite a bit bigger and very close to the Grand Lux Cafe and Bouchon Bakery. The Venezia tower has a much more secluded feel to it, and doesn't seem to be as busy as the Venetian tower. In terms of entertainment, if you really didn't want to leave your hotel you probably wouldn't have to. Blue Man Group and Phantom of the Opera are permanent attractions here, and i've seen both of them. Blue Man Group is probably best for families/kids, while Phantom of the Opera is a must-see even if you've seen it somewhere else before. They did an amazing job with creating this theater and customizing it for this show. TAO nightclub is located at the Venetian if you're planning on going clubbing at night. . . Check-in and check-out on our last visit were both very smooth, and we didn't have to wait more than about 5 minutes or so. The employees here are all very professional and friendly. . . Be sure to put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on your door before you go to sleep, because housekeeping knocked on our door at 8:30am to try to come in and clean!
Best Hotel I ever stayed in.. . Staying here gives you the feeling that you've made it...even if you didn't.. . Me and the fee even took the lil boat ride around the casino while some Latina seranaded us in Italian.
you just feel like a million bucks here :)
My favorite hotel thus far in Vegas
Can you say, what a vacation! I don't want it to end! This four star-diamond hotel and resort is just amazingly remarkable! I just fell in love!!!! with the Sistine ceiling..such beautiful work of art! I was in awe of the architectural designs through out the hotel! Oh and how can I forget how I admired the mattress I slept in! I could have slept for days and not have realized it at all...so comfortable..so relaxing...And such Splendid service with more to be said. ...However, be ready to spend lots and lots of the green stuff :) good thing I didn't have to pay for it hehe. liked it way better than the MGM where I stayed on my last day for the night, but I did enjoy the 4 days there :)
Was here for a work conference.  Nice central strip location.  . . All rooms at Venetian  Palazzo are suites - about 7/800 square feet.  I have stayed in both hotels.  The Venetian is a little easier to navigate and avoid the Casino floor.  . . My room was in the Venzia Tower.  Amazing pool area.  Very nice to relax, catch some sun and avoid the business of the Strip.  Leaving the hotel and getting to the Strip is much easier than the Palazzo.  The Palazzo is newer but you have to go through the Casinio to do anything - To the conference center through the casino, to a restaurant through a casino, to the street - through a casino.  You get the picture.  . . Pallazo is a little more contemporary and newer but the room layout is basically identical.  . . Service in both is impeccable.  . . These two hotels are soon to join the InterContinental Hotels Group family.  You can soon earn and burn Priority Club points at these two hotels!. . Pluses - easy access to the strip, Pool areas are amazing, Service is great. . Minuses - Resort fee is $17 (but wifi is included)
This past weekend my boyfriend and I stayed at the Venetian, we flew in from MD on Thursday early morning. . I had made our reservations months ago and had let the concierge know that we would be arriving around 1030-11:00am. I knew check-in wasn't until 3:00 but they asked me anyway. . . To our surprise when we walked up to the front desk, our room was ready. They said that the note in the computer helped us guarantee we'd get an early room if possible. I was thrilled! . They let you use your room key as a credit card throughout the hotel as well which came in very handy so I didn't need to travel around with many credit cards..  . The hotel was gorgeous. If you haven't looked at pictures of the room, be prepared to be impressed. Sunken living room, vanity in the bathroom, stall shower, flat screens? It was great. . . The Canal shops make you feel like you're walking around outside in Italy. Gondola rides indoors AND out. Tons of restaurants, fast food courts and drinks! High end shops as well as the usual gift shops. . . When I made the reservations the woman who helped me said "we have everything- you don't even need to leave our property." I didn't believe her at first. She was right! . . They also have Phantom, Jersey Boys & Blue Man Group all within the hotel. . . I definitely won't stay anywhere else in Vegas again. Can't say more good things about this place!. . *Tips* . I requested to be near an elevator (most resorts in Las vegas are HUGE and you might be walking a mile to your room - no exaggeration!) this ended up being great.  . . Like I stated earlier, I let them know what time I was getting to the Venetian, in case a room was ready. They can also hold your bags if you get there before 3am so you are free to explore.. . Take the Executive Las Vegas shuttle from the airport. 6 bucks each way, and Venetian is the first stop/last to be picked up. Located lowest level of Baggage Claim by Door 1/2.
This review is pretty much just for the room and the pool; we didn't use any of the other services and didn't get to explore the casino or shops that much because we were in Vegas for pretty much just a day and a half!  Still, the time we spent there was fantastic.. . We were in Vegas for a joint bachelor/bachelorette party; the first of our group arrived on Wednesday, and when they checked in they asked the concierge if our room could be next to or across from theirs.  When we checked in Friday night it turned out to be exactly that (across)!  Very convenient and accomodating.. . The room itself was amazing.  WAY more than necessary for me and my boyfriend; we had the smallest room which still came with a pullout couch, so if you want to save money you could definitely fit more people in.  As it was with just the two of us though, it felt really luxurious.  Bed and pillows were comfy, and I love that they had a shower, bath tub, two sinks, and a vanity!  We did use the pool on Saturday morning.  Not a lot of people actually swimming, but the pool is heated so the water was warm (the weather was rather chilly, but okay in the sun!).. . I'd definitely stay here again, but to cut down on the cost (which, I think, was worth it) I'd shove some more people in the room.
Everything about this hotel is gorgeous and classy, even the lit lanterns in the hallways. Plus their rooms are so huge and very beautiful!
The rooms were spectacular.. I stayed in a Bella suite. We had 6 people and we all fit comfortably (there is a pullout couch!). During our stay, we needed things like toothbrushes, band aids, extra towels, blankets for the pullout couch, and the staff was so great about providing everything free of charge!. . Also- they have the grand lux cafe- and all those little italian restaurants (like the gelato and panini places) which makes staying there so convenient!. . The casino is nice- they also have TAO if you're brave enough to go in there on a busy night. (Overpacked and crappy music). . The Venetian was such a treat!
A recent business trip landed me at the Venetian for the 1st time and I have to say I was very impressed. . . The hotel was immaculate! All staff was so nice and helpful. The cocktail servers are hit an miss with the friendliness but I did find a nice one who actually came back with a drink and continued after I kept tipping her big. . . Hotel suite was perfect. I will be back!!!
When going to Vegas, I always use HotWire to find the cheapest room (with at least 4 stars and located at the North strip), and it ALWAYS ends up being Venetian. It must be a sign.. . Plenty of great memories have been made here, and I'm sure that there are many more to come. The rooms are big (big enough for 12 girls!), some have 2 beds + 1 pull out couch, two sinks, and lots of mirrors (to get ready for clubbing). It's also in a great spot- the location makes it super easy to get to the current hot spots (Marquee, XS, Surrender, or even the back-up/safety club, TAO).. . The rooms are nice looking, clean, and the idea of hugging the toilet doesn't make you sick to your stomach. That's code for I love this place.. . Warning: The see through shower makes it a little hard to get ready in the bathroom while someone is showering. . Also, don't try to walk from XS back to the Venetian. In your 5 inch heels. When you're drunk. Unless you have a penchant for multiple blisters on your foot.
Absolutely palatial.  The rooms are ginormous.  The beds are sooooo comfy.  There is a tv in the bathroom!  The pool area is fantastic with gardens all around.
Didn't stay there but best casino ladies room on the strip.  We tried em all at some point :-)
The main attraction for me when I visit Vegas.. . I fell inlove with my Fiancee an the circular in-cove inside while viewing the gondolas. So I visit the place from now on and I am always impressed with how professional and clean the hotel is. . . I recently stayed at a room and was extremely happy with the service  they provided. Everything is luxurious with a nice Italian feel.  I have spent many hours in the hotel/casino and still feel like I have not seen it all.. . Can't wait to return
I love their rooms!!!! so spacious.  super CLEAN and smells nice. I yet have to try the Gondola ride but looks romantic... *AHEMS* hunnie
Two thumbs way up!!! Very classy and elegant. This is one of 4 hotels I stay at on the strip. Customer service is beyond superior. They have a mini shopping mall here to. I stayed on the 48th floor. Very roomy and very nice. Well worth the money. Beautiful strip views. I just absolutely love it.
There's a mask and costume shop in here that I was fascinated by.  Thoroughly enjoyed the gondolas and the singers on some of them.  :)
Beautiful hotel!!  Long walk to the rooms, but wow they are huge.  The restaurants are incredible, Aquanox was my favorite.   Yeah I finally learned to play craps.  . I would absolutely recommend this place and would stay here again.
==The Venetian==. I've never been to Paris, and as I walk through this hotel, it's an unbelievable experience. The ceiling feels like the sky, the water and all the buildings makes me feel like I'm walking through a town in Paris. It's just so amazing, breathtaking at the same time. I was about to go on the love boat ride, but decided to spend the money elsewhere since it seems like you share a boat with people. haha. In the center somewhere is also a little gellato icecream stand, oooo I love their icecream. . . I'm not much of a gambling, more a sight seeing and I like to take photos of interesting views. I come to Vegas to enjoy places that try and replica other countries like The Venetian!
I don't know how every review cannot be five stars for the Venetian.  I love this place!  The room was absolutely amazing the Gondola was sweet and the shoppes were to notch.  Club Tao is here at the hotel and lots of attractive people.
Love it! Rooms are spacious, staff was helpful, and well just pure luxury! It's a nice place to come back to when you've spent and night (and all day) partying in Vegas!
One of my favorite places to stay but it is costly.  . . Large luxury suites, Canal Shoppes, beautiful decor and a very large Sports Bar.  The Suites are equipped with flat screen TVs in the bedroom, living room and the bathroom too.   Be careful not to move the items in the mini bar as you might be charged for it.  . . Two clubs to choose from Tao and Lavo.  Both clubs are awesome.  A little tip: I was told by the reservations specialist to eat at Tao and you can get into the club for free. . . The front desk, casino and restaurant staff are awesome.  Always attentive and kind.  . . I will always return to the Venetian and Palazzo.
This is my favorite hotel on the strip.  The decor is gorgeous and the building is breathtaking.  The hotel staff bent over backwards for us.  I asked the concierge where I could buy some toothpaste and she sent up a gift basket full of toothpaste, bubble bath, a toothbrush, and other cute little bottles that didn't come standard in the rooms.  Our room was huge with a sunken living room and there is a flat screen tv in every section of the place.  The bathroom even had a small tv where you could soak in the big tub while watching Japanese soap operas on the Satellite channels.  Make sure to ask what show discounts the hotel will give you.  We got a discount on the Phantom of the Opera which is an awesome show.  I've stayed at a couple of other places on the strip but they will never compare to the Venetian.
Can't even count how many different hotels I've been to in Vegas, but this is my very favorite hotel. My numero uno! It's absolutely gorgeous. Has that wow factor. Very luxurious, very romantic, ... very expensive! lol but its worth it. Large rooms, good service and location. Venetian, you never let me down- never disappoint. People, make sure to stay here next time your in vegas. Great for anniversaries, bachelor party weekends, or weekend getaways with your friends.
Just love this place in general. Their rooms are just about the best I've stayed in.
overpriced but probaly a once in a lifetime experience.This hotel is massive lots of walking 32 restaurants in the hotel .$14 for a mixed drink in the piano lounge,$32 for two on a gondola ride which you have to do.My wife said she as been in 2 hotels that wre superior both in Montrel,Quebec.
Got a great deal so Venetian ended up being cheaper than other hotels.  The front desk employees were very nice and gave us a connecting suite to our friends.  This was great because we kept the doors open to give a feeling of one big party suite.. . The service in the Casino and the restaurants were great as well (There's a Grand Lux Cafe right outside the elevators that's open 24/7).  The location of the Venetian is very convenient as well.  (Mid-strip and close to the Fashion Show Mall as well as other nice hotels). . It's funny that I rated its sister hotel Palazzo 3 stars, but I think it's a combination of the service being much better, the rate being better, and the fact that this room was actually clean.. . Would definitely stay again (Hopefully SOON).
By far the nicest hotel my friends and I have stayed at so far.  We spent 2 nights in a Bella Suite, and the 2 queen sized beds were humongous and extremely soft and comfy.  The living room was on a slightly lower level, I guess "sunken in", and the curtains/drapes over the windows were electronic, and they completely blocked out the light...great for the next morning!  And possibly my favorite thing was the TV in the bathroom, with the vanity table, which were both GREAT for getting ready. :)
A classically beautiful hotel. A real step up from Trump's place. This is what I've come to expect in Las Vegas. The rooms are large and luxurious. The lobby is spectacular, and the shops and restaurants are first class. I'd been here once before, and felt like I was coming home. I'll stay here every time I'm in Vegas.
Largest standard room in Las Vegas. My personal favorite! Great service. The phantom of the opera show is there. TAO pool bar is close which looks like MTV spring break every day. Concierge is very helpful so use it if you need tickets or advice on what to do in Vegas. They can usually set up up with something you wouldn't get otherwise. Saves time too. Get a players club card because they give you points based on how much time you play not how much you gamble. Who knows it might get you something somewhere. The most beautiful of all the hotels and its easy to find things once you get to know the layout, not like a maze like other casinos. I always stay here unless its booked, if they are full go to Treasure Island across the street, a best bang for the buck strip hotel.
I really enjoyed my stay here. Restaurants and shops were awesome. Decor was awesome. It has everything besides a buffet, but they have plenty of nice restaurants to make up for it. Suite was very nice and clean. Customer service was great. If you get a chance to walk around make sure you hit up Peter Lik's gallery for some awesome photography/artwork! 5 star experience all around ;-)
This hotel deserves more than five stars. This is without doubt the best hotel in Vegas. I just stayed there with nearly four thousand people from my company and they were so organized that we did not have to wait for anything. We all had incredible breakfasts, lunches and dinners for the week. . The rooms are also top class. The architecture of the building will amaze you. I have stayed here several times now and it just keeps getting better and better.
This place became my favorite hotel and casino in Vegas. The ambiance here totally reminds me of Venice, Italy. If you're not Italian but an admirer of their culture, this is the place to be! The rooms are a little pricey compared to others, but it's well worth it. We stayed in the luxury suite and it was clean, spacious and the cal king bed was super comfortable. We had no issues with anything during our stay including the check-in/check-out.. . Blue Man Group was an outstanding show and the Delmonico Steakhouse was a great place to dine. They're both on the vicinity, so no need to wonder out on the strip. Check my other Yelp reviews for those. The card tables were pretty good here. Not too crowed but a lot of action. Make sure to sign up for the Grazie card to get full benefits during your stay.   . . Anyways, I strongly recommend The Venetian, and I will be staying here again in the future.
The Venetian is my favorite casino! It appears they shut off the water to the outside canal during the summer, but in the winter, it was beautiful. The canals inside ran during both seasons I went. We ate at an Italian restaurant overlooking the inside canals. It was pricey, but worth the food and service. We were also in awe of the mural on the ceiling at the entrance and how the inside makes you feel like it is always daytime. Simply amazing!
Didn't stay here, just visited. It is an awesome hotel. The indoor canal and food court and everything is just awesome. It makes you want to visit Italy. The parking is easy and the location is good. The music they play in the bathrooms is catchy.
I've only stayed in Vegas three times. Once in Planet Hollywood (ehhh), the other time at Bally's (mehhhh old) and then the Venetian (ahhh :-) ). . . There's no comparison. Our suite was so great. We stayed inside most of the day, laying around and soaking in the awesomeness of our room. . . My friend said it best when we were talking about the beds: "It's like sleeping on a big fluffy cloud.". . There were THREE flat screen TV's. One in the living room, one where the beds were, and one in the bathroom. We had a separate vanity area, which was even more amazing, I wasn't in anyone's way.. . I'd stay again. Bigger suite...
I love  this Hotel.  This (and the Palazzo) is my "go to" hotels in Vegas.  Yes, it is more expensive but DAMN, everything is so nice here.  After a couple of times with my boys, my newly wedded wife wanted to go to Vegas with me.  Since it was her first time, I had to go all out for her and we stayed at the Venetian.  You don't understand how happy I was to come back into the room to find my wonder wife in a bubble bath, watching TV, and chilling out to the max in our 5 star bathroom.  Every service we did (yup, she got room service too) and everywhere we went (in the hotel) was up to par in this five star hotel.  . . Would I come back?  Most definitely..  and I'll bring my friends too.
superbes et tres vastes chambres , vue piscine agreable , il ne manque que la bouilloire
I've stayed at almost all of the major hotels on the strip, and this is hands down my favorite. All rooms are nice roomy suites, amazing pools, great food places---definitely stay here if you're in Vegas.
Great place to stay!! Service was excellent!  Tops on my list of places in Vegas!
I love it here! Stayed here for 3 nights in mid June.. . Suite was huge! Couldn't have asked for more. It was just perfect.. . We will definitely stay here again.
I love this hotel!!!  We stayed here for two nights to celebrate my husband's birthday, and our stay was just perfect.  . . The hotel, of course, is beautiful.  You know that you're in a five star hotel the moment that you pull up to the valet.  It's as close as you can get to Venice without leaving the country.  I also liked that it was connected to the Palazzo.. . Our suite was huge!  We had three flat screen TV's - one in the sunken living room, one in front of the bed, and one in the bathroom.  The sunken living room had a sectional couch, coffee table, and work desk.  We had a party in our room, and our suite was able to accommodate all of our guests.  The bed was beyond comfortable so we were able to get good sleep after a long night of partying.. . We also got all the hook-ups when we were there.  Right after we checked-in and on our way to our suite, this gal asked me if I wanted to be put on the guest list for Tao.  I said yeah!!!  Tao was in our itinerary so it was great that we were offered to be put on the guest list without having to call concierge.  The next day, the gal that hooked me up sent me a text message and told me the she also put me on the guest list for Tao Beach!  The hotel also gives you complimentary line pass and admission to Lavo.  It was great to get all hooked up!. . It was also nice that we were able to get account servicesthrough the television.  There's no need to fall in line downstairs to check out.  We got everything settled right from our suite.. . We truly enjoyed our stay at the Venetian, and we will definitely be back!
This is my favorite place to stay. My husband and I use to stay here all the time.  The accommodations are fabulous.  LOVE it! Flat screen in every room. Robes and slippers ready for us.  The suites are HUGE and the bed is sooooooooo COMFY!!!  It's one of those places where you really need to see the place for yourself, it blows your mind and takes your breath away.  You feel like royalty when you stay there.  At least I do. :D. . If you can splurge on the upgrade for the venetian lounge, you should do it.  Finger food, drinks, and free wifi... can't beat it. . . The only problem is when we play high and long, sometimes our hours don't get counted so we lose money and we don't get credit for them.
This and the Palazzo are hands down one of the nicest hotels on the Strip.  The standard rooms are suite style at 700 square feet.  You enter to a foyer area which leads you past a LARGE bathroom with marble counters and tile floor.  A glass shower and tub as well as a separate water closet. One either has two queen beds or one king bed as well as sunken living room with L shape couch and TV.  My friends who were visiting us in our room staying at other properties were also impressed. . . There are multiple pools which are large and very nice.  If you want to lay down and relax you can pick on the secluded pools or if you want to party head to Tao beach.  . . There are also tons of food options on property included Grand Luxe Cafe which is open very late which is great for after the clubs.
Had a baller ass suite! Gym , hot tub, living room and sauna.  When im picky I tell people to book me here!  Room service loves me as I love them. I ask for a robe they bring me plenty and nice ones at that! Room service will clean the room at the drop of a dime mid day or midnight!
In Vegas you can go two ways. First, you can go and party like a rock star where you indulge your inner gangsta/diva and show up wherever you land with style and swagger, or pack yourselves in- 8 to a room, stay off strip, and bargain hunt... If option two is your idea of a good time, you best take your fanny pack and perm and move on!  . . When I go to Vegas- I like to feel like high roller, not just look like one.  Venetian is my favorite hotel on the strip, and trust me I have stayed at most of them.  Every room is a beautiful suite with upscale furnishings.  I adore the huge bathroom with marble floors and French double doors, huge Jacuzzi tub, large stand up shower and the lovely vanity and stool for all of my beauty supplies, which are key for my Vegas transformation!  Clearly I spend the most time in the bathroom!  But the living room and bedroom are fantastic too.  Two large plasma TV's, Wi-Fi, and plenty of closet space comes basic at any room here with the option to upgrade if you're a baller. At check-in request a view of the strip.  They charge more for rooms on that side, but if you ask at check-in they will hook you up if they can.  The service is great here.  The beds are comfy, the sheets are crisp, the casino smells like pleasant perfumed air- not cigarettes and there are not a lot of ghetto people staying here- just a few! :) Hey- it's Vegas, you can't control everything!   .  The hotel itself is stunning.  Its opulent and lavish and totally over the top amazing- don't forget to look up to see the replica of the Sistine chapel ceiling.  Why go to Italy when you can go to Vegas?!  . . I don't gamble- I shop, and I love to shop in Vegas.  I heart that Venetian is hooked up to three really wonderful malls.  I can walk from the hotel to Fashion Show, my favorite mall in Vegas.  Fashion Show has a Nordstrom... just saying.  Not that you need to go to Fashion Show because if you stroll the shops between Venetian and Palazzo (both casinos have their own malls) you will find two fabulous malls with every store you ever needed including a Barney's New York, Sephora (its near the wax museum), BCBG, MAC, Michael Kors (my favorite store to visit in Vegas) and many many others.  . . Another reason I adore Venetian is because they have a fabulous scene.  I have great affection for the beautiful pool!  I have spent entirely too many days having a spectacular time out there... In addition they have a great spa, great restaurants- especially Grand Lux at 4 a.m., dope clubs- Lavo and Tao... It's just a great time all around!     . . I have stayed at Bellagio and MGM Lofts (my friend hooked that one up), which would be my next choices by the way, but for the past 4 years Venetian is my first choice in Vegas.  Hopefully I'll see you there! xo
Stayed in "Bella Suite" and liked it very much. Booked this suite about a month and a half in advance so it came to $535 for two nights, which isn't bad since we had 8 people splitting it.. . Bella Suite is awesome. Spacious layout with two queen-size beds, L-shaped couch that can fit two bodies comfortably, and lots of floor space that we had a blowup mattress on that fit two more people.. . Bathroom was big and spacious. Double sink with shower stall and tub separate.. . Grand Lux Cafe open 24hrs downstairs makes the Venetian even better. Located in a great spot with access to other good hotels with restaurants and gambling spots.
The Venetian and Palazo is extremely awesome. I have been staying there almost each time I visit Las Vegas. The resort rooms are big and not expensive when you are able to find the monthly deal. Overall, this should be your first choice when planning your next Vegas vacation trip.
After staying at this hotel, yeah, definitely 5 stars.. Here's why:. . At first I got there, it's just gorgeous to look at. Perfect spot on the strip. Everyone was nice to me, although that's their job, but come on.. Nobody's nice all the time in a hotel. I had the bella suite, which had 3 tv's (including one in the bathroom; with a tub, shower, water closet, vanity, two sinks, and french doors) A tv in the sunken living room WITH  a sofa bed, and of course one in front of the two most comfy beds i've ever slept in.. . Room service was great, friendly AND ALWAYS on time. . . I walked through almost every hotel on the strip, and I have to say this one is my top favorite. It's huge! I don't even think I went everywhere inside because it's just. that. big.. . Oh, make sure you don't touch what the water and cookies are sitting on because the check-in guy said if you move that you get charged for it, because it's weighed! So, don't open the fridge underneath it either. Buy a cooler, and use the ice machine like we did ;). . The negative? I like to take my clothes and put them in drawers for the week, not enough room for 3 peoples clothes. The lighting for make-up is only great in the bathroom. It's pretty dark in the room. . . And when you go to the concierge desk ask for VIP tickets for the clubs there, they'll give it to you if you sweet talk. DO NOT buy anything off the street. It's scams, you can get those club/pool tickets for free.. . I didn't take notice to the stench that people keep complaining about, that might be just because I was more focused on the architecture lol.. . And do NOT take a taxi to the hotel, there's a shuttle for 7 bucks, that comes every hour. Our taxi was 30 bucks, INCLUDING tip (big mistake, it was out first day, what can you say?). When you get there, don't take a taxi ANYWHERE. Get a bus, it's called The Deuce, and they run everywhere along the strip, even at Fremont Street and at the other end near the vegas sign. 7 bucks for 24 hours, which runs ALL DAY/EVERYDAY! The bus also comes every 10 minutes... So worth it.. . 159 dollars a night? NOT bad for a suite like ours! And make sure, when you buy things, check out the bottom of all receipts, panda express had a survey to take and you got an another entree for free! =)
I haven't been to Italy (yet!) and the Venetian is the closest thing I'll get to it. That, and living vicariously through the Jersey Shore cast every Thursday night but that's irrelevant... . I loved staying here, the all suites are the absolutely gorgeous. For the most pocket friendly, the Luxury Suites are perfect at about $100 per person a night. These rooms with a living room fit as many as 8 people comfortably, maybe even more depending on everyone's body mass index... . For the girls: perfect amount of mirror space. You know this is a Vegas necessity and the Venetian people know that too. The bathrooms are large and the toilet is separated from the shower/sinks so everyone can handle their business of sorts at the same time, if you catch my drift.. . Very safe hotel with the Venetian patrol checking for room keys before letting you enter the tower elevators. A bit strict for my taste but you're paying for great service and a great room.. . The only thing I didn't like about this hotel is the parking structure which is so confusing, especially when you're trying to find the valet. The valet guys are kind of unorganized and lazy. Should't be a direct reflection of the hotel itself so I won't hold it against them.
The Hospitality parlors are a fantastic venue at the Venetian Hotel.  My husband and I had our wedding reception there at it was fantastic!  The price was so reasonable and will definitely keep this place in mind for any future gatherings!!! The space can hold 50 people and has a dance floor and bar set up which included a bartender.  Also, the Venetian bartender made the most amazing Lemon Drop Martinis!  Almost 4 years later the guests are still talking about those drinks!!!
My boyfriend and I stayed in Vegas for FIVE days and the Venetian hotel was more than comfy. it was luxurious! We had a suite all to ourselves (because they had nothing but suites there); totally awesome. The room has a separate tub and stand up shower, the toilet has a door and private area away from the shower so you can handle your business, 2 sinks, a separate vanity area for you to get ready, huge mirrors in the bathroom and a full body mirror on the way out the hotel room so you can make sure everything about your outfit is Hawwtt! There's 3 TV's in the room, 1 in front of the bed, one in front of the couch, and one in the bathroom! . . We didn't spend much time in the room but when we were there to sleep for a few hours, we were knocked out. Woke up totally refreshed! . . The floors in the bathroom can be a bit cold because it's marble and the countertops are all granite. I wish I brought my house shoes!. . Cons: The hotel is sort of hard to find your way around because it's so huge. We were trying to eat at Bouchon (their French restaurant) and couldn't find it! Turns out it has it's own floor and so does the pool. Oh they charge $19/night for resort fee for internet usage and towels etc, even if you don't use it. However, I had my laptop and I tried their wifi, it's super fast! . . Overall, very nice hotel and the staff is super friendly. I couldn't ask for more. :)
LOVE ... LOVE ... LOOOOOVE this hotel!. I am a local and we decided to take advantage of the summer discounted rates and finally check out the rooms. Still not cheap by any means, but as God is my witness ... Worth. Every. Penny.  I have stayed at the Wynn before, and I think the Venetian has it beat on every level.. . I slipped the front desk a $20 and asked if it might be possible to get an upgrade, and he easily accommodated me with a beautiful Strip view suite in the Venezia Tower.. . I highly recommend the Venezia Tower for anyone interested in experiencing this hotel.  The Venezia has its own registration desk and it is much less crowded than the main front desk. But the BEST part of the Venezia Tower suites is accessibiity to the tower's private garden and pool area. What an elegant and luxurious pool area.  I spent some time taking pictures out there with my new wide angle lens and had a blast capturing the beautiful statues and greenery. . . Service at this hotel was amazing from start to finish. For example, when it was my turn at the front desk, a smiling young man greeted me in line and escorted me to the next open window. A very classy touch, I thought.. . Also, this is the first hotel I have ever stayed in where the temperature inside the room was perfect when I unlocked the door.  No waiting for an hour for the room to cool down, because they cranked the air up to 80 after the last guests left.. . Gorgeous view from our suite, beautiful decor, and elegant surroundings at every turn. The Venezia Tower lobby even has beautiful gaslight lamps on the walls ... with LIVE flames! Very cool.. . Waiting at Valet on the day of our departure felt a little like the day after Christmas ... Kind of a bummer.  Can't wait to return!
Such a beautiful casino.  I love it here.  The gondola rides are beautiful, a little pricey but what isn't in Las Vegas?
Always enjoyed the upscale and classy environment of the Venetian. Usually donate when I gamble, never a winner. The rooms are spacious and old world century decorated but still inviting. Love the food places, especially Noodles Asia! Grand Luxe is a good place to eat but the food takes long to arrive. They are currently doing some renovations which made my navigating a little hard since I thought I knew where everything was.
Loved every part of our stay at Venetian this labor day weekend.....The Venetian and Palazzo are by far the best casino hotels in the strip...not to forget Tao Beach and Tao Night club......
Well I stayed there back in '09 & it was absolutely beautiful & had this fabulous scent all throughout the hotel! The staff was very friendly & helpful to, which made our 1st trip to Vegas very memorable. I definitely want to repeat my stay there!
Oh Venetian! You are beautiful inside AND out :D. . My friends and I came here to meet up with my other friends who had a suite. The suite is pretty spacious and has a huge ass bathroom. . . I think this place is great for enjoying the Italian rustic setting with romantic touches in the architecture but for our Vegas weekend, it was definitely the place to pre-party it up!. . Only difficult situation about Venetian is that upon heading towards the elevators, there is a check-in kiosk that checks if you are a room card holder of the Venetian hotel rooms. Since we were invited and did not have a room card, they called my friend's room number and asked them about us and we got the OK to go in but the next time we came over, they told us that if we get one noise complaint from my friend's suite and there's more than 6+ people in that room, they will evict visitors and those booked in the Venetian. Luckily, we got away :D
I feel like the Venetian should have several different yelp pages because there is so much to talk about!. . LOVE the rooms. they are all suites so it's super spacious and I really like how you don't have to sit on your bed to eat or hang out because there is like a living room in each suite. . . Bathrooms are huge and there are tons of mirrors everywhere so it's the perfect place to stay if you have a group of girls.. . Another plus is the location!! Lots of restaurant/food choices downstairs. obviously tao and tao beach are located in the hotel too.. . oh no ipod dock..wtf?!? so make sure you bring one!
Best hotel I've stayed at in LV yet. Plenty to see and do no matter what time of the day :)
This was my second time staying here...The difference was that we had 2 connecting suites shared between 14 people, so there was plenty of room to go around.  The rooms were really clean and decorated very nicely.  There were TV's in the bathrooms, so you have something to watch while taking care of your business.  The only bad part is that the whole resort is kind of a maze that you have to navigate.  However, if you go through it once, you can find your way around pretty easily...even if you are a little inebriated...it is Vegas after all.  Overall, my group had a great experience here and the staff was really friendly (A security guard even took a picture with us a one point during our trip hahahaha!)  If I make another trip to Vegas, which is very likely, I would definitely stay here again!
My favorite Vegas hotel I've stayed at, probably because it was the nicest. Love the suites, could probably fit 6 easily with the 2 queen beds, and the couches in the separate living area. There were only 3 of us, so it was more than enough space for us. 2 large flat screens, table to eat in the living area, and a large bathroom. Only con with that is the see through shower (if you're shy in front of your friends, you can close the doors), bathtub, sinks, and a separate toilet area. Also, everytime you walk down to the lobby, you are greeted by the Bouchon bakery, which caused me to spend a ton of $ on the $3.50 macarons each day. Their Grazie player cards are also the most giving I feel as well. We had 3 days comped, so stayed for free, except for the resort fee. Bliss!
We loved this place! They had our room ready early. Huge sitting area for my family to gather and talk before we hit the town. Huge bathrooms with a pool for a tub. Body mirrors for the birds. My sister and I loved Tao and had a blast. Next time I wanna try the bistro. Oh ya and don't both looking for the string to open the blinds cuz it done by remote by the bed. 1 thing I think was weird was they had a mini fridge that knows when u take an item and it charges to the room that sec witch sucked cuz we like to use the fridge for our sons milk. Even next to the tv they had a bunch of boxes filled with candy....I was hopping my son would not knock these boxes over and be charged $100.. . After a day of being awake for 24 1/2 hours and waking up hung over and only 4 hour sleep ....the room service was amazing for breakfast. $76 but amazing! They charge 18% tip + $4 deliver charge. In the room there is a corner table and she came in sweet as can be and put a white table cloth down and did the whole table like we were in a 5 star restaurant. I'll post the picture of what it looked like
I fell in love with this place when I was in Vegas! The room was gorgeous! 2 beds, a sitting room, HUGE bathroom and beautiful decor! The minute you walk in, you cant help but keep stareing up! The art in this place is amazing! I love the gondola rides and the way they make it look like Venice inside! Casino was huge and full of very charasmatic staff. This is deffinetly my go to spot for future Vegas trips. . . It does however, get a little confusing in the hallways, set up like the canals of venice its kinda easy to get lost if your in a wandering mood like I was haha. Over all my favorite place! :) . . Oh, the bar at the pool was $60 bucks for like 5 drinks. Kinda a rip off, when the bars inside were half the price. $40 for a bucket of 6 beers outside, but inside regularly priced.
We had a great time while staying at the Venetian during our last visit to Las Vegas.   . . We were very pleased with the size of our room and how it was accommodated and laid out.   The bathroom was also very nice and we loved all the marble.   . . We found the service staff to be professional and very helpful, right from check in, to check out four days later.   . . We ate at several of the restaurants there and we were not disappointed at any of them.   . . Of course we did the gondola ride and that was fair... certainly  a must do at least once.   . . We also went to see the Phantom of the Opera, and this was certainly a 1st class act... great effects and outstanding should systems.   . . We would strongly recommend the, Venetian.
Love love love staying here when I'm in Vegas! The rooms are spacious and beautifully and tastefully decorated.  I feel so spoiled when staying here. No details are overlooked.  It's my number one choice for hotel in Vegas.
would we ever stay here? YES! could we ever stay here? YES! could we ever stay here and have money left over to eat like pigs, go out to clubs, drink like sailors? NO!. . it's so beautiful inside. of course, over the top vegas style and it's in a great location. so no, we didn't stay here, but we sauntered through acting like we did.
This is my first time coming to Vegas.  They make a great great great impression to me, and make me want to stay here next time. (I know it's expensive, but I want good experience too.). Anyways, this is the story.  I bought phantom ticket on ticketmaster.com, and I called to Venetian to verify the pick up place and all the info that I need to know before I watch phantom.  Their customer service was fantastic.  They are so patient and willing to help me and give me all the answer they can find.  . . Watch Phantom in The Venetian was the right choice.
Best craps dealers in Vegas.  Get here, get credit, and don't bother going anywhere else!!
My favourite hotel in the world, love the layout, love the food, love the suite, love the service. I can't fault this place. I have read negative comments but from my own experience it's a winner. The staff are great and it's always immaculately clean. I wish I could live there.
Every once in a while, I get a craving for the Venetian. I've stayed here with my family a couple of times and can never forget the wonder I experienced as a young teen walking into the beautiful marble lobby with the Michelangelo-type painted ceiling that I could get lost staring at. Also, the golden globe shaped fountain, and the blue sky painted ceilings one witnesses while walking through the hotel always amaze me. . One of the pluses of Las Vegas is the fact that every hotel seems to have created an "experience". Having been to Venice, the Venetian does a great job in recreating that experience - just newer, more compact, and with lots of gambling, lights, and entertainment.. I am always impressed by the sheer size of the suites (every room is a suite!) and the grandeur of each room. Though the Palazzo may be "newer and cleaner", I'm pretty sure that it is missing some facets of that original Venetian grandeur. There is less marble in the Palazzo bathrooms, that's for sure ;). Watching the magical Phantom of the Opera in this hotel only added to its mystique. Till this date, I have not experienced a more enthralling musical - and trust me, Vegas does it better!. Another plus of the hotel is the poolside courtyard. It is just far too relaxing and has a way of ridding pretentiousness of Vegas and just taking you to all the way to Italy.
This place is GORGEOUS!!!!!!  We stayed in the Rialto Suite the last time we were here.  It's huge!  We fit 7 of us very comfortably.  There is a really big bathroom that can fit all of us!  That was pretty cool, I didn't have to stop any cat fights.  :P. . The room itself is impressive.  It has a nice big foyer when you walk in, then 2 queen beds, a huge bathroom to the side and a sunken living room that can fit 3 along with 3 tvs.  This isn't the biggest room I've stayed in, but very comfortable.. . I've also stayed in the regular rooms numerous times and they are very fabulous, they have the same layout as Palazzo with the sunken living room.  Sometimes I forget where I'm staying ;). . I would definitelystay again.  Love it!!. . As for the hotel itself, it is beautiful.  Very classy and elegant.  They have nice restaurants such as Grand Lux Cafe, CUT and SUSHISAMBA.  Top restaurants without driving around.. . When your ready to take it off!!  Take off your shoes after dancing the night away, go to LAVO, its great!  Great music, jump on the tables ;), the table service is awesome!!  we NEVER had empty glasses... ahh, that's why I got so drunk...  :P. . Didn't get to try Canyon Ranch yet.  Will update.. . Anyway, what a way to spend the weekend!  :D
Love this place, walking into the front desk area, takes my breath away every time.  Seeing all the rich marbles and mosaics, love the look.  Here for a conference, and appreciated it in this venue, so I could stroll through one of my favorite casino's on the strip.  Perhaps one day I'll get to stay.
Came here for one purpose and that sole purpose was to ride the gondola!. $16 per person. You get a choice to ride indoor or out.. They got deals too to get your photo taken but they allow you to use your own camera if you'd like instead which is awesome.. We had a nice person taking us out. She stopped for us to watch the new christmas show which gave me a nice holiday chills. (in a good way) . It was a short and sweet ride, if you're out in vegas, you might as well go for it! :) . . They also have an ice rink outside. and Everyone around the hotel is really nice if you ever have questions for directions or anything at all.
Beautiful hotel with large suites and great amenities. One of the most beautiful ones on the strip in my opinion. Check in and check out was fast and easy and even though we were just there for two nights, it was worth it. The restaurants are great an plentiful and the tables are lucky. Good choice of clubs/lounges as well. Definitely recommend a stay here if you are in Vegas!
The Venetian is my second favorite hotel in Las Vegas!!! (sorry but the Encore at Wynn really took me away!) . The outside is gigantic! First time I ever went here, I was in awe for two minutes just seeing how tall this structure is. The inside has a luxuriousness to it that is really incredible. Sophisticated, nice, and tons of high end shopping. You better bring lots and lots of Franklins. . I've stayed her plenty of times and have stayed in the Bella Suite, Rialto, Piazza, and Renaissance. (Never stayed in the Penthouse, but hopefully one day!) . The Renaissance Suite is without a doubt the best!! Almost 2000 sq. ft, work out room, gigantic king bed, and a complete wet bar. Welcome to Heaven! . Make sure you get tickets to Blue Man Group and David Spade. Blue Man Group----stunning, outrageous, but hilarious! David Spade---- sarcastic, hilarious, and humorous. The concierges here are the best, however. They got me Blue Man Group & David Spade tickets in seconds, reservations for 7:00 at Delmonico, private evening gondola ride, and a tee time to Bali Hai! Great work Venetian, great work. . . I will come back here very soon, and I expect nothing less.
The suites are huge. TVs in living room, bed and bath. Did not miss any play in the game. . Rooms were clean and quiet. . Restaurants downstairs are overpriced for the quality served. Expected more from such a nice hotel. . Overall, great stay.
It was a dream turned reality to stay in this hotel. I remember when it was new and I wanted so intensely to one day stay here. That day came, and I did. :-)  it lived up to every aspect of my dream. The hotel was beautiful, beautiful scenes and statues. Seemingly authentic decor. I wasn't in the country of Italy and I haven't been to the actual country but it felt so real being here. As if I had escaped to Italy. The ceiling was made to look like the sky as we walked past the gondolas in the Venice canals. Our room was amazing, we could step down into the living area and there was a TV in the bathroom.  We truly felt like King and Queen and had the room to show for it!
Amazing hotel!! Great service, clean casino and we had a wonderful stay!!!!. . We stayed at the luxury suite for 5 nights and loved it! The suite is huge(well we live in manhattan so yeah very big!).... Have a separate area for us to chill, watch tv and have a good time... . . Bathroom is clean and spacious, with a tv an separate room for toilet. . . Overall, we had an amazing stay, relaxed and happy.. Another good perk about this place is there are a lot of restaurants in the resort it self and you can easily walk around and find good food!
No other casino like it. Canals in the resort! Outside too? Pretty cool.
Beautiful. Totally Vegas.
Okay, The Venetian is my new favorite hotspot in the Las Vegas Strip. There is so much whimsical entertainment to look at that it's hard to take in everything at one time. The coolest thing is that it's all free.
Just go. You're welcome.
Best hotel ever! This is one of the most beautiful places you could stay! The customer service is phenomenal, and once you see the decorations and the inside/casino and restaurants you won't be able to leave it! . . You are pretty much smack dab in the middle of the Strip when you stay here, and a cab ride would never cost more than ten bucks [tip included]. But that's if you even ever want to leave it! It features shows like The Jersey Boys, Phantom of the Opera, The Blue Man Group, a wax museum [which I must say has a pretty cool collection], and of course an amazing and spacious Casino. It also has a magnificent mall, two gondola rides throughout it's shopping mall, amazing fine dining restaurants [including one opened by Wolfgang himself!], little complimentary entertainment in a plaza like area, night clubs like Tao [which is an asian bistro restaurant during the day] and many many many more interesting things I could not remember no matter how hard I try simply because you just have to experience it all on your own! . . And now for the more technical aspects, the rooms are all suites as a standard. They're split level, come with three TV's, huge bathroom, amazing living room, computer desk, a fax, an extensive mini bar, beautiful big windows, and not to mention all the cute little extras like automatic curtains and amazing interior design [especially the bathrooms, there are a ton of mirrors for every angle, and girls do appreciate that!] . . Honestly I probably missed sooo much more but my point here is that this is a beautiful, comfortable, and super cleanly environment. I'm so satisfied I can't wait to come back!. . P.S. The gondola steerers sing too! Sooo much fun! Definitely worth it!
The Venetian is just fabulous!. . I have had many visits to Vegas but have always stayed at the MGM which is a fantastic spot to party and lay your head too... however, we switched it up this time for a bachelorette party and were not disappointed with all the amenities The Venetian has to offer. . . We booked two Luxury Suites on the 16th floor which boasted nearly 700 square feet of space per room. I especially loved the sunken in living room area complete with a comfy sectional couch, dining table and massive television. The oversized and luxurious bathroom was a nice touch for our room of 4 ladies too. Although, we didn't spend a significant time in our rooms, coming back to this was a wonderful incentive after a long day of debauchery.. . The grounds of the Venetian offer up spectacular dining options: hello snazzy French Bistro Bouchon, scrumptious Italian feast at Canaletto & casual yet delish Grand Lux Cafe! We had incredible service at Tao nightclub that included being escorted to the front of the line and complimentary bottle service for our gaggle of gals. What a beautiful club! The DJ was solid and so were the dancers and geishas splashing around in the bathtubs throughout the evening. . . Gambling was fun and the shopping divine. The Grand Canal Shoppes and The Shoppes at the Palazzo both offered up reasonably priced options such as Banana Republic or Marshall Russo alongside Barneys New York, Chloe, and Armani too! I could literally spend an entire day bopping around these retailers. . . Wished I would have had more time to take a gondola ride, visit Canyon Ranch spa, and check out the wax figures at Madame Tussauds. A summertime visit to enjoy the pool parties must be in the mix too!. . TIP: When taking a cab from the airport, make sure the driver avoids the freeway! Cost for the ride was $18 on our way to The Venetian but when a cabbie took us back to the airport, he took the freeway and our money too - $30. . No thank you.
I've stayed @ every hotel on the strip even downtown!. This is the best hotel ever.  You have to pay a little extra 4 the best!. I feel like im cheating on the Wynn/Encore. . .but my heart is always in love with this hotel!. I stayed here with a couple of friends 4 nye weekend.  . The beds r the BEST!!! super comfy! The suites are a great size!!!. I've stayed here numerous of times. . .. service is AMAZING! Housekeeping was super friendly and was always there when we needed them. . .. the chocolates were yummy also!. being "one of the boys" sometimes doesn't have its perks. . .in that being, I didn't like the shower was all glass. . . being the only female it was time consuming when getting ready if someone was in the shower! :P
My favorite hotel in Vegas. Nice decor, food court near by, great poker room, nice location on strip, easy morning routine for coffee, rooms always great.
How could I give my beloved Venetian anything less than 5 stars?. . The Venetian is freaking awesome. Home to one of the most comfortable beds I ever slept in, the spacious bathrooms, the crackin day & night club, and the tasty Bouchon and Grand Luxe. Venetian has it ALL. . . I love their huge rooms where you and your 10 friends can knock out practically anywhere in the room and not feel cramped after a long night of boozing and creeping at Tao, which is located right above the casino. Venetian finds a way to accommodate any guest, whether they're young bucks like myself or chronic gamblers. Lol. Basically, just stay here and you'll experience the greatness I've been rambling on about :)
Probably the best hotel we've stayed at on the strip.  Biggest 'suite' we've stayed at as well.  Really nothing bad i could say about the suites...just that the price is probably pretty expensive on peak times.  we stayed during monday to wednesday to get the best deal.  things we loved:  three hd tv's in the room.  one for the bed, one for the living room, and one for the bathroom area.  what more could you ask for.  bed was very comfortable also.  not to firm or soft, slept very comfortable.  i think most people know this is a awesome hotel...you really get what you pay for ;)
The Venetian has some of the best rooms (basic) in all of the strip. Every single unit in this hotel is a suite. So in the room depending on the # of beds, you could technically sleep up to 6 people. Which is a steal for college kids. . . But the suite is huge, has 3 flat screen TV's and comfortable beds. . . They have a great poker room and decent games, so i always enjoy myself here. . . As for food i'd probably eat elsewhere on the strip because the Venetian is not well known for foodies at least in my opinion. I would rather go to Wynn or Bellagio, and even MGM for that. . . But this is hands down one of my favorite hotels on the strip and as a past vegas junky i've seen my fair share of rooms and i'd usually stay here on almost any trip...
Stayed here for my friends 21st. *drool* we stayed on the top floor in the huge suites. we had a huge master bedroom, two bathrooms, a Jacuzzi tub, two shower head shower and three TVs. VERY nice :]. . I felt bad for the maids because we kind of trashed the place but at least we didn't break the door like someone down the hall did. . . The beds were really comfy and the room was always cleaned whenever we left.. . But they treated us like Kings & Queens except when we lost our key card. But i saw Questlove and posse it was really nice. Id definitely stay here again!!
We stayed here for a night last December and loved every bit of the "Venetian" experience. Our suite was big- 1600 sq feet, almost like renting an apartment for the night. We were in a room with two queen beds and one bath. Loved the shower stall, Jacuzzi and dressing room.  The gold and brass fixtures mixed with warm espresso colors of the furniture gave the effect of royalty!. . The restaurants at this hotel are a gourmand's delight! Loved the Taqueria Canonita. This restaurant is right next to the canal and affords a great view for outdoor diners. We went there straight after our gondola ride. I dug into one of the best lip smacking chile rellenos I have eaten so far. The queso fundido was yummmmm too, served with warm flour tortillas. We ordered a plate of wild mushroom enchilladas for our son. He has low spice tolerance and this dish was just perfect for him.  . . We also got a coupon during our stay  to use at the Grill Restaurant. We tucked into some delicious Italian food at this place the next day.. . The  winter celebrations at the Ventian are awesome. There is music by the Christmas tree  every evening and performances by people dressed in garb from yore.. . Check out the Blue Man's Group while you are here. It is an hour and a half long and my three year old was fascinated enough to sit right through it!!. . If nothing else, just wander around the Venetian, taking in the sights, revelling in the murals, sculptures  and colors around you. That alone, is worth 5 stars.
We stayed here with a big group of girls of a bachelorette party, and it was completely perfect. We stayed in 2 Bella Suites, and it was plenty if space for 9 of us. The rooms were giant so we could spread our overstuffed suitcases out, and there was a huge bathroom that made it easy for 4 of us to get ready simultaneously. . . However, don't stay here with people you're not close with. The shower is made of clear glass and anyone who comes in to use the toilet is going to have a graphic view of your bathing experience. Luckily we had all lived together before, so it was nothing new. . . It was too cold to use the pool, but it looked gorgeous. Also def appreciated that we did not have to brave the cold to go to Tao and Buchon. Well worth the price tag!
This is mainly for the Venetian event space/Sands Expo. Simply excellent crew working here and provides top notch services. The hotel Group Ambassadors are amazing, as well as the CSMs, banquet crew, security....everyone! . . The restaurants are all excellent, casino is fun as well .What a beautiful Venue. One of the best!
The Venetian is awesome! It's a gorgeous hotel! The room was very large compared to the other hotels I've stayed at. We were 5 ladies in a bella suite and it was pretty sweet! 2 Queens and a pretty big sofa. A lot of mirrors, which is important with a group of 5 girls! WiFi is included in your resort fee. The elevators play Phantom of the Opera! The show Phantom is closing this year :-( I saw it a couple years ago and it was great. My only minor complaint is that I ordered extra pillows and a blanket twice and the first time they brought me 4 pillows, no blanket. The next time I ordered a comforter, I was corrected that they have feather blah blah's and I'm like sure. So they bring up some sort of blanket. Not a really big deal. We went to Lavo and Tao and had a great time at both. I would stay here again.
Incredible rooms! Prices are incredible. And, everything is near by.
My favorite hotel in Las Vegas. Just because I love anything Italian related.. . My friends and I got a suite here and it was heavenly. The bed was big enough to fit 3 girls and the room had two sofas (one was a pull-out) which was just enough to fit 3 boys. The bathroom was splendid. There were three TVs, one in each room and a smaller one in the bathroom. The best part was the see-through shower stall, assuming no one would come in while you were showering, you could watch TV.. . I've walked around The Venetian dozens of times. I love the shopping mall because of the painted sky and the miniature canal running through the main plaza with the gondola ride is just too cute to boot. I've also seen The Phantom of the Opera show here and the theater was very nice.. . Needless to say I've also been to TAO and TAO Beach quite a few times as well. I feel like Tao is the staple club that I visit whenever I come to Vegas...it's alright. It gets crowded and the bathroom line takes forever but the atmosphere is pretty sweet. The dance floors aren't too spacey but that doesn't matter when you and your friends are up on the stage. ;] Tao Beach was nice. My friend had a hook up so we got a table and danced the night away with our hot bartender chica that poured us drinks and had fun with us. During the day it gets pretty crowded here but the food is bomb!. . I can't wait to come back to the Venetian.
This is definitely one of my favorite, if not my favorite, hotel in Las Vegas. The rooms are really nice, the gambling is good (not that I'm an expert on such matters), and the food (ok, I'm an expert on this) is amazing. Eat at Aquaknox...do it. And order lobster.
There are three things I look for when I book a hotel for Vegas.. . 1. Location on the strip. 2. Swag factor (I'm in Vegas). 3. Will I be able to find my hotel room late at night.. 4. Bathroom space and lighting. . Okay I lied, I look for four things.. . This hotel has all of that. It's closest to my favorite restaurants/clubs in Vegas, and the food court downstairs has saved me from dying hunger. The room is also VERY spacious with two queen beds and a couch section that can probably sit 6 people. I wouldn't recommend the room service though, it wasn't bad but don't expect anything as fancy as the hotel. . . The bathroom at the Venetian is my all time FAVE, and I do have to comment on this because I'm a girl. It's huge and four girls had an easy time getting ready at once without too much clutter. One section of the bathroom has a vanity and there are double sinks with lots of space in between. It has a shower and a bathtub as well as a separated toilet room.
the venetian is BEAUTIFUL!!!! walking in, felt like I shipped myself to europe for the weekend. It's nice here..great service, food, casino is nicer than most and lots of entertainment. What i loved the most about this place is their suite, and their security! Before you can take the elevator to your room, you gotta face the security guy and show him your room card. I think this is great, especially keeps out the rowdy kids from drunk parties. The lobby once you enter your floor is quiet and CLEAN. there's a huge comfortable lounge couch on each floor. We had the suite and it was AAAAMMMAAAZZZINNNNNGGGG. It blows off Harrah's cheap room and the bathroom was so beautiful. There were like tv's in each room! (+ for asian channel) . The downside is there's no free wifi.... . I would definitely stay here again. it's super convenient to do everything. it's in the middle of the strip..lots of good entertainment..good food..great atmosphere!
My favorite place to stay in Vegas.  Rooms are big and well designed.  Service is better than Bellagio or Wynn.  Casino is great, maybe a bit dated compared to Aria or Wynn.  Poker Room is among the best in town.  Restaurant choice and Canyon Ranch are outstanding.
I do not hand out five stars for many things, but this is the best hotel in Las Vegas. The Venetian has wonderful rooms, nice variety of restaurants, and a good vibe. I've never had a bad experience here (I've been to Vegas too many times to count) and I don't always stay here. If I am trying to impress, this is where you do it. . . Something about cucumbers, oranges and watermelon at the pool at 9 a.m. just sets the mood for great things to come. . . Don't bother with the Palazzo. Venetian will treat you just right.
The last time I was in Vegas, the Venetian hotel was just under construction so we never got to see it.. . Now that I finally got to come back to Vegas in Feb 2012, I got to see it for myself after hearing all the hype.  What a beauty!. . This is by far the nicest hotel on the strip outdoing Cesar's Palace which held this title for the longest time.. . The interior of the hotel has a beautiful outdoor setting of Venice is more like a huge mall rather than a hotel.  Beautiful shops, all the big names, classy restaurants, it has it all.  . . Bought some Godiva chocolates, Harley D shades, and a few other treats that we can't get back home.  . . One thing I noted is that many of the shops, even the high end shops have sale signs all over the place, like 50%-70% off for Gucci, Versace....wow.  Where were these sales back in 2000?  Too bad I didn't really need anything or else I would have gone shopping crazy!  Tons of bargains due to the lousy economy there now.. . Vegas baby, I will be back...and I won't take so long next time.
Another one of my top 5 casinos.  This place literally smells like roses!  Like freaking roses, people!. . Sorry, I had to get that out of my system.  . . A very large casino with plenty of touristy, sight-seeing things here.  A Sistine-ish ceiling, opera singers, a giant mall, tons of restaurants, gondoliers.  What more could you possibly want?. . Now that I'm a local, I come here more for the people-watching aspect.  I realize now I can't afford the shops at the mall, or the restaurants, or the ride in a gondola.... But it's still fun to just hang out.  And smell the roses.. . In all, an architecturally beautiful building that you can wander in for hours.  Minimal smoke smell.  A couple permanent shows and a venue for rotating singers and comedians.  You can find a few restaurants that are moderately priced (about $15 per entree, Grand Lux for example) and there is a food court in the mall near the parking garage.. . Located on the north side of the strip, connected to the Palazzo and near Mirage, Treasure Island, Wynn/Encore, and Harrah's.  A bit of a walk to the other casinos.  It can get really crowded on the weekends.. . I had stayed in a room about 5 years ago and they were large and beautiful.  Very romantic if that's what you are going for.  All their rooms are suites.
AWESOME upgrade to the suite and the room is so big and nice especially the bathroom I cannot leave this room!!! I paid more to stay at the encore and boy was I dumb. Next trip to Vegas I'll be here again for sure. Not sure about my luck gambling here but love the service the staff provide and the room is just awesome. That's all I have to say.
this hotel is pure decadence. the beds are delicious with down comforters and soft sheets, the bathroom luxurious with beige marble and gold accents, and the suite set up makes even us po' folks feel rich. . . walking through this hotel feels like you are taken back in time to some ornate venetian palace complete with sentries guarding the way. they kind of freaked me out late at night when i was coming home from the club but i was also glad they were there.. . the gym by canyon ranch is also really nice if you are weird like me and work out when you are in vegas. they also had a pretty reasonably priced little cafe in there serving healthy spa type eats.. . bottom line: love this place and will definitely stay again!
We got married at the Venetian on August 17, 2011 and used the hotels photography services.  We worked with Crissy FitzPatrick-Marble on our photography package and Anthony was our photographer and he did a great job.   All of our pictures were ready to view the next day and we were able to sit with her and look at everything and decide then what package we wanted to go with.  She made it very easy for us.  We went with the photo package that includes a disk with all of our prints and the copyrights to all of them and the DVD of the ceremony.  We also got an album, some 8x10s and specialty photographs, such as metallic paper, canvas and a gorgeous 3 piece panel to go on the wall.  If you can get all of these I would definitely purchase these items as they are made extremely well and look beautiful.  The album is beautiful; We got a clear acrylic cover and it almost looks like glass.  Everything was shipped to us and we had everything in our hands by November, which is really quick.  I know people who wait sometimes years to have everything completed.   If you need anything retouched or photo shopped they do it and do it well!  . . All in all I have to say that Crissy was one of the most pleasant and easy people to deal with at the Venetian.  The quality of everything is great and we love everything.  We highly recommend it!
What can I say - I landed at LAS, hopped in a cab and as soon as I arrived at the Venetian - I knew I was home! :) They are really giving my other top choice hotel (Bellagio) a run for their money. My last two trips to Vegas, I've stayed here and I must say - I am really enjoying this place although they are a little bit further down. It's a gorgeous hotel, with an abundance of retail and restaurants and connected to the Palazzo - you are in for a real treat. They seriously make it so you don't even have to go outside. I'm loving it and will of course be back!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel! I have stayed here every time I go to Vegas and have never been disappointed. The rooms are impeccable and the service is outstanding. The last time I went, my friend and I arrived about 3 hours before the check-in time and they still let us into our room!. . The atmosphere in the Venetian is amazing! What a fun/elegant feel that takes you outside of Vegas and into Italy. The location is wonderful and is right next to a Walgreens so you can pick up some cheap commodities such as souvenirs and bottled water.. . I loved the pool at the Venetian, and Riva by Wolfgang Puck is a must for breakfast purely for the atmosphere. The drinks by the pool are AMAZING as well. Don't forget to try the Spiked Bellini.. . Overall, this hotel definitely deserves a 5 out of 5 stars. It is a bit more pricey than many of the other hotels on the strip, but worth every penny.
the Venetian is a pretty amazing hotel, but alot of the hotels on the strip are!!! . . This to me was one of the better ones. As the inside is painted to look like the sky and they have Gondola boat rides.. . We didnt stay here, but we did the boat ride.. and that itself was great.
Venetian is one of my favorite hotels (with MGM Grand & NY-NY being my other favorites). It really is five-star quality in design, atmosphere, and it just gives you a nice feeling when you're there. The food is good and the Grand Canal Shoppes are amazing.
The place is beautiful and after the renovation it will be Gorgeous.. All the worker are happy & friendly. The air quality is good not a fog of smoke like other casinos. They're making the place brighter which I love. Don't like dark places, I need to see my chips and the dealer who is taking it or giving it to me better.. . Love the fact that all the rooms are big suites. Love their pizza place by the food court on the right side on casino level Enzo, my favorite pizza place in Vegas. . Poker room has free coffee & tea station. The poker tables are more roomy. Don't like it being soo tight & can't move. Love the fact their comp is the most, get $2. per hour and you can use it anywhere inside like cash.
Very fancy!  the suite is the way to go. Super huge rooms and you can fit at least half a dozen people in it. . . I stayed in the Venezia Suite Tower on my last trip, and holy smokes the room was like a castle for 3 people. Comfy beds, a big L-shaped couch (chicks dig it!) and a great view. I loved the layout because it reminded me a studio with the beds in the first area and the couch in the living area.. . The hotel itself is a masterpiece, lots of inspired art and decor. It just screams luxury. Casino is lit well and even though alot of people smoke, you don't smell it at all.. . Crowd consists of people who have alot of money and people who want to look like they have alot of money. LOL. So you can definitley call it upscale. I always feel like a small fish in the ocean when I gamble here, because my chip stacks of $1 roulette chips is nothing compared to the guy with the same sized stack but with $5 or even $25 chips lol. Not a place for novice gamblers! One of the higest limits of the strip, and you'll be pressed to find limits lower then $15 at night.. . As far as entertainment goes, theres Tao Nightclub in the evening time and Tao Beach for daytime fun. Quicktip! The cheapest way to get into Tao Nightclub is to eat there at dinner, and get a stamp. Definitley cheaper then simply dropping $40-$80 for cover and you can say you dined at a $$$$ restaurant lol.. . I prefer staying near the middle of the Strip where Caesars is, but Venetian is definitley on my top 3. Great crowds, great vibes, and great service! Definitley worth the experience!
Very gorgeous hotel.  The rooms that are "standard" are like an upgrade anywhere else in the US.  Easily - you could have a party in your room.. . Great place for nearly everything and its centrally located.  Rooms run around 235 or so a night.  Looking for a cheaper place?  Go across the street to Treasure Island where its about $125.. . Want a better room to say in?  Just ask when you check-in.... key - ask for the nice view.  Most of the time they will just upgrade you.
This hotel I stayed at was very good. I enjoyed my self and it is very clean, great customer service. If i needed any thing the staff was very helpful.
We scored a suite which consisted of an extremely comfortable bed, stand up shower, bathtub, three flat screen television, mini bar complete with your common hard liquors and mixers, and munchies.  The suites also have a living room area with two couches, a business "work station" with your own fax machine and internet connections, and DVD player.  . . This is the type of suite to host your pre-party event due to having enough room for your guests to do what you gotta do to start your night off Vegas style.  We spent the day at the pool (I forgot the name of the pool) I think there were two different pools at different levels.  The pool was beautiful and the poolside services were great.  The waitresses had prompt service offering food and drink.  The spa was also nice which was very relaxing.  . . What also mpressed me was the valet service.  They were super quick for being a "Strip" casino.  Overall a great experience.
Really nice hotel. The rooms were nice spacious and had three HDTVs. There is a lot you can do and see at the Venetian.
WHY YOU NO PUT ADEQUATE VENTILATION IN BATHROOM WITH TOILET!??!?!?. . Seriously? It seems like every hotel on the strip doesn't have a fan in the bathroom to suck out the smell of shit. If you are in Vegas with a bunch of dudes for a few days, somebody is bound to take a shit soon.. . Besides that, I have the Venetian 5 big ones because of the following: beautiful decor, comfortable beds, and every room is a SUITE!!! That last one is crucial. I love having a small living room area where the guys can socialize, drink and be merry. There's also a pull out sofa bed so everybody is comfortable. This place is definitely one of my go-to places in vegas!
The best hotel in vegas.. . I made love in the gondola. jk.
I have to talk up The Venetian - they really a truly fabulous.. . I got married here at the waterfall between The Venetian and the Palazzo and had such a great experience. We bought the Waterfall Serenity package with no regrets. We had a really great wedding planner named Caroline. That woman is amazing. Seriously, how she deals with all us brides is beyond me. She was so nice, and took care of everything. I'm from North Dakota, so having someone deal with everything so I just had to be there was so much less stressful. . . We had this really awesome accordion player who was so sweet, and made me laugh before the wedding when my nerves were fried. Our minister was also so nice, and funny as well! The whole thing was magical. Exactly how you would want your wedding to be. . . Then we stayed in the Prima Suite which was beyond our wildest fantasies. It had a huge living room and bar area which was perfect for the short wedding reception that we had after the ceremony, and a huge bedroom with lots of closet space. We had a dual-headed shower and a giant whirpool tub. My husband practically had to drag me home or I would have stayed there forever. . . The one time they did mess up our keys, they ended up giving us a nice discount off the resort fees for our trouble which was really nice. . . I would definitely stay here again!
This was my first time in Vegas and we booked a 1,980 sq ft room for a bachelor party weekend. The room was phenomenal and the staff was extremely helpful especially at 3am with food. Pretty key IMO. For those of you who are ultra wealthy and maybe a little older I found the refinements quite satisfactory and the ambiance engaging.
I love the Venetian and I love the Palazzo.  These are my favorite resort casinos to stay in.  If you want the old fashion Italian Venice feel, stay at the Venetian.  Their rooms have a much more old fashion Italian appeal to it.  The Palazzo is much more modern.  But both hotels have huge rooms!  If you get a double occupancy room, you can accomodate up to 7-8 people comfortably.  Every room is a resort suite.  Most of the rooms I have stayed in have amazing views from their super huge windows.. . Room service can take forever though, but then again I've only ordered super late like at 3am after I've come home from the nightlife on the strip.  The casino in this hotel has all the newest slot machines with a good range of denominations.  And of course my favorite macaron bakery Bouchon is here, as well as one of my favorite cafes; Grand lux.. . If you have a group of people, stay here.  Even if it's just you and your significant other, stay here.  Best place to sleep on the strip.  Your room is even big enough to preparty!. . One thumbs down is due to the toiletries in the bathroom.  They all stink!  Pack your own!. . Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (52/365).
gorgeous hotel with unparalled customer service.. . wish it was a bit closer to the center of the strip, but no complaints otherwise.. . will be returning. the suites are amazing!
In my opinion, this is the most beautiful of all the Vegas casino floors (and ceilings).  Followed closely by Caesar's, Bellagio's and Wynn's.  Just really incredibly gorgeous.
We booked the Rialto suite for our group of 4 and it was enormous. At 1,100 square feet, there were plenty of space to run around acting belligerent after a few greygoose shots. The room had two full queen beds, an L shape sofa bed, three flat screen TV's, and just a lot of space! The service again was excellent and I can not complain. I like how all the Rialto suites are in the front entrance to all the other suites after coming out of the elevator. I just wish with so much space, they could had provide the rooms with bigger flat screens.
Great Hotel !!! Never stayed there before but like to go there for drinks and dinner.......... sister hotel of pallazo great Hotels !!!
One of my all time fav hotels! The Italian replicas of the buildings and the sky are very impressive and beautiful. It does a great job making you feel like you are actually in Venice. Great restaurants, great shopping, the celebrity wax museum is an absolute must :)
LOVE IT.. LOVE IT... LOVE IT!!!!!.... we had the best of views, the service was great... really nothing to complain about.. well maybe on thing (I lost $300 here but that was probably my fault) ;) ... I had a great experience in this hotel
I remember very little of this trip. Yet I know the hotel beds were nice and the pool was great. Don't take your drink into the middle of the pool, for some reason its designated the no fun zone and the lifeguards will whistle at you incessantly.
If u decide to stay on the strip, there is no better place!  Great for couples too!  Poker room best in Vegas, although aria is close, but Venetian is huge and lots of great service.  Love the restaurants too. Best steak in Vegas is at Delmonicos!  Keep up the great work Venetian.
This was my favorite Place on the strip. A nice chance. Plus a calming feeling in a city of constant noise and chaos. Even in the crowd, I felt I had my own experience here. Great place to shop, eat, visit, or play! Check it out.
By far the best hotel I have ever stayed at on the Strip!  It's the most luxuriously classic hotel with tons of restaurants, quick bite eateries, attractions, and MUSIC!  Sadly, the Phantom of the Opera is ending in Sept. 2012 *SAD FACE* Definitely going to miss hearing the soundtrack blasting throughout the entire hotel.  Grand Lux Cafe for late night food FTW!!!  First Food & Bar (on Pallazzo side) has a photo booth!  Bouchon bakery is right by the elevator!. . Love that all of the rooms are suites.  Came for a birthday bash and got a Bella Suite (2 Queen Beds only) that was connected to another Bella Suite.  So convenient!  We had a great view of Palazzo and Tao Beach.  No mini fridge and our lock box was broken but not a huge deal.  Beds are SUPER comfortable and the pillows are fluffy.  The sofa bed is actually pretty comfortable as well.  Beats the one at Vdara.  . . Visuals are better than words (excuse the commentary...lol): . . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQcF-REnUG4&feature=youtu.be. . I miss you already.
LUXURIOUS suites!!!. . if you're lucky, you can have two rooms joint together for your group!!!!!. . One surprise was the L shaped couch actually has a pull out BED! Though the person sleeping on the bed said the sleeping on the couch was much more comfy than the bed. Lol. . . The rooms are located right next to grand lux cafe and the bouchon bakery ( my love), so it is really hard not to find the elevator access to the rooms! ( unless you are very very drunk...., then again that's common since it is in VEGAS)
We had a great time staying at the Venetian. The rooms were beautifully designed. Very spacious. They have an excellent gym/health facility, and their fine dining restaurant. Be sure to visit the Bouchon bakery to try their specialty drink and baked goods. I can't wait to come back
The Venetian is the epitome of luxurious Vegas hotels. I was lucky that The Venetian was selected as my hotel after booking a 5 star hotel on Hotwire. This was for my birthday weekend, and they offered to upgrademy luxury suite to the hospitality suite for a low additional cost. . . Our suite was twice the size of a luxury suite with a bar and double door entrance to a beautiful bathroom. My experience here definitely made my birthday weekend simply amazing! Service is always superb and staff was very friendly and attentive. I always recommend rooming here, especially if it's for a special occasion or if you just want to splurge for the luxurious experience.. . Great location towards the North end of the Strip. Close to all my favorite places so cab fare is never a killjoy.. . And of course, one of the best things about The Venetian is that Grand Lux Cafe is downstairs and open 24 hours!
Just got back. My husband took me for my birthday. It was a surprise. The greatest surprise ever. We drove up. The hotel is amazing. He got a suite. The suite was beautiful. The bed was comfortable. I dont get great sleep but the two nights we were there, it was pretty good sleep. The pillows were really comfortable. The lotion they have in the rooms smell great. The carmel apples were pricey and unfortunately it melted on my way home but Im sure it would have been good. My husband loved the gelato. I highly recommend this place.
Wonderful resort! My buddy and I went last week for my birthday and it was such a great experience. The place was very clean and had a great set of lighting as well as wonderful rooms. We had a sunk in living room next to the bedrooms Nd we were able to enjoy the wifi and tv at all areas of the room. The weighted mini bar was interesting as well but I am told that is the norm to cut back on people stealing from a room and refilling with cheaper items. Great staff, Amazing shows, wonderful food and an experience everyone should have.
Stunning. One of the very best hotels I have ever been in. The suites are massive, the king sized bed comfortable and the bathroom is just stupendous. I found the staff friendly and helpful. I got a free upgrade to a Strip view room and a completely hassle free checkin. . . The wifi is paid but it's part of the resort fee and it is very fast and very stable. . . Love the voucher book and savings coupons a checkin - especially the one that saves me money at the Canyon Ranch Spa. Great eateries, excellent shops and a gorgeous set up. Love this place and will be back here in an instant!!
I've stayed at ALL hotels on the strip. Even when Stardust and Frontier was around. I've encountered the atmosphere, the check-in lines, the restaurants, the pools, and the nightclubs of these hotels. HANDS DOWN, Venetian & Palazzo has the best to offer in luxury. Yes, there are clubs better than TAO, and better restaurants than the Grand Lux, but those hotels with don't have great service or great decor or rooms as the Venetian. It's like some hotels focus on one great trait (day club, night club, room accommodations), but the Venetian has it all across the board. Tables are loose, Rooms are suite, family side of pool and adult side. Cosmo is catching up though...but yeah The Venetian is definitely tight butthole
Really pretty theme casino.  Excellent food in the cafes & great shopping.
One of my most favorite places in the world is Venice. So of course, the Venetian Casino is one of my all time favorite places to be at here in Vegas! I just spent the last two hours roaming the canal shoppes, and savoring the wonderful food. All the thrills of Venice, "without the smell & flocking birds"!
Stunning. One of the very best hotels I have ever been in. The suites are massive, the king sized bed comfortable and the bathroom is just stupendous. I found the staff friendly and helpful. I got a free upgrade to a Strip view room and a completely hassle free checkin. . . The wifi is paid but it's part of the resort fee and it is very fast and very stable. . . Love the voucher book and savings coupons a checkin - especially the one that saves me money at the Canyon Ranch Spa. Great eateries, excellent shops and a gorgeous set up. Love this place and will be back here in an instant!!
Great hotel with amazing hospitality service. Loved the stay. Loved the casino. Loved phentom of the opera! Can't wait to go back. P.S Tao was excellent!!!!!
As I was using the ladies restroom in the main floor, I felt like dancing. . I'mmm sure you can see the visual...
I absolutely love this hotel and casino. I've stayed at the Venetian or the Palazzo for almost all my Vegas visits the past 3 years or so, mainly because my siblings get specials for being frequent guests. Customer service is always top notch when checking in, and the rooms are very nice and comfortable. The hotel and casino itself is located roughly a bit past the halfway mark of the Vegas Strip, so it's a breeze being able to go to the other nearby casinos, such as the Treasure Island, Mirage, and Caesar's Palace. The food choices are also really cool. You have formal dine-in restaurants, as well as two food courts for when you're just looking for a quick bite. Make sure to check out the Grand Lux Cafe, grab a drink at the Sin City Brewing Co., and relax with a nice brew poolside!
Beautiful hotel! The best in Vegas (from what I have stayed in). The rooms make you feel like royalty. And the location is perfect. The venetian has all the best restaurants, bars, shops, EVERYTHING. I could probably just come to Vegas and spend a whole weekend just at the Venetian. The rooms are a bit expensive, but trust me, they won't disappoint. The pool is also very nice.
The Venetian is one of the original 5 star hotels in Vegas.  While a decent premium over the regular hotels, the luxury, comfort, and class of the Venetian is well worth the price of admission.  Each of their standard rooms is about 75% larger than most other rooms on the Strip, and maybe even twice the size if you include how large the bathrooms are!. . When one walks through the Venetian Hotel, you won't smell smoke wafting through the casino air, nor will you see drunken youths meandering around the premises (at least, not for too long).  The Venetian staff is very professional, and every time I've asked for directions or questions about the hotel, they've been able to provide accurate and simple answers.  While I am not a gambler, the tables @ Venetian are well-designed & make you want to dress up just to gamble. The best one can do is look classy while losing money :P. . The hotel rooms are great for group trips to Vegas as they can EASILY fit 6-10 people (depending on one's girth, though people will have to sleep on the floor).  Futhermore, the rooms are packed with an assortment of furniture bits that one can easily transform into sleeping device(s).  For example, this past weekend, I moved two ottomans side-by-side and formed a 3/4th bed for myself to sleep on. Yes, my feet were dangling or positioned upwards, but hey, it was comfortable and I didn't need a mattress! (I was also intoxicated....so that made it alot easier)  The bathrooms are probably the best part of the room as they have separate showers and a huge tub, dual sinks, a 20" LCD tv, and a separate bathroom stall (so people can stink up just that room, rather than the entire bathroom lol). . As for shopping options, if you are a baller and have plenty of $$$ to blow through, the Venetian has a huge assortment of high-end establishments that a rich mofo could spend to their hearts contents.  An actual lagoon & Italian-inspired gondola allows you to take a romantic sojourn through the clear waters of the Venetian Hotel, which are undoubtedly cleaner and safer than that of actual waters in Italy.  Who needs Europe when you have Vegas?. . Pretty much, the Venetian is THE best place to stay and party in as the ample space allows for many more options than a standard Vegas room @ any other hotel (with the except of Wynn...which is a close 2nd)
Sabeenie likee. A lot. I recently spent 2 days at this hotel during my wild romp in Las Vegas in honor of the market losing a fine young female specimen. This hotel is grand. In a very comfortable sort of way. It certainly fulfills the Italian gaudiness in all of us by way of decor and ambiance. It certainly is one of the cleaner and more refreshing hotels on the strip. I liked that I wasn't gasping for oxygen as I strolled around. . . Hospitality was superb. Every call/inquiry for anything was answered in a timely fashion. Every employee I encountered treated me with courtesy  and respect.. . The hotel is clean. Hallways are expansive. Elevators are spacious with enough mirrors for any wicked queen. I appreciated the safety precautions of guards requiring patrons to show room keys before gaining access to elevators up to their suite. . . This was the perfect choice for my wild romp in Vegas.
(Same review as Palazzo). Hotel was awesome.The room has 3 tvs and 3 beds.The rooms were very big about 600 Sq Ft average deluxe room.Venetian/Palazzo have been the nicest hotels I have stayed in.Great service,housekeeping,and rooms.Average rooms are over 210$ a night and that is very pricey for me,but other than that,this is the best hotel I have stayed in.
Stayed in the Prima Suite for the weekend.  AMAZING.  Check out the floor plan on their website.  Love that Bouchon is in the building!  Never have I stayed in a room so nice...  Anyways, Tao Beach is the only beach club I've been to and I thought it was really fun.  Some friends were nice enough to share a cabana with us so that probably helped a LOT.  It's also a plus that they have a 24hr pizza joint.
One of my favorite hotels in Las vegas spent six days in the summer we had an amazing time. Rooms are well kept. Only complaint is housekeeping comes too early or too late and depending who you get they either do an amazing job or just rush through. Front desk was very helpful and courteous. Concierge helped my husband and I every time we had a question. The hotel is going thru some construction and some areas are covered which makes for longer walks but they have people to help you get around. If you don't want to hear the TAO pool party all day ask for rooms on other side we were way up on the 28th floor and could still hear the party all day long.  Perfect place to get around the strip and the grand canal shoppes make it so easy to stroll and get to the palazzo and even the wynn from our hotel. They had Carnavele going on and had music and shows to entertain us. We honestly didn't need to leave the hotel if we didn't want to they had so much to do. Hotel is kep immaculate and has many restaurants that you don't' have to leave. For a quick breakfast Grand Lux is located downstairs and easy access. There is also a food court in the grand canal shoppes.  Room itself has three tvs and a very spacious L shaped sofa, desk and table with four chairs. Bathroom is very spacious. i was able to get a summer special including airfare.
If you get a chance, one of the best LV NV resort experiences. Even room service is like eating out at a 4-star restaurant.
I've been staying at the Venetian or at the Palazzo 2-3 times a year for a week at a time for at least 5 years.  I've stayed at Wynn, Mandalay Bay, The Hotel, etc.  I keep coming back to Venetian / Palazzo for these reasons-. . -Wonderful service. -Large Suite rooms. -Fantastic restaurants!  SushiSamba!!! Even the cafe is owned by Cheesecake Factory.. -Great food court, reasonably priced near registration for those quick meals.. -2nd most popular poker room in Vegas after Bellagio.  Huge...lot's of action!. -Connected to the Palazzo...you can use all their amenities as well!. -The canal shops, what don't they have?. -I frequently bring my kids, the Venetian is the best hotel on the strip for kids.  The canal shops have artists and performers to entertain the little ones as well as adults.  The gondola rides are great for the kids.  The smaller Venezia tower pool is the perfect kid hangout featuring a regular pool and a heated pool all away from the huge party pool area. Bouchon is located next to the pool... mom and dad can order amazing french food brought to you poolside.  The pirate show at TI is right across the street and performs many times during the day.  On my most recent trip the kids had balloon animals made and their faces painted every day for free.  My kids are entertained all day, every day at the Venetian.. -Fashion mall is right across the street if you need a Nordstroms or anything in particular that can't be found in the Canal Shops.. -The rear entrance off Koval makes it easy to avoid the strip.. -2 valet locations, not counting the Palazzo. -Tao nightclub. -Easy freeway access off Spring Mountain. -Resort fee includes free wifi. . The entire premises is beautiful!. . Negatives. -I think the rooms will need a remodel in a few years to look as good as the Palazzo or Wynn.. -The TV's in the rooms used to be considered large when first installed but now feel small since everybody now has a 50" plus.. -The main valet at the front regularly takes 20-30 minutes to fetch your car.  This is my biggest complaint.. . I just can't find another hotel on the strip that offers as much as the Venetian / Palazzo!
My husband and I and our 18-year-old daughter wanted to get away for a couple of days midweek to celebrate both their birthdays.  We booked the least expensive room at the Venetian.  On previous trips we had stayed at the Bellagio and wanted to see what another hotel would be like.  . . From the moment we arrived in the beautiful lobby, we knew this was the right place to be.  We were pleasantly surprised to find that our room was spacious and lovely, even for three of us.  My daughter slept on a pull out sofa for no extra charge and said it was perfectly comfortable.  Our king size bed was wonderful.  We also could not hear any noise through the walls or in the hallway each night we slept there.  . . When we opened the curtains, we had absolutely no view, but since we weren't there to stay and admire the scenery it didn't matter to us.  A plus was being on the fourth floor, which is the same floor as the pool.  All around very accommodating, extra towels handed to you as you enter the area.  There are plenty of lounge chairs and it was not hard to find a place to sit, unlike some hotels where there aren't enough for all the guests and people "save" them all day with their belongings on top.  . . My brother and his teenage son also came along on this trip, andalthough they asked for a non-smoking room, the previous guests apparently puffed away.  They were offered another room right away, but decided to stay in that room because they were tired.  The hotel put some kind of ionizer in the room and within a couple of hours the smoke smell was gone.  We asked for extra blankets and a few others things while we were there and everything arrived very quickly. . .  Another plus is the valet area in front of the hotel.  It was very easy and not time-consuming to wait for your car.  This is one of my complaints about the Bellagio Hotel, by the way.  While it is a beautiful hotel, you could die and have your funeral in the time it takes them to retrieve your car, and waiting in their covered, underground-ish valet area in the summer might hasten your demise.  . . Getting back to the Venetian, the casino areas were not overwhelmingly smoky like some of the other hotels.  For a restaurant meal the first night (hubby's birthday) we asked the hotel to recommend something.  We wanted a nice but not extravagant dinner.  They recommended First Bar and Grill.  When we found it, we thought, "Aha, they are recommending this because it is away from the shops and gondolas so probably these restaurants need more business."  There were only a few other diners.  Well, it turned out to be the best meal we had on the trip, with lovely, friendly, attentive service.  I had the coconut red snapper which was a thick flaky large chunk of perfectly cooked fish, with an amazing curry sauce.  My brother had a steak which he liked, and hubby and daughter both had fish and chips.  . . The second night we ate at Postrito, the Wolfgang Puck cafe in San Marco Square, also very good.  The only negative about that was altho' while making the reservation I had said it was my daughter's birthday, instead of giving us a nice table where we could easily see the singers and performers they sat us in the back.  . . For breakfast both days we ate at Bouchon up on the 10th floor, where we all said we had the best breakfast in years both times.  (Coffee not quite hot enough, tho').  The eggs poached medium were amazing.  If you get them on the brioche the butter sauce sinks into the brioche, but if you get them with a baguette (better choice), the eggs come sitting in the butter sauce with the baguette on the side.  They make their own butter.  Surprisingly, ordering a la carte was less expensive.  Even my fussy daughter was happy with her choice, the sourdough waffles.  My nephew had the French Toast, which was served like a custard with caramelized apples inside.. .  All in all, a wonderful stay.  Everyone from the bellmen to the valets to the waitstaff and so on were a class act.  Will stay there next time, and prefer this atmosphere to the very nice but not-as-much-fun Bellagio.
I have stayed at the Venetian several times over past couple years. . The service of the hotel never fails to displease.. . They brought us a fridge, several extra amenities like humidifier and power strips.. . Rooms: Huge rooms for price and everyone gets a suite.. . Room Service: food is always good and portions are huge.. . Casino: Clean and good dealers. everyone is polite and they keep the douchebag filters pretty high.. . love staying here and will HIGHLY recommend.
Beautiful hotel/casino/resort. The shopping area and Italian structures/ceiling design are spectacular. The Gondola ride is lots of fun. Absolutely one of the resorts you need to stop by while in Vegas.
Definitely a swanky hotel! I've luckily been able to get good deals each time i've gone there!. .  The room are huge - but always seem like a waste, cause you are never there long enough to enjoy it to the max!. . Free internet in the rooms now - score!. . A room facing in will have limited cell signal due to all the concrete, cinder block, this time we faced the pools and strip!. . And hello - remote control blinds - how frikin fun is that!. . Elevators move pretty quick, which is nice.. . No easy way to get from parking to your room, but they don't want you to leave, so that's ok!
Beautiful hotel.  Great service with fully stocked amenities inside the room and outside in the resort.  Just don't take anything out of the fridge.  It's the first time I heard of a $9 M&M bag.  Good thing they reversed the charge as a courtesy. lol. . Got the deal for a suite at ~$600 for 3 nights.  Not all suites are made equal, however.  We had 2 connecting suites and one has a much nicer bathroom than the other.  Will definitely come again!
Stayed here for a few days in June and had a great room.  They're all "suites," so you can't go wrongin room selection.. . Tips:. * Unless you are staying at The Venetian for business or plan on spending a good amount of time in your room, DO NOT splurge for any of the upgraded rooms when you're checking in.  Their basic rooms are swankier than most other casino resort rooms.  When you check-in, they'll bring out a big binder of rooms and lists of amenities, but the upgrades are expensive.  Given that you'll be out and about a lot, you probably won't use all the extras unless you plan your day around returning to your floor for whatever cocktail or hors d'oeuvre reception they're having.. . * The rooms are not really suites, in the sense that they're separate rooms.  It's essentially one very large room with a few steps and a divider leading into lower level seating areas with large sectional sofas and a couple of tables.  The bathroom, compared to most of the other casino resorts on the Strip, is nirvana--a soaking tub, shower, toilet closet, and large vanity with two sinks.  It's spacious and beautiful.  The bathroom hospitality amenities are nice.  There's a robe for you to enjoy, but the towels are washed in bleach and feel cheap and scratchy.. . * At most hotels, the hospitality bar is inside a cabinet or fridge.  At The Venetian, a few things are out on a pressure sensitive box.  DO NOT even pick anything up to look at it; charges are automatically billed to the room.  Remember the scene at the start of "Raiders of the Lost Ark" when Indiana Jones picks up the solid gold idol, then the darts start shooting at him?  Same theory here, except your room bill will get the darts.. . * You can ask for a good view, but you probably won't get it unless you're lucky or pay for an upgrade.  So that you're not close to the elevators or looking down at just rooftop, ask for the highest floor available and--if you don't mind walking 100-foot hallways--near the ends of the hallways.. . * The casino isn't all that great for gaming.  The casino was in the middle of a major re-set of machines and walkways when we were there.  It'll still be a relatively smaller gaming area compared to other casino resorts.. . * The pools are not heated and can seem chilly.  My guess is that they're around 80-82 degrees.  Be ready for a mild shock if you're not used to it.  Otherwise, the main pool is large and had lifeguards when we were there.  Check for pool hours; the main pool closes at 5 or 6pm.  Also, like most other Vegas resorts, the water depth averages a paltry four feet max, so you won't be able to lap swim.  There are a couple of "adult" pools that charge a separate admission--adult, meaning a smaller pool with a little more intimacy and topless, loud music and poolside drink service.. . * The fast food court on the second level is convenient and has a decent selection of fast food shops.  It's clean, open late, open to the public and offers great food options.  Speaking of food and necessities, there's a large, well-stocked Walgreen's about a 10-minute walk away, reachable through the hotel.  The first floor food court next to the casino had a smaller, expensive mix of fast food restaurants.  If you don't like tobacco smoke, go to the second level food court.. . * The Internet connection was fine but a tad spotty.  Don't expect T1 speeds or even DSL speeds.  It's fast, but it's probably not as speedy as what you might have at home.  It's the same unwritten mantra at other casino resorts: they want you downstairs playing the odds in the casino and not updating your Facebook pictures or downloading apps.. . * If you're from a place that has tobacco bans in bars and restaurants, prepare yourself and your lungs for non-stop smoke at The Venetian and most other casino resorts.  The only place you usually can't smoke is in your hotel room, and even then you'll swear you smell cigarette smoke.  The family-friendly approach of the 90s and the sex/VIP approach of the 00s are gone from most casino resorts.  The 10s are all about bringing in gamblers from smoke-happy Asian countries, and they smoke ad nauseum, ad infinitum.  Again, prepare yourself.  . . * Make the effort to spend some time in the entrance lobby to snap a few pictures.  They put a lot of effort into making this area look fabulous, and it's sumptuous.  Best time to visit is during the wee hours at night or very early in the morning...if you're up that late or early.
One of the prettiest hotels in Vegas. Gorgeous decor. You can't go wrong with this hotel. It sure lives up to its hype.
This place was amazing!!!!!!  So beautiful and elegant!!  The room was huge and we got a complimentary upgrade where we had an awesome view of the volcano infront of The Mirage.  Very awesome experience.
Stayed here a few times and loved it.  Loved the way they decorated the suite rooms.  Loved staying at this hotel and satisfied every single time.. . There is so much to do within the hotel.  The shoppe within the hotel are open late, so you don't even have to leave the hotel if you don't want to.  The only thing I wish it had was a buffet, so I didn't have to go another hotel to get my buffet on.  Will definitely be coming again.
By far my favorite place to stay in Vegas to this date.  I've stayed at other hotels including Encore and would rather stay here.  Their "all suites" rooms are seriously awesome.  The bathroom is very large and they've got TVs in the bathroom, bedroom, and living room area.  I also like that their sunken living rooms as it makes the room feel even larger. They've got a great selection of shops and restaurants including Bouchon Bakery which makes awesome pastries and Parisian Macaroons.  How the Venetian scored this place instead of Paris Hotel is certainly a mystery, but it sure makes the Venetian a better choice!  Pool area is set up like a typical European Garden.  Wish they had real grass instead of turf as that is really hot to walk in during the summer.  Also, the one large pool gets very crowded which made me question the cleanliness of the water, but it was fairly relaxing regardless.  It's nice that they have various areas with beach chairs that are smaller so you don't feel like your at the pool with 1,000 people even though you are.  They put a lot of thought into the architecture of the place as it is very Italian, and very romantic.  The check-in staff was great and upgraded us from a smaller suite to a larger one for free.  I hope to stay here many, many more times!
It doesn't get much classier and nicer than the Venetian.  The casino is gorgeous and the canal shops are great.  THe service is fantastic and the restaurants are yummy.   I have not stayed here personally so I can not comment on the rooms but if you are going to Vegas and want to check out the sights you really should add this casino in to your itinerary.
One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas.  Free wi-fi with the resort fees.  Free wi-fi in the food court.  Very nice rooms and very helpful staff.  The room has nice extras and extra large.  Highly recommended.  Nice Casino, Nice Food Court, Good shopping; nice shows available to see also.
My all time favorite hotel. Its beautiful, brilliant and well crafted. The gondolas are so lovely. This is the best looking hotel, its clean and lively with a great touch of class.
I love my suite, I believe we stay in the Bella suite. It's very roomy and comfortable. Its around 700-800 sq ft. This is now Vegas suppose to feel.... It was the best hotel room compare to many other places I have stay at.. Our room had two pillow top queen size bed with the most comfortable sheets, I want to say its Egyptian cotton. Two flat screen TV, not including the one in the bathroom, there's one in the living room and one in the sleeping area. The living space have a dining table, private work area with telephone and printer copier, but also a L-shaped sofa that have a pull out bed. Cool thing about the room was that there was a remote control that open the shades and close them. The bathroom is huge, its like 1/3 of the size of the room and it have a standup shower and a roman tub for soaking... it was very spacious with an area for the ladies to sit and put on their makeup. My husband thought it was cool that there was a phone in the bathroom (Like Joey from Friends)... . The pool was nice too, it wasn't crowded like other pools I have been to. They only allow hotel guest and there wasn't many kids. The kids were in the sitting pool area, so I was able to relax and I don't get splash laying near the pool. I would definitely come back to Vegas and stay at the Venetian if given the opportunity again.
O-M-G this hotel is amazing. I stayed here a while ago. The suites are fancy and classy with three TVs. One in the bedroom, the living room, and the bathroom. No need to fight for the Tv when you are staying with 2 or more people who wants to watch different things.
This is my fav. hotel in Vegas. I stayed here 4 times and had a great experience every time. It may not be the newest hotel but provides the "complete" total package. All the rooms are suites with a living room, elevated bedroom and nice bathroom (with two Plasmas in the bathroom). I love the couches in the rooms, very comfortable. Service is always good. Hotel is very clean. Great combination of restaurants, bars and casino. Huge spa and gym that can use for free - I read this is the best gym on the strip. It connects to the Encore which also has a great mix of restaurants and bars. . . Highly recommended from a self proclaimed Vegas expert :)
First time ever staying at the Venetian. Last time in Vegas, I was at the Palazzo (which is next door). Both layouts are very similar. What I really love about this hotel is that all the rooms are suite styled = more space for the duration of your trip! There are three tv's in your room, one in the living room, bedroom and bathroom (for when you shower or take a bath). Another great thing about the Venetian is how close it is to a lot of great things to do. You are near the Wynn (great for clubs), Treasure Island and other casinos for shows, Fashion Show Mall to spend all your winnings, and just in a centralized area to walk on the strip.. . If you're looking for good stuff to eat, room service is a little pricey but really delish! We had the chicken wings. Also good choices are Bouchon and Grand Luxe.. . Another huge bonus is how awesome these beds are!! They literally make you feel like you're sleeping on a cloud. All in all, The Venetian is a comfortable, classy hotel with great restaurants, access to a lot of things to do, spacious rooms, good view, numerous swimming pools, and great service. What more can you ask for?!
Top notch hotel. Service is great, staff is friendly. The rooms are clean and kept up. Beautiful hotel, definitely lives up to the Vegas name.
The twin brother, the Reemis to The Palazzos' Romulus, if you will.  These two properties are connected and share the Canal Shops. One of the nicest properties in Las Vegas. The pumped in lavender helps to disperse the cigarette smoke. There is a great selection of restaurants as well. But a word of caution, Gentlemen do not think for one second that you can get out of taking your significant other to the real Venice by going here. Why not stop by and take ride in a gondola. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I have stayed at this resort, partied at this resort and been entertained at this resort and I have nothing negative to say unless that it's so expansive you have to wear really comfy shoes.. . The rooms are beautifully appointed and generous in size.  The staff is always on point and very helpful.  The pool areas  : ) and let's not forget the canals and all the shops around there.  Add to it that they now have one of my new favorite spots to haunt (Bourbon Room).. . The Venetian is "as good as it gets"  Extra points that this is one place that actually looks better than it's namesake.
This is probably the best managed, most beautiful Hotel in Vegas. The rooms are spacious and beautifully decorated. The staff is knowledgeable, professional, and well trained. It was a pleasure to stay here! . . Every aspect of my experience here was 5 Stars.
I need to...like...live here! Lol..again..I was here looking for a job but I have been here several times. I did the gondola ride many years ago. I just want to eat pasta all day. All that's missing is the Tuscan sun! I have never stayed at the actual hotel because we usually get the "basic" hotels for free..I'm broke..so yeah. I just need to live here & it will solve my dilemma.
I can't decide if cosmo or Venitian is a better hotel, but I have been going to this hotel for 8 years now. . . They're customer service is grand, the grand lux cafe along with there steak houses make this one of the best hotels on the strip.. . They're standard bella suit is 600sq ft which is much bigger than the standard rooms of Aria, Bellagio, Cosmo has 620 sq ft in the terrace studio but their standard is the city room.. . The customer service inside this hotel will make you want to stay here over and over. All the pit bosses have a good attitude. . . There is nothing more you can ask for in a hotel.. . It's also a perfect place to go with a loved one, they're cannals are one of the most romatic things you can do in vegas.
I LOVE the Venetian and Palazzo... The rooms are beautiful and the Gym is Amazing.... Going back to my regular LA Fitness after a vacation here is a bummer.
I've written before that I'm very picky about my hotels and this one did not disappoint! I had a great time and truly enjoyed this hotel.. . Great room though the bathroom is not great logistically great if you are sharing your room with someone (the shower is see through), but other than that -- I have no real complaints. Great sized room; and the hotel had great decor and a wonderful pool (best during the week before the weekend crowd arrives).. . It's pricey, but it's worth it & the customer service is great. Also has a great location on the strip!
My wife n I didn't stay here, but the 5 stars is based on the gondola ride alone. . We had a great guide, he sang about 4 romantic songs, was funny, insightful, helpful with a few great suggestions. . Over all he really made the short ride an experience for us, we enjoyed it.. . A must if you have time.. . Oh yeah, the shops are pretty snazzy too.. . TC
Usually I am not a big stickler for customer service.  It can be there or not as long as the goods are delivered, I am happy.  Customer service, although not required is definitely appreciated and noted to make a world of difference.. . Allow me to relay my adventure the first night in Sin City. . . .. . There were six of us, all beautiful girls, enjoying ourselves.  We went out to dinner, we enjoyed a show, we got dolled up and we were ready for some dancing action.  Being a group of beautiful girls, all we had to do to was show a little leg to get into the hottest clubs on the strip.. . I got lost in the music, dancing and alcohol for hours before I realized that I was missing something essential in my small dancing purse.  Dude where's my wallet and phone?!?!  Snapped out of my intoxicated haze, I patrolled the club and harrassed security with no luck.  With nothing left to do, I returned to the Venetian tired and defeated.. . My exhausted group decided to go back to the room while I inquire at the front desk about a business center.  I am a responsible mature young lady; I needed to notify my five credit/debit cards that my wallet was missing.. . The front desk lady, whose name I did not catch, was Caucasian with medium long hair, tall, thin and working the hours between 3-4 am deserves an award and to be recognized.  When I told her of my misfortune, she not only found all five customer service numbers on her computer, dialed the numbers for me and waited patiently as I struggled to talk to ppl who may not reside in the country.  Once I had my card situation figured out, I had the audacity to ask if she can call long distance to my boyfriend so I can let him know that I am unavailable. . lost phone and all.. . There could never be a more appreciative drunken fool to have stumbled through the Venetian than me that night.  Yes the Venetian is a beautiful facility with great rooms and a central location on the strip, but it is that lady who has earned my loyalty.. . A word about the room. . . We stayed in the Rialto suite - two full size beds, pull out sectional, two TVs.  The bathroom is large, separate shower and bath tub and private room for toilet. . . Don't worry, some extremely good samaritan turned in my phone/wallet to security with ID, cash and credit card intact.  The rest of my trip was salvaged and there are now permanent indentations on my phone/wallet from my death grip.
Beautiful! Beautiful!!  Is how I describe the Venetian hotel in Las Vegas.  Walking through the grand entrance, looking down on the pool with gondolas paddling by, takes you away to another world.  Inside, the ceilings are not to be missed!  Be sure to look up!  Oh, this hotel just takes your breath away!
Every time I go inside every hotel in Las Vegas strip... The Venetian has the best scent ever. I cannot smell any cigarettes or any of that weird funky smell that I get from the other LV strip hotels. LOL.. . This is my favorite hotel to stay in because it is luxurious in every detail. You are greeted by there role playing victorian styled people as you go inside the hotel. I find that unique because I don't think I remember other hotels doing the same thing as The Venetian, I could be wrong. . . I love their beds because they are super duper comfortable and I slept like a total baby for the little sleep I've done while in Vegas, haha.
Really a nice hotel.  Pricey, but very upper class.  The room was one of the nicest I have been in.  My wife kept going on and on about the decorating, so I guess it was good too...ha.ha.... The walk in shower and the double sinks in the bathroom made getting ready very easy.  The pillows, bed, couch, carpet, drapes,,,,,all seemed new.   The only negative to the room was the temperature.   We couldn't seem to get it to warm up.  Room always seemed cold.   We were lucky that our room was right off the elevator.  Some of the rooms can be FAR away.. The rest of the hotel amenities were top shelf too.  Concierge was very helpful the whole stay.  The resort fee included the gym at the canyon Spa.  The gym was really good.  Great equipment.   . Casino was nice.  Poker room was fantastic.  The pool was perfect too.  There are many options in Vegas, but if you want a first class experience, this hotel has it.
Really beautiful place yeah a little cheesy but I loved it and even did the Gondola ride.
The decor of my room was amazing!!!! we had a suite and another big room, forgot what its called but its not a normal room!. . The set up of the venetian is so beautiful! I love the design of the room.  brings you back in the days to an elegant prince/princess scene.  What I love is the window screen where you can adjust it from remote for the perfect lighting.  Bathroom is so nice!!!!! Such a nice hotel!
Absolutely loved it! Smelled clean--not like cigarette smoke!!  Immaculate !!  Friendly staff! Couldn't ask for more! Went here for our 10th wedding anniversary!  Romantic!- considering it was Vegas!   There is not one thing I did not like--wait, there was, that I did not win!!
Loved the decor at this casino.. Located off the strip. There indoor shopping area is by far the best visually.  . Love the inside, cause everything looks so fancy smancy..
If I could give this a 6 star rating I would.  I watched rates on Vegas hotels for months in anticipation of a romantic vacation with my boyfriend.  His stories of staying at Imperial Palace had me worried. As soon as the rates dropped to $109 a night for dates in March we booked our room immediately.   . . I'm so happy we did.  The room was AMAZ-ING.  We tried the $20 sandwich trick and it got us an upgrade to a view of the strip and late check out.  The basic room was huge, almost double what you get for the same price at some of the trendier hotels on the strip.  I was in love with the the size of the bathroom.   It was so nice having all that space to get ready together.  We both need plenty of time to get ready so it was nice that we could share the bathroom instead of taking turns.. . The hotel is huge.  You'll probably get lost at least once or twice  but after a day or two you'll figure it out.  The crowd is a little older,  th mahority of the guests are probably late 30's and up.   The smell is very strong but I like it.  It reminds me of my Dad or Grandpa's aftershave. For some reason it was really comforting returning to the hotel and smelling it at the end of a long night. I heard you can purchase the scent at the gift shop.  I'm going to have to look into this the next time I am in Vegas. . . I really enjoy staying at The Venetian.  It is definetly one of my favorites.  I have stayed here many times it has always been wonderful.  The staff is very friendly and the service is outstanding.  I reccommend this spot if you are looking for a place for a romantic vacation.  it also works well if you have a large group of people.  The rooms are big enough to share without feeling crowded.
Is it possible to give more stars?!. . The Venetian was wonderful. We were there for a three day and two night stay. We arrived at 11am and they allowed us to check in early, especially after a long flight! They offered a free Winter in Venice passport where we used a lot of the coupons on dining and entertainment. . . We stayed in the Venezia tower which was Gorgeous. Room was spacious with additional living room area and couch sleeper in addition to a huge king sized bed. The shower and bathtub was amazing. Overall RIDICULOUS. . . There was just a spot-on imitation of Venice in the hotel. Free apple cider, the BEST blackjack dealers in the casino.. . They left us a voicemail after checking in to make sure we were fully accommodated. Also, we left some stuff in the room and they sent it to our listed address free of cost!. . So many perks to staying here including best dining and clubbing experiences. Always addressed formally and customer service was fantastic. FIVE STARS all the way!
Fantastic. Beautiful. Gorgeoue suites. Need I say more.
Simply beautiful! Like a dream! So romantic!!!!. . I did not stay at The Venetian so this review is just on the experience of strolling through it. The Venetian is among the classiest strolls you can take in Las Vegas.To me it does not seem tacky like some of the other themed hotels. The gondolas are really cool and have singing gondoliers. Next time I would actually like to take a ride! Perhaps my favorite thing were the Carnavale performers. They can sing really well and are accompanied by other sorts of performers like jugglers!!!! Truly memorable!!!! They perform in a plaza next to the gondolas which gets packed.. . Other great aspects of The Venetian is the fact there is a great deal of variety in the food court and that the guest elevators are close to the parking lot. Best of all, it is hooked up to three fabulous malls!!!!
I never been to San Marco Italy.  .    But they say that when the  Venetian was almost about to open they delayed  it to the public because something was missing from the courtyard.  The missing thing was the constant breeze of air that flows by..    The Venetian is elegance for everyone to enjoy.
...Bouchon, Public House, the shopping, and the sports book - the best hotel in Vegas, imo.
This is a truly magical place that transforms you into a different era. From the winter in Venice parade they had for the winter to the gondola rides, opulent rooms with bathrooms I wish I could take home, the excellent apple cider served at check-in, the friendly service (even though wi-fi didnt work in our rooms there goes the resort fee we paid for), the sheer crazy number of dining options both in the hotel as well as the Grand Canal Shoppes. I wish I had more days to explre more - maybe next trip.
WOW! This place has a RIVER in it....I felt like I was in Venice, Italy. Trust me, it looks VERY similar. They even have the boatmen with uhhh boats!. And there is a cheesecake factory here #Winning. The ceiling is painted with clouds so it feels like you're outside. There is cobblestone so ladies don't wear heels. There are various shows throughout the casino for free so if you want to kill time or have a great time, come here.
It's beautiful.  Have never stayed at this hotel but the boat thing and the whole you're inside but feel like you're outside thing is just amazing.  Really wanted to get in one of those Venice style boats but the lines were too long.  Next time will just make a reservation.. . Had some great shops inside.
My wife and I have stayed at the Venetian/Palazzo many times and love both resorts. We have stayed at almost every property on the Strip and continually return to the V/P and will probably continue to do so. We like the choice of restaurants, the shopping and the casino. I do think the machines are on the tight side but do like their poker room. All in all, Top Notch.
My Vegas stay was absolutely perfect - mainly because I stayed at the Venetian.  I was in town for work and was by myself, so I really didn't get out and do much.  This makes the hotel you are staying at that much more important.  I've stayed at three different hotels in Vegas now and I can honestly say the Venetian was the best of all three - it was like heaven!. . When I walked into the suite I was so impressed, I thought they gave me a free upgrade.  There was a sunken living room and three flat screen TV's - all for one person.  It turns out all of their rooms are mini suites like this.. . Wi-Fi worked flawlessly and there was a good selection of restaurants within the hotel.. . To sum it up in one word - SUPERB!
Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous! The only negative is finding the room. It's like a maze, but worth staying.
Stayed here last year for the first time and I've been ruined from staying anywhere else in Vegas. What a deal - I paid less than $200 for a suite (well, all the rooms are suites, but still). The room was big and I felt like a princess in their fancy bathroom equipped with a mini tv and vanity. Actually, I felt pretty spoiled having 3 tvs all to myself. My last night here I ordered room service and sat in my little dining area watching a movie - no better way to end my business trip! . . The staff is so friendly. As soon as I checked in, I got amazing service from them. The bell hop was really nice and helpful answering all my questions and giving me suggestions as well. The restaurant choices within the hotel were great as well. Only drawback is that you are further from the "heart" of the strip here and it's a bit of a walk. But still worth it to stay here and I would again!
So many favorites for me in Las Vegas and Venetian is one of them.. . My visits at the Venetian went in stages throughout the years. First it was about gambling, then it was hotel stays when I was visiting, followed by a great poker room, and now just to check out their exhibits.  After all these years, I still love the Venetian.  . . Been a year since I stayed here and the rooms are very nice, clean, and spacious.  Comparing their average rooms against Mandalay's, Venetian wins hands down.  Another thing about the Venetian hotel is their check in and check out.  For a strip casino, the process is usually quick and painless here. . . The Venetian also has Tao (which I haven't been to in 3+ years), the wax museum, and exhibits (recently the Da Vinci). . . Still one of the cleanest hotels/casinos that you'll find in Las Vegas with one of the best poker rooms.  I'm not saying easy games, just tons of action. Also not trying to tap the aquarium here, but the players here are pretty damn good.  Because of that, there's also a lot of action and if you play your cards right, you can have a big night.  When I have time off or a bunch of hours to spare, I will come out and play a little. . . I still recommend the Venetian to both locals and visitors.  My only issue is that I tend to get lost here regardless of how many times I've been here.  They're always adding something, taking something out, changing some of the decor, and even closing escalators & elevators down.  Yes, I get confused when I come here and when you have a little liquid courage in you, it's even worse.  Don't know how many times I'm trying to get to my car and end up at the Palazzo.  It's more than enough.
Probably the BEST hotel in Vegas. I have stayed here several times, and it's been awesome every single time. Everything was top notch from the valet to check in to the rooms to the casino, shopping and restaurants. LOVE LOVE LOVE The Venetian- will definitely be back!
Review only for its casino area not for hotel stay.. . CLEAN.. . Clean. Clean. Clean. Clean. Clean.. . SO clean. Everything is clean.. . The casino and resort is super clean. Every time I pass by this casino and resort, some staff are either cleaning the doors or windows or glasses. Super clean everywhere. They even clean out the bottom corner of an entrance wall to a restaurant. I was amazed. I have never seen any other casino/resort that I have visited nearby has done so much to clean around. I was pretty impressed.. . I love the Venetian and its theme and setup. It makes you feel like you are in Europe, not so much in America anymore. I liked it. . . Tips:. . The boat ride is around $18-20 per person for 10 to 15 minutes without counting tips. . . The Madame Tussauds located outside the Venetian costs about $15 - $20. Retail is around $25. Half price tix is $18 per person.. . There are live performances inside the venetian (I don't know the name of that central space area) a couple of times throughout the day. The actors often engage the audience so it is a lot of fun.. . To go to Tao Beach, I recommend arriving early. Because you have to check in with a table first to make sure your name is on the list, then you all go wait in the second line before the elevator. Then they let some people in the elevator one at a time. Then once you are upstairs, you wait in another line to go in. Then after that, there was a final line to go into the actual Tao Beach. Tons of lines and the towels run out really fast so get there super early in the morning.
I love this place!  from the poker room to the hotel!
The hotel was beautiful and it was so clean!  The casino floor was nice, the staff were friendly, and my room was huge!  The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in in my life!  Totally worth every penny.
Shopping and water canal. Super cool!!
One of the cleanest and largest hotels I've ever stayed at. The architecture and decor is impeccable. Coming from someone who has spent days touring the real Venice,  this hotel did an amazing job recreating the famous sites and landmarks. I took a backdrop photi of the actual tower at st.marks square and the one in vegas, and they are incomparable.. . The casino floor has all the major games, a pretty packed poker room, tons of shoppes and restaurants, and the staff has some kind of scent/perfume constantly blowing through the main areas that has a nice tranquil effect.
Love the hotel ...!!!! And everything in it!!!!
Stunning! I didn't stay at the Venetian, but was my favorite hotel/casino to visit while in Vegas. Everything was spotlessly clean and made to perfection. It was a great replica of Venice! I could not believe the work & detail that went into making such a great hotel. You can take a gondola ride indoors or outdoors. It is a little cheesy and only a 10 min ride, but it's fun to do. They have performers in their St. Mark's Square and shops all along the Grand Canal. Even the dining options are extensive! We grabbed a quick bite in the food court in the casino, which wasn't bad. We ate at TAO one night, which was delicious. It connects to the Palazzo, which was just as nice. The ceilings are beautifully painted & should definitely be a stop on everyone's agenda. The location is near everything on the Strip & I would definitely stay there my next time in Vegas.
I loved the Venetian, Last time I came to Vegas, I stayed at MGM, but I told myself Im staying at The Venetian next time I come. and I did.. Its top of line everything.. Its not cheap of course but you get what you pay for.. If I ever come back to Vegas ( which I doubt I ever will )  will definitely stay here again.
this casino is beautiful. From the 16th chapel at the front entrance to the gondola boat ride this place is a piece of Italy in the middle of Vegas. Loved the layout of the shopping area and we were able to walk over to Madam T's wax museum as well. Would love to stay here one day and see what the rooms look like.
What can I say this hotel is just beautiful. This is about the penny slot machines. So we walk in and sit down as soon as we sit the lady comes and ask what we wanted to drink and gave us cards to get a free t-shirt (which we forgot to get because I was hungry, LOL ). Then hubby puts a $1 in the slot machine and on the third pull I'm not kidding what do you know he hits $120 on a penny machine really after only spending 3 cents. More spending money for us . Had a great time !
I just love the Venetian / Palazzo!  Kid friendly!!  The rooms are huge, there are so many dining options between the Palazzo and Venetian.  I stay here 3-4 times a year with my young children.  It's the only high class casino / hotel that I've found in Vegas that has enough features to keep my kids happy.  When you stay at the Venetian you have full access to everything at the Palazzo.. . Keeping the kids happy...... -Huge rooms!. -Great private pool area in the Venetian towers with regular pools and large heated pools.  You don't have to take the kids to the party pools.  Very relaxed and great for the kids.. -Grand Canal Shops, different performers and artists all day long....really keeps the kids entertained!. -Gondola rides!. -Easy relaxed breakfast in the Venetian casual dining area. -TI pirate show is right across the street. -The fashion mall is right across the street. . Keeping Mom and Dad happy...... -Huge rooms!. -The largest poker room in Vegas..tons of action!. -Tao nightclub. -SushiSamba...if you love food and want to experience a unique and delicious meal, go here!. -Bouchon!. -Social House....incredible beer selection!. -Easy Valet at either hotel. . I've stayed here (Venetian/ Palazzo) so many times over the past 10 years or so, I've had a few unpleasant experiences and mistakes but all the great experiences I've had here far out-way the couple of times I was disappointed.  At the end of the day it's a hotel, humans work there, and humans will make mistakes or be in a bad mood.  Any issue I have ever had has always been remedied with a smile.. . Thanks Palazzo / Venetian!
I've stayed in the bella suites a few times now and I've never had a bad experience.  The rooms are completely spacious and clean which was great for the bachelorette parties that I threw.  Also, the beds were totally comfy.  Plenty of bathroom space and mirrors for us ladies to get ready in front of.  Highly recommended for bachelorette parties!
You should always stop in if you have the chance... I spent over a month in Italy and when walking down the hallways I really felt like I was in Venice! Gelato, shops, the art, and even the flowers hanging from the windows were the same! There is even stores that will give you champagne while you shop. However, their customer service in some of their dinners and eating places are not up to par with Italy customer service. We went to a nice place to eat dinner and the people that worked there did not even acknowledge us when we entered or left... Really?? But other than that it was amazing!
If you don't like the Venetian... there is just something wrong with you.  What a gorgeous facility where ever you go here.  The detail work they spent building this place is just out of this world; from hand painted ceilings, indoor gondola ride, 5 star shopping. Love it!
I went to the Venetian for my first stay in Vegas. This was the ultimate couples hotel/resort, but then again, I didn't try any of the other places. (but seriously, this one did it for me- hands down) I loved the Venetian!. . We got to the hotel at about 11pm at night. The place was buzzing with people and it was surprising to see how many people were arriving just at 11pm. The front foyer of the hotel is absolutely beautiful and clean. Another plus: you can't smell the stale scent of cigs and carpet cleaner from the front desk. So we checked in then we went up to our room.. . The casino does smell funky, but you really can't smell it past the elevators. The horrible smell does not travel far. We got to our room and I was so happy. We had a standard room with a king-sized bed, but for a standard room, it was HUGE! (and absolutely gorgeous). Marble floors in the bathroom, his/her sinks, deep soaker tub, stand-up shower, separate toilet room, vanity, gigantic bed, recessed living room with an l-shaped couch... just way too much to mention. My view wasn't great, but honestly, I didn't care when I could sit on the windowsill and just stare at my room. It was ahhhhhhhhhhhmazing.. . The place was just so nice and clean. The bed was beyond comfortable. There was a little ottoman-looking thing at the foot of the bed. I don't know... just too many things that made me happy. I did NOT want to leave!. . I also got a chance to swim in the pool. It was really nice and very clean. Lots of seating and it had great sun exposure since it was on the roof. Will be my go-to hotel in Vegas!
High end property that makes you feel like a king. Staff was fantastic, accommodations were top notch and the food was out of this world. I can not wait to go back.
My favorite hotel in Vegas! Generously huge suites and awesome ambiance inside.
5 star hotel - deserves 5 stars. Worth the price. The bathroom is simply amazing. The rooms are huge. Three TVs (one in bathroom!) - just simply perfect. Best hotel in Vegas.
I love everything about theVenetian.  From the wonderful exciting casino to the flashy shopping mall to the comfortable suite rooms.  When I'm in Vegas you will find me here at the Venetian.  First of all they have the best card tables in the city.  The slots are pretty loose as well so you can have alot of fun for a long time if you play right.  The dealers are handsome and friendly but do not talk too much and distract you.  . The beautiful shopping mall is surrounded by real Venetian water canals with boats and costumed opera singers floating you and your friends away from here.  The rooms in the hotel are the best in town with all of the amen ties you could want or need.  I just want to say that when you are looking for me in Vegas, you will find me here at the Venetian Resort Hotel Casino.
Nicer than Ritz I've stayed in. Only negative - it's huge so there is a very real chance you will walk 10 mins walking to your room. Once you get there, it's very elegant, but you might walk up a sweat.
I stayed at the Ventian a couple of weeks ago and was blown away. The rooms were amazing. Since they are suites, each room is decked to the nines. The bed was huge and comfortable, there was a shower and a tub. (The shower didn't have that weak sprinkle that most hotels have). Everything about it was just amazing. . . I was actually worried too because one of the things I hate about vegas is the smoke n the casinos and the hotels. I was pleasantly surprised when I got there that it wasn't bothering me at all. There is no way to avoid the smoke in the casinos, but even then it wasn't killing me. Their high ceilings and ventilation made it so much better than other hotels I have stayed in. But as for the rooms, I thought they were very clean and not smokey. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to vegas. You could get a cheaper hotel and hang out with all the idiotic spring breakers, but I would rather stay in a MUCH nicer hotel and enjoy the clientele. It made the experience so much better.
AWESOME hotel!  All the rooms are suites with cool sunken living rooms, the staff was attentive and kind, the restaurants are AMAZING, the spa was incredibly luxurious - and I actually felt like I got value for my money!  I've stayed in 7 other hotels in Vegas - and this was by far my favorite!  LOVED IT.
The Venetian, like the Bellagio and Caesars are my highlights and must sees every time we go to Vegas.. No, it looks nothing like Venice but who cares?. It's Vegas and for that as good as it gets!. It's always clean and well kept with so much to see everywhere you look.. Ride an overpriced gondola through a faux, overly chlorinated river while a non italian is serenading you and everyone is staring and taking pictures, an experience you'll never forget.. Fabulous shopping, dining, bars and clubs, a must see when in Vegas!
FANTASTISK HOTELL! Dette hotellet ma vre det beste i hele Las Vegas. Alt er helt supert! Ingen ting negativt a skrive om.
This place is incredible.. Spent a wonderful night at The Venetian this weekend.. As we were checking in, we were offered an upgrade to a Piazza Suit so we took it.... This room was AMAZING!!! It had a beautiful marble foyer with a powder room right by the door. As you stepped further in, there was a wet bar and a full size dinning table! Walking further into the living space was an office and a large living room. The room was very large, with a vanity and walk in closet, and the master bathroom was really big, all marble with a jetted bathtub and separate shower, and a separate water room. Oh yeah! And double sinks!!!!. I honestly didn't want to leave....... Socomfortable!!!. We were able to entertain our almost 20 other friends before going out that night. There was space for everyone, it was absolutely perfect.. . We did have a bit of an issue with room service, which I thought I'd bring up. The Venetian is so amazing, this issue wouldn't affect the 5 star rating, but any other Hotel that pulled this, wouldn't get so lucky.. We ordered room service once we got back to the room at 2ish am. They told us it wouldn't take no longer than 45 minutes. My boyfriend wakes me up at 4:30 am, on the phone with room service because the food never made it to the room. The worst part out of this whole experience is the worker that we had to interact with. She was rude, had an attitude and had absolutely no idea how to help us, she was not willing to even figure out what happened to our food, or what 50% off 75 dollars is. We ended up without our room service, slept half of the night uncomfortable with the lights on waiting for them, and were absolutely starving which doesn't exactly help the sleeping situation. . . Aside from the room service, this place is worth every penny, it is gorgeous, comfortable and a great hotel to stay at when you are visiting Vegas. We will definitely be back
Chilling in the sports book this set up is an awesome way to watch the games. Big screen HD to the max. Smoke free and the cool atmosphere of the Venetian.
In a town with gluttony every ten feet, you feel like everything you pay for is overrated. However, this is the one occasion where I felt paying extra was worth it! My review is based on actually staying here overnight. . . I've never stayed at The Venetian before, so it was an extra special treat to get a room here for my recent birthday (thanks Priceline for the discount!). Anywho, from the get go, this place screams "we'll do our best to make you visit enjoyable." From the concierge checking us in and wishing me a happy birthday to staff just simply holding a door for you, they pay attention when I came for a visit.. . We got a standard room with a King bed. I must be an idiot because I didn't know for this resort's standards, a regular room was almost double the sizes of studios I've had during college! Love that there's a separate "living room" type area that me and the mister took advantaged of and watched some good ol' TV before the bday festivities. The bathrooms are above and beyond spacious for two people. And the king bed...sigh,  I need to figure out how to have our own king bed and home feel like a fluffy marshmallow one here at the Venetian.. . Room comes with amenities ranging from an office set up to the overpriced booze and snacks in-room. My only qualm was that there was no coffee maker in the rooms. . . Check-in's a breeze if you beat the rush of visitors by noon and express checkout is easy. . . All in all, this place is definitely worth the splurge!!!!
I took my wife here for our anniversary and we had a wonderful experience. We have stayed in many 4 and 5 star resorts but the Venetian is as good as it gets. We had never stayed here before but we are no strangers to the Vegas strip and all the trappings of the Vegas lifestyles. The Venetian offers a real first class experience from the stunning architecture to the first class service we received from every Venetian employee we met. The place reeks with beauty and quality, from the entrance to the hallways, and the rooms, everything is stunning. Our suite was gorgeous and we slept in one of the most comfortable beds ever! I want one of those beds! We had a view of the strip and could see the volcanoe show from our 12th floor room. We had 3 flat screen tv's marble and granite everywhere, a soaker tub and a shower big enough for four. The furnishings were top notch and our suite had a large living room with huge windows overlooking the strip. I could go on forever but it truly was amazing. I'd recommend the Venezia tower with its private pool area, the other tower might be great but I haven't stayed in it. The staff was very polite and professional and were always there to help us out. We stayed three nights and never had any issues with housekeeping. . When you check in dont hesitate to ask if there are any complimentary upgrades available, a well placed twenty with your ID and credit card will help. If they cannot accommodate you they will return the twenty. Good luck and enjoy!
Over the years I have stayed in half a dozen places on the strip (Luxor, Mandalay Bay, THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay, Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Venetian) and The Venetian is my favorite.  . . Gorgeous casino, beautiful welcoming lobby, the rooms are fantastic, the gym is overly spacious and we were extremely impressed with room service!  We opt not to have our room serviced by housekeeping, so I can not speak for that.. . Centrally located on the strip, you can get just many places by walking.  I highly recommend The Venetian for your next trip to Vegas!
Absolutely beautiful room, beautiful hotel, amazing customer service. A+++
The only place I stay at when I am in Las Vegas. From your check in to your stay to your check out, everyone makes you feel welcomed at like you are VIP. . The rooms are clean and elegant. The bed is so comfortable. The air is fresh. . . I highly suggest the Venetian Resort Las Vegas for your vacation stay!
This is the only place you want to stay while in Vegas.  Great service, a plethora of restaurants, shops and ohhhh did I mention the huge casino?  One tip, call the hotel and ask for better rates.  Online the rate was 179.99 and we booked a huge room for 129.99.
I find this hotel so entertaining! Perfect mix of cheesy vegas flash and subtle luxury.. . funny that one of my favorite things in this hotel is the Pizza from the food court off the casino. It is delicious. DELICIOUS. I'd come just for a couple of slices.. . The rooms here are all suites and have HUGE spaces. I LOVE the rooms! VERY cozy and gaudy.
Have loved the Venetian for many years now, stayed here at least 4 times.  It's certainly not the newest place on the Strip, but it has a good casino, the best poker room in town, and a bunch of great places to eat.  Also, Venetian has nice casual options such as Grand Lux (the best 24 hour coffee shop in Vegas) or Public House in addition to the expensive places.  There is a requisite food court, and choices on thecanal shops.  Lots of dining options, and some excellent ones at that.. . The rooms are larger than typical, with the sunk in living area and large couches.  You can easily sleep another person on the couch.  My buddies and I have done that on more than one occasion.  . . The staff is excellent, and the front desk works people through in very quick fashion during busy times.  . . The location is solid as well, right across from Mirage, near Caesars, and if you want to gamble lower, a short walk to Harrah's and other places that generally have cheaper gambling.  Highly recommend the Venetian.
Wow! I've never stayed in such luxury before. When the shower had jets out of the wall you know you've hit gold! Rooms were very grand. DO NOT OPEN the mini bar or they'll charge your room whether you take anything or not. . Plenty of eateries with in the Resort complex. Grand Lux was a favorite.
What can one say about the Venetian? Well it's stunning and massive. lol Definitely massive! Be prepared to wear comfortable shoes and you may need a gps to find your room. It took us 4 days to get it right and no alcohol was involved either. The staff polishes the floors of this mega structure every single night. It's really unbelievably beautiful and a must try.
I loved this hotel when we stayed here i would say it is by far one of the Best hotels to stay when you go to Las Vegas in the Strip. It is gorgeous if i used one word to describe it, the decor is awesome, i love all the vintage appeal, the high ceilings, all the beautiful and creative paintings are to be admired and are a work of art. The hotel is immaculate and very well maintained. This hotel will make you feel like you are back in Venice, Italy. You must ride the gondola which will give you a glimpse of how true Italians live. Their rooms are very spacious and clean.  You are close to the Palazzo Hotel also so in the casino you might get a little confused once your walking all through it. Plenty of restaurants to enjoy and shopping all around so this is a great place to stay i highly recommend it.
I love Venetian hotel and recommend it highly . Beautiful, spacious rooms with extremely comfortable beds , room service is on time, food taste great, many great restaurants and an amazing spa . Did I mention shopping? All kids of stores, connected to Palazzo hotel that has more shopping . St. Marks square has Italian singers and amazing gelato .
I stayed in Venetian twice already and do not see any reasons to look for a different hotel when in Vegas. The atmosphere is amazingly romantic, the location is great, the rooms are awesome. Can not ask for more. I do not gamble, but the casino seems to be newer and cleaner than many others I had to pass by. I love everything about this place, they always have deals online, so you can stay there for ridiculously low prices. Last time we went there ( three of us ) I got a carnevale package for $660 for two nights, including three round trip direct flights, a suite with two queen beds and a bunch of " half off" and "free" coupons. I don't think any other 5star hotel can beat that price! Oh, and don't miss the pool in Palazzo, do yourself a favor and allow half an hour of your time to relax and feel that atmosphere of Italy.
This hotel quickly became a favorite of mine in Vegas. Went there for a quick weekend getaway to celebrate the GF's Birthday and a surprise her with a proposal, (she said yes, BTW!). . . We stayed at a Luxury Suite, which had a sunken living/dining/office room, 3 TV's (including the Bathroom), very comfortable bed, and remote controlled blackout curtains. The rooms are so spacious, luxurious and comfortable, especially the bathrooms.. . The pool area was beautiful, with quite a few people gathered to enjoy the 109 degree weather and enjoy a great lunch at the poolside cafe.. . As it's the standard in hotels located on the Vegas Strip, getting from your car to your room takes a little while, this whole resort is huge, and you have plenty of options for dining, shopping or just finding something fun to do. But once you're in your room, there's absolute peace and quiet to relax after a fun day (or night) of gambling, partying or just touring Vegas.. . All this comes at a price, there is a +-$20 per day resort fee, on top of the already high prices. However, you can find great deals if you book well in advance. I absolutely recommend this hotel.
Enjoyed my stay at the Venetian. nice and clean room. Pool was clean as well & the personnel were friendly.
If you are coming to Las Vegas this place is fantastic.  Suite with 3 TVs ( living room, by the bed and in the bathroom.  Wonderful deep large soaking tub along with a separate shower.  Bathroom even has a vanity with great make-up mirror.  Drapes open and shut with a remote.  Great room service with ability to order on-line.  Bed is very comfortable.   The whole facility would be perfect if it was smoke free.  Due to asthma - could not go to the casino.
The location is close to the end of all the action but the rooms and service are TOP notch,Big rooms comfortable plus you can checkout fashion show mall
Pros. -The suite has a roomy luxurious feel, with a european decor. -In-suite dining was delicious and beautifully presented. -The hotel in general is clean and full of life. -Free wi-fi! Great reception in the whole hotel. . Cons. -Pullout bed is shit. You can feel the springs and you don't even get a blanket, only a thin sheet of linen.... -Room service: it took 4 phone calls and over an hour to receive some pillows. . Overall. A lovely hotel with some small negative factors. RECOMMEND:)
I've stayed in quite a few hotels in Vegas and this one is by far the best. First off the prices for the suites are very reasonable. The cost is just barely higher than a crappy room elsewhere so why not shell out the extra for an AMAZING experience. The hotel is beautiful and the casino is huge. The rooms were giant probably the size of a small apartment. The beds were big enough to fit two people very comfortably. I remember wishing I could lay in those beds forever. The staff was so helpful andything we needed at anytime.. they were up at our room within 5 minutes. Literally ANYTHING you need they will bring you. The bakery downstairs is also one of the best in California if you haven't been. The bathroom was my favorite! All marble everything and more than enough room for 4 girls to get ready comfortably! The all glass shower was beautiful as well.. and you can watch tv while in the bathroom. I loved this place and when it's not a holiday the rooms are very affordable. Like I said, I have been to a good handful of the hotels and this one takes the cake!
My favorite hotel on Vegas!  It makes you feel like you are in the middle of Italy!
My boyfriend and I stayed here for the weekend. It was beautiful. The suite was huge and the bed very comfy. The staff was so friendly and willing to accommodate. The minute we pulled up, they were opening our doors and welcoming us with smiles and eagerness. . . When we checked in, our room was upgraded. Yes the "sandwich" really works. . . The grounds of the hotel are amazing. I was dazzled around every corner. So much to see.. . We had dinner one night ad Dal Toro (in Palazzo). The meal was great & our server was prompt and willing to answer all questions; even ones that did not pertain to the Venetian or Palazzo.. . The pool was not that great but I was impressed with the towel service and clean up in the area. The landscape was lush.. . Would I stay here again??.... most definitely!!!
Love this swanky casino, I want to save up to spend a few days here next time. It's in the middle of all the action, lots of excitement, it's clean and doesn't reek of cigarette smoke.
I just got back from Vegas and stayed and married at The Venetian!!  What a hotel, the room was fantastic.  The bed was comfortable and clean.  The gold couch was great to lounge on after an afternoon at the pool.  I would stay again!!!. . I got married at this hotel and the service was out of this world!  Brandy was our wedding planner and she was very professional, kind, and helpful.  She helped me get in touch with the woman who ironed my wedding dress and my hair/makeup girls.  The ceremony was more than I could have dreamed of with a gorgeous wedding chapel.  We had the best photographer (Matthew) and had a lot of fun walking the grounds with him.  Our pictures came out gorgeous.. . I will be sure to stay at this resort again!
The best hotel in Vegas, and the only place I stay.. . Rooms are suits, yes a little pricy... But if you look for specials and call them on their off season, you would be surprised at the deals they'll give you!. . Luxurious, clean, sexy, and worth every penny. Is convenient because you can fit 4 people comfortably in their standard rooms.. . They have the best restaurants in the hotel. The staff is very accommodating-- for people who think otherwise, you just need to ask for what you want, push for it, and you get it. They always put the customers needs first.. . I like this casino particularly because of the lighting. All the other casinos lights are too dim. . . Overall, the best hotel experience in Vegas... And I've tried a good amount to be 100% certain of that.
I don't really gamble - I just like to see the sites. I've been to just about every casino on the strip and this is my favorite to walk around in. So beautiful!  And such great shopping!
It was my 1st time in Las Vegas and we had amazing stay at Venetian. We we're lucky to get a room that's beautiful and has overlooking view of the Vegas strip. Staff we're helpful with directions bc we had a hard time looking for our room. . . I mostly enjoyed the interior design of the shopping area especially the clouds at the ceiling. I also enjoyed watching the Venation Gondola Ride it was relaxing! Feels like i was in Venice,Italy for few days! If ever I'll comeback to Las Vegas I will definitely stay here.
The rooms are beautiful!  There is a walk down separate seating area with a comfortable coach and desk area.  The bathrooms are big and lovely.  I hope to stay here again soon.
Stayed here for my 21st and I was not let down. So beautiful, huge and comfy rooms and conveniently located to pretty much everything. My ONLY issue that I have with this place is when you are walking around the mall portion and trying to get back to the venetian it is really easy to get the venetian and the palazzo confused and there's not a ton of signs separating the two.
The Venetian is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas.  We've been to Venice, Italy and they've done a pretty good job of recreating the Venetian experience, Gondolas and all.. . The "All Suite" concept makes every room stay comfortable.  Whether it's my wife and I or a guys weekend, there's plenty of room for everybody.  I also love the attachment to the Palazzo Hotel.  We were recently there on a weekend when temperatures reached 117*.  We spent almost the entire weekend in the two connected hotels and didn't feel like we missed a beat.. . Both hotels have great restaurants, bars and nightclubs.  We'll be back again and again!!
Beautiful hotel, the rooms are probably the best on the strip, you get a bedroom area and a separate sitting area, which is lovely so you don't have to sit all over your bed to watch the TV.  The only down side is there aren't any umbrellas around the pool and there is hardly any shade, so we bought a cabana every day for the 4 days we were there, at a cost of $300 per day but when the temperature is 106f outside its well worth it!  I've stayed at many hotels on the strip and this is still one of the nicest there.
LOVE the Venetian. It's definitely probably my favorite place in Vegas to stay. Rooms are huge, service is great, and it would be easy to just stay in the hotel all weekend and not go anywhere else haha. It kind of has everything you need. . . During the day, I love the pool and Tao Beach.  It can get a little crowded on Saturdays but Fridays and Sundays are the sweet spot of a slight weekend crowd that's not too overwhelming. The shops are fun to walk around too - they really have an awesome Venice theme going throughout the entire hotel and casino. . . It's around a lot of great hotels too, you can easily walk over to Cesar's Palace to go shopping, the Wynn to check out Encore or Tryst at night, or even the little Chipotle/Panda Express next to Harrah's if you're broke like us and trying to save your money for clubbing  and drinking lol.. . Rooms are huge and comfortable - every room is a suite. There's two couches too which is great for some extra sleeping space. Rooms can be pricey but you can usually find good hotel deals online. . . I keep wanting to try out different hotels but kind of keep coming back to the Venetian. It's just awesome.
Our absolute favorite hotel to stay at when we are visiting Las Vegas.  Unfortunately, we have only stayed here a few times over the years because they are one of the more expensive hotels on the Strip.. . The rooms are huge.  Every room in the place is a suite.  Not a little studio suite either.  Their normal suite is larger than any other hotel room that we have ever stayed at.  The beds are so very comfortable.  The bathroom has all the amenities including a television.  There are two other televisions in the suite as well.  So no need to argue with the wife about what to watch.  The tvs are located far enough from each other that the volumes do not interfere with each other.  The living room with the sofa is also comfy for resting and relaxing.  In some suites, you have to take a couple of steps down to the sunken living room (very cool).. . It is not the perfect place to stay.  There is no free Internet access.  It costs almost $16 per day if you want it.  Another option is to pay an extra $25 per day for their resort fee.  This extra $25 gives you Internet access and use of their gym facilities.  I must say that their gym is pretty impressive.  Every cardio equipment is clean, new, and even have televisions attached.  Headphones are also provided.  There is a separate weight room included with much equipment.  There is a rock wall for climbing.  . . Fortunately, no resort fee is needed to use the swimming pool on the 10th floor.  Definitely bring your swimsuit!!. . Have not played at their casino lately.  Did notice that the minimum bet at the blackjack table is $15 during the day.  The ventilation system seems better than previous years.  Either that or I'm just getting used to second hand smoke.  . . The Venetian hotel is an awesome place to spend the night!  Whether you decide to spend the night or just walk through the hotel's casinos and shops, the Venetian is a fantastic place to visit while in Vegas.
I love the Venetian. It is such a great hotel. I like the whole strip hotels and the themes they take on. This has got to be one of the most interesting takes on Italy (Bellagio is a little blah for me). I came here for a friend's wedding and it was a good choice. Their rooms are really nice, clean, and very accommodating. Staff is very friendly, professional, and genuine cares for their guests' happiness. I'm much more impressed, however, with the lobby and their lively Italian "streets". The real-life statues, the gandola rides, and the tower, all make it feel like you are really in Venice. I saw Madame Tussauds, played golf, and went to TAO - and didn't want to leave any of it. I barely was in my room because we had so much fun. I could go on and on, but want to keep it short. Thank you, Venetian.
The business, comin back here with my S.O. Very Nice Indeed
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the Venetian! I've been to Vegas too many times to count and have stayed at various hotels. With that being said, I must say that The Venetian is one of the most classiest, nicest hotels on the strip. Our service was outstanding! Shout out to Taylr, who checked us in and took GREAT care of us. We really wanted adjoining suites for our bachelorette party of 15 and she was able to make that happen (even though we didn't reserve it or request it when we booked). She also didn't charged us a fee. Thanks again!  . . If you're looking for a chill pool day than the Palazzo pool is for you. If you want a little more fun but minus the craziness of a huge pool party and a cover then hit up the Azure pool at the Palazzo. . . I highly recommend staying here on your next Vegas trip!
I love Venetian because it's a 5 star hotel, fancy smancy with all the amentities, spacious room and all that jazz. Came with a party of 5 total and we booked the Bella Suite. It sleeps 5-6 people comfortably! 2 queen beds + 1 pull out sofa. . . - Location is not the best since it's far from the heart of the strip (Planet Hollywood, etc). - A little far from clubs besides XS/Encore. . Other than that, it's a beautiful hotel with nice decor. A little pricy but rooms are really nice.
"Hi, cousin! Mom is a gold card holder at the Venetian and she hooked us up for the weekend. She got comped rooms for 2 of the 3 nights. Is that okay with you?". . Uhm, duh!  It's more than okay. So first of, thank you Auntie for hooking it up. You are always that awesome!. . Another long weekend in Vegas and this time it's to see the New Kids on the Block on tour, along with Boyz II Men and 98 Degrees. The initial plan was to stay at Mandalay Bay. But, staying at the Venetian was definitely a better option, for both price and the luxury of the room. We ended up getting a Bella suite with 2 queen beds. The suite usually averages about $250 per night. Our view was of a rooftop, but since I was only paying 1/3 a share for one night, WHO CARES? I wasn't going to be hanging out in the room to enjoy the view anyways.. . The room was spacious, nicely decored with a contemporary look and very clean. The location of the hotel put us in walking distance of the other casinos we wanted to visit. We really wanted to be close to Caesars Palace, since we planned on watching the 4th of July fireworks show there.  The hotel itself has two gyms, pools, Club Tao, a variety of restaurants to choose from and retail stores to blow money in. You can also hitch a ride on a gondola or gamble in the casino. . . The first time I stayed here, I was impressed. The second time around nothinghas changed. I'd definitely stay here, again, even if I had to pay full price. Definitely a great hotel!
Pur sapendo che si tratta del regno del fasullo e sempre divertente perdersi tra le "vie di Venezia" e fermarsi nei vari negozi (bellissimi e pieni di gente).. I gondolieri poi sono una chicca! . Le loro canzoni (ma i gondolieri a Venezia cantano???) vanno dal napoletano ad altri non meglio precisati linguaggi lontanamente vicini all'italiano e sinceramente mi hanno strappato qualche sorrisetto ironico.. Ai turisti pero piace molto e quindi Avanti Cosi!
When my fiance first told me that he had booked the Venetian Hotel, and we would be staying there for our weekend away in Vegas... I didn't know what to think or feel about it.  I imagined a somewhat run-down hotel full of older people, I'm not sure why... but I guess I didn't know any better.. . All of that changed once we arrived.  Our Suite was prime: huge bathroom, nice comfy bed separate and away from the sunken living room type area.  Tons of space, we literally could've slept 6 in this room.  Three TVs, and plenty of luxurious space to lounge around in.. . Tip: Nice hotel for a decent price- I recommend looking for a deal on Priceline, that's what we did.
I was at the Venetian for business, so my demand on the hotel is probably a different than most who visit Vegas for pleasure.. . ROOM . -  SPACIOUS:  Being a suite, I had a lot of space to spread out and work.. -  CONNECTED:  FREE hard line Internet and it was FAST!. -  PRINTER:  LOVED that the room came with a printer.  (I had to ask for paper and it was sent up quickly, but if I was in a hurry, it would have been annoying.). . ROOM SERVICE. -  FAST: Placed online and my food got to my room by the time I got out of the shower.. -  DETAILED:  They complied with my request of replacing the starch with more veggies without any problems.. -  DELICIOUS:  The bone-in ribeye steak arrive PERFECT (which rarely happens with room services). .      - Excellent quality of meat and seasoned just right.  It was medium rare from edge to edge and served piping hot (which is very hard to do because to keep the food hot, it would have had to be in a warming oven.  At such a large hotel, the time it took for the food to get to the room, it would have cooked the steak to medium).  .      - The Bearnaise sauce was complex and rich with the flavor of the wine.  More importantly, it wasn't overly salty.  .      - Every piece of the vegetable medley, including the baby carrots, haricot vert, white asparagus and heirloom cherry tomatoes, had different cooking time.  Remarkably, they were all tender and crispy.. -  REASONABLE:  At $45.00 it was a steal.  It could easily have been a $65.00 dinner downstairs.  . . STAFF & FACILITIES. -  CLOSE:  Having to be at a convention for 4 days, it is a blessing that the conference rooms and exhibit halls are at such close proximity to the guest elevator (especially compared to the design of the space at the Mandalay Bay).. -  CHOICES:  The plethora of quality restaurants is staggering.  From quick comfort food like Panda Express, to high-end dinning to entertain customers like AquaKnox, there is no shortage of choices.. -  EFFICIENT:  With such a large number of attendees, traffic at the hotel was remarkably speedy.  Less than 5 minutes wait for check-in and check-out.  No lines in the elevator lobby.. -  GRACIOUS:  Every employee I had met always greeted with me a smile.  Staff was knowledgeable, proficient and confident.. . I would stay here again even if I am not working.
This place is really glamour! You will snap photos non stop when u are there! I felt abit regret spending most of the time outside, i should have relax and enjoy my vacation n spend more time in my room! The decor is very eye catching! I thought i was in europe! Its soo real and i have no words to descride the overall decor n design! Very 'heaven' ! Im happy that i choose this hotel among all the other hotels at vegas!
The Venetian is my favourite hotel along the Strip. It's absolutely beautiful and I found the shopping the best here as well.
I love this place and my luxury suite was spacious enough for just my husband and I. We enjoyed the pool area. There are a lot of different sections and I love that it is connected to the palazzo. Their bar is great. We ordered 2 different pitchers for $45 that's like about 4 glasses for 2 people and they were pretty strong. The staff at the hotel are very friendly and accommodating. I love the location being so close to other great hotels.
Our suite was very clean and quiet.  This was my third time in Vegas and I've stayed at 4 other hotels on the strip, including Caesar's Palace, this hotel by far has been the best. Casino is brightly lit and doesn't have heavy smoke smell or overly bearing air freshener smell. Great shopping and food between here and Palazzo.
We stayed at The Venetian two nights and had a great stay; no complaints! The room was clean and the bed was super comfortable. We thought the decor of the hotel was actually prettier than The Bellagio, so we were happy we chose The Venetian... Very reasonable price for the quality. The service was great, too. Everyone was exceptionally friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay here again.
I've been staying here for the past 10 years every time I come to Las Vegas.  Which is about 3-4 times a year.  I might be a little bias towards the Venetian because I'm a comp guest but, I can also stay free at a lot of other casinos/hotels such as the BELLAGIO, Wynns, MGM, Cosmo, PH and so on.  The Venetian is where I stay when I come here. The rooms are all suites and very spacious, most also have a sofa (sofabed) and the rooms are also super "CLEAN"!!! and you can charge your iphone from the radio/clock next to the bed which was major PLUS especially when I forgot to pack my charger on one trip. Wifi was free during my stay but I also have unlimited data so it would not of matter if wifi wasn't free. Even their smallest suite/room can accomodate up to 6 people ( 3 of them are kids). The beds are more comfy on the Venetian side than the Palazzo and if you are likeme making a lot of trips to and from the room, don't stay in the Venezia portion of the Venetian because it can be a trek.  There are a lot of food options plus a food court upstairs unfortunately no buffet maybe that's a good thing because unlike CC or NYNY you're not constantly running into underage kids.  There are 2 casinos, 1 on the Venetian side and 1 on the Palazzo side and the Wynns is just a hop skip and a jump away.  Both side have their own huge parking garages with valet and easy access to the Hotel/Casino and of course a main valet up front at the Venetian. Tons of security and cameras everywhere so you're never alone.  I've been to other casinos where you can scream for help and no one will hear ..lol.  I really have nothing bad to say about the Venetian except for...I  LOVE YOU GUYS,  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!  P.S maybe a buffet would be nice ...
I love this hotel. I have stayed in several hotels in vegas and the venetian has become my favorite after my stay during this past summer. It was the week of EDC so the hotel was packed full of crazy people but I guess that's what added to the fun of this experience. My boyfriend and I came here with a group of friends not for EDC but just for the fun of vegas. . . Our room was amazing! We got placed on the 38th floor and I loved how the security personnel checks your key card before you're able to go up the elevators. It made me feel safe in a weird way haha. The first thing I saw when we opened our double doors was a baby grand piano, say whaaaat? Not only was there a giant piano in our living room but we also had a humongous I'd like to say 50-60 inch flat screen in the main room. There was a full dining table that seated 8 and our room came with a fridge, and a wine cooler. For the rooms we had 2 full king-size bedrooms each with walk in closets. Each room also had a 4 person jacuzzi hot tub, a stand up shower that had 2 shower heads with a gigantic bench inside it (I'm guessing it's meant for more than one person? lol) an in suite gym, and a dressing room with mirrors all around. We had 2 full bathrooms and one 1/2 of a bathroom. We had a fantastic view of the strip and the water show. We had some fun watching the people splash around obnoxiously down at TAO's pool party too. The bed's were so comfy that I had a hard time getting out of bed. . . For the three nights we stayed at the venetian we found the service to be exceptional and by the push of a button we had a bell hop or hotel worker at our door within minutes. Room service was okay, though it's not quite up to par for the price they charge you. The casino's were awesome and I ended up winning $200 the first night woo! The venetian also has a little mall connected to it that's fun to shop. Most major designers (Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Dior, Gucci, Ferragamo, Prada etc..) are available for your interest. There is a food court in the mall that kind of sucks but that isn't the venetian's fault. I recommend eating outside the hotel if you want good food. Come on, I mean, you ARE in vegas!!. . I had an amazing stay at the venetian and our suite felt like home and I definitely did not want to go back to Cali. I will be coming back in December and I can not wait!
By far my favorite hotel for location and nightlife on the strip! They comp very well in comparison to most hotels. There is much to do within the hotel and the ease to the strip is well above average. They have the best nightclub in Las Vegas, Tao...(better than Rain and Pure). The staff is very friendly and helpful. . On an occasion they overbooked their hotels and promptly sent me to a nearby hotel by limousine where I had been upgraded to an incredible penthouse suite. I am a very seasoned Vegas traveler and I would not expect this to happen often whether you find this inconvenient or another Vegas opportunity!! . Ive stayed here with friends, family and for my alone time with my husband on many occasions. Always love the Venetian and all of its hotels on property!
I stayed at the Venetian for the second time recently, this time in a Bella Suite, first time in a Rialto.  The Venetian is nothing short of amazing. The rooms are huge, the beds are second to none, and I feel like it is maintained at a higher level than other similar properties.  The pool complex is massive, the lobby is striking, and the casino has better lighting than most I've ever been in.  Though I didn't get to play any, the Poker Room looked like one of the best 2 or 3 in Vegas.  The screens in the Sports Book are awesome, but the seating is a little lackluster.  The service was excellent, especially during check-in.  I even think for the quality you receive that it is one of the better values on the Strip.  I cannot say enough positive about The Venetian.
I loved my stay here atthe Venetian. I felt like a princess the whole weekend. The decor was beautiful, and the restaurants there are delicious. If I could stay here all the time for all my Vegas visits, I totally would. Thank you Venetian for making my stay one of the most pleasant ones I've ever had.
Even after 3 yrs my last review still holds up on this place.  The Venetian has been a top resort & casino in Las Vegas since the late 90's.  They've been able to keep the property looking great, continue to offer awesome restaurants, and have a couple of the best nightclubs in town.  Whenever I'm back in Vegas, I come here to eat, dine, party, or stay.. . Return Factor - 100%
Best hotel to stay at!
It's all suite with sunken living rooms. Could sleep 5 comfortably. Has everything you would need. One of the best looking lobbys. The Venetian and Palazzo pools are connected. Tons of restaurants and food court. Canyon Ranch Spa. And a great 24h Walgreens right in front. A big pro for me is that it couldn't be closer to the clubs at Wynn/Encore which I enjoy. Real easy walk to Caesars and as far as Cosmo. Trust me spend the extra $$$ to stay here and you get it back in square footage. P.S. I've had a lot of success being friendly at the front de$k for decent views.
WOW!  What a beautiful and luxurious hotel this is on the Las Vegas strip.  Shortly after getting married, my wife and I decided to take a few days and go to Las Vegas for a quick vacation.  After scouring the internet for a nice place to stay within my allotted budget I came across the Venetian.  This place is easily a 4-5 star hotel with fantastic decor from the floors and ceilings to the pillars and statues in the lobby to the painted skies and Italianesque facades of the building in the shopping district to the gondolas running both through as well as outside the hotel.  This place truly was epic.. . The room we stayed in was very lovely, featured a queen bed with a couch, kitchenette, armoire and dresser, complimentary robes, a large shower with separated bathroom stall and a lovely view overlooking the strip (we could watch the Treasure Island show from our window).  We were just minutes from The Bellagio Fountain show, from the animatronic statue show at Caesars Palace and from the several other tourists hot spots such as M&M World.  . . The Gondola ride here was breathtaking, from the singing to the beautiful gondola itself, you really felt as if you were cruising through the Venice canals in Italy.  The blue sky with clouds painted overhead gave you that outdoor sense and the paintings and human statues were a sight to behold.  The Venetian has several shows that are put on throughout the hotel and we caught a couple and they were very well put together.  . . Another great attraction located at the Venetian was Madame Tussauds Wax Museum which I will review separately.  This place is awesome as it is a modern twist on the wax museum with some interaction thrown into the mix.  They also featured the Blue Man Group which unfortunately we did not have money to catch on this visit (dying to see this show).  . . I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a beautiful place to stay in Las Vegas.  It is not the cheapest hotel on the strip but is far from the most expensive.  The amenities they offer for the price they charge is a great deal and they have also recently opened the new tower as well which is also supposed to be breathtaking as well.  This is one of the places I will definitely look at the next time we stay in Las Vegas.  My memories here are forever lasting and I hope there are plenty more to add in the future.
Here is the only problem with rating the Venetian - Yelp (and AAA) have not created a 6th star exclusively for them.. . This casino/hotel is amazing.  Let's start with it's opulent furnishings and design.  As soon as you walk in, there is a fellow playing the accordion in appropriate garb.  The floors are polished and pillars are clean, and the ceiling is painted to make you feel like you are right there in Italy.. . The restrooms are lavish and clean as a whistle, always well stocked, and deserve an award themselves.. . The air is clean throughout, no overwhelming smoke or other odors that you might find elsewhere on the strip.. . They offer free shows throughout St. Marks square (at least every time I've went in the summer).  The actors and singers and entertainers (including jugglers and statues and marionette artists) are pleasant and genuine.  Dazzling and entertaining for any age group.. . I love sitting at the oxygen bar at the end of the canal, listening to the opera singers rowing their gondolas while I'm getting a massage.  Probably the most serene experience of my life.. . Food!  The food court is fantastic.  Grand Lux is off the hook - their menu as big as a the bible, open 24 hours, and the Cuban pulled pork sandwich is amazing.  Postrio, Wolfgang Puck's corner of St. Mark's Square, is phenomenal.  I plan my whole trip to Vegas around his home made sausage appetizer with a trio of mustards, and his burger with onion marmalade.. . The customer service is so shiny that you need to wear your sunglasses as not to be blinded by the ocean of smiles.  I believe this place is as close to heaven on earth as is possible.. . The gaming is great.  Payouts are abundant at penny and dollar slots alike every trip so far.  The poker room is HOPPING, with 60+ tables at any given time.  All the dealers are friendly.  I also like the uniforms the security guards have to wear.. . In one word, paradise.
Unbelievable time here at this killer hotel. So much to do. So many restaurants. I can't believe the extensive way they have decorated and gone to such great lengths to create a Venetian experience. . . So impressive. My room was very large compared to other strip hotels and the location on the strip you can't beat. It is close to all the other amazing hotels so if you want to hop over to one of the others it can easily be accomplished. . . I ate at several of the restaurants and each one was better than then next. They were also very helpful to find a show and suggest activities for us to do. Next time I will stay here again.
When it comes to high end resorts there are a few to choose from. You have the Wynn/ Encore, the Aria, the Cosmo, Mandalay Bay. But for my money the Venetian is the best. I liken it to Disneyland. While other parks have better rides, Disneyland is about the whole experience. Likewise with the Venetian, it is about the whole experience, the atmosphere, the totality of the entire resort, not just individual entities. In Las Vegas there are Better hotels, there are better casinos. However the Venetian takes the best parts from it alland puts it together into a single resort where you can escape, you can get away from the chaos that occurs on Las Vegas Blvd. The hotel is superbly furnished, extremely relating and very quiet. The Casino is exciting, it is not dingy or worn down. There is no choking clouds of smoke everywhere. Then you get to the 2nd floor and are taken to Italy. You can walk "outside" and browse through the Grand Canal shops, Take a Gondola ride and be serenaded as you do. This is my favorite Hotel. Sure it might not have incredible fountains in its front, or doesn't have it's own buffet. But what it does have is the very thing that makes Disneyland so successful. It simply takes you away from life and transports you into a sanctuary where you can take a breath and experience a distant place without the inconvenience of the "real world" where what you imagined it to be, how it should be takes over for how reality really is. And that is why I will be going back.
such a beautiful hotel and a reasonable price.. . the room was so classy, we stayed in an hung out and got room service and enjoyed the bathtub.. . lovely place!
Whenever we wish to escape the day to day grind we look forward to calling The Venetian and reserving a room. We know the room will be superb, the foot tasty and most importantly the people will make us feel welcome. This is a great get away!. Thank you Venetian.
This was a great stay and a wonderful hotel experience in Vegas! . . Once you enter your room it's about as comfortable as a hotel can be. Room service is fast and quality, the staff is punctual and friendly, and the casino is clean.. . There may be more trendy spots, there may be more exciting locations, but pound for pound this is a total Win.
From the check-in to the check-out everything about this place screams service. My room was probably the nicest I have ever stayed in before. I mean, 3 TVs, a sunken living area and one of the cleanest rooms I have seen. I also appreciated the fact that they have an attendent near the elevators to make sure people that dont belong there don't gowandering. I flew in that day and saw Kelly Clarkson perfom at their beautiful theater and sadly had to leave the next morning. I would definitely stay again if possible.
Hands down, my FAVORITE hotel on the strip!!! I'm spoiled by this hotel and it is the only place I want to stay when I go to Vegas! I have stayed at nearly every hotel on the strip, including Wynn and Encore and I think the rooms here are the best.This hotel is beautiful, upscale, and will wow you away with all the lovely Italian decor. I'm reminded of Venice when I come here... except it's much cleaner, lol. Venetian is the original building, while Palazzo is the new building. I've stayed at rooms at both. Rooms in the Palazzo are slighty larger, about 750 square feet, compared to 700 square feet for a standard room at The Venetian. Standard rooms include a living area and THREE TV's! One TV in the "bedroom", another in the "living room" and another in the bathroom. Living rooms also include a sofa that is actually a sofa bed. What I do not like, is that the cost of a 1 king bed and 2 queen beds are different prices, about $20 difference. If you are pleasant at check in, they may give you a complimentary room upgrade :). . Anyways, I think this hotel has it all... except for the Vegas buffet!! LOL. Anyways, I always LOVE the decor here. There is a beautiful shopping area upstairs, with a gondola outside and inside the hotel. The people on the gondolas will sing... it seems very romantic, and hopefully, one day a guy will take me on it. It's kind of pricey though, about $30 a person, but you can get discounts. The stores are a mix of affordable and higher end stores, so shopping here is quite reasonable. There are also a variety places to eat from casual cheaper food court type places to high end restaurants. The only eatery missing is a buffet!. . The club Tao is also found here and it is also beautiful in there. It is located on the second floor of shopping and the club is 3 stories high including a rooftop pool area, which I like the best because I like to be out in the open at clubs. In the summer, it is also a dayclub called Tao Beach. You can also eat and Asian Fusion dinner at Tao and the first floor is actually a more lounge-like atmosphere. I would say that the club here ranks after XS at Encore however, which happens to be my favorite club in Vegas. But if you are staying at the Venetian, there is a separate entry line and you can get free entry passes from the conceirge desk. . . They also have a spa here, with fitness facility that includes rock climbing. using spa facilities will be $25 if you are staying at either the Venetian or Palazzo and about $40 if you are not. . . Lots of fun events ensue here. They have Carnivale in the fall and Winter in Venice in the winter. During both events, there are special performers, singers, and special decoration. I love the Winter in Venice decoration! It is just breathtaking beautiful!! During the winter, also if you gamble and earn enough points, you are invited to attend their Grazie Gifts Extravaganza. Trust me, compared to other hotels, they go all out for this. It is literally like shopping at a store. You check in and then go to another room to "shop". Write down what items you want, go check out and they will call you when they have your stuff pulled up and ready for you. While you are waiting, there is water, hot cider, hot cocoa, tea and coffee. It was my first time this year going and I can't wait for it next year!! Other hotels, it's just a computer that you order from.... . The main difference between Palazzo and Venetian is that the Palazzo has a non-smoking gambling section and that the rooms are a bit bigger. Price of the rooms are the same at either one. I suggest getting a Grazie card and using it to earn points! That's how I get my rooms comped here!! Wi-fi here is included in the room resort fee... just connect to it! Very easy!. . Stay here! You won't be disappointed!! I can't wait to go back ... and I just left yesterday!!!
The Venetian at Thanksgiving was awesome. I am very happy I chose this resort. Wifi included. The suites are first class, huge bathroom with double sinks, sunken lay back tub (my fav) glass shower, vanity with seat, separate toilet and to in the corner. Bedroom was nice with huge tv on wall. Living area was sunken with sectional sofa, table with chairs, huge tv and desk and chair for office area with printer. Just a classy room. . . The resort has so many restaurants and shops it is easy to just wonder around and enjoy yourself. Very good location on the strip. The casino was nice and playful. Staff was friendly and provided friendly services. Really like the guy at the elevators checking for door cards to ensure you actually stayed at the resort.  Not sure if I will be able to stay anywhere else after staying here. I have truly enjoyed myself. I will be back.
Toll. Ein total verrrucktes Hotel in Las Vegas. Im ersten Stock des Hotels fahren Gondeln und  der Aussenbereich ist dem Markusplatz in Venedig nachempfunden. Das Hotel ist mit riesig und bietet zum Shopping, Essen, Spielen einfach alles was man braucht. Die Zimmer sind der absolute Hammer.
One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in...in the world. The suites are massive and simply stunning. From friendly staff at check in, to really great restaurants this hotel is a must if staying in Vegas. Although their room prices can be on the high end, you pay for what you get and it really is value for money.. . One hint is make sure you eat at the Grand Lux cafe....the food is amazing there and comes at a reasonable price!!
This resort hotel is visually stunning and shines with superb elegance. It's supposed to resemble Venice, Italy and although I've never been, it appears to do it justice at this hotel. Just look up the pictures and you'll see the magnificence of this place.. . Me and my gf got a luxury suite with a king size bed. The room was 600 sq feet and looked amazing inside and was very spacious. We got a stand up shower and a bath tub with 2 vanity mirrors. In addition to our bedroom area, we also had a step down to the living room which had a dining table and desk and corner sofa. Although we didn't pay for a window view suite, we did get a small view of the strip. We had three flat screen tvs in our whole room and even one in the bathroom! So cool.. . As for the resort and other amenities of this hotel: there is free wifi for the suite and wifi for when you're just walking around the Grand Canal and looking at all the shoppes. I highly recommend downloading the app as they give you special discounts at their restaurants and shops and have a map of the resort hotel. Many of the shops and restaurants are very high end and I never even heard of them so we didn't buy anything. . . It was a beautiful hotel to walk around in and the great thing about the Grand Canal Shoppes is that it's indoors! Although it looks like you're outside with their sky painted ceilings. Hotel room was a little steep but I decided to splurge on this trip. If you want a luxurious getaway, this is the Hotel to go to!
Out of the hotels I've stayed in Vegas - I really think this is my favorite hotel.. . Why?. The bella suites are awesome! In both the Palazzo and Venetian! It's two queen beds, a pull out couch, a seating area,and a great bathroom. Their bath products are ok, but who really cares about that? So you can really cram a bunch of people here. We got two bella suites next to each other. And you know what? We all fit and everyone had a bed. It was frigging awesome!!. . There are four or five different pools that you can go to. The largest one is right next to Tao beachwhere you can hear the music, but not pay for the entrance (except I've gotten in on guest list), and not deal with the hellish drink line.. . There's the shopping area downstairs, just in case the boys you're with didn't realize you needed BLACK/BROWN shoes to get in and not tennies or Vans.. . You get comp'ed for the clubs. :) Also, if you get to Tao early enough, it's open bar for ladies til 10. (woot, woot). . Easy check-in, check-out.. . Easy access to Encore/Wynn for XS, Surrender, Tryst, Encore Beach club. . . Look out for deals on Jetsetter, their website, and a few different voucher sites for better deals. . . I do wish they had a fridge in the room - but it's ok, We've killed four ice machines (one on each floor) to fill our tub with ice and to chill out drinks. Hehe. Did I mention they have an awesomely large bathroom. There's two sinks, a separate potty area, a tub, and shower area.
I mean, there's really nothing not to love.  Spacious rooms, great shopping, delicious restaurants, fun clubs, affordable yet chic and most important of all, CLEAN!  The Venetian is a go to hotel, especially if traveling in larger groups.  I think we've put 8 or 9 girls in a room before and boy, what a memorable trip that was :D. . I highly recommend doing brunch at Bouchon if staying here (or at Palazzo).
What else can I add to the hundreds of great reviews?  Stay in the Venezia tower, and traverse the grand hallway.  I do mean grand!  Eat at Bouchon and have pastries at bouchon bakery kiosk.  Go in the hot tubs at night.....yes they are super heated!
Never Shows Signs of "Aging" . . . . . Ever been to a brand new hotel and then visit it 3-5 years later and it looks old and beat? Best Example: The Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. It was beautiful new but just aged so quickly and noticeably.. . . . Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, Wynn, and The Venetian have all been meticulously maintained. They are never allowed to show their true "age". The exterior paint and windows still look "fresh", while the furniture inside rooms are replaced before they look worn out. . . . This is my fifth stay at The Venetian and it still looks fabulous after 13 years (it opened May 3, 1999). Not many of us our privileged to have been to Venice, but I get to experience a really good fake Gondola Ride.
I have been to the Venetian a few times, and recently it was for Tao and Madame Tussauds.  We valet parked once and found parking another time.  Valets were friendly and quick.  They were also really helpful when we asked for directions.  The Hotel itself is beautiful.  The shops and restaurants are nice and spread out.  There is a lot to see and do.  I didn't gamble nor stay in the hotel for the evening but, will update if I ever get the chance.
This place is gorgeous. It is so clean and smells amazing. They have so much to offer inside and have a great new casino. They have it decorated so gorgeous for Christmas. The shopping mall connected is wonderful and beautiful. They offer gondola rides through the mall and into the outside for $40 a couple to share. It was too cold for us to go but it looks very romantic. I would highly reckoned visiting!
If you want to get blown away with a prototypical Vegas experience, look no further.  Come here and get it all.  An elite and large casino.  Plenty of tables and slots.  New and old machines keeps players happy.  Being an elite casino, the table games are not cheap.  My only gripe.  Go next door to Harrah's to get the more affordable tables.  Dealers are friendly and helpful, but sterile. I wish they would joke around more.  There are so many nice restaurants in this place too.  The Grand Luxe was a pleasant surprise.  I always eat there.  Go upstairs and get the most visually exciting shopping mall you will ever see.  Don't forget your camera, it will blow you away.  You feel like you're in the real Venetian, except it's Disney clean.  Shops are high end and you need to be a millionaire to shop here, but they are neat to walk around and in them.  You get the feel that you are outdoors too.  All rooms are suites.  Let's make this clear though, they take a room put a partition in the middle and call it a suite.  Still the rooms are nice as in first class nice.  You'll feel like a King or Queen here.  So, in summary, one of the nicest casino on the strip, one of the nicest rooms in Vegas, one of the best shopping anywhere and you get The Venetian.  I really don't stay here because I get comp roomsl like I do with Total Rewards (Harrahs) since the Venetian reward program doesn't give back much.  If they did, I would be staying here all the time.
A couple of tips - the delicatessen on the Grand Canal level has a self-serve soda fountain so refills are free.. . Self Park is much closer to guest room elevators than valet.  Both are free but you'll have to walk through the casino to get to the elevators when you leave your car with the valet.  With self park you are on the Grand Canal level and only pass a couple of stores before you get the guest elevators.
You'll float for about 10 minutes in a comfy gondola in a romantic setting.  We had an awesome gondolier who entertained us with personal stories and ensured we had a great time.
Loved this hotel. My favorite on the strip.  Lots to see and do. The rooms were nice, clean, and comfortable.  Staff very friendly and helpfu.
