hey, jude, imagine lucy in the sky with diamonds and a yellow submarine in an octopus's garden in the shade.  ok, enough with the corny jokes.  this show was freaking awesome!!  definitely one of my fave cirque du soleil shows!!  it was like a history lesson on acid during a beatles concert.  how can you top that?  cirque du soleil, you never cease to amaze me!  if i could, i would have rated this show 29.4 bajillion stars
Every time my friends and I come to Las Vegas we like to see 1 or 2 shows. This time my friend and I decided that we would each pick a show too see and the other cannot complain. My friend picked this show "LOVE" and I was okay with it.. . When we arrived at The Mirage we went over and picked up our  tickets from the box office and headed into the theatre.  When we got into the theatre the first thing I noticed is that the theatre wasn't as big as I thought it would be. We got ushered to out seats which were very close too the stage. We sat for awhile and I actually fell asleep. When the show was about to start my friend woke me up and from the moment it started until it ended I was blown away.. . The acrobats and performances were fabulous and the music was great.. . I'm very happy that I saw this show and cannot wait to see it again but I wont pay big bucks to have seats next to the stage because the best seats are actually the ones up higher because you can actually see everything up there.. . Great show!!!!
i think that this is one of the most beautiful shows i've ever seen. it isn't as acrobatic as mystere, more modern dance, so if you're not really into that whole dealio, then don't watch it. but, still. i loved it. that's all i can really say. i just absolutely loved it.
All my friends were out gambling and I simply couldn't bring myself to sit in a smoky casino watching them get glassy-eyed while I watched.. . 8:55 - decide to see a show. Wearing robe and no makeup.. 8:56 - consult Yelp. 8:57 - call the O box office, it's sold out. 8:59 - call the Love box office - if I can get there in 15 minutes I can get 1/2 price tickets for the 9:30 show. 9:05 - jump in a cab (fully dressed with makeup). 9:10 - get dropped off at the Mirage. 9:15 - find the box office, buy my half-price ticket. 9:20 - grab a Starbucks (no booze, I'm old!). 9:24 - settle into my seat. 9:30 - watch a beautiful, emotional, exquisitely choreographed darling of a show in an intimate (by Vegas standards, anyway) theater.. . I'm waffling between 4 and 5 stars because really liked the show but I was hoping to see more of the showy aerials of the other Cirque productions. Yes, I read the other reviews so I knew that it was light on those aspects but I still left a smidgen (just a smidgen!) disappointed.. . But what is there is gorgeous and I love any production where there is not a single performer or backstage person dialing it in. Everything (dancing, effects, props, acting, sound) was of the highest caliber. . . That seals it. 5 stars for love.
What else can I say buy AMAZING!!!!  I loved LOVE!!  The music, the costumes, the energy...so much going on at one time!!  I had seen Mystere last year and would never want to compare the two shows.  I loved them both equally but differently.  I was afraid to be disappointed given my amazement at Mystere and all the rave reviews I had heard about LOVE but it did not let me down.  My dad is no a big "show goer" but he thoroughly enjoyed it and if you know my dad, that's saying a lot.  While it wasn't as "acrobatic" as Mystere, there was so much to be in awe at and it just made me smile (and by smile I mean grinning from ear-to-ear like an idiot)!!  I can't speak to ticket prices as it was a gift from my parents but I would have paid top $ for this show.  I also agree that sitting a few rows back is better view.  We sat next to the sound booth and our seats were perfect.  If you are too close to the stage I feel like you'd get a sore neck from looking up too much!  I'm still talking about this show days later and I would love to see it again!!!!!
I was treated to this show for my birthday and was pleasantly surprised!. We sat near the front, some may argue that these are not the best seats, but I disagree, totally worth it!  I don't think this would appropriately compare to sitting in the front row at a movie theater staring up the entire time.  There are things going on everywhere, next to you, up in the air and on stage.  I was comfortable and enjoyed my view.. . The show complements the music so well and you are entertained.  If you like The Beatles you will love this show. . . It's amazing!
After seeing LOVE, my boyfriend and I watched the documentary "All Together Now" which documents the arduous process that was creating this show. The founder of Cirque, Guy, was close friends with George Harrison, who had initially thought it'd be a wonderful idea if the worlds of Cirque and the Beatles somehow met.. . It was no easy task, as this was not just a collaborative effort of the director and actors, but of the original musicians, and their family members and Apple Corps. Basically, everything you see during this show is both Cirque approved and Beatles approved, as every little decision was closely collaborated upon by the likes of George Martin, his son Giles, Yoko Ono Lennon, Olivia Harrison, Paul and Ringo. . . And it's amazing. It really is. . . While I've meanwhile never been a huge fan of the loose plots Cirque comes up with, the sensation of mixing several ethereal visions & effects with remixed, remastered Beatles songs proved to be a place-altering experience. I had many moments of being lost, confused, but joyful of that lostness. Certain moments of mixed music, mixed with the right vision, often left my speechless and happy, and as close to the Beatles as I'll ever be.. . There are two kinds of people who will see this show: Beatles fans, who will connect on a spiritual level to what this means to the fans and the actual artists, and occasional/not so much fans, who will still find something beautiful and deeply gratifying about this show, because it is just so highly worked on, so highly imagined. . . It's certainly an endeavor of its own, and its magical!. . Personal favorite scenes: Octopuses Garden (which begins magically as Good Night - I LOVED this!), Strawberry Fields Forever (a demo version which Yoko donated from her archives, reworked), Within You Without You (mixed awesomely with Tomorrow Never Knows), Something and A Day In a Life. The music was all revisited by George & Giles, and includes demo/anthology versions worked upon - including "While My Guitar Gently Weeps," which brought in a whole new orchestra to re-create the feeling of the song. It's almost like hearing these songs new, done by the master himself!. . Enjoy! :)
saw this show for the 2nd time last week and it was just as good as I had remembered it. Being a Beatles fan I was in heaven. Great music, dancing, acrobatic work , etc. I do agree with fellow reviewers that there isn't as much acrobatics as the other Cirque shows but this show is more about the music.. . I highly recommend!
I love, love, love this show. This coming from a part time Beatles fan. Meaning their music is awesome, but I don't know every song by heart and a techno cd is always chosen before one of there's. BUT this show was so amazing I don't really care what music you put in the background!. . The choreography was amazing and there was always 500 things to look at which is good if you also suffer from mild ADD like I do or your under the age of 10. The music goes perfectly of course and the costuming is elaborate. If your looking for a musical or a show about something, I wouldn't recommend this show. But if your looking to watch talented people and let them blow your mind with their talents, then head on down to Mirage and get yourself some tickets!. . If your going spur of the moment like I did you can sometimes get good deals at the half price ticket offices. Not always half price but a discount is nice when tickets run $100+.
A Vegas MUST SEE. Love this show!!! So beautiful! Seen it twice. Use a online discount code or hit up the Coke bottle special tickets.
This was actually my second time seeing this show and I LOVED it!!!  I'm more of an Elvis fan than I am of the Beatles but I like this show more than the Viva Elvis show.  Unlike the Elvis show this one does not try and chronicle the lives of the Beatles...instead it's just great dancing and acrobatics to their music.. . The first time I went I got the really expensive seats but this time I got seats farther back.  And actually I thought the view was better from farther back as you can take in the whole stage and see everything that is happening.  It's a great show and I highly recommend checking it out!
i would watch this show again in a heartbeat!!. . the wifey treated us to this show and it was all that and then some.  we are huge fans of The Beatles so i knew it was not going to dissapoint.. . she also got us excellent seats; no obstructions and perfect eye level for the festivities!  we were in section 209.. . a huge plus:  using all of the original music.  this made all the difference.  i would have cringed if some cheesy cover band recorded all of the OG songs.  i also liked how they mixed various songs w/ each other, too; very tastefully done.. . the stage props were freakin sick, for lack of a better word.  ;). . all of the acrobatics and theatrics are quintessential cirque du soleil but the variety in which they interpreted the songs was creative and entertaining.  a couple of lull moments in the middle but overall an awesome show.
I'm writing this review for other guys who are husbands and boyfriends....maybe guys who aren't really so much into "the theater", like me....maybe guys who just go to the show for your significant other. I'm a big Beatles fan. I don't love the theater, actors, or drama, but I'm always fascinated by movements of staging, lights, etc., and nothing was going to stop Mrs. H. from seeing this show on our trip. . . We lucked out scoring seats in the fourth row, but I'm sure every seat in the place is great. The sound is perfect in every direction, combined with speakers in your seat, front and back. I've read other reviews complaining that this show somehow wasn't athletic or acrobatic enough. WTF? Sure, maybe other Cirque shows have more crazy, rowdy, acrobatics, but Love certainly doesn't lack for amazing physical feats, particularly by the aerial performers. . . I highly recommend going to the Cirque web site prior to attending the show, to familiarize yourself with the director's interpretation of the characters. Had this not been recommended to me, I'd probably be kind of lost and just listening like the show is a jukebox. Instead, you're treated to a cast of characters derived from elements of each Beatles song. You'll be surprised at how these elements aren't confined to the song you'd think they belong in. . . Grab a drink or two at the Beatles Love Revo bar before going in, then tune out and tune in. Thumbs up, would go again.
Truly spectacular. From beginning to end, I was enthralled!! We were lucky enough to have 4th row seats and were so close, we felt like we were part of the action. A  true Beatles fan, I loved every second of this show.
Amazing and beautiful to witness.   Sat pretty high up, but the seats were still great.  The sound is effing amazing - I dont' know if I've ever heard the Beatles sound this good.. After the show, be sure to check out the Beatles lounge, which is a Beatles-themed bar that only plays Beatles' songs - except at 10 p.m., it turns into a gay non-Beatles bar...
Las Vegas Valentines weekend.... Beatles Love... The Love of my life... Priceless! With the 1st downbeat we were in love with the show... Amazing... simply amazing... Great songs, music and staging... Sgt. Pepper walking aimlessly yet, presence felt... Social/cultural undertones smattered with awesome choreography and daredevil acrobatics! We didn't want it to end... why did it have to end.... so so good!!!. . Couldn't ask for a better ending to amazing weekend... can't wait to go again! Doesn't get any better...
I love Cirque du Soleil. I don't really care for the Beatles. Even with that being said though, this show is simply AMAZING. This is my third favorite Cirque show behind Mystere and Ka. And that's saying a lot since I've seen almost all the shows they've ever done. And I'm not talking about the ones only in Vegas. I've seen Saltimbanco, Allegria, Corte and a lot more. So for me to say that this is my third favorite while not favoring the actual Beatles is a lot.. . This show is a lot more musical with less acrobatics. That was fine with me because the entire score sounds absolutely amazing in this theater. Every seat has it's own speaker system built in and every seat offers a great view no matter where you sit.. . This show is highly recommended by yours truly and it's a show that I would definitely see again and again.
Great show. We went for Valentine's Day weekend, and were right next to where the performers walk in and out!. . The music was amazing. The dancing was great. It was not as acrobatic as most Cirque du Soleil shows, but it was much more fun! I wanted to sing and dance the whole show.. . Wonderfully done!!!
I saw this show with a friend for her birthday and it is my absolute favorite of all the Cirque shows here in Vegas.  Felt like an eye-gasm! ... If you love The Beatles, it is a must. We had great seats, not up by the stage but not in the very back. There is so much going on all over. They cover alot of their songs, my favorite being Blackbird. I also loved the performance of Octopus's Garden. I want to go back and watch it again! . . Also, check out the Revolution lounge before or after the show, We went and got a drink before the show started.
I've been to two Cirque shows in the past, and honestly was a little bored by them. I always totally respected the artistic and acrobatic side of their shows, I just couldn't help but leave a little underwhelmed. Not this time.... . Because this is an actual Cirque theater, and not a traveling tent - they can pull off many more stage changes and video screens - and just put an all around better show.. . Plus, the Beatles factor was was amazing! The music was awesome, the visual tricks were hypnotizing, and the acrobatics were awe inspiring. I love the Beatles, but think that any music can really help with spicing things up. I think a Led Zeppelin or Jimi show would also be crazy good.. . Easily the best Cirque du Soleil I've ever seen. 5 stars!
Went to the 9:30 show last night. Paid for my own tickets online and sat in section 102 row A - RIGHT UP FRONT!. . What a show! Seats were great, the performers and performances were incredible, the costumes and props were neat. Oh, the music was FANTASTIC. Had a speaker hidden in front of us and it was loud! Loved it!. . Scene changes and prop movement was flawless and seamless. Incredible performers. Athletic, powerful and beautiful.. . The good - Everything! Over the top a true Vegas show.. The bad - The annoying blonde gal sitting behind me. I get it, you know the words to most Beatle songs but so does everyone else. Keep it too yourself. I didn't travel 2,000 miles and pay good money to hear you....ZIP IT. I gave her friend the evil eye during a short "quiet" moment and they got the hint.
I only wish it lasted another two hours, was ready to sit through another show.  The songs were incredible, the atmosphere magnetic, the performers fabulous.  We have not seen a Cirque show before, but if this is any indication of how they are, we will try another soon.  Our seats were great, which enhanced the experience.  All ya need is Love, for sure!!
I love Cirque du Soleil, and I've always been inspired by the Beatles' music, so I've been wanting to see this show for a long time.  Finally, I took my girl to go see it with me.. . We loved it!  The music was, of course, the highlight of the evening (the Beatles' music never sounded better), but as always with Cirque du Soleil the performance art was fantastic as well.  . . I can't say I liked it more than Mystere, butI enjoyed it just as much, and I can't recommend it more highly.
This is the most incredible show I've ever seen in my entire life. I really don't know what else to say about it. It was amazing. I have dreams about it. I try to replay it in my mind all the time. . . I'm a huge Beatles fan, but I went with people who were not big Beatles fans, and they absolutely loved it too. It was the highlight of our vacation. . . IMPORTANT NOTE: I do not recommend buying the more expensive tickets for seats up front. Instead, I suggest buying the cheaper seats further back in the main section (not the corner sections). I think we sat in the last row of section 200, and we had an excellent view of everything. I think the seats regularly cost $99, but we got them at a discount and paid $80-something each. . . The cool thing about Cirque du Soleil is that the action is happening above you and the stage, not just in front of you as is typical with most theaters. If you sit right in front of the stage, you will be straining your neck looking behind and above you to see a lot of the action. If you sit further back, you will have a better view of the entire show. Without spoiling it for you, you will actually "miss" one cool part of the show if you sit too close to the front. . . Overall, I HIGHLY recommend going to Beatles LOVE. It is a truly amazing show and something that you will remember for the rest of your life.
I am a huge Beatles fan and this show was absolutely perfect. I had rear seats and it felt like we were sitting in box seats. The view was great.. . Overall the show was amazing!
Any Beatles fan will have their own connection with the music.  Now imagine this paired with amazing acrobatic skill in an interactive show.  The audience is seated in a circle and the show is presented in the middle. We were seated so close that I could reach out to the side and touch the stage.  I can't say that I'm a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, but paired with the the songs of my life...I was wearing my heart on my sleeve. I was giggling, laughing, and in tears.  I'm buying my parents tickets! I'm going again when I'm in town.  That's how much people should see this show....if they're Beatles fans.  If not...well, I think there's a Carrot Top show playing down the street.
Best show I have seen in a long time!  I live in Vegas and went with my fiancee and future in-laws.  There is no such thing as a "bad seat" at this show.  If anything, I felt like I couldn't take in everything that was happening on stage because we sat so close (second row)!  "Experiential" definitely describes this show!  I'd recommend it to anyone, Beatles fan or not!
Fantastic show whether you are or are not a Beatles fan. Yes the tickets are like 150.00 each but what is not pricey in vegas? Definetly recommend taking in this show whenever you are in vegas.
Although it's not the most impressive Cirque du Soleil in terms of crazy athleticism, I think it's written extremely well and tells such a great story whilst adding the right balance of music and excitement. . . My favorite part was the little yellow rain boots. I wanted to take them home with me :).  The part with the crazy ribbons was also really trippy. So many metaphors and artistic interpretations ... really deep
Though I'm not much of a Cirque du Soleil fan, I am a huge Beatles fan.  While visiting Las Vegas recently, it was the only show that really appealed to me, and when you're in Vegas you just have to catch a show!. . Suffice to say, I was enamored by the performance.  Seeing the songs put to motion, with rich costumes, fun, quirky props, and outstanding acrobatics, was positively breathtaking.  The endearing love story woven through the extensive selection of Beatles tunes captured and held me from the very start.  . . If I ever have the opportunity to see it again, I am totally there!  This is a show that's not to be missed!
I don't really love the Beatles, and I borderline detest Cirque du Soleil. But I dig this show! Great music and sound, creative, artsy visuals, amazing costumes, astounding feats of athleticism and lots of energy and FUN!. . I've seen it twice: once from the very last row of seats, and once from the front row. My advice would be to sit halfway! Front row is below stage level, so you can't see everything, and back row is kinda far from the action. But it was still an excellent experience both times.. . I hate to admit this, but this show is kinda uplifting...and might even touch you on an emotional level! I've heard Beatles schlock in so many commercials and movies and other spiritually bankrupt settings that I didn't think the music would have much effect on me... but it did! Despite the fact that it's just a bunch of hardbodied dancers in freaky makeup going through the motions twice a night, five nights a week...somehow the lights, effects, music and choreography all come together to make it feel really genuine and interesting. (The TOTAL OPPOSITE of Viva Elvis, incidentally...more on which in my review of that show.) . . In summation: this show is fabulous...and would probably be even better in a state of altered consciousness!
My favorite Vegas show so far. If you're a Beatles fan you will love it (no pun intended). The music and imagery create a unique experience that you won't find anywhere else. There isn't as much aerial work in Love as there are in other Cirque shows but the music and colors and overall psychedelic vibe more than makes up for that. We sat in the second row but next time we want to sit higher up to get a different vantage point. Will definitely be seeing again someday, as I'm sure this thing will run for a long time.
This is truly an amazing show!!! I was not a fan until I actually saw this show randomly in Vegas.. . The characters were absolutely fabulous!! I came with a "Celeb"(So to say) and the Acrobats made a point to say hello and wave after each set which was pretty cool. The music speaks for itself.....ummm its The Beatles!!. . I would come and see this show every time I visit Vegas if I could! . . Fabulous!!!!!! Try and buy the soundtrack too!
Woohoo!  Best Cirque show I've been to yet!  Some might say I am biased because I have this love for Beatles music, but I think that the content of the show and the theatrics were very exciting from beginning to end.  I was sitting on the second to the top tier as we had discounted locals tix and the view was still great.  Granted, I would've liked to sit a little closer (for reasons that I will not disclose because there is a certain part of the show that gets the people up front involved) but watching from up top was still awesome.  The music timed up with the theatrics was a real treat as well because it's 1) obviously the Beatles and 2) the mixing of the songs were seamless and flowed very nicely.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of was my pricey beer.  But, hey, it's the Mirage so what do you expect?. . Definitely a treat and I would highly recommend!
One thing I've noticed, reading a few reviews here, is that people who don't like the Beatles also don't like Cirque du Soleil. Interesting, no? Who are these people? Where do they live? I seem to not know a single such person and would like to talk with them and find out what life is like in the chilly alternate universe where they live. Anyway. "Love" is a first-rate show and really should be first on your list for a Vegas trip. (Other than, you know, the "gaming" thing - at what point, by the way, did "gambling" become "gaming"? But I digress.) As any number of people here say, if you love the Beatles you'll love this show and go a little nuts about it, and if you just sort of like the Beatles, this show may open your eyes and change your life. For the better.
MAGICAL! AMAZING! Worth every second. I was upset when I had to blink. Absolutely outstanding.
I came here during a company conference a few years ago and now Im making a review because I'll going here again this weekend.  I'll tell you what its the best show i've seen on the strip! Well the fact is that I haven't seen KA, O, Blue Man Group or any other Cirque du Soleil shows in Sin City. This show will mesmerize the mind in some way and it as a fun kick to it.. . When you first walk inside before ticketing, WOW the lobby corridor is GrooOOVE!!! Psychedelic! its like being in Austin Powers British world, Yeah Baby! now strike a pose and take pics! Make sure you get some of that Strawberry Fields drink at the bar beforeseating and keep your souvenir cup (I left mine behind the first time).. . We all sat a few rows down from the top on one of those 200 sections, it was easy to see, no matter how far you are because the stage is round.. . Early part of the show your gonna hear the beats thumpin' rolling into the track "get back" it got me bobbin my head. At the start, the music is slow, and soothing and so forth. The performances are great! the Choreography is Cirque Du Soleil splendid! they all flow accordingly of some of the Beatles greatest hits.. . Before all of this, I had little knowledge of Beatle Music and knowing that its my parents teenage years of their generation, was the craze!  I remember seeing some those old Beatles records my dad kept at his childhood home but it must be golden.. . I recommend seeing this show, it got me to be a believer that's why I've been wanting to take my woman this time around and that's why I played the Beatles Love CD soundtrack (provided from my company swagbag) like non-stop on our road trip back home from conference and again I played the music soundtrack non-stop on a road trip to Arizona. The music is catchy and it would make you appreciate Beatles Music more after watching this show. It even got me playing Rock Band Beatles on my XBOX 360! for crying out loud!. . This is how i can describe the Beatles Love show at the Mirage: happy,joy,sad,celebrate,and all you need is love...
Lets start out by saying that I am not a Beatles fan.  There are a handful of songs that I like but never got into them.  I tend to like the folk portion of that era of music. And you know what it did not matter one bit.  It was a fun high energy show that should make anyone smile. . . My husband who likes the Beatles less than I do can wait to take the girls.
When I'm in Vegas I like to do three things: Eat, Drink, and Gamble. I know that Vegas is known for their great shows but I'd rather spend my money on other things, such as stuffing my face and getting drunk. . . But when I went here with my sister, aunt, and Grandmother, I knew I was going to have to spend at least one night at a show. . . Oh Man was I happy we chose this one! Love was awesome!!! I had such a good time. You don't need to be a HUGE Beatles fan to love this show. My aunt doesn't like the Beatles that much and she adored this show. . . If you're going to go to only one show in Vegas, this should be it!
This one was extra special for me.  Love the Beatles so I was on the edge of my seat the entire time. . . Theyre lucky they didnt fail me or my family.  Emotional for many reasons so thank you Mr. Producer for not failing me!!
What more can I say that fellow Yelpers haven't already? I lived in Las Vegas for about a year and in that year I saw Love, O, Mystere, Ka, and Believe and let me start out by saying that Cirque du Soleil is beautiful, elegant, amazing, and just good fun, no matter which show you go to BUT Love by far is my favorite. You're on the edge of your seat the whole time. The dancing is great, the music is great, its colorful, bright, almost psychedelic and whimsical. I love that there isn't a bad seat in the house. It's a spendy show, like all the Cirques but you're paying for something exceptional. Have fun.
Wow...this show brought up every emotion in me from my first crush, to passionate love, to the pain of losing a parent, and then went on to fill my heart with happiness and joy. The music, the stage set up, the performers...all amazing. I love The Beatles but I think any person would like this show. Warning: beware of the bar's Beatles themed drinks. They are large (comes with a souvenir cup) and you will almost pee your pants because you will refuse to miss one second of the show. I pretty much ran in heels as soon as I could escape the exiting crowd. :P Also, go to the souvenir shop earlier in the day to avoid the after show crowd.
great show! the GF and I enjoyed it.
I'd give LOVE ten stars if that option was available. Easily the most entertaining stage performance I have ever attended - entertaining, great effects and sequences, terrific music, and great heart.. . I'd never seen a Cirque show before this one and I went in not too sure what to expect. I was a bit concerned that there'd be a lot of pretentious prancing about as we watched some sort of freakish Marcel Marceau meets the Ringling Brothers meets The Fab Four for ninety minutes, but it was nothing like that. It was tasteful and highly entertaining.. . As a long time Beatles fan I appreciated that they didn't stick with all of the extremely obvious, overplayed songs and kept it all relevant to the story they were trying to tell, rather than making it be a cheesy procession of Beatlemania references set to acrobatics.. . If you're in to huge amounts of the circus-style trapezery you might prefer other Cirque's but this one was just right for us - a great night out.. . The only way I can see anyone giving a show like this fewer than five stars is if they come in with some very specific expectations of what a Cirque du Soleil should be.
What an amazing show!  I love the Beatles and have been wanting to see this show since I heard about it.  Luckily, a friend was coming in town so I had an excuse to do the touristy thing and see it.  The visual effects were insane.  I wish I still did drugs cause this show would be a trip!  The skating part was pretty rad and the surround sound on the seats was killer.  My friend was in a wheelchair and they were able to move a chair out and give her her own little surround sound speakers.  Pretty neato.  I'd like to see this show again.  There was so much going on that I'm sure it'd be like seeing a whole other show the 2nd time.
AMAZING. WORTH EVERY PENNY. If you are in Vegas and looking for a show to go see LOVE needs to be on the top of your list.. . Stop reading this review and buy tickets. Thank me later
best 90 minutes of my lifeeeeeee! amazingamazingamazing!!!
I have seen all of the cirque shows and by far this is the best one!!. . Nothing beats  LOVE, not even "O" (even though "O" is good) LOVE is just amazing!  It is beautiful with an array of colors and fantastic acoustics in the theatre in the round.  If you love the Beatles it is a plus!  I wasn't a big Beatles fan but I still enjoyed the show immensely!  . . If you have an opportunity go and watch it.. It is worth the investment!!
This was my first Cirque show. It was a 2 hour show at the Mirage Hotel. . . At points throughout the show, I did not know where to look because there was so much stuff going on everywhere. It was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. I did not grow up in The Beatles time period of history so I was just "eh" about it, but after this show... I just wanna go home and download all their albums. Everyone should go watch it !
Best show I ever saw, mind blowing, I recommend it to everyone who goes to Vegas and the peeps that saw it thanked me for hyping it up if you like the Beatles go and see it you will not be disappointed
I sort of feel like if you've been to one Cirq show you've been to them all, just with a different theme..Until The Beatles LOVE experience at the Mirage. . . With all of the Cirq shows there comes a point where there's so much going on that even with the max dose of A.D.D. medication, you still feel like you missed a few things. BUT this show is worth the concentration, that is if you like the music of the Beatles. . . Lets discuss the stage.. WOW! The intricacies of this stage could very well be even more impressive than the performers (almost). . . I don't recommend a front row seat to this show, or any Cirq show for that matter, it's just too close and you'll miss all of the grandness happening on a larger wider scale. Midway up and pretty much anywhere in the showroom would work, the further up you sit, the more you see. . . OK people, it's just not possible to describe in detail my entire experience that evening at The Beatles LOVE show, but I will leave you with this. . . IF you are a fan of Beatles music you MUST see this show! It will leave your feet tapping and I guarantee you will have to fight the urge to want to sing along..or punch the person sitting next to you for singing along (poorly). . . It's a must see, don't miss it!
I highly recommend the show.  Although I did not know 2/3 of the songs, I enjoyed the experience fully.  The arena is round, so the stage is 360 -- therefore, there is no bad seat in the house!  My mind was overwhelmed by trying to track all the dancers and acrobats coming from all parts of the stage (and above too!).  It can be little loud, especially at the beginning of the show, so wear ear plugs if you must.. . It's the bomb!
This is something you must see when you arrive in Vegas. It is no wonder why it has been the number one show in for the past five years. The music is beautifully mixed and doesn't necessarily follow the chronological format of which the music has been released, it fits where it needs to fit. You must always keep your head a spindle because you dong want to miss what daring thing will pass by your hair.. Go see the show, even if you are a non-Beatles fan. "All you need is LOVE"
This was the last show I saw when visiting Vegas.  I thought it was absolutely fantastic and a must see, especially for Beatles fans.  I got a great deal and got great seats (2nd row!).  That close you can see the performers running by doing their thing it was incredible.  The changing stage was pretty cool and a lot of the aerial stuff was great.  Not overly acrobatic like other Cirque shows but still enjoyable.  I really thought it was cool you can buy drinks at the bar before going into the theater (with your drinks).  Got a margarita with a collector cup for like $15 or so.
Saw the show a 2nd time for wife and son's birthday. Have to believe it's a new show every time depending on where you're sitting there is so much going on and above the stage. Sat in the upper 200 section the first time and 5th row this time. Was amazed that sitting up so close that there was such attention to detail in the costumes and props - how did they get these things to move off battery!? Great music. Great performers. If you're going to ONE show, it's got to be Love.  Try tix4tonight for discount tickets but get there early in the morning, if it's your birthday try the box office direct for a house discount.
Went last year with family.  Went last week with the other family.  It's amazing.. . Obviously you should be a Beatles fan to go - it's only Beatles.  Mind blowing is all I can think of to say.. . The 2nd time I got to see some of the stuff I didn't see the first time - I can't wait to go a 3rd time to find out what else I've missed.. . Just go - if you're a fan of the music I can't imagine you'd not love "Love" as much as I did.
This is one awesome show not to be missed! For Beatles fans knowing the story of Julia, it is tough to watch the car wreck scene.
One word: incredible. I was lucky enough to be taken here as a birthday present. If you are a Beatles fan this is a must see when you're in Vegas. If you're not a Beatles fan, then you should still go because you will leave there being one.. . This show is an amazing tapestry of the great songbook of the Beatles mixed with the story of their lives all portrayed by the amazing acrobatics, grace and athleticism of the Cirque du Soleil team.. . The staff goes all out dressed in their very own Sgt Pepper garb and a few of the cast members come out to entertain the audience while you wait.. . A tip too if you're going: Try to get seats that are midlevel at the back. I don't want to spoil it but something happens during the show and when you're in these seats you get to see something most people won't.  It's just a magical experience and well worth the high ticket price. I left an even bigger Beatles fan then when I came and even got a little choked up during the last number.. . All you need is LOVE!
An amazing experience from start to finish.  Even if you aren't a Beatles fan, you will no doubt enjoy yourself at Love.  . . Get the big drink - its $15 for a single and $20 for a triple.  . . Blackbird, Yesterday, and Hey Jude were my favorite parts.  My only disappointment was the lack of 'Let it Be', but I'll let it slide because the Beatles obviously have way too many great songs to fit into 90 minutes. . . Very difficult to explain in any detail, you just have to see the show.
Simply amazing. Take your lady, you won't go wrong. Even if you're not a fan of the Beatles you'll love Love(no pun intended).
WOW!!! This show was amazing.  Everyone that is looking for a show to see in Vegas should definitely hit this up!!!  The theatrical performances and visuals were incredible.  I would highly recommend anyone that loves the beatles to check this out.  Go to this you will not be disappointed.
If you are ever in Las Vegas and could watch one show...Cirque du Soleil's Beatles Love is the one to watch, hands down. I've seen all of the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas and this is my most favorite, incredible from start to finish, alot of things going on at the same time and the way they incorporated the Beatles songs into their performance was brilliant. Words alone can't describe how good this show is. A friend of mind rarely listens to music let alone Beatles songs and came away very impressed. This is definitely a must see and  very highly recommended!!
By far the best show I've ever seen.  Let me say this a the start, I don't/didn't/never have liked Beatles music.  . . With that said, this show has a way to make you tap your shoe and nod your head to the music.  Also, with most Cirque shows, I have a very hard time paying attention throughout the show, and at some point actually find myself getting a little bored by the time the show ends.  That definitely did not happen with this one. . . With each song having it's own story, it definitely helps keep you interested throughout.  Amazing show, and definite must see while you're in Vegas!
I've seen Cirque De Soleil's The Beatles Love Show at The Mirage 3x in the past year, that's how much I love it. . . The first time we watched, the theater didn't get full. We were lucky and got a complimentary upgrade to the front row. Awesome! =). . When the show started, I immediately got goose bumps. The Beatles music was so powerful and moving.. And listening to their awesome music at the Mirage theater while being beautifully and artistically interpreted by Cirque was one of the most memorable experiences of my life. . . The performers were all lovely and incredible to watch. Dancers/Acrobats were coming from all sides and angles of the stage and it was all so amazing to see. The glitter, the life, the movements and all the props jived to make the show successful and enjoyable to watch for people from all walks of life. . . The whole show is perfection to me but my most favorite parts are the intro "Because", "Something", "I am the Walrus" and of course my all time fave "While my guitar gently weeps." Call me sappy, corny, crazy or whatever but I got all teary-eyed during the show and all I could think of was bringing my dad to the show. If there was one person in the world who would appreciate this show to its core, it's my Dad. The reason I learned "While my guitar" on the electric guitar and my love for music, I owe all to him. I guess I raved about the show so much that 5 months later, I found myself in the theater watching it for the second time, this time my Dad was there! =). . Third time I saw the show was just this last Sunday. My friend who shares the same love for music and The Beatles witnessed the amazing performance with me this time. The show had always been a lil pricey but my friend knew somebody who performs for the Cirque so he was able to hook us up with tickets for half the price! Woohoo!! . . *Sigh* Perfection from start to finish! I love The Beatles and Cirque so much, I think Imma make it a regular must-go-to show everytime I'm in Vegas.. Worth every fuck!n penny! =)
WOW!!!!......1 hour and a half of WOW! It is worth EVERY penny whether your a Beatles fan or not. The music, The actors, The special affects, The costumes...just WOW!
Beautiful and visually stunning show! I've only seen a few of the Cirque shows but so far this if my favorite of all of them! . . I loved the music and when the Beatles shadows come out and you feel like they are in the show too! The dancing, the propos, the colors, the acrobatics.. all of it is just a perfect medley.. . My only complaint is that they need someone to watch people during the show. We had a drunk girl sitting next to us who kept getting up, talking very loudly during the show, etc. -- someone should've asked her to quiet down or leave. They had tons of ushers before and after the show but need someone to monitor more during the show. It was very distracting but no reflection on the actual show as much as the venue.
Agh! I did not have the best seats for this show. I was behind a pillar and learned the hard way that "obstructed view" REALLY means obstructed. I suggest you do it right and plan early so you can catch more than glimpses of this fun show.. I hope you like the Beatles, because this show is all Beatles, all the time and I LOVED IT! The soundtrack is amazing and the performers and props were beautiful and just perfect. More than once did the show have that "Ahhhhh!" factor. I can't wait to return and see this show the proper way (without Pillars). It's definitely worth the money and your precious Vegas time. It will make your trip for sure!
Go! Go! Go!. . Whether you are a huge Beatle fan or not you will enjoy this show! The show was just beautiful and you can't take your eyes off of it. . . Best cirque show I've see to date... keep your eye out for deals because it can be pricey, pretty much no seat is a bad seat -- if you can get somewhere in the middle I'd say that's your best bet.. . Everytime I hear a Beatle song now I smile and think of the show... it's just great!
Love!!  I love!. Man almost all my senses were heightened during this show.  . It was just beautiful.  . My dad teared up a bit watching it.. Even if you're not a Beatles fan, you will love it.. It's amazing how it brings together pop culture, dance, music, visual effects, acrobatics, and humor to pull at your heart strings.. I got 20% off my ticket looking for deals on Mirage's website. I also saw later 50% off deals through Travelzoo.com.  Still, well worth the $115 I paid.  . We sat in section 209  row N and our seats were perfect!  We were included in the special effect and had a great view of everything going on.. Amazing!  My dad said he wants to make seeing it an annual thing.
Q: Is there any Las Vegas hotel that doesn't have a Cirque du Soleil show? A: That was rhetorical.. . I've seen most of the Cirque shows and The Beatles LOVE is so far my favorite. Probably because The Beatles are TEN THOUSAND TIMES BETTER than the Cirque house band playing quasi-rock with the operatic singer. It's not that the house band is bad, it's just I've never really left a Cirque show thinking, "Hey, I really want to buy that KA soundtrack." . . The seating for LOVE was circular with the stage in the middle. We sat around 2/3's up and the seats were excellent. I think even the highest "cheap" seats (and by cheap I mean expensive) are probably pretty decent. Conversely, if you sit in the first row, right next to the stage, although you'll be able to see the sweat stains on the performers (how cool is that?), you'll probably miss the 75% of the show that's behind them. . . The show was awesome. Lights, sounds, dancers, acrobats, trampolines, smoke, color... Volkswagens (i.e., Beetles). A Fahrvergnugen on the senses. . . The only downside were the couple of guys next to us who for some reason thought this was an audience participation karaoke event. Memo to singers: "Uh, just 'cuz you know the words doesn't mean you're obligated to sing." Just saying.. . Love, love, love.
If you love The Beatles GO!!! I loved this show!!!  My 1st Cirque show and I would do it again!
My fiancee and I have seen this show a couple of times, and it is our favorite one!!  . . Creative, fun, great seats anywhere you sit because it's in the round.  It is almost better to sit up in the second section to get a bird's eye view of the entire production.. . When you sit really close, you are constantly turning your head left to right to see everything that is happening.. . The roller skaters with big wooly mammoth boots on is my favorite part!. . Go see this show!!  It's legit!!
As a Cirque du Soleil show: 5 stars. As a Beatles tribute: 4.5 stars. . I have seen Mystere, O, Zumanity, Quidam, Corteo, and Kooza. Love is my favorite Cirque show. Not only do you get the acrobatic amazement of Cirque du Soleil, but you the color and flare of the Yellow Submarine and a soundtrack of your Beatles favorites. . . As far as being a Beatles tribute, I think you can safely say it is a good tribute and throughout, is a tribute to the visual aspects of the Beatles - the colors, images, cartoons, etc we associate with the band. They are not trying to tell the story of the Beatles, just A story of their music. As such, I think it was quite brilliant, but die-hard Beatles fan should not expect a faithful and dutiful tribute to each Beatle or the band or the period in which they lived. This is, after all, a circus show :)
I dare anyone to describe this phenomenal show in words.  Beatles fans would love this.  The show is very pleasing to the eyes and utilizes acrobatics, synchronized dancing, special lighting effects, and more to create a one-of-a-kind Cirque du Soleil interpretation of songs by The Beatles.  I enjoyed every minute of it from beginning to end.  There were plenty of visuals occurring all at once and I sometimes didn't really know where to look.  This is a show that I could definitely watch again and see something that I might've missed the last time.. . 100's seating is closest to the stage, with 300's (balcony) being the farthest and cheapest.  I was seated in the 200's and found it far enough to get a perfect bird's eye view, but not too far that I couldn't see the performers faces.  If I sat any closer I'd probably be moving my head a lot. . . I have become a Cirque du Soleil fan and plan on seeing many more of their shows on future visits.  Perhaps Mystere will be next on my list.
Just see it..plain and simple. There aren't words to adequately explain it so no reason to try.
It is my favorite show in Las Vegas.  I have frequented Vegas once a year the past three years, and I have seen this show each of the visits.  I LOVE the Beatles but even if I didn not like the Beatles, I would like the show.  The soundtrack is great and all the scenes in the show tie in to an event that happened in the 1960's, or in the lives of the Beatles.  Can't wait to see it again.  ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE!
I've been looking forward to watch this show and I was not disappointed, in fact, during the whole show,felt that I was In different dimension, our ticket was a little pricey as it was last minute but  we were in one of the best seats and it's worth every penny..I'm sure even those who watched from the seat farther, enjoyed the show as much as I did. Performers were great, sounds and of course the Beatle's music was amazing ,  I want to watch this show 5 or 10 more times. For my sons who were natural daredevils, it will excite them to the max and to my daughters who love music and dancing, it will surely amaze them. I plan to watch this show with the whole family next year. To the whole production of "LOVE" well done, great job, and more power to you, and may you continue to awe more people with the greatness of your show.
I just have a few things to say:. . PHENOMENAL, MESMERIZING, SENSORY OVERLOAD! . . I am not a huge Beatles fan, in fact I only knew a handful of the songs, but I loved the music and the artistry of the show. There were some awesome technical special effects. Every seat is amazing, the 360 stage is a wonderful idea. . . Tip - Any seat in the 100 or 200 level will be a great seat...I actually think it's better to sit up higher in the 200 level because you will get to see EVERYTHING and won't  have to look up too much. . . This is my second Cirque show, I saw Zumanity which was great, but very different in style. I have taken a vow to see a Cirque show every time I go to Vegas.
I laughed. I cried. I sang. And I cried again. . . I thought this show would be a must-see for any Beatles fan, and a Beatles fan only, because who else would be willing to spend so much on a ticket? I finally took my mother last weekend, and I realized I was wrong. I am a die-hard fan of the Fab Four, but surely anyone would appreciate this show. It was amazing. It was my first Cirque du Soleil Experience ever, and I picked the perfect one. It was just spectacular- I don't think I can even come up with the words to describe this show to you- and I don't really want to. I think the best thing you can do in order to be able to know what I'm talking about- book your tickets as soon as possible. It's the best money you'll ever spend.  While I was aware that there was a lot of circus related acts in the show, I was surprised how much else I saw- ballet, art, Step dance, Hip Hop, gymnastics, beautiful lights and special effects, and SO much more, following an amazing story. You won't be disappointed. . . I have to say that watching ALL of my favorite songs come to life in this theater was a really comfortable experience, as well. The theater's seating is designed to so all audience members can enjoy the performances...and after all, there were acrobats dangling from the ceiling and floating past me as "Strawberry Fields" was amplified throughout the auditorium, which is always hard to miss. But, just saying, as a woman who of only 4'9", it was pretty awesome to be sitting in a theater where I wasn't peering over the tall man in the seat in front of me. Everything that was happening on the floor below me (which was a lot, too!) was just as visible as everything that was happening above. It felt like my mother and were constantly pointing out new things to each other, whispering in each others ears, saying "Oh my gosh, loo over there!" "Wow, what's that happening?" And both of us sang, too. . . It was mesmerizing, a hands-down must-see. I really felt like all the boys were in the room celebrating with us at certain points...(though I'll be nice and spare you the details of why this was so...) It was so captivating that halfway through the show, I realized I hadn't even drank very much of my "Can't buy me love" cranberry vodka drink....I was so distracted with all the special effects. (They also sell a "Hard Day's Night and another drink named after a song....) . . Beatles fans, young and old, will appreciate this amazing show, while other non-fans find will find themselves discovering a side of them they didn't know existed. If there's any show that I can ever recommend, it's this one. You will NOT be disappointed. . . At the end of the performance, we all stood and clapped. As we all made our way out of the theater, I saw a sea of people, and nearly every one of them held two fingers up for peace, as we all marched out with smiles plastered upon our faces. I think that was exactly the point of the show...peace and love, folks. PEACE and LOVE. . . I'm ready to book my next show, I'm not even joking....it's so worth it. Go book yours, too!
My wife, son and I were really amazed by this show. Very imaginative, creative and inspired. The setting for each song was spot-on and it captured the energy and vibe of the Beatlessongs perfectly. For a die-hard Beatles fan like myself, I worried about a "cheese factor" - not there. Even if you only like a few Beatles tunes, you'll enjoy this presentation (sonic mash-ups of their recorded catalog). It's a psychedelic circus for the eyes and packs an emotional wallop too. Really great. . . Highlights - Something, A Day in the Life, Eleanor Rigby, Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.
The girls and I were in Vegas and wanted to do something different other than party our a55es off haha even though we so totally did! But we purchased the cheapest tickets to this show but were front row balcony baby and I must say this show was amaaaaazing!. . The show was kind of psychedelic with all the vivid colors,odd characters, and fantastic illuminations.... but the music and the skill of their various talents in acrobatics and dance fused together in perfect harmony!. . And it was so cute how the older generations were standing up and singing along to the tunes!. . The Beattles are simply classic. And whoever thought of this wonderful idea in incorporating The Beattles music with cirque was bloody marvelous! (insert British accent here!)
An amazing show.  We finished up a business trip by taking about 25 people out to see "LOVE".  Wow.. . Complete sensory overload... there's so much going on you can't keep up with it all, and it's all amazing.. . Wonderful performances and display of skills by the artists, (of course) great music, and non-stop action.  We sat about mid-way up and I actually recommend sitting up in the higher seats so you can see more of what is going on.. . The performance is technically brilliant and well done.  Highly recommend this one!
An overwhelming show from start to finish. It seems longer than the 80 minutes (or so) run time, which is a great thing. I didn't want the show to end.. . It's a perfect interpretation of The Beatles' music and legacy.
AWESOME!  I am not a "musical" guy but we all know every single song played in this one and it was great.  The combination of familiar music, modern dance, acrobatics, etc... make it an incredible night out.  Really fun.  My wife and I are 40ish and we loved. I bet our kids would have enjoyed too had them been here on this trip. Wholesome family fun! I highly recommend!
parking in any casino is away from the casino or show.. . the music, the lights, the performers.  EVERYTHING is AWESOME!. . if you've heard the beatles before and loved their music.  Put this show together with the music and you're taken into this little world where you want to be a part of it.. . the tricks and the music enhance each other perfectly.  it made me want to buy the dvd, the cd, and tshirts.  it was just that good.  . . i wanted to meet the whole cast of performers.  i kept thinking to myself, are these performers who learned how to skate?  or are they skaters who took a job.  lol.. . i've seen quite a few Cirques and this one is ONE OF THE BEST!  This is a MUST SEE.
This is a really good show. The only thing is, if you don't like the Beatles, you might not like is as much as other Cirque shows.
I've seen over 5 cirque de soleil shows and this is definitely one of the best.. . I've never been a big Beatles fan, but this show is definitely a must see. It far exceeded my expectations and I plan on watching it again the next time I go to Vegas.
As a Beatles fan, I was really looking forward to seeing this show and I was not disappointed! The Beatles LOVE is filled with songs from the Beatles paired with acrobatics, dancing, singing, special effects, and much more. It was almost to the point where there was too much going on.. . On a random note, the drinks that they sell in the lobby before you go into the theater are amazing. I got the "Here Comes The Sun" drink and all I remember is that it was fruity and had vodka (but I couldn't taste it which I'm okay with).
I love the Beatles! Ok, I'm not a diehard fan, but I'm a fan and I love their music.  This show was awesome. The only other Cirque Du Soleil show I've seen in Vegas is "O" and honestly, there is no way to compare these shows.  I loved them both!  Love was colorful, fun, amusing, emotional, at times freaky and just plan crazy!  . . The stage is in the center, I don't think there are any bad seats.  However, like all Cirque Du Soleil shows, where you seat will determine your experience.  We got seats 3 rows from the stage and it just felt like we were in the show.  It was difficult to see everything that was going on because there was just so much going on.  We were able to get last minute tickets on the day of the show with a student discount ($89) at the Mirage box office, I think these seats normally go for about $150, so don't forget your student IDs!!
The most incredible show I've ever seen.  Really makes you realize how timeless the Beatles music is and how current it still sounds, especially the songs that were "mashed" together.  We got these tix at a discount but after seeing the show, would have had no problem paying full price.  Sit up high, it affords you the best view!
This was my first Vegas show and the only Cirque I've seen, so I spent a lot of the time being nervous that the performers were going to fall. But they didn't. Holy moly Batman, are they in shape! . . I'm a gigantic Beatles purist so I wasn't sure how I'd react to their music being reconfigured, but it was done in the best way. George Martin wouldn't let it come out any way but the best. I think Lennon would be thrilled with the musical styling, as he loved to hear his work augmented and distorted in ways that added dimension and new feeling. But I heard that even Paul loved it, so great job Sir Martin!. . If you haven't thought of "Tomorrow Never Knows" in ages, this show is guaranteed to get it stuck in your head. It's the one with the sea gull-sounding distortions that you listened to repeatedly after school when you hated everyone and everything in junior high and sticking your head in between the speakers and turning the record up loud made it all go away for a while. Very inexpensive therapy for a kid! However, this show wasn't: we paid $250 each.. . Recommended if you love the Beatles, or want to.
Out of the 5 Cirque shows I've seen, this is my favorite. The sound system is amazing to compliment the awesome soundtrack. It's quite possibly one of the most moving experiences from a show I've ever felt. I would pay full price again to see this show a second time!
What a great show!  I saw the Elvis show @ Aria and found it boring and lame.  Half of our group fell asleep.  I was a little apprehensive about seeing another Cirque musical based on yet another rock n roll icon, but wow they did the Beatles right.. . The theater itself is awesome.  We had nosebleed seats and felt like we were right in the middle of the action.  Great music, costumes, stunts, theater.  My new favorite Cirque show.
Simply one of the best shows I have ever seen. The detail in this show was amazing. I was into the show from beginning to end as was my gf who does not know much about the Beatles. It's truly one of the treasures in Vegas and a guaranteed must see!!!
LOVE was hands down one of the coolest thing's I've ever seen. . . It was a lot less acrobat-y than other Cirque shows, but the visuals that they create to couple with The Beatles music is simply fantastic. I guess it helps to be a giant Beatles fan, too. If I wasn't, I'm not sure I would have loved it as much as I did. . . I won't give anything specific away about the show, because I'd hate to ruin it for anyone who might be thinking about going, so just trust me - go! . . Amazing, amazing, amazing. All you need is LOVE!
Bravo!!! Love is by all means my favorite Vegas Show of all time!!! I've seen it three times already and will see it again next time!! If you're a Beatles fan like me, this is the show you've just got to see... So many good songs and all the acts were sensational! All the special effects, acrobatics, stage props were very well chosen. Lucy in the sky with Diamonds was really neat to watch.  The entrance to the theatre and the souvenir shop are cool... There's just so many neat things about this place, I never get tired of seeing it again!! Almost any seat you purchase is a good seat, the way the inside is designed gives you a good view. Buy a couple cold beers before you go in... Can't wait to go see it again!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE. Everything about this show was amazing. . . The costumes were works of art, the strangeness of the whole show was totally intriguing to me. There was not a moment I was bored throughout the whole hour and a half. The music was done well and not a seat in the house was still when the show started it was so exciting. The huge screens they kept bringing in and out really helped capture the Beatles through image and sound. I won't give away too many details but they do some pretty big, audience involved pieces that are really cool.. . The drinks are HUGE and they have popcorn, which I enjoyed. Also, pretty much all the seats are good. Personally, I would sit at least 10 rows back to really see it all. Down low seems like it might be too close and you might miss some of the action.. . I would see this show again and again, its worth the money!
I've seen Mystere and Ka, but this show blows them both out of the water!. . THE BEST SHOW I'VE EVER SEEN! And I'm into arts and entertainment, so I've seen quite a few amazing shows.. . We purchased discounted seats (front row) at Tickets4Tonight - which I highly recommended if you are looking for last minute discounted shows and dinners. But there are no bad seats in this venue (theater of the round)..  . I cried about 5 times (no, I wasn't drunk). It was just such a beautiful show.. . In the end, Sgt. Pepper came out and handed me and another audience member a rose (I nearly died).. . It really hits home if you're a Beatles fan, and if not... you will still absolutely love this show!
AMAZING! The raw talent, agility and sheer body strength that every performer not only has individually but as a troupe in this show will honestly blow your mind.  We were escorted to other seats as upgrades for whatever reason...who cares...didn't ask.  (had balcony and wound up in 2nd row.)  Frankly, I don't think it mattered what seat we sat in...this was an incredible show.  You will hear all the songs you crave from a Beatles show and your senses will be lifted in all ways.  Get there early if you want drinks as the line at the bars r craaazy long.  Bonus of the show  while all of this is treating your eyes, ears & nose ( I won't spoil it...but damn I want to tell u so badly:)...there is a constant shadowy video in the background with the progression of the Beatles (actual audio)  fame and the times they encountered during the ride.  I go to Vegas often and I am ashamed to say I do not pull myself away from the bj tables, bars & restaurants enough to see shows when I visit.  This changed my mind.  I will make it a point to see at least one show each trip from now on.  See this show!  You will walk out feelin' the "love"...
I've seen this show four times now under various circumstances, and each time, it never fails to impress.. . Granted, the Beatles were before "my time", but I have always been a fan of their music, and the visual world that they created through their music.  "LOVE" brings that vision to life.. . There's so many things to cover about LOVE: The music,the theatrics, the representations of the songs,the realizations of characters from the songs, the side "cameos" from the Beatles... it gives the viewer the feeling that they are taking part in a live musical concert where the Beatles are still doing their thing in the present time.  The suspension of disbelief isn't difficult: The sound system is incredible.  Music flows around the theater, from within the audience seats, and there is always something going on at every angle.. . Seeing the show multiple times isn't boring at all as I still catch things that I hadn't seen from previous performances.. . Everything is meticulously set up in the theater.  Even the lobby outside is just wonderful to walk around in and behold all of the detail and care put into everything.  My recent favorite is the addition of a Blue Meanie in the gift shop.  I've had to curtail my fantasies of somehow kidnapping it and putting it into my home, but visiting it is almost as good (almost).. . Even the beverages in the lobby, while somewhat pricey, are big, and will definitely put you in a great mindset to enjoy the show.. . LOVE was THE show that I had to see when I heard of its opening,  and still remains one of my favorite Cirque shows.  Even though Cirque has begun to shy away from its whimsical storytelling of old to focus on musical legends these days, this is one that I don't mind seeing again whenever the opportunity presents itself.. . After all, all you need is love....
This was my first Cirque de Soleil show, and I had the pleasure of taking it in with a trapeze aerialist who could view the show with a critical eye that I lacked as a layman. . . The high scores on here are well-deserved. The show was an amazing combination of visual delights, aerial stunts, special effects, and classic Beatles tunes. I'm not even a die-hard Beatles fan, but after seeing the show I have a new appreciation.. . My favorite sequence: Something in the Way She Moves. One of the most beautiful scenes I've seen... it was absolutely breathtaking.. . Worth seeing, worth paying more for better seats, though there really aren't bad seats for this... but the experience up close and personal is really something.
Best show I've seen... amazing stage show, great re-mix of timeless beatles songs... great looking dancers :-)
I can not sit still for over  an hour and I did not want the show to stop.  Words can not really describe the experience.  Just Go....
Being a big beatles fan I loved this show. If you're a beatles fan it's a must see. It's a family show too. I would definitely see this show again if the opportunity presented itself.
LOVE is amazing!!! . . Prior to watching this Cirque du Soleil production at The Mirage last week, I had never been a big fan of the Beatles. I respected their music and who they were as artists. After watching this show, I am a  huge fan. The great choreography and story line brought the music alive. This was my second Cirque du Soleil show and they never disappoint! The 360 around stage ensures everyone in the audience gets a great view of the show.. . Seats range from $75- 250. For your money, this show definitely satisfies! If your in Vegas, see this show!
AMAZING AMAZING! . . you will not be disappointed. there's no bad seat in the house! GO GO GO!
Not a vegas girl.  LOVED the experience and the show.  It was great to hear beatles tunes and sing along with acrobats flying above my head.  Just get tickets, even if you are  on the fence.  It's totally worth it.
One of the best shows I've seen!  There's no way to describe it.  if you're curious, just go and see it yourself!  You won't be disappointed!
Great show, very imaginative!
The best Cirque show I've seen......  The special effects and use of props were AMAZING!  You will not be disapointed!
George. Paul. Ringo. John. The Fab FOUR. . . I am SO into symbolism, so when I countedfour of everything, the symmetry gave me such a thrill. Four translucent screens. A stage with four entrances. Four roller-bladers to go up & down the ramp to "Help." Four gigantic balloons sporting their signature mop-top haircut. Four of everything to represent the four men whose talent provided the soundtrack to my parents' courtship & to my childhood.. . Each song (many from the album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band") comes alive with the acrobatics Cirque is known for mixed with modern dance moves (breakdancing, stepping, hip hop.) . . My favorite scenes are "A Day in the Life" with the break-apart VW Beetle & the Indian-inspired garb worn by FOUR women (suspended in air) in "Here Comes the Sun." . . I bought same-day tickets from a Tix4Tonight outpost for about $115 per ticket for Section 200. Wonderful seats, as much of the magic takes place in the air! Plus, you'll be glad for the further-back seats when the bed scene comes along! I wasn't born in the 60's or 70's, but my parents would blast their albums on weekend mornings & when we had kareoke parties. Ahhh, memories.
Have seen almost every Cirque show there is (traveling and stationary) and I think this might be my favorite   As some have commented, it is NOT the typical CdS show as it doesn't use original music and there is a lot more dance.    But the stage is amazing, the music is amazing (the sound-system is FANTASTIC) and the dancing/gymnastics are incredible.   The way the acts/songs blend together from one into another is masterful.  I've seen it a couple of times and would see it again.. . For people who might want to see it again, I would suggest trying a different location in the theatre - seeing it down low first and then from up high (or vice-versa) will make you love it even more.....
Be still, my heart! What a breathtaking show! . . Saw this show with my SO early in the year and sat towards the back. I highly recommend higher seats as, with most Cirque shows, they utilize the full stage and surrounding areas. If you have a closer seat, the harder it is to see everything going on. . . Cirque doesn't disappoint with this show. I like it even more for all the metaphor and implicit symbolism they used throughout the story told. Sigh, I heard a great many others after the show who complained of falling asleep and "didn't get it." Read up on the story of The Beatles, and watch the show with an open mind... the little allusions are treats to discover as you watch them perform. I wanted to watch it again just to find the references I didn't catch the first time.. . Love, love, loved LOVE!
1st try = loved LOVE.  2nd visit = truly loved LOVE even more.  My heart & soul asks my mind; could this be the best show in all of Vegas? Why, let me think a moment, as I imagine my favorite scene when they bounce through the air on the trampolines to "Revolution"..... YES!!!  Me & every member of my family (who has had the pleasure) loves LOVE!  Even if this is your 1st experience or if you grew up loving the Beatles, you will enjoy this show!. . OK, perspective check time: I didn't grow up a Beatles fan.  I don't know more than enough song titles that I might be able to count on a single hand, however I was in complete bliss during the entirety of the show.  We took family that grew up as Beatles fans, who went completely bananas over LOVE.  Then there's my boyfriend, who despite not growing up in that era, has always enjoyed their music.  He also enjoyed the show.  There you have it from all 3 Beatles fan perspectives: newbie, die-hard, & appreciator.. . . If I might give you one single piece of advice from my 2 separate LOVE experiences, it would be to reserve a seat just above where the " white blanket" ends.  This area of seating will provide you with the best available view and overall experience of the show.  This request will not be anything new or foreign for them.
A must see in Vegas. If you love the Beatles music, you will love this production.  Couldn't get better than this!
My first cirque show and I had a blast.  Was in Vegas on business, a co-worker and I went to check this out on our last night in town.  We had seats in the first row of the balcony and we had a great view of the entire show.  It was an action packed 90 minutes.  My experience with this show definitely has me interested in checking out other cirque shows.. . If you are active duty military you can call the box office for a 40% discount on tickets.  If you are on the fence about which show to see while you are in Vegas, I would not hesitate to go and see this again.
Absolutely mind-boggling. I think it's so cool that Beatles producer George Martin oversaw the musical production of this show and had access to original tracks and evensome rare studio outtakes.. . Combine that with brilliant dancers, aerialists, acrobats and cool visuals, and it's quite a memorable experience.
This is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE CDS SHOW!!!!!!!!!!!. . LOVEd the music, LOVEd the staging, LOVEd the artists, & LOVEd everything!. . The first act was overwhelming in a good way!  There was so much to see, I didn't know where to focus on.  . . Our seats were a lil too close (7th row) and some of the things happened behind us and all around, it was exhilarating!. . I didn't grow up listening to Beatles, so I didn't know many of the songs, but the music was great!  They also incorporated many non-released tracks and you get to hear them talking.  It was like they were in the show.  Its great!. . I would definitely come back again.  For Sure!
I can't believe I've never written a review for this show. I've seen it on four occasions over the years and each time is like seeing it for the first time. I came for preview performances before it opened years ago and was blown away. Being a great fan of the Beatles this show paid homage in the best way possible. If only Viva Elvis had been able to capture the same awe and fantastical feeling that this show seems to.. . I won't rehash all the same things everyone else has said about the show, only say that if you haven't gone, go. If you have seen it, go again. It's that good!
Fabulous fabulous fabulous! You can read all the other reviews to see just how fantastic it is. Here I'll tell you where to sit....   . . This is a theatre-in-the-round so it's much better than most for good viewing. Find a seating chart online and take a good look. Stay away from the four top most balconies. And the close-to-the-stage down front section 100's seating is not good either. It's more expensive and you'll see LESS since you're so low and so much of the action is up in the air.. . The best to see everything is in the 200's sections, about 4 or 5 rows back.  We sat in section 208, row N, seats 11-12-13. Perfect view for everything that was happening. The only way it could have gotten better would have been to be a bit more towards the middle. . . I also prefer main sections 207-208-209 and 200-201-202. They are more unobstructed and have a better view than the smaller separate sections 203-204-205-206. Also the performers seem to "play" to the two larger seating areas. Plus you can see from the chart how parts of the stage jut out into the main seating sections -- so you see the performers more up close.. . We paid approx $125 each for the seats including an online discount but then adding on an online booking fee. (Still less than the advertised $143 each.). . Have a wonderful evening and enjoy the show!. . And be prompt... they really do start on time and if you're not in your seat you have to wait and the ushers will take you in later when it's not disruptive. And you'll for sure enjoy experiencing every minute!
Stunningly beautiful.. . The performers, costumes, music and stage design were all perfect. I sat on the edge of my seat the entire time. . . If you're a Beatles fan, just do yourself a favor: Go see this show, and pay for the floor seats. You won't regret it.
Impressive. Unlike any other Cirque show.! Only problem....you have to see it 3 more times to see everything! WOW! Only one word left.. Love.
Amazing! Sat in sec 202 row M - 7 rows from the stage and LOVEd every moment of this show. The music, screen projection, costumes, cast, everything is just wonderful. This is a Vegas must see!
This was the single best entertainment experience of my life.  See this production.  Buy your tickets, try and not think about it or get built up too much, cause I know how that can affect things some times.   If you do all that and you even just like The Beatles you will probably leave the theater in shambles, blown away from an hour and a half of Cirque du Awesomeness!!!    WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOVE IT
Loved it. Unlike the other cirque shows - this one is less about the acrobatics and completely about choreography, art design, visuals, all set beautifully to the evergreen Beatles music - Takes one through the complete emotional range, and is a fantastic journey, especially for someone that has grown up listening to the Beatles. Would highly recommend this to anyone, and a must watch for people that feel all cirque shows seem the same after you've seen a couple.
I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice (and saw LOVE 3 times), so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6) Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Mystere has the best stunts and is most "traditional". Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info.... . LOVE is sooo much fun. The music, of course, is great. The theater is great, and there are no bad seats.  The choreography with the songs is so creative. I particularly love the Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, Blackbird, and the "Parachute Blanket" portion of the show. Neat Beatles shadows.  Such great production value to this show. All my friends have loved it, and I take new people each time I go. Even my elderly friend enjoyed the show. I can't imagine someone not liking this show. . . But beware of taking pics at any point before or during the show. Those creepy cirque people will pop out of the ceiling to stop you.  Where did they come from?!? Creepy.. . Overall, a fun and creative show, but if you want the best stunts, then Mystere or Ka or O would be better.
Crazy good.  Best cirque show yet!  The music was well done and speakers in the headrests of the stadium seat helped drown out the lady singing along in the seat next to us.  Non stop dancing and so many costumes to look at it was hard to take it all in.  Beautiful acrobatics nicely choreographed to complement the Beatles tunes!  Well worth the price of admission.  This was the highlight of our Vegas week.
Amazing ... Just delightfully wonderful (-:. Want to feel good for a couple of hours just pop. Into "love" the whole experience is perfect.
As a huge Beatles fan, I wasn't sure what to expect,  but after the lights came up, I was thoroughly impressed.  It features a fantastic score that cleverly reworks the Beatles material in a way that is both fresh and reverent.  Sometimes the score breaks a tune down to just a handful of tracks, sometimes it mashes up tunes in clever ways.  The visuals are pure psychedelic eye-candy, with a set crazy set that can transform the 'in the round' stage into a surprising number of variations. And, of course the performers were amazing.  Acrobats, dances, skaters, comedians, gymnasts, etc.  Above all this, there is some narrative, which is something I don't normally associate with Cirque Du Soleil.   There are some genuinely moving moments that deal with important moments in the lives of the Beatles, both as a band and as individuals.  There is a particularly heartbreaking moment involving John's Mom, which segue's into a moment about young John and young Julian Lennon at the same time.  It's fairly heady for a show with no dialog.  . . Perfect Score.  Go See It!
Simply amazing! As good as Cirque du Soleil gets!! My mouth was soar after the show from smiling so much.  Even if you're not a Beatle's fan, after watching the show you will be. :)  Loved every second!! Was afraid to blink because I didn't want to miss anything.  Made my heart smile!. Totally worth watching, maybe even more than once ;)
I'm not a Beatles fan at all. In fact you might say I hate them. I only went because my friends wanted to go. We got one of those cheap Vegas show ticket deals and wound up with great seats. Though I don't think there's a bad seat in the house due to the way the stage is set up.. . Anyway it was my first Cirque show ever and I had a great time. It was fun from start to end. Some characters were kinda creepy yet cute at the same time. I thought the kids were particularly good.. . They sell lots of LOVE items any Beatles fan would appreciate. I don't think I'd see it again but I definetly enjoyed the performance.
The show is visually stunning! The stage and all the visuals are just amazing. Best show I've ever seen.
Best live entertainment I've ever experienced, period
Nothing I've seen in any genre of live entertainment comes close to this truly stunning production.  I was moved beyond words throughout the show and had a lump in my throat much of the time. I've wanted to see this show since it started, and I finally had the chance as it celebrates five years at the Mirage.  I will absolutely see it again, and maybe more than that.  Breathtakingly creative in so many ways, a fantastic tribute to the songwriting genius of Lennon, McCartney and Harrison, and a tremendous sensory experience that left my wife and me wishing it wouldn't end.  We were left almost speechless by what we experienced in the customized room designed especially to pull off this show.. . The naysayers here were either drunk or have no affinity for the phenomenon that was The Beatles.  If you want to be absolutely blown away by a live production, go see this show.  We sat in row K in "gold circle" seats that were worth every penny.  Was it a classic Cirque show?  I have no idea and I couldn't care less.  Was it unbelievably great as a piece of multi-media and live performance art?  Absolutely! . . I can't wait to see it again.
This was my second time seeing this show.  It is amazing and I would come back and see it again.  I catch something new each time.
WOW!!!! WOW!!!! WOW!!!!! I don't even think I could put into works just how amazing this show was. First off, its worth every penny. We spent 300 for two tickets in section 208. Best section to watch the show because you are able to see the 360 stage and any of the acrobats coming down from the ceiling. The show keeps you entertained the entire time and at the end it leaves you wanting more to watch. I will see this show over and over again. Alot of people complain that their is just not enough acrobats but to me there was just enough and the props were amazing. We went and saw "O" the following evening and thought it was horrible with no story line and the music was just lame. Beatles Love is a MUST SEE SHOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Crazy fun. Even if you are not  much of a Beatles fan, the constant moving sets, costumes and choreography is simply stunning. After it ended we looked at each other and said, what in the hell did we just see? Worth the money, nice theater, see it before it ends.
I am a big Beatles fan and this is the first Cirque show I have ever been to and I was enthralled from start to finish. . There was a TON going on non-stop and such high energy and beautiful music. Lighting effects gave a tone that could change the feel in the room and the stage constantly morphed. It was a bit slow starting out but by the end, I didn't want the show to stop. I could not imagine if someone saw this on some psychedelics, it would probably be the worst or best experience of their lives.. Most of the Beatles hits were represented and a few semi-deep cuts. Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds was my favorite because they dropped a lot of LED lines throughout and they synced on some parts and were just made to look like stars other times. . I could not recommend this more.
As the show began and the curtains were cutting across the stage, I was becoming so mad because I could see hardly anything from my seats. Then suddenly the curtains go flying back, people come flying down from the rafters, and the music is so much more exciting! The show was incredible. I am a huge Beatles fan and loved every moment of this show. The auditorium is the perfect size and our seats even had speakers in them.I would go back in a heartbeat!
"...all you need is love..." and that's all i have for this show! awesome!
Wow!  I don't know how you could not give these performers 5-stars.  I mean, seriously, what an amazing experience and production!  It was the only show I saw in Vegas, but it was by far the best show I've seen in a long time, and that includes NYC productions.  You gotta get some Beatles Love when you're in LV.  . . I tried to get discounted tickets, but that didn't work out, so we're staying at the Mirage and head back there to check on availability on a Sunday night.  Shows remaining = 7:00p and 9:30p.  We opted for the 9:30p show so we could catch dinner beforehand.  Much to our surprise they had tickets available.  . . The guy at the Mirage ticket counter was really cool, he talked about the seat offerings and mentioned how the back seats were not that far from the stage and you're higher up and can see everything as opposed to the front seats which are set lower than the stage.  You can pick what you want, but we were pretty happy w/ our seats in the back row.  Another bonus - - he even offered us a 20% discount...that rocked.  He said they were 98% sold out, when we got in there we saw several rows of open seating, so lesson's learned - - everything's negotiable, it doesn't hurt to ask, you may get your wish.  . . The show was spectacular to say the least.  If you're a Beatles fan then you have to go, if you're not then you'll become one regardless.  As for the show itself, it's like a combination of Harry Potter, Technocolor Coat, Willy Wonka, Stomp, and Tim Burton.  There's singing, plenty of different styles of dancing, a little acrobatics, rollerblading, and lots of props and fun.  The dancing is eloquent and graceful.  They match it all w/ the various Beatles hits and also play some vintage film at the end of the show.  . . It was one of the highlights of my trip to Vegas, this show was spectacular and I would definitely go back again and again and again.  This show and the cast ROCK!
Ive seen a few cirque du soleil shows but this is by far the best one yet! I absolutely loved it. Ive never been a huge Beatles fan but for this show you dont have to be. The performers were so good and the show is just breath taking. If ever in Las Vegas this show is a definite MUST WATCH!!
One of the most beautiful things I've seen in my life. Stunningly gorgeous performances and complimented the timeless genius that are the Beatles more perfectly than I could have ever imagined. I am dying to see it again already - don't leave Vegas without seeing this show.
Simply a fantastic show.  My favorite Cirque in Vegas (with KA in a close second).  . . As long as you don't dislike the Beatles (and who actively dislikes the Beatles besides weirdos that think they're too "mainstream"), YOU WILL LOVE THIS SHOW.
A must see show for lovers of music, The Beatles, or Cirque du Soleil!. . The show was impressive and the entertainment went on for a long time.  By far, one of the best shows on the strip, and an incredible experience!. . Probably not good for the elderly, as it was loud, and there was a lot going on.  For everyone else though, what a great show!. . Just like a ride at Disney, there is a gift shop on the way out.
Breath-taking! This is the best word I have to describe Love. . . This was my second Cirque du Soleil show with Ka being my first. Where Ka left me with that WTF-just-happened-feel (in the best possible way), Love told a subdued story about Love set to the music of the Beatles. The costumes were wonderful. The performers were ridiculously talented, and the music...well...you can't ever go wrong with the Beatles. I left this show feeling invigorated, positive, and full of, hmmm, LOVE! . . I would absolutely go back if only to try to catch all the stuff I missed because there is always so much going on during a Cirque du Soleil show. Truly visually amazing.
I don't know why I waited so long to post this review... this was absolutely hands down one of the best live theatre experiences I have ever had.. . I may be a little biased, I love the Beatles.  I grew up listening to nothing but the Beatles.  I could've sat in a room with no performers and listened to George Martin's re-arrangements of this music and been in heaven.  If you are a Beatles buff, you will love this for the music alone.. . The performers make the experience even that much better.  I didn't know where to look.  The level of talent on, above, and below the stage is incredible.  I can't imagine the amount of work and rehearsal that the performers and technicians go through to put on a seamless show.. . The concept and execution from start to finish is incredible.  The ambiance rocks.. . Tickets were pricey... but well worth it.. . Very impressive.
Wow. Wow. Wow. My wonderful girl brought me out to Vegas for my bday and grabbed some tickets to this show. What a keeper! I saw the show in April 2011, and while I have listened to and loved the Beatles music for a long time, I was completely flabbergasted (Yes!! Finally got that word into a review) watching a LOVEly picture being painted to the tunes I have enjoyed since I was a kid.. . The performers were energized and the performance was awesome. Costumes were crazy good. I remember when I was a little kid and would sit wide-eyed in excitement watching crazy stuff like this... It brought me back for sure. With all the action, it's also a great story of seeing a young man struggle with finding love while everyone all around him has an abundance of it. The transitions into different scenes were smooth. I loved the part with the silhouettes of the group and also enjoyed that they constantly played to the crowd. . . With the white sheet flying over my head and a nice buzz going on from some redbull and vodkas ... this was all just strictly epic. Cannot go wrong with seeing this show, unless you don't care for their music (Get outttaaaa heeeere).. . 5 stars all the way. This show started off my bday weekend in Vegas just right.
This is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas without a doubt. I have seen this show multiple times and would gladly see it again.. . Being a Beatles fan, I really enjoyed how the show incorporated remixed versions of their songs (within you without you, while my guitar gently weeps) and used a great sound system built into the seats to further enhance one's experience in the theater.. . Although the show is less acrobatic than others by Cirque, the stunts and dance routines are very entertaining and fit perfectly with soundtrack and visuals on stage.. . I highly recommend this show for anyone regardless of your level of interest in the Beatles or Cirque du Soleil.
There aren't enough adjectives or stars. If you only see one show, this is it. Stunning!
My favorite Vegas show! I am not one to want to see shows over again, but this one, I would catch again in a minute! I like the Beatles, not love them, but the energy of this show was awesome. It kept getting better and better and I was so sorry when it was over. Don't find out too much ahead of time, and ruin the surprises. Just go and enjoy!
It has taken me a while to write this review because I was unsure if I could put into words how amazing this show is. Cirque has done an INCREDIBLE job at portraying the Beatles in their finest form. . . As other reviews state, this is not an acrobatic show. None of the stunts will leave you scratching your head. But if you love the Beatles, or if you have children who know nothing about the Beatles, then I HIGHLY recommend this show!. . What I enjoyed the most was that they did not sugar coat the Beatles. They really showed the message that the Beatles were all about in the 60s, fighting inequality, the war and hate. . . In one moment you felt like you were feeling the same pain as the Beatles in their pro-love messages and the next moment you felt like you were at a Beatles concert! I never would have thought that I'd be lucky enough to experience a Beatles concert (since I was born in 1985) and this Cirque performance transported me back in time. . . I was so happy and in ecstacy that the tears were rolling down my face. It's THAT GOOD!. . If you love the Beatles, don't know much about them, or nothing at all then come see this show. I have never recommended a Cirque performance so highly in my life.
What a show!  Great, crisp music and choreographed acrobatics.  Always something going on at multiple levels.  Sat in first row of 306 balcony section- more leg room for tall people and could see whole show without looking up.
Words cannot even begin to describe this experience. That's right it isn't just any ordinary show, but rather an experience. Regardless if you're a Beatles lover or not, the whole universal theme of love is performed through the fab 4's iconic music, dance, and other cirque du soliel magical amazingness. If I wanted to show someone how much I loved them, I would reenact this show for them. Like I said words cannot describe this, so hopefully you can catch the show before it ends at the Mirage. Overall, a mind altering experience that leaves you commemorating the greatest band of all time, The Beatles.
Before I go into my review, let me offer you this advice-if you see a few shows in Vegas, make sure this is the last one. Why? Because if you see it first I can all but guarantee everything else will completely pale in comparison.. . In the past 2 years or so, I've become an absolute Beatles nut. When I found out I was getting to see LOVE with some family, I was absolutely thrilled. Before going, I started to build it up in my head and ran that risk of having expectations that are far too high. . . Well, they were exceeded.. . The first thing I noted, and was really excited about, was that the theater is actually not all that big. It's actually quite intimate and has a very cool design, with round seating facing a stage with four entrances that the performers come in on.. . The show itself totally blew me away, and actually really moved me. After a beautiful intro with "Because", the silhouettes of The Beatles are projected on 4 screens hanging down and they launch into "Get Back", kicking it off and causing some serious chills.. . I won't talk about details for the rest of the show, because you've got to experience for yourself. There is so much going on, and the performers are incredibly talented. They really pull you in. I had a smile plastered on my face the entire time and even sang along with some songs (the whole crowd was that into it). . The whole thing was a pure rush, and I couldn't believe it was over....I could've watched 5 more hours!. . LOVE is one of the best, if not maybe the best, shows I've ever seen. It's funny, it's moving, it's energetic, it's nostalgic, it's just incredible.. . If you're in Vegas, DON'T miss this show!
I agree with all the other reviews. It's a great show, intimate setting, seats are great no matter where you are sitting.  This was my first cirque show and the one thing you have to remember is this show is a lot like the movie "2001 space odyssey"  Everyone interprets this show (and other cirque shows) differently.  Throughout the show you're like OOOOH and OHHH and look at that.  but when it's over, and you go home and try to describe the show and what you saw is indescribable.  That movie was the same way.  You finish the show or the movie and you can't put into words what you saw/experienced.  Even if you see the show with someone, each of you will have a different reaction to what you saw and experienced.  It's very kewl and I recommend this show to everyone.
As it states on the rating, this is as good as it gets.. . I was skeptical of Cirque shows in general. It just seemed too flashy for me. I am not into the bare-skinned maneuvering rope jumpers like I had seen from other Cirque show previews. Needless to say, I was expecting some amazing music with so-so dancing. . . BOY, was I wrong. This show can be summed up in 3 categories- Visual, Musical, Atmospherically/Storyline. . Visual- Visually stunning comes to mind. The way the set were produced was just unbelievable, and it just goes to show how the songs are all great stories. Each set was painstakingly put together to add to the story. My best example would be the main sequence involving the bombing of England and the subsequent revival comes to mind. Also, the acrobatics are breathtaking. It is as advertised, amazing and over the top.....But in the good way!. . Musical- Come on, its the Beatles. If you are even a general fan, the way they re-scored the songs will please your eardrums. As a life-long Beatles fan, they did not take advantage of their original scores, and certainly very few if any liberties were taken. Also, just adding everything together makes the music that much more enjoyable. . Atmospherically/Storyline- The atmosphere the story provided really was surprising. I didn't think they could pull it off, especially the way they were going with it. I like how the producers decided on multiple tie-ins and stories, in which you can go many directions as you follow along. The story is great and adds to the music you hear.. . Honestly, I do not know how long the show will last. I mean, its been there for years. That is a testament to how good the show is, rather than dying off it rides on strong. See it before its gone. I hope I get a chance to get back and see it one more time. Its that good.
This show was absolutely amazing.  I was told it was fantastic but had to see it for myself to really appreciate how great it is.  You cannot put into words the magnificence of this Cirque du Soleil masterpiece. . . I would imagine that people who loathe the music of The Beatles may not enjoy the show, but if you like or love their music you will absolutely love the show.  It really captures ones imagination, putting wild visuals to the songs we've all heard many times over the years.  The show is almost like a combination of a play, musical, and circus.  There are acrobats and wild costumes, light shows and video screens.  . . I would recommend a high seat (we were in row 206), if you are not in a high seat you will not be able to fully take in all that is happening around you.  There was even a point at which people in the lower seats became covered up while the higher seats could still see what was going on.  Tickets ar approximately $150, if you are a military member you can get a discount which will take the ticket price down to around $109.. . I would recommend this show to ANYBODY except people that loathe The Beatles.  Go see LOVE!
I am keeping this simple and sweet......1st time at a Cirque du Soleil...was a Beatles fan but an average one......knew I wanted to go to at least one show while in Vegas and all of this leads me to one thing: ONE OF THE BEST DAMN NIGHTS OF MY LIFE!!!. Unbelievable, unforgetable, amazing, mindblowing, beyond anything you could possibly imagine. All of that and more. Worth every penny and you will be humming Beatles tunes for the next few weeks at least. So good in fact I would go again in a heartbeat.
From the moment I approached the theatre entrance up until the conclusion/end, I enjoyed every minute of the experience of this show.. . Firstly, all of the ushers/workers/staff are dressed in what I would call "traditional" clothing from the music period of the Beatles heyday in England.  An English touch is also present with a large scale replica of the Union Jack on the ceiling as well.  On your way to the theatre, guests will pass the LOVE store as well as a color changing wall with a composition/pattern depicting the "fab four".. . The theatre itself is a spectacle as well as a technical accomplishment that befits the typical Cirque show in Vegas.  Its 360 degree stage allows the audience to view the show from different perspectives depending on their seats.  . . As far as the the show itself, it's definitely an achievement and triumph in showcasing the music and period of the Beatles with all of the acts, costumes, and enjoyment that Cirque Du Soleil is renowned for.  The costumes are colorful and dramatic, the cast is full of happiness and energy, and the music may just tempt you start clapping along or dance in your seat perhaps =)  . . Although all of the acts/performers in LOVE are up to the standards Cirque shows are known for, one of my favorite parts of the show involves some "audience participation."  I won't give anything away except to say that if you're seated in the front rows/section, your "participation" will be needed at some point.  It was quite fun to say the least and was one of the more surprising and fun aspects of the show!!. . Bottom Line:  I would definitely recommend this show to people who are either fans of the Beatles or Cirque Du Soleil, or who are fans of both.  Enjoy!
We had a fabulous time at Cirque du Soleil - The Beatles LOVE! My husband and I appreciated every moment of the production. The work these people go into for each performance is astounding. From the moment we walked into the venue, to the wonderful ushers dressed in periodic uniforms, we highly recommend this show! It is very expensive and worth every penny! GO!
Beatles' music, imaginative performances including both dance and acrobatics, made you smile and remember back.  Would probably be a blast to see stoned.  Good pour of scotch outside which you can bring into theatre.  What more do you want from a show?  Not my first Cirque show and won't be my last.  These performers are just wonderful.
A great performance and mainly, a hell of a lot of fun. Just one of those shows where everyone walks away smiling and humming and feeling really good.. . It is absolutely ridiculous to buy your (expensive) tickets online then have to wait 30 minutes crammed in a tight line to actually get your actual tickets. Not a great way to treat people paying $200. for a ticket. However, that doesn't seem to be stopping anyone. Blame The Mirage, not Cirque du Soleil for that major inconvenience.. . Seen over a dozen Cirque du Soleil shows in Los Angeles and Las Vegas and this was very different but maybe the most fun.. . If you can see one show in Las Vegas, I'd recommend seeing this show before any other.
Such a fun, uplifting show!!! I smiled the entire night and I'm not even a Beatles fan!! All I could think about was how much I wish I could afford to give tickets to my friends and family to see this. I felt it was a privelage to be there to see this show...worth every penny of the ticket price!!
Love is amazing!!!. I went to Vegas hoping to see Cirque du Soleil and I am very glad I found tickets for this show!.. Great music, amazing performers, customes, make up, acrobatics...and The Beatles! What else could I ask for!. I have to admit I was a bit overwhelmed sometimes for too much stuff happening at the same time but the fact that the show doesn't have an actual story allowed me to enjoy it anyways.. I teared up a couple of times, I found it very emotional, it was just great.. Love show is at The Mirage, right on the strip and I gotta say that there is not a bad seat in the house so feel free to get any ticket.. Cirque du Soleil rocks! And I can't wait to see the next show.
I can't think of anyone who doesn't like this show!  I've been living in Vegas for 5 years now and have NEVER seen a Cirque show until last night.  My expectations of Love were met and so much more.. . This show offers a little of everything!  First off, the theme itself is stellar!  The Beatles, c'mon.  That's already WINNING.  There's humor and lust all accompanied with a magical experience.  Cirque Du Soleil defies gravity and the physical logics of being human.  These acrobats are are top notch and really impressed me.  I haven't seen any other Cirque show yet but hope to see them now!. . Going into this show, I must say that I was a little bias.  Unlike many of the reviewers, I'm a huge fan of The Beatles.  Blackbird, Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, Strawberry Fields Forever, I Wanna Hold your Hand, Octopus's Garden, Hey Jude and All You Need is Love are some of my personal favorite songs performed at Love.  My one favorite song, Let It Be, was NOT performed.  Sad face.  No worries, though, because overall, this show was ON POINT and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
With this being my 3rd Cirque show under my belt I can safely say that maybe now I can start reviewing these things and certainly this is my first non-food review, but there's a first thing for everything right?. . Bottom line is that based on the stage and performance area there really isn't what one would consider a bad seat anywhere to be honest..I was in the lower level towards one of the entrance sections so that was definitely pretty nifty to get an added take on things!. . Love certainly seemed to be one of the more complete themed story lines compared to the ones I've seen previously..On top of that even picking up the tickets was pretty seamless..We went a few hours before the show and got in/out effortlessly which is always a plus! . . My highlight was seeing this young man (probably around 9-12 years old?) just ripping up the stage..He saw me point to him and admire his popping and other earth shattering moves and when he went to leave the stage at the end reached out for a high five..I guess little things like that go a long way in their minds, but honestly each member left their heart on the stage that night!. . All in all, definitely make this one of your stops for a great evening of Vegas entertainment Cirque style!
I have seen a lot of shows, concerts and Broadway plays, this was by far the greatest performance I have ever seen. The arena wasn't that big. We paid $79 and could see everything perfectly. So don't think you have to spend $180 a ticket to see an amazing show!
Absolutely amazing! It was my first Cirque show in Vegas (saw a traveling show once in my home city) and it blew my mind. The music was wonderful, the costumes were fantastic. It was just such a cool, fun experience. We were in the 5th row and had great seats!
Best show in Vegas. I've seen many of the shows ranging from Blue Man group to Carrot Top as well as Zumanity and this show is amazing. It doesn't matter where you sit, there is always something amazing going on. And, of course, the soundtrack is awesome. I will definitely go back to see it again.
Dude. This was awesome. One of my best experiences.. I liked the British atmosphere in the entrance, I took pics with the ushers..  I love the magical world of Cirque du Soleil. I love the intensity, talent and dedication of the performers. It was so nice hearing all the great Beatles songs. The performers that stuck out to me was the guy who was on the seesaw way up in the sky, and went around in a 360! wow!! And I liked the girl hanging from a rope doing ballet. That was so beautiful. . I do wish it was more upbeat and had more of the mainstream hits. There were some melancholy parts. . Afterwards I had fun in the gift shop buying souvenirs. I still wear my red Love shirt. . Excellent show! groovy.
Amazing, the Beatles on cirque du soleil's terms and remember in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make!
4th time seeing the show and it has been phenomenal every single time. Cirque is never a let down, and worth every penny! If you are looking to be entertained and have a lifetime memory, see the Beatles Love show!!
Best Cirque du Soleil show!!!  It was entertaining the entire time even after watching it for my fourth time!  Definitely a must see especially if you are a Beatles fan.
"Love"ed it!!! Haha really great show! First time going to a Cirque du Soleil performance. I was told this one had a little more dancing then the other shows which is a not a bad thing just a little different. Cool story great imagery.. . Highly recommend it!! Fun times!
The bomb.  My sixty five year old dad and life long Beatles guy couldn't get enough of it.  My 13 yo son loved it equally well.  What a show!  Would love to see it again.
Yep. LOVE is still my favorite Cirque show.. . It's been 2.5 years since I saw it twice in the same week. I was afraid it might have lost a little something since then. I mean, I used to listen to the soundtrack daily in my car and may have worn myself out on it. But moments into the performance, those fears were allayed. The heart and soul of LOVE is the wonderful soundscape that George and Giles Martin have crafted. That part is evidently timeless and it still translates magically to the stage.. . This time around, I managed to get front row seats. To be honest, I think I prefer to watch the show from higher up. It's not that being so close is a bad thing; it's just different. In the front row, your eye level is just above the stage. The show is a trip to begin with, but looking up and being so close to the performers exacerbates that feeling. At the same time, you probably miss a lot of things with your view occasionally obstructed. But with so much going on, this is true no matter where you sit. The important thing for me is that my friend absolutely loved it. Outside of my Dad, she's the biggest Beatles fan I know and it was just ridiculous that she had never seen the show.. . By the end, I found myself falling in love with LOVE again. In fact, I'm listening to the soundtrack again as I type this review.
It's a Beatles concert, Cirque du Soleil style.  How can you go wrong?  The music and performance was incredible, a feast for the eyes and ears.  Because of the concert-like quality, it had a different feel from the other Cirque shows, which isn't a bad thing at all!  LOVE is on my top 5 list here in Vegas, I could definitely see this more than once!
I was a Cirque virgin when I went to see Love. I had been debating between 3 other Cirque shows, but everyone I knew kept telling me to go with Love for my first... and they were totally right. . . The Beatles are just great to begin with, but the story that gets told throughout the performance is so wonderful... I had goosebumps and a tear in my eye by the time it was all over. I do admit I was hopeful for even more Sgt. Pepper's themed-stuff, but either way, it was great, and I highly recommend that you check it out if you have the chance. I've heard that Love isn't as acrobatic-heavy as other Cirque shows, but I thought it was beautiful & well choreographed.. . Also, in case you're worried, there really isn't a bad seat in the house... I ended up getting discounted tickets through a program my employer offers, but even if you buy the cheap seats, you're still going to get a good show.
If you like the Beatles, this is a no-brainer = GO SEE THE SHOW.  . . Simply Awesome!!!
I absolutely loved this show, but don't get excited I won't reveal any details. You have to go and see for yourself. . . A couple of weeks ago my German friend came to visit me in Las Vegas and I found, with excitement, that most shows were offering summer deals. . . I got tickets for the first row balcony and was a little nervous whether they would be good. When we got there, it turned out that they had closed the balcony area for the night and we got free upgrades. I was very happy about that and we got amazing seats in the middle row, from where we could see everything very well. . . This show definitely keeps you entertained for the entire time. The symbolic and the political and historical messages were amazing and inspiring. The artists are truly talented and everything was just perfect.
Just saw this show last week with my husband and two teenage kids. . We absolutely loved it!. A visual and auditory feast. . The choreography - superb. . Special effects are stunning. . So much to see all at once that you are certain to miss things. . There were moments in the show that I felt I was in a dream from which I did not want to wake up. . I need to see this again. . Our tickets were about $100 each and worth every penny.
Picture yourself in a show in Las Vegas. With plastic cups with mind numbing liquors. Suddenly someone tells you to take your seats. A worker with kaleidoscope eyes. . It goes without saying, but psychedelics are almost irrelevant in a Cirque Du Soleil show, when at any given point you'll wonder if you have to toss away your sobriety chip due to the general mind altering wonder and awe of a show like this. With that said;. . For the benefit of Vegas patrons there will be a show tonight on trampoline... zip-lines. crazy yellow submarines and a lot of other trippy high flying craziness. . . Hey dude, don't think the show's bad. . take a bad loss at the tables and make it better. remember, to not bet the farm at blackjack. then you can start to enjoy your Vegas trip. . Jesus! The show was filling me with waves as if I had taken a saltshaker half-full of cocaine. Flying limey folk dressed to the era of the 70's twirling around in the air.  I found myself in times of trouble, where the fuck were you Mother Mary? And where the hell were my words of wisdom -- I learned to Let it be.. Oh let it be. . . Hey dude, don't be afraid. . You are here to watch a music show . The minute you let it wash over you . Then you can begin... to have a blast. . . Once you embrace this freak show for what it is, the rest comes easy -- Just let this baby drive your car, then you're going to be a star. In a sense you'll Get back to where you once belonged. . . Just turn off your mind, relax and go down stream. The show's not dying.. The show is not dying...  It's something in the way the dancers move. I don't want to leave this show now.. I don't even know how -- I guess the exit signs. . . But yeah, you won't need any Lucy in the sky with diamonds before coming to the show. It provides enough of an mind fucking of uppers and downers in itself. . . With all those terrible Beatles song puns laced...okay, making up the entire review, I guess you can easily see that this show, if you're not one of those Elvis folks, will blow you away. . . It's a visual, audio and all sensory overload of spectacularness. Forget the Octopuses garden, I'd like to be watching this show a couple more times. . . As Sgt. Pepper lonely heart club band said, I hope you enjoyed the show, but hey, they're sorry but it's time to go. What next? . . Let me take you down to the Beatles Revolution lounge... Strawberry drinks, nothing is cheap. And nothing to write home about there. Better yet, let's just avoid the Beatles Revolution lounge bar altogether unless you really want an overpriced drink with a Beatles name attached to it. You're in a Casino, after all, drinks should be plentiful and comped. . . Go to the show, but forget The Beatles themed bar as a means to kill time before the show.
I was blown away by this show. I have never been so entertained during an entire show before. It was the highlight of my trip. . . Sometimes I have ADD sitting for long periods of time. During Love there is always something going on from the moment it starts to the end. It was crack for my eyes, ears and mind I wanted more. There is music, acrobatics, flying and fabulous props. . . I bought the "cheap" seats row FF and two tickets were $195.00. Our seats were great. There isn't a bad seat in the house. I recommend purchasing directly from Mirage it was more expensive through the other ticket agents like Ticketmaster. I bought them before the trip and picked up the same day as the show at the box office. . . The staff were very nice and did a wonderful job getting people ushered in and out quickly. . . Also, the line is very long to get into the show. We were told to get there 30 minutes before it started. There were already hundreds of people in line. The line snaked through the casino all the way to the gift shop. I recommend showing up when the show time is that way you won't have to wait in line.
Was so excited to see my first Cirque du Soleil show. We nabbed a good deal on this show, and from the moment you walk through the rainbow colored walkway, throughout the show, and exit taking pictures with the London clad employees, you're destined to have a good time. . . Because the stage is in the center, every seat is a good seat. Thoroughly enjoyed some Beatles history, of course all the songs, and the sheer amazement of the choreography of this show.. . Would highly recommend this show to others!
Very fun show with a lot to see.  Felt very psychedelic but that is quintessential Beatles.  Most of the Beatles more famous songs are in the show.  Also, the dancing, choreography, sets, acrobatic stunts, and video combined with the music, is for a Beatle fan or anyone who likes a great show
All you need is love.. . . ;). . Very good show, even if you're not a Beatles fanatics.. . Been there two times, really enjoyed the show.. . And yes, all WE need is love...
Best big show we saw in Vegas. Amazingly beautiful and fun to watch. Go! We Summer of Cirque tickets and they were a great value. The only downside is that I think all other Cirque shows will now pale in comparison.
HUGE Beatles fan, HUGE Cirque fan. Enough said, Loved the show. Definitely recommend.
I have been to several of these Cirque shows and this one was amazing...we were a party of 17 and EVERYONE love it!!!   Monte Carlo hotel helped us get tickets at a good discount (even less than 1/2 price tickets offered us) & we all were able to sit together (midweek) on a last minute booking.  I would love to see this show again...2 thumbs up x 17 very happy people- ages in our group ranged from 12 to 60ish...this show has something for everyone!!!
This is definitely one of my top favorite Cirque productions. If you have experienced Cirque shows, you most likely assume what you're getting yourself into is another entertaining performance with tricks and stunts, basically typical circus acts with flair. Well, this definitely stands out amongst the others.. . Obviously, LOVE celebrates the history of the Beatles and their music. Rather than aerial acts, contortionists, and trapeze acts, Cirque uses the art of dance and unique stage props to portray Beatles' classics and tell the story of their music. Don't worry, there are still some cool tricks they perform to keep you entertained. . . The staging for the show is awesome, honestly any seat is a good seat. Wait, I'm lying, don't sit in the very first row! Your necks are bound to be hurting by the end of the show and all you'll get to appreciate is their feet. The stage is set in the middle of the room with the seats placed around them in a full 360 circle. There isn't any type of backdrop other than 2 panoramic screens placed against the back walls, which can be seen from any seat. . . Even if you're not a huge Beatles fan (what?), you'll still enjoy the show because of the excitement and liveliness the dancers, props, and special effects are able to bring to the stage.. . You'll leave the theatre feeling nothing but happiness and truly believing 'all you need is love'.
A family affair! Beautiful show, which brought tears to my eyes as my children sang along word for word with each song. Focus is much more on the art of the Beatles and less the Cirq, but still just as breathtaking. Worth every cent!
"LOVE" love loved this show. . . This was my first Cirque production to attend and hopefully will not be my last. . . Oh the Beatles, such great music, you cant help but want to stand up and sing and dance throughout this whole performance. Or well maybe that's just me. . . The theater stage is located in the center with the audience seats surrounding. My seats were located mid-way in the second section and I absolutely feel I had one of the best spots in the house, though really I think any seat would be a great seat. There are things going on in every corner and cranny of the room as a whole, that your eyes simply cannot keep up.. . The fluidity of the performance is amazing, transitioning from one scene/song to the next with almost little to no interruption. The artistic choreography and talented performers did such an incredible job orchestrating the impact, look, and feel of every Beatles song featured. . . Vivid, vibrant, sheer exciting show. I honestly would enjoy seeing this again and would highly recommend to everyone.
There are no bad seats in this theater. At first, you may be concerned about the curtains blocking your view but they don't as they are removed for the most parts of the show and are only there when they need to project something.. . Although you don't need to be a Beatles fan or know their music particularly well, I think it helps greatly in the entertainment and enjoyment factor. It pushes it over the top for me. I love the Beatles. Thanks to my parents listening to them incessantly, it was hard not to hear their catchy tunes as a child.. . I recognized all but a couple of the songs played and for the ones I didn't I wasn't as pumped compared to the ones I knew.. . This isn't the first Cirque show I've been to but there were less amazing acrobats and more interpretative dance in my humble opinion. If you are looking to be wowed by acrobats then this is probably the least "Cirque" one for you. The best part for that I can recall is the skating part where they do some nice tricks.. . If you want to feel good and enjoy the show as they sing the song at the end, then this is the show to see.. . You won't be disappointed. Unless you are a sulk!
Amazing show!! It doesn't matter if you are a fan of the beatles or not...it keeps your attention the whole time. A must see show for sure!
This show is one-of-a-kind. The theater design and stage blocking makes every seat in the house a good seat and also makes the performance unique to each seat at every angle. Loved it. We'll be talking in awe about this show for years to come.
Fantastic, energetic, entertaining, fun, exciting, highly recommended!!!!  I have to say that I  truly loved, "LOVE."  :)  It is my new favorite Cirque show.  Sorry Zumanity!  :). . Saw "Love," with somefriends on 7/22/12.  We purchased our tickets from the "Tix for Tonight" booth at the Fashion Show Mall.  I am glad we did this as we were able to trim off about $52 per ticket by doing so.  . . I have seen just about every Cirque show in Vegas:  KA, Zumanity, O, Mystere and this one kept me entertained the whole time!  (BTW, I fell asleep through parts of O and KA).  I was never really into Beatles music, but it didn't matter because the content of the show was very fun and filled with energy.  I just remember smiling throughout the show.  :). . The performers are super talented and there is not a bad seat in the house.  . . If you still are debating which Cirque show to see my recommendation to you would be ,"GO SEE LOVE!"  My 2nd recommendation would be "If you don't want to see Love, go see ZUMANITY!"  :)
LOVE...Love...love. . Fantastic show and well worth the money! It had all the greatest hits by the beatles and their interpretation of each song was amazing...so creative!! One of the songs in particular were so memorable...I felt like I was dreaming in the skies.. . It is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show so far. The tickets are not bad and the theatre is great ( you can see anywhere you sit). I highly recommend this show! All the songs are great...even if you are not a Beatles fan...you'll recognize the songs and you'll love them after watching this show. It was top notch! As you listen to songs and watch the dancers...it felt a little psychedelic. It was a great experience and I would watch it again! . . Great imagination and very entertaining! BEST SHOW EVER!
Hard to lose with such a great soundtrack.  This is a really fun show that is perfectly paced.  It is more visually spectacular than acrobatically superior, though there are smatterings of athletic prowess that will not fail to amaze.  Come without any preconceptions of what a Cirque show "should be" and I'd be incredibly surprised -- actually, shocked -- if you fail to enjoy yourself.  In fact, if this occurs, write to me and explain how you came to be so humorless.
LOVEd this!  A VEGAS MUST SEE!. . What a fantastic experience! The dancers and acrobats are exceptionally talented!  I have never been a Beatles fan before, but was familiar with all of the songs chosen for the performance, and have been falling in LOVE with each of them for the last few weeks following the show.  I have seen other Cirque Du Soleil performances and enjoyed this one most by far!
Amazing!
Simply Amazing!! This show is a must see! Great music and great performances!!  LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!!
Absolutely fantastic!!!. . This show was worth my trip to Vegas. I am a huge Beatles fan, and loved the interpretations of all of the songs that I've been singing since I was young. This was my first Cirque show-- I've noticed that a lot of people seem bothered by the lack of acrobatics in the show, but that didn't bother me at all.. . We bought the super cheap seats in the very top row. Got there just prior to showtime, and they upgraded us to seats in the 4th row. The seats were great, but I can't really imagine that there's a bad seat in the house. In fact, at one point, I thought that I might have liked sitting a little further up because there was so much going on above me that I felt like I was looking all over the place and missing things.. . At any rate, there were four of us in my party, and for all of us, this was the highlight of our Vegas trip. I would definitely see it again!
Quite honestly, nothing moves me more than a Cirque du Soleil show. This could possibly be the single motivation that brings me back to Vegas once a year. Love was a colorful showcase of the Beatles catalogue set to the whimsical set, dance, and acrobatics of CdS. The visual interpretation of their songs was stunning and truly moving. It makes me feel an overwhelming sense of pride that I was born in a time wheresuch talent made an indelible mark on the music world with unparalleled cultural repercussions. (Ok, it was long before I was born, but in my lifetime). I would recommend this show to any Beatles or CdS fan. You will be moved. ALso, any seat is great as per all these shows, the venue is intimate. Love!! Love!! Love!!
had an amazing experience! totally epic! took my dad for his birthday, he and i are fans of The Beatles! Fantastic opening of the show.. got teary eyed with the music selection... non stop action! This is a MUST to catch when you are in Vegas! totally seeing it on my next visit!
The epitome of an amazing show. . . The best Cirque show, hands down and around. One of the best shows, period. And I've seen a LOT of shows in my lifetime. Aren't all Cirque shows the same, you may ask? The answer is no! This show focuses less on glorified circus tricks and brings more LIFE to the dances and acts, making the experience more REAL.. . 'LOVE' is different. It is moving and meaningful. Set around the World War II period, the show really captures the mood of the era. The music is all the Beatles tunes you grew up singing and tapping your feet to. The performers' dances and acts are so easy to relate to and the room is flooded with such a heightened sense of emotion. The show is also so much FUN! There are many acts that completely blew my mind, and others filled me with such joy (some acts did both!).. . Unlike almost every show I've ever seen, every seat in the house IS a good seat. The theater is structured such that it has a very communal feel, and enhances that sense of community during the way cool audience participation section -- don't worry, it's nothing that puts you on the spot at all. . . During 'LOVE', I lost sense of time and thought (and hoped) it would never end. After leaving the show, I felt like I was walking on air.. . . TIP: Although this show may be costly, it is definitely worth it. This is the #1 show I've ever attended in Vegas. For your reference, 2nd place goes to Avenue Q -- anything that erases lines of political correctness is awesome in my book!
If you like The Beatles, then you kind of have to see Love when you're in Las Vegas. Remastered and (slightly) remixed versions of the greatest songs from the greatest band of all time are brought to vivid, imaginative, beautiful, and sometimes emotional life by Cirque Du Soleil's talented cast of acrobats, dancers, and street performers in a colorful fest for the eyes and the ears. The way the Fab Four's music sounds through the speakers in The Mirage's custom built theater is worth the (admittedly pretty steep) price of admission alone.. . (Also, because I got a good deal on my seats from Tix4Tonight, that made the steep admission price a little more easy to swallow).. . A must-see for Beatle lovers of all ages.
Combine the music of the Beatles with the artistry and acrobatics of Cirque du Soleil and you get exactly what you expect- a fantastic show! Go see it! You'll LOVE it! :)
Absolutely amazing show! Well worth the money.
Second time I have seen the show. And I can honestly say I would love to see it again. I love the Beatles and cirque de soleil. Combine the two and you have something I will love. I would recommed this to anyone.
I decided to buy tickets for the Beatles show LOVE as a gift for my parents because my Dad was a huge fan if the Beatles and I wanted him to experience Vegas more then just staying in the casino. My other option was Donnie and Marie at the Flamingo or Jersey Boys at the Palazzo but I decided to stick with Beatles at the Mirage. I wasn't a huge Beatles fan but I just wanted him to enjoy himself and enjoy the scenery out on the Vegas strip besides the Pai Gow, Blackjack, and video slots.. . The Love show is located inside the Mirage in the old Siegfried and Roy theater (1989 - 2003). The entrance had a 1960's psychedelic theme with the vibrant lights changing on the floor and ceiling makes you want to say the word "groovey". On the right side is the Beatles store where they can rake more money out of you but sadly it worked on me. :o. . The showroom has 2 levels and the bottom part of the arena is the pricey and the upper level the more less expensive but the best section to watch the show is the middle section because you get a good view compared to the bottom and you get to be part of the show but not really part but I'll just shut my mouth now.. . The seating attendants are all dressed in LOVE show uniforms and give you programs for the show, the stage rotates like any other Vegas show I've seen like, Ka at MGM, Mystere at Treasure Island, Mama Mia at Mandalay Bay (Which was a fantastic show but is now gone) are just some examples if you have seen these kind of shows. . . The Beatles songs flow with the rhythm of the performers and the different scenes in order to capture the meaning of the song such as love, sorrow, pain, freedom, happiness and hope. . . In the end of the show, surely I have become a Beatles fan and even bought their album in iTunes and my parents loved the show and I chose. Also I'm glad my Dad didn't fall asleep during the show because the last shows he watched in Vegas were Phantom of the Opera and Ka, so I got my moneys worth here. I found promotion online on the Mirage website for the LOVE show, 2 tickets for $100 and a student price for 35% off, so I called that day and booked it and even got all 3 of us altogether. =). . After the show ends, Revolution reps will be outside handling Love ticket holders with a, "Ticket to Ride"  2 for 1 drink coupon for the REVOLUTION Lounge but it's only good from 8pm - 10pm. . . The show was so good I decided to watch it the 2nd time with 30% discount for hotel guests but sadly I missed the first 20 minutes of the show because I was passed out on the seat. =\. . I highly recommend watching show or prepare to miss out!
Whether you're a fan of the Beatles or not, go see this show.. . Great for a date.. Great for a family.. Great for a solo night to find yourself (huh?).. . . You can spend countless hours reading reviews or you can take my advice and buy the damn tickets.. . Even better yet, start the night off at Kokomo's Steak and Seafood. They have combo packages for the two. Bam! Anniversary weekend complete.. . You can thank me later.
I love the Beatles so this show really does it for me. It's nice to see they changed some of the acts from when I first attended one of their soft openings. For example, during the soft opening they only played Blackbird for 5-10 seconds before they had an awful exchange between two people while staring at a dead blackbird on the ground. Now they play the whole song which is much nicer. If you like Cirque or the Beatles this is worth your time to attend.
Great show.... well worth it... get tickets really early they sell out fast. . Fantastic for dates or that special occasion. It doesn't matter how many reviews you read, its one of does things that you have to witness and be a judge for yourself. I Loved the way they used allot of different curtains and entrances for the actors. every seat of the house is great. I'm not huge on the BEATLES but this is something i would love to see again...
There isn't much more that I can add except one word, amazing. If you ever get a chance to go, do it! . . *tip.. Check the Mirage website for discounts. Honestly the best seats are the cheaper seats. We sat in the very last row and could see everything perfectly as there is a lot going on.
I have seen this show 4 times.  I love this amazing show.  You can't possibly get a bad seat in this place. It's a round theatre. So much goes on you will get something out of it depending on what catches your eye. The energy is great. It's completely G rated this is such a great show for kids.  So enjoyable. A classic. Fun for ALL AGES!!
I absolutely loved this show!!  Now I want to see all the cirque du soleil shows. :)
AWESOME...can't wait to do it again!!
Extraordinary. Uses real Beatles music, not covers. High energy, hard to keep up with everything. Has a continuing recurrence of the four of them in silhouette which humanized and added a little humor. Really enjoyed this. Would love to see it again.
Upon entering the venue, bright lights and neon colors invite you into what is the prequel to the amazing Beatles Cirque du Soleil show. We stopped to get beverages beforehand and noticed the drink menu items were named after popular Beatles. Made me want to try every Beatles influenced cocktail!!! We got the Hello Goodbye beverage along with a pina colada (cuz I wanted something cold and sweet). You can add a shot for $4 into your beverages ($12 12oz or $17 32oz). The pina colada was VERY sweet but also very strong. So be forewarned if you're a lightweight. The bar lines are ridiculous. Took us at least 20 minutes to get two beverages. . . The staff were excellent. They were able to direct us efficiently to our seats before the show started (we only had a 2 minute window before the show started).. . Seating is easy to find and the auditorium has a 360 degree view, so ANY seat has a good view. I have to say the farther you're seated the better because you will be able to see the entire show from a higher view. The production is amazing. The story line was entertaining and about...LOVE! The performers were excellent and their human strength inspires me. My favorite scene was the chain of bubbles which reminds me of how effervescent the Beatles are and will be for ever. I also want a freaking bubble piano in my house now because it'll definitely be a conversation starter.. . I am also considering a career change and joining cirque du soleil. Wish me luck guys!!! I highly recommend seeing this show. They have daily deals (50% off tickets), so just call and ask! :)
I love the Beatles more than life itself.  With that in mine what do you think i think about this show?????
Fantastic. Amazing, amazing show!!!
This review was long over do. I wish I had reviewed this a few years back when I had went to it.. . You have 2 amazing things here... Cirque du Soleil and the Beatles, how can you go wrong?? Well you can't. This has to be one of my top favorite Cirque du Soleil show's I have ever seen. . . If you only see 1 Cirque show, this MUST be the one. So if you're yelping for reviews on Cirque shows in the area, this is it.. . It has it all a story, great performances, great stage, and to top it off....... BEATLES MUSIC!!. . If I lived in the area and didn't only visit once a year, I would definitely see this show more often.
Out of all the Cirque shows in Vegas, THIS is the best one to see! I'm a local & I've seen in 3 times. There is not a bad seat in the house. There is a point in the show where the lower half of the audience is covered for about a minute. Whether you are or are not a Beatles fan you will love this show! This show has so much I can't name it all, but you will love it all!. . If you're a local don't forget to mention it when you go to the box office to get a discount. Right now they are doing a special on 11/18 at a special pricing!
an AMAZING show!. . great music (speakers on every seat and in front of you)! great for everyone, whether youre a beatles fan or not (but c'mon how could you not be?!) There is so much to see. Visuals up, down, below, everywhere along with a great cast and great music, you cannot go wrong. You will be surprised and in awe..guaranteed! Such a feel good performance. . . Oh yes, and not a bad seat in the house. And yes, I was all the way at the top!. . Creative genius. A must see in vegas!
This show is the most amazing thing I have ever seen in my life! For frame of reference allow me to give examples of things I have seen that cannot compete with this show:. . -Assisted with childbirth. -Watched numerous car accidents in progress (three with fire involved). -Seen people tased in real life. -Done CPR, brought back a few. -Seen bad people arrested and good people saved. . . The point being, this show is so much cooler than anything I can ever imagine. It was truly mind-blowing. To the cast, please let me say you are all amazing artists. YOU are what makes this show. I hope you read this and share with your peers how much what you do means to us. Seeing your dancing and precision is truly inspiring, especially for those of us with two left feet. The music was incredible, the dancing and performance incredible. It was just wondrous. I only wish I could afford to take everyone I know there, because I can't think of anyone who wouldn't be blown away by your performance. When I win the Powerball this week, I will contact the show and try and get a private performance for me and a  few hundred pals.. . Thanks Cirque du Soleil- LOVE. The world is a better place for this show being in existence.
If you see this show and at no point you find yourself filled with child-like wonder, you have no soul. This was incredible. You know how people say things are awesome and they really aren't awesome, it's just people overusing the word 'awesome?' This show is ACTUALLY full on awesome. It takes the human experience we all share of those weird dreams that make no sense and then taps into it to make it a shared and live experience for everyone. They somehow manage to bend reality and not in a half-assed kind of way. It's reality bent and twisted into a surreal experience capturing the essence of every Beatles song played. This was my first Cirque show and I hope they are all this fantastic.
These performers have mastered the craft of making difficult and dangerous stunts look remarkably easy.  The score and art direction of this show is the best I've seen.  The only complaint is that I need to return at least twice more to catch all of the action!
YES! I finally got to experience this fabulous show. Being as the Beatles remain my all time favorite band I have been wanting to see this show forever. And i was not disappointed. We had seats in the front row but up on a ledge. I personally think this could have been the best seats in the house. The portray  of the Beatles era was spot on. The dancers were very talented. My favorite set had to be to the song Strawberry Fields Forever. The entire room went red and they had an array of various performers blowing all different types of bubbles. it was visually arousing. There was also an awesome guest interaction they put a huge white sheet over the crowd and pastel colors shown through. I highly recommend seeing this show. Especially if your a Beatles fan.
Seats do not matter in this small, intimate auditorium.  See it all from the balcony/less expensive seats or get intimate with more expensive seats.
We were extremely impressed with the performances, the production value, and vantage view of the entire show!!!
Ive seen pretty much every show in las vegas. From the crappiest one where I wanted to hang myself or go "Michael Meyers" on the cast, to the best one where I can go back again , again and again.. . Love is spectacular. Not only because it's a cirque show, but because the vibe it gives you. You leave the show happy, thinking you can actually change the world (of course this spell goes away as soon as you hit the tables and get a couple scotchs on the rocks).. . The theater is very nice. Everyone that works is dressed up to match with the show. Everyone is wearing some kind of old school british outfit. One thing I don't understand is why people rush through the doors. The place is seat assigned and it doesn't matter if you get there 20 minutes early or right on time. Seriously it reminds me of the lion king scene where mufasa dies. Weird how people still do this nowayds isn't it?. . When the show starts you inmediatly get summerged in the whole experience. As usual when you go to a ciruqe show, keep your eyes wide open and look all around you as things are happeing all over the place. But the main story is in the center of course. This accompanied with the best beatles songs gives the show a feeling. First its sad, then funny, then love(no pun intended), then war, thenhate, etc I mean. . honestly you are in a trip through England since the beginning of the last century. The music makes it extra special.. . Tickets are not cheap, but you can sometimes find some good deals online. But even if you pay full priceit totally worth it. The cirque experience is a magnificent one and if you are a beatles fan this is definetly the show for you. Ive seen the show plenty of times and can tell you that it made me feel good every single one of them.. . So all you need is LOVE......and money to buy the tickets ..then you ll be all set..
From the beginning, I was floored. I've seen many of the other Cirque shows and each of them has a different flavor that I've found great appreciation for. In this show, it start off very solemn, then out of no where it EXPLODES. People running around the middle, acrobats literally falling from the sky. They wanted to start this one off with a bang, and they do an amazing job of it.. . Some of the characters take a little bit of knowledge regarding the time period Beatles music is set in as well as the historical events happening then. Beyond that, every song has something you can easily connect with.. . The is one act which I still can't believe I saw. There is a guy on a platform at the top, and its rotating all the way round. He keeps doing these mid air jumps and staying on the platform without any wires. Crazy!. . Whether you're a Beatles fan or not, this performance will amaze you and be a great highlight of your Vegas trip.. . NOTE: Show is probably even better if you're drunk.
This was our sixth Cirque show and it was awesome! I'm going to include this first so you don't waste your money on seat upgrades: the floor seats aren't the best seats in the house. Don't spend the $200+ per ticket because you'll actually miss some of the performers. We had the very last row and loved our seats- which I know sounds strange but let me explain. When you click on the seating for the stadium, the stage looks huge. However, the show is divided up into four stage sections so that each section gets it's own show for the most part. Also- the stadium seating is extremely steep so even the back row is closer than you would ever expect. The show has so many performers, and a lot going on in the air above the seats past the stage- this is what you wouldn't see if you were in the front section because this would all be behind you. . . OK, the show itself is long and there is no intermission so get your drinks and bathroom breaks in before hand. We weren't sure what to expect, but the story covers the entire history of the Beatles, which is very cool, but a little depressing during a few parts. Confetti falls from the ceiling at a couple different parts and there is never a dull moment as there were several stage changes and continuous music. It was almost sensory overload. We weren't sure about spending more than the usual cost for the traveling shows, but honestly it's a completely different experience (starting with the more comfortable seats) and I would recommend going.
This show is spectacular and well worth the price or sitting through horrible time share presentations. I'm not a huge Beatles fan, but I was really blown away and had no idea how many Beatles songs I truly enjoy. The theater is small and intimate allowing you to really experience the show... especially with the out of this world surround sound system.
I must say, I have never been a huge Beetles fan.  ALthough I love the Cirque Du Coleil shows, which is why I decided to see this one.  . . The show was great.  The music matched perfectly to the events happening on stage.  I enjoyed this more than most of the other Soleil shows and Im telling you, you will not be dissapointed.  I recommend purchasing your tickets in advance.  While int he long line to get in, over 60 people were on a standby line trying to get in.  Not many of them made it.
Ah.....LOVE.  This was one of the epic moments I was looking forward to while in Vegas.  If there was one Cirque show we were going to - this was it.  I purchased tickets well in advance to secure our seats, and the tickets were expensive but definitely did not feel like we missed out by purchasing the tickets priced mid-range vs. the ones down front.  . . The stage is unique and very busy.   Once the show begins - there are people and moving parts flying all over the place.  There are a lot of great props, outfits, stage sets, characters...lighting and sound.  LOVE is a sensory overload on all fronts.  Honestly, I don't feel as though you have to be an avid Beatles fan.  I am a moderate fan, but the show and music create such a unique theatrical environment.  Being a Beatles lover is not a requirement.  . . It seemed to go by so quickly and had that....what just happened stare in my eyes after the finale was over.  Just a great show to experience.  If having trouble selecting which Cirque show to attend - put LOVE at the top of the list.  Put some extra monies aside to cover those tickets - you will thank me later.  This is a definite must for hardcore Beatles lovers.
If you're a huge Beatles fan, you will love this show. If you're a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, you might feel a lil' bit disappointed? But I guarantee this, you will definitely appreciate the artistic value of the show and what it's goal was..and that was to pay homage to one of the most influential bands in the history of music. Since I have been a life long Beatles fan, I was very curious as what I should expect? And then my wife literally said, "Let It Be!" , and I did...I just relaxed and let go of any expectations from any other show that had seen in the past. Once the music began, I was knocked into the back of my seat.. . The audio and visual presentation is awesome. In addition to the theaters dynamic audio system, you have high end audio speakers that are embedded in the headrest of your very comfortable theater chairs, plus the seats that are in front of you have the speakers directed towards you as well!  The main body of the show starts off very solemn,  and as the crescendo builds....it EXPLODES on to the scene with a re-mastered version of "Get Back". With performers  dancing and running around the middle of the stage, skaters skating, and acrobats literally falling and flying from the sky.....Whew! . . I was on a high like no other!  My wife was used to listening to the Beatles only through me...strangely enough she quickly became a fan of the Beatles after the show. But I almost think that she was overwhelmed...it was kinda cute, but she kept saying, Hey D, I know that song!  They creators of this show wanted to start this one off with a bang, and they do an OUTSTANDING job of doing it!  You cannot help appreciate the genius not only of Lennon and McCartney, but the FAB FOUR are a part of music history and this was just a way that Cirque du Soleil was able to pay tribute to their contributions to the music, not of their own generation, but all that followed!  Just a fabulous show....so good we decided to take our daughters to this show next spring! I can hardly wait...!
All You Need Is "LOVE". . By Kelly Vohnn. . Picture yourself in a seat at the Mirage, with curtains around looking like marmalade skies.  Somebody calls you, you answer quite cheerful, the clowns mime their way and soar incredibly high. . . I know, I know, I'm a little corny.  You can't tell me you've never heard of Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds...  The Beatles timeless music has lasted through the decades and acquired many new fans young and old alike.  If you weren't a huge fan of the Beatles before seeing Love, afterwards you will walk away with a whole new appreciation for everything that they have contributed to the music industry.  The band that took America by storm introduced a whole new look and era which opened the doors for a refreshing change in the music industry.  Their ever changing music grew more popular every generation. . . Cirque du Soleil went out on a stretch and coupled popular music to their world renowned human circus shows.  Love is my second favorite Cirque show.  You'll eventually find out my first.  Cirque has uniquely interpreted each hit the Beatles ever made making you sit onthe edge of your seat during the whole production.  They really tried to appeal to a younger audience with astonishing aerial performances, the remarkable extreme sports and incredible urban freestyle dance.. . I was escorted to my seat by a heavy set girl with a British accent wearing psychedelic British police clothes.  All the ushers had British accents.  One of Cirques signature trade marks is that they will search the world for the right cast and encourage foreigners to enhance their productions.  They use 60 international artists in Love.  I find their use of music very lulling and entrancing in most Cirque shows.  Where as Love brought back childhood memories and I was singing along to some of the tunes.  They mesh in a tribute to the Fab Four using panoramic visual and surround sound in the Mirages custom built theatre.  The end leaves a delightful longing to learn more about The Beatles and to appreciate them. . . Of course you have your Cirque du Soleil die hards who believe that using words AND pop songs with a Cirque show is unacceptable.  I say things change and when they do we should embrace them.  It was very different from all of the other Cirque shows I've seen and I really enjoyed it.
If you like their music (and if you don't you're (unamerican), then get a huge $20 ( 4 shot) drink, and enjoy the show. Had a great time. We might have been the youngest in our row by about 20-30 years, but everyone was having a great time.
Can I give this show more than five stars? It was THAT good!! I saw this for the second time last week and it was, like the first time, amazing.. . The lights, acrobatics, dancing, costumes, Beatles songs (mashed up and remixed), and dialogue all come together to form the perfect tribute to the greatest band in the world. If you're a hardcore Beatles fan you'll be in a state of nostalgia and if you're a newbie (I doubt there are any) you will be turned on to the music of this talented group.. . My favorite segments of the show are the slower ones: "Here Comes the Sun," "While My Guitar Gently Weeps," "Something," etc. Those are the parts where you really get to see just how intricate and effortless the acrobatics are. (Having the guy without his shirt on during "Something" is not too shabby either).. . The show has been going on for five years, and with good reason. It's incredible. You have to go see it! Just the box office is enticing enough to make you want to go because of the neon colored walkway, Beatles sign, Beatles music playing overhead, and the gift store full of Beatles memorabilia (mousepads, anyone?).. . You will NOT be disappointed, I promise!
Art interpretation of Beatles song at its best.
Amazing show, performers are amazing, lights and tech aspects are also fantastic! I highly recommend LOVE!
Beautiful! I love Cirque du Soleil but sometimes I get a little sleepy towards the end. Not Love. I was wanting more and more. The person next to me had to hate me because I was rocking out! . Just a beautiful work of art!. . Cheers!
The show makes me cry and haunts my dreams, in the best way ever. The remixed Beatles songs were masterfully done with the highest respect. The interpretations of each song were wonderfully done, and the characters, oh, the characters. We have gold circle tickets right where everything (like the giant screens) was dead center, and I cannot tell you, it blew my mind, you could interact with the performers almost. It make me fall in love with The Beatles all over again. . . Not gonna lie - I recommend smoking mary jane beforehand (if you do that sort of thing). The psychedelic bits really pop when under the influence. Any way - straight, drunk, high, whatever - its completely magnificent.
Fantastic. . . This show is appropriate for anyone as there is are a variety of spectacles occurring throughout the ninety minute show. Acrobatics, music, visual art, historical references and social commentary. Very pleased to have finally made it to Cirque. . . Note: This show would be particularly amazing for a Beatles fan (duh) or a babyboomer (parents cough cough).
Caveat - I grew up listening strictly to oldies. Specifically, the Beatles. I've owned every Fab Four album and can sing along with any song. Needless to say, I was completely bowled over with this show. . . True, this Cirque show is different than others. The focus is equally on the music as it is on the acrobatic feats, and for many Cirque-lovers, that might not cut it. But if you love Cirque AND The Beatles, there is really nothing better. The music and moves are so artfully and remarkably paired that it is non-stop amazing-ness from the thrilling moment it begins until this sad moment it ends.. . So many people have already summed up this show beautifully, so let me conclude with my favorite acts:. 1) For the Benefit of Mr. Kite - amazing circus tricks, particularly the dude at the very top on the big hamster wheel thing. I was on the edge of my seat for the entirety hoping and praying he wouldn't fall to his death because those feats he performed were just too incredible. . . 2) HELP - with the roller skaters! so, so, so much fun.. . 3) Octopus' Garden - whimsical and lovely, loved the giant floating jellyfish.. . 4) Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds - any act with the aerial silks is just beautiful, but this one really was the most magnificent display of elegance.. . I sat in the back row but the surround-seating layout of the theatre made it seem like a very intimate performing area, so don't be disappointed if those are the only seats you can score.
My all-time favorite Cirque show ever!! I don't even know that many Beatles songs but the beautiful choreography and presentation brought tears to my eyes. It's such a touching and meaningful story and they managed to utilize the stage and entire theater in the most engaging way. You will leave with a smile on your face and a full heart. I can't recommend this show enough!
is you like the Beatles don't just sit there  RUN. it was great better then stupid peepshow with coco lol. even though the tickets were comped i would have paid . make sure you get the right seats here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. as i was warned thank god i took their advice    closer is not always better . there is so much action its over whelming up close you wont see more then 65% of the show   you have to sit up a bit and slightly angled.. Im 33 years old i really wasn't a part of the Beatles era but i felt as though i was a part of it. I will have to back again!      also sometimes locals can get half off pricing which is a good thing if your in vegas as often as i am and well you know locals . god save the queen ?!?  haha
A total trip for every single sense.  There was so much goingon, you could not help but pay attention and immerse yourself in the show.  The cirque performers were amazing and the choreography could not have been more perfect for each song.  There is not a bad seat in the house! The show really draws you in and keeps you there. I would love to see it again.
As you wait in line for Beatles Love to start, you feel the energy of the Beatles within. The pre show environment, from the music, to the surrounding decor, to the awesome fans, help create excitement and anticipation for the show to begin.  You can't get a bad seat in the 360 degree auditorium. Whether you are seated in the lower level section or the upper level, every seat in the auditorium gives you a different perspective. I've seen this show three times and I plan on watching it many more times.  It's AMAZING!  I didn't want to blink my eyes because I was scared I would miss something! The performers did an awesome job. Very talented and oh sooo entertaining! I highly recommend this cirque show to everyone!. . BEWARE: do not use any flash photography or a British guard may harass you :/ . . Enjoy!
LOVE IT! Second time seeing it! With the kids this time :). . Well, after seeing this for the second time, we decided that we liked our higher up in the balcony area seating better last time. (You can see a lot more of the action) :) We LOVE Cirque du Soleil and will be seeking out more of their shows til we see them all! And again too! :)
This was one of the best experiences of my life! A must see show for sure.
Another excellent Cirque show. Surprise, surprise! This one was so much fun. It really felt like a party! The performers have SO much energy and they really get the audience to feel it with them. Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds was my favorite part. Everyone who is a part of Cirque exhibits such effortless talent, it'struly amazing. They are perfectionists for sure and just simply the best of the best. The bar at this show also offers fun drinks like "Hard Day's Night," and there's tons of Beatles/Love apparel available for purchase. The whole show is like a really great dream slash party...it just takes you to another planet!
After dinner we venture to Mirage where we see the Cirque du Soleil "Love" show celebrating The Beetle's and their contribution to the music world.  The 60s' and The Beetles are very well represented here through dance and a wide array of visual splendor.  . . As usual for Cirque du Soleil, the dance and performances are seemingly (amateur opinion) choreographed and executed flawlessly.  A skateboarding ramp is utilized by the four Beetle's characters who wear shoes with concealed wheels.  . . Throughout the show there is a "lonely guy" (Sgt. Peppers Lonely Heart Band) who keeps missing out on love throughout the performance.  There are long sheer panels of cloth with illusions of the former band members and they seem to come to life with old vocal recordings of their dialogue playing in the background.  . . This proved to be especially poignant for Bella as she was unfamiliar with nearly every Beetle's song but found herself moved to the point of cloudy eyes by the shows finale tunes of "Hey Jude" and "With a Little Help From my Friends" from the "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart Band" album.  Truth be told, I'd forgotten how many truly great songs The Beetles had until I heard them all in one sitting.
If any show should be on a person's bucket list, this should be it.  Because the ticket prices are at the high-end, I could only afford seats in section 208 but I recommend booking the upper level.  Much of the show takes place above the audience so our seats were perfect.  Even one part of the show involves the whole audience and our seats again provided a superior vantage point.  . . So a couple of thoughts to help you if considering this show.  It is not a Beatles tribute with acrobatics.  It is a Cirque Du Soleil show set to the Beatles music.  The difference?  The performers are still the focal point (vs. the Michael Jackson show which was a tribute to MJ performed by Cirque Du Soleil). . . Second, for this show it is as if they have taken movie special-effects and brought them to a live audience (in terms of the sets, scene changes, choreography).  It is jaw dropping. . . Third,  the athleticism of the performers is remarkable and yet understated as it is used to advanced the show's theme.  . . In sum, WOW.
A must see Las Vegas Show. My two friends and I saw this show on a 2/11/13 in the 206 section for about $90/ticket, which was the perfect location. Their are a lot of acrobatics, so you don't want to be too low, and close to the stage or else you will miss everything going on in the air, but you also don't want to be too high up either. I've never been in a theater-in-the-round before, so that was a pretty good experience. The theater itself wasn't that packed at all for a 9:30pm show, but it was a pretty dead week in Las Vegas.. . As for the show itself, this show was the perfect amount of Beatles music, with acrobatics, with performances on the stage. The show goes through the history of the Beatles and plays all of their big songs, as well as some of the songs I've never really heard before. I had a friend who was disappointed a little, because he thought it was going to be a cover band like setup, but instead it was all just their original songs playing to them putting on a show (I enjoyed the fact that they didn't do a cover band). Show was a little over an hour and a half, but they really used every second to its full potential. If you enjoy listening to music at all, this is a must see show to watch while in Las Vegas.
We loved the Beatles LOVE show. This was our first Cirque show, and first Vegas show for that matter, and we were not disappointed. It was super entertaining and evoked much of that "good feelin" Beatles groove. . . The music selection was excellent and the choreography and effects were amazing. My wife especially enjoyed the aerial parts, and actually wanted more of that. I thought there was a pretty good balance of everything. Also, it was nice how they made the show partially interactive and had the crowd involved at various times (the beginning was classic, where they had various characters come into the crowd and interact with them). . . This show really lives up to the expectations, and we walked out with smiles on our faces. BTW: we went to the 7:30pm showing; when it was over, we felt like a herd of cattle being ushered out. We noticed an extremely long line-up for the 9:30pm showing on our way out (not to mention it being a lot busier than when we first got there), so we were glad we made it to the earlier showing. . . Oh, photography is strictly prohibited; probably because they have their own photographers walking around taking pictures (to sell after, of course) of you. There's a really cool backdrop after the box office as well, when you're about to head into the auditorium, where you can take pics. They have a photographer out there as well; when we asked her to take a picture with our camera (in addition to the one she take of us to sell) she declined and said she wasn't allowed. . No big deal for us (we just had the people behind us take our picture), but I don't understand why this isn't a big deal at somewhere like Disneyland. I have my doubts about their photography being the cash cow (more than the tickets and food & beverage) of events like these... anyway, just a rant of mine.
This is hands down the best Cirque show ever. The acrobatics, costumes, stage, props, set, and lighting are incredible. Unlike other Cirque shows, this one has a clear theme that it adheres to, making every minute of the 1.5+ hour show worthwhile. . . You have to see this if you are in Vegas!
Love at the Mirage is one of my favorites Cirque Du Soleil shows of all time. I was not a big Beatles fan when I first watched the show back in 2007.  I grew to love the Beatles after the show and even loved the show. I recently watched LOVE, and still do love it! Haha!. This show is obviously a show about the Beatles. The show is a broad spectrum about the Beatles biography during the world war in London. It's characters and costumes represent each character in the song. For example, a few favorites of mine; Lucy in the Sky , Eleanor Rigby, Lady Madonna,  Mr. Kite, and of course Here Comes the Sun, with a character that resembles Krishna. The fabulous costumes were done by a French designer Jean Rabasse, and the stage itself is a central stage giving each seat the ultimate LOVE experience without any obstructions in view. The scene is named after each songs. Each scene has it's unique choreography which includes dancing and acrobatic stunts, that are your typical Cirque du Soleil routines, but I still find it entertaining since the theme is different from your typical cirque show.. If you're looking for an upbeat Cirque Du Soleil show I would suggest LOVE because, it's a show that combines rock with Cirque Du Soleil, which I find unique than any other usual Cirque Du Soleil shows.
This is as good as it gets. Best show on the strip hands down.
Mind Blown.. . This show shattered my expectations, and they were set incredibly high to begin with. The acrobatics were out of control. The illusions that were created were incredible. And the music was obviously spectacular. Even if you are weird and not a big Beatles fan you can still appreciate the beauty that is LOVE. . . There were 5 of us who watched the show. 4 of us left in awe, and one said it was cool but he didn't really get it. I'm going to discount his opinion as an outlier however. . . This is truly a show you must see to understand how great it is. My words won't really do the experience justice. All I can say is it was a damn near perfect hour and a half of my life.
Although I am a Beatles fan, I must admit I was not psyched about seeing this show. I thought it may not live up to the standard cirque show because a few of my friends felt it was lame. I was overly impressed by the prediction and I really enjoyed it. I would completely see it again. It is family friendly and very affordable. Loved It :)
I've seen this cirque show twice.  The first time I saw it was Labor Day Weekend 2007 and now this February 2013.  Both times I throughly enjoyed the show and downloaded all the music that was in the show previously before viewing it a 2nd time.  . . The show felt a little different in some acts but exactly the same for some others this time around.  I've seen other cirque shows in LV and in NY and this one is still my favorite.  My bf also said the same exact thing. It's very entertaining and brought tears to my eyes when thinking of The Beatles and their impression through the decades that they have left behind. . . This show is definitely worth seeing.  I saw the show up close the firs time, and this time from high up.  You definitely get a better view of everything from higher up especially with the scene of the bed with the exaggerated bed sheets covering the audience.  . . See LOVE and you will fall in love!
This wasn't at all what I expected, but I adored this show. I thought there'd be Beatles impersonators, but there weren't. Basically it's like watching a circus act with Beatles music in the background. Maybe I'm not explaining it that well, but it truly was an amazing show. The acrobatics were breath-taking, and the dancing and tricks were incredible. The colorful lights and abstract art were so charming; I really can't say enough good things about the show. While The Beatles weren't the "highlight" of the show, they picked all the best songs that everyone knows and loves. Definitely go see this performance, if only once.
I saw LOVE yesterday, my first Las Vegas show.. . It was mind-bogglingly fantastic. I was totally swept away and mesmerized for over two hours. The sheer creativity, imagination, music, engineering, intricate choreography left me in a state of deep admiration for the entire effort.. . It was superb beyond words. See it before you die.
Wow. All I have to say is I was beyond impressed.beautiful and talented dancers and acrobats. Amazing music, and the best moves! Props were beyond cool, and the special effects show midshow was astonishing. I didn't want to leave, and now I am depressed its not the 60s. And that ill never see the Beatles live. GET BACK!! Get back Beatles. I know. That's. never going to happen :( the boutique had some cool items!! I wanted everything.
my first time seeing a Cirque de Soleil show... and it will definitely not be my last!! . . i am NOT a Beatles fan AT ALL.  my Husband picked this out of a few other choices and our friends bought us the tickets. i was worried that i would hate it because of the music.  Honestly, i was so enthralled with the performance that the music was a background to my amazed eyes. . . if you haven't been to a Cirque show, the actors/performers are basically dancing, hanging, jumping etc.... like a circus set to music with lots of props.  there was so much going on at some points, i couldn't look at it all!  which is a good thing, because you could see the same show twice and still enjoy it. . . i love acrobats and seeing plays at the theater and that is basically what this is.  its a bit of a love story, and there are some sad and some very upbeat parts.  there is also a bitof humor.  If you are in Vegas, i strongly suggest seeing this show, even to those out there who are not beatles fans (like me).
Great show & experience.  Even better when its included in your trip package.  You can't beat Cirque anyday, throw in a soundtrack of all Beatles and you got gold Jerry. Gold!. . Its done so well during its 5 yr run, I can only hope they do a Queen & Doors version down the road.
Best cirque show out there.  Magical, exciting, a lot of movement & never dull (Ka).  Well worth the money & several hours of your time.  Buy tickets at a "tix4tonight" kiosk located on the strip.  Cheapest tickets we were able to find.
BEST SHOW IN VEGAS!!!!!. I've seen almost every show in this town.. I've seen LOVE 6+ times.. I was not a Beatles fan before. I was after the first performance.. My only beef is the performers are getting a little stale and less enthusiastic than before. . . I only have 2 complaints with the acts. First, ditch the bird, clown routine. Sucks.. Second, you guys still haven't found a good dancer for Here Comes the Sun.. If Cirque wants to contact me, I'll explain why you still haven't gotten it right. And how to fix it.. Those are the only 2 sour notes in the show.. The black couple who does the tap routine! Still awesome after all this time!!!!
I LOVE Cirque Shows; I LOVE the Beatles. This was the best of both worlds. Critics argue that it's not a "true" Cirque show because there's a lot of dancing. Yes, there is lots of dancing, but it makes sense and fits the material perfectly. There still is plenty of cool cirque acrobatics, and lots of action all around - above - and below you.. . I HATE Vegas, and traveled there *just* to see this show. All the crowds, traffic, hassles ... all the sleaze and posers in that city ... this show made it a *completely* worthwhile trip! . . If you're a Beatles fan, this is a must-not-miss - and if you're not, you might just be one afterwards. Don't think twice about this show - just go! (by the way ... it's often said there's not a bad seat in the house - in this case, that's absolutely true!). . Go ... just go!
A truly magical experience. . . What drew me to this show initially was my love of the Beatles.  Being my favorite band of all time, I was excited to witness any kind of show involving them and their music,  I really didn't know what to expect from the Cirque Du Soleil aspect of it due to the fact that I was not too familiar with them.  I was blown away by both.  . . The performers were true professionals who have clearly mastered their craft.  The amount of precision and timing these performances entailed was mind blowing.  Not to mention incorporating the acts to fit various songs was no easy feat in itself.  I was happy to see two of my favorite Beatles songs "Something" & "Elanor Rigby" included in the show, the performances sent shivers up my spine.  . . Not to be forgotten, I would like to express my awe and amazement with the stage crew as well.  The amount of time and effort that goes in to putting on a show like this is really remarkable.  . . Overall, if you're a Beatles fan, Cirque Du Soleil fan or just a fan of performing arts in general, this show is a must see in Vegas.  Well worth every penny!
Stunning, unbelievable - a must see. Amazing fun, this and O are the best Cirque has to offer!
amazing! need i say more!?
we have seen this show twice using the locals 2 for 99 buck deal.  We are in the "nosebleed" seats, but seriously, there really isnt a bad seat in this theatre. Great show, obviously great soundtrack, these people dance their hearts out, will see again in the future!!!
Yelp 100 Challenge * 45/100. . I am a HUGE fan of The Beatles. Over the years, I've memorized just about every one of their songs. Unfortunately, I wasn't born in time to watch them perform live. Beatles LOVE is about as close you could get to a great Beatles show with many acrobatic stunts and visuals that make their songs come to life. I wouldn't recommend just about everyone to watch it though, especially if you're not that big on Beatles - at least, pass this show off till you've watch other Cirque performances.. . The show's soundtrack is a mash-up mix of many of the band's hits including Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds, Blackbird, St. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band, Back In The USSR, A Day In The Life and snippets of lesser known songs such as Blue Jay Way, etc. I was especially driven by the Taxman/Drive My Car/The Word trio mash up and Papa, who's an even bigger fan than me, had a big smile on his face the whole way through. Drapes, actual voices retrieved from old recording sessions and moving silhouettes of John, Paul, George and Ringo made it feel like they were actually there. . Stunts were not as elaborate as the ones I've seen at KA, O, or La Reve. However, this one reached the heart more than the others. I watched this show about 3 years ago and till today, they're still playing at the Mirage. Stop by the gift shop after the show and get yourself a souvenir or even better, save the cash and get a picture by the jukebox and colorful hallway leading up to the theatre.
This is an awesome mix of stunts and music that will leave you captivated and entertained. Definitely one of the better cirque shows in Vegas!
Talk about visual orgasms! As a Beatles fan, I was so excited to watch LOVE as my first Cirque show during my first trip to Vegas, and it actually exceeded expectations.. . Favorite performances were Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds and Octopus's Garden, but all of the song interpretations were amazing. I'm also glad they included my much beloved Eleanor Rigby.. . Pro-tip: After asking at will-call if they had better seats available, we were moved from Section 209 Row R to Section 200 Row N. There really is no bad seat in the theatre, but it's good to note that Row N is at the edge of the bedsheets/clouds used to cover the lower audience during one number. We were able to see what went on above the sheets as well as the actors moving underneath. Double win!
After watching KA during my last Vegas trip... I was weary of watching another Cirque show here... but fortunately... this turned out to be frickin' awesome!. . From the costumes... the live music... the acts... the lights... wow. Definitely well worth every penny and really... if you're a fan of the Beatles... you can't miss this!
LOVE is a very different Cirque du Soleil show. . . Zarkana, and many of their traveling shows like OVO, emphasize the Cirque's more traditional circus performances, but have been dressed up in Cirque du Soleil style with ostentatious costumes and extravagant set designs. Your focus while watching these shows is often on the act on stage -- whether its a high-wire act or two acrobats on a spinning wheel -- and less so about what is happening around them.. . LOVE pulls you in from every angle imaginable, and more than just literally. . . The seating is set up like a Maltese cross, where everyone gets a different view and angle of what's happening on the stage. But you're also surrounded by giant digital screens that display video wallpaper that complements each performance, hanging semi-transparent fabric screens that drop down every so often when projected silhouettes of the Beatles are needed to put an era of Beatlemania into context, and sound effects and live music that emanate from the theatre and your seat's headrest, which creates a fully immersive, panoramic experience.. . What's more, the performances on stage that meld dance and acrobatics to the musical legacy of the Beatles often feature multiple performers on stage at the same time. This creates a somewhat frenetic and disorienting effect at first, as your eyes and brain try to reconcile how all the elements you are seeing fit together, and you wonder where to focus your attention -- like trying to focus on a single popcorn kernel in a large pot, with all of the other kernels popping over each other at the same time. . . But if you allow yourself to let go, and stop thinking, and enjoy the ride, your rewarded with a very magical mystery tour that starts resonating with you emotionally, and this is what really makes this show so memorable.. . LOVE's music, performances, and its aural and visual aesthetics simply move you throughout, from song to song, as its loose story takes you through the sad and sorrowful WWII blitz bombing of England with "Because", some exhilarating high-energy roller skating stunts paired with "Help", the whimsical and mercurial teeter-totter and trapeze act performed to the equally whimsical and mercurial "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", and the ever-so-poignant "Hey Jude" that follows the heart-breaking story told on stage in "A Day in the Life".. . Of all the Cirque shows I have seen, I would see this one again in a heartbeat, to once again experience the feelings of sheer bliss and wonderment it left with me.
First Cirquede Soleil show in LV, I fell in LOVE.  Actually cannot believe I've never seen a show before after experiencing how amazing it is.  . Getting in and out is fairly easy, all the workers are pleasant.  The show does NOT have an intermission so if you've been drinking and need to use the restroom you better plan ahead or else you will have to strategically plan your bathroom break.
Awesome show. A must when in Vegas. Great music and acrobats synced to beatles songs. The seats has speaker for surround sound effect. No photo taking.. Worth the line and the $$.
"All you need is love, love, love is all you need...". . LOVE is unlike any other Cirque show I have seen. The star is the music, not the acrobatics, and you can't help but be captivated. Each song transitions perfectly into the next and each captures a different emotion and truly draws you in closer and closer to the performance.. . There isn't a bad seat in the house, don't worry about where your tickets are, just buy one and enjoy the magical world they create around you. . . There is no better place in Vegas to take a date than to LOVE, because after all, "in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make."
GREAT show!. Even if you don't like the Beatles!
Two things I love - Cirque and the Beatles - have been combined so artfully to form a show that absolutely blew me away.  Cirque fills me with awe andwonderment and, although this show was vastly different from other Cirque's I've seen there was no difference in how amazed I was by it!  . . The theater set-up, a sort of 360 seating arrangement around the stage, confused me when I first saw the layout.  We bought our seats and I wondered, "how could such a layout possibly keep me engaged?"  Well it did, maybe even more so than some of the other Cirque shows.  The action was all around but I couldn't help but feel that it was all "facing" me.  I'm sure anyone around this cleverly laid out "circle" would feel the same.  . . The music was incredible.  How could it not be?  It's the Beatles!  I don't know how you'd feel if you aren't a Beatles fan.  Maybe it would just be an exceptional show with music you aren't familiar with.  You might not identify with the music as powerfully but, if you're like my husband, you might enjoy it immensely nonetheless.   . . Some of the acts aren't your typical Cirque but there's a story line that stays at the forefront of the show and the props and costumes are perfectly chosen for the Beatles' era.. . There's no doubt I will see the show more than once and I'm sure I will notice new and exciting things about it.  I LOVED this show.  And... "all you need is love."
The most extraordinary spectacle you will ever see. Worth every penny.
What a great performance!  I would highly recommend sitting in the lower part of the terrace seating. I saw some people were excited to sit in the lower bowl.  However, they do a lot of aerial stunts as well as the bed sheet scene that the lowerbowl gets covered up and won't be able to see it.  As soon as I heard "Strawberry Fields Forever." that made my vacation even more amazing and took me back to summer camp of my yesteryears.  A lot of the acrobatics amazed me and everything was perfectly choreographed.  If you love the Beatles and Cirque du Soleil, this is a perfect match for you.
I wouldn't call myself a Beatles fan. Yes, I know some of their songs and can sing along to the chorus of a few. But if you were to ask me about the history of the band and the members names I wouldn't be able to help you there. So for a person who isn't a Beatles fan I was pleasantly surprised by this Cirque du Soleil show.. . Love is much more intimate than O and Iris. Although there might not be as many acrobatic tricks the show has its own uniqueness with the special effects that pay tribute to the Beatles. You'll understand what I mean when you find yourself in the dark staring at the glimmering lights above you or when join the cast in floating in the clouds. . . The dancing in the show is spectacular. It was graceful and they utilized the stage very well. If you're not a fan of dance you might not appreciate this show because there is a huge focus on dance and music.. . I really enjoyed Love and I would even see it again. I don't think it would be fair to say it's better or worse than the other Cirque Du Soleil shows on the strip. If you enjoy watching dance, listening to the Beatles, or are just down for a great experience check it out!
This was my second Cirque show to see (live), having seen O the previous night. They are completely different shows, of course. The focus of the show is obviously the Beatles and their music. The acrobatics are more limited (although there are still impressive things going on), and there's more dancing.. . The word that kept popping in my mind while I was watching the performance was "cacophony," although I mean it in a good way. The music is almost non-stop and is blasted at full volume. There's a regular--often constant--activity level. The artists use the whole asterisk-shaped stage--people are coming and going from all points while others are acting something in the center and a few more are swinging through the air. Meanwhile, some sort of stock footage is going by on the giant screens--you know, in case you needed more sensory input. Of course, there are a few songs where they try and give the performers and audience a break and slow it down (like "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" and "Here Comes the Sun"), but a lot of the show is loud and busy, with one song leading into the next.. . The shape of the stage and the way the performers use it make it kind of delightful for the audience, especially if you're at the end of a row like I was, as you can see the performers coming and going (or coming down the steps past your seat, in one case). It's very "in your face" (unlike something like O, where it's all occurring on a distant stage in front of you).. . If you like the Beatles (or are even just OK with them), I highly recommend seeing this. (If you hate the Beatles, STAY AWAY. It will be your own personal hell. :-)) With its energy level, I recommend not going when you're drunk or hungover. It'll be a lot to take in.
I went to the Beatles show LOVE this past weekend and was amazed! I have never been to any cirque show, and I am a (average?) fan of the Beatles, but once I left I wanted to go back the next night again!! It was nice to follow the story line aswell as appreciate the skills of the dancers(and the dancing was almost entertaining enough!) . I had a great time at this show and would highly recommend it to anyone going to Vegas!
My most favorite cirque show ever was in tears.  THANKYOU for suck an amazing event!!
Went last weekend with the whole family and all of us had a great time! You definitely have to like theBeatles music since the primary focus is their music, but with the addition of the Cirque Du Soleil acrobatic stunts it was awesome! I love how the seating is set up, which surrounds the entire stage, so there is no bad seat. It was our first Cirque Du Soleil show and definitely won't be our last!!
Am I a Beatles fan?  I know their major hits but not really.  . Is this show worth watching even if you are not a fan?  Absolutely yes!  . . This show was one of the best I have ever seen for sure.  The music, the costume, dance, special effects and acrobatics were all great!!  Lots of songs to hum along and move your body.  . . We had the balcony seats on the end of 303.  We were able to watch the most but time to time the curtain blocked the view so I would recommend center section. Still for the price we paid and how last minute we bought the tickets, I am happy with what I got.  But if you want a good deal and good seat, I highly recommend to reserve your ticket in advance.  This is a very popular show!. . . P.S.  We had a drunk lady who did not shut up for the entire show....even though it was not the staffs' fault, it would have been nice to see their pro-activeness.  Seriously people were trying to hush her the whole time....The staffs could have taken some action.
I have a huge bias in that I love the beatles! I think even someone who didn't know most of the songs would still really enjoy it. Really well put-together and totally riveting - there is so much going on at once that it was really amazing. Definitely worth the money!
This was my 2nd Cirque Du Soleil,and no comparison, this one was my favorite.  If your in any way a Beatles fan, I would go as far as saying this show is a must see.  Plus, the seats I had for this show were phenomenal.
Whooot! This show is for fans of The Beatles and those who aren't really fans alike. The stage is set up so you can see multiple things at once, and get the full force of the music. . . There is no real story line, just various stories played out with each song coupled with dance acts and high stunts. The costumes are amazing and you instantly love the characters.. . It's a great Cirque show with the flare of The Beatles and one of the best ones!
incredible. dope. outstanding. breathtaking.
My favorite Cirque's show ever. I love the music, the stories, the acrobats, and pretty much everything about the show. It was fun, but also kind of dark which I love. After the show was over, I want to go again. If you loved The Beatles and more serious aspect of Cirque, you should watch this show. It's two thumbs up!
I go to see this every time I go to Vegas, it is by far my favorite Cirque show.
Simply put? Best Cirque show in Vegas.. . Went with my father, who was still in his teens when The Beatles emerged, and my wife, who was decided not yet in existence at that time. So between varying age groups and varying devotion to the Beatles and/or Cirque, all comers were satisfied.. . I can't go into too great a detail because SO MUCH was happening all the time on stage! I fell asleep during the plinky-plonky water-dripping snore fest that is O, but at BL I found myself unable to blink due to the need to take it all in. I could even see myself going again just to see what I missed the first time round.. . There's the barest hint of a story, which will only make sense if you know the personal pasts of both John and Paul, but the real emphasis is on the art, yes art, that is on display.. . Fantastic sound system as well, sounded immediate and close, not just noise-blasting-ly loud.. . BOTTOM LINE: Have some dinner and then go see Beatles Love, for the love of all that is good and holy in the world.
I thought this was a spectacular and entertaining show.
I loved it ! This is a very enjoyable show. Even more so if you like the Beatles music. I brought my son and grandson who are not really Beatles fans, but they also loved this show...having said that they liked" KA " a little better...
Not a declared Beatles fan, and though I'm ashamed to admit it, I didn't realize some of the songs I heard were even done by the Beatles until this show.  Nonetheless, it was so visually entertaining and was done in such a cool venue!  . . Went with some friends who had seen the show before, and they mentioned that this second showing was a whole new experience for some of the show because we were so far up that it gave them a new perspective from their previous seats.  So if you're frugal like me, don't feel bad about going for the cheaper seats -- it didn't hinder my experience at all!
We loved it!!  Took my daughters, 10 and 9, and we all enjoyed it!  Not huge Beatles fans, but appreciate good music and well executed performance.  The girls had been asking to see it as their cousins who were visiting last year went to see it and couldn't stop talking about it! Definitely a family friendly experience!!. . It's a great show - all centered around the Beatles music and we recognized more songs than we thought we would and actually found the performers to be higly entertaining.  We loved the rollerskaters on the ramp and the acrobats above all.  The stage is awesome - it's a 360 degree circular stage and all seats are good!  We sat in the mid-level 200 section and I'd do again!  I like sitting a little higher and further back in the Cirque shows to appreciate the "things" that come in from all sides!!. . Cool show, worth the money . . . . we aren't big fans, but it is a fun show!!  Not the normal unusual, mystical Cirque show, but one of my favorites!! LOVED IT!!
LOVED IT!!!! got awesome discounted tickets through travelzoo! Loved our seats. I think the higher your seat is the better you appreciate the show. LOVED the audio.
I love the beatles, but I really don't care for shows.  I'm glad I ended up going because it was amazing. I don't want to give too much away, so just go!
This show was AMAZING. I absolutely love the Beatles (the songs were amazing), but even if you don't (we can talk about this later) you'll still be able to appreciate the skill of the performers, the thought put into the choreography, and the amount of imagination and whimsy. Yes, I said it - WHIMSY. I could not have been more impressed with this show and, believe me, I'm quite the critic (ask my boyfriend lol). In fact, I'm afraid to see any other show in Vegas because I feel like nothing will live up to it! FYI, it did seem like every seat in the house had a good view - my seats were in a section farther back and I thought they were great (perhaps even better because I didnt have to look up the entire time to see the stunts), so no need to splurge on front row seats! In sum, if you gave this show anything less than 5 stars, you are an idiot - good day, sir.
For my 300th reviewsince I joined Yelp almost a year ago, I have to do it on something special and I absolutely like.  So, here it is!. . I enjoy watching shows in any big city I go to.  It's great that I live in the Entertainment Capital of the World so, I get to watch shows whenever I please.  I've seen Ka, O, Zumanity, Michael Jackson, Elvis and other Cirque du Soleil shows but this one is my favorite!  The Beatles was waaaay before my time and I remember my mom kinda sorta liked them.  I know some of their songs, who doesn't?. . One word to describe this show is DYNAMIC.  There are performers coming from the ceiling, the back, front, sides and middle.  It's lively, multi-dimensional, vibrant, exciting and colorful.  I was definitely entertained.  The music was of course, by The Beatles.  I became a fan after the show and I also wanted to do join Cirque du Soleil as if I had the talent to be one of the performers.  That's the beauty of the show, I think.  It engages the audience to the point where I was telling myself, "I want to do that!". . If there's a CDS show I could watch over and over, it would be LOVE!  "Get back!  Get back! Get back to where you once belonged".
I'm a very Beatle-neutral person, who generally enjoys Cirque de Soleil productions (having seen 3-4 shows), and LV show experiences in general....and I LOVED "LOVE".  It's a very well-assembled show, with an incredible flow of the type of artistry and athletic exhibition you expect from Cirque shows, assembled around thematics from the Beatles music, and their 'prime' eras of London/England in the 60s and 70s.  I'm sure there are more long-winded reviews that can go in-depth about the details of the show, but I'd rather simply advise you that if you are considering LOVE or another show for your special short trip to LV- you aren't making a bad decision by choosing LOVE.  It will give you a bit more music and dancing and a bit less 'abstract circus action' than Mystere or O, but it is well-balanced and there is a lot of very talented athleticism to watch! You will surely leave with a smile on your face after the show!
This is a great show!  The performers were amazingly talented, and it was very well choreographed.  If you are a huge Beatles fan, there are lots of subtle references to people and places.  I agree with previous reviewer to not purchase orchestra seats.  There are lots of aerial acts that are best seen from the balcony, and one act in particular I don't think you would be able to see at all from the orchestra.  All in all, well worth the money for an amazing show.
I've never seen a show that mastered aesthetics, artistry, and entertainment in what seems to be an effortless performance. The cast of LOVE were all amazing. The visuals, whether involving the set pieces or the placement of performances, were flawless.. . Our seats were situated near the stage and as a result, the experience was overwhelming. With every sense engaged (taste because I was nom-ing on popcorn the entire time), I was filled constantly with excitement and awe. . . You hear tales of the Cirque du Soleil wonders. I'd like to announce that the rumors are indeed true. Cirque du Soleil and in particular, The Beatles LOVE show is perfect.. . You say yes, I say no, you say stop and I say go go go... to the Beatles show.
What can I not say about LOVE. First it's the Beatles. So awesome right off the bad. When you start with one of the greatest rock bands in the history of music you have nothing but high end expectations, and they don't disappoint. Next you add Cirque to the mix. The combination of  50% Beatles and 50% Cirque is 100% awesome. One the most visually stunning shows I have ever seen. This show will not just stimulate the eyes. It will give the ears a good taste of LOVing as well. If I had to choose a show on the strip regardless of cost to see again and again and again it would be LOVE.
Awesome show! Could have used a few more stunts, but none-the-less, the music and choreography were great! SEE THIS ONE!! Definitely a top show to see in Vegas. Great Visuals, cast, and just pure entertainment!
I loved it! I loved it! I loved it!Just watched it last night, and I just can't get it off of my mind. My husband and I sat on the third row, and it was so much worth it. So heart throwbing and capturing that it made me tear up by it's performance. Although, my husband wasn't a Beatles fan, he defined it an adrenaling experience of music and art. Seriously, I highly recommend this to everyone to watch it.
AMAZING! There's no other words to describe better this show.. And if you are a Beatles fan this will be an epic experience! . . We were located in section 106 row D (4th row) and it was great. We were just at the right height over the stage so we could perfectly see everything, even the artists and performers interacted a bit with us during the show. . The guys in the front row were always looking upwards and when not I'm pretty sure all they could see were the artist's feet :\ . . The duration of the show is 1:30hr and it has no breaks, so be prepared for being seated all this time and also for trying not to blink because you won't want to miss any detail! ;). . P.S. We bought our tickets from Mirage's website and got a huge discount! Check it out!. http://www.mirage.com/entertainment/special-offer-love.aspx
Excellent! Incredible! Fantastic! The cast are truly one talented group of performers. Unlike the previous poster, I didn't think the show was "long and odd". It's ninety minutes and I thought the time flew by. There are the typical flying performers as well as some trampoline acrobatics and even some rollerblading that is unbelievable. There are built-in speakers in the headrest of each seat. And needless to say, the music is flawless!
Great show! We sat in the front of the middle section as I read those were the best seats.  honestly though, no seat is a bad seat because the theater is so small and intimate anyways. But if I were to watch this show again, I can honestly say there was so much going on that I wish I had sat in the cheapest seats up top! There's constantly something to look at to the left, right, up top, everywhere! You can't really take everything in unless you're sitting higher up. . . I'm not much of a beetles fan and still enjoyed the show. My husband however loves the beetles and really enjoyed the show because he understood what was going on during the time the songs came out and what they were about.
This was my first Cirque show, and I'm glad it was! My friend saw the show before and he treated me to tickets to see it for my birthday. Since he has seen it before, he knew strategically where the place place was to sit (which was a little bit higher on the balcony). . . The stage here was HUGE; it was circular, so there wasn't a bad seat in the house. The acrobatics were great, the props used were amazing and innovative. The music was awesome (duh, Beatles). I believe I kept repeating, "WHAT?!" throughout the whole show. Mostly because of crazy amazing things happening, and partly because of the chaos trippy-ness that was going on around me. . . I can guarantee you can see this show multiple times and see something different every time. . . Amazing! Great job, CDS!
This was an amazing show, for my first Cirque du Soleil show, anyways. Good Beatles music and fantastic audio quality! They said 3 speakers per seat! . I'm astonished at how they stored all of that stuff in such a seemingly small area...
I. Loved. This. Show. The tickets are quite pricey, but you will get your money's worth out of it. Cirque Du Soleil really proves that circuses can be entertaining without animals.. . The sound is loud, but AMAZING. The theater is circular and has stadium seating, so you will get a good seat no matter where you are seated. Each seat has 3 speakers: one on the back of the seat in front of you and two on either side of the headrest. If only more movie theaters did that.... . In general, I enjoyed the show. The costumes, acrobatics, dancing, music, EVERYTHING was great.
Fantastic!  Loved every single second of this show.  Whoever is behind the making of this show is a creative genius.  I liked this show so much better than Ka at the MGM.  A must see while in Vegas!
Simply amazing. Worth the cost. Soundtrack was incredible and performance was unreal.
There aren't many times in your life when you can see something as magical as this and feel like you've crossed into some sort of dimension where this was all done just for you. After I saw this show I felt like Jodie Foster at the end of Contact- "...should've ...sent...a poet." It was indescribably fun. And with mixed drinks that were tailored to the show (I had a 'Here Comes The Sun'), there was no way you weren't going to walk away without a smile. I'm not going to tell you anything about it. Just go.
worth every penny.   perfectly brilliant. going again soon.
This really was the best show I have ever seen! It has a huge WOW factor. You will be totally immersed is sound and visual stimulation. We had front row seats and they were amazing. I loved how the performers interacted with the audience. I can't wait to go again!!
All I can say was this blew my mind. After a lack of fulfilling Vegas shows this was out of this world. Very courteous ticket staff and the show.....definitely the most creative Vegas experience I've had yet. Perfect for all ages an the music is always sweetness to my ears.
Best show EVER! Cirque entertains to Beatles tunes. Couldn't stop singing
loved it! need i say more?
I LOVED "Love."  I'm not a huge Beatles fan by any means, but I still got into the spectacle and pageantry that is this Cirque du Soleil show at the Mirage.  People and props fly onto and off of the stage in a dizzying, frenetic whirl of energy and excitement.. . The show focuses on the music.  It's less of a circus and more of a performance art piece.  You may not see as many circus acts as you might expect, but the choreography and theatrics make up for it.. . Also, the drinks they sell in the lobby are pretty strong and reasonably priced.  We got a large Hard Day's Night, and it was well worth it.
I love CDS shows, and LOVE was no exception, my husband the musician of the house, really enjoyed the imagery that accompanied the awesome new arrangements and the beautiful treatments they gave to The Beatles music!. Very much recommend it!
This show is amazing!!! Wow, Cirque really did this one right! This has to be my favorite Cirque show in Vegas.. . It doesn't matter is you are a Beatles fan or not....you will have a good time at this one!   LOVE has a ton of energy.   Music (and I am really a Beatles fan) and audio is loud in a good way.  All the seats have their own speakers in the headrests.  . . Because of the layout of the theater, you will not always be looking just straight ahead.  Things happen all around you and over your head.  Sit higher up in the sections to get a better view of everything.. . May be a bit loud for the little ones and it does get really dark at points.
I LOVED this show! I went on my birthday and I had purchased my tickets in advance at the lowest price. My luck struck and when we were waiting for the show to start we were offered closer seats (2nd row!!!) couldn't get any better! Check out the show you will not be disappointed!
Before seeing Beatles Love, I knew that it would be great...It surpassed every expectation, it was awesome. I literally got goose bumps, multiple times. Enough said.
Amazing!!! Well done Cirque Du Soleil, what an enjoyable show, just a great great time with amazing Iconic music that pays off in Aces!!!.  They really did the Beatles justice in my opinion, we went with my wife and her mother who is from Brazil and we all enjoyed the show immensely!!!. I would have to say that I would see it again!
WONDERFUL SHOW!!!!!! Just amazing! GO SEE IT!! We needed accessible seating and the nice lady let us in early and we got to pick out seats! Ticket price was great. Sign up for the M rewards card(its free) BEFORE you buy tickets...it will give you huge discount. The show itself was amazing! Perfectly done. If you are in front row a guy comes around with the dry ice smoke in a can and takes it around by the people and puts the smoke on your hair its quite funny. However we have these two old fart grump a**'s next to use who were being real jerks to the guy with the dry ice. They have a huge sheet type thing that goes over the people int he audience's pretty cool...unless your claustrophobic. They also take pictures of you and your family before the show and at the end you cam look at them and buy them in the cool frame. If your pictures came out good then buy it, it is great keep sake. Beware a water is like $10 so better to eat before you go to the show.
Well done show.  Tight performance by group and the music was wonderful.  Very well 'imagined' interpretation of the music with the acrobatics.  Good us of video with show.  Only issue I had with the show was that it ended, could have enjoyed another hour easily!
This may just be my favorite Cirque do Soleil show.  I've gotten a little tired of them in general, but I was completely impressed by this visually beautiful presentation with great music.  I like the Beatles, but I don't know that I would call myself a huge fan, but the show really did justice to the music. . . I think what I liked was that it was much more like a play than like a circus of acrobats... and, they have some really unique things that I'v never seen in other shows.. . It is definitely worth seeing.  I refuse to give away the spoilers because much of the excitement comes from being surprised and amazed, but go if you can.  Its truly original.
Beetles Love... We had a bit of a wait to get the tickets at will call but it was a smooth experience and we were able to actually pick up all of our show tickets at the same time (we were seeing Zumanity a couple days later). The show itself was pretty good. This is one I had been waiting to see. Seats were great and really no complaints at all.
I absolutely enjoyed this show more than any Cirque du Soleil i've experienced over the years.. . If you are a Beatles fan it is required to experience this show to call yourself a "fan." You don't need to have a personal list of obscure favorites tracks to enjoy the music and show's unity - which was done brilliantly for anyone to enjoy. . . Inside the over the top performance adds a story of love and social change throughout England and America during the rise of the Beatles. Show time is roughly 2 hours and is worth every second of your time you spend here.. . Beverage prices run between $8-15.00 for some of the larger mixed cocktails. On tap is several "imported" ales such as Heineken and New Castle brown ale. Food is offered but is mainly snacks such as pretzels and popcorn and carries a similar pricing to the drinks. . . Outside in the lobby authentic pieces from the Beatles are on display among hundreds of different souvenirs to remember your visit.    . . MLife cards will get you a 30% which is better than Tix 4 Tonight (at least during my visit). I highly recommend sitting in the 2nd tiered seats, as the closest rows are slightly overwhelming and make it more difficult to view the show in its full entirety.  . . 5 Stars.
I have been to this show several times and it is by far the best show I have ever been to.  If you are looking for something special to do while in Vegas this show should be on your list.  I am also a huge Beatles fanso...
Fan-freaking-tactic. We had a big group out in Vegas for our wedding and we chose to see Love because we love Beatles music and were staying in the Mirage. It was phenomenal. Each song had a story told by the performers. They are so unbelievably talented. The two hours flew by. You can bring drinks in as long as they are in plastic cups (we got slushy drinks from a little place close to the entrance). . My husband made the comment "this is an ADD person's dream come true!" because there is so much going on at once!!! It wasn't overwhelming, though. I would see it again in a heart beat. Two thumbs way up.
Got this Free from MyVegas, I'm surprise that I end liking it since i hated all the other shows. I've seen KA, O, Zumanity and Zarkana,  and this one entertain me the most..
LOVE'd it!!!! First cirque show I've seen, totally worth the time and effort to get to Vegas.  Would see it again if it was playing somewhere else (not a fan of Vegas) excellent song choices, loved the interview clips and silhouettes of the Fab Four, great seats (row M) didn't appear to be a bad seat in the theater, very intimate and well. Planned seating chart
AMAZING!!. . I highly recommend LOVE.  I was so moved by this show it literally brought me to tears.  Can't wait to see it again next time im in Vegas.  Spend the extra money ... Get good seats.
Even if you're just a casual fan of the beatles you'll love this show. I personally am a big fan and I enjoyed the shit out of this show. I went with 2 friends who were less versed with beatles music than I am, but even they loved it and said they'd see it again.
Amazing!!!. My man and I have been wanting to see this show for years and one day after work, he surprised me with front row tickets. I literally cried about the first 6 songs. It was magical. I've been a fan of the beatles and the power of their music for my entire life, since the diaper days. . Just the reality in music back then is so much more moving especially when all you hear on the radio is about drinking,sex,strippers,drugs. . Unfortunately I easy born in the era, but the music is enticing. . . This show was the closest thing to what I had imagined in my dreams. Just the insane acts, the dancing, just everything was powerful. . . . I was a complete baby and cried and still get chills thinking about it. . . I have seen cirque du soliel ka for Mother's Day but this blew it out of the water. . Next to see is "O" hopefully that makes the top of the list. . . . Go get your butts to this show!!!
A FRIKKEN AMAZING!!!!!!!!!. My boyfriend and I went to see it, finally.  I am so glad we did because this was the best show I have ever seen and I have seen quite a few in Las Vegas.  If anyone thinks of going, don't think just go and I promise you won't regret it. THERE ARE NO BAD SEATS IN THE THEATER.  I did not pay for the best seats and glad I did not because the way they built this theater was great.  I can't express how great this show was. Literally I was in tears from amazment and happiness.  AGAIN, GO SEE IT!!!!
I am a Cirque du Soleil enthusiast and have seen most of their shows. This one was unbelievable, one of their best!!! Yes it plays Beatles music and the dancing/acts are put in context with their songs, but it is so much more than a Beatles show. The lighting, sound, aerial acts, stage movements, clever use of draping, cool minimalist sets - everything is exquisite and very well executed! It was so good that we wanted to catch the second show of the night right after we watched the first one :D Go see it!
This was our third time seeing LOVE and our complimentary seats in section 209 provided us with an excellent view.  Cirque du Soleil's creativity and the acrobatic agility of the performers set to the music of the Beatles made for an entertaining experience.
LOVE is my first Cirque de Soleil experience so I have nothing else to compare it to but this show was one of the most amazing things I have ever seen! My husband & I went last month & we were both blown away. We decided to purchase some of the more expensive tickets but all the seats are awesome. The show takes up so much space & the auditorium isn't big enough to have a bad seat. I am a hue Beatles fan which is what motivated me to choose this show over other Cirque de Soileil acts &  was so impressed. I think my love for the Beatles just made me appreciate it that much more! I would highly recommend this to anyone who is a fan of the Beatles or Cirque de Soileil or both. You will be gripped from the start! Good for the Mirage, because they have something spectacular with this one! It was so much fun & worth every penny.
This show was amazing!!!! The music the performers everything it was an all around great experience for young and old.  . I brought my husband because he wanted to watch a cirque show and I was leaning towards the mj one but decided to go with this one and I am so glad I did.  . There is not a bad seat in the house.  We sat in the second row from the stage and I wish we were sitting further back just so we could see all around the stage.  . I cant wait to go back and bring my 10 year old daughter to see this she would love it.
I loved the show!
I spent 2 hours in pure amazement.  A great story line with awesome music! I enjoyed that they didnt just play their most popular songs.
A must if you're in Vegas and a Beatles fan! This was one of the best shows we've seen and it was one of the best things we did while in Vegas. Not a bad seat in the house, excellent music and the dancers were amazing. Got our tickets discounted via travelzoo.com promotion.
If you love the beatles, you will love this show. End of story. It's not the same as other cirque shows, but it couldn't be. The more you know about the beatles, the more you will enjoy this show. I'm not going into detail, as I don't want to give things away. There are a lot of cirque elements, you just have to look for thrm. There are things happening everywhere and I suggest sitting farther from the stage to catch it all. The people up close seemed to be missing a lot, and they paid far more than I did to see this show. . . So, all in all, sit midway to the back to enjoy the ENTIRE show!
This was the most spectacular show I have ever seen. Simply mind blowing. I have never been to any of the other Cirque shows but I can't imagine anything surpassing Love. We sat in the far back E section  and had no trouble at all seeing. There is not a bad seat in the house. I would see this show again and again.
I have seen the Cirque du Soleil Beatles LOVE twice in the past couple of years. I love the music, the imagery and the acrobatics. The rest is somewhat confusing.. . However, the Beatles show needs to be refreshed to keep up with the competition, namely Michael Jackson's One down the street. The hot new Cirque du Soleil show .
I love LOVE.  If you're a Beatles fan, you will adore this show.  Not as Cirque as some of the other shows, but good dancing, acrobatics, and coordination.  And the music is an interesting mix.  The theater is small so even cheap seats (which we had, in the back back back row) were great.  Go, spend what you can for seating, relax, and enjoy the show.. . Also, check for tickets on your m-life account for discounts and/or stop by the tix4tonight booth as they had some when I was in town.
All you need is LOVE, LOVE is all you need...I LOVED LOVE. LOVE Cirque Du Soleil and The Beatles. 'Nuff said?
Our show had a 15 minute delay in the middle due to technical issues and it was still one of the best shows I have ever seen. It does help to be more than a casual fan of the Beatles but even a passing fan will enjoy the spectical.
the beatles love by cirque du soleil was an amazing, outstanding, mesmerizing, and incredibly beautiful show. i loved it. read no further, just go see this show.
There is nothing not to like about this show.  I am by no means a Beatles die hard and I loved everything about the show.  The music and acoustics were amazing.  The aerials and stage were mystifying.  I read that they spent over $100 million building the stage and it shows.  It's truly amazing!  I know it's slightly different that other Cirque shows, but you will not be disappointed!. . Just a note, but we got our tickets on Travelzoo for half off.  $65 a ticket was a lot easier to stomach than the full price.
