Two words FRIED PICKLES!! I've had hooters fried pickles but these fried pickles were AMAZING!! I loved loved them!! My friend got the BLT burger and she said it was a pretty tasty burger!! Next time I come to vegas...I most def wanna come here to get some fried pickles!!
Great find ! . yes its a bit pricey but its Vegas... and it was worth every penny. . Everything is served ala carte. . I came back two days in a row to have their Lamb Tandoori burger. Amazingly juicy, full of flavor served with mint-cilantro yogurt sauce. My friend had salmon burger and the fish was perfectly cooked and topped with zesty tartar sauce. . The restaurant has a modern diner feel to it, i say even trendy. Always very busy, the drinks are good. I believe they open pretty late cause i went there at midnight the first time.
Tandoori lamb burger was awesome! I had a short amount of time and asked if I could get served in and put in 30 min..... No problem! The tandoori lamb burger was the best burger I have ever had! Unique fresh taste and recommend cooked medium.
Best burger I have eaten period.  I had the BLT Burger cooked mid rare and added bacon and a fried egg.  We couldn't resist adding dessert.  I had the Krispy Kreme bread budding and my wife ordered the fried Oreos.  What a glutenous delight.  We stopped by the next afternoon and ordered a couple of shakes to go.  I had the Twinkie boy and boy as it good.  I definitely would loosen my belt for another meal at the BLT Burger.
I have been to BLT burger multiple times and every time it is amazing! the burgers are great and served anyway you want them i am a med rare man and the last few times i have been there it has been 100% on! the staff is friendly and able to seat you super quick. the quotes on the backs of their shirts are not only funny but keep you entertained when you waiting on your meal to come. and the shakes are the best around having the choice between spiked and not spiked shakes is nice treat. (try the Twinkie shake) the kitchen is open so you see the cooks and the grill so you know your food is cooked in a clean environment. all in all the experience is nice and they are open LATE like a great Vegas strip eatery should be!!!! thank you BLT and see you next time i am in Vegas
Seriously one of the best burgers I've ever had... and it was LAMB! Their lamb tandoori burger is simply incredible! The service was great, the ambiance was great and the food was great! . . She had the falafel burger and we shared a fries... she "loved" her food too. Well, they forgot the cheese on her burger, but the food made up for it.
Great veggie falafel burger and good service. Highly recommend for lunch or casual dinner for vegans and carnivores alike!
Awesome spiked milkshakes, great burgers, great staff.... Vegas in April this was an awesome lunch.
I thought this place was awesome. I'd go there even if I wasn't staying at the Mirage. One of the best burgers I've had in a long time and the food is cheap and you can't seem to go wrong with anything on the menu. They have a decent drink selection and it's a convenient location right by the entrance in the Mirage. Highly recommended for something casual, stomach filling ,and fast.
The burger was delicious and the veggie options were good too.. The waiter didn't miss a beat.
I always look forward to going to Vegas and having some delicious blt burger. The atmosphere is great and the food is delicious. My favorite thing to order is the tex mex burger with fat fries and a milk shake. They do tend to get busy and so you might have to wait a while to be seated and get your food. But overall this is my favorite place to go when I am in Vegas.
This place is downright delicious - one of the best in Vegas! I don't understand anything below a four. I'm still bumming out that I didn't try a spiked milkshake, but that one's on me. Expect a long line, it's an upscale burger joint in the Mirage. The line during dinner hours is about 45 mins - 1 hour. . . There is friendly service here and our drinks were brought quickly after we were seated. I went with the salmon burger, probably the best I've ever had. Fish burgers can dry out quickly, but his one was cooked to perfection. The toppings were also great. The red meat eaters in the group were also very please, and we also had a great order of fries. Yum!. . This place rocks! Gotta go back for that spiked milkshakes.
The most amazing campfire milkshake ever!  I would stay in this hotel just to be close to this restaurant.  In fact I think I will move to Vegas just for this shake.  Viva Las Vegas baby!!!!
The milkshakes are the BEST I've ever had! They are a meal by themselves! The burgers and fries are delicious too!. . I HIGHLY recommend that everyone stop by this place and have a burger/fries and a HUGE shake! I will stop there on ever Vegas trip!!
One of the beat burgers I've ever had. Milkshake was, without a doubt, the best.
Stumbled in here late Sat night for the sliders with the guys and even in my drunkenness the taste of the Kobe goodness shined through. Glad to be back BLT Burger!
AWESOME burgers. I got the BLT Burger with blue cheese and it was fantastic. Onion rings and jalapeno poppers were also really really good. One of the better burgers I've eaten.
My wife and I wanted to have a late lunch after getting into LAS, somewhere with good food and a nice atmosphere. We originally went to BB Kings as the menu looked pretty good, but atmosphere and service were lame. Sooooo we made our way through Mirage to BLT and were pleasantly surprised. Atmosphere was pretty cool, open kitchen, open front looking out to casino. We ordered a few appetizers and they were all awesome! The brisket BBQ nachos were excellent as well as the grilled hot wings. The beer selection was extensive, I had a couple Stone IPA's. Food quality and service were top notch, definitely a good spot for a quick bite.
I don't ever eat burgers,went at  friends request. After trying the BLT Burger all I keep thinking is..... I'm really looking forward to my return. I can't wait to bite into another BLT Burger. . ( it didn't even taste like a burger) . And the Beef Nachos were incredibly tasty!!!!. Tried the fried pickles b/c of a review I read on yelp. I think the gal might have enjoyed them so much b/c she may have been pregnant. hmmm....
This place was a bit of a surprise for me. I couldn't help but think "ANOTHER burger bar in Vegas." . . First off, they've got a great beer, mixed drink and 'adult' shake selection. I'm a beer guy and I don't think there's much to do to improve it. Boy, I was wrong again. I had a Blue Moon float with orange ice cream. Anyone who likes wheat beer, knows that it goes great with an orange wedge in it. Combining the beer with an orange ice cream was brilliant.. . The fries are awesome here. They have skinny or fat fries. The fat fries are like the KFC potato wedges of old. (Not sure if KFC still serves them, because I haven't been in one, in a solid decade.) Crispy and delicious. A little thinner than KFC. They also offer you multiple dipping sauces, at no extra charge. I love condiments.. . Burgers, of course, are also very good. While they are not cooked the way I would 100% prefer (char broiled or BBQ grilled) they are still quite good. I ordered mine medium rare and it was done perfect. I had both the BLT and the blue cheese burger, on two separate days. Both were excellent. . . One day, we were in a big hurry and they went out of their way to get us in and out. I appreciate that. Service was friendly and helpful, both days. The music was a little loud, but I'm not a huge fan of the music they were playing (mostly classic rock, yuck.) But it did make it a little hard for conversation in a restaurant. I could understand that, in a bar. Prices were reasonable, although the burgers do NOT include fries. Typical Vegas pricing, to say the least. Anyway, I highly recommend this place and plan to return.
This review is solely on my experience with their milkshake =). .  I'm going to just get straight to the point! Milkshake! Milkshake! Milkshake! My god its good! Probably THE BEST milkshake I had so far. I really wish we tried this sooner, I would of got one milkshake per day that I was in Vegas. . . I tried their Strawberry Berry and Mocha Coffee with Oreo and the Mocha one is OUT OF THIS WORLD.  The flavors in both the shakes are just so outbursting. All I can say is that I wish I can have one shipped to me once a day. I would be ONE happy camper!
Fantastic experience!  Don't miss the spiked milkshakes.  Our burgers were tasty and our waitress was a hoot.  Great casual dining experience.
Went here for dinner before the Beatles Love show at the Mirage.  We read the reviews and were expecting great things and we were not disappointed.  The burgers were deliciious!  I had the combo with the classic burger (added cheese and bacon).  The burger was cooked exactly as I ordered it (well done) and tasted amazing.  The bacon had this wonderful smoky flavor to it that was to die for.  The waffle fries were out of this world.  I had a black and white milk shake that was the absolute best milk shake I have had at a restaurant ever.  Too much whipped cream on top but other than that, SO good!  The only negative thing I can say is it's crazy pricy but we definitely weren't disappointed in the quality of food.  Some of the waiters were wearing shirts that said "If we are what we eat then I'm fast, cheap, and easy."  That cracked me up!
"Heaven, I'm in heaven. And my heart beats So that I can hardly speak...". . That's how I feel about BLT burger, and that is the song that should be playing 24 hours a day.. . Shakes - there are very few places where you can get a good shake. There are even fewer places that make a good shake with a splash of goodness that makes you smile a bit more than you did when you got off the plane to start your Vegas excursion. Well, BLT has good shakes, had good adult shakes, and will leave a smile on your face for the rest of the day.. . Burgers - the burgers are delicious! Savory, beefy, cheesy, and all things yummy. I can't say anything more about the burgers except that they were very good. You really just need to bite down on one yourself.. . Fries - I say go with the waffle fries.  The skinny fries are just okay. But the waffle fries are very crispy! And a great shape for a potato!!. . Oh man, I am craving a milkshake and burger as I sit in my DC office. I am also craving another adventure to Vegas!
Holy crap this place has the best burgers on the planet! I recommend the cowboy burger. I ordered it well done and it was still super juicy and delicious. Best $13 that I spent in Vegas!
My husband and I enjoyed BLT Burger on our last visit, and we were just as happy with it this time!  We both got the Classic with different toppings - I got Cheddar, he got American and avocado.  I ordered mine medium-well, and it was basically well, but it was still very flavorful and not at all dry.  We ordered a strawberry milkshake, which was good.  We shared an order of sweet potato fries, which were great.  I ordered a drink with strawberries, orange juice, and gin (not sure why, as I am not normally a gin drinker), but it was very good.  . . One minor complaint- I asked for no tomato on my burger, and they had obviously put a tomato on top of the onion and then removed it prior to bringing it to the table.  It didn't really bother me, but if you have allergies, you may want to be careful with special requests. . . I think this was the least expensive dinner we had while in Vegas, but we loved it!
I eat a lot of burgers. I make a lot of burgers. I buy a lot of burgers. I am really finicky about my burgers.. . This place kicks ass. It is so, so, so, good. Anyone who says this place isn't good doesn't know anything about a quality cheeseburger.. . Everything is there in the perfect amount. Excellent sesame seed bun, fresh loosely packed beef. I had the one with bleu cheese and it was outstanding. . . I didn't have a shake unfortunately but they looked pretty kick ass and I'm sure they are.. . I really have nothing else to say. This is very likely the best burger I have ever had at any restaurant anywhere. GO EVERY DAY. I'M SERIOUS.
Our go-to place in Vegas.  Great beer on tap, exceptional burgers, and fantastic fries.  Reasonable prices.
This is a must stop when in Vegas.  The Kobe burgers are extremely flavorful and their wedge fries go hand-&-hand with them.  Their shakes are also very good (but filling).  This is a before and after hangover spot, the food will get you filled up and ready to party, and will get you back on your feet the next day after partying the night away!  Good eats peeps!!!
Being from England, i had done some research on where to eat and Rob from the Burger Anarchy blog recommended a few eats to try, one of which was BLT Burger and whilst visiting the Mirage Casino, we stumbled upon it, and it was around feeding time, so we decided to give it a bash.. We all opted for starters as we had the munchies from a couple of hours of beer drinking, I opted for the 8 piece buffalo wings, packed a nice spicy punch and the chicken was cooked nicely with the skin nice and golden but before we finished those our mains turned up, I know it's a busy place but i hate being rushed through my meal, and i'm a fast eater anyway so it was quick. For the main I went for 'Shaft's Blue which is a 7oz. Grilled CAB, Shaft's blue vein cheese, balsamic caramelized onion and mushrooms and sweeet jesus was it lovely, i asked for the burger to be cooked medium/rare and they didn't disappoint, the combo of all the ingredients worked well, also would like to mention the Lamb Tandoori burger, my friend said it was a winner, and it must of been, he wouldn't let me try it.. All in all a really good burger, and now ranks 3rd in my Top 5, so it's well worth a visit, but do expect to be rushed through, it's pretty busy.
Best burger place in Vegas!!. . Got here about 20 minutes before they were about to close. Missy was wonderful. She didn't try to rush us with deciding nor rush us out of the place either. . . We ordered the 15 piece Chicken wings, and the Turkey burger with Swiss cheese. Each were extremely tasty.. . About 5 additional groups of people entered into the restaurant after us and Missy did not get overwhelmed, never squirmed, nor budged on her impeccable service.. . Kudos to the cooks and management.
Excellent food, fun atmosphere, reasonable prices - we'll be back.   Husband and I wanted a light dinner at 6pm on a Friday night.  Surprised there was no line but very glad about it :)  Hubby ordered a Double Barrel Float to start with (Jack Daniels, Root Beer, Vanilla Ice Cream.  We split the Cowboy Burger and Fat Fries as our meal.  I was really wanting to try the Double Dip (Cinnamon-Cardamom Sugar & Orange Blossom Glaze Doughnuts) for dessert but was just too full.  Fresh ingredients and everything cooked to order.  We'll definitely be back!
Went in for a late night snack. Had the strawberry milkshake and BBQ pork nachos. WOW. definitely the best of each Ive ever had. The milkshake was so smooth and frothy. Delicious. And the pork in the nachos was juicy and tender. Would definitely order this again.. Service was quick, not very personal but hey, it was 12pm and we had a small quick order. Prices reasonable too for a hotel restaurant.
While traveling all over we seek out exceptional burger places this establishment is now in our top two! Goodness the place just didn't stop delivering exceptional quality! From the moment we entered our waitress, Stephanie, was incredible-funny, patient, kind, generous with information and stories, efficient, etc. Then there's the food. Are you kidding me?!?!?  The menu was aolmost over the top with possibilities! My husband decided to try the classic for a "true result of a quality burger". I had the Shaft's Blue Burger which has Shaft's blue cheese, mushrooms and caramelized onions. The blue cheese was just perfect-not too much or too little but gave a perfect punch! The true subject matter however is the quality of the burger--cooked to PERFECTION, juicy, flavorful, absolute quality! I also got the waffle fries which were again cooked perfectly-crisp and tender, seasoned just right-yum!  This won't be our last visit to BLT Burgers and was a great way to enjoy our stay at the Mirage!. . Other Menu Items: Kobe Slider Trio, BBQ Nachos, Waffle Bites (topped with cheddar, sourt cream, bacon and pickled jalapenos), 5-Spice Chinese Chicken Salad, BLT Burger (7 oz burger with double smoked bacon), American Kobe burger, Lamb Tandoori burger, Turkey Burger, Buffalo Chicken burger, Veggie Falafel Burger, Salmon burger and a BBQ Brisket plus about 15 milkshakes!!! (this is only a PARTIAL list of the ordering options)
Best burger in Vegas!  Get the Kobe (I think they changed the name, but it's Kobe beef).  The wait staff are like most in Vegas - inattentive with too many customers - but don't let that steer you away.  Awesome burger.  Too good for cheese or catchup; keep it simple.
The original in NYC is legit and so is this outpost. . . Since you definitely need a reason to visit the Mirage, this is it! . . All the burgers are good, and the BBQ Nachos appetizer are an interesting take on the classic. . . Reasonable prices for Vegas too, check it out.
Went here the last time we were in Vegas and it was great so we decided to try it out again.  So we went last night and the food was AMAZING!  Did not disapoint.  I had the mother fluffier shake (toasted marshmallow) and my husband had the spiked root beer!  So good!  The burgers are outstanding.  I did the turkey burger and added Swiss and mushrooms.  Sooo good!  It's at The Mirage.
BLT Burger is such a great restaurant, my boyfriend and I ate there twice in our five-day vacation in Vegas!  It is located in the Mirage, and I am sure we will be back!. . I was glad our server recommended the Patty Melt Burger from their daily special menu... it wasa burger beef patty with apple wood smoked bacon, swiss cheese melted perfectly, their BLT sauce, all between two pieces of thick cut rye bread.  And I just love a burger place that asks me how I would like my burger, to which I responded medium, and that is exactly what the server recommended.. . It was a perfect, melty, juicy burger.  I am confident everything on their menu has to be fantastic.  My boyfriend had the original burger, and enjoyed his.  We shared a hard milkshake which was AMAZING. It was called the "Night Rider," chocolate milkshake with oreo cookie crumbles and kaluha.  The shake alone was so amazing that I came back the next day and ordered one to-go from their convenient to-go counter.  Although I think you get more of the shake if you dine-in, I thoroughly appreciated the portability.. . The other occasion we came to BLTs, I ordered a Wagyu beef burger... it was like eating a steak it was so good.  I ordered it with cheddar cheese and it was wonderful.  . . They also offer deep fried oreos on the menu... didn't get a chance to try them! I also like the clever saying on the waiters'/waitresses' shirts that said "Tip Waiters not Cows."  Great service and awesome food.
My wife and I have come here on a couple of occasions when we were out in Vegas and it has always been good. . . The most recent visit we ordered the lamb tandori burger, if you like lamb do yourself a favor and try this burger, the sauce is great and the burger was cooked great. We also had the seasonal pumpkin pie milkshake, that was fantastic as well.
Three words....deep fried pickles. I just came in for a late night snack, and this was amazing. You can't possibly imagine what this tastes like, but it's pretty freaking awesome. It's also a very cool upbeat diner, with authentic diner food and FAT desserts. Just imagine vanilla ice cream drenched in buttery syrup with chocolate mousse and brownies.
BLT is located at the Mirage, near Sportsbook.. . MY BOYFRIEND TO THE WAITRESS: "I'LL HAVE THE NUT JOB.". . Git your dirty minds outta the gutter!!!!!  It's not what you think!!!!  ;) . . BLT Burger may seem like your typical burgers, fries, and milkshake spot buuuuuut it really isn't. Their burgers and shakes are pretty fancy schmancy (yet reasonably priced) with different variations offered depending on the ingredients used.  Seating is a plenty and there's even a bar where you can watch either the multiple TVs OR you can watch the cooks cook and build your burger.. . My favorite 'burger' here is the Salmon ($14) consisting of Atlantic Salmon, Avocado, Red Onion, Watercress, and Zesty-Cayenne Tartar Sauce. Mine and my boyfriend's favorite milkshake here is The Nut Job ($7), hence my boyfriend asking the waitress for a Nut Job! It's made with Vanilla Ice Cream, Nutella, and Slivered Almonds. OMG, it's all yummy goodness!. . During our weekend stay in Vegas we ate here 3 times!!!  I ordered a different burger each time, but aside from the Salmon I can't remember the other ones I had (must've not made that much of an impression on me).  As for the fries, the burgers do not come with fries so me and my boyfriend shared, which was good since the burgers are pretty hefty.  Out of the skinny, fat, and waffle fries I preferred the waffle fries. . . Needless to say, I was strung out on burgers and fries after our 3rd time here, but we still couldn't get enough of the Nut Job. Before leaving Vegas my boyfriend was craving a Nut Job and so we took one to go.  If you happen to come to BLT, get the Nut Job: it's amazeballs! LOL.
Great burger!! Everything is fresh and you can taste it in ever bite!! My waitress was very nice and I would definitely go back. I got the classic combo with a milkshake $21.. Price-wise, it was not bad compared to the deli across the hall..
Came here on the recommendation of a friend to try the spiked Milkshakes, excellent, a must try if you stay or are near The Mirage.
BLT burger isa must try, so good ate here two days in a row. Had the mozzarella and chicken wings all three flavors were yummy. The shakes are really goo too. Definitely eating here again on my next visit to vegas.
AMAZING!!! Loved the food. I had a regular burger and I was not expecting much. WOW was I surprised! It was so good. I also ordered a Beer Float with Orange Sherbet... never had one before and was not expecting to be blown away... I was totally wrong about this place. It is AWESOME!
Cool burger place at the Mirage!
Menu has real quality man food. Sweet tater fries and burger was top notch (really). Shakes are worth sharing as you wont get a better one anywhere else.
Menu has real quality man food. Sweet tater fries and burger was top notch (really). Shakes are worth sharing as you wont get a better one anywhere else.
Beer Burger is BOMB dot com! The burgers here are definitely gourmet. Meat melted in my mouth with all my sensations going off! Love this place!
This place is amazing! Ate here for lunch on our last day in Vegas and so glad I tried it so I know how good it is for when I'm in Vegas next! Got a bacon burger and it was soooo good. The burger was humongous and so juicy and yummy. I had the regular fries as my side and they were really good thick cut fries. My friend got the waffle cut fries and they were pretty good too.
Lamb Tandoori burger!  That's all you need to know!
this place is really good and unique.   The portionas are generous and quality is fantastic.  Service is very good and friendly.  Lamb tanduri burger is what i recoment.  TRust me , its really good and the location in the Mirrage casino is a great spot.
Shame, Shame, Shame on me for waiting this long to write a love letter to this BLT Burger joint! Am so sorry BLT honest to GOD the only reason I forgot to write a review is because no doubt known i've done it already...... . Anyway moving along... this place is a true definition of what a burger should taste like and be served like to customers. Omg the wings, the fries, and the bad*** burger all A+ across the board. I highly recommend their wings everybody  "bbq" only and of course their fries and burger. I honestly can taste the burger as I am writing this  to my yelp followers and reviewers out there. So if u happen to stop by, bc of my amazing review to this place, save me a bite. and recall my hunger stage am having now bc how much I truly miss this place. . . Cheers. A+ 10/10 in Taste, quality and services....
Best burger I've EVER had, hands down. It is pricey but 100% worth it. It is a MUST visit for my husband and I every year when we come to Vegas. . . Always get good, quick service.
WOW! This burger restaurant is amazing.  I had the 7 oz burger, fries, and a creamsicle milkshake. The burger was juicy and tasty, the bun was soft, and overall it was just delicious.  The milkshake was simply amazing. It tasted like i was eating a creamsicle, but better. The service was fast and friendly.  The atmosphere was nice, but casual, not formal. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting a good burger restaurant.
Located in the mirage hotel. Ordered the Shaft Bleu burger. It was grilled medium at requested & had caramelized onions, mushrooms, & crumbled Bleu cheese. It was delicious! I ordered it with waffle fries but I tried the sweet potato fries & they were both very good.
Perfect experience here.  No wait to be seated, servers were attentive and friendly, and the food was fresh and delicious.  Highly recommend the buffalo wings and the waffle fries.  As far as the burgers, the cowboy burger (onions, bacon, pepper jack, sauce) was delicious, but you may want to go with a less complicated burger to enjoy the flavors a bit more.  Try this place - you won't be disappointed.
A friend and I ate here before going to see the Beatles show at the Mirage. The burger was the best I've ever had-- delicious, wonderfully cooked, a big serving that I couldn't even finish. We also both had the spiked milkshakes-- amaaaaazing!! And to top it off, this place is pretty affordable, especially for Vegas. Would DEFINITELY come back here if I'm in Vegas again!
I enjoyed the diner feel done big Vegas style.  My friend started off by ordering the wings.  I don't eat wings and hadn't had any in 5 years or so.  These had an amazing combo of spice and crisp with juicy chicken inside.  You could tell the blue cheese sauce was made with real blue cheese.. . Next we had the waffle bites; waffle fries smothered with cheese, bacon bits, sour cream, chives, and a slice of pickled jalapeno.  They were delicious but I could only eat one as I had to save room for my burger.  . . I got the Texas burger.  Chipotle BBQ sauce, bacon, and fried onions.  It was huge.  The flavors blended together well without overpowering the beef itself.  Bravo!. . We finished off the meal with adult milkshakes to go and all I want to do now is lay down for a nap.  . . Our server was friendly, helpful, and attentive.
EXCELLENT burgers! Quick, cheap, and delicious! Waitress was efficient and friendly. . . I ordered the BLT Burger, no side and couldn't even finish the burger. So delicious and totally hit the spot!. . Boyfriend ordered the I80 burger with a side of curly fries. His burger was also fantastic and the fries were deliciously crispy. . . We are 2 Nebraska beef fed individuals so if we say the beef is good, the beef is good! :). . I also ordered the Apple Pie Milkshake - holy deliciousness!
