If in the future I commit some terrible crime and am sentenced to death and therefore offered the historical "last meal" I will request Carnevino. Yes my friends, it really is that good. . . My better half and myself ordered the "Beef Tasting" menu with the supplemental "Wine Flight". As soon as we sat down, our server promptly greeted us and slowly went through each of the specials for the evening. We hemmed and hawed on splitting the Rib eye for two but she talked us into the Beef Tasting menu assuring us we would not be disappointed. What we ate: Hand-Cut Carne Cruda with brioche and local egg. To die for. I could have ate five servings of this. It was delicious, slightly buttery, melt in your mouth meat. My boyfriend loathes eggs with a passion but even he admitted that somehow Mario Batali magically transformed that egg into something he relished. Next came the Beef Cheek Ravioli with aceto balsamico. The server explained to us that the balsamic was aged 125 years. 125 year old balsamic? I fought the urge to channel my inner ghetto child, however, she won out and I asked for more bread so I could sop up the extra balsamic that was left on my plate. Seriously it was that good. Next we had a Wet Aged Beef that was served with some sort of thinly sliced Au gratin potatoes. Next was a Dry Aged Beef. Desert was a Chocolate Panna Cotta and Vanilla Biscotti. . . Every single thing I ate that night surpassed my expectations. The service was spot on. I loved that they literally educated you on several processes, varietals, etc. while you sat there. For the quality of food and service I felt the price point was more than fair.
If you guys want to know what my favorite steak place is on the westcoast?, it is Carnevino @ The Palazzo in Las Vegas. . . When it comes to great steak, and I am a big-time beef eater and I eat lots of it so I know a good steak when I eat one..  . My favorite is the steak served for two. It is HUGE and I really mean it.  The steaks here blows all the other steaks I've had in zagat rated,michelin starred high end restaurants, and other steakhouses out the water besides the steak my husband makes , which is seriously hands-down and simply the best steak I've ever tasted period. lol. . But I heart Carnevino!!! I always enjoy coming here !!! Btw superb wine list knowledgeable waiters and excellent service. =)
Amazing meal.  . . Read a lot of reviews trying to find the perfect steak, after visiting I believe I made the right choice.   Service and food were excellent and I agree with most of the reviews on yelp.
Not just a chophouse, every dish is infused with true & authentic cuisine. Beyond extraordinary -- try the veal chop, it will change your life.
The service is amazing and the dry aged bone in rib eye is to DIE for! . Be sure to call in for a table and they are very accommodating for special events you just have to tell them before hand. . The service is quite nice at the restaurant, but would you expect less from a restaurant that does table side cravings for their bone in steaks?. They also have a huge selection of wine, and the pairings with the food is just perfect. . We had the truffle Foe Gras for a starter and it was quite amazing, the foe gras was of amazing quality, yet the star of the dish the black truffles was over powered by the wonderful foe gras and the sauce. Overall great dish, but could have used another shaving of truffles. . The meal also comes with rosemary bread and a choice of butter or lardo, but their lardo is not the real lardo. The real stuff taste like the best bacon and the best pancetta and so much more and it just melts in your mouth and makes you wanna drink the pure pig fat. Yet the one at carnevino taste like a bar of soap thats lightly seasoned, i would avoid it. . Then the main course the thing we came for, what makes this restaurant known for is the dry aged meats bone in that are carved table side. We got the rib eye and was it good, it meets up to the hype of the restaurant. The quality of meat is amazing and the fact its been dry aged and lightly seasoned right before its served to you. Truly carnevino has served me one of the best steaks you can get in the west coast. Don't come to the restaurant and order something else go for what they are know for and definitely  get the dry aged bone in rib eye or porter house. . We also got sides, we got the squash with couscous and the mashed potatoes with mascarpone both where okay, but i would skip the squash because the pairing with the steak was not a match and the mash was okay, but a disappointment since it was just average not amazing. I guess we can't expect everything to be amazing and the steak was so good it put everything to shame. . The steak alone can give this place 5 stars.. A definitely must go to in vegas if you are  a meat lover.
I went here on Christmas Eve with my mom, and I just have to say it was one of the best meals I had ever had.. . The location is a little bit awkward and unconventional, since it's split into two with the two areas being right near the slots and escalators. I didn't mind much, because it's not awfully noisy or terrible.. . Our waiter was amazing. He was very professional, very quick, and he carved our steak with such elegance that I was actually, ACTUALLY awe-struck.. . We got the Dry Aged Bone in Ribeye (for two) with sauteed brussel sprouts and a seasonal side of butternut squash. The butternut squash was delightful; I had no complaints about that one. But, the sauteed brussel spouts were really delicious. They were cooked just right, and had a light crispy crunch to them, while at the same time, not being too greasy. . . Onto the good part. I have to say, if you go to Carnevino, you NEED to get the Dry Aged Bone in Ribeye. Yeah, so it's $65 per person, but I would have to say it's totally worth it. They brought this ginormous thing of meat out on this wooden board over this dainty little cart. Our waiter carved it right in front of us, and served it to us, arranging it nicely on our plates with wonderful presentation as if we weren't already impressed. When they were done, they left the giant bone on a plate for us and advised that the meat next to the bone is amazing. That we should try it. Well, of course!. . Although there was too much steak, and as much as I wanted to finish everything, I stuffed myself until I physically could just not fit any more meat into my stomach. I did end up trying the meat off the bone. It was divine. Not only was the texture different, but the taste was different from the rest!. . We also asked our waiter for a wine suggestion. He poured us a nice glass of Cabernet, which went amazingly with the beef.. . I'm confident about this place enough to say that it was probably the best meal I have ever, ever had. And I've had many meals in my lifetime.
For the yelp of god I cannot understand how this oasis gets less than five stars. . . Fresh-baked bread, served piping hot, with (get this people) butter AND emulsified pork fat. Yes, pork fat. That you can spread. On your hot roll. Are they joking? No this is Vegas and they do it like that. . . Began with dry-aged beef carpaccio. Mounds and mounds served family style over deliciously bitter, yet balanced, greens. The carpaccio itself was both rich and salty. . . Next we moved onto a 1/2 order of pasta. I cannot recall exactly what we had, but it involved lamb and was house-made, al dente as is expected, and was rich with a finish of fresh tomato and basil. . . Onto the main.... shared the 20 oz. pork chop. Holy shite, yes, it was 20 ozs. There was a crusty outer layer of caramelized maple glaze and the chop itself was as juicy as can be. . . Full, happy and having had exceptional food and service, we went out, determined to lose our fortunes on the Wizard of Oz machine. 5 stars for Batali and the staff of Carnevino.
This is my go to place for an amazing steak. In fact  some of my most memorable meals were here. The wine is exceptional. The Riserva cut when they have it is sublime and all the sides and pastas are excellent.
3rd time here.... Bone-in rib eye is the key to meat lover's heaven. We also enjoyed the skirt steak Carpaccio. It's hotel priced... but you're in LV... why the heck not! . . We learned from the last time to take it easy on the appetizers cuz, the bone-in is HUGE!!! So we kept it simple.... meat! The sides were yummy too... Roasted beats with Gorgonzola and a brussel sprout and pancetta dish was delish as well.. . Everyone was perfectly helpful, never was without a server for less than a few minutes, yet was not intruded upon. As we left, everyone was super gracious with good byes and enjoy your night... Was great experience!
We were here for a belated birthday dinner. We arrived without reservations, so we weren't able to sit in the dining room, but we were able to get a seat in the dining room (full menu). . . Our waiter was knowledgeable of the menu, made an excellent wine pairing suggestion, and overall provided good service. We did wait for his attention before we placed our order, but never lacked for bread or beverage refills. . . Our shared appetizer (prosciutto), entrees (we both had fillet without extra toppings or sauces), and sides (spinach and potatoes) were heavenly. The fillets were cooked exactly as ordered, tender, and flavorful. . . We skipped dessert in favor of a digestive (Grappa), which the waiter split between us, without our needing to ask for a second glass. . . I'd definitely return here on a future trip to Vegas, and be excited about going.
Dry Aged Bone in Ribeye (for two) - Do it. It's simply incredible. Its three month preparation is all the difference.  Also, the Brussel Sprouts with Pancetta side was scrumptious. Great wine list. Superb, smart service. Batalli, Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
Amazing.  The wait staff was great, very knowledgeable and attentive without being annoying.  Our waiter suggested the prosciutto for an appetizer and it was by far the best I've ever had.  I think he said it had been aged for a year and it just melted in your mouth.  I've been looking for an equivalent at restaurants in LA but haven't found anything of that caliber around here.. . The wife doesn't eat much red meat so she opted for pasta with seafood.  It was awesome!  The pasta was freshly made and you can really tell the difference.  She actually ate the entire dish which rarely happens, and there was none left for me.  My steak was cooked perfectly and delicious.  The waiter was also able to recommend a wine that went well with my meal.  Overall we were very satisfied and would come back again the next time we go to Vegas.
I sort of feel a little bad giving this place five stars (again) after our recent repeat trip here. After reading all the reviews, I guess service really does make that difference for most people (me included), however, once again we have walked out of this restaurant with happy sighs escaping our lips. . . Normally I am not a re-reviewer (tee hee) but our last meal and drinks here in the tavern prompted me. Came in on a Monday at lunch time and had drinks and burgers in the Taverna area. Scott, our bartender was great. We ordered two of the $19.00 burgers and as I cringed a little over the burger price, I sipped on my Blood Orange Martini to take the edge off. Once the burger arrived I realized I would have paid $25.00 for that burger. Hands down the best burger I have EVER had in my entire life. The beef was fabulous and topped with a generous thick slice of pancetta and white cheddar? Oh my taste buds were singing an aria to Mario. My boyfriend orders the house made chips as his side, while I opted for the arugula salad. We both agreed the arugula salad was a better choice as its bitterness and tartness balanced out the sheer delicious richness of the burger. Oh and the truffle aioli? I can honestly say I have found a mushroom I will eat. Scott topped off my martini once too! Thanks buddy! They have a special before 5, any two bloody mary's, Bellini's, or beers for $11.00 bucks. Hey that is a good deal, anywhere.
It was before 4 as I entered, before dinnertime. I ordered the steak and eggs meal and it came out perfectly. One of the few meals I have enjoyed during my time in Vegas. The arugula was phenomenal and almost addictive. Highly satisfying meal.
Fine dining for the savages!!! Me eat red meat!! I love Carnevino!!! Everything is ala carte meaning you order all your appz, sides, entrees, salads and so on separately. We first tried the BIG EYE TUNA 'CRUDO'-raw tuna sashimi with radish and cucumber...BOMB I love tuna. The cuts were from leanest to fattiest portions. The fatty tuna melted in your mouth.  The ponzo sauce and the micro greens were perfecto. .     Then we had our sides: SPAGHETTI AI FRUTTI DI MARE-slightly spicy with clams, giant shrimp, lobster, crab, and calamari=so good seafood fresh flavor came thru here and pasta was aldente. TORTELLONI lobster and tarragon= Oh my this was excellent. I dint love lobster that much but the mixture in this pasta was great. .    Now for the MEATS!!! We tried 3 different types of meat all medium. We first tried the Dry Aged Bone-in Rib Eye... HOLY !*@* this cut was so good. No sauce or anything and it was so juicy and tasty as if it was drenched in some forbidden jucie from the gods.... Yeah its liek that!!! The person that cut the meat was even wearing a full suit and looked like a manager rather then a waiter. DAMN so fancy shamancy!! Next we tried the "La Florentina" which is  a Florentine porterhouse. GETDAFUKOUTAHERE!!! That right there was my overall favorite and the best cut of meat I have ever had in my life. It was so tender I only had to take a few gentle slices and it was cut. The flavor was so good I literally took another piece while my first bite was in my mouth. Hahahah What a savage bastard I am, me eat my meats (grunts)!!! We also ordered the mixed grill which was an assortment of pork belly, Madagascar grill shrimp, and bison sausage. The pork belly was awesome it literally melted in your mouth and had this tangy/bbq sauce on it which was yumm-o. The Madagascar shrimp was the size of my hand it was huge it wasn't great but it was good. The sausage was probably the least liked. It had a very gamey taste that none of us liked BUT we still finished it. Our sides were creamed spinach, mushrooms, and mascarpone mashed potatoes. This place was so good we just sat there in amazement for 2 hrs. We were so stuffed we didn't even order any desert. Service also deserves the full 5 stars. Ever server was very knowledgeable with the menu, food, and wine. Excellent service and food.
cowboy ribeye the best steak i ever had. i wish they had one in chicago
Who's been to Mario Batali restaurant? Hand slowly rises, head droops in shame. Face turns red with embarrassment. . . DO not be embarrassed!!!! I cannot wait to return to this palace of ultimate indulgence. There's a reason Mario's famous and we're not. The food is good. Italian steak? Seriously, mind boggling - beyond my wildest dreams. I adore steak. Abe & Louie's is my favorite place in the city followed closely by Grill 23, Benjamin's NYC, Joseph's Bridgeport, CT, Sammy's Roumanian NYC.. . Situated in the Palazzo Hotel and Casino, the atmospheric attempt at Old Italy is gaudy and flawed but balanced by the servers in white jackets with proper demeanor. The attentiveness of service is almost astonishing - if you lift your head, a server appears at your side - unobtrusive but very observant. . . The wine list essentially starts at $100 bottle. We ordered sapphires and tonics - perfect mixture:  gin, topped off with tonic. A bottle of Carema "Etichetta Nera," Ferrando 2007 breathed while we decided what to order ($150). Aired, a deliciously dry vino, perfect to accompany red meat. . . The special cut was a BBL special, bone in rib eye, dry aged for twelve months, for two. This is apparently proprietary beef, trademarked as such. $90 a head. We chose the menu bone in rib eye for two; BBL beef dry aged for nine months at $65/pp. My buddy didn't want to order a starter, but the server wisely suggested that since the steak was going to take about 40 minutes to prepare, it was probably best that we order an appetizer. . . Grilled octopus with micro greens, a limoncello drizzle and "pickled" vegetables, grilled hot peppers, beets and an olive oil balsamic reduction,  outstanding. Meaty octopus tendons, juicy, thick and succulent. The perfect accompaniment to fresh baked foccacia loaf served with house whipped creamed butter and a ramekin of lardo. Toasted hot and buttery foccacia - crispy outer shell, pepper coatrd and fluffy inside. . . See picture of whole steak. Note the size of steak in comparison to the server's hand on the plate: G-inormous. Wheeled over on a cart, placed on a butcher block and carved select slice by select slice and arranged on your plate for consumption, perfect. See arrangement picture, grilled perfectly medium rare. Crusted in a tasty black pepper, sea salt and rosemary rub. Remaining bone sliced in two and let on separate place for our enjoyment. The meat is really a cut above. I've enjoyed a couple steaks here and there. This was different. Succulent, melt in your mouth goodness. Primest of the prime. . . Side of mashed potatoes with poached egg, spinach and ham. Unique but exquisite. . . The bill was also prime but you get what you pay for. Enjoy.
Four of visited on a VERY slowww Tuesday night and it was fantastic.. . As soon as we sat down some prosecco was served.. We split some pasta dishes for appetizers and each one was just perfectly made. . . We then split the Flinstone's sized steak and it was more than enough for four of us.  Really.   This was the most enjoyable piece of meat I can remember.  Different pieces of it had different amounts of fat, marbling, texture.  It was wonderful.  It was expensive - but not if you divide by 4.. . The wine list is obviously mostly Italian and mostly high-end.  The sommelier was great and she was well-versed in all the spirits as well.. They have a great cart with digestifs including a large grappa and amaro selection.  . . The deserts were great.  The most memorable was a "cheesecake" which was thinner,  with some grapefruit sauce that was perfectly balanced and made this  a light fantastic desert.. . The food was memorable. . . The service was just good.  Given how slow it was it was surprising that you'd have to wait around to see if your waiter would show up.   . This service was not memorable.
Last time I visited Vegas (as a tourist), my husband and I ate here 4-5 times, we loved it so much. Their fingerling potatoes are so 'finger-licking' good, and their Orecchiette pasta is the best I've ever had.. . Mario Batali has done an amazing job with Carnevino.
I'm surprised Yelpers don't seem to like this place as much.. . I'll give the good news and bad news, bad news first.. . The sides are definitely small. While the presentation of the mashed potatoes is cool (they crack the egg in front of you and mix it in), it's over-hyped. If you have a large group, you might as well order pasta entrees to be your sides.. . On the other hand, the dry aged rib-eye steak was amazing. Worth splurging.
I had the most fantasic dinner there. The service was perfect. The food blew me away. And the wine pairing suggested by the Sommerlier we so enjoyable. I can't wait to go back. This is fine dining!
The steak alone is warranting the five stars.  . . I've been to some of the best steak houses in the country, and am not ashamed to say, flew cross country to New York just to try Peter Luger, and the steak at Carnevino is definitely in my top 2.  . . The ambiance is cool. The wait staff annoyingly tries to make you feel like you are eating food directly prepared by the hands of The Holy himself.  And how dare you not take his advice on what pasta to order before your steak.  You also have to order half the steaks for 2, even if you are not just a party of 2.  . . Even with all their crap, I would go back in a heart beat.  It's that good!
WOW!  Where do I start?. Probably with the most sincere thank you for making my cousin Brian's wedding dinner phenomenal.  With the limited number of guests attending their destination wedding, they were looking forward to enjoying a stellar dinner with a small group.. . Carlos, our waiter, made sure Jessica and Brian received the best treatment!  He carefully explained the different elements of the menu and made the best recommendations on how to go about choosing each course.. . Our sommelier also did a perfect job in helping us select wines to go with each course.. . Our dinner:. Appetizers: calamari and ahi tuna. Pasta: BLACK FETTUCINE and PAPPARDELLE. Main Course: Rib Eye and Porterhouse Steaks. . One word: AMAZING!. . Again, thank you to the chef and Carlos for an unforgettable evening!
Hands down the best meal I've had in a city that probably has the best dining in the US outside of New York or SF.  Service was outstanding.  The steak is AMAZING as is the pasta (we had several, they were all good, perfectly al dente with delicious sauces and ingredients).  As a previous review stated, steak is upthere with Peter Luger's circa 1998, I'm from Chicago, have eaten at most of the good places there, Lugers and other top places in NYC, and this competes if not tops them all.  My number one meal of 2010.
Pasta:. Whoever said there was no flavor might be lacking some taste buds because the flavor was all there. I wanted to slurp the whole bowl into my mouth at once. You can't go wrong with any of the pasta's because they're fresh made, and it's apparent! They claim the pasta is Batalli's forte. It's too bad it is so ridiculously expensive and portions are tiny. I only tried it because we had a vegetarian at the table (oops, my bad for choosing a steakhouse on our last night!).. . Meat:. My. God. Rib. Eye. SO GOOD! This is the first time I have been impressed by meat in Vegas. Especially because I've made my rounds to steakhouses like Craft, I had my doubts given this place had a half star less. No.. it is so delicious, you must come here for the meat.. . Sides:. So the mashed potatoes with egg didn't blow me away, but it was still good. I was actually a little nauseated by the complimentary focaccia with "emulsified" (read: mushy) lard. We opted for the italian broccoli with pork belly (tastes like bacon!), and they can make this vegetarian if desired (don't know who in their right mind would want to do that). Sides aren't that big but they're unnecessary because the meat is enough to really tide you over.. . Service:. The service was NOT as pushy as I thought they would be. They did drop Batalli's name several times, but he was nice enough, and offered what I felt were reasonable and helpful suggestions.. . Note: for parties of 6 or more, they require a credit card deposit.
This place is not for Stuck-up restaurant snobs, or people who don't want to spend money.  Don't come here and order a pasta dish and complain about price.  This place is a steak restaurant.  Get the steak, and understand that you're paying a premium for quality food and service.  . . I truly Enjoy a great steak, and Carnevino prepared one of the greatest steaks I've ever eaten.. . I was out with my buddy, celebrating my upcoming wedding. We started off with a great wine recommendation by the sommelier. The Wine paired well with our starter and main dishes.  Although some may find the wine to be expensive, we were charged only $87 for a bottle of wine that retails for $60 in the stores.  Either we got lucky, or overall their prices on wine are reasonable.  . . The steak (The Strip) was cooked to perfection; a nicely crisped outside, and an incredible medium-rare cook on mine, while my buddy got a medium cook on his fillet.  I noticed the Rib Steak at the table next to mine, and it looked phenomenal.  Almost like a Flinstones bone, but tasty :D . . The bread came with lardo. The Taste of the lardo on the bread really made the meal pop.  If you haven't had lardo, do yourself a favour and put the lardo on your bun here.  Lardo is a cured and rendered pork fat.  I can't say enough about how it complimented the entire meal.. . Some people may have found the music choice at the venue a bit odd. We listened to a series of 90's grunge songs. The music seemed out of place at first, but I really appreciated the atmosphere it commanded.
Sometimes, you just need more protein!  . . The BF and I went here for dinner one night and decided on the meat tasting menu.  I'll let the BF do a blow by blow and I'll just talk about my favorites:  The Waygu beef crudo was just succulent.  The waygu was sliced so thin and the little salad on top with fennel and coriander really enhanced the entire bite.  Even the wine served with this dish was a perfect pairing.  . . Second favorite - its a toss up between thebeef cheek ravioli and the wet aged piemontese beef.  The beef cheek stands out in my mind because of the balasmic they served with it.  It was slightly sweet and set off the savoryness of the beef cheek.  The wet aged beef - it was fork tender, melt in your mouth, give me more goodness.  The flavor was absolutely what you want a good piece of meet to taste like.  The wine served with this - Produttori del Barbaresco, Barbaresco 2006 Piemonte was also just a wonderful accompainment to the dish.  . . Service was impecable, meal was delicious.  What a great place to go to after a show - especially if you are in the mood for a little beef!
You walk into a room that's designed to make you feel small...and everything else feel big. It's dark with cavernous ceilings dropping shadows that mock the dim lighting, cloaking rich mahogany in an effortless nod at a rustically simple and rich elegance. . The wine list boasts a huge variety of conquests spanning nations and vineyards, and despite the extraordinary mark up let's face it, if you're eating here...in Vegas...you may as well sell out. You'll win it back later anyway, right? . It's the infamous ribeye-for-two you are here, a gargantuan cut of meat that is brought before you in its fresh and blood-red marbled glory, like some pagan god of carnivores to taunt and tease your eager eyes. After you order it medium rare (and no other way) the beast is brought back out to be slaughtered and cleaved and hacked apart, crisp edges roasted black and that deeply savory, fat-melting, perfectly salted flavor of a damn good steak unrolls into the air around you. Plate after plate of beef is set before your party and its bounty yields surprisingly more than you expected. Plunge your fork into the crusted end bits, that is surrounded by an almost charred, crackling sear courageously protecting a soft, shy pink center. When that slight taste of roasted meat and salt, of blood and hot, crackling, buttery fat has covered your mouth give into the temptation to grab one of the huge bones laid out before you. You'll start off shaving off slices of meat closest to the bone but in that heady euphoria of cut and eat you'll end up roasted bone in hand, gnawing at the monster, the way you secretly always knew it was going to end up. Go ahead and toast your friend sitting across from you with the bone, you don't have to say anything, you both know exactly what you're toasting to.. It's not just the steak that is good here, the lamb chops are just as amazing, with a heady and smoky flavor, incredibly tender and larger than the petite, runty chops you find at your supermarket. The potatoes are surprisingly delicious, a welcome respite with a crispy skin that when bitten, easily yields to unleash heavy scents of rosemary and garlic.. . Oh yeah. There was asparagus too. They sat untouched.
We checked in at the front desk since we were there a lil early for our dinner reservations. The people there were really nice and chatty (in a good way). When everyone in our party arrived, we followed someone to our table. There were 8 of us, so we got this semi-private booth, which we liked. The ambience was dim and semi-quiet, although I felt like our group was being the complete opposite. We couldn't suppress our laughter. Opps, sorry. . . They gave us complimentary piece of bread with 2 spreads, regular butter and one made out of pork fat. I started with their INSALATA CAPRESE ($21 - candied tomatoes, burrata, and basil), but I wish they put a slice of fresh tomatoes instead. The burrata on the other hand was perfect!. . My entree was an appetizer portion size of a vegetarian version of their PAPPARDELLE ($22, but for main course add $37), which took me about 10 bites to eat. I was glad to have some mushroom pieces with each bite. Great dish, but the top the dish seemed a little dry, possibly from sitting under the warmer a little too long.. . And you can't forget about their wine. They have a TON of wine selections. We ordered 2 red wines, the LA MOZZA "ARAGONE" 2006 and the Primitivo, Primaterra 2009. They really know their stuff here. Overall, A+++++ customer service, wine list, and their PORTER HOUSE steak.
We've been eyeing up this restaurant for months. My husbands birthday was the perfect excuse to partake in colossal proportions. I had  reservations, but once we got there we knew it wasn't necessary, the place was empty except for one other table. The hostess was friendly and assisted us quickly. The tables filled as the night progressed but having the waiters undivided attention was worth getting there early (6:30pm). I was unsure of the wine I wanted, so he patiently went through the list and brought multiple tastings of wine until I found the one I liked (Arizona Stronghold TAZI). Our waiter, Micheal, was top notch, he was patient and wasn't put off from all our questions, and even made suggestions. My husband got their specialty farmers market drink which was like an orange mojito. We were presented with 2 bite size fried cheese balls, compliments of the chef, they were good, reminded us of the gold fish snack crackers (LOL). We also were given tasty dinner rolls with butter or lardo spreads (we both preferred the butter).. For our meals we decided on the INSALATA CAPRESE,....WOW, how can such simple ingredients taste so good? The tomatoes were candied, the mozzarella was fresh, soft and gooey, everything went perfectly together, I could eat that dish everyday.. Next we got POTATO GNOCCHI BOLOGNESE and BUCATINI ALL' AMATRICIANA, both were delicious. The gnocchi was so tender and the sauce was perfect. The bucatini dish has a little spice to it, the pasta had nice tooth to it, really thick, the pork that was in the sauce totally put the taste into another dimension...simply amazing.. Being a steakhouse we had to get beef, we agreed on the DRY AGED BONE IN RIBEYE for 2 with a side of MASCARPONE & GUANCIALE MASHED POTATOES and a GIANT MADAGASCAR SHRIMP. Paired with an Italian red Brandini. The monstrous piece of meat was presented to us, then the waiter carefully cut it into beautiful slices, the bone is left at the table and we were encouraged to have at it (my kind of place), my husband and I had to arm wrestle for the bone:) The steak was so tender, cooked perfectly, seasoning was simple and didn't overpower the meat. The wine complimented the steak perfectly. The mashed potatoes were yummy, very heavy though, so we tried no to eat too much of those. The shrimp was giant as advertised, cooked perfect, taste was delicious, a shrimp that eats like a lobster but better. . By this point I thought my stomach would explode, but we decided to end the meal with a trio of gelato...vanilla, mint, and espresso; vanilla was the best, the mint made my stomach feel better and actually made me feel like i could eat more, the espresso helped wake me up from my food coma. I was wrong to think we were done, our waiter brought 2 complimentary raisin cookies, I had to eat it, reminded me of biscotti.. The food is pricey but I think it was worth every penny and would go back in an instant, you can even eat at the bar if you wish to just pop in for a taste.
I dined at Mario Batali's and Joe Bastianich's Carnevino recently at The Palazzo with my wife and son, and the dry-aged bone-in ribeye was the very best steak I have ever tasted--and I have sampled quite a few on my quest to find the finest steak in Las Vegas.  In fact, I supped at Santa Fe Station's Charcoal Room and Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse within two weeks of my venture to Carnevino, and at N9NE inside Palms and Union within Aria at City Center not long afterward.  All four dining establishments served excellent, well-prepared steaks--but not on a par with what Carnevino produced.  The same is true of earlier ventures to Emeril Lagasse's Delmonico Steakhouse in the neighboring Venetian and Golden Steer on Sahara Avenue near the Stratosphere.  Thus far, Stripsteak at Mandalay Bay comes the closest.  When chewing on the tender morsels of medium-rare meat, Carnevino's dry-aged ribeye yielded deep, rich, pleasing, and penetrating bursts of flavor that is difficult to describe in words, and the pasta that preceded it (Potato Gnocchi Bolognese and Pappardelle Noodles with a delicate Mushroom Sauce) was very clean-tasting and refined.  I hope to return for lunch there soon just to savor the pasta again.  One can only eat steak so often before the body's cholesterol level will jump skyward!  But the well-aged ribeye at Carnevino will definitely be experienced again after a respectable break.  It is something to savor more than once, and to treasure each time. . . Complimentary doughy cheese puff balls were an appreciated amuse-bouche from the chef.  But I still prefer butter on my warm bread to offered lardo.  Bearnaise Sauce was excellent; Gorgonzola Mascarpone less so only because its strong flavor tended to dominate rather than harmonize with the meat.  Warm Apple Fritters served with refreshing Vanilla Bean and Chocolate Gelato topped off a great meal.  I am glad that we took the advice of our server to place only a single order for two of dry-aged bone-in ribeye, which yielded about 40 ounces of meat.  This amount of prime beef proved to be more than adequate to feed three hungry diners-especially with two pastas and two vegetable sides to share.  Ambiance was that of a clubby, white-table-clothed steakhouse in a spacious setting that featured a labyrinth of rooms; and service was friendly, helpful, and attentive.  Although very expensive, Carnevino will serve up a most memorable and satisfying meal!
Awesome birthday dinner with the wife!
Amazing cooked to perfection food. The steak was mouth watering, the mashed potatoes amazing, the sauteed mixed mushrooms YUM!! The service spectacular!! My husband and I loved every min and will be dining there again! I choose it because i love Mario Batali! And it was WELL worth the price!
I didn't have dinner here. I had dessert and espresso.I was with 2 companions and we all loved what we ordered. I had the donuts with apricot rum pastry cream which were crispy and chewy and delightful. The pastry cream was a perfect compliment to my espresso. My table mates ordered the panna cotta and a trifle composed of ricotta, berries and what I think was some sort of honeyed cake. All items were well prepared and tasty. The service was attentive but not obnoxious. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will totally hit them up for dinner.
It is sophisticated and definitely very elegant. We sat in the room surrounded by wine. I was very intriged that my special request on the reservation was confirmed by the waiter before he suggesed dishes. I am allergic to parsley and when he was making the recommendations he also mentioned which dishes can be made without parsley and which dishes could not be. Very impressive. . . We ordered the bone in rib eye for two. Table side service. Suggesting for the bone meat consumption using our hands at a high end restaurant? THAT was a first. But, we did it and it was delicious. Oops, I should mention the appteizer first. steak tartar and burrata with sun dried tomato. Man OH man, best steak dinner I have EVER had. Ending with dessert Afrogato... I love vanilla ice cream and I love Espresso. We had a bottle of cabernet that was amongst all the food it kind of got lost.. . Service, ambiance, atmosphere was great. Be prepared to take a little hit on the pocket but defnitely worth it.
Ate at Mario Batali's restaurant Carnevino at the Venetian, and it was a truly special meal. My husband and I were here celebrating an anniversary, and had a fabulous time. The decor is open and airy, and not stuffy. There was rock music playing lightly in the background, and gave off a fun vibe. This is a Steakhouse, that also serves all the homemade pasta dishes that Mario is famous for, but the meat is the star of the show here. My husband and I got the rib eye for two, and I don't think I will ever have a  better prepared steak than here. They carve it table-side, and present it artfully on your plate.  The rib eye comes with this huge Flintstone size bone attached,  and they encourage you to gnaw on the giant bone.  I couldn't help but do it, since they suggested it.  Kind of a fun thing to do at a fancy restaurant. The second the wait staff saw me doing this, they brought over a perfectly steamed cloth with a lemon and a sprig of rosemary for me to wash my face.  Nice touch! The steak was crispy on the outside, and perfectly cooked on the inside. Salty, yummy, and incredibly decadent. We also ordered appetizers, and sides that were all delicious, but for this carnivore, the steak could have been the appetizer, main course, and dessert, all in one. The steak for two was 140 bucks, and worth every penny. Loved this place!
The bone in Rib-Eye was worth the wait. They came to our table and cut it to make our dinner an enjoyable experience. If you love meat order the Bone-in Rib-eye.
Carne vino - meat and wine, that is what this place is all about. Only the highest quality beef, veal, and pork are served here. The bread is served with not only butter, but also cured lardo. Cheese fritters, almost like gougeres, are served before the meal.  And we were delighted to find that they had several different vintages of our favorite wine - Solaia, from the Antinori vineyard we visited on our honeymoon - on the list.. . We decided to go with something we had not seen anywhere else before - the beef tasting menu. Four courses of beef - what could be wrong with that? Nothing, as it turns out.. . First course - wagyu beef (think Kobe) served raw in a crudo with olive oil, vinegar, coriander, and saffron, topped with fennel. This was elegant and complex - the bright hits of saffron and the warm nuttiness from the coriander lent an exotic feel to a traditionally Italian dish. . Second course (a favorite from the whole trip) - beef cheek ravioli. Savory and satisfying slow cooked meat inside perfect pasta (this IS a Batali restaurant, after all), finished with a balsamic aged so long it has become thick and sweet - perfection.. . Third course - a wet aged beef served with a breaded quail egg and deliciously garlicky spinach. I love beef paired with egg, so I was very happy here.. . Fourth course - dry aged beef with Bearnaise. I didn't particularly care for the potatoes that accompanied this course, but the beef was excellent. Because of the tasting, we had the chance to compare wet and dry aged beef directly which was very interesting. We felt that there was more of a textural difference than a flavor difference.. . On to the desserts - I had the the vanilla semifreddo that was listed on the menu; served with pistachio rum sauce and extremely fresh strawberries.  My husband told the server that he preferred chocolate, and the pastry chef made a flourless chocolate cake with raspberries for him.. . The first two courses were far better than the two main courses, so I would recommend Carnevino for Italian inspired dishes (like the crudo) and fabulous pasta.
A great dining experience.  The food was amazing, from our Barratta bruschetta, chopped salad, pastas, NY strip, Porter House....all the way to our delicious desserts.  We knew the portions would be large (they don't hide that fact....they tell you that "for 2" serving serves up 26 oz, so we ordered accordingly).  We had the best waiter ever (Gary) who adjusted the order to our appetites and suggested a mix of dishes for our table of six.  Gary couldn't have done a better job.  One of the few star chef restaurants in Vegas that is up to par (and surpasses) their NYC fare.  Excellent!
The steak was absolutely fabulous! The restaurant is great for a fancy romantic date. We went there as a luxury because we were there for our honeymoon. The steaks are marinated for 90 days!! Exceptional. The prices are pretty steep (we ended paying $300 for 2 people) but this is a one in a lifetime experience. The steak is hugeee, the mushroom pasta was tiny, but to die for. And the service is outstanding.
Best restaurant of my entire trip! Had the Filet - an amazing(very expensive) blend red wine, what I'd qualify as a very well done sangiovese. Started with the roasted beets... service was impeccable - I would definitely recommend.
Ate here for the first time this past weekend with friends. Absolutely phenomenal experience. If you know food and love a great steak you will not be disappointed. The staff is amazing, very friendly and on point. Be sure to have a cocktail at the bar. Cooper was the bartender and he started the night perfect. The restaurant is very elegant and a perfect place to treat yourself, your spouse and your friends. The food was amazing from the bread with two options of spreads to the desserts. We started the meal with the octopus which is a definite must have, another is the ravioli stuffed with duck and covered in brown butter and truffles. These raviolis are off the chart. I am a huge foodie and this maybe one of the most amazing things I have tried. We had the ribeye for dinner which is carved table side. It is a monstrous piece of dry aged over-prime beef with exceptional seasoning. Be sure to order 1 temp over your normal taste and remember it is huge. We had the potatoes with pancetta and an egg, for a side. Some fantastic, but pricey, wine pairings. Their wine selection is second to none.  Desserts are fantastic. Overall this place is simply one of the finest restaurants I have ate at. I will definitely visit anytime I am in Vegas. There was 4 in our party and we spent $600 with food and wine. We ordered 2 rib eyes (4 portions) and we were unable to finish any more than half of it. Highly recommend this restaurant.
My first trip here was for my fiances b-day and i called ahead for reservations and asked if $200-$300 would be enough for a comfortable meal for two. Well the girl on the phone said most definitely .....AND BOY WAS SHE WRONG! I totally brought the wrong card that night but it was the best food we had eaten in a long time and probably the best steak ever (and I'm super picky with my steak). We definitely had to go back! So we recovered from his b-day and decided to give this place another try with the right credit card. We each ordered our own steak i had the rib eye, we ordered two appetizers,side dishes, dessert, wine everything!!! $700 later we had the best meal, best customer service, and the hugest bones to bring home to my dogs (which by the way took them three months to chew up) a little pricey but totally worth it!!! And i kinda like messing with the waiters who have to fold your napkin every time you get up lol
I'm surprised this place doesn't have a higher overall rating.. . I'm a big steak fan and i make it a point to make reservations at one of the nice steakhouses whenever i'm on vacation.   . . Aged meat is what this place is a all about!  All of their steaks are aged 90 days (which is the most i've every seen as most places do ~21-30days...with a select few doing 60 days).. . We started with the Jamon Iberico de bellota...I can finally cross this legendary pork dish off my list!   The meat was a bit waxy and really fatty...it was basically like prosciutto on steriods.  It was really good and definitely worth a try.. . Me and my friend split a Reserva steak (it's not on the menu but you can ask the waiter if they have any).   The Reserva steak is their super aged beef...ours was a 8 MONTH aged ribeye.   They sell the steak by the inch (thickness).  We ordered the minimum which was 1" since we were not really hungry.   The steak came out much bigger then expected.  It was bone in but i'd say it's probably in the range of ~16oz of actual meat.. . Ok, this is one weird steak.  It doesn't smell like steak and it doesn't taste like steak.   It actually tastes like the jamon iberico we just had!   You can see a lot of marbling even after being cooked (it was cooked rare).  I'd say this is probably a A4 grade if you go by Japanese grading standards.  . . The steak tastes like cured ham,  it has a weird funk to it like aged cheese...imagine some weird combination of cured ham and aged cheese.  It was a bit waxy just like the jamon iberico and it had a fatty coating to it.   Overall i'd say this is not bad...and an interesting steak to try but it's not better then your regular aged steak.    I tried some of my friends new york steak and i have to say it's probably in my top 3 at the moment.  It was seasoned and cooked just right with a nice charred crust.. . And seeing as how this is Mario Battali restaurant...the pasta was really good too!
Wow, amazing steak, amazing pasta. Classy ambience. Great for celebrations and groups. It's pricey but it's worth it. Get the porterhouse to share with the table - the presentation is great. Batali never disappoints!
Not for basic bitches. . . Eat the lard & sit at the bar. The service at the bar is fantastic, and the bartenders will take amazing care of you (and get you very drunk).
One of my top 5 dining experiences! At $216 per person, also the most expensive. Our waiter Gary helped the three of us order a terrific shared dinner that began with house made cured meats. The best course was the beef cheek ravioli with shaved fresh white truffles on top! We shared the steak Florentine, with more white truffles! Medium-rare was a little too bloody for my friends, but I wouldn't ruin a beyond-prime cut of meat by cooking it more. The kitchen, however, kindly put some extra fire under one of my friend's portions. Mashed potatoes with parmesan, guanciale, fried egg and more truffles rounded out the course. Desserts and house made lemoncello were a perfect end!
There is NOTHING not to love about Carnevino!. . I've been at least 5 times now, every year for my birthday, and once for Thanksgiving. The finest meats, the dreamiest wine list, the best ambiance in LV - I LOVE going to Las Vegas, but really crave those restaurants, bars and hotels that don't Scream the city to me - Carnevino and The Palazzo is just that - an oasis. . . The Ribeye for 2 - perfection, the pork chop, wonderful - this time we had the Bison, it was great, and splurges with some white truffle on our pasta starter. I'm a food writer and chef and a HUGE SNOB when it comes to fine dining. I dream of Carnevino, and truthfully, cannot imagine going every time, when I hit Vegas. . . We went to Bouchon this time, in the Venetian - I've been to the Bouchon in Napa, in Beverly Hills and now Vegas - wonderful and I'm a huge fan of Mr. Keller's. But I dream of Carnevino.... I'm obsessed.. . Go!!!
I have been to Carnevino twice and both times I had an ethereal experience with steak.  Attention to detail with their meat, from the type of feed for the cattle through the final preparation, is evident in the final product.  It is hard to eat another steak after eating at Carnevino.  My next two best steaks have been at Peter Lugar in Brooklyn and Cattleman Cafe in Oklahoma City, but Carnavino is without question, my favorite steakhouse in the country.. . On our second trip we tried the Reserva rib eye along with their regular porterhouse.  Our Reserva was aged almost seven months and had a flavor unlike any other beef you will eat.  It is a bit more expensive than their other offerings and is not always available, so call ahead if you are interested.  It was well worth trying at least once.
This establishment has moved up to my No. 1 favorite steakhouse, bar none.  Service is impeccable, friendly and responsive.  Food is fresh, with preparation that allows you to truly savor and taste the quality of the meat and the vegetables.. . The price is not cheap, but for a once in a while special occasion, bring your ridiculously high expectations - you will not be disappointed!
Prosecco to start!  Guanciale mashed potatoes - life is good!. . Ok, life got even better.  Warm bread served with two spreads, an unsalted butter that is creamy goodness and creamy lardo.  Yes, lardo.  Oooohhh so nice.. . Excellent prosecco started us off and we paired it with proscuitto served with thin apple slices.  Very nice!  We enjoyed the black fettucini served with crab - sooo good.  Our main course - the dry-aged bone-in rib eye paired with Aragone red wine.  Ho-ly COW it's good!  The cart-side table presentation is beautiful, and it's sliced then sprinkled with a little sea salt and a little drizzle of olive oil.  We paired it with the spinach - just a bit salty for us, and the guanciale mashed potatoes with marscapone.  These mashed potatoes are a MUST TRY!  They're served with a poached egg that the waiter breaks and then mixes for you.  Beautiful and so incredibly good - the marscapone, guanciale and egg all come together in perfect symphony.. . How do you improve on such an incredible meal?  Warm saffron rice pudding for desert is how, paired with Dindarello dessert wine.  Sweet, sweet perfection.  I definitely want this again!. . Thank you Dawn (our server) - it was a great meal!
This restaurant lives up to it's name of Carnevino. Meat and wine, that says it all. Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich have put together a very unique dining experience. Not because of it's blending of fine Italian cuisine along side of Steak; but due to it's blending of everything that make dining enjoyable. Carnevino is located in the Palazzo Casino and Hotel at 3325 Las Vegas Blvd. S. You would never know that you were dining in a casino due to the location of the restaurant. Carnevino is located at the side of the casino so there is no foot traffic passing by your dining area. The restaurant is also divided in two parts which are facing each other. One area is where the kitchen is located, and the other is by itself with only the other patrons and your wait staff. Each area can see to the other but are not connected which in itself is quit unique.. . The first time I went I was a bit taken aback by what I thought were high prices. I can say though that once you taste the food presented you understand the prices and wonder how they charge so little. My wife and I had the Bone in Rib Eye for two. I have to say that this is by far the best piece of meat I have ever had the pleasure to eat. It was so tender and easy to eat. It did not melt in my mouth. If meat melts in your mouth you do not get the joy of the meat resting in your mouth as you chew. I say bravo to the chefs who created this bit of heaven on earth to enjoy. The salad prior to the steak was wonderful as well. The sides were equally pleasing.. . We also had the most wonderful dessert. I would tell you about it, but it does not seem to be currently on the menu, and I think you would cry knowing what you are no longer able to get. I know I am crying that it is no longer there.. . I must say that I am equally pleased with the wine selection. What would you expect at a place called CarneVINO. The Somalia was very knowledgeable and took the time to make sure every customer was pleased and taken care of with their wine or cocktail selections.. . I also must complement our wait staff. We had two in attendance and they waited on us only until just before we received our check. My wife and I were both made to feel as if we were the only patrons in the establishment. Thank you so very much Carnevino.
I concur with many of the remarks about the price.  Being an Angeleno, I'm familiar with the big bucks for big steak concept but do bring a suitcase of small unmarked bills with you to Carnevino.  However, the heart palpitations of the sticker shock subside once you pop that first forkful in your mouth.  I think a good dining experience is one that you are able to relive after the fact by closing your eyes and your mouth waters.  Yep, that's Carnevino.  . . The grilled octopus appetizer was an ideal balance of flavors...slight tang to accompany the succulent octopus that you could cut with your fork.  But the magic moment happened when the bone-in NY steak arrived. I hate to attempt to relive it because it makes me want to cry that I can't have it NOW.  Don't bother with the sauces...they are unnecessary. And do yourself a favor and eat your veggies...try the brussel sprouts!  The perfect sip to accompany this dinner?  The Saluces Colline Saluzzesi red.   . . Heading to Vegas?  Crack that piggy bank open and experience Carnevino.
This has to be the best steak I have ever had.  They carved the steak at the table. it was amazing.  Only down fall was that they don't carry hp sauce, but they had a red jus sauce that was fab. I am not a red wine drinker so I was forced to go with cocktails. They were on the strong side. . Food. Bison Carpaccio. sauteed spinach. 41 day aged rib eye
On Dec 30th my boyfriend and I went to the fabulous Carniveno Italian Steak House located in the Palazzo Hotel. When we arrived we were treated with amazing service. We were seated in the back in the wine gallery, it was very romantic. Our server was very knowledgeable of all the food and wine. We had about six servers around our table who were at our beckon call. If you made eye contact with any of them they would rush to your table and ask if we needed anything. We had the Dry-Aged Bone-In Ribeye for two people. The Ribeye was very large, tender, and flavorful. For our sides we had Sauteed Mixed Mushrooms with Spring Onions and Italian Broccoli with House Smoked Pork, which were both very good. The chief even sent his chief special to our table to try, which was stuffed cheese balls, that were delicious. Overall, my experience was amazing, this is a good restaurant for a special occasion such as anniversary, birthday, proposal etc. It is pricy so expect to dish out some money.
My experience at Carnevino was like having really Incredible sex.....you don't want it to ever end.  . . I was waiting for my girlfriends to arrive in Vegas so I sat at the bar and chatted it up with the bartender.  I think his name was Jordan, and he was fantastic.  He pointed me in the right direction for a great glass of wine, and then let me sample a few others.  We talked about wine for a while and then my potato gnocchi bolognese arrived.  OMG, it was delicious!  I didn't want that meal to ever end.  I probably could have eaten three more bowls, especially with the amazing Malbec I was drinking.  . . Well done Carnevino!   meat + wine = taste bud orgasms
Stormy and I found ourselves in LV a few weeks ago for a little R&R. We like to go there for a couple of days (not more) to catch a show and some great food. Couldn't get into Atelier de Joel Robechon (SP) due to (I believe) and incredibly incompetent hostess who couldn't manage to find us a table 48 hours in advance. Oh well.. So we are wandering about and I ask one of the concierges for a recommendation at the Palazzo. He comes up with Carnevino and boy was the recommendation spot on. (see the Leah P review).. We got treated like royalty. Got served like royalty. Had spot on recommendations for both the wine and the meal. In short it was amazing.. Its pricey. Don't be fooled. But you can pay for sex... um food in LV!
Best steak I've ever had.. . That pretty much sums it up.  I was determined to try this mythical 6-9 month aged beef I had heard about, so we strolled in, got a side table, and managed to coax up a new york strip steak for two.  That wasn't quite what I was aiming for, but it turned out well.. . I can see how some people might complain that the "ambiance" isn't quite there, but I was so focused on my objective (eat the old steak) that it didn't matter to me at all.  And boy, did it pay off.. . I have to say, I was not really expecting what I got.  I don't run around looking for great steaks, and I usually dump Worcestershire sauce on everything.  But that was not needed here.. . The meat itself arrives and the first thing you notice is the waxy deep red color.  This is meat ... but meat that has *evolved* before hitting your plate.  The waxy look is not just for show either ... the beef is tender and suffused with the waxy texture as much as the look.  It was literally as if the fat had endeavored to permeate the fibers of the meat itself and succeeded.  The flavor was just slightly funky, but deep and textured.  It paired perfectly with vegetables.  Post-bite, you could still feel the flavor seeping into your taste buds.  Until you lifted your fork and did it all again.. . Definitely call ahead to be sure they'll have the right aged meat ready for you and some better seats.  If you want to eat a meal you can talk about later, you will not be disappointed by coming here.
Yep.  Excellent.  Have been there twice.
Fantastic! . . Visited this establishment last week while in Vegas for Valentines Day.. . First off, Giulio (sp) our server, was amazing. Top Notch. Most likely the best server I have had at a restaurant period. His recommendations steered us to a fantastic dining experience, he offered us a few things off the menu including an appetizer that was superb, and a special gelato flavor for dessert that was unbelievable. . . Seating was delayed about 10 minutes past our reservation, but it was Valentine's day night, and I will excuse it, realistically, it happens. . . We had the chopped Salad and a tri-tip ravioli as our appetizers, I sampled both and they were both very good. The salad has a nice kick from the peppers to it, and the ravioli was served with a 25 year aged balsamic that topped it beautifully. . . Main course was the 90 day dry-aged rib-eye, which is carved table side. Giulio did recommend that we order it medium instead of medium-rare as we asked, stating that the medium here is closed to a traditional medium-rare. I was very glad we did as it was cooked perfectly. The meat just melted and while the rib-eye is pricey (72$ each) there was a very large portion served, and the quality of the meat spoke for the price. . . I try to visit one high-end steakhouse with each trip to Vegas, and so far Carnevino takes the cake. Definitely make a reservation, and ask for Giulio as he was amazing.
awesome awesome awesome!!!
If you love steak or meat, this is the place to go.  My husband I and I just had the most amazing dinner here last night.  Both got steak and practically didn't even need a knife to cut it.  The wine, salads and sides we ordered were outstanding!  PLEASE NOTE: your bill will be on the higher end...and even though we hardly EVER do something like this...you get what you pay for. Superior service, fantastic environment and outstanding food!  Great place to take a date or impress someone:)
Steak and Wine! what else can I say! Been to this place 2 times already and just sat at the bar..... I guess I like doing that!  This place is pretty expensive so I hope that you are going after a strong dice roll at the tables! We started with  the grilled octopus and the Jamon plate... both were fantastic! We had a aperitif and then a glass of wine suggested by john the bartender. He also suggested a pasta before the steak, on one occasion we had the gnocchi and the other the raviolo which i thought the raviolo was much better.  We then had a masterpiece of steak slightly charred from a blazing oven, the dry aged bone in rib eye!  Absolutely mouth watering tender  with that amazing char broiled flavor!   One of the best Ive ever had , even though I was a little drunk by then! The next time we tried the filet and the new york strip .... both were good, but not the same as the rib eye. needless to say you will pay for the rib eye, but i would strongly suggest that if you were going to go there. Our bartender with his Salvador dali moustache was mixology at its finest making a perfect cocktail and keeping our wine glasses full. We even got to try a few unique different spirits on the house to try next time! well worth it and a fantastic place in Vegas!
Food: 5/5. Service: 5/5. ribeye & La Fiorentina; black fettuccine, anolini, spago; steak tartare, pastrami, calamari, Zach's chopped salad
Fantastic restaurant! The food is amazing and the service is even better. The wine selection is outstanding also. I recommend Carnevino to all of my friends and family.
I absolutely love this restaurant! I actually had dinner alone at the bar and had one of the best experiences in Las Vegas! First--you must ask if J.T. is working the bar. He is so much fun and really knows his drinks and mixology. Actually, the entire staff is beyond amazing and this is one of my new FAV spots. . If you love sipping on a great bourbon, tequila or vodka and don't mind spending $$ on a great drink, you have to ask the bartenders what their favorites are! . I met so many great people at the bar that had actually come back from the previous night just to see J.T. and have him make them cocktails and recommend what they should have for dinner.. Grilled Octopus - YUMMY (4 people has it while I was there). I had the orecchiette pasta, it was really great and the portion size was perfect.. I love that you can order side dishes, salads, dinner and desert at the bar or in the main dining room, which is beautiful! . Such an amazing experience! Ask for Beluga Vodka, if you are into sipping on an amazing imported vodka from Russia. It is perfect chilled with a twist.
Now this is an exercise in restaurant grandeur, and Mario Batali and his wait staff here do not disappoint.  Walking by the restaurant in the Palazzo, you do not get the sense of impressiveness; it just looks like a little restaurant tucked away near the entrance of the casino.  However once the maitre'd starts walking you to your table in the main dining room....the experience begins.  I was belittledby the tall ceilings, soaring arches, artwork and the feeling of old Italia.  Even better is that the restaurant goes on forever, and you'll know what I'm talking about when you go to the restroom (private dining room after private dining room flanked by rustic wooden cabinets filled with bottles and bottles of wine as far as the eye can see.  Yeah, this is how they do it here, and it is no joke.  . . Let me state that I researched all the top Vegas restaurants before deciding to eat here, and so glad we did.  At Carnevino you're going to get the best of the best quality ingredients, and classic dishes prepared expertly.  I had the pre-theatre menu, going with the Tagliata di manzo (arugula salad topped with slices of Parmigianino and beef Carpaccio), the filet mignon (medium rare), and the gelati.  We also added in two pasta dishes we wanted to try, beef cheek ravioli and black truffle linguini .... and both were so amazing; pasta perfectly tender and flavors beyond comprehensible.  I would highly recommend trying the pasta -- portions are small so you could easily split one or two.  It just doesn't get any better than the filet at Carnevino.  Expertly prepared, it is as good as it gets.  The great part about the pre-theatre menu is that you get the same steak on the full menu for a fraction of the price.  The wine list is also beyond.  Had the Las Rocas Tempranillo to start, and then went with a full-bodied Italian for the steak.  . . Now for the service... In a word, top notch.  Our waiter was the most articulate and knowledgeable of ingredients, food, preparation I can remember.  He actually got us excited about the history of food...now that is a good waiter. . . In sum...Carnevino is an experience...so come planning to spend a lot of time having your meal.  My one regret is that we were on our way to a show so couldn't linger for longer. I've been to several of Batali's restaurants...Del Posto, Babbo, Lupa, and Carnevino is my favorite so far.  Don't miss this place.
My wife and I dined at Carnevino on our honeymoon, about 2 days after our Vegas wedding. It was her gift to me, knowing I was always looking for the "best steak I could ever find".. . When the steak came out we were ecstatic. The thing was beautiful before (a true tomahawk behemoth, featuring red, black and brown tones on the outside), and after carving (perfectly stacked and distributed by our server. Then topped with a bit of sea salt). It had all the fat, slight char, and concentrated beef flavor that I look for, but on a grand scale. Further, the excess bone, once carved off, was full of that great, succulent, aged ribeye bone meat. We were encouraged to pick the bone up and have our way with it (or "enjoy", as the ever-proper waitstaff would put it). The server even came over and took our picture while we attacked this thing like a couple of rabid dogs! Needless to say, those pics will be in our wedding album for generations to come. . . I live in Chicago, a true beef capital, and have eaten at steakhouses all over this city looking for the best. Never have I had an experience separate itself from the pack like that glorious ribeye for two at Carnevino. We will beback. . . One beef (no pun) though- barely not enough to dock a star - $28 for 2 Campari and Sodas. That's just unheard of. On the other hand, they charge just $10 for an Amaro Nonino. Get your prices right.  We were happy to pay the $142+ for just the steak for 2, but would have gotten our appertifs elsewhere if we knew we'd be getting screwed like that on such a simple, inexpensive drink.  . . . Overall though, I will dream about this steak until the day I return. That's really all you need to know about what you're going to get. Just use caution on your drink orders. Your bill's already going to be huge. Service was great too.
Carnevino is a fabulous (albeit really expensive) meal, especially if you make some good selections. My brother (the hard-core foodie) knew that the best steak, the reservo, is not on the menu. It had been hanging since late June (almost nine months), and our server Jim did a fabulous job of explaining the taste profile. He also suggested pairing it with a more traditional cut, both to provide a contrast and to cut the gamey taste of the older meat. For my two cents, the old stuff is great and has an element of ham in its taste...but that's just me. The appetizers and sides were fine but utterly uneventful, though the steak tartar was a touch better than that. Our first round of cocktails was solid but nothing special, but after the first round the bartender, Cooper, came to check up on us. He offered to make me something off-menu if I gave him a taste profile. He came back with an A+ concoction of amaro, orange bitters, orange vodka, ginger, and lemon. Highly recommended!. . My only complaint would be about pacing. For $200/person, I expect pacing for a 2-hour meal. As the appetizers were coming, I expressed this concern to Jim, and a 2-hour meal did, in fact, occur. Without intervention, though, I'm guessing 1 hr 15-30 minutes, which is too quick for a restaurant of this caliber.
Food is out of this world.  Very expensive but worth it. Try the grilled octopus!
I waited 2 years to get to Carnevino and I could not have had a better experience.  From arrival to departure... the music was fantastic and I was told that Mario Batali chooses the music for each location, great job Mario - nothing better then a fine bottle of wine  and incredible dry aged  rib eye for 2  as well as those marcarpone mashed potatoes while listening to Led Zep and the Chili Peppers.  Our waiter Guilio was amazing and his recommendations were spot on... octopus...yum...  Anyway well worth the wait and Carnevino will become a must for each Vegas trip....no doubt - not going to wait another 2 years!
It really is the best experience - service is spot-on, food is really impressive. . I had a Manhattan which was perfectly sweet up front with a manly kickback. . Table bread is a rosemary ciabatta served with seasoned lard which I have never had before and I almost sucked down the entire little pot of it. . Bison carpaccio was goddamn astounding, albeit a bit too small for two to share, but could be fine for just one. . Of course the filet side of the porterhouse is a lot softer than the strip side, it's good to eat the strip side first and finish with the filet. . They leave the bone at the table for you if you're so inclined to scrape down that really soft, red goodness... . OH, and the potatoes? With ricotta and the poached egg? I could have drank it like a milkshake. . We skipped dessert. We didnt want to wash out the flavoring of the aftertaste of 8 months of dry age. I just kicked back and enjoyed the assy taste of the back of my own teeth for a while. . . I absolutely will be returning.
I went Memorial weekend to celebrate my cousin's graduation and the rib-eye from Carnevino may have been one of the most memorable things... especially since I can't remember half of Saturday night.  Just like everyone said in their posts, the food is amazing here.  And I'd especially like to recommend that you request for their round table if you're going there with a large party.  The round table had this awesome embedded lazy Susan that makes it really nice to order family style and do  courses with a lot of variety.   I would LOVE to go back!
We went here for my Son's birthday and he picked the place. I usually don't go to steak houses when I go out to eat because it is something I can cook at home but this place was so good I would go again and again!! We both had the Beef tasting menu and each course was better then the last. The steak tasted like nothing I have ever tasted before it was awesome!!! The service was top notch also.
Let me start off by saying that I'm not rich, or some high roller. Just your average construction worker who wants to enjoy some great food while in Vegas. So when I heard dinner was going to be at Harrah's, well, I had to put an end to that real fast. No offense. We're on vacation. I wanted me some good steak! Two names kept coming up for best LV steaks: Carnevino (Mario Batali) and Cut (Wolfgang Puck).. . Carnevino is a nice place. Looked pretty fancy but they let me in. Nice people with good service. Lots of room and not crowded. Their Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye for 2 was the BEST STEAK I've ever had. Side dishes not my thing, but my dinner dates loved them. I'm more of a baked potato or fries kind of guy. They had a spinach salad, fried eggplant with tomato & ricotta, mascarpone & guanciale mashed potatoes, and some pesto (i think). Also had the Bone-In New York. Both delicious, but if I had to choose, definitely the ribeye.. . Make sure you don't get the table by the bull's ass!
I've read about this establishment via many reviews. Always wondering what a Mario Batali restaurant experience would be like, I earned the opportunity to visit Carnevino this past Thursday with a very well known international, "enthusiast," and his wife.. . I've been to Maestros and Strip Steak, both which were excellent, but this was in a completely different realm. . . I can't begin to tell you what we had, but there was virtually everything imaginable in front of us. The 9month aged bone-in rib eye, mashed potatoes, the amazing bread, steak tartar and consistent, "compliments of the chef," dishes kept pouring out.. . The service was excellent along with the entire management staff and of course, the food.. . I ordered the New York bone-in which was incredible. I also tasted some of the bone-in rib eye and the aged bone-in rib eye. Absolutely perfect.. . I don't want to go into more detail because I would be spoiling the possibility for someone to experience what we did, so I will leave it at that.. . Four hours later when we were finished and havingdigestif , the chef came out to chat with us. I'm sure it was due to the fact of who we were with.
High price, but out of all the upscale spots I've eaten at, this one actually seems worth the price. Food quality / service... satisfied. In the top three steak joints I've ever been to.
One of the best meals I've ever had. I'd recommend the bone in ribeye for two and starting with the raviolo.  Great room, great service, great food. Will definitely be back.
For me, this is the type of meal that is once in a lifetime. Maybe later in life I will have others that compare but this meal was truly memorable. . . I was so excited that we got to sit in the wine cellar at Carnevino, being that I LOVE RED WINE. It was so charming and swanky to be seated next to a stellar collection of wine. I'm sure that is mostly thanks to Joe Bastianich, Mario's partner for Carnevino. . . Anyways, onto the food. They give you a delicious loaf of WARM bread along with whipped butter and pork fat. I usually shy away from such decadence but we are talking MARIO BATALLI here!! I indulged...multiple times...throughout the night. This is what it's all about people! We decided to order 5 appetizer portions of pasta in lieu of steak, is that bad? If it is, I don't care because the pasta was the best pasta I ever ate. We had pork ragu, frutti de mare (seafood), and spicy tomato and basil. . . The wine list is expansive and impressive, not to be missed. Go and trust the waiters, they know their menu and are happy to talk it out with you. I loved every minute and Carnevino!
Best restaurant of any kind in Vegas. Dry aged beef to perfection, actually has a "silky" texture coming from the marbling. Creative,fresh, and seasonal desserts, drinks, and apps. Most knowledgeable, professional, and passionate staff you'll find.
There's a reason why this place is one of America's best steakhouses. Moving to Vegas from the Midwest was pretty tough for a steak-lover like me until that one summer night I went to Carnevino. Boy was it special and oh so memorable! You start off with ciabatta with lardo and butter on the side.  Followed by cheese puffs - soooo gooood. The flavorful dry-aged beef (that requires special treatment in aging process) carved right in front of you, sprinkled with sea salt and drizzled with olive oil...definitely no steak sauce required. I paired it with mashed potatoes with a fresh egg on top and ended my I-just-died-and-went-to-heaven meal with a goat milk panna cotta with summer berries.
This place was amazing, I have been to many nice restaurants and Steakhouses and none even come close to Carnevino. It was the best filet I have ever had AND the mashed potatoes with the poached egg were OUT OF THIS WORLD. I live in Northern California and would literally consider flying to Vegas for the day JUST to eat here. The service is classy and they are very attentive. I seriously cannot stop dreaming of the potatoes. Highly recommended!
I had the best steak I've ever had in my entire life at Carnevino.  I would say it's probably better than the notoriously expensive kobe beef that I've had in Japan, that's how good it was.. . It was the steak that made the night, I must admit, it was so amazing that I don't remember much of everything else.  Oh, I guess the foie gras and barolo that's LOADED with shaved truffle sure helped made my night, but it was the steak that totally blew my mind.  Did I mention that the steak was awesomely fantastic?. . Ok, the steak.  The reason why we went there was because my husband found out that Carnevino has some 9 months old died aged steak available.  If you do not already know, dry aging of beef in itself is already a rare practice, as the dry aging process actually shrink the meat by quite a bit.  And if the steak house do dry aging, 1 or 2 months is the maximum time that they would do it.  We were advised by the waiter that the restaurant would have lost about 50% of the meat by dry aging it for 9 months.  Anyhow, you can google that stuff yourself.  You order by picking the cut of meat (ribeye or striploin) and how thick you want it.  We ordered 2 inch of the ribeye which is about 30 oz bone-in.  The steak alone was about $230 (ouch) but boy was it good.  The taste is intense with melt in your mouth goodness.  It's actually very filling as well given how most of the moisture is gone and it's just lots of protein. . . Aside from the steak, everything else was good but nothing mind blowing. The restaurant decor is not as gorgeous as I would like it to be either, but I sure will return for the steak.
I stopped here last night after a business meeting.  I have heard so many great things about this place that I was dying to give it a try.. . After being seated, I was served hot rolls that came with a spread made out of lard, garlic and other spices...wow so goooood.. . For my dinner, I had the Spago, a pasta dish with Lamb Ragu.....Wow again, the pasta just melted in my mouth.  The pasta alone was freakin awesone!  Lastly, I had the 60-90 day aged NY Steak Strip...Wow again, this steak was outfuckingstanding!!. . So much flavor and so tender!!. . For desert, I had the panna cotta with fresh berries......an awesome re-freshing ending to my OUTSTANDING Steak Meal.. . The hot roll, Spago pasta, NY Steak and desert made me come in my pants twice!!. . A simple meal that was one of my best steak dinners ever!  Pasta and steak is a great combination that I wish was offered by more steakhouses.. . Throw in the dark woods, trendy furniture design, outstanding service and the cool tracks of rock/pop music and I want to come back again and again!. . One of my best dinners ever in LV and one of the best steakhouses in Vegas! . . Mario Batali rocks!!!
BEYOND AMAZING!!! I'm sorry, but if you remember your server's name at any restaurant, it was a absolutely terrific night.  My server was Brayden and he was an absolutely terrific server.  He didn't rush me when I was debating on what to get for wine - and trust me, I took about 45 minutes to decide, even with the help of the master sommelier, Michael.  The wine list was incredibly beautiful to look at, though my wallet and bank account cried at the prices.  But I found a beautiful Henry Fessy Beaujolais for $60 - which was incredibly delectable!. . I tried Carnevino in Las Vegas for my birthday week for the first time ever, and I am soooo glad I did.  The place is absolutely amazing!  The service was just right!  Brayden recommended the Octopus that my guest so happened to be eyeing.  I was so scared to try it, but my guest also wanted to try it and I am so glad I did.  The octopus had this lovely asian, spicy/sweet sauce on it with tender octopus that I didn't even think it was octopus!   It was seriously delicious and is definitely worth to try it out.  So don't be afraid to try it.  Trust me, it's absolutely WORTH TRYING!!. . My guest and I tried their ribeye for 2 people (each person is 72$) and is definitely worth the money.  They bring out this awesome fred flintstone chunk of meat to your tableside, cut it right there by your table into perfect symmetrical slices for 2 people, and then drizzle it with olive oil and sea salt - which by the way was so simple, but sooooooooooooooooooo incredibly DELICIOUS!!!! the ribeye was made to P.E.R.F.E.C.T.I.O.N. of Med. Rare, and my lovely choice of Beaujolais went magnificently well with the steak.  The bone is left for you to munch on, which of course was also a plus.  Each person gets about 10 oz (or more) of ribeye.  It honestly felt like a lot, and I couldn't even finish mine, so it has got to be 10 oz+, because I can only eat around 8 oz of steak.. . For dessert, we had the goat cheese panna cotta and something peanut butter dessert.  Honestly, when you've stuffed a good amount of meat into yourself and you're still aiming for dessert, go for the goat cheese panna cotta.  It was absolutely delicious, as if it wasn't made from goat cheese and incredibly light and refreshing... a perfect dessert for a perfect end of am incredibly delicious, magnificent birthday week night.  Really... B.E.S.T BIRTHDAY EVUUUR, and it was all thanks to Carnevino and Brayden!! THAAANK YOU!!!. . Note: this place closes incredibly late.  They have a late night menu as well.
Hypothetically, let's say you were on a carb free diet and I offer you one noodle off my  pasta entree. What's the harm in that -just one noodle?? PLENTY OF HARM, if we were dining at Carnevino. . . And so begins the tao of Spago - my favorite pasta dish of all time. Which is ironic, since Carnevino is praised for its......carne. . . While it may be one of the pricier restaurants in the Venetian/Palazzo compound, Carnevino lacks the sex and sparkle some of its neighboring hot spots like Lavo or even Bouchon have. Regardless, I had never been to a Mario Batali restaurant, and decided to take a chance.. . If Carnevino wasn't inside a Vegas Casino, one would be rather pleased with its general ambience. Not overly swanky, but not kitschy either - the dim steak house makes a great choice for a large group dinner or as in my case, dining solo. . . Sitting at the bar, I was given their Taverna menu - a shortened version of their regular offerings specifically for lunch or late night - but truthfully - there are no cost savings if you attempt to order off it.. . Since I was dining during dinner, I opted to order off the regular menu filled with several salads, appetizers, their high end aged steaks and handmade pastas. With about 10 pasta options, I found myself in a quandary - but went with the simplified Spago -  a bucatini type pasta with lamb ragu. Pretty basic......NOT.. . Minutes later, a 12 FOOT -  hand rolled noodle (not plural) "tangled" in a braised lamb and tomato stew stood before my big brown eyes. Alas, my "Lady and The Tramp" moment was here! The noodle was of the upmost quality with just enough "dente" - a perfect chew.  I could not get over how delectable this pasta was. Meanwhile, the lamb sauce was perfection with sizable shreds of tender lamb in a hearty tomato sauce. While this was no steak dish, even the appetizer portion had the "chops" to be a more than filling meal.. . I rounded out my meal with the grilled brocclini side (sans the ham) which proved to be the perfect accompaniment to a decadent dish seasoned with enough garlic to scare off even the skeeziest of creeps on the Vegas strip.. . The service at Carnevino was perfection down to the charistmatic waiter and his timing of my meal. I can't imagine returning to Vegas and not returning for my Spago entree.. . Bottom Line: If I were a Food Network Chef, you can count on me featuring Spago at Carnevino as "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: The Pasta Episode. GO GET TANGLED IN IT TODAY!
I would eat here everyday if my wallet would allow!. . I've been here 3 times and my favorites are:. . Carpaccio with arugula appetizer. Porterhouse for 2. Bucatini pasta. The wine pour with giant lead crystal glasses. . The carpaccio was perfect in taste, texture and size.  My girlfriend had a shrimp bigger than her hand! My favorite pasta is the Bucatini All'amatriciana, which I've had before at Lupa in NYC - my other favorite restaurant.  At Carnevino the pasta is priced as an appetizer size so you can get your fill without over doing it.  . . We ordered not the most expensive bottle of wine, but still the server poured our wine in the coolest way I've experienced:  He presented very large lead crystal glasses that he said were custom made in Czechoslovakia. He then proceeded to pour a small amount in one glass, swirl it around, then pour the same wine into the remaining glasses.  Because of the lead crystal, all the glasses glowed with a red hue!  The smell of the glasses was amazing.  Finally, he poured a serving into each glass.  Even though we selected a cheaper bottle of wine, the service was a nice touch and the wine tasted (and smelled) amazing.  . . Now for the best part - the porterhouse for 2 arrives on a cart and is carved table side.  The portions easily would feed 4 people if that was all they ate.  We were a table of 3 and still took leftover steak home.  The quality of the meat was perfect (I eat a lot of steak) and the preparation was as simple as salt, pepper and olive oil.. . Yes, this place is pricey - but i came in expecting great service and exceptional food and I left with a wow.
Thanks a lot Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich for my complimentary steakhouse blinders!  I haven't been able to stop raving about the entire dinner to my friends, family, peers, and frankly anyone who I can make green with envy.  We've been to a few other well established steakhouses on the Las Vegas strip, but you know when you've decided to go all out for a nice, fancy meal, you may or may not be like me and search "number one _______ restaurant in Vegas" just to see what the consensus is out there.  Such was the case for our most recent adventure in Sin City and Carnevino outranked the rest on many sites so we gave it a try.  . . The kind service was what we noticed first and no, we don't mean from our waiter (yet).  We were set to fly in on 9/11/12 around 16:00 and what was supposed to be a quick 48 minute flight turned into our 21:00 dinner reservation being canceled last minute and us RUNNING to catch a Cirque show we already had tickets to at 22:30 because we didn't arrive until 20:30 to our hotel.  Turns out we decided to fly on the one day Las Vegas and its surrounding areas had flash flood warnings and torrential down pour crazy enough to practically rain out the Bellagio fountain show.  We kept pushing back our reservations for dinner first from 19:00 to 20:00, then to 21:00 with a possibility of 21:30.  Either way, the hostesses were super sweet and courteous about the entire debacle and helped us feel like our safety was actually important to them too!  We ended up making another reservation a few days later and luckily were able to make it then. . . We were greeted warmly and were promptly seated in a well lit area (a part of me cries when it's so dim in a restaurant that you can't see your own hand in front of you let alone the food they expect you to blindly put in your mouth as a result).  Our waiter Chris (I'm going to play the race card and say that he was Asian because he deserves some great recognition for his dedication and integrity - RAN out to find us on the Palazzo gaming floor to correct a discrepancy on our check - and frankly with a name like Chris, how else can we describe the guy?!) shows up and we have a great conversation about the menu and he gives us some time to decide after offering up a few of his own suggestions.  I cannot stress enough that it was a CONVERSATION about the menu and not some long drawn out, pretentious lecture about the food which is not fun to say the least. . . Obligatory bread service? Yes.  . . Obligatory butter on the side? Yes. . . .........oh I forgot to mention the heavenly lardo that is served with it.  It almost hurts to talk about it and not be able to access it until our next adventure to Vegas...literally hurts.  Pardon me while I zone out for a moment reminiscing about the sexiness that is the lardo spread on a freshly baked piece of bread..... . We decide on:. . Insalata Romana with a sweet garlic dressing = nice and light with lots of radicchio (a little more bitter than I'm used to). . Spaghetti ai Frutti di Mare = check with your server about the size of the plate - it was enough for two to share, MAYBE three as an appetizer.  How can you go to a Batali affiliated restaurant and NOT have any pasta right?  This dish was slightly spicy with clams, giant shrimp, lobster, and calamari....oh and I forgot it was cleared away with a piece of my soul. *Sigh*. . Dry aged bone-in Ribeye for 2 = at $144, it was well worth the interrogation we gave Chris about how it was cooked.  We had read reviews that at Carnevino they generally under cook their meat and as a 'medium rare' type of girl myself and my boyfriend a 'medium' aficionado himself, after a patient round of "it's your birthday babe, it's your choice" and "no, no I'm okay with whatever" we settled on medium and it was absolutely perfect for the both of us.  I'd almost recommend that to anyone and everyone since having one of these cuts of meat as 'well done' is just plain WRONG.  To clarify - this gorgeous cut of meat (and I don't mean my boyfriend for once) required no sauce of any kind in my humble opinion.  . . Mascarpone Guanciale mashed potatoes = served with a raw egg yolk on top and stirred in with the hot potatoes at the table it will make you seriously consider if you ever need to try any other kind of mashed potatoes ever again.  In fact, I've pretty much convinced myself that all other mashed potatoes are merely impersonators and they only reason we can't have mascarpone guanciale mashed potatoes EVERY day is because of the cholesterol intake from the egg yolk.  Please don't take this away from me.... . "Creamed" corn with lime and picked chilies = described as a seasonal item, it wasn't so much the typical creamed corn that one might be used to - hence the quotation marks made sense.  Still delicious. . . Running out of space to type...all I can say is you deserve to go at least once in your lifetime.  Now, be a little spontaneous, pick up the phone and GO!!
We love this place!  Second time and everything was perfect!. We didn't want to waddle out like last time so we paced ourselves.. Started with the speck and mozzarella appetizer.  Creamy and delicious!. Follwed by the orecchiete with sausage, amazing!. Then we went separate meat dishes, bone in ribeye for one and myself bone on new york steak.  sides were the roasted beets and mashed potatoes with poached egg and bacon...  Buttery, creamy and so flavorful!  The steaks were prepared perfectly!  . The sommelier paired a couple glasses with our pasta and meat dishes and it was the best wine for the food we could imagine!  Dessert was pumpkin steam cake with pecans in a syrup so seasonally perfect and sweet! and my hubby had the panna cotta which he loved and wasn't too sweet.  . Our waiter was aweseome!  Very attentive, friendly and helpful with the menu.. We will be back again and again!
Beyond all expectations.  If you allow your knowledgeable and helpful staff to make recommendationsit will double the already positive experience of great food and great wine.
Their 9 month dry age steak is pure heaven. That steak alone makes Carnevino my favorite steak house above all others.. . They only serve this gift from the gods a few months out of the year, and its not on the menu, I think the oldest on the menu is 3 months... pssht... 3 months, I have leftovers in my fridge older than that... 9 months is the money maker, I did ask if they had anything older... like 9 years, the waiter looked at me and said, "no". . . Anywhoo, back on track... So, just simply ask for their "reserve" steaks. I can't remember exactly, but i think this is only available Nov - Feb (or around that, give or take a month or 2). I went once in July and they only had about 5 months... /sigh /sadpanda. . I would say all their other steaks are still good, and for me around the same quality as Mastro's, Alexanders, Morton's, Ruth Chris, STK, Delmonico, etc. but that 9 month dry aged is magical, so much flavor that I can't come to vegas and not go to this happiest place on earth. . . The best way to do this is to go in a group and order a few steaks, no all the dry aged unless you're just ballers (if you are btw, let's be friends) and share it family style, the steaks are pretty big, and of course pretty expensive (around $250 for the 9 months... yikes... company expensed dinner time... cha ching!). . . I haven't found anywhere else that dry ages steak as long as this place does, without you having to go to the hospital after, and although pricey, its worth every penny, the taste is unmatched.
I have been to allot of great steakhouses across the country , Carnevino rank up there with the best.. Started with the clams, the broth was so good we almost drank from the bowl.. With has the bone in New York with a side of lobster. The steaks was dry aged and cooked to perfection. It was tender and full  of flavor. It was truly one of the BEST steaks I ever had.. We also has the corn with chili peppers , it was good, but the real superstar was the mashed potatoes, served with bacon and egg. We thought it was the BEST mashed potatoes we ever had.. The fresh bread rounded out a great meal.. Service was amazing.. I will be back real soon.
Had a nice business meeting.  Steak was amazing...was running late for a flight and still stayed long enough to finish every bite before jetting out...yum!
Omg omg omg. . . Mario Batali, sir, you are an amazing amazing man. . . Went for a friend's birthday. Upon looking at the menu, I was struck that the food only took up one page while the wine list took up about 10. My kind of place. We were talked into ordering the $72 a person cut of dry aged rib eye. Also we ordered the lamb ragu, plate of jamon iberico (Viva Espana!), cauliflower au gratin and potatoes. . . Our meal started with the amazing rosemary scented rolls served with butter and bag fat. Mmmm bag fat. The lamb ragu consisted of handmade pasta and was delightful. . . Now for the steak. OH MY WORD. MAMMA MIA! Apparently, it's been voted best steak in the nation. I was skeptical but man oh man was it amazing. Tender, melt in your mouth awesomeness. The sides were pretty good but it was definitely all about the dry aged bone in rib eye. . . It was hard to believe we even had room for dessert but we split the tiramisu. Yum yum. . . When looking at the menu, I felt the prices were steep for pasta and steak but it was definitely worth every penny. The staff were awesome especially our server Helen.
Superb restaurant with great service.  Ended up getting seated right next to the ginormous bull which made for some interesting dinner conversation but it was all part of the fun.  We tried the meat flight and each course was delicious.  I will definitely come back when next in Vegas!
### (11/12/2012) ### : I got a chance to reserve the NY Strip riserva since they didn't have a ribeye.  I figured it's still a good steak.  Boy was I wrong.  It was an AMAZING steak! Even since eating at Peter Luger's over 12+ years ago I have always been comparing almost all steakhouses to PL and none has ever come close.... well, maybe just one or two bites of the steak.  . . Today, everything has changed.  I'm sorry to say that Peter Luger has been dethroned by Carnevino.  The only problem is Carnevino is on the other side of the coast!!!  Oh well... I'm going to try in the few days I have left to get the ribeye riserva.  Every bite was good and so flavorful.. . I tried one of the sauce (CV steak sauce) but the steak was so good I couldn't bear to dip it.  . . The bread with lardo and cured port fat was interesting but I still prefer good old butter.  I also had the chopped salad which was ok but nothing to brag home about.  If you want good chopped salad try the one from Outback (yes, I said Outback for the salad only).. . ### Update 1 (11/13/2012) ### : It was so good I went again today.  I opted for the 1 1/2" instead of the usual 1" Riserva NY Steak.  I was a bit disappointed even the steak tasted great it was more overcooked than what I would like which is a medium rare more on the rare side.  The cut was also different. Yesterday's cut was closer to a T-Bone.  Today was just one side of the bone. Maybe because it was custom cut that they got it from a different end.  In anycase, it still tasted great but mostly toward the end where it was closer to medium rare by the bone.  Probably because it was so thick they couldn't cook it right?  I have 2 more days left in Vegas so I'll be going there probably two more times.  That goes to show how good it tastes and will write updates.  I hope during the next two days that a ribeye does come in.  I'm really looking forward to that cut!
Phenomenal dinner - the duo of the 3-month aged ribeye for two alongside the Reserve dry-aged ribeye (for us, 7 months) is a symphony of beef. Very good service and a great list of Italian wines round out a great dining experience.
My lips quivered when I took the first bite from the 60 day aged New York Strip. That's all I have to say about that.
Even my MOM was impressed with Carnevino...and that's a high standard to meet.. . We came here with a group of 7. The GM came out and personally greeted us at the hostess stand when he heard our party had arrived. They had a beautiful table set up all the way in the back of the restaurant (through the wine cellar room, which I thought would have been a cool place to sit as well). With very high ceilings and paintings on the wall, the back room felt like we were in someone's old world castle. It was quiet, romantic and I loved the ambiance. Needless to say, service was absolutely impeccable. . . Some of us started with bellinis. The chef also sent out some complimentary apertifs. Our food order was massive:. . Appetizers:. -Caprese salad. -Stracciatela (proscuitto and mozz). -Grilled octopus served over octopus sashimi (my FAVORITE, the grilled octopus really was perfectly prepared and so tender). -Steamed clams (the broth was soooo amazing). -Lobster with the tail served sashimi style. . Pasta:. -Garganelle bolognese (Because I was craving some sort of spicy pasta I requested the bolognese sauce to be made spicy and the chef added a very nice amount of heat). -Orrechiette . -Beef agnolotti. . Entrees:. -Dry aged bone-in ribeye (for 2 people) this thing was massive, I will upload a pic. We took the gigantic bone home for my Mom's teacup malteses. So spoiled.. -Filet mignon. -Lamb chops. -Bison (available on their special menu). *Note that the meat prepared at Carnevino is prepared a little less than requested. For example, if you request medium rare, it will come out closer to rare.. . Sides:. -Spinach. -Mashed potatoes. -Butternut squash. -Cauliflower gratin. -Porcini mushrooms. . I tried little bites of everything. We were all so full that dessert could not even be considered. The service and food were absolutely outstanding and I can't wait to experience Carnevino again soon.
I'm transferring my old reviews to yelp. I was here a year ago.. we loved it! all of Mario's places are great. i had a huge prawn, delicious.. it was meatless Monday but I couldn't help myself and had a big piece of steak.. please don't tell Mario. The staff was very nice ( we gave the feedback to Mario) and.  the decor was also nice. I took a picture next to the bull but I don't how load it here.. Thank you!
quite possibly the best steak i have ever eaten. it was unbelievable. the pasta with shaved truffle works too. as these were so noteworthy, i can't remember the apps.
I always hit a steakhouse when I travel, and I have been to a lot of the big names around the country, and most of the big ones in the Valley.  But, the BEST steak I have ever eat is at Carnevino:  the reserve ribeye.  Dry-aged 6-8 months, it's a decadent explosion of beef flavor.  It has truffle/blue cheese notes to it, but is not offputting in any way.  It's not always available, one time I went I had to get the dry-aged t-bone.  This is another EXCELLENT steak, but it does not hold a candle to the reserve.  It's sad to think I'm ruined on other steaks at such a young age..... . The wine list is expansive but pricey, as is the menu in general.  The 4 times we have been, service is excellent.  The servers are friendly, attentive, but not overbearing.  And, they are very knowledgeable.  . . The mushroom/onion side dish has been my favorite, it's maybe the best mushroom dish I have had at a steakhouse.  The potatoes with guanciale are also a winner (this is the dish other yelpers have mentioned that has the egg).. . You are going to pay for it (the reserve was $108 per inch last time I had it), but you will also have a memorable meal, no matter how much wine you drink...
We came here for lunch during one of our monthly Vegas jaunts. I have 2 words: steak sandwich! OMG, this was the most delicious sandwich I have ever eaten. Seriously. My boyfriend tried to take it!! His food was really good too, but this sandwich was UN-freaking-believeable! I'm talking last meal on earth kinda shit, it was THAT good! Carnevino does it right!! . . Great, I'm salivating now...
Went here on a business trip with 4 others on Valentines Day.  Had late reservations so place wasn't packed by time we got there.  The service was very friendly.  Took a while to get food considering it wasn't packed, but, what can you expect on V-day?  . . Three of us shared the ribeye for 2 and lamb-chops.  We had the calamari which was good, but, not great along with another appetizer I can't remember (I was pretty intoxicated lol.)  The sides were good, but, nothing crazy.  . . The real treat here was the meat.  I've had lamb before, but, nothing that I would pay that kind of money for.  These, on the other hand were amazing.  Best lamb I can imagine cooked perfectly medium-rare.  The ribeye was excellent as well.  Perhaps a bit under-cooked, but, great flavor.  It was a much better cut of meat than the ribeye I had the previous night at STK in Cosmo.  Meal was very expensive, but, worth it to try once.
GET THE BEEF CHEEKS! It's off menu but its one of the best pastas I've ever had!. . P.S ask for MJ as your server! He's great & really knows his stuff.
Always a spot on our trips to Vegas, and certainly not disappointed.. . Three of us at the bar had a latest dinner and put our faith in the staff (Thanks Cooper and Josh) to pick food for us.. . Started with perfect steak tartare, grilled octopus that again was done perfectly (no easy feat to not under or over cook).. . There was some beef cheek ravioli, and finished with a bison bone in ribeye that they sliced up for us to share and was cooked and seasoned perfectly.. . Wow, great wine list - super hot hostesses although I wouldn't ask them a question again...
In between a $24,000 bottle of French Burgundy and sucker-tipped octopus tentacles, you can find a twenty-ounce pork chop as juicy as a piece of fresh watermelon.  They cut the steak in front of you like an 1890s public hanging, only you don't turn away but watch in drooling anticipation.  It is like the finale of The Crucible, only John Proctor (Daniel Day-Lewis) is not on the chopping block here.  An anonymous cow is.  The steak bone, like the business end of a professional hockey stick, is presented to you on a plate three-sizes too small, all for you to marvel at or be repulsed by while you begin that main course.. . Diners include venture capitalists in tailored suits with trophy girlfriends and t-shirt and jeans tourists from Branson, Missouri.  A drink at the bar before your meal is not a bad idea just to acclimate yourself to the idea of dining fine.. . Is it ethically, morally, socially wrong to pay $46 for a pork chop?  No.  Because it is not wrong to eat and eat here you must.. . Good luck.
I'm a huge fan of steak; in fact, if it mooed at one time, I pretty much will want some part of that beast in my mouth.. . Before you bother to look at the one- and two-star reviews for Carnevino, let me just say that if you choose to dine here, the only steak you should consider ordering is the Steak Fiorentino for two, prepared medium rare.  It's absolutely heavenly.  They carve it off the bone for you tableside, and it offers you two different cuts of beef:  half filet, half porterhouse.   Yes, it's a hefty $140 for just this dish, but you're not going to find a better quality meat anywhere.
Get the All'Amatriciana.. Lardo is the best (delicately smooth and melted over the fresh baked bread).. Traditional Mario Batali execution and flavor profiles abound.
Definitely a splurge but worth every arm and leg that got cut off after we got the check.. . Amazing service, and most plates are served to share amongst the table. Order your steak/meat and add sides on separately. It will be a lot of food to share, expect left overs.. . Ordered the Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye... and holy mother of Palazzo... it was huge and delicious. The most amazing steak I've had in my entire life. Don't you dare ask for A1 sauce.. . Can't wait to go back and break the piggy bank again!
Things have changed a bit at Carnevino since the first time I went.  It's still a top notch steakhouse but if and only if you come in prepared and knowing what to order and not order.  . . I've had the pleasure of dining here a few more times and this is what I can say for sure:. . - Only go if you're ordering the riserva (call ahead), the dry aged bone in ribeye for 2 or the Florentine porterhouse for 2.  I usually go with the ribeye.  Sure it's more than the usual steak but no one should be coming here to pinch pennies.  Which leads to my next suggestion.... . - Don't be a cheap ass.  Outback is at Casino Royale next door.  There's nothing wrong with being frugal but your experience won't be good if you're trying to do it here.  . . - The sauces are a waste of time.  You don't need it if the steak is awesome.  . . - The filet mignon quality has changed since they opened and I don't think it's worth ordering anymore.. . - Think of the pasta as an appetizer to share among friends or just a pricier side dish.  They are not dinner entree portions and don't bother ordering it if that's your plan.  B&B is just on the other side at Venetian and you'd have a better experience there.  That being said, I REALLY like the Ricotta and Egg Raviolo with brown butter and get it almost every time I go.  The Spago is excellent as well.  . . - What's even better than great meat for an entree?  Great meat for an appetizer!!  The PROSCIUTTO DI PARMA 'RISERVA' is heavenly.  One order is good for 4.  . . - This isn't a very romantic spot.  The music is mostly rockin and the tables are positioned a little weird with that middle section making you feel like you're dining in a hallway. . . God bless Mario Batali!!
Unfair.  Inexorable torture.  I have been to the edge and floated beyond it.  I cry. I weep.  I sit in silence, staring at the blank keyboard in maim attempt to conjure a worthy description of what was by far the very best food I have ever tasted in my entire life, from several appetizers, two types of pasta, steak, several sides, paired wines, and grappa to finish.  Everything about this place was painfully perfect.  I shall never yelp again.. . -Never coming down.. . . PS. As to the other reviews; no idea what they're talking about.  Service was spectacular; amiable and on point.  Atmosphere is an airy and refreshing change to the run of the mill dark and stuffy steakhouse.  And sorry if you don't like popular upbeat music????? And yes, if you can't afford it, please don't go.  There's too many outstanding things on that menu.  I've never been so impressed in my life.
Incredible food in multiple courses in a warm, elegant setting with fantastic wine selections and phenomenal service. There is such a variety of food options, each exquisitely prepared with the finest and freshest ingredients.  My sister and I had a wonderful dining experience and will definitely be back.
The staff was friendly and attentive without being overbearing.  The staff was classy, but still made us feel right at home.  High end restaurant, but casual.  All dishes are Ala Carte.  . . My friend & I had the Ribeye steak (Aged 3-4 months) for two ($72/person).  I included the mashed potatoes with a poached egg and bacon as my side.  The steak was presented Tomahawk style and then sliced evenly between my friend and I.  The steak was prepared perfectly and tasted great.  The waiter encouraged me to finish the rest from the bone by hand.  I did and it was awseome.  The Poached Egg and Mashed Potatoes were suprisingly very good.   You take a fork to open the egg that is set atop of the mashed potatoes and mix it into the potatoes. . . My wife had the New York Steak.  It was not as tender as the Ribeye, but was were very flavorful.  . . The only flaw and it's a minor one; the life sized cow at the entrance inside.  The rear of the cow buts (No pun intended) onto the first table.  So at least one guest will have a cow's rear end right besides them during dinner.  . . It you want a great tasting dry-aged steak, visit Carnevino.  But be prepared to open your pocketbook.  As prices are steep, yet not as steep as other high end steakhouses.
Words can't describe this place.....
One of the most unique steakhouses in Vegas offering a rare culinary delight:  MONTHS aged dry aged beef.. . Read on, I promise not to talk about what the process really is.. . Called "Riserva", the once USDA prime beef is aged six to 11 months before being trimmed and served.  The result is unlike "younger", 30-75 day dry aged beef.  The shorter aged steaks retain a beefy texture, very tender with a pronounced nutty, bleu cheese aroma and flavor with a massive umame finish.  The months aged beef, think prosciutto.  Broiled rare to mid rare at a low temperature.  There is no thick outer crust.  The flavor is mild and nutty with only the hint of bleu cheese aroma.  The beef is dense and oily.  It has a very different mouth feel.  It is extremely sweet.  Amazing but not for everyone.. . Tip:  Request the "Riserva" steaks when making reservation.  The amount of aging doesn't matter.  The piece is selected when it has reached the correct characteristics.. . Traditional dry aged steaks are excellent.  The rib eye and porterhouse both possess the classic umame packed dry aged goodness.  Excellent sear, tender and juicy.  Both steaks are meant to be shared.  If dining alone, both the bone in New York strip and Bone in filet mignon offer the same experience as the porterhouse in a more manageable 16oz portion.. . All steaks are rubbed with rosemary before cooking.  It imparts a strong, woodsy flavor that enhances the sweetness of the beef.. . Not into aged beef?  The 20oz bone in veal chop is excellent.  Natural, pasture raised veal, it has a light beef flavor with a soft texture.  It's dry rubbed with thyme and porcini powder that imparts a very flavorful earthy goodness.  A drizzle of fresh olive oil adds the perfect richness.. . For starters, the fried calamari, "Shrimp alla Diavola", and Bucatini Amatriciana are excellent but why fill up.  You can get these at Batali's Italian eatery, B&B Ristorante.. . The restaurant captures the spirit of Italy, an enjoyable, casual, jovial evening.  Don't go with an elegant stick up your, you know.  The bread will make your hands oily and gnawing the bone is encouraged.. . Bravo!
zomg!  . . this beef is simply the best that i've ever had.  there are apparently only three restaurants in the world that stock this beef and carnevino is one of them.  our waiter, like all LV waiters very strongly pushed a few dishes, but we were glad he did.  we had the beef cheek pasta and the bolognese dish, both were sumptuous with the perfect amount of bite in the pasta.  . . let's talk about the beef.  don't be daunted by the choices on the menu.  we wanted ribeye, but not the ribeye for two, which was definitely bigger than my head with my arm attached.  our waiter told us about a ribeye for ONE which we absolutely wanted.  . . how do i describe it?  we ordered it medium rare, and it looked red, but not bloody.  it truly was perfectly cooked.  the fat on the meat was so flavorful.  the texture was amazing.  i routinely buy grassfed, pasture raised organic beef and it does not even come close to this.  if you have a chance, PLEASE go to carne vino. you will not be disappointed. . . (other things that were great--the service, the sides were okay, extensive wine list)
Great service, nice ambiance, awesome octopus and a standard steak for the price you pay for it. For me, the steak was the weakest part of the meal, but by no means does that mean that it was bad. In fact, it was excellent, just nothing new. . . The highlight was the grilled octopus, soft and full of flavor. I also tried the gnocchi and yellow tail, both which were great, but not octopus level. . . We ordered a side of mashed potatoes, which came with a "super egg" as it was described to us. Apparently the chicken is only given a diet of flax seed and chrysanthemum flower. Whatever.. mixed into the potatoes it was awesome.
Classic fine dining. Pricey but well worth the cost for the amazing service and delightful food! Try the scallops in the blood orange sauce!
Ultra nice, excellent food and the largest wine list Ive ever seen...service was unbelievable.
This is a place that's known for steak, so that's what I came here to try.. . From previous recommendations, we ordered the beef cheek ravioli and the bone-in Ribeye for 2.. . I'm going to keep this review short and simple:. . Beef cheek ravioli:  This aloneis enough reason to come here.  It's an off-menu item that should definitely be on the menu!  The pasta is cooked so perfectly as well while the beef cheek stuffing is so rich and flavorful.. . Ribeye for Two:  We chose to have the ribeye cooked medium rare and it was cooked to perfection!  And with regards to seasoning and higher quality cuts of meat, less is definitely more.  They cut and serve the ribeye tableside while only finishing it off with a little bit of sea salt and olive oil to bring out the beef's natural flavors.  This was about 32 oz worth of meat and I had no problems finishing off my portion since it was so delicious.. . It's definitely a little bit on the pricier side, but if you've got a special occasion then treat yourself here!
YUM!  I had my rehearsal dinner here this past weekend.  There were 10 of us at the table and the service was impeccable.  . . I ordered the creamy mashed potatoes with mascarpone cheese and a poached egg with bacon as a side. I will forever want an egg in my mashed potatoes from now on.  I also had the seafood pasta dish that had an entire lobster claw in it (the best meat around)!  . . I highly recommend the mint chip gelato for dessert, and the peach bellini for a drink.  . . Everyone enjoyed their dinner!  I would eat here again.
My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs). . Go or No?  GO!!!!. . Tease:   Iron Chef, Mario Batali's Italian Steakhouse is known to be one of the best there is.. . Why I went:  Because it just may be the best!. . When:  11/17/12. . Food:  We pretty much scrapped appetizers realizing that we wanted to be "all in" on the main course!  My wife and I were joined by 2 friends, and opted for a nice Nebbiolo wine for the table (Brandini).  It was reasonably priced at $30/bottle.  Very reasonable considering some of the other prices on the wine list!  Despite being directed to pricier bottles, my wife stuck to her guns, and kept the Nebbiolo.  I'm sure the sommelier had great ideas, but we just wanted to keep our drink costs reasonable.  For sides, we got the beef cheek raviolis (...simply melt in your mouth delicious!  They were perfectly cooked with a nice rich sauce.), broccoli, cauliflower, and market beans.  We needed some vegetables to balance out the meats to come!  The vegetables were all prepared simply and were tasty.  Having has some steak recently, my wife opted for the lobster, and she was thoroughly impressed.  It was prepared spot on, and presented well.  However, the star of the show is the steak!  Our friends got the rib-eye to share.  At $72, it's pricey...but SO worth it.  They were kind enough to share a bit with me, and it was spectacular!  I forget the exact size, but it was huge!  I got the house dry aged NY steak.  I had it prepared black & blue based on a discussion with our waiter.  He directed me well!  The steak was just superb!  Honestly, THE BEST NY CUT I'VE EVER HAD!  After all the wonderful mains and sides, we had no room for dessert.  The dessert was the steak!. . Service:   Excellent!  Our waiter, Gary C. simply rocked.  He explained everything in full detail and was happy to answer any questions.  All the bussers, hosts, and all were simply great.  The sommelier was also nice and knowledgeable, but we felt a little too much of a push for pricier bottles despite telling him that our price range was.  Not rude at all, but just a wee bit pushy.  However, that wasn't remotely a distraction from the wonderful overall services we had. . . Hints/Final thoughts:  Carnevino is arguably the best steakhouse in America.  I have been on 3 occasions, and every time it delivers flawlessly.  It is costly, but so worth every penny.
Impeccable service. Amazing atmosphere. Incredible food. . . The company I was with had pretty tame tastes in cuisine, so I had to go straight to the beef. The bone-in ribeye for 2 was by far the most amazing steak I've ever had... Something about the olive oil and sea salt drizzled over the steak after carving seemed so simple, yet it invigorated every taste bud at first bite.  . . This is definitely at the top of my to-do list the next time I'm in Vegas!  Kudos to Bastianich and Batali for creating such a masterpiece!
This place is soooo yummy!! me and my husband always stop by and have their cheese platter with their great tasting wines! the meat, cheese and wine selection is great!!
I am a fan of Joe Bastianich and Mario Batali, so when I walked by this restaurant in Vegas, I had to try it. The restaurant seating was full, so my husband and I opted to sit in the bar for a small late night dinner.. . The restaurant is nicely decorated and the staff is friendly. The service was a little slow, but we were seated in the bar area, so I'm not surprised. We had the ravioli with brown sage butter and the beef agnolotti. The ravioli was superb - seriously, I have never had anything like that before. It's an appetizer so it was just one large ravioli, but it was beautifully plated and was the perfect balance of salty sweet. Very unusual, and very delicious.. . The beef agnolotti was also excellent. The filling was rich and tender, the pasta was well cooked, and the sauce was simple and delicious.. . I wish we were hungrier so that we would have tried their steaks and sides. If the two dishes we had were any indication about the rest of their menu, I am sure it will be a delicious meal. I can't wait to go back.
We had a 5 hour layover in LV, and went for lunch. CarneVino did not disappoint, and we would go back there again for lunch.. . Steak tartare - Solid. Milder in flavor than others, but it works nicely. Good quality beef, that's for sure.. . Spago - It's neat because it's a 12 foot noodle in one piece. Lamb ragu sauce was great. We used some bread to soak it in. :). . Bread was very soft on the inside with a nice crust. I'm not a bread lover, but this... mmmm... They also had a butter spread, as well as a pig fat spread. I actually liked the butter more, surprisingly.. . Service was fantastic. Haven't had better service anywhere, really. We had a "limoncello" made of blood orange instead of lemon to finish the meal. So much better than limoncello.
I don't give out 5 stars, but this was the best meal I have had in my life! It had all three components of a great experience, amazing atmosphere, fantastic food, superior service!! Yeah, it was pricey, but I would gladly pay it again for a meal like that. . . I am a real lover of tiramisu, and order it anywhere I go that has it.  I can honestly say that this was by far the best tiramisu I've EVER had! It wasn't the norm, but still blew all others away. The only reason I think about going back to Vegas is to have that dish.
this has been one of the best steakhouses I have been too. Its Obvious the prices are very high but its Vegas and everything is overpriced. The bone in rib eye for 2 was insanely good. I went this past Fridaynight and I couldnt have been happier. The scallop app and shrimp app was very tasty and cooked to perfection. The steak was med rare and it came out that perfect. The side of marscapone mash was one of the best i ave ever had. Decor inside was great and the wait staff was on top of everything.
Absolutely wonderful!! Took my wife for her birthday dinner. Were greeted by this server who has the most luscious beard in aall of vegas. Mind you he is not even that old. We try their grilled octopus which was cooked to perfection and their steak is simply phenomenal.. . I tried their linguine al fruite di mare which did not dissapoint with the grreat portion of seafood. Just too little of a pasta I guess.. . Great dessert combination and wonderful service. Absolutely must try for those of you who like to wine and dine.
So why oh why is this place so poorly rated?! My boyfriend had to practically drag me here after reading the reviews on this place. When we arrived we were seated in a vaulted ceiling dining room with some old world type of decor. There is def a theme of bulls and beef all over this place. Our server Julio was awesome! He explained the menu and made a few recommendations. We over ordered as usual and started with the scallops appetizer. It was really REALLY good. Had a minty, limey (is that a word?) tang to it! Seared to a perfect crispy crust and a juicy center! My boyfriend is a huge fan of beef tar tar. I personally can't get over the fact it's raw. He ordered it and nearly ate every last bite! I also opted for a chopped salad which I honestly could of done without. It wasn't really anything special in my book. Since it is an Italian steakhouse we had to order a pasta dish. Our server told us of two specials and we went with a beef filled ravioli. YUMmmmyyyy! It had this truffle sauce with a basil topping....I could of had that for my whole meal!! Just went we were starting to feel full and mind you a little tipsy from wine, our baby came out! A shared 30/40 oz bone in ribeye which was cut and dived up table side by a guy who liked like he could carve up just about anything with a butter knife. Talk about skill! To be honest I like my steak a little more cooked than what came out but the end pieces were perfect for me! My boyfriend cleared his plate and I took a stab at the bone. There was some crispy delightful little pieces that clung to the bone for dear life. It's needless to say that they did not live for long! We finished with some port wine and a chocolate peanut butter torte. It was like a candy bar on steroids! I've used the word yummy way to many times in this review but the words to describe what it tasted like escape me as my mouth remembers that full flavor. We ended with some desert wine which was great but I can't remember the name of it. Over all I was impressed with the service, the decor was kinda whatever but the food was really memorable! We spent a good 3 hours dining and I enjoyed every part of it! Highly recommend this place!!
Stupidly great food. Killer wine list. Beautiful room. Superb service.  . What's not to love?
A-MAZING! My husband took me to CV for my birthday (in June) and it was perfection!! The service was top-notch, the ambiance was upscale, but comfortable (they had Beck on really low, which was such a cool background selection), and the food...the food was fantastic!!! We started with octopus and cocktails, then spaghetti frutti di mare, we shared the magnificent, outrageous, perfectly seasoned and cooked ribeye for two accompanied by mashed potatoes, and then a lovely dessert sampler. Don't even bother with the sauce options-they were good (we got Borolo and truffle) but not even necessary; the steak was outstanding. Insane wine list, which we didn't delve in to, still a good by-the-glass selection too.
Carnevino has some of the best food in the city without a doubt.  The Ricotta and Egg Ravioli with Brown Butter is probably my favorite appetizer in the city.  . . Everything is good here, but the Lambs chops are my favorite.  They are cooked the way they are supposed to be, all the fat oozing and gristling (if that's a word) in with the meat to make for some super juicy stuff.  . . They have full service at the bar, and that's where I recommend going.
I won't bore you with details or bad grammar...I've been here 4 times and have had the reserva real ribeye(240 day aged) everytime...coming for a restaurant owner and chef,this is by far the best steak experience I have ever had... hands down, the best....service,music and atmosphere are kick ass...if you are wanting a TRUE steak experience I highly recommend...if not,got to your typical steak joint that is available at every casino...Overall- Good Pull
5 stars for our bartender Cooper and our food! This is my second time here and I can't wait to come back. We sat at the bar and we got the blood orange Cosmo which was delicious and strong. And then we had calamari which was so lightly breaded and tender with spicy marinara sauce. It was delicious especially their complimentary dinner roll that came with some type of garlic butter and home made butter. Cooper was amazing, attentive, funny, and easy going. In fact all the staff was the same. The food was only $20 and our Cosmo came out to $14 and all so worth it! The place is so nice and calm. This is my type of place.
As a self proclaimed foodie I was very excited to check out Carnevino and WOW, it completely exceeded all of my expectations!  I must say if you are visiting this restaurant you need to ask for the server MJ, he walked us through the menu and every suggestion was spot on to what we were looking for and he was incredibly knowledgable from the wine to the dishes and provided the highest level of service.  (Even came back from the restroom with folded napkins -little details of service matter!) My husband and I love eating out and if you are looking for great quality food, awesome music, ambiance and exceptional service, do yourself a favor and go here.  MJ suggested wonderful options from the grilled octopus and prosciutto to wonderful handmade pasta to our favorite the bone in ribeye for two OMG, you haven't had "steak" till you have Carnevino steak.  By far an all around winner, thanks Carne and our server for making this experience one for our favorite food experiences ever!  Will definitely be back!
Was on the way out of LV. Sat at the bar. Ordered the dry aged strip and the broccoli. Really tasty. Nice italian beer that i later discovered had been paid for by the restaurant. Thank you for the amazing experience. See you soon.
I almost don't want to write this for fear of the secret getting out, but here goes. Forget a table. Sit at the bar and enjoy your dinner alongside the fantastic bartenders. Even better, let them choose your dinner for you. You will likely end up with items that aren't even on the menu, like the to-die-for beef cheek ravioli.. . My husband and I celebrated our third wedding anniversary here last month. It was our second visit to the restaurant in two years. That's how great the food and service are...despite the number of fine dining establishments in Vegas that we have yet to visit, we returned to this gem. We had reservations and enjoyed cocktails at the bar while waiting for our table. Cooper and his team behind the bar kept us entertained and made us feel right at home, so when we learned we'd be seated late, we opted to stay right where we were. It was an excellent decision. No need to go into major detail...quite simply, we put our trust in Cooper and he did not disappoint. . . Carnevino is now on our list of must-visit establishments every time we return to town.
Pre-Appetizers:. -Amuse Bouche. -Rosemary Foccacia. . Appetizers:. -Orecchiette with sweet sausage and broccoli rabe.  . -Beef cheek ravioli with aged balsamic vinegar (off the menu). . . Sides: . -Market beans with house smoked pork.  . -Marscarpone and guanciale mashed potatoes with a poached egg, bacon, and freshly shaved black truffle.  . . Shared Entree:. -40 oz medium rare 100 day dry aged bone-in ribeye for 2.. . Dessert:. -Chocolate & peanut butter torte with peanut brittle and salted caramel.. . That was the progression of our amazing meal at Carnevino. Everything was scrumptious, but the steak in particular was everything and more than I had hoped for when I picked this Mario Batali restaurant.  The waiter brought the ribeye whole and on the bone to our table and carved it table-side.  The outside of the steak had a wonderful crust and it was tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked on the inside.  . . The steak paired perfectly with the mashed potatoes.  Note that the shaved black truffles were an extra $10 but it was worth it.  The market beans were my least favorite part of the meal.  They weren't bad, but they definitely weren't worth my valuable limited stomach space that I was trying to squeeze everything else into.. . The beef cheek ravioli and the chocolate and peanut butter torte also deserve extra shout outs.  The beef cheek ravioli (thanks Yelp reviewers for recommending asking for that!) was very good, but the aged balsamic vinegar really made it a great dish.  The peanut butter torte was smooth with a very wonderful crunchy base.. . All in all, we walked away ridiculously full, happy, and sleepy.
OMG. If you aren't coming here-consider yourself missing out! Everything was perfect!! Everything.
Bone in ribeye was delightful. I was in meat overload. The wine paired perfectly with our entire meal. The staff was exceptional. Our waiter was really funny and kept our table engaged the entire time. All in all two thumbs  up.
I have to admit its been a few years since I've been here, but I still fantasize about the Ribeye. I've had steak and never understood the big deal until my visit - and its a BIG DEAL. The steak was an experience and vacation all wrap in the most incredible meal of my life. This would be the meal I would request if I was on deathrow and it was my last meal-Dry rub ribeye and Peach sorbet. Thank you Mario Batali (apologies if I misspelled your name)
Absolutely unbelievable! Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich aren't messing around when it comes to food and service! . . We tried quite a bit on the menu and it seemed like everything we tried ended up being the "Best food we've ever tried!" I highly recommend giving it a try if you're planning a dinner in Vegas!
Carnevino is the best Steakhouse in Vegas, probably in the world!! Lol. Seriously though this is the only restaurant in the world dry aging their steaks anywhere from 2-11 months, besides the one in Hong Kong. It is literally something you can't get anywhere else in America. And it's worth every penny!!  I live in Hawaii and have dined here the last two times I visited Vegas and will probably keep going back. First off I would like to address (or rant,sorry) a few things about this place and to help you figure out if Carnevino is the place for you!!  .   First, Just like any other steakhouse in Vegas Carnevino is not cheap.  I won't say how much I spent here but you can go to their website and see the prices and see if  it's in your price range. This literally takes a few minutes to help you know what you are getting yourself into. I will point out that the prices listed for pastas are for smaller portions and that appetizers can usually be shared between 2-3 people. Steaks have a high price point because of the exclusivity of the steak of course and also because a lot of product is lost during the dry aging process, but this is necessary to get that great dry aginess(?). Which brings me to my next point. .   Please know what dry aged steak is!! I am no expert on this and I know you don't want me to cut and paste a Wikipedia article on here, so I'll assume you'll be able to look it up if you don't know what it is. This also literally takes a few minutes. Dry aged steaks are not for everyone. It is completely different from steaks you will get at a store or even a steakhouse chain such as Morton's or Ruth's Chris, not that these aren't good steakhouses just that they don't dry age their steaks. When I see reviews saying that it taste like cheap supermarket steak or that they can cook a steak better I just shake my head. If you can cook a steak better why go to a steakhouse?! How do you cook something that you cannot possibly find at a supermarket!? From my experience Carnevino's steak is like no other. .   Third, if tenderness is what you're looking for I suggest finding a place with a Wagyu selection such as Cut or Craftsteak. To me personally, steaks aren't worth paying a huge price for unless they are dry aged. At Craftsteak I payed around $200 a person for the American Wagyu tasting menu which was in my opinion just regular tasting steaks.   Everything else Tom Colicchio sent out though was amazing. On a side note, if you YouTube Craftsteak it will show you how they butter poach their steaks and if you cook one and compare it it tastes exactly the same. I have not had the pleasure of dining at Cut but I hear great things. They do offer wet aged steaks which are typical steaks, dry aged steaks, American Wagyu, and even Japanese Wagyu steaks.  Might have to go here on my next visit. On another side note, did you know Wagyu steak is intended more for texture rather than a beefy steak taste.  The Japanese intend for Wagyu to melt in your mouth, just as a great piece of Toro does, not so much for a huge beef flavor. .   These are just a few things to keep in mind when deciding if you are down to try Carnevino. Ask your server about the riserva, they should have it, order it, enjoy knowing that this is something enjoyed only two places in the world, and then thank me!! Hahha .   P.S. Service was excellent when I ate here. The server brought out white truffles for us to ooh and ahh at. Don't know how busy it gets but I'm sure they will try to make your dinner special. But if you're high maintenance, complain, or tip bad do everyone a favor and just always stay home!!! Hahhahahha server humor!!
Items selected:. . Arancini. Rosemary Focaccia with Butter and Lardo. 5 Puttonyos Royal Tokaji. Mascarpone and Guanciale Mashed Potatoes with a poached Egg. Fried Eggplant with Tomato and Ricotta. Creamed Corn with Picked Jalapenos. Prosciutto di Parma Riserva with Figs. Fried Calamari - marinara and pickled hot peppers. Shrimp alla Diavola in the style of Calabria. Gnocchi with Gorgonzola, Mushrooms, Pine Nuts, and Sage. Spaghetti Al Frutti di Mare with Clams, Shrimp, Lobster, Calamari. Beef Cheek Ravioli with Brown Butter and 25y aged Balsamic. Dry Aged BBL Bone-In Ribeye for 2 (x3) - 132oz of 64 day dry aged beef. Pan Seared Duck Breast with Figs, Averna, Confit. Foie Gras and Barolo. Double Espresso. CHOCOLATE & PEANUT BUTTER TORTE peanut brittle and salted caramel. POLENTA CAKE peaches, grapes and whipped cream. NUTELLA FRITTERS candied hazelnuts, vanilla bean gelato. . Having visited Carnevino once prior with old friends at lunch I was admittedly excited to return when the same group I'd dined with at Gordon Ramsay Steak the night prior invited me to join in on a meal that expected to trump the prior visit considerably.  A large space with soaring ceilings, heavy woods, and smooth marble befitting both a Vegas Steakhouse and the Italian Chef/Restaurateur backing the venture it was at the bar that our evening began while a large table was cleared in the larger back room and with excellent cocktails and a superlative wine list it would not be long before we were seated, drinks in hand - the subsequent two and a half hours awash in food, cocktails, wine, stories, and laughs with servers who kept pace amicably.  Beginning with appetizers and progressing through perfectly pastas, lightly prepared proteins, interesting sides, and thankfully dainty desserts with a main course of nearly 8lbs of aged super-prime beef from Adam Lang plus supple duck and a hefty piece of foie gras poached in Barolo it would be difficult to imagine any "steakhouse" putting on a better performance than what we experienced that evening and although such a meal invariably comes with a substantial tab, particularly on the Vegas Strip, this was a night of excess worthy of the expense and without a doubt a night to remember.
Had dinner here two nights in a row.  The main reason I came back with the wife was our bartender Cooper!  He was awesome and we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at the bar especially with his service!. . Love the octopus, beef cheeks raviolis and everything else!. . Thanks Cooper!
My dinner was amazing.  Cooper working the bar with a full menu and expertise to recommend the best pairings for a on the fly wine and food menu.  The octopus is amazing, fresh pastas and beef out of this world.  We arrived at 8, the service was top notch.
I'm not sure about some posters complaints. I can say that my wife and I had one of the best meals we've had. I started with the gnocchi, lite, perfectly cooked, my wife the caprese, large cherry tomatoes on the vine with house made mozzarella and basil pesto, excellent. Entree was the dry aged bone in ribeye. Aged 90 days (don't know who else does that, typically 28-32 days). Asked for medium rare at 130 degrees, came out perfectly. Carved table side, this is around 50 ozs precooked. Absolutely one of the best pieces of beef we've ever eaten. Side was mascarpone, guanciale mashed which is topped with a poached egg! Excellent but unnecessary. Service was top notch, professional, attentive but not intrusive. My only complaint is the wine list is almost too extensive. It's massive and in my opinion, unnecessarily complicated. Some have complained about the music but we found it fine, a non issue. Overall, it warrants it's consistent inclusion in Vegas's top 10 steakhouses.
