I fly for business 1-3 times per month. This is probably my favorite airport to fly through. Its a regional alternative to Atlanta and does not get as backed up by weather and other delays. Its large enough to have direct flights to the west coast and Europe, but small enough where you can walk to you gate in no time. . . Best hidden secret is the USO. For military, retirees and dependents, the USO is a free VIP lounge upstairs in the main atrium. It has numerous large flat screens, free food and drinks (donated by vendors in the food court), free Internet terminals, large leather lounge chairs, and a kid/family play area. The bathrooms are huge, provide free toiletries (useful for long international flights). If you ask the counter for a wake up call, you can crash out and they'll wake you when its time to go.
A nice . place . to go . somewhere . else . . Charlotte- Douglas is one of my very favorite airports and a very pleasant place to stop over for a while between flights on the way to somewhere else. . . It's not only clean but sparkling and squeaky clean. Things actually shine and it looks like you could literally eat off the floor. Pretty amazing with all those people thumping, thomping and thudging though it. . . The inside of the the airport is actually fun to explore and walk around, with line of trees, some very cool rocking chairs and little airplanes hanging overhead. Lots of corners to hang out in and plenty of little restaurants and shops scattered about. Even a people mover and escalators to play on although the things move too slowly to really have fun on. . . Sure it's an airport and everyone is in a hurry, some people are grumpy and the typical airport chaos does happen, but overall the folks I have meet here were are friendly and very hospitable. A nice contrast to the abrupt hostility sometimes found in employees of other airports. I'm always happy to see that my flight has a stop over in Charlotte- Douglas because I know I can have fun and will have no trouble killing a few hours here while waiting for another flight. Maybe someday I'll actually get out of the airport and see the city.
This place has the best USO I have ever been to!
They have the best USO i have ever been to. . . The rocking chairs are great to sit and people watch, and this place is always clean!
Connection in 10 min...keys here I come!
I was born and raised in the CLT.. I've flown in and out of this airport so many times, I can't count them.. I worked at Eastern Airlines for nearly 12 years,. In that amount of time   & since, I've seen many airport terminals, domestic & International.. . This terminal opened in 1982 and when Eastern went out of business in 1989, the dominant airline was Piedmont. When they merged with Allegheny to become USAirways, they become the dominant airline.. . There are now five terminals at CLT.. . They have FREE wi-fi and rocking chairs!. . Does it get any better than that?. I don't think so!
I'm going to give this airport 5 stars because there is very little I can think of in terms of improvement for the typical traveler.  I understand there are some people who spend the majority of their time traveling and may look for more amenities but this airport is perfect for me.  The employees are always friendly.  The security lines are never too long.  More importantly, everything is very easy to find.  . . Bathrooms are always clean and this past christmas, the bathroom attendant was singing carols.  Nothing like holiday cheer when you've gotta pee!   . . Yes, the food and drinks are expensive but that's just standard airport prices.  My flights out are almost always on time which makes me a happy traveler.  Now just wait for my review of JFK for my return trip.  HA!
Uebrsichtlicher Flughafen, man wartet nie langer aufs Gepaeck.. . auch ist man schnell mit dem Shutllebus bei den Mietwagenfirmen.. Hier fliege ich gerne hin, durch, etc
I really like this airport.  The people movers work, great directions, carts will take you places.. . Free wifi!!!!!!!. . Electricity for laptops...plenty of restaurants, and of nice variety
Jamba Juice and free WiFi.
I love CLT!! My favorite airport to get stuck in. The people are nice, the food is greasy and somewhat southern, the wi-fi is free, and they have rocking chairs! What more could you ask for? Seriously.
This is the best airport I've been to so far - hands down!  Maybe it is because it is nearing the holiday season - a warm, comfy glow just emanates from this airport.  Most other airports that I've vsited fall into one of the following three categories: cold and industrial, dingy and rundown, or pretentious luxury.  This smaller international hub however has a warm personality all its own.  I don't usually enjoy being at airports because one is just waiting to go somewhere else or waiting on someone.  Why waste time??. . There are rocking chairs in the main concourse, and a volunteer pianist displaying her skills on the grand piano.  There is yummy sushi in both the main area as well as in one of the other concourses.  There is a somewhat hidden, quiet, and very chill lounge-like area behind the smaller sushi place.  Perfect forvegging out and surfing on the airport's free wifi while waiting for your flight.  Starbucks is everywhere and there is even a pinkberry.  Lots of random affordable shops for browsing - duty free (of course), the New York Times bookstore and a Pandora to name a few.  Thanks for making the waiting so much more bearable.
I've flown several overnight flights on US Airways from San Diego to Norfolk and always stop here.  The first thing I see getting of the plane is Bojangles, love it!  Good airport, never delayed.....knocking on wood.
After Nashville, this is one of my favorite airports.  It just always seems clean, friendly, easy to go from terminal to terminal, not a lot of delays since it's not in a bad winter weather region.. That's really all I ask for in an airport.  That, and a few good places to grab a cocktail pre-boarding.  There are several of those in the main area, and a nice and clean food court, plus a Body Shop and some other little boutique stores.  I've only transferred through here so cannot speak of the security and checkin services.
Easy in and out Airport. Great Food Spots. Plenty of casual areas to relax. Great Shopping too!. Free Wi-Fi
Thank You American Airlines counter for being down I got to check not one but two bags in for free. Staff was pleasant and helped expedite those on our flight so we wouldn't miss it.
Charlotte Douglas airport  is a credit to the area.The place is clean , bright and comfortable.The people are friendly and respectful.. Well done Charlotte.A1.Ya'll have a nice day ya hear.. My husband and I are plane buffs .Seeing the plane that landed in the Hudson at the air museum is a must.
Vrrrrwwwwwww!   Time to fly!  . . I know I haven't been to that many airports, but I do like Charlotte Douglas!  I feel that it's pretty big, and while walking through the walkways are big enough to where you aren't always bumping into people.  The main area where the concourses split is nice with a big open view.  It's nice and southern with the rocking chairs for you to sit in as well.  . . I also really like this airport because it seems so clean the times that I get here.  From the moment I step out of my car to the check-in, and then all the way to my gate for take off.  The bathrooms are always well kept too.. . I'm a person that likes little fun details, and on my walk through Concourse A, I noticed that they have movie posters up of all the movies filmed in Charlotte (like Shallow Hal, Talladega Nights, Hunger Games, etc.).  Fun stuff!. . I'm sure that people who have to stop by CLT for a layover shouldn't be sad to be in a nice airport like this.
einfacher Ubersichtlicher Flughafen wenn man aus Deutschland kommt steht Sorger wo man hin soll auf Deutsch . an der Gepackausgabe hapert sonn ein wenig dar die Business Passagiere den Gepack gleich mit Economi bekommen
Great airport with people movers, rocking chairs and power outlets everywhere.. . What else could you want?
Unkomplizierter Flugplatz. Abfertigung lauft problemlos und schnell. Diverse Restaurants im Terminal, alles ist schnell zu erreichen.
THIS PLACE HAS MORE RESTAURANTS THAN I COULD COUNT!!! And everyone was so helpful and friendly.  Maybe I should visit Charlotte itself and not just their Airport
Very well kept and entertaining airport.... I have flown here before as a connecting airport and have never had any problems... And to top it all off the bars have an excellent beer selection... I will try and make my connecting flights here more often...
Actually pretty nice airport, but loads of renovation right now (April 2012)
One of the best airports in the country.  Very well run, lots of options for food, good selection of shops, and pretty easy to get from one place to the other. Even plenty of parking options!  And, the rocking chairs are brilliant!. . I was going to complain on one point about airport management, until I did some checking... As it turns out the biggest problem that the Charlotte Airport has is that it is under some control of the Charlotte City Council.  There is where I have my biggest beef!  They decided last November to remove all ATM's except for Bank of America's ATM's.  How dumb.  Okay, I know - they got paid a lot of money!!  Well, why don't you check with McDonald's too?!  They would probably pay you a fortune if you made it the only FOOD available in the airport!!  But wouldn't THAT make a lot of people happy!!. . What you've done is simply to inconvenience a lot of people. I won't pay fees to use other ATM's so I can no longer get cash at the airport.. . http://www.charlotteobserver.com/2011/11/15/2777229/council-makes-bofa-sole-source.html
Surprisingly to me, after decades of flying, I just discovered that CLT has got to be one of the best airports I've ever been to!  I guess living on the West Coast and flying mostly United and Delta kept me from experiencing this sooner.  Seems Charlotte is a huge US Airways hub (in fact, *every* single airplane I saw here was US Airways).. . The airport terminals are mostly standard, but they've got a good mix of stores and restaurants interspersed throughout, and everything seems cleaner and newer than I would have expected.  The main terminal is very large, open, and bright, with several restaurants and stores and even a guy playing a grand piano.  Wow!. . With a couple hours to burn here, I tried to check out the Carolina Brewing Co in Terminal E, but they weren't opened for lunch.  Looks like a great terminal, though.  I stopped by the EA store and played NHL 2012 one of the PS3s they had in the store; what a great way to spend time between flights!!  Grabbing lunch at Bad Daddy's and watching some NASCAR on TV helped me feel like I was experiencing North Carolina a bit, too.
As my home base airport I not only can't dislike CLT but I actually really do love it! Like most airports I've been through, it's spacy and efficient. (I tend to blame travel hick-ups on the airlines and other inconsiderate travelers more than the airports.) Due to some recent renovations CLT has had a bit of a face lift on the arrivals floor. For starters they got rid of the carpet and replaced it with the more logical tile covering.. . The main atrium is beautiful and contains quite a few different food and shopping options - even if I do always follow my nose to Cinnabon. The wall of windows lets light in and the trees are a pleasant addition that I don't recall having seen in any other airports to date. Lastly, why is everybody hating on the white rocking chairs? It's quite obvious these things are Charlotte's touch of southern charm. I, for one, have never even had the chance to sit in one because they appear to be so loved by all the other travelers. There are of course the power outlets there too.. . As far as getting to the airport and checking in, it runs smoothly. The traffic flow is great and surprisingly compared to other roads in downtown Charlotte the pavement isn't nearly as riddled here. There are lots of parking options from hourly to long term including business valet. For check in there are at least three security checkpoints to go through and if all are open the "speed of service" is commendable.
Five stars for a commercial airport. Weird, huh?. . If I were to get stuck in ANY airport in the country, I would want to get stuck in Charlotte.. . Big, sunny terminals.. Rocking chairs by windows for soothing those flight-related annoyances.. LOTS of shopping and food options.. Salons, manicurists, massage chairs for those more taxing layovers and delays.. Plenty of seats at each gate, and a fairly high frequency of outlets.. FREE WI-FI!!!. . If you MUST choose a connecting city in the area, skip anywhere in DC and opt for Charlotte.
I love Charlotte Douglas International airport and rate this place highly.However on visiting the toilets  several times recently the toilet seats were old and cracked, not at all beffiting this show case.They weren't up to standards in my oppinion.. If they can afford $multi million for a new concourse then a trip to Lowes is peanuts.
+ Relax on the rocking chairs. + Countless dining options. + Shopping and massage places to pass the time. + Plenty of seating at all the gates. + FREE WIFI!
One of the best airports I've ever been to in terms of overall quality.  The airport has moving sidewalks everywhere, there are a lot of restaurants, there are rocking chairs everywhere for people to sit and relax, there's FREE WIFI, AAANNNNNNNDDD the bathrooms all have their own individual attendants that make sure the toilets have been flushed before you step in... it's the little things like this that make landing after a three hour flight more relaxing... I wouldn't hesitate to pick a flight again connecting through Charlotte if I have the time...
I truly wish that this was my home airport - I could hang out for hours here marveling all of the food courts, restaurants, bar, shops.  Great job, Charlotte!
I had a really pleasant experience at this airport! I connected here literally on Christmas Eve and there was a beautiful pianist playing as I wandered around looking for food. Boy did I have a lot of options. I almost wanted to close my eyes and just wander over somewhere as it was really difficult to choose. I was stuffed with food and ended up getting Jamba Juice as well. Ahh! Too many options! The airport was very clean and the staff everywhere were extremely friendly. I had an easy time navigating around as well and I think that this is the best airport I have ever been to. They have a great selection of food, shopping, and anything you would ever need in an airport. Definitely don't mind connecting through here again!
It's a airport.... BUT..they have the nicest restrooms!!. . They have a attendant to greet you with anything you might need; feminine products, mints, etc. They are there to keep it clean and stocked. It was kinda pleasant :). . Plus, they have to really great southern accent. Which really does make it feel more sincere..
I'm puzzled by some of the reviews - they're glowing and then the reviewer only gives three star rating.  Maybe airports don't deserve five stars because they're generally annoying - crowded with a "hurry up and wait: mentality at check-in, security, and boarding, etc.  But as far as airports go, this is the best airport I've been to in the United States.  There are a ton of restaurants and bars interspersed with a great amount of retail.  It's clean and the people friendly.  The gate agent kindly kept me informed of my friend's arrival - we were connecting onto another flight, and my friend's flight was late in taking off and she was at risk of missing the connection. At many airports, the gate agent would have acted completely annoyed by my repeated questioning (she had told me the arrival board was not accurate).  . . Living in Chicago, I generally can fly almost anywhere without connecting.  If I do have to connect, however, Charlotte would be my first choice!
Gross, effektiv, schnell und kurze Wege. Das ist furmuns der Flughafen Charlotte, den wir 2 Mal im Jahr nutzen. Fur mich mein nach Las Vegas mein Lieblings Flughafen in den USA. . Er bietet nichts besonders, sondern ist einfach ein gut organisierter Flughafen, wo uns meistens unser Schwiegersohn runterholt denn er ist dort Air traffic Controller fg. Letztes Jahr den Rekord in der Immigratio aufgestellt: 15 Minuten und wir waren durch. Okay, wir saen auch in Reihe 5 und waren dementsprechend schnell drauen aus dem Flieger.
I have been through this Airport @ least 100 times now. You seem to learn a little more every time you go through.. Today when we landed it was bright and sunny outside. But, then looking out the window there was snow every where.. . This airport is huge and you can get a flight just about any where from here.. They have free Wi FI for starters, which is always good.. It is a really beautiful airport and the smell of southern BBQ is all through out. Shuttle and nice, not over whelming. Except when you go to the International side it seems sterile and clean, then as you keep going towards the gates it gets dark, like they dim the lights.. . There are a lot of really good food choices at this airport , as well as some good shopping. It is set in a nice wooded area of NC.. As I write this I sit on a lovely white wood rocker, That was part of an Art Exhibit at one time. Now they are  scattered through out for a lovely rest.. Real trees are growing in side with huge glass windows..  So as long as you  give your self a lot of time for your flight you can look around and enjoy this Airport.
I connect here when possible. It's easy to navigate, free wifi, great restaurants and good shopping. I love the rocking chairs and plenty of USAir Clubs. If you're a frequent USAirways flyer this airport beats Philly and DC on the East coast.
I'm not sure how much value an airport review has to anyone, so I haven't previously written one, but CLT is impressive enough (as airports go) that I feel the need to submit my praise.. . What I like:. - Spacious, open architecture. - Efficient layout. - Surprisingly decent (and only slightly overpriced) food court.  I particularly like the Mongolian BBQ, where you can get a large stir-fry with quality veg & protein for $9.. - A volunteer pianist playing a beautiful grand piano in the main atrium.. - Freewifi. - Plenty of comfortable seating (including rocking chairs!) throughout. - Cheap long-term parking
As far as overly busy airports go, this is my favorite so far. It's jam packed with a ton of food and drink options, endless stores to kill time browsing in, and it's easy to navigate through.It can get crazy/anxiety attack busy, but overall it has average airport traffic. I don't mind killing time here at all.
At the Charlotte airport, en route to a connecting flight, I wondered which route might allow me to quickly satisfy a sudden caffeine itch.  So I walked up to a goodwill ambassador named Dottie. . . I've always admired the airport goodwill ambassadors, or courtesy hosts.  I remember seeing the guys and gals in Denver with the cowboy hats and western glow in their faces... and tags that read "volunteers".  Volunteers!  Gotta love folks like that.  They just stone-cold love their city that much, and want to share their enthusiasm.  Sometimes I look at them, and their eager faces, as they scan for someone who might want to know why the Rockies are wonderful or why Colorado is a great place to send your kid to study minerology, and I see them identify a potential convert but then watch them walk by, and I think how sad it is when someone full of love wants to share it and is not granted the chance.  [I know, it's kind of a bit much that I read the sometimes-sadness of the human condition in the gazes of a Stetson-bedecked airport welcoming committee.  But still.  You get me.]. . Back to Dottie...  . . I approached her.  She identified me as an in-bound inquiry on the verge of happening.  So she launched into Phase One of her professional routine... . . She smiled at me.. . Ok, wait, that previous sentence didn't do the trick.  I wrote it wrong.  What I'm trying to say is that she SMILED at me.  High wattage.  Mega dosage.  Not too much, but also not nearly too little.  Splendid.  Brightness.  Warmth.  Like a force of nature.  But a force of nature that cared for you (like a breeze in the tropics), not a tsunami.. . Man, it was one helluva smile.  You want to talk about feeling welcome someplace?  I didn't just feel welcome in Charlotte.  I felt welcome on Planet Earth.  . . People talk about aptitude for certain kinds of work.  Whoever thought up the idea (perhaps it was her) to have Dottie deploy her radiant smile as a greeter or goodwill ambassador was just simply very skilled at career suitability identification.. . Having encountered something so special, I felt funny asking something so mundane: where to get a cuppa joe.  But she rocked it.  And I walked away.. . And I thought... Christian, you can't just walk away from a gift like that.  You gotta acknowledge it.  So I went back and I did.  And I learned something interesting.... . "Dottie, I'm Christian.". "Nice to meet you.". "I just want to tell you that your smile is really something wonderful and I'm glad I encountered it and its owner.". If you can believe it, the smile intensified.  . "You have no idea how much I needed to hear that today.  Thank you.". . And as I walked away, I marveled at what she'd just said.  Here she was, a professional and sincere dispenser of human warmth, who needed some herself.  I guess guardian angels sometimes need guarding, too.
The rocking chairs here are so cool.
I love Charlotte Airport.  It is one of the few airports I look forward to landing at.  A beautiful and open airport that has me strolling through even when I am in danger of missing my flight.  There always seems to be the most beautiful people traveling there as well, and they offer free wi-fi, so that pretty much seals the deal for me!
This is actually one of my favorite airports - not that I love to fly anymore! . . I know what terminal I will fly into and out of and know exactly how to get from one point in this airport to the next and how long it will take me. . . There are plenty of places to shop and eat and occupy your time and I typically have the least number of problems here!. . Whenever I HAVE to have a connection - I try to arrange for it to be here!. . PLUS - I normally have little issue getting connected for FREE!
This place is huge, I feel like I'm at some kind of mall or something. It's by far the nicest and newest looking airport I've been to. Didn't mind being stuck in this nice airport for an hour or so. Got a little treat at Pinkberry and walked around. There are plenty of shops and restaurants and I never had a problem with finding anything or getting to or on my plane. Oh, and very clean!
Can anybody tell me why Charlotte is so far ahead of NYC in terms of airport efficiency and satisfaction? Regardless, I have absolutely no complaints about this place, and here are seven reasons it's my new favorite airport:. . 1. Free and functional (the latter is extremely important) wi-fi. . 2. The concourse is clean, bright, and full of nice folks who want to provide help.. 3. The signage is clear. . 4. US Air did its best to delay me, but my checked baggage was ready in seconds.. 5. The rental car shuttle departed immediately, despite us being the only people on it.. 6. There are rocking chairs. . 7. I only had to elbow one old woman in the head to get through the crowd (clearly everyone else learns quickly).  . . Also, Charlotte appears to be lightyears ahead of us in eco-friendly technology as well. Bike shares, solar-powered parking meters, electric carports, recycling bins everywhere...in the airport in particular, I appreciate the reusable water bottle taps at the fountains. It means I don't have to do that tilting fill where I can only get the bottle up to 70% tops.. . Next time I have to come to Charlotte, I won't complain nearly as much.
We are fortunate that Charlotte Douglas International Airport is  one of the most friendly, well mannered and clean  places in the States.. The flight coming into Charlotte makes you proud to belong... I like calling North Carolina home.
This is a nice size, well organized airport. I also like the surplus of options available to travelers AFTER you get through the TSA security. I thought it was neat to see at the US Airway's reservation/check-in area that there was a "minor unaccompanied" area so you can get your child through the process easily.
I've seen a few American airports by now and i have to say that this one is probarly one the nicest and cleanest i've ever been. . Nice dining area and great food choices!. . Staff is very nice and as far as i relember, there are only a few airport who have restroom attendants.
Love this airport! Always means I'm going somewhere!! San Juan here we come!
A great  airport to me has a good variety of food, multilple bars, plenty of places to sit/sprawl out, and HELLA power sockets. CLT has all of the above.
This is one of the better airports to travel through. It's easy to get from terminal to terminal. I really like the layout with great restaurants and shops in the center of all the terminals. The rocking chairs are nice. I rarely get to sit in them but it does give the airport a nice feel.  The city center is very near and only a 10 to 15 min taxi ride. I've been trying to take my international flights from CLT as much as possible. If you are a US Airways traveler, there is no better airport in the US.
CLT is hands down the best smelling airport there is. The baggage claim area in particular smells like a bar of expensive soap. I don't know how they do it but they should be proud.. . Like other reviews add, the layover amenities here are great. And, while the parking isn't great now they are working on that and it should be better soon.
Love this airport, spacious, clean, not crowded, very decent options to eat for an airport, can transfer from one terminal to other quickly without any trains or shuttles. Free WiFi, charging stations, ramps, this airport has got it all.
Easy to get in and out of. Employees are very helpful. Inviting, clean and bright. Great food choices as well.
I've been plenty places in NC and this is one of the best, coming or going. Either I've been to the wrong places in the state, or it's really that awesome. Both. You see a lot of amazing things coming and going from this place. Going to Winston-Salem, leaving was the good part, best part. Chapel Hill coming. Awesome place, great food, good people. When they say flash flood though, they mean it. OH has warnings all the time and gait may rain hard, but this place is flooded five minutes later literally. MJ has history here, that's Michael Jordan incase your stuck on that. Raleigh/Durham, actually was same trip and coming was awesome. Really cool place, they both have awesome craft beers brewed right there in those cities. I speak in detail on them in my review of Aloft Hotels. . . I flew American Air to and from here, kind of uncomfortable flight, I hate flying though. I gotta get first class at least once. I'll hype that airline up once that happens, sooner than later hopefully.
I have spent more time than I care to share in CLT but it is still my favorite airport. The layout is super easy and I feel comfortable knowing that I landed in C Terminal but am connecting in E Terminal, I know exactly where that is and how long it will take me to get there. I know where the decent food is at or if there is a TCBY nearby. It's like going to the mall in your hometown. I've already scoped it out and no where not to waste my time.. . They always have free wifi and you can find power outlets all over the place. It's easy to find a spot to plug in and get some work done or just relax in a rocking chair on the main concourse. CLT feels small enough that you feel comfortable getting around but large enough that they're still getting shit done.
I have been through this airport more than I really want... perhaps the reason being this is the ONLY transit airport from my little town... however I should say this airport is also perhaps one of the friendliest hence being one of my favorite amongst all the National and International airports I have traveled through! One major plus the restrooms are uber clean!!
Helpful. Nice. Smooth experience.  Airport is carefully laid out and the moving walkways help get to your destination faster.  This place even has a PInk Berry!  They keep it clean and pleasant.  No complaints to date.
What a great airport! I absolutely loved the rocking chairs and the real trees nestled by the windows in the main area. It made you feel like you were sitting in the park, ignoring the people constantly running by in a panic to get to their next flight. There were many restaurants here, even a sushi bar. I was stuck on a 3 hour layover here and I did sample the Starbucks but that was about it as far as the vendors go. Not a bad place to be stuck that's for sure.
