We had heard of Mon Ami Gabi, and finally had a chance to go there on our latest trip to Las Vegas.  Great food and great location across the street from the Bellagio fountains.  We were in a party of six and everyone loved their meal.   The escargot appetizer was excellent.  I had the fish special, Pacific cod, which was perfectly prepared.  My wife had the lamb, which was superb.
I am thoroughly impressed with Mon Ami Gabi! C'est tres bon! It is a incredibly nice restaurant without the "We're too good to serve you" attitude. Having been here three times, I would strongly recommend the Bananas Foster Crepe, it is heavenly. Being on a college student budget, I typically just order an appetizer, and dessert to share! It is plenty filling, and you won't break the bank. Their mussels, when in season, are incroyable!  Plus, the bread that they give you for free is fresh, anything free is great on my list. It's worth the drive to the strip if you're looking for a great, fresh, French meal!
I'm addicted to their brunch - especially their daily Eggs Benedict special.  A favorite was the lobster benedict.  I've always been waited on my a kind and courteous staff.  And when the hostess says "inside or outside" she really means "outside", not a fake vegas "outside" with clouds painted on the ceiling.  Outside is strip side view right across from the Belagio fountains.
Oh what a gorgeous lunch i had here. And i am referring to the food.. . I ordered an endive and pear salad as an appetizer with a glass of freshly squeezed OJ. I had a freshly ground Ahi Tuna burger with fries for my entree, and finally, the most beautiful apple tart for dessert. Honestly, everything tasted so good that i just wanted to sit there forever and savor every last bite.. . Everything is crafted very well, the service is great and the food is very fresh. And you really need to try that Ahu Tuna burger - it's very moist (contrary to the name) and very nicely flavored. The apple tart is unlike a typical fruit tart - the apple had been cramelized forever so it was very flavorful, the crust wasn't too thick so it didn't overshadow the apple. . . Go try it and enjoy the view:)
In Vegas again and had to go back to Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast.   Love the fresh apple juice!!   This time,   I had the croissant breakfast sandwich and my friend had the lemon pancakes.   The portions are huge and the food is always great.    If you are in Vegas, this is a must try!   You will not be disappointed.
Food, Service, Bloody Mary Bar, The view of the water show is also fun to watch....Sit outside and people watch it is fantastic.  My friend and I both got the Croque Madame...amazing and it was a good amount of food! I really enjoyed my lunch.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. It's in a gorgeous location - if you sit outside you have an amazing view of the Bellagio as your backdrop. My party of 6 came here for lunch on a Sunday, and we were seated immediately. . . I ordered French toast from the Brunch menu, ~$10. I don't even like French toast all that much - but it was perfection. The toast was soft and spongey, and it came with really good blueberry jam/sauce. The whip cream was also very light so I didn't feel bloated after. . . The $3 coffee was also really great. They give you free refills, which I failed to realize when I gave a waiter my cup. It's not too bitter, and tastes perfect with a bit of cream. . . Other notable/good dishes:. + Jumbo Lump Crab Salad Tartine. + Most of the salads . . After the meal I felt full in a very satisfying way - great place to sit and relax and enjoy your food and the view.
Quality food, ambiance, moderate pricing . . . what more could you want?  The lemon-thyme salmon on orzo with peas and spinach was perfect, but the real find was the French onion soup with gruyere cheese.  OMG!  The portions are not skimpy either.  Didn't have room for desert (darn!), but I'll bet they're heavenly.  Oh, yes, it's across from Bellagio and you get to watch the water displays.  It was a wonderful date night!
With each annual trek to Vegas that my hubby and I make, we make sure to have dinner here.  Since we usually go to LV in June, we dine outside on the patio each time.  Waiters prompt and service excellent although we did get a laugh the last time because our waiter had this cheesy french accent and when we were leaving we heard him talking to other waiters and he had a total east coast accent!!   Never a bad meal, steaks are wonderful. Large wine selection although fewer lesser priced options then higher priced ones.  Banana's Foster for dessert is divine!  We will be back again and again I'm certain!
The food was pretty good, not the best, but still very good.. . If you come here, you have to sit at the patio.  The view is AMAZING!  . . The beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain and the good food and wine equals a very romantic date.
This place has it all! Great ambiance, great food, and a friendly wait staff. When we first saw it, it seemed like it would be a long wait but they buzzed us about a minute later. I had the prime-rib special and it was delish!!!! My friends ordered steak from medium to well-done and each was said to be perfect! . . Aside from the food, the place has nice soft lighting, great for romantic dates or just out with friends. The wait staff was very attentive and often checked in with us... he also chatted a little with us so that was nice as well. . . Great place!
Great location, classic decor, fair prices and large portions! Had the strawberry skinny pancake aka French crepe and it was delicious and very filling. With unlimited coffee, a glass of milk, tip & tax the total came out to $20 not bad at all! Service was great & waiter even took back a crepe my friend ordered after it had arrived & he noticed it was too much food to go along with his egg combo.
yumyumyum! My first French restaurant. It was really classy inside & a nice place to take a date, and I guess sitting outside is the business cause it was packed outside, but pretty empty inside. I had the Seafood Crepe for about $14, which was filled with peas & cream & topped with jumbo shrimp & giant delishhh scallops. I shared with a friend, and was satisfied. We originally planned to go to the Bellagio Buffet around 3, but stopped by here for a quick bite since we were starving...but were too full by the time we finished & had to postpone our buffet plans. Bon Appetit!
This was my favorite meal last visit to Vegas. Had the flat iron steak with the bordelaise sauce and french onion soup. Will be back.
Great service and mimosas!
Mon Ami Gabi is a cute French restaurant located in the Paris Resort and Casino. I came here with a group of my girlfriends for lunch. I was a little wary about the restaurant because whenever I hear "French food" I immediately think expensive. Thankfully, the prices at Mon Ami Gabi were very reasonable.. . I ordered the Seafood Crepe (~$14), and it is HEAVENLY. If you love seafood like me, it's an absolute must. The scallops were seared perfectly, the shrimp was perfect, the peas were a perfect addition to the plate -- the dish was perfectly perfect. My friend and I shared the crepe and got full off of that. We were originally going to go to the Bellagio Buffet a few hours after, but decided to save that for another day because Mon Ami Gabi got us stuffed!. . Service was very accommodating. We had two guests that came later than we did, and they had no problem with adding them to our table. Water glasses were always filled, bread was always served, and our entrees didn't take too long to wait for. I'd definitely come back again.
Made reservations for dinner here on a weekday.  They had no problem seating us early and we were able to get a table outside.  Even when it's cold out, this is the best place to eat as you get a really great view of the Bellagio fountains during your meal.  The inside has a nice ambiance as well, but get a table outside if you can.  . . Our waiter was incredibly attentive throughout the meal, refilling water, asking if we wanted more bread (the bread was delicious, btw), etc.  She even anticipated that we wanted separate checks and was more than happy to arrange it, which sadly most restaurants get very bitchy about.. . We all got a steak entree with frites.  Don't order any side dishes - they give you a MOUNTAIN of frites!  I could barely finish half of them.  My steak was quite large as well.  I had the steak bordelaise, which had a yummy caramelized onion and wine sauce with it.  My friends had the filet mignon and the steak bearnaise, which were both very good.  Perhaps it wasn't the best steak I've ever had, but still excellent.  And with the addition of the ambiance and the service, I have to give this place 5 stars.. . To clarify, this is a $$ restaurant if you order a non-steak entree (they have burgers, sandwiches, chicken, fish etc.) or a steak frite entree (the thin cuts of steak) without drinks, appetizers or dessert.  If you order one of the more select steak cuts or start adding sides to your meal, this is more of a $$$ restaurant.
Even on a cold winter morning, breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi was still a solid option! If you've read about my past experiences here, then you'll probably already know what to expect from this review.. . It was very chilly outside when I had breakfast here for my last meal in Vegas before flying home and it was also still early so the heat lamps out on the patio weren't fired up yet, so they had seated at a very cozy table by the window, which was still a great spot for some early morning people watching.. . Since I didn't want to take the risk in picking something new that could potentially result in a disappointing last meal in Vegas, I took the safe option and went with their Eggs Benedict (14.95) since I had their Crab Cake Eggs Benedict (15.95) last time and loved it.  And once again I had their fresh OJ and bottomless Coffee.  As expected, the Eggs Benedict was perfect (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=JwV3dbADg-18GS6NESEBSQ).  Every bite was scrumptious!  And once again, the Hash Browns were packed with flavor with the caramelized onions inside.  Loved it!!. . And there isn't much more I can say about their morning service other than it was spot on like last time.  Though it was a little more busier, I didn't have 20 or so waiters refilling my half empty cup of coffee every 5 mins.  Oh well, can't complain too much about that since I still had a very good waitress.. . I'm really starting to enjoy Mon Ami Gabi a lot more as a breakfast option as the place is more mellow and very relaxing compared to the more active atmosphere for lunch and dinner, but you do miss out on the Fountains of Bellagio as they start up later in the day.  If you haven't stopped by here yet for a bite, give it a try and dine out on the patio when the weather is nice.  It definitely makes for a great first or last meal in Vegas.
I'm going to keep this short and sweet:  I feel like I always want to eat here every time I'm in Vegas!!!  . . What I love about this place:. - French onion soup is delicious! . - Outdoor seating offers a perfect view of the Strip and the Bellagio Fountain show. - Service was attentive and prompt. . There's always a ton of people here, so make sure you make reservations - if not, expect to wait about 45 min - 1 hour.
This restaurant is wonderful!  I had the Lemon Chicken Paillard and it was delicious.  The atmosphere was romantic, the staff was friendly and attentive.  Everything was superb.
Holy Chicken liver MOUSSE!. . If you like liver, try it! order order order! It was mild, buttery and if you are anemic like me, this is the dish that will get your iron going! IT WAS SOOO GOOD! It was served with buttery toasts, mini pickles and cocktail onions with a touch of liver horseradish type of sauce. It was so perfect! I asked for some more toasts later on and packed it up to-go, which i later enjoyed eating on the way back home to the OC ^_^. . I had a seafood crepe and wow! the scallops couldn't be bigger or tastier. Jumbo shrimp!. . My bf had the jumbo crab cake and damn was it JUMBO! it was filled with crab.. . J'adore 'Mon Ami Gabi'!
Great Service, food and view. We loved it fro breakfast!
This is a must visit for my friends & family every time we're in Vegas.  We absolutely adore this place!!!!  Such great price for the quality of food and it's consistently phenomenal.. . First of all, let me start by saying the bread is to DIE FOR!!!!  We go through at least 4 rolls.  Order the chicken liver mousse and eat it w/ the bread, I promise you won't regret it!  The quiche is the go-to fave for me.  Frangria's worth trying especially if you're doing an early brunch.  Chicken broccoli crepe is good also.  The tuna special open face sandwich was delish as well.  . . Service is always pleasant and food always comes out quickly.  Again the bread is key!. . If you're looking for somewhere to eat on the strip, don't hesitate and come to Mon Ami Gabi, it's totally worth it!!!!
So it was my birthday............ We were seated outside the weather was so comfortable. I had filet with merlot sauce, crusty bread, red wine....... AMAZING!!!! (everyone had something different, All delicious). Then,  the water show from the beligio came on..................the sound of "Frank" singing to me.. What an amazing surprise.  It was a dining experience I will never forget.
We visited Mon Ami Gabi on a weeknight after making reservations online. We were sat right away. After our server introduced himself we ordered wine...or tried to. My wife wanted a sauvengion blanc, but he said they were out for the evening. She asked what relatively sweet wine they had and he said "none" and then brought her a sample of Riesling, which was described on the wine list as "very dry." Don't get me wrong, the service wasn't bad, he just seemed to have a bit of French "snottiness" to him, which made the experience a little awkward.. . He recommended the specials of the evening, one of which was a bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin with potatoes. I took his suggestion and my wife ordered the salmon. Both were very good and we had a wonderful meal overall and would go back if/when we return to Vegas. With wine, entrees, tax and tip the meal came to about $80
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  Their steak classique and frites are so tasty.  Still, my personal favorite is their creme brulee.  It never disappoints.  It's great that you can sit outside because you get a nice view of the strip, but they need to expand it.  Every time I go there, there is a really long wait to eat outside, but the interior decor is very classy and the servers are pleasant, so try it!
Great restaurant!  Given the outdoor seating with a view of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower, this place is a great after dark spot to hit during the summer.  I've had several entrees and desserts on the menu, and each item was amazing.  It's a little spendy, which is to be expected for any restaurant on the strip, but if you can manage to get an outdoor seat it's well worth it.  The seating is elevated from the strip, so it isn't like you have people walking by and sticking their heads in to have a look at your meal.  I would highly recommend this spot to anyone looking for a nice and memorable meal on the Strip.
My Friend Gabi certainly doesn't NEED another 5 star review, but she's gonna get one... NOW!. We ate here twice during our stay at the Paris and both times were fantastic! Once for dinner and once for brunch.. The roquefort steak and frites were amazing! The steak wasn't what I expected. It was really flat and about a foot long and 8 inches wide! But It was cooked and seasoned to perfection and I ate every last bite. I even ate every single meat-juice-soaked frite! Yah, I was stuffed to the point of being sick, but I ran 4 miles earlier in the day, so get off my case about it!!. The eggs benedict dish was out of this world. Super rich and creamy, with the perfect amount of tang. I poured the entirety of one of those little tiny Tabasco bottles over the meal and it became the world's perfect hangover cure!. The service was slow at times, but not enough to diminish our experience by even a half-star. Merci Beaucoups Gabi!!
This had to be one of the highlights of our trip. We decided to spend our first morning in Vegas enjoying an amazing breakfast, and we found it. . . My girlfriend ordered 3 sunnyside eggs and bacon and a fruit salad, I ordered the Eggs Benedict special. It was so good it was actually ridiculous. They had it for us in just minutes and only $10 a plate! . . The best part was sitting out on the patio infront of the Eiffel tower on a nice sunny morning. . . If you're going to Vegas, come here for breakfast! Just do it!
This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas. Everything is good, but I especially love the French onion soup, mushroom and Brie omelette, and the bacon and chocolate waffles. . . The service is wonderful and the price is decent. Mon Ami Gabi, Je t'aime *muah muah*
Very chic. Although, the menu items doesnt SCREAM French cuisine. Most foods looks like you can get at any American place.. . The food is awesome though. One of the few places I actually come out satisfied. I ordered the Smoked salmon platter. I enjoyed it. I enjoy simple foods. My plate had shreds of salmon, a pile of capers (I LOVE CAPERS) and a gallop of cream cheese. You also had a choice of an everything or plain bagel. I put everything together and it was simply delish.. . Service is super proper, like they were brainwashed. Not at all casual. Not that it hurts the business but it looks like they need to relax. . . Pricing is alright. My uncle and I sat outside during high noon and the sun was just right on top of us. I didnt mind, I had sunglasses but I DO absolutely love the view of the Bellagio and caught one of their water fountain shows.
Yum! I went for brunch and had the butternut squash and leek quiche and shared a fruit platter with my friends. Both were awesome!
Love, love, love Mon Ami Gabi. Killer style and decor, excellent location and views. And most of all, the food. Always very good and never fails to surprise in a good way. This time we had the fish of the day, Atlantic char. Light, flavorful, balanced nicely with spinach and potatoes.  Scallop appetizer was delicious, could have had more scallops. Steak bordelaise got rave reviews. A little too much salt on the chicken paillard.  Washed it down with champagne chilled exactly right. Gabi just puts me and friends in a happy, contented state for hours. What more can you ask?
Every time I'm in Vegas I end up spending the afternoon on the patio here resolving my hangover... You can't beat the view - the Bellagio fountains are immediately across the street.   . . Everything I've ever eaten here has been fabulous, from the atypical fish and chips to the mussels to the croque monsieur to the french onion soup. Full bar, wine, beer, etc. Great Frangria (their version of Sangria) - buy a carafe to get a better deal... Excellent people watching on the strip. The Atrium room is also a very nice place to sit, but I'd avoid the rest of the place as it is very dark. They've just added a bunch of gas heaters on the patio, so there are no excuses not to enjoy the patio, even on the cooler nights.
Beverage - cappuccino - excellent. Food - quiche and ham & cheese crepe - excellent . Service - ok. Ambiance - great inside and out. Not particularly romantic for brunch, but very French feeling. . . They have a bloody Mary bar where you can pick your own condiments, which is pretty unique.
I made reservations here and we were seated immediately upon arrival. They greeted us and sat us on the outdoor seating where you can see the Bellagio's fountain water show.. . The service was excellent and the server knew his menu very well, including the specials. I ordered the sweet potato soup and the croquet madam. French food, and the aura, very french! haha.. . Nonetheless, I recommend everyone coming here for Brunch. Their salads too, are to die for!!
This restaurant is, THE PLACE, to bring people if your in need of a great strip restaurant with a view!  Perfect to take friends or family when they come to visit you in Vegas.. . The food is great & the atmosphere is incredible...  The prices are extremely  moderate for the value & all of the food is very well prepared, escargot were delicious as was my favorite steak & fries with blue cheese sauce, fantastic!  . . I recently took family from Maryland there for lunch & was extremely well taken care of by the staff & especially the manager Ryan. He gave us premier seating on the patio area outside & the view of the fountains across the street was perfect. Thanks Ryan!!!. . My family is still talking about how good the food was & such a great time they had... Kudos to the Mgmt & The Staff!. . Will be sure to visit again very soon...
I wish I could give it more stars! This is easily my most favorite restaurant in the world. I go to Las Vegas at least once a year and have eaten at Mon Ami Gabi many times for breakfast, lunch and dinner and have always, always, always had superior food. If possible, I like to sit outside, where the Bellagio fountains and the people watching put on a show that's tough to beat. Nevertheless, it's the food that keeps me coming back. Makes me want to hop on a plane right now!!
As a person suffering from Celiac Disease, I was sad knowing that I would have to pass on "french" bread at a premiere french restaurant.  I was delighted to find out Gabi's had a special gluten free menu of dishes including fresh made gluten-free bread just for me!  The food was amazing, the server friendly and the atmosphere relaxed.  I would HIGHLY suggest getting reservations ahead of time for outside seating in the evening, so that you can watch the spectacular Orchestrated Fountain show across the street at the Bellagio throughout your meal. . . We will definitely return to this place everytime we go to Vegas!
holy crap this place is amazing!! ive always seen it and it never occurred to me that i should try it.  . . my bf took me here for my bday dinner.  the yelp reviews (pictures) looked pretty good, so why not?  first off, im not a steak person...at all.  but i went out on a limb and ordered the filet mignon with the bordelaise  sauce.  it was the best freaking slab of meat ive ever had! i told everyone i knew that if steak was like this all the time, i would order it every where i went!!  bf got the hanger steak and a beer.  i got a French martini too.  . . our server wasso nice and so were the hostess's.  we ended up getting there 45 mins early, but they seated us right away.  we could even see the bellagio show from our seats.  . . oh and you MUST make space for dessert.  if you love bread pudding, you HAVE TO HAVE TO order it.. . i cant wait to go back and check out their brunch!!
I'm a fan. We always go here when we're in Vegas. The food is consistently good, you can sit outside, and the prices are reasonable.
Just getting around to writing a review for this great spot.   The view is spectacular from the patio (we always get patio seating here) and a great place to just sit and people watch.  . . My husband and I dined here for about 3 hours just "noshing" on several different appetizers plus drinks.  This is a great way to spend the afternoon and everything we ordered was perfectly prepared and delicious.  We both had the soup du jour which was LOBSTER BISQUE. It was truly wonderful but we ordered a shot of sherry for the soup, which to our disappointment should have been in the soup to begin with.  Not a big deal since everything else was over the top.. . We went back for dinner and sat on the patio again.  And again, the food was memorable as was the ambience.. . More recently 2 of my friends and I had lunch here and we all loved it so much we've decided to make this our favorite lunch spot.. . One ordered the LEMON THYME SALMON.  She said it was the best salmon she'd ever had and I had to agree.  It was just a bit rare in the center which is what it's supposed to be and the lemon thyme flavor shone through.  . . The otherOne ordered a steak, done medium rare and she said it was perfect.  I didn't taste the steak but she loved it.. . I ordered one of my favorite dishes TROUT GRENOBLAISE.  Wow.  It was absolutely fabulous.  The sides we ordered were shared and there wasn't a thing we could find to complain about here.. . Service was a little on the slow side but it was crowded and we were in no hurry.    If you want patio seating next to the railing you need to get there just before they open so you can be seated among the first.  It's worth it just to sit and watch the fountains and the throngs of people walking by.   Take your time here.
This place is great for people who need to eat Gluten Free, but still want a nice dinner on the strip. Great selection on their gluten free menu, but not much for vegan. The servers were very understanding and accommodating. And you can't beat that view! Eat on the porch and watch the Bellagio water show every 15 minutes!
what an amazing breakfast!. . came here with my boyfriend and my parents: . i got the french onion soup (i was hung over -_-;; couldn't really eat lol), my boyfriend got the french toast (substituted the blueberries for strawberries and got regular syrup) i'm not a french toast fan...but man i had a bite and it was so good! probably the best french toast i tried! my mom got the skinny apple pancake...it was good, HUGE, thin, crispy...delicious! my dad god the spinach and green veggie omelette...it was really good! the hashbrowns were AMAZING!. . the service was great...our server was so attentive and she made sure that we had our drinks refilled w/out asking (ALWAYS A PLUS!) i can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner!. . one thing though...one of the hostesses...she looked like she got punched by a bus...very upsetting to see her face. she looked so upset and angry it really made my hangover worse. ugh she didn't say hi, smile, she just looked like shit...UGH i hate it when they put people like that in front of the restaurant...it makes people not want to eat there!
I've been here twice, and both times blew my mind.  Ok...the first time was for my brother's bachelor party.  We can't talk about what went down...I might get some people in trouble...but the steak I had was amazing.  It had some kind of dijon sauce...sooooo good.!!!!  Anyways...they treated our party of 15 like royalty and I was very pleased that I chose them as the place to take my bro for that special night.  . I also went there for lunch about a week ago, and had the ahi tuna burger...it was ridiculously good...everything about it...oh yeah...and Holly Madison was sitting right next to us the whole time...kinda cool...but whatever...the service has been very good every time...if you're in Vegas...go here...Oh yeah...and the view of the Bellagio fountains is pretty awesome too...
Eating dinner at the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant was one of the highlights of my Vegas vacation.  The dinner prices were extremely affordable (especially considering the location and the pricing of other nearby restaurants) and the food was excellent.  Each couple in our group had to pay $100, but this included 2 bottles of wine (approximately $64).  You can't really get much better bang for the buck on the Las Vegas strip.  I will say that the Sea Scallops were perfectly cooked and my mouth is watering just thinking of it.  The escargot was also very tasty (although I am admittedly not an expert on that particular appetizer).  And of course, as you will see from other reviews, the views from the patio (where we ate) are spectacular.  Not only do you get amazing views of the Bellagio fountains, but you also get spectacular views of the heart of the Vegas strip.  This would be an ideal place to bring a date or loved one, as the location is about as romantic as it gets.  It was a tad bit cold at night when we went, but the outside heaters helped a little (although if you sit near the street you will be outside the range of the heaters).  The one slight downside is that it did take a while for our food to come to our table, although to be fair they were jam packed.  Highly recommended and I would definitely go back again on my next trip to Vegas!
6 girls and a really nice "sex and the city" feel breakfast.. . we didnt have to wait long and got seated outside. it was a little windy but they had heating lamps outside. we knew we wanted some mimosas and the waitress was nice enough to let us know that a bottle of champagne would be cheaper than  a glass each. Cool! . . i ordered the crab cakes egg benedict i think it was called, and it was really good. nice big pieces of crab and you can taste it really well. the egg was done just right and the hash browns!!! sooo goood. . . my friend had the chocolate bacon pancakes which were such a treat! really unexpected flavors and really yummy, more like dessert but it was delicious. . . others had the original eggs benedict and etc, but we were all quite happy and satisfied with our meal. I think it was $26 for each person with tip.. . will definitely come again! and try that onion soup!
My friends & I came to Vegas to reunite & celebrate our five years of friendship that began in France.  Well, what better place to celebrate than a French cafe.  We went for lunch and enjoyed our quiche lorraines, French bread, and waters.  The spinach on the side was to die for.  Service was great.  We were a bit dehydrated from our flights & going out the night before and were chugging the water.  Our waiter must have filled each of our glasses 5-6 times.
this restaurant holds a special place in my heart, whenever we're in Las Vegas, we dine here. we see My Friend, Gabi at least once a year and are never ever disappointed.
Let me start off by saying that is was a beautiful day...70 degrees sitting outside under a table umbrella with the heat lamp warming my shoulders.  Perfect Tuesday afternoon and the wait was only 30 min. to sit outside.  Inside there was immediate seating for those that didn't want to wait.  . . Our server was very nice and the food came within 20 min.  The view of Bellagio and the passerbys on the sidewalk was great!  We ordered  warm brie cheese with roasted hazelnuts and garlic as an appetizer.  It was served with toast and it was delish!  For lunch I had warm chicken and brie sandwich with sliced green apples.  WOW!  SOOO good!  It came with stringy french fries that was light and crisp.  . . Overall, very very happy  :)
The best overall meal I had on The Strip was at Mon Ami Gabi.. We were seated pretty quickly outside on the patio.. The service was great- our waitress was such a doll.. They had a gluten-free menu and gluten free bread! . Steak Frites were fantastic, so was the trout.. Desserts were super-yummy!. The view was fantastic and the outdoor seating was comfortable and warm (with heaters in late March). . We just walked through the inside-dining room, but it was a beautiful room.
The best service and the most outstanding filet and salmon!. Such a treat to find a unique restaurant that is in the heart of the tourist crowd. We will definitely go back when we're in town!!!
Every time I'm in Vegas I have to eat here. The roasted chicken was great   This time escargot, carrots, mashed potatoes were outstanding. The filet was out of this world. I gave it 5 stars because of my meal, yet there were a couple things they need to work on. The mac & cheese lacked taste and was very dry.  The scallops needed some flavor they were flat.  These were dishes my wife had. Overall I will go back again and again!
Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorites. This evening I had the vinaigrette salad with sweet bacon and poached eggs....so very good. A delicious tender steak with fresh herb butter and frittes. So enjoyable while watching the fountains of Bellagio. Ignore some of these cruel reviews and trust this review.
Delicious food! Service was incredible, well orchestrated and very friendly. Our server was incredible and had great recommendations about the food and drink selection. The patio is really nice and a great place to people watch while having an incredible dinning experience.
I absolutely love this restaurant in LV.  We have been enjoying it for probably 15 years.  While in LV we eat here almost every night.  The food is fabulous.  I usually have the steak classique.  The French fries are to die for.  Best ever.  This time I took a chance and had the fraisee salad,  yumm!   I have also had lunch and the sandwiches are awesome.  Breakfast wasn't that great.  Make a reservation it gets busy.  Oh and go at off times so you can enjoy the water show at Ballagio.  BTW the reservations are for inside only.  We were disappointed by this.
Location, location, location!  That should be enough said, but based off the LOCATION, I gave it 5 stars.  Now, if it was based off of the crappy server we had.........  did I mention location?. . Food, eh, good enough, considering the...... location!. . A little overpriced for what you get, but the location is great!
My wife and I ate here before a show at the Paris. It was too cold to sit outside, but the bistro feel indoor was fine. House wine was reasonably priced and good (though I am not a connoisseur) and the warm loaf of French bread was delectable. French onion soup was rich with no shortage of onions or cheese.  I had the Beef Bourginon which was excellent. My wife's prime rib was huge, tender, and cooked to perfection. It was accompanied by creamy scalloped potatoes and al dente green beans. We each took 1/2 home for lunch tomorrow. By Vegas standards, the prices were reasonable, as we got out at under $100. We will return next time we're in town.
DH and I dined here during our 2009 trip.  After that, it's on my must-dine list.  J'adore c'est restaurant!  I dined here during my recent trip.  This time I sat at the bar.  My server/bartender, #86, was great and very pleasant.  He helped me choose a great red wine to pairwith my dinner.  My dinner was pretty simple, I ordered the steak frites.  I love that dish.  I think the herb butter they put on the steak is perfect!    I think the prices are very reasonable.  This was another great experience and I will be back on the next trip.  Next time I would love to sit outside.  5 stars for the service, ambience, food, drinks, and location!
I have been traveling to Vegas since the mid 90's at least 2 or 3X a year for business and pleasure, and nothing compares to a meal at Mon Ami Gabi! Hands down this is one of my favorite places to dine when I am in town, and I can honestly say I have never been disappointed. This classic French bistro serves magnificent food in a wonderful atmosphere, and at a fair price. Thier position on the strip also offers a terrific view of the Bellagio.. . As soon as I boarded my flight from NY this morning my mouth was drooling with anticipation. Thier steak frites are absolutely amazing, and will melt in your mouth with orgasmic bliss. I knew that I would be dining alone tonight, so I did not even make a reservation as the bar area is a great spot to eat here, especially the one out facing the strip with a view of the Bellagio water show. I just winged it and ended up with a prime spot sitting and conversing with other single visitors in town enjoying a meal at the bar.. . I ordered  a glass of Pinot Noir, and chose the Steak Frites Bordelaise. Tender steak sliced thin, almost like a flank steak, with carmelized onions, and a red wine sauce ladeled over the top. Crispy and thin frites with just the right amount of saltiness accompanied the steak. I bit into the first bite and - OH -MY-GOD - I wanted to melt off my bar stool right then and there. The exquisite taste of the steak along with the carmelized onions just put a smile on myface the whole time I was there. I think everyone around me had the same look of satisfaction from what they were eating too. I went absolutely all piggy and finished every bite of steak and frites on the plate. I even soaked up the extra sauce on the plate with this amazing hot mini baguette of crispy bread they serve with the meal.. . It was all so good I totally ignored the booming sounds of the water show going on across the street. As I settled up the bill I was glowing in the aftermath of total satisfaction. Just a perfect place to have a great meal in a civilized atmosphere wether it be a date or a group. As I walked down the street back towards my casino hotel I felt as if I was floating two inches above the ground. Drool is already forming at the corner of my mouth writing this review!
My fav restaurant we tried this past Vegas trip. Made reservations thru opentable unfortunately since patio seating is on a first come first serve basis we did not get to enjoy the Bellagio fountains while dining. . . As soon as we were seated we were given a loaf of french bread in a bag which we all thought was delicious so good that we asked for another. It was a ladies weekend out so we decided to share a few things so as not to get too full. Our order between the 4 of us: half order of mussels, asparagus soup, 2 Beef Bourguignons. I've been dying to try Beef Bourguignon only because I saw it in the movie Julia & Julia and it looked so good, if you're a fan of a hearty and flavourful beef stew I suggest you try this. . . It's a good thing I only ordered half of the mussels because I wouldn't have been able to finish a full order. I even shared with the other girls and we still couldn't polish it off, but it was definitely tasty. So tasty that I even took some of the bread and used it to sop up some of the broth, YUM! Both the Beef Bourguignon & asparagus soup were also good (which was the special of the day) I like this place so much that I want to take bf here when we come together. . . Unfortunately for girls ready to go to a club and dressed in heels the floor was pretty slippery. There were a few times that my heart skipped a beat because I slipped a bit. At first I thought I was the only one that noticed it. But when we were seated and I mentioned it to the girls they also had the same problem. I even had those grips on my shoes and I still slid, so be careful.
this was my second time eating here and it's still my favorite restaurant in Vegas.....I'm sure there are places with better food, or a better wine list, but i'm willing to bet they are buried deep inside a hotel or a casino and no matter how much you dress them up, and decorate the room, NONE can match the amazing ambiance of Mon Ami Gabi.  The food, staff, and atmosphere are unmatched anywhere in Vegas and truly reminded me of being in Paris FR. .   If you're lucky enough to get seating on the patio, or just inside near the windows you will be treated with the amazing water fountain show at the Bellagio every fifteen minutes.  It is most definitely the most romantic place to have dinner in Vegas.......you will not be disappointed.
Man, my list of restaurants I must go to every time I'm in Vegas is getting too close to capacity!  . . I tried Mon Ami Gabi for the first time last weekend.  The bread.  My God, the bread.  They give you a mini-baguette of hot French bread (free) with butter and a little plate of vinegary shredded vegetables. (We were given one plate of apple slaw, and one plate of carrot.  Both were good.)  The bread is heaven, and they didn't even make a face when we asked for more!. . We ordered the warm brie appetizer, onion soup, caesar salad, crab cake, and a side of frites.  As a vegetarian, I was a bit worried there wouldn't be enough options for me, but there were plenty.  They have salads, soups, and a variety of vegetarian sides (like mac and cheese, which I will be getting next time), along with a "vegetable platter" entree - doesn't sound very awesome, but who knows.. . The brie was amazing.  I will be recreating it at home shortly.  Warm brie with honey, cracked black pepper, and roasted garlic cloves.  Perfection.. . The onion soup was also good, my only complaint is that it was too cheesy.  Sure, I love cheese, but I'd like some soup with my soup too.. . Caesar salad was nothing special, and at $8, I won't be ordering it again.  I know, I know, Caesar salads generally aren't special.  I mean, what can you do with lettuce, croutons, and dressing?  You can add capers, for one thing, as I do at home.  And, this salad was over-dressed.  Not horrible, but not worth it.. . My old man said the crab cake was the best he'd ever had, and he has tried crab cakes at many-a-restaurant.. . The frites = In-N-Out fry shnivelings.  And yes, that is a good thing.   They are AWESOME, a must-order!. . The service was quick and friendly, the wait was correctly quoted (30 minutes on a Sunday night), and the prices were reasonable.  The whole meal, including tax and tip, was only $60 (plus our two free loaves of bread....).  Nice!
I always recommend this restaurant to people that want to experience fine dining in Vegas, but do not want to break the bank. Food is exceptionally good and reasonably priced. If you're planning on ordering seafood for your entree, try the skate. You will not be disappointed.
I'm not sure how much this 1003rd review can add.  This place is great.  We had breakfast - crepes.  Thine eyes roll back from the memory of them still fresh in my brain.  . . Go there, now if you can.
We dined here recently on the 16th, a Saturday night, and it was absolutely fantastic.  We didn't have reservations, and were told that an inside table was about a 30minute wait, versus 90minutes for outdoor seating.  We chose to dine indoors.  I know that everyone is raving about the balcony seating, but the inside dining room was well appointed and perfect for a cozy dinner.  The bottles of their wines-by-the-glass sat close by at a serving station, and the server was generous with offering a taste before ordering a full glass.  The baguette in the bag was delicious and came accompanied by both butter as well as a yummy carrot compote.  The caesar salad was simple yet quite delicious.  But their famous steak frites are simply to die for.  I had the steak bordelaise, which came smothered in sweet caramelized onions and a red wine reduction, together with a mountain of frites that looked like shredded homemade potato chips -- airy and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  It was simply too much food to finish so I couldn't try any of their desserts.  Next time! And oh boy, absolutely no question about it there WILL be a next time! Each time I'm in Vegas, baby!
This place is amazing!!! Food is superb and the customer  service is out of this world. After a seating mix up the hostess reseated us in the best seat in the whole restaraunt with an amazing view of Bellagios. I had the skate that was delicious, and my mother had the infamous onion soup. The escargots were the best I ever had and I will be craving them  all week. Definitely one of the best places in Sin City to eat. The whole experience was breath taking.
Great food !  My husband and i had the french onion soup ( It was great) , the oysters ( super fresh and good) and the steak sandwich ( very delicious) !  Has a great view of the vegas strip ! Overall a very nice place
A perfect choice to enjoy delicious food with a great view. Their outdoor seating is ideal on a beautiful day. . . I started with a Caesar salad and my boyfriend had their French Onion soup. The salad was fine but not great, the soup was VERY cheesy. I'm not a big fan of onions, but it was quite tasty. Our starters were good, but I couldn't stop eating their delicious french bread! They also brought us some very good apple and fennel salad. . . We are both steak lovers and we had some of the best steak here. We opted for the filet mignon and it was the most tender steak ever! He ordered the Filet with Merlot butter and I ordered their Filet Mignon Au Poivre. Mine was great, but my boyfriend's steak was even better! Their frites were very good as well. Don't expect fries, they're more like chips. We each had a glass of Pinot Noir to accompany our meals. . . For dessert, I ordered their bread pudding which was moist and delicious and my boyfriend tried their Bananas Foster crepe. We also had their Cafe Gabi. It is coffee with Bailey's, Grand Marnier and Frangelico. Yum!. . This is definitely a place we plan on revisiting. Very soon!
Want to give a shout out to My T. on this one, because him and his wife Thao T. brought me here for the first time.  But Alcatraz is for locals too, so don't hate plaYa!!. . One of my favorite brunch spots on the strip.  Actually I've been in Vegas for a little less than a month now, so I don't have too many brunch spots on the strip,but I still love this place.. . Nice tip:  Also learned this from My T, when you're waiting for your table, there is a bar in the back in the outside area where you can hang out and people watch and enjoy a drink.  This is actually a crucial part of the experience here for me.  . . Tip #2, you want a table outside.  Inside is a bit boring and I always see the younger crowds outside.. . Good food (a bit pricey, but that's how the strip rolls) good people watching and other views like the fountains, this place is cool.  I still would give it 5 stars even though I feel the food is a bit pricey.. . Recommendations on food are the salmon salad if you are gonna be a weenie and not want something greasy like me sometimes, or I would go steak frites if you wanna go big.  The fries are crispy which is too annoying.. . I have yet to try the onion soup, everyone seems to be raving about it!
This place is to die for.  I went there a couple of weeks ago, and I have been wanting to go back ever since.  Staff was extremely attentive, and I love the atmosphere of the place.. . Both my wife and I loved our food, and it was reasonably priced.  We got an appetizer and two meals, and including the tip it was around $80.    . I promise that if you go here you will not regret it.
Went here on a busy Saturday night with two girlfriends. Made the reservation at 4pm that same day and we were seated right away with a glorious view of the Bellagio fountain. . . The service was phenomenal. Our waiter was friendly and funny, very knowledgeable, but knew when to give us our space. Everything came out hot and delicious and without too much of a wait. AND we all found it completely reasonable, especially compared to the rest of what's on the Strip.. . I had the scallops, which were divine. Perfect and savory. My friends had a steak and a fish dish, respectively. We were all quite happy with our choices. We also loved the fresh bread and whipped butter. So classy. So French! . . Each of us loved our food, but more importantly, the experience was wonderful. We can't wait to go back!
Great food!  Blood Mary Bar.  done.
Outside seating a must!  This is the best place on the Strip for People Watching, Great Food (the bread is to DIE for), attentive staff, view of the Bellagio Fountains and romantic lunches and dinners.  It is the first place I think of for business lunches and bringing family and friends who visit us here in LV.  Not too pricey for lunch and umbrellas to shade you in the summer, heaters in the winter.  LOVE IT.
I went to Mon Ami Gabi last Thursday during a trip to Las Vegas, and I have to say I was blown away, once again!. The food and daily specials never cease to amaze me, along with a superb selection of wines, both by the glass and the bottle. And do yourself a favor and try the chocolate mousse!!!!! You will absolutely melt as you are eating this amazing dessert!. Mon Ami Gabi is always on my list any time I go to Vegas, and it will be on my list again when I return in October!
This place was excellent!! I always walk by this place every time I'm in Vegas and we finally decided to try it out for dinner this weekend.  You can make a reservation for the inside portion of the restaurant but the patio dining doesn't take reservations.  We decided that it was a nice evening and there was a cool breeze so we opted to wait it out and have dinner on the patio.  I'm glad we waited, it was really nice having the fountains in front of us throughout dinner and the weather was perfect! They do kind of squeeze you in there but that's understandable and we had a table for four for just the two of us so we had plenty of room.. . One problem I had was that there was some dude with a giant snake standing RIGHT in front of the restaurant the entire time.  He had a microphone and a little speaker and he was trying to charge people to take a picture with him and his snake the whole time....that got annoying real fast.. . The food was excellent!! We started out with a crabcake (they give you one medium sized crabcake) and it was pretty good, definitely not worth the $15 pricetag but I'm glad I tried it.  We shared a cup of the french onion soup too and it was pretty good.  I've never really been a big onion soup fan so I don't have much to compare it too but I heard it was good so we gave it a shot and I thought it was quite tasty.  I had the filet mignon and my fiance had the trout - I liked the filet way better but he said he thought the trout was just as good (I just like steak more than fish).  I really wanted to have dessert but I was just too full from everything else that I had to pass, but I'm sure it would have been delicious though.  I also opted out of having wine with dinner because I had been drinking all day,because you know, it's Vegas.  I'm definitely going to be back next time I'm in town and I'll probably have the filet again (it was just that good)!
Brunch here was great! A little bit pricey, but portions are huge so it's worth the money.. . Yum: . Quiche Lorraine - light and fluffy with a perfectly thin and buttery crust.. . Crab Cake Eggs Florentine- good amount of crab, egg cooked perfectly, overall very yummy.. . Hashbrowns- crispy and brown on the outside, soft and potato-ey inside...perfect!. . Bread- exactly how french bread should be.. . Bloody Mary Bar! Build your own with as many olives/pickled veggies as you want! FYI: All vodka is the same price and they have 4 or 5 options.. . Meh: . Croque Madame with an over-easy egg-- more over than easy. But the bread was TO DIE FOR!. . We also had a great view of the Bellagio from the patio.  The wait can take a while, but it's worth it. Can't wait to come back!
This is my FAVORITE restaurant in Vegas thus far!. . Best seats would be indoors, but just right beside the outdoor seating where you get a window view of the strip.  The seating inside gets a little tight, but the food definitely compensates for it.. . Reserve a table, or else you will be the one  watching others with reservations just strolling across you and sitting at the table that you've been waiting for. . . Where to begin with the delicious food.... . Get the mussels! They are plump and fluffy, best that I've ever had.  However, I think they were better in the summer, as I have gone back during the winter and they have shrunk significantly in size.  Not the season?. . Escargot... mmmmm.. garlicky, buttery goodness.. . Seared scallops were also superb.  . . We haven't tried any of the meat plates because my bf and I are so hung up on the seafood that we always just end up getting that.. . Oh yeah, we did try the frisee and warm bacon salad.  How good can a salad get, really?  . . It's GOOOOD. and very appetizing.
My favorite restaurant in Vegas, thus far. My friend and I went to brunch here on our first morning in Vegas (of this trip) and got seated at a table right away (whew!) despite how busy they were. We got a nice spot right inside the window seating which has a great view of the Bellagio and strip surrounding. They had an eggs benedict special with tomato and spinach that was sooo good. My friend, who introduced me to Mon Ami Gabi from her last trip, repeatedly goes back for the croissant breakfast sandwich. Service was great, food was great, view was great...what's not to love so far?. . My friend gets a little too drunk this night...hey, it's Vegas...and is out of commission for the rest of the following day. I woke-up craving the previous morning's meal and decide to go back on my own. I sat at the bar where Robert was bartending. He was very comical with the wait staff and made the whole experience entertaining, while providing the best service of course! He was very attentive, accommodating & friendly. The meal was excellent as it was the day before, but the service was even better. :) . . My no longer hungover friend came with me to sit at the bar on day three of our trip. Robert was working again, and gave us continual good service. My friend and I tried new entrees at his recommendation that were just as delicious as our favorites. The assistant GM, Clancy, was also extremely professional and offered above and beyond good service. He gave us his special (very tasty!) english muffins for being return customers all trip and even offered me a wisp when I complained of having food in my teeth---how awesome is that!. . I highly recommend Mon Ami Gambi for the deeeelicious brunch, above and beyond service, great location, and so much more!! I will definitely go back whenever I return to Vegas.
Well what can I say, this place is delicious for brunch. Out door seating is a must!!! You get a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains. I ate here for brunch for mothers day, it was my first time and I had a nice time. A bit pricy but well worth it, I will defiantly go again.
Loved this place! We booked in the morning through yelp and got a table in the cafe overlooking the strip and fountains. Awesome! Our waitress was so nice and helpful, advised me really well on dietary requirements, and the food was delicious. I can't get over the price for the quality. Really good value, you would expect to pay so much more elsewhere. Mmm would go back every night but you'd have to roll me on the plane. I had filet mignon with fries and red wine sauce and my date had the big flat steak (oops memory fail) with peppercorn sauce and fries.
I've eaten there four times over the last few years, and so far it's definitely my favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Even though they offer several sauce choices for their steaks, the meat is so flavorful I don't want to spoil it with the bearnaise or roquefort.  Instead, I save that for the pom frites (fries), which is divine.  The appetizers and french bread are great too.
I LOVEDDDD Mon Ami Gabi! We went here for brunch and were able to sit outside and watch the fountains across the way at the Bellagio. I had a crab cake as an appetizer that was a little slice of heaven. The rest of our food was good as well. If your going to go here I would stay away from the ordinary club type sandwiches (turkey, cheese, bacon) they are just regular sandwiches. Go out of your box and try something different. That's what my friend and I did and we were impressed with our food. (She had a crab sandwich and I had a french crepe. Our hubbys ordered the reg. sandwiches which were nothing special)  I would definately love to go back to try the dinner menu and I'm so glad they have a Mon Ami Gabi over here in Chicago for me to go try.
How have I not reviewed this already? This is my Las Vegas Staple. The Filet Mignon is solid (I prefer the merlot butter over the creme fraiche). Regardless, this is arguably the best value for your buck. About $30/steak and the steaks are amazing. The service is fantastic and the food is just fabulous. I could eat loaves and loaves of their bread... they sometimes have a special dessert -a  white chocolate bread pudding thing with caramel. If they have it when you're there, GET IT. I don't like white chocolate or bread pudding, but for some reason this was just BOMB. . . I come here every time I'm in Vegas. One piece of advice: Make a reservation & request outside seating. You can watch the bellagio watershow from your seats on the patio :) Beautiful!
I have had two excellent experiences here and will always keep this on the list for Vegas trips. Amazing breakfast with bachelor party buddies with just enough pomp and circumstance for a celebratory weekend.  Then, I had lunch on my last trip and really liked the French simple options for a moderate price.  In addition, they have wonderful house wines bottled for them in France.  Highly recommend as long as that does not make the line longer for me.
Spectacular!  Best seat in Vegas, great service and great food!
WINNING! That's what Mon Ami Gabi did for my gal pal and I this past weekend. The view and our service were all top notch. The butter merlot filet was excellent...cooked perfectly and was ever so juicy and delicious. The house pinot complimented the filet perfectly (like Charlie Sheen and cocaine). The warm flourless chocolate cake was scrumptious and the perfect way to end our dinner...and start the night. Viva Las Vegas baby, yeah!
My absolute favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. It is authentic French food and come hungry! You can't go wrong with anything you order from the menu. I highly recommend the country pate, open BLT sandwhich, brie cheese with honey, waffles, steak tartare and the frites. The mimosas aren't bad either. . . Come here for breakfast, lunch, or dinner and everything is delicious but make sure you sit on the patio--that's where it's at and the wait for a seat is totally worth it. You sit right across the Bellagio fountains and get to people watch while having a scrumptous French meal.
I'm in love with this place! Food is touristy yet wonderful! I love the view of the Bellagio fountains. I went for brunch and had an eggs benedict. Magnifique! My girlfriend had crepes and they were great too! I can't wait to come back for dinner next time I'm in Vegas!. P.S. There are TONS of very over-priced "fancy" restaurants in Vegas where the food ends up sucking. Mon Ami Gabi is expensive without being absurd and the food is A+. Give this place a try and make a reservation in advance!
GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . Good Grief!  The ABSOLUTE BEST FILET I've ever had (butter & wine reduction).  Scallops were dreamy (the sauce was ridiculously good).  House Pinot Noir: delicious.  Flourless chocolate cake: divine.  . . The bread was okay, but who cares?  The ABSOLUTE BEST FILET I've ever had.. . Next time (Oh yes, there will be a next time.) I do want to sit on the patio.  I could see the Bellagio fountain from the table inside, but not well.  It was still pretty.
Despite having feet bottoms that burned like Hades from all the walking you do in Vegas, Ihobbled over to Mon Ami Gabi for a breakfast of oatmeal ($5+/-) and coffee for breakfast.  It was ok...the coffee was good, which I can't say about most places.. Oatmeal is oatmeal, but it was served with milk and raisins...but no butter which I thought strange; however, they did bring out a bowl of brown sugar for me to get my high on it I wanted to.. The fun of eating here is sitting outside in the a.m. and watching all the Vegas tourists and loonies go by.  Now that was fun!. The service--despite my bill which came to like $10--was superb to the point you would have thought I had ordered a really decent meal of filet..ha!  Kudos to the Paris Hotel for their lack of snobbery at breakfast.. I would come back here again for sure.
I hosted my friend's bridal shower brunch here and had such an amazing experience!  We had a party of 13, and were seated in the best part of the restaurant (the back room by the patio...tons of sunshine and warm on cold day).  We were also out of the way of heavy traffic.. . Although the restaurant was packed due to Memorial Day weekend, our server was so amazing.  Yes, they forgot to bring syrup with the waffles and extra berries with the crepes, but the food was outstanding and they responded quickly to our needs.. . The breakfast menu was large with many different types of options.  They definitely had something for everyone.  I had the crab cake benedict ($16) and my eggs were perfectly poached.  My friends loved both the savory and sweet crepes and everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered. . . I would definitely recommend making reservations.  We finished up around 12 noon and there was a long line on our way out.  We made our reservation 2 months in advance (due to the large party/holiday weekend), and when I tried to make a small change two weeks before, they were unable to accommodate, but we still had a great time!
It was me and my boyfriends 2 Year Anniversary, and we wanted to something fun to celebrate. Naturally we went to VEGAS! We wanted to have a nice romantic dinner, I had searched and found Mon Ami. It had great reviews so I went with it. I got reserverations and thank God I did! It was pretty packed. We had shown up 10 minutes late and there was a line, they seated us right away and asked if it was our first time there. They explained all the fancy lingo on the menu and told us what we should try if we were feeling adventurous. The prices are pretty pricey, but hey it's our anniversary. My b/f got the Filet Mingon marinated in Merlot. I got the Herb Chicken. Man OH Man! It was the MOST DELICIOUS MEAL I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE! I was so glad I picked this place. It was 110%  WORTH EVERY EXPENSIVE PENNY!
Ever had that night in Vegas where maybe you had a bit much to drink? Maybe you beat up your friend the stomach with too many cocktails and need to help him feel alive again? . . Look no further Mon Ami Gabi is the place for a great morning start  recharge for Vegas.  Located at the nice patio of the Paris hotel you can chill out have a mimosa or bloody mary while watching all the finest of street goers, from the good looking to the tickle me elmo's (not kidding) you will see something worth talking about.  Let's get back to the food.... . . The Corn Beef and Hash! Have it and send me a message thanking me.  Poached eggs with some great toast and spread and you are going to be getting your stomach ready for more. They have several great items for lunch as well, I would strongly recommend some of their seafood it is pretty epic.
Went to Vegas for a bachelorette weekend and first restaurant we stopped into is Mon Ami Gabi.  We didn't have to wait at all since we didn't request for outdoor seating but to our surprise, where we were seated was just as good.  We were just in between the outdoor/indoor seating so it was perfect.  . . The food and service here is top-notch.  And for brunch, I would consider the price relatively cheap.  My table ordered:. . chocolate-bacon waffles - YUM! the sweetness of the chocolate complements the saltiness of the bacon very well. . 2x fruit pancakes - these bad boys were ginormous and I would consider them more as crepes than pancakes. . corned beef hash w/ potatoes - best dish of all the things we ordered.  everyone was taking a bite of this plate because it was so irresistible.. . I can't wait to check out the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant in Chicago now.  Woohoo!
Went here awhile ago and I miss this place.  It's the best place I've eaten by far in Vegas.  . . I wanted  to go to a french restaurant that doesn't charge so much $$$$.  Looked up in yelp and decided to come here. . . We ordered:. . French onion soup - I had better soup somewhere else but this was also really good! . . Rib eye steak with fries - fries was nothing to rave about, but the steak was the best I've ever had and the sauces on the side was just amazing. I usually don't like to use sauce with my steak but wow it was so good. The best Rib eye steak. I love Rib eye steak.  I normally eat my steak with horse radish yummy.. . Banana crepe Foster? - OMFG really? I can not believe how good this crepes were. I'm not that into crepes.  I haven't had crepes at many places, but I believe this is the best crepe ever! The sauce was to die for. We wanted to lick the plate lol =p....... . I wish we went here the pass few times while  in Vegas =(. . The service was good. The lady was pleasant. Everything was great! Love this place.. . I want to go back! This is one of the best meal I've ever had anywhere that I've been to. Why does it have to be so far away.
We came here for dinner on a sat night.  7girls. Our reservations were @ 845pm but they were running 15mins bhind.  We were on a time limit due to the fact we had to be at another place at a certain time.  . The manager was really accomodating and let us put in our order so by the time we sat down to our table our food would be out right away.. I ordered the grilled chicken (portion was huge, so i shared it) and the scallops.  I highly recommend the scallops!!! They just melted in my mouth.  Though the serving is quite small, its worth it.  . Waiter was prompt and knew we had to leave.  . It was one of the best 20min dinner i've ever had! hahaha. thanks for the awesome service!
I am pretty sure, every time I've ever visited Vegas (which is a lot), I've made it a point to visit Mon Ami Gabi.  It is fabulous!!.  . The experience is started with the warmest, freshest french bread you'll find this side of globe.  It's served with a yummy salad of carrots and pads of melty butter.. . Any dish you order will be delish, and the alcoholic beverages you choose will knock your socks off.  I've only had one bad experience there - my husband got food poisoning from a raw steak (he asked for it "still mooing").  I warned him it looked too raw, but he ate it anyways.  So, the restaurant can't lose points ;-). . The frites are excellent, green beans tasty, and any steak on the menu is fabulous.  I haven't tried a dessert there yet, but plan to soon.  Going back for our first wedding anniversary, the perfect place for a romantic dinner... Also, if it's a warm evening, ask for a table outside - you'll get a fabulous view of the Bellagio water show!
All you need to order is the French Onion soup and the Filet Mignon.  Period.  This was my favorite place we ate at on my trip and we even went back.  We sat on the patio and you can watch the water show at the Bellagio from there.  The filet was so tender you could cut it with a fork and it will melt in your mouth.  They cover with some sort of wine/butter sauce which then gets soaked up by the potatoes. SCORE!  The French Onion soup is the best I've had.  And I know my FO soup.  If you are in Vegas this is a MUST TRY!  I also had the Pepper Crusted Seared Ahi Tuna Salad with was pretty good, but the filet is the main attraction!
If you want to eat at something other than the Bellagio or Wynn buffet in Vegas you have to try Mon Ami Gabi. Its moderately priced and the food is fucking delicious. . I had the Hanger Steak and it was amazing.. You should make a reservation for outside sometime after sunset. On the patio you have a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.
Located in Paris hotel, this is by far the best French restaurant on the strip. . . For appetizers we ordered baked cheese and it did not disappoint. The filet mignon is cooked in a red wine reduction. I now understand what a tender and flavorful filet is supposed to taste like. A friend ordered the skirt steak and said it was also very good. The house red merlot was also very impressive.. . For dessert, we shared the bread pudding. Again another home run!. . To get the full experience, ask to be seated outside and enjoy the view of the bellagio fountains (on a weekend expect a long wait for outdoor seating).. . Will definitely go back on every trip to LV!!!
I was eagerly looking forward to eating at a French restaurant to celebrate my birthday with my girls in Vegas. Our reservation was for Saturday at 8:45pm. It was a little hectic because we needed to be someplace in an hour and we were told our table wouldn't be ready for another 15 minutes. We asked if we could put in our food orders while we waited for our table and the hostess and manager were very accommodating. . . I wanted to eat light, so I ordered the Scallops Gratinee and the French Onion soup. The scallops were absolutely scrumptious: three little shell- shaped tins filled with roasted garlic and creamed spinach, topped with a sea scallop that melted in my mouth. I gobbled this up so quickly. Then I moved on to the French Onion soup, which was warm and full of ooey-gooey cheese that made my tummy and my tastebuds smile.. . I REALLY wanted to sit in the patio to watch the fountains, but there was a two hour wait. Apparently it's first come, first serve for those tables and you can't reserve them. Oh well, that would have made my birthday perfect, but at least they got us in and out so we could get to Marquee on time! . . Can't wait to go back with the hubby!
Nice French food with a great view if the Bellagio fountains
I'm a huge fan of Mon Ami Gabi - great food, great view, excellent prices.  Delicious doesn't have to break the bank.  The french onion soup is excellent, as is the escargot.  I always get the steak frites - thin cut of steak, cooked to perfection (often, you find the thinner cuts of steak come out well done, but not here; medium rare, as requested).  You won't be disappointed with a meal here, give it a shot.
Dang. This place was tres delicious. We got the cool and refreshing vichyssoise soup, the warm chicken and brie sandwich and the open-faced BLT plus the hand-cut potato chips and artichoke dipping sauce. So good. Sit on the patio for perfect views of the Bellagio fountains and a high quality, leisurely meal. Upscale, but not pretentious. Prices were comparable to a $$ restaurant in LA, but the quality and freshness of the meal was superb. We wanted to come back, but decided that in our short stay, we should try a few other restaurants - few could compare with Mon Ami Gabi, however. Definitely making a stop next time we're in town.
I decided to make a Yelp Account just so I could write this review. I've been a long time reader and often used others suggestions and reviews to pick a destination restaurant. . . Yelp found us Mon Ami Gabi. . . The scenario: It was my mom's birthday. So we decided to celebrate in Vegas. Saw a show, gambled, hung out by the pool... the usual eat, drink be merry, etc! . . But for the birthday night dinner, the objective was not over the top expensive but still really good food/ambiance/service/overall experience was a must. And we found it here, in Paris (Vegas of course). . . The food: delicious! Oh and the wine was paired perfectly! Started with cheese and fruit (yum!) and warm olives (good and simple). Loved the bread too and the chardonnay carrots side! Main course: I had the fillet (with the recommended rouqefort), it was amazing! and my mom had the special fish of the day: chilean seabass with a corn that is beyond the concept of corn (so good).  And of course a little french pastry puff to finish for the birthday dessert. . The ambiance: umm did we accidentally leave Vegas and wind up in Paris? :). The service: Martin ... fabulously french, attentive, informative. . The overall experience: 5 stars for sure. We loved it!! . . Side note: A lot of people recommended sitting outside (to see the fountains) but honestly we realized while it would have been great for bellagio fountain and people watching it is much more of a dining experience inside. Stand outside, watch the show before you go in. Then once inside let yourself be whisked away into a French feast fantasy. . . It will be si magnifique!
Pricey, but nice. . Delicious. =) . I think their buffet in the hotel has a great selection. The last time we ate there it was their breakfast buffet which we used the 7 buffet passes with. Everyone liked it. No complaints. And everyone seemed to have enjoyed their dinner here as well...
Mon Ami Gabi made me reminisce about all the fabulous times i had in Paris. The layout of restaurant is almost exactly like the bistros in France. Our table had the best viewof the Bellagio water show and on a warm summer day.. ah.. it was so chic (=. It was a really busy night and thank god i made reservations on yelp earlier in the day! Even though there was so much people, our waiter was still very accommodating. This is what we had for our dinner:. . Grilled pork tenderloin - The pork was so tender! (= and the sauce that came with it was divine. The caramelized onion sauce had the sweet aroma of onion with a little touch of wine. The tomato-bacon farci that came with it was light and crisp, which paired perfectly with the pork.. Filet Mignon- Oh my god! this must of been one of the most tenderest steaks i have ever eaten in my life! It was cooked perfectly medium-rare just like how the French do it. The Filet mignon basically melted like butter on my tongue. (=
First meal (Saturday brunch) of the Memorial Day weekend trip.  Best meal of the weekend (which we didn't know then), and it was great to sit outside, drink "Frangria" and watch the fountains.  Doesn't get much better than this.. . Baguette and butter to start, and then we went with the cheese plate and pate (again) and the eggs benedict off the brunch menu.  Great service, great food and drink, reasonable prices at lunch.
My meal at Mon Ami Gabi can be summed up in one word : TENDER.. . Tender is a strange word on its own, but when combined with other words like filet and mignon it is perfection.. . A group of 6 of us arrived to the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant on a Friday night (with a reservation, which I highly recommend), and waited about 15 minutes to get a table.  They have a huge outdoor seating area, but we requested to sit indoors because it was in the triple digits outside.  We were sat in the area adjacent to the patio, which ironically was really chilly and a number of people around us felt the same way.  Beware the breezy area betwixt the outside HEAT and the a/c CHILL from inside.. . Anyhow, the food was AMAZING.  HIghlights were the fromage appetizer with a blend of yummy cheeses, and the amazement that was the Filet Mignon with Merlot butter sauce.  . . If you get the server known as 'Georgie,' you'll be in for a treat.  She was absolutely lovely, and took the time to explain many things to us, from drinks to entrees.  She was awesome.. . Overall, an awesome experience.. and I'll say it again.. the Filet Mignon was perfect, juicy and tender.  And I do love me tender..
This place is AMAZING. Everyone in my group was so happy we found this place. Their breakfast is just amazing. I wanted to stay in vegas permanently just to eat here every day.  The croissants and raspberry jam are perfect together. They have some of the best coffee I've ever tasted. EVERYTHING for breakfast is pretty much great. The waitstaff are friendly. For dinner: the steaks are well worth the money. I wouldn't pay $35-45/per person every night for dinner, but it is worth going at least once for dinner. Love this place. Make sure you make reservations, especially for dinner.
We discovered this place when they first opened and NO ONE was really dining here. Now you're lucky to get seated within an hour if you come without a reservation.. . The food is marvelous and you get good value for your money. We came here before we had kids and after and it's accommodating for both types of parties. The kid's menu has generous portions with one order feeding two small kids. The french onion soup is delish, the escargot is fresh, the steaks are always tasty and tender and the bananas foster crepe for dessert is to-die-for! Nice ambiance and most of the time the waiters are really nice.. . Quick tip: grab a seat on the patio and enjoy the free Bellagio show while you dine. Great distraction for little kids!
Sometimes I feel like being the two F's. Fancy & French.  I like to wear pretty pretty dress, throw on some pearls and maybe throw on a beret and say "Bon Appetit!"  Then I like to take a stroll down to Paris and eat brunch by the Eiffel Tower. What a life I live.... . Oh wait...did I forget to mention that stroll is to the Paris Las Vegas? Or that I eat my beautiful brunch at the DIVINE Mon Ami Gabi French Bistro that happens to be by the replica of the Eiffel Tower? Oh..I didn't?. . Not to fret! This truly is the next best thing when it comes to french cuisine and dining in Las Vegas.. . Mon Ami Gabi is truly one of my favorite places to eat in the city let alone on the Strip. They truly capture the classic french bistro from the decor of the restaurant to the meal that sits in front of you.  . . You can sit on the terrace as well as inside their beautiful what seems to look like an beautiful atrium. Either way you have a magnificent view of the Bellagio Fountains which play every 15-30 min. Meal and show! . . The food is absolutely delicious. My favorite breakfast item are the Blueberry Waffle and the Eggs Benedict The Blueberry Waffle is to crispy with a light airy inside which truly compliments the homemade blueberry glaze and fresh whipped cream. It is light as air ad doesn't give you the feeling of eating something heavy.  When it comes to the Eggs Benedict it revolves around one word : HOLLINDAISE. Hollindaise sauce is an emulsion of egg yolk and butter. It is a creamy delicious touch on top your poached eggs place on a slice of  french baguette. . . If you like French Onion you must try theirs! It is truly the best I have had in Vegas. The guryere cheese baked on top of the soup is amazing. I could possibly eat that alone. . . Now time for tips:. . 1. If you plan on going on the weekend for any meal, I HIGHLY suggest you make a reservation.  They are very busy and the wait can be up to an hour.. . 2. Try going during the week it is not as busy. . . 3. If it is blazing hot outside, do not sit on the terrace. You will fry. Plus the umbrellas don't move they are bolted into the ground. So shade is not always an option. . Personal Request:  Please say bon appetit...just for moi. I will love you forever. Pinky Promise. . . BON APPETIT MON ANGE!.                            (my angel)
They have a dedicated gluten free menu! They have gluten free bread! Great sauces in all their dishes. Sit out side for a view of the Bellagio Fountains.
One of my best dining experiences in Vegas.  About as European as a restaurant can get on this side of the Atlantic.  Entrees, wine, port, cheese tray, Cafe Americano.  Man, it was all good.
Great food, great view, and they are Open Table friendly making reservations a breeze.  . . The servers were extremely nice, knew the menu and gave great suggestions.  I ordered Stingray for the first time, and it was delicious! It has a surprisingly subtle taste, and the texture was so soft, it practically melted in my mouth.  Beautiful flavors soaked into the meat of the stingray, and accompanied my wine nicely.  It is served with garlic potato chips made from scratch.  Thin, crispy, and Delicious!  The prices are a little steep, but this is a great restaurant with great views of the Bellagio fountain show.  . . If you're staying at Paris Hotel, this is the only place worth eating at if you're looking for good food nearby; none of that buffet quality stuff you find everywhere else inside this hotel.
The fillWe got the fillet mignon with butter and the oysters for my birthday dinner. I loved LOVED the oysters. I live in San Diego where we can get fresh oysters easily - and I thought these were supremely fresh. It was a treat eating every single one of them. . . The fillet mignon was delicious. It was marinated well and had a hint of vietnamese flavor to it I felt like. I also liked how everyone got a baguette with butter before starting their meal. Is it just me or is the butter delicious here as well? . . YUM. And I could not have thought of a better way to celebrate a birthday =)
By far my wife's favorite restaurant in town.  The French onion soup is out of this world and the skate fish entree is terrific.  Steaks are great and service is top notch.  This place is expensive so we do not get to eat here often but when we do it is always worth the money.
Best omelets I've ever had.  Great coffee.  Friendly staff.  Sidewalk is nice until it gets hot, of course.
Best restaurant in Las Vegas.  Period.  . . The service is amazing.  The food is wonderful.  "Classic Quiche Lorraine" is a french dish with simple ingredients, Eggs, Bacon & Onion, but i have to say "It's the best thing i ate in Vegas".  . . Dont forget to make reservation.  Anyway, if you live or visit Vegas, you don't want to miss this awesome restaurant.
Whenever I come to Vegas I make sure to block out at least one day during lunch time to head to Mon Ami. Their croque monsieur is to die for and their french fries...yum! For dessert, I would pretty much select anything off of the menu. Everything is delicious. The ambiance just can't be beat either. I've been to Paris before and even though this is smack dab in the middle of the Vegas Strip, I still feel like I'm back in France when I come here.. .  I prefer to sit out on the patio (yes, even during the blazing summer) but you have to get there early and line up if you want your pick of seats (or make a reservation for later on in the day) But trust me, it's worth it. . . The staff is always incredibly nice and attentive too. Definitely "as good as it gets!"
Lovely.. . Onion soup was the best I've ever had. Not too salty or lack of flavor. Perfect.. Escargot was actually quite delicious. It looks awful but definitely tastes better than it looks.. Scallops were heavenly. . Rib eye was succulent.. Wine was beautiful, especially the Beaujolais.. Service was wonderful. They even gave us a small cream puff ice cream dessert for our anniversary.. . Definitely make a reservation to avoid the very long wait time because this seems like a hot spot for large groups.
This place was soooo good that we ate here twice during our 3-day stay in Vegas. The first time we went, I was feeling guilty the entire day being so glutinous in Vegas that I ordered the Ahi tuna salad. It was good, but I immediately regretted my decision after I tried my husband's steak and frites.  The next day, we came back and we both ordered the steak and frittes. The steak was tender and the caramelized onion sauce complimented it really well. I usually order my steak medium, but since the steak was really thin, I had to order it medium rare to prevent them from overcooking it. The frites were really good, too! It's even better after it's been soaked in the au jus. . . It's also reasonably priced for being on the strip! We were able to sit outside and do some people watching while eating our delicious food.  - I'm drooling just thinking about their steak and frites... YUM!
There is not a better place to dine alfresco on the strip. All the hustle and bustle of the strip for your viewing pleasure and you can see the Bellagio fountain across the street.  Definitely ask to sit on the patio or atrium.  Only in Vegas could they air condition the outside patio!. . The food and ambiance are 5 stars, service can be spotty at times but never bad. .  . The Steak Frites is to die for. The salads are super fresh and delicious and the onion soup is out of this world. . . This is the kind of place that you can bring kids and not feel out of place wearing shorts and a t-shirt but still get 5 star food and ambiance.
I'm not sure if there's a better value for your money in Vegas. This was the best meal I've had in at least a year, and the total bill for two came out to under $100 (before tip, anyway).. . Just an excellent steakhouse with top notch service and quality in everything, from the cuts of meat to the sauces, the bread and even the French onion soup. I was shaking my head in disbelief at how good every bite was, and the bill was half of what I'd expect given the quality and service. Highest recommendation.
I've been meaning to write a review for this place for awhile now.. I've probably been here about four times? HIGHLY recommend this place. I feel like a lot of places in Vegas are overrated and overly-pretentious... but not this place! Best of all, I feel like it's the best bang for your buck! . . The service here is FANTASTIC. I've never been disappointed with anyone.. starting with the hostess, to the waiter/waitresses. Everyone is super friendly and very attentive! . . You can't make a reservation to sit in the patio, but this last time around, we came here at 6:30pm (for party of 2) with a normal reservation. We just ended up waiting 15 minutes to sit at the patio (they do not take reservations for the patio) so that we can watch the Bellagio fountain show! Sitting in the patio can be quite romantic and cute! :) . . I've gotten the steak here a bunch of times which is always good. This last time around, had the seafood platter for two (lobster, shrimp, oysters, tuna tartar).. especially on a hot day, I'd highly recommend it! The tuna tartar was VERY good. . . The only thing I did not like food-wise from my experience so far.. was their chilled soup of the day. I forget exactly what it's called, but something with almonds and grapes? NOT good. . . For the appetizer - I've also had the chilled gazpacho with avocado.. THAT was delicious! (and good during the summer time). . Overall - I'd highly recommend! Great food, great service.. and won't burn a hole in your wallet ;)
Amazing, delicious!  We were in Vegas for 4 days and went to this restaurant 4 times!. Warm Chicken and Brie sandwich for lunch is delicious!. Scallops dinner entree is also amazing. . . Service is top notch. By far the best service and food at reasonable prices in all of Vegas!
Was pleasantly surprised.  Was not expecting such an awesome event.   We arrived at noon.  We did not want outdoor seating as it was 107 already.  We were pleasantly seated in the porch area.  We got a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountain show.. . I order the tuna salad, which is prepared rare - perfect - with all the ingredients of a nicoisse. My hubby got the full order of mussels and a side of fries.  The mussels, oh my the mussels.  The sauce was amazing.  They brought out fresh bread and we just loved to dip it in the sauce.  . Can we talk the fries?  If this is true french fries then I am going to need to go to France and just eat fries all day long.  They were fantastic.  . The two meals were a total of $35.  Incredibly good lunch.. Excellent service.
We eat here everytime we visit Vegas, at least twice a year. The service is always excellent and we always enjoy a bottle of wine on the patio watching the Bellagio fountain show. I ALWAYS get the lemon chicken ... its amazing. We have never had a disappointing expeirance here.
So, so good! Do not miss a chance to eat here - you will not be disappointed! We came through Vegas on a road trip and had breakfast, and it was so amazing, we had to eat here on the way back! Everything was fresh, presented beautifully, and absolutely delicious. Things we ordered: Eggs Benedict, Big Skinny Pancakes (Cinnamon), Blueberry French Toast, Eggs Florentine, Bacon egg and cheese Crepes, sides of bacon and fruit,  Smoked salmon plate, Cinnamon Bun, and Apple Crumb Coffee Cake (over two visits and 6 people! ). EVERYTHING was absolutely delicious. We were all swooning over the cinnamon pancakes (really crepes), they had a crust like creme brule, oh my. The bacon was SO good, crispy and flavorful, just totally thick, flat and savory. You bacon lovers know what I'm talking about! The coffee was fantastic, the wonderful server kept my cup full, SUCH good service! She even gave me a slip to request recipes from the chef, wow! It was above and beyond. We sat indoors because of the heat, but the windows are large and they keep the big doors open with the air on, so you still have the benefit of terrace seating without the disadvantages . While a bit pricey for 6, (and an 18% gratuity is charged for parties of 5 or more ), it was a worthwhile spluge! SO SO GOOD!
This is my favorite restaurant on the Strip. Sure it looks gimmicky because it's right in the middle and has a gorgeous patio view that overlooks the Bellagio fountain, but location aside, the food and service here are fantastic. . . I've been here for dinner and lunch. The dinner I don't remember much of due to the great bottle of wine my friend and I shared, but I do remember we were sitting on the outside patio and it does feel a little bit crammed in there. The meal made up for it- I know I had some kinda steak with bearnaise sauce that was to-die-for. During my most recent Vegas trip I had lunch: a croque madame (fried egg on top of an open faced hot ham and gruyere cheese sandwich) and French onion soup. The croque madame was perfect and in a much larger portion than I expected. It comes with a side of pomme frites. The French onion soup was nothing special but I'm a sucker for anything with gruyere cheese so I still enjoyed it even though the soup inside was a bit cold. They also include a fresh baguette with your meal. So all of that plus a glass of their sangria called "Frangria" and I was set for the rest of the day. Je t'aime Mon Ami Gabi!
My girls and I felt like we were on the scenes of "Sex and the City" as we sat, chat, sipped on some mimosas, and ate brunch outdoors of Mon Ami Gabi. The staff here is very professional and provides great service and personal opinions of what dishes are good. I asked about the Chocolate-Bacon Waffle ($11.95), and the server highly recommended it and was one of her favorites. So that's what I got. Who cares if the combination sounds funny? The mix of sweet and salty flavor was superb. My girlfriends thought it was interesting too and was skeptical to try my dish, but when one was brave enough and thought it was good, the others followed and decided to give it a shot. Well aren't they glad they did.
On a hot day in vegas, you would think sitting outside would be a bad idea right?  It's actually pretty cool outside. You also get a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains right across the restaurant! The inside is so dim...you can't really see your food.. but I guess it's okay if you're on a date it could be "romantic".. . Service is great. Food is delicious. Price is reasonable. More details on food later.
Had a great happy hour cocktail and some wonderful starters. I highly recommend the smoked salmon with creme fraiche, red onion and capers. I also really enjoyed the butter lettuce and apple salad! It had a great combination of roasted beets (not usually a fan of, but they pulled it off) with goat cheese and an apple cider vinagrette!  . . Food, ambiance and service was fantastic...as usual!!!
Went here during June when it was 100+ degrees outside and they sat us outside. It was hot but we had a nice view of the water show at Bellagio. I ordered their eggs benedict. It was really good and I would order it again. The bread is sourdough and a little hard to cut through with a fork and knife. It's easier to pick it up and bite in to it until you get about halfway when it falls apart. The hollandaise sauce was super good too!
Ate here with the boys on our trip to Vegas last weekend. Changed our 7pm reservation to 8:30 with no trouble (via Open Table). Waited at the bar for less then 2-3 minutes while they prepped our table. For the price, the food was unreal. Us Kansas boys know a good steak when we see it, and the filet & hanger cuts we ordered were cooked perfectly (love that merlot butter too!) and were the perfect portion. Waitress was very friendly & helpful with wine & appetizer suggestions. Were there around 2 hours total, and were never given the feeling of us needing to be rushed out of there. Highly recommended! Great date or group spot for dinner.
Mon Ami is a wonderful French bistro serving a great selection of French salads, soups, steaks, and seafood.  I make sure to have one meal here every time I'm in Vegas, and here are my favorites:. . Sea Scallops Gratinee- One of the best scallop appetizers I've ever had, this is a wonderful way to start your meal.  Make sure you have enough baguette to mop up the wonderful onion/fennel marmelade.. . Mussels Mariniere- Fresh, plump mussels served in a tasty white wine, parsley, and cream...again, more bread please!. . Steak Bordelaise- A london broil cut of beef should not taste this good...Mon Ami does wonderful things with their steaks!  Carmelized onion with red wine, and a pounded down london broil with hand cut frites.  The frites are nice and crispy, but this cut of beef is the star of the show.  Yes, you can pay $100 for a nice dry-aged rib eye at a high-end steakhouse, but you'll be just as satisfied paying $25 for this work of art.  . . Good prices, good service, consistently great food...Mon Ami is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.
One word to describe on experience here is YUM! I came here once before with a group of friends and thought that the food was just okay here but this time around I thought the food was great! I made a reservation through open table thank goodness because Saturday night they were actually turning away walk-in! I mention it was my bf and dad's birthday so that's probably why they sat us at a table with a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains.. .  I had the filet mignon and the bf had the rib eye omg it was so tender and flavorful... probably because of the TONS of butter they used. My dad had the trout and my mom had the scallops, both were cooked perfectly! . . I really wanted to give this place 5 starts but service was sort of slow... probably because the waiter knew he was going to get his 20% gratuity because they automatically add gratuity for parties of 5 or more.  I would rather give the busboy the  gratuity since he was checking up on us more than our actual waiter.
What a delightful surprise we got at Mon Ami Gabi!!! . . I had some of the most scrumptious French toast I have ever had the pleasure of eating! Brent had an omelette that was, well, there's no other word but perfect! They also bringout tasty bread and homemade jams while you wait. . . The coffee is amazing. The ambiance, the wait staff, everything about this place was thoroughly enjoyable. . . I'm only sorry we didn't have a chance to return to this fabulous spot during our trip to have dinner. We will be back the very first chance we get!
On our last night in Vegas I took my wife here for a late dinner. This location had been recommended by a local for the romantic atmosphere. We sat on the patio which sits facing the Bellagio. We didn't eat until almost 8PM, the fountains where putting on their show every 15 minutes giving it a little extra to the atmosphere.. .  The Service was remarkable. Our waiter was very helpful and friendly, answering my questions. He asked if we wanted a bottle of wine. At first I said no, but changed my mind as it was our last night in Vegas and I wanted to have a special dinner with my wife. Of course I know nothing about wine. My palette is mainly attuned for beer and spirits. The waiter asked some questions then made a recommendation. His recommendation was spot on. I really wish I could remember the name of the wine as we both loved it. . . For an appetizer we ordered the Country Pate. We both enjoyed it. It had a rich flavor, but it wasn't overpowering. It was a great way to start the meal. . . The main course my wife wanted the Seafood Platter for two: Lobster, shrimp, oysters, tuna tartar and seaweed salad. The shrimp were huge. The lobster was delicious and cooked perfectly. My wife didn't like the oysters, but I enjoyed them. The tuna tartar had a great flavor and was combined with avocado that helped balance out the tuna. Neither one of us liked the seaweed salad, but I think that's a personal taste issue. The best part of the meal was the sauce they provided for the lobster, itwas like a horseradish mustard. The tasted fantastic! Definitely worth a try. . . We contemplated ordering dessert, but we were both full. . . If you go, and the weather is right, I would recommend sitting on the Patio. The combination of the fountains, the decor and being able to watch people walking up and down the strip made for a fun evening. . . Overall the entire experience was amazing. I would definitely go back if I ever go to Vegas again.
Review is for BREAKFAST.. . I wanted quiche for breakfast and we just happened to be near this restaurant.  Since it was French I figured they'd serve decent quiche.  Decent?  Hell yeah!  It was the best Quiche Lorraine I have EVER had!  Creamy, flavorful, and a crust to die for!  I've been around a few years so I know my quiche.  My husband had the Ham & Cheese Omelette - holy cow - another creamy winner!  The white toast is really their amazing rustic french bread - wow.. deelish!  We were seated within 5 minutes at 10:30am on a Sunday with a view of the Bellagio fountains to entertain us while we dined.  The menu says the OJ is "fresh squeezed" but it's really not squeezed from an orange just before you get it.  It's Tropicana-like "fresh squeezed" ... clearly a difference.  . . We liked our breakfast so much that we went back two days later.  I had the Spinach & Green Vegetable omelette (fab!) and my husband had the Corned Beef Hash w poached eggs (VERY flavorful!).  I got the Hashed Browns that time and was pleasantly surprised to discover beautiful caramelized onions mixed in.  Oh so flavorful.. . Coffee - some of the best my husband's had.. Service - outstanding. Ambiance - terrific. Strip Location - on the strip, facing the Bellagio fountains at Paris.. Price - incredibly reasonable!  No different than what you'd pay at a decent breakfast chain (NOT Denny's, but more like a Mimi's Cafe).. . We will be back!
Best people watching spot in Las Vegas! This place is more than just a place to eat...sitting outside on the terrace is must! They do not take reservations for outside seating so get there a little early. It is definitely worth the wait. You look directly at The Bellagio Fountains and you get a first hand look at all the people walking by (man can you see some interesting people). The food is great (affordable too), they have an extensive wine list, and the service is superior. What more can you ask for? Have a glass of wine and enjoy!
It's been a year (almost to the day) since we ate here, and the memory still stands as being really amazing. It was our first anniversary and we were in Vegas for a week. We had made reservations at this restaurant in advance to ensure a nice anniversary dinner before we had tickets for the Blue Man Group. We're young (25 at the time) and that can often make a fancy restaurant turn it's nose up and not offer much help. This was nothing like that!. We came in dressed for our night, and were sat quickly. The waiter was nice, offered up specials and was ready to serve. We picked a wine, food and everything was amazing. The steak, was so well cooked, you didn't need a knife. We were suggested bananas foster as a great dessert to share and enjoyed it together. The bill was high, but well worth it, and the waiter enjoyed a good tip from us. Really enjoyed it, and would go back in a heartbeat if we are in the city again.
I've had the pleasure of dining at this fine french restaurant twice with my mother in law and both times were pleasurable.  Since she is a Diamond Total Rewards member we had the advantage of not waiting in line and for a table.  . . What we ordered:. Seafood Platter-$24.95 per person. Prime Steak Sandwich-$13.95. Croque Monsieur-$11.95. Steak & Frites (kids menu)-$8.95. Carrot Salad and bread pudding-both are off menu . . The Seafood Platter consists of lobster, jumbo shrimp, oysters, and tuna tartarte with mustard mayo, cocktail sauce, seaweed salad, mignonette, lemon and crackers all of which were exceptional.  I didn't try the Prime Steak Sandwich but I'm sure it was delicious.  The Croque Monsieur, is a sandwich made with ham, gruyere cheese, and creme fraicheand  served with hand cut fries, was worth every bite.  My daughter ordered the Steak and Frites and she loved it, especially the frites!  My mother in law ordered a carrot salad and bread pudding for everyone to devour and...oh my gosh...it was THE BOMB!  . . Customer service was satisfying!  I love how they have a patio with the view of the Bellagio fountains.  It gives it a more enjoyable atmosphere to enjoy a nice French meal.  The price is surprisingly reasonable.  At a place like this, I expected over the top prices.
Best breakfast/brunch I had in Vegas.  The waiters were incredibly attentive and great at guessing what you want to drink when you're a bit hungover & jet-lagged.  I recommend bacon waffles with an extra bacon explosion side, like our waiter said "you only live once".  In addition to the delicious food and wonderful service, this place won me over fully when our waiter made a mycology joke.
As close to Paris as you can get while still on US soil. Simply delightful, all the way around - from the lovely view of the strip to the damn delicious food.. . It became a trend for me to order multiple items off the menu when we had breakfast, so I could sample each one (probably should have stuck to buffets, since I'm so indecisive). . . I had the croissant sandwich and blueberry french toasts, and ate bits of both. I was in breakfast heaven. Seriously, I couldn't have asked for a better meal! I'll definitely be back on future trips.
Top ten restaurants I've ever eaten at.  You have to eat on the patio.  Make a reservation a head of time or you will wait long long time.  My wife and I were seated smack dab in the middle of the patio over looking las vegas blvd and the Bellagio fountain.  Atmosphere including the people watching was mind blowing.  This is one of few if not the only patio restaurant located right on the strip.  We ate there before the sun went down and saw it all happen before are eyes.  The sun fell behind the Bellagio, the lights came on, the freaks came out!   . As far as the food goes it was top notch freaking mouth watering goodness.  Each byte of my steak was orgasmic!  I can't thank Joe (Friend/Waiter) for making the reservation for my wife and I enough.  . FREAKING UNBELIEVABLE!  OH!. . One little side story to tell. Before we sat down my wife and I had been standing at the outside patio for about 25 minutes.  We were getting a little tired from being on our feet.  The best table on the patio becomes free.  I think in my head that would be great to be seated there but at this point lets just get a table!  Then all of a sudden this business type tycoon dude comes strolling in with his business partner and just sits smack down at that table I was eyeballing.  They didn't even get seated from an employee.  I thought right away this dude is either an owner or knows someone.  A few moments later our buzzer goes off.  We then go back to the front of the restaurant to be seated back on the patio.  We actually wait another 5 minutes and then all of a sudden I see the business tycoon and his partner being told they must stand in line.  I chuckle to myself and tell my wife what I witnessed.  Finally a woman comes up to us and says allow me to take you to your seat.  We follow her back through the restaurant out to the patio.  The lady turns to me and says we have a really good table for you and your wife.  I turn to my wife as were walking and regurgitate what the lady says and roll my eyes.  We walk back out to the patio and low and behold we get seated at the table that business dude just got booted from.  I felt like we were high rollers!   My wife and I sat down, kissed, and smiled at one another and then proceeded to have a two hour meal of our lives.
An excellent choice when dining in las vegas. With a beautiful view of the bellagio foutains, and tender and flavorful steak-frites on your plate, I don't know a better place to be. This is why I go to vegas. Also for dessert, try the banana's foster. This dessert is lethal. Rich vanilla ice cream wrapped in a crepe and topped with fresh bananas. Great
Thanks for my fellow Yelpers, I tried this place and was so pleased!  The food, service, and the view is exceptional!  . . We came for breakfast, and I am NOT a breakfast  person!  Nothing on the menu sounded good!  And I'm not usually a picky eater!   I went w/ the waiter's recommendation for the Corned Beef w pouched eggs!  I don't even think I like corned beef....until now! Very tender and flavorful!  My hubby got the French Blueberry toast b/c we over heard some old lady raving about it outside the restuarant!  I have never enjoyed French Toast b/c it's usually way too sweet for me! But I MUST SAY! OMG!  Their French Toast is to die for!  It was not too sweet and the blueberry syrup and fresh blueberries were amazing!  So amazing that we had to come back for it the next morning!  Oh their coffee and OJ is very very good too!. . I would like to try their dinner menu next time! Cuz if they can blow me away w/ breakfast and I don't even enjoy breakfast, I am pretty damn sure they will make my tastebuds have lil seizures for their yummy dinner! Or so I hope! Till then..... . Oh! great view of the Belliago Fountains! . . Great tip!  For breakfast, ask to be seated INSIDE!  You will still get amazing veiws of the fountains but w/out the heat!  We got seated at the open door way so we get the AC, coverage from the sun & gusts, and gorgeous views of the fountain show!  Totally 'WINNING" status!
I'm a big fan of this place, it's got a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain.  While the wait can be a bit long to get a table outside it's worth it.  The food is also cheap (but not you can taste it cheap).  Steak sandwich with caramelized onions YES PLEASE! oh i mean Oui, s'il vous plait!. . The atmosphere is really relaxing and I see no problem with catching a few drinks and watching the fountain show and people watching for several hours.  Service is prompt and proper with a wine cart assisting the crew to carry around some good inventory.
I'm drooling just thinking about the food to write in the review.. . Mimosa: delicious OJ to champagne ratio. . Breakfast: Corned beef cooked to perfection with light poached eggs on top. Divine. Hash browns mixed with caramelized onions on the side, hot and melts in your mouth leaving you craving for more. Toast came with jelly and whipper butter...mmmm!!!. . Plus, we ate outside with a view of the Bellagio fountain. Perfect, relaxing, romantic, and unforgettable breakfast.
Came here for dinner with a few friends. AMAZING food. Great view of the strip. Outdoor seating is simply magnificent. Wine list is extensive and well selected.  Service was best in Vegas.. usually everyone knows your gonna go there and waste money so they are rude but, the Mon Ami Gabi staff was attentive and very respectful.. . Make reservations for sure.
Came here for dinner on a saturday night. It was AMAZING. Do make reservations because there are a ton of people waiting for a table. Their food is A+ . Had the escargot, not too garlicy & not to plain, was delicious. Also tried the peppercorn steak with mash, also delicious. Get reservations & try it out. Its worth it
I'll start off by saying this was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. . . I'll get the small "negative" about this dinner out of the way. As some people have mentioned, the hostess, reservation setup was not very friendly. They were almost robotic like, saying to go into the other line. Not the greatest first impression, but don't let that spoil the rest of the restaurant. . . This is one of the first times that we were called up to be seated at the exact time of our reservation.. . We were sat right by the Bellagio fountain view, it was perfect, and the temperature couldn't have been better. I had asked for this view when making the reservation, so make sure to do that. . . The waiter came by, and was very nice and helpful. I ordered the Rib Eye, and my girlfriend ordered one of the other steaks. I had the French onion to start, it wasn't fantastic, but not too bad. Steaks were amazing, perfectly cooked Medium rare.. . I had told the wait staff ahead of time that it was my girlfriends birthday, and they brought her out a birthday cream puff, which was amazing and a very nice surprise for her. We also ordered the banana's foster crepe, and that was one of the most delicious crepe/deserts I have ever had. . . We got to see the fountain show, had an amazing time, and the temperature was fantastic given the 103 degree weather outside. I would completely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
My wife and I ate here this past weekend, and we were very impressed. The service was prompt and courteous. Our server was very helpful pairing wines with our meals. The food was very tasty and came to the table timely. Our view was excellent, looking out to the Bellagio fountains during performances. My only issues were that I wish we had saved room for dessert and getting seated took a while despite our arrival 5 mins prior to our reservation time. All in all, it was an excellent experience, and I would happily go back for a meal.
We went there for breakfast and frankly I can't complain about anything! We were really there for the ambiance and requested to seat outside to see the Bellagio fountains as we dined. We were able to see one of the fountain shows but full disclosure: you can't really hear the music as well, or almost at all for that matter. It was a little crowded but nothing out of control. We ordered omelets and mimosas and to our surprise the food was amazing, granted we were also very hungry. For Paris, it was very reasonably priced.  . . Service was a little slow and some of the servers did look a little hurried but we didn't let that stop us from enjoying our vacation, the great view, and good food.
We were back in Vegas 3 weeks after our first trip and we went again.  French toast was terrific as was everything else.  The waitress says the OJ is fresh squeezed, just pulp free, so I'll believe her.  You really won't be dissappointed for breakfast. Go!
I was on a Vegas business trip and found good reviews of this place on yelp. Even on a Monday night they had over an hour wait, but I was able to get immediately seated at the bar as a solo diner. . . I had great service from the busy but efficient bartender. I really liked the grand marnier infused manhattan - a strong drink with just a touch of sweetness - very good. For dinner I had the pork medallions based on a recomendation. I was welcomed with the chef's carrot slaw and warm bread. The dinner was beautifully presented and delicious! The pork melted in your mouth and had a very flavorful wine sauce and was accompanied by an equally delicious stuffed tomatoe. The dinner was very reasonably priced. I almost ate there again on night 2, and went someplace with higher prices and not as good of a meal - so now I wish I had returned!
We came here for breakfast. Everything was fresh and delicious. The coffee was good as well. Overall, this was a fabulous place for breakfast with a wonderful atmosphere.
Went here for my Birthday dinner after I found out they offer a Gluten Free Menu.  Seriously, one of the best meals I have had since entertaining a GF diet seven years ago.  Truely an amazing experience.  French Martinis on the patio are preferred, but every table is a good one.  If you aren't a local, or if it's the middle of summer, the patio may be a bit harsh until the sun drops behind the Bellagio, but the view is worth it if you can stand the heat.  The service is consistent and more than competent.  You can count on an amazing experience any time you come.
Oh my! I absolutely LOVE this place! Thanks to a fellow yelper, I made sure i had lunch here and I'm glad I did! Everything is so fresh and delicious. Oh!! ANDDDDD they have the BEST espresso I've ever tasted.(This is coming from a coffee addict....fyi). . Service is top notch and it's not crazy expensive. I have officially found my "usual lunch spot" in Vegas!
Located inside Paris. Great atmosphere, experienced wait staff, and amazing food. Make sure to get a item off the "Steak and Frites" section of the menu. My filet was cooked perfectly to what I ordered. Also, try out the "Duck Confit;" a nice dip into French cuisine. Overall, the best meal I had in Vegas.
I had two trips out to Vegas planned for July, the first was with my husband, daughter and my parents and the second was with my college sorority sisters. The trips were back to back weekends and Mon Ami Gabi was one of the highlights of both trips!  . . The first week we were able to get seats on the outdoor patio, the Bellagio fountains make for an excellent table side distraction when at a restaurant with an excited 4 year old. I was a little underwhelmed by my Steak Bordelaise, but everyone else RAVED about their steaks. The Frites and Escargot were excellent.. . The second week with my girlfriends the wait for an outside table was 2 hours and we opted out of that, however they seated us on the inside where we could still see the fountains and amazingly the 28 year old women were as enthralled with them as the 4 year old had been the week before. This time I got the Steak Bernaise and it was so good! All the ladies loved their steaks as well, and for the price it really can't be beat. We each got an entree, plus 2 veggie sides, 2 apps and 2 bottles of wine to share at the table and our per/person cost was only $53, including tip. Can't be beat!
It would have been difficult to top this evening's experience at Mon Ami Gabi's. Being one who considers service to be nearly as important as the food itself, we were effectively SPOILED by our server, Chris (#93 -- ask about the numbers). The gluten-free menu was extensive, including French onion soup!! The guys ordered the sea bass (special), my friend ordered the salmon, & I ordered the chicken liver pate. We all loved our selections. The view of the water show at the Bellagio was great, especially after sunset. Chris topped off the great food and authentic French ambiance with gracious and extremely competent service. Bravo!! We'll be back. :)
Bearable weather and temps? Look for the first come first serve seating on the patio! Was out there this past weekend and in the evening...it was still maybe 95-99'f. Misters on...it was still nice to sit outside! . . Service was actually GREAT! Look for Gabriel as your go to waiter if you're sitting out there. The French food is absolutely yummy! First time escargot eater here. It wasn't that bad, put it over the French bread. . . Love the steaks, wine, VIEWs of the Vegas dressed up ladies! :) . . I'll definitely be back for dinner! I would get a bit dressed up for this place but then again they have a big touristy clientele.
This is my favorite sit-down restaurant in Vegas and it's French! . . I've eaten here every single Vegas trip minus one. And during that one I definitely tried to eat there with my friends but unfortunately we didn't plan ahead for this one.  It is hard to get in here without reservation, so plan ahead! You'll be fine with at least 2 week advance reservations. . . I LOVE the location because I always request to sit on the patio so I can watch Bellagio's water shows. They usually have a light mist on the patio to keep you cool during the hot summer. The inside of the restaurant looks nice as well, though it does get sort of loud.. . On to the food: I never miss out on their filet mignon with merlot butter. I can safely say it is the best filet mignon I've had yet because of its merlot butter. I haven't found this sauce anywhere else so I praise its uniqueness. The filet mignon just melts in your mouth. Add a glass of merlot or cabernet and you have a blissful dinner listening to opera music from across the street. . . Their spread for their bread is just delicious! It changes up but it's always unique and refreshing. I remember distinctly a sweet carrot sort of spread. yum. . . I miss the merlot butter filet mignon so much that I've tried recreating it at home. I found a good recipe on Food Network and successfully attempted it. However it will never replace my whole great experience at Mon Ami.
Great place for breakfast on the strip. Excellent service, food, infrastructure, and view.. . The blueberry waffles were perfect and came with a nice serving of fresh whipped cream. The coffee was perfect and topped off frequently.
AHHHH!!!! wanted to see what this was all about and... man! im a foodie.. and so is my friend that went with me here.... we were def amazed!!!!. . service- awesome! . . food- LOVEEEEEd it! escargot was freaking delishhhhhhiousss, and so was the mussels, potato chips (okay), and oysters were all very good. since we came just to do appetizers i cant comment on the steak, but by the taste of the appetizers I WANNA GO BACK!!!!. . even though i usually stay in my hotel and eat food there due to comps... this place will get me out of the wynn.. just to eat their escargot... especially :P. . my mouth is watering from thinking about the fooooooooood
Was in Vegas for my birthday and decided to eat at Mon Ami Gabi after seeing it on Yelp!  I was not disappointed to say the least.  We arrived a tad late for our reservation but we were seated immediately not always the case in vegas on Friday night.  Despite everyone saying we "had" to sit on the patio and watch the fountains the idea of watching sweaty drunks walking bye was not appealing so we opted instead for a table inside.  Inside the restaurant Mon Ami Gabi has some how managed to offer intimacy within the constant noise that is vegas, a quality I enjoyed.  I had a perfectly done Rib eye steak and veggies, I know its boring but I'm on a special diet.  My wife had the fillet which she raved about.  Overall Mon Ami Gabi offers Gourmet food for a modest amount a must if you re in Las Vegas.  And dont forget breakfast its awesome one word: Mimosa
DELICIOUS! Amazing food with an incredible view of the Ballagio fountains, not much else to say about the place. The food was outstanding and the service impeccable. Try the escargot and the steak frites!
Came here for brunch with a bachelor party.  We had reservations for 12 and were quickly seated.  The food was freaking amazing! I don't mind paying a premium when food taste this good. I had the egg Benedict. It was perfectly done with some of the freshest ingredients i've had.  I got a chance to try some of the other guys dishes and they were all equally as good. I am definitely going back here next time i visit Vegas.
It's all pretty simple: great food, great view, decent service, reasonably priced. Few things beat eating a steak right on the strip while watching the Bellagio water show.
Mon Ami Gabi was such a wonderful experience. On my trip to Vegas, we decided to eat at this particular restaurant because it was relatively close to where we were staying at and we wanted to try French food that didn't cost an arm and a leg. We stopped in on the Saturday lunch rush, and the wait wasn't too long. The hostess was very friendly and courteous. We requested to sit out near the patio, where it was nice and sunny, yet air-conditioned and hostess had no problem with that request. . . For the appetizer my girlfriend and I ordered the escargot bourguignon and we decided to order some bloody marys that we could make at the bloody mary bar. The appetizers came in a timely fashion with a baguette. My girlfriend was kind of worried about eating snails because she has never had them before, but I told her that she wouldn't be disappointed. When the snails came out, the presentation was OK. I guess it was standard for that particular style of escargot. The snails were buttery, which is a good thing in my opinion! The basil sauce each snail came with was superb, perfect for dipping part of the bread into. The bloody marys consisted of top shelf alcohol, which we requested, and we were free to put whatever we wanted, which is expected at a do-it-yourself bloody mary bar. I wish it was an all you can drink bloody mary bar, but one can only wish... It was very good none-the less!. . Our entrees consisted of the mussels and gazpacho. The mussels were definitely good. The mussels were cooked perfectly, not rubbery or gritty that some lower end places tend to serve. The mussels were cooked in white wine and garlic, which is like pretty standard for mussels, but they where very large and meaty. What was especially good was that the white wine sauce tasted very good with the baguette that we got at the beginning of our lunch.. . For Vegas, the food was very reasonably priced, even with the top shelf alcohol bloody mary bar. This place was much better than the overpriced MGM Grand Buffet that barely passes at edible!
Planning a party for 20 people in Vegas is a nightmare.. . Mon Ami Gabi made planning the dinner part the easiest part of my weekend.  The space is amazing, the people are nice and the food was better than I could have ever expected.  Compared to most of the places in vegas, they were very accommodating, not super expensive, and again, NICE.. . We had a bit of everything, so I'd say try it all!!
Very unpretentious & inviting for a fine dining restaurant. Had breakfast here and it was exactly what I wanted to eat after a night of drinking and staying out late. The eggs were fresh and the hash browns tasted as if I were eating something healthy, like spinach! But I didn't have spinach, I had fried potatoes :) Didn't feel like I was going to fall over into a food coma, in fact I was energized and ready to walk the strip in the 105 degree heat & ready for another full day of sin! . . EXCELLENT service
My favorite place to eat lunch in Las Vegas.  Love to sit outside and watch the fountain show while eating their fantastic french onion soup and drinking some sangaria.  Their french onion soup is by far the best I have ever had.  All the meals I have ordered there are fantastic, last time I ordered an open faced BLT and it  was great!   I frequent Las Vegas once a year, and I always make sure to eat there at least once.
Best meal I had in 5 days in Vegas!  . . Arrived at 8pm on a Sunday night without reservations.  Waited 45 minutes for a table inside, but it was well worth the wait.  We were seated at the front of the restaurant with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains - Amazing. . . We ordered the seafood platter (lobster, ahi tuna tar tare, jumbo prawns, oysters, seaweed salad) ($25), and some house "Frangria" ($4.50).  Both were delicious, and we felt it was very good value (for Vegas).  Wanted to try the creme brulee but they were sold out, so skipped dessert.  . . If I'm ever back, I will eat here again!
Spectacular service and great food. Their filet migion was amazing and cooked EXACTLY how I wanted it. The bar also did a great job with my kettle tonic. If possible, seat yourself outside for a great view of the Bellagio water show.
Filet mignon w/ merlot butter (med. rare) was sooooo good.  it's a must-have.  you absolutely cannot go wrong with that choice.. . escargot was good too, don't forget to dip bread in the sauce :). . try to get patio seating if possible, great views of bellagio fountain show.
I am addicted to the restaurant...I can't stay away from it whenever I visit Las Vegas!  I've been for breakfast and lunch and I LOVE it!  The Steak Frite Roquefort melts in your mouth and the Banana Crepe dessert is to die for!  There is a great view of the strip and the service is spectacular!  Definitely give it a try during a break from gamblijng...you'll be addicted too!
OMG great food I'm glad I read the reviews here before I went. Thank you to those for writing cool reviews of this place. Service is spot on. . . Went here for breakfast I was craving eggs benedict. My Boyfriend had ham and cheese omelet. Both dishes came out so awesome. Their fresh orange juice is so good as well. . . Asked for patio seating and got it beautiful views of the strip and front of the Bellagio Hotel. I will comeback here for dinner when I'm in town again.
Cant beat this place for breakfast. Everything was awesome, the food, the service and the view. Get there early for a good spot streetside. Oh, and try the French toast... Fabulous!
Wonderful food and splendid scenery. This was the best  meal I experienced while in Las Vegas.  I had the Skate Wing, and I can tell you it was perfect thanks to the garlic and lime in this dish.  It was so good I had to share it!  I also had the liver mousse which was delicious on toast.  The service was good and the view was great.  It was at the perfect time of the evening, at dusk when everything feels just right.  I watched the fountain show go off across the street and enjoyed a good date ;).  Absolutely lovely evening here, I will definitely return.
Some of the most delicious food here in Las Vegas!!! I went here for lunch with my boyfriend because he read some good reviews on it and it still exceeded all my expectations.. . We sat out on the patio, but were near the doors, so still felt very cool from the A/C ;) --I ordered the chicken and broccoli crepe (which I annoyingly asked for it light on the cheese sand this and that) and it came out perfect. My boyfriend ordered a steak (prime rib? I can't quite remember) sandwich which was probably one of the best we've ever eaten. It was soft and melted in your mouth. so good. . . The service was awesome as well. Our server was so kind and accommodating to all the annoying things I was asking for and was extremely good at knowing when we needed something without being asked. He clearly went above and beyond to give us great service.
Amazing! No other way to describe it. Super duper yummy food, very well priced, with one of the best amazing views and locations of the strip and fantastic service. Everything is great in the menu, you cant go wrong. In a group of 6 girls we all ordered different things and loved our food, so my advise eat what you feel like having, it will be great!
Came here for a late dinner, and waited forever for patio seating, but it was definitely worth the wait. Sitting at the patio, we were in perfect view of the Bellagio and its Fountain show that came on every 15 min. Sooo picturesque and they had the ac blasting (which was probably a big waste of energy), but I was a a very comfortable temperature throughout the entire dinner, even though it was still in the high 80s at night. . . The baguettes they provide were very good: so warm and fresh and even the butter was super good. We ordered the chicken pate to start off and I didn't know what to expect, but it was really nice. Good texture and taste. I ordered the filet mignon with the merlot butter and I devoured it completely. My sister ordered the Hanger Steak and it was truly delicious as well. As for desserts, we got the creme brulee, which tasted like a normal creme brulee and the apple tart which was kind of weird. Their desserts are good, but nothing to freak out over.. . The service was great and it was overall an amazing dinner experience.
My new favorite restaurant in Vegas. Service is first-class fine dining without the overlly expensive prices. Our waiter and wait staff was amazing never leaving us for long and always making sure our drink glasses were full.. . I went with a group of 8 girls and our bills came to around $340 with tax and gratuity. We started off the evening with 2 carafes of the Frangia (a red wine sangria $20 each), 2 warm brie appetizers, I ordered the Sea Scallops for dinner with braised asparagus which was to die for (and only $22) some of the other courses were steaks, pasta, and salads. To finish off the night we all shared 3 desserts: a warm berry tart, creme brulee, and a ice cream puff trio. . . Be sure to call ahead and make a reservation or you will be waiting a long time.
I have been going to Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris Hotel for years.  They have amazing dishes on their dinner menu (the steak roquefort and the baked cheese appetizer are my faves) and the ambiance can't be beat!  But, I have recently discovered their breakfast menu.  OMG!. . I have been to breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi twice now, and I definitely plan to go back.  Keep in mind that they stop serving at 11am, so make sure to get there by 10:30.  I also recommend a reservation, and make sure to sit at least in the indoor/outdoor patio section, if you can't sit outdoors.  Sitting inside during the day just isn't worth it.. . I have eaten the eggs benedict twice now (so good!)  My husband has had the croissant sandwich twice now and he likes that a lot too. People I went with tried an omelet with creme fraiche (made to order) and the ham and cheese crepe (with brie, instead of swiss).  They loved it all!  Their sweet breakfast items also look amazing.  Definitely a great stop when you are in Vegas!
YUM! Best French food I have in the states......love!
Whenever I'm able to go to Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi is a must. It's fantastic for lunch or dinner. Everything I've ordered has been out of this world amazing, whether it's a steak or a sandwich. My personal favourite is the Baked Cheese with marinara and herbs. AMAZING! Baked goat cheese with marinara and garlic bread. I love it so much I've tried making it at home (and whilst it's delicious), it's not nearly as good as the original. I've tried the Steak Roquefort, and the Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich. I really can't say enough good things about this restaurant. Everything is amazing! I do recommend a reservation, with plenty of time between dinner and your next event. I went there a few times before a show and wasn't able to eat because of a lack of time. Patio seating is fantastic, but be prepared to wait.
Oh mon ami! I wish I still spoke/remembered high school French! Or even better...I wished I was in France. Alas, Mon Ami Gabi will do. This petit French restaurant sitting outside - where else?!! - at the Paris Hotel!!! DUH!. . My friends and I made reservation thru Open Table and were seated at our reserved time. We were smack centered in the patio (half-way outside) facing the Bellagio's water show. I'm sure it's even more spectacular at night. If you prefer to dine here for dinner, do make reservations!!!. . Now to breakfast/brunch ...there's nothing better than eggs benedicts (YAY POACHED EGGS!!!) with crab...which is why I was SO HAPPY I went here for brunch. I LOVE crab benedicts, which seems to be a popular dish since one of my friend's ordered it too - what a copy cat! Although, I think it was best she ordered her own because honestly, I wouldn't want to share :). My other friend ordered the steak. It looked good, but he did not want to share either. After we gave the waiter our order, he complimented us that we had made a good choice and asked if we had been there before. Nope, Mon Ami Gabi virgins - we just Yelp a lot.. . Verdict: My Crab Egg Benedicts were YUM! Loved them! If it was served for dinner, i would still order it :)
When in Vegas, we stay at the Paris anyway, so it's no effort to get to MAG, but it's worth the effort regardless of where you're staying.. . Staurday morning, late breakfast........sitting just inside, away from the heat, but still with straight on view of the fountains at Bellagio.  Tammy, our kick ass server brings out bellinis straight away.   Actually, regarding the servers at MAG, we have always experienced over the top service.....those cats take their jobs seriously to give you an awesome experience even in a restaurant that is paacckkeedd....... . Now, to test Tammy further.....ordering off the menu for our favorite London Broil Eggs Benedict.....Tammy says, no problem!!!  Righteous!!!!. . Young couple behind us sat down after we got our meal and said, What's that???    Yep, he ordered it, too.. . I can't imagine a trip to Vegas without breakfast at MAG.......
This is one of my favorite restaurants in town, magnificent.  Great food, the atmosphere is wonderful and if you sit outside you can listen and watch the water dance across at the Belagio!  A "must do" item on your list on your next Las Vegas visit.
Finally tried Mon Ami Gabi after so many great recommendations and it is my new favorite restaurant!!!!!! The food is unbelievable and the atmosphere is beautiful!!!! I had the hanger steak with Merlot butter sauce and it literally melted in my mouth! My fiancee and my friend had the salmon which was delicious also, and my friend and I shared the escargot which is something you must try if you never have before! I cannot say enough about this place and just talking about it makes my mouth water! Get to Mon Ami Gabi as soon as you can and I promise it will not disappoint!!!!!!
Went here for breakfast twice with my wife. We ordered 4 menu items (mushroom/Brie omelet, turkey/egg white omelet, French toast, chicken/apple/Brie crepe) wow! All were fantastic. Lots of choices for breakfast in Vegas, but we were very happy we chose this place for 2/3 breakfasts. Service was also excellent both times (2nd time a little better than the first) do yourself a favor and go here!
Love this place! I must say that this is the best breakfast place I have ever been to!  The ambiance and location is fabulous! Located in the Paris hotel with outdoor sitting overlooking the strip facing the Bellagio's water show. I came here with 3 of our friends and we ordered all different things.. . My meal started off with their fabulous cappucino in a bowl. Super yummy! I ordered the french toast with blueberries and it was to DIE FOR! It was crispy and fluffy and was not too sweet. All the blueberries were all sweet and very juicy! I absolutely fell in love with my food! It was THE BEST french toast I have ever had in my life. Definitely one of those meals I will crave every time I am in Vegas. . . My friend ordered the corn beef hash and it was also so good! My other friends ordered the crab benedict with poached eggs and the other friend ordered the chocolate waffles with bacon which was also freaking delicious!!! We all loved our food so much and savored every bite. . . I can't say enough about how good the food is here! I am totally in love with this place!. . IF you are in Vegas please do yourself a favor and treat yourself to the best breakfast you will ever have in your life!. . Remember: Please call ahead for reservations because the outdoor sitting is always full. . . Enjoy!!!
They didn't have any table inside when we came in for a late dinner but they sat us right away inside with a table that was right next to the window so we had a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain. The service was good. We started off with the SEA SCALLOPS GRATINEES which were awesome and then had the MUSSELS MARINIERE. The mussels were a great choice as well. Each dish had a lot of flavor which complemented the seafood of choice. For my main dish I couldn't decide on a steak but ended up with the STEAK AU POIVRE which was prepared perfectly. it was a nice large and flat piece which was so tender. I don't know how they did it but I get hungry thinking about it. Their frites were just as good. Mixed in with a couple glasses of champagne and wine and we had a perfect meal. The dessert was so so. We had the creme brulee but it was missing the vanilla bean flavor that I like in most creme brulee dishes. . A must try place if you are in Vegas.
Definitely a place to check out if you're in Vegas!  . . Mon Ami Gabi is in the Paris Hotel and right across from the Bellagio fountains.  I went here with two of my friends for dinner.  I ordered a steak with merlot butter (their specialty sauce) and it came with frites.  It was absolutely delicious!!  The steak is "hammered" so it is flattened and it was so juicy and tender.  The Merlot butter?  Just as amazing as the waiter described.  . . Suggestions:  Make reservations before you go!. . I definitely want to go back and check out their breakfast and lunch menu!
Food & service is excellent.  Good place for appetizers & drinks.
AFFORDABLE FRENCH FOOD. 'nuff said.. . My friends and I all suddenly wanted to get some French food while in Vegas, so we obviously stop by Paris (hotel) right? ....if only it was the REAL Paris :P. . I was feeling seafood-ish, so I went ahead and got the Sea Scallops. The dish doesn't look much quantity-wise, but the quality was soo gooood. I had watched enough food channel and cooking shows to know what perfectly seared scallops look like - a little crispy on the outside, but a beautiful gradient from opaque white to a translucent white. The sauce is a little on the heavier side, so it managed to fill me up quite well. . . but yes.... the BAGUETTE! It was so freshly made and the butter spread was also delicious. My friend even needed to ask for a whole new serving all for himself. The flourless chocolate cake is also amazing, moist, and CHOCOLATEY in all the right ways.. . Very satisfying lunch/brunch indeed!
Steak Frites (medium rare of course): super delicious!  Cooked to perfection.. . Quiche Lorraine: melts in your mouth!. . Vanilla bean dessert: amazing!. . Service was top notch.. . Will go again!  Total tab was $70 for two!
Some stuff like our cheese appetizer was a bit pricy, but the food and service was excellent. We would definitely eat there again.
Was just here this past weekend and had the Best. Time. Ever. Made reservations - highly recommended. Had the steak frites, rare, with a few vodka sodas and had the baked cheese for an appetizer. I highly recommend the baked cheese - delish!! Manager came to the table several times to check on us, and the service was amazing. Really, can't get any better than this - and the prices were decent too!
I have been to this place twice now and each time I had their Prime Steak Sandwhich. All I can say is... AMAZING! The meat is so flavorful and tender it melts in your mouth. Service is pretty good, the servers are very professional and actually check up on you and bring you refills in a timely manner and if you sit outside you get a great view of the always colorful people walking the strip and the Bellagio water show.
This place gets 5 stars.  Vegas is expensive, but this place serves up fantastic food at realistic prices.  Beware of fake french accents!  Great views and great steaks.
Love it!  . . Location/Ambience/Energy/Service/Food=Yes!!!. . Everything I have tasted here has been well executed and excellent. . . Lobster Bisque, Shrimp Cocktail, Steaks are awesome, Herb Roast Chicken, Chocolate Mousse...Yummy!. . I actually had a New Years Dinner here on the patio, which is super cool because you are right at the center of the strip and in front of the big fireworks show especially what Bellagio puts on.   It's so much fun to people watch as well.  Since the Patio is lifted you have first hand view of all the crazy below but are also separate enough not to be bothered by the crazy.. . They have a setup for $110 for Prix Fix Dinner on the patio on New Years.  Totally worth it! Great way to celebrate and get in the mood to hit the clubs!!!. . Highly recommend!!!
This places is amazing! Nice intimate feel inside and gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains outside. I had their salmon platter as an appetizer and chicken for dinner. SO GOOD! Their creme brulee is a must for dessert
I went to Vegas for work, i dont really like Vegas but it was all paid for so why not and they dared letting the French man stay @ Paris. Ironic. One plcae I like in Vegas is Mon Ami gabi. I always stay at the terrace and enjoy the people watch. This time I went for days in a row for lunch. Enjoyed the Whispering Angel Rose, les escargots and le burger. Just enjoyable to have some nice French food and wine while staring at all the white trash walikng around with their giant Tequila plastic glass. I do Vegas style At a terrace with some rose because I think it is funny and so Un Vegas and I am French.. Love the place..
This spot is on point. Great steak, great service and great ppl. . . To start off, I had reservations for 3 for dinner before heading to the airport. Thought to ourselves, why dont we have a nice lil dinner before my friends and I all head home from a weekend of partying.  We checked in with the hostess in front and shorty after we were taken to our seats.  We were seated in the patio which was great cause we had a front row seat of the bellagio water show:) and of course every 5 mins we were greeted by the drunks walking by with a "woohoo I'm drunk" lol classic Vegas! . . Now onto the food and service. Our waiter came by gave us bread and butter to start off and told us the special of the day.for appetizer we got escargot. Mmm delish! For my main course I got steak bordelaise. Which was also yum Yums (caramelized onions and red wine sauce Mmm) and can't forget the glass of red wine. . . I can't believe I didn't try this place sooner. Prices were lower than what I expected. I Definitely Had a great time here:)
This is an absolutely amazing place to have a romantic dinner or simply have a casual dinner. I have been here once, for my birthday a year ago and the experience was amazing. My date & I sate outside, the view of the strip and the Bellagio water show was the topping on the cake:-) The food was a lot but it was delicious especially their French Onion Soup; they really set the standards for me with the Soup no other place can compare after I tasted this one by far the best. . Our waitress was amazingly sweet, helpful, funny, & tentative. I would definitely go back when I visit again.
Always my first choice for breakfast. fresh squeezed OJ nsit outside overlooking the strip and try the eggs Benedict. I usually get the salmon platter...lox, everything bagel, cream cheese, capers, onions and some greens great coffee too
I am normally averse to eateries on the Strip because I am of the opinion that they tend to be more bark than bite, and prices tend to be inflated too. But after a long day of hiking, we wanted something close by, which is to say we were hungry, it was late, and options were becoming limited. So we settled on Mon Ami Gabi. I've stayed at the Paris before, and walked by this place many times, but it never really caught my eye. I'm glad it did this time.. . We got here at 9:15 pm, with a reservation, but still had to wait 10 minutes or so, which wasn't terrible. The place looks like a French cafe, with incredibly tightly packed tables. There is a constant din from the other diners, and this being Vegas, the din is alcohol and tourist fueled. There was a table nearby of retirees singing Do You Know the Way to San Jose and another large table where some jackass kept dropping F bombs until he had food in his mouth. I kid you not. Ask for a seat on the patio, where you'll have a front row view of the Bellagio fountain. . . As soon as you're seated, a baguette with whipped butter appears PDQ, but because it was so busy, the rest of the service tended to be a bit slow. Don't let that discourage you from coming here though! . . For appetizers, we had the jumbo lump crab cake and mussels mariniere. The crab cake was literally just one little crab cake, served with a celery salad and a sauce gribiche, which is like an aioli. The gribiche was delicious, and the crab cake was decent, but was obviously overmixed. The lump crab was unmercifully beaten into shreds. The mussels however, were fantastic! They were huge, plump, and juicy, served in a delicious white wine and butter herb sauce. They must have been Mediterranean mussels, since blue mussels don't get this big. . . We also tried the seared salmon and steak roquefort. The salmon was cooked to perfection, flaky, but still moist. I was impressed with their technique, though I am pretty sure it was farmed Atlantic salmon, as the flavor was tame. But still, it was a good piece of fish. . . But this place is known for its steak frites, so I had to have a steak, and I chose the steak roquefort. All of the steak frites, save for those steaks specifically identified as another cut, are top sirloin, which for my money is among the beefier cuts of meat. Top sirloin is sometimes a bit tough, though not here. My steak was pounded so thin it only had one side to it! But it was amazingly moist and tender (ordered medium rare), and the roquefort sauce was packed with flavor. Each bite just melted in my mouth!. . We finished our meal with a warm flourless chocolate cake, which was also delicious. Deeply chocolatey and moist, but light and fluffy, which is unusual for a cake of this type. It was served with a dollop of whipped cream and some berries, which provided a nice counterpoint to the chocolate.. . All in all, this was one of the best meals I had in a while, and Mon Ami Gabi will become one of my regular haunts in Vegas.
I love this restaurant, and I don't even eat steak!. . Long before my dad worshiped the SW steakhouse, this is where we could come during our tri annual trips to Vegas. I have probably eaten here a dozen times, and everyone I have recommend it to, loves it.. . Even though I don't order steak, I have tried it here, with the blue cheese reduction...yum.. . Honestly, I could have the warm bread, butter and wine and probably be just fine. . . Everything we have ever ordered has been awesome, I had the chicken last time we were there and their version of mac and cheese. I'm pretty sure I scraped every ounce of cheese of that dish.... . ENJOY
Right when we were seated we were given an apple and raddish starter, complimentary of the chef.  It was a nice palate cleanser and a surprisingly delightful gesture.  . . We started with the Butter Lettuce and Apple Salad with Beets and Aged Goat Cheese and Onion Soup Au Gratin.  Then we shared the Smoked Salmon with Brioche and Creme Fraiche, and the Skate Wing with Garlic Potato Chips.  Everything tasted amazing!  . . We sat on the patio directly across from the Bellagio fountains and we loved the ambiance!  As cheesy as a fake Parisian Eiffel Tower is, the restaurant has a really romantic vibe and we really enjoyed the ambiance.  . . Tip:  The wait was an hour long for patio seating, so make reservations or be prepared to wait.  Good thing the pager works anywhere inside the casino!
We had our wedding dinner for about 50 guests here in April. We chose the private room and it accomodated us nicely. The service was superb from start to finish. The food impecable. Not a single guest had anything bad to say-in fact they all raved about the service and how delicious the food was. They let me set up the room the way I wanted it and bring in a cake. Honestly, there was nothing I would change. They helped make our wedding an incredible evening to remember and I am truly grateful to them for their service.
Delicious! Fresh hot bread, fancy french fries, Belagio water show... all in one! What more can you ask for?
I was fortunate enough to be staying at Paris which gave me the opportunity to stop by Mon Ami Gabi not just once, but twice during my stay over there.  This was the first time that I've eaten here twice in one trip, and that's a great thing!. . For my first visit I treated my mom out for dinner, which would be the first in a series of treats for her (followed by Bouchon and RM Seafood).  Patio Dining of course.  The weather was gorgeous and we had a great view of the Fountains of Bellagio.. . I ordered their Seared Atlantic Salmon which was cooked good and really tasty despite its simplistic presentation (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=U9uc4zMFj4pWaez_cKWYcw).  But sometimes less is more!. . I was really jealous of my mom when I saw her Trout Amandine with toasted almonds, haricot vert, tomato, and brown butter (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=hIVN3kXbY2-PRPbwMHJN-g).  It looked really amazing!  And I knew she loved it!. . For my second visit, it's become a tradition for me to have breakfast here before I fly back home, so that's exactly what I did for the third consecutive time.  Since I didn't have a chance to order any steak my whole trip, I decided to go with the classic Steak & Eggs (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=80uPZHrtVgfiKBZDx8djaA).  The Steak was cooked perfectly and same went with the Eggs.  And their Hash Browns never disappoint.  Definitely hit the spot for me, and was a great way to finish off another Foodie Trip in Vegas.  . . And as expected with both visits, the service was just incredible.  Both waiters I had for each service were very attentive and helpful, and the water and food servers were on top of their game.  A very well oiled machine!. . You can see why this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and why I keep coming back.  It's just the perfect spot.  Till next time Mon Ami Gabi!
Had a relaxing and good breakfast with friends on the patio, this is a great way to start a day in Vegas!
What's not to love?  We ate lunch here and it was so good we came back for dinner!  salads...great.  Steaks..awesome.  Great place to eat.
I LOVED this place. Came here for my birthday dinner with 12 other of my friends. Be sure to reserve early for a big group. We didn't get much of a view since reservations are only for indoor dining, but the experience was still great.. . The steaks are so tasty.. . Rib Eye with au poivre instead of the bearnaise sauce. Boyfriend's dish. So glad we switched the sauces! The peppercorn sauce is so tasty, the sauce complements the steak very well. It comes with a side of fries that are more like chips! it's so crunchy, my boyfriend finished his whole portion.. . Sea Scallops - My scallops could have been seared a bit more brown, but still well cooked. It came with a side of asparagus and butternut squash puree. The puree was just okay, not as flavorful. I used my boyfriends peppercorn sauce to make up. :p. . Steak Bordelaise - i tried this dish from my friend and YUM! The onions were very sweet and savory. Really good balance with the steak.. . I was able to try most of the other sauces and they were all very tasty. My favorite is still the peppercorn sauce.. . Overall, this is one restaurant in Vegas that I would definitely come back to. The prices are reasonable and the food is wonderful.
Me and hubby came for dinner one night when we went to Vegas. The food was amazing, tasty and decadent. Had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains across the street and a romantic atmosphere. Must haves: french onion soup and salmon.
Honestly, our experience at Mon Ami Gabi was off to a very rocky start.Despite the fact that we had a reservation, we had to wait in a long, long line - one that was longer than the line for people without a reservation. Does this make sense? Okay, we wait patiently. We ask if we could be seated outside. The wait is an hour and a half. Okay, we opt for inside, take our pager, and head to the slots. Lo and behold, 15 minutes later we are paged and then inexplicably seated OUTSIDE! Call it beginner's luck. And what a great view of the Strip all abuzz with activity, and a great view of the infamous Bellagio fountain just behind the palm trees! Perfect. . The food? The endive, pear & bleu cheese salad was delicious, and the ribeye on the bone was cooked a perfect medium rare. The frites were a cross between a french fry and a potato chip. Addictive, but we had to save room for dessert. Profiteroles were freshly assembled - a perfect rendition of the bistro classic. Cocktails and wines with entree and dessert were perfect as well.. We lucked out with a dynamite server named Dawn! She was always right on top of things. All told, a perfect start to our Vegas weekend! The prices were not out of the ordinary for any good restaurant in Vegas. The only strange thing that happened was that I later received an email from Open Table saying that Mon Ami Gabi had cancelled my reservation - AFTER we had already dined there. Ah well, just a technical glitch that didn't change our experience in the least. Bravo, Mon Ami!
My family & I had such a great time at Mon Ami Gabi. They have a very nice outdoor seating right on The Strip, so we had a great view of the Bellagio fountains (right across) and the interesting crowd milling by.. . We were lucky to have such a great hostess. I love their bread, French Onion Soup, Escargots, Duck Leg Confit, and Prime Rib. Didn't get to order dessert because we were pressed for time.
Now this review is truly overdue.  I went to Vegas months ago, but never got the chance to finish this review.  With a Vegas trip possibly in the near future, I thought it pertinent I got this one out.    . . With reservations placed online, we didn't have to wait.  Located right in front of the Paris Casino, you can't miss it.  An exposed patio section displays itself to the Strip.  I was in debate whether to have lunch or dinner here and since our schedule forced us to choose dinner.  Dinner it was.  The lighting is dimly lit and has a romanticized atmosphere layered with a generally casual ambience.  . . Looking through the menu, Bun and I had no idea what to order.  Thank goodness, we had a Hank Azaria for our waiter.  It wasn't really him, but it really looked like him.  If you don't know who that is, he's most known for voice acting numerous characters on The Simpsons such as Chief Wiggum and Moe.  He played the French guy Ben Stiller's movie wife had an affair with in Along Came Polly.  Coincidentally in that movie, the scuba instructor he plays is French.  My eyeballs opened a little bigger in shock when the first words laced with his French accent popped out.  That waiter whose name I do not recall will be called Hank for remainder of this review.    . . After sifting through the entire menu, we both ended up choosing steaks with frites.  There seemed to be a crazy number of different choices of ways they prepared steaks that I had no clue what they were.  Hank gave us a full detailed debriefing for each kind and how they were cooked.  I was certainly impressed.  He also gave us the option to make the steak a filet mignon instead.  That was a no brainer.  . . As our starters, Bun ordered the soup du jour which came in and was served out of a curiously interesting jug.  It was then poured onto the plate which had a little cream in the center.  I wanted to originally get a regular salad, but he convinced me to order the frisee and bacon salad.  Hank said it was a very common salad in French cafes in France.  I guess I played sucker to that one and yielded to his request.  This salad had a poached egg, bacons slices, and caramelized onions.  He even showed me how you're supposed stir the egg evenly through the whole salad before eating it.  The salad was simply marvelous.  I sampled some of Bun's soup and it had nice level of creaminess and was really good.   . . When our filet mignons came, my mouth instantly watered like Homer Simpson when he sees a donut.  It was tenderness on blast.  Cooked to a nice medium rare as requested and served with a side of frites, it filled my stomach up to the brim.  I was really surprised considering the prices.  To not over exceed one's expectation, this wasn't $200 Kobe beef.  That would be an unfair comparison.  Yet this filet mignon was excellent enough with its simple design to easily deliver the same goal.       . . While holding our full stomachs, Hank comes over to offer a dessert menu or some coffee.  I don't even remember responding back.  I think my stomach said something on the line of needing the bill so we can roll our full buttocks out.  Obviously, by now one can tell my impression of their service was very gracious and cordial.  The food was more than just reasonable.  It was a good, unadulterated, affordable Vegas meal.  A return visit is in the horizon.
Oh.  Mah.  Gah.. . Perfection.  . . Friendly, professional service.  . . Parsnip and Apple Soup BLOWS YOUR MIND.  It was amazing.  . . Shrimp cocktails were good.  Nothing fancy, but it was just shrimp cocktail.. . Ribeye and Filet were ordered by the table and they were delicious. Well prepared.  Flavorful.  Beefy.  Everything you want in a steak.  . . Stay for dessert.
Omg! Best French bistro on the strip. Since most restaurants on the strip are ridiculously expensive this one was surprisingly affordable, especially if you go there for lunch. . . I ordered the French Onion Soup which tasted oh so good with the right amount of cheese melted on top of it. Then the Sea Scallop Gratinees were superbly seasoned and perfectly cooked. The Escargot de Bugogne was basked in garlic-y goodness and was very tender. Lastly, my Steak au Poivre was so tasty. I swapped out my fries for a side of Cauliflower Puree which was so creamy and delicious it almost tasted like mashed potatoes. . . The service was excellent. Our server was professional and attended to our needs with excellent timing.
Me and my husband wanted to have a special meal while we were just stopping in Vegas for the night, and we weren't dissappointed after reading the reviews first of our hotel's restaurant here. I was absolutely craving seafood, and we noticed they had a dinner for 2 of lobster, shrimp, tuna sashimi, and fresh oysters- it was DEVINE! We had our neighbor diners gapping at the tray full of seafood they brought us. Everything was fresh and flavorful, and actually really reasonably priced for what it was (it was the couple of drinks we had that made our bill pricey).  The atmosphere was cozy, dark and romantic inside, just like a French bistro should be, and the service was spectacular. It was the perfect experience, and I can't wait to go back next time we're in Vegas.
This place was excellent!  Getting a reservation was very easy.  The lighting was very low and it is definitely a romantic place if you want to take that special person in your life.  . . The french bread that they serve is very fresh and tasty.  I tried the warm olives and warm brie with honey as appetizers and was very happy with both.  For my entree, I ordered one of the specials they were offering, Duck L' Orange with mac and cheese.  This duck was amazing!  We paired our dinner with a pinot noir that definitely fit the bill.  The service was top-notch.  I would definitely try this place again.
Gabi is mi amiga, my bestie, my BFF, as well as Mon Ami.  Eating on the patio is the best, a transport to Paris.  The patio is an absolutely fantastic place for people watching.  It's right on the Las Vegas Blvd, with an amazing view of the Belagio fountains...and even on the hottest of days, some of the best misters spraying down some welcome coolness.. . The food is wonderful, and the service lovely.  I've tried a half dozen or so items, but always seem to return to my favorite - steak and pomme frites.  AWESOME.  I also love the Brie Burger, which is very tasty, and the secret...shhhhh...herb butter placed inside the patty before they cook it.  It oozes was flavor!  Tres delicieux!. . Love love love the shredded carrot salad that served with their fresh, warm baquette.  It's definitely the best darn bread I've had outside of Paris.  . . The wine list is impressive.  It has very reasonable wines by the glass, too, so as to fit into any budget.. . Among all the places I've eaten at it Vegas, this is always really consistently great, and when you mix in the outdoor patio experience - it's one of my favorites.
Excellent food! We had to return for round 2 during our week in Vegas! Blue berry french toast and corned beef hash were amazing! Can't wait to go again!
This place has a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains from both the indoor and outdoor patio areas. The seating area that is completely indoors has a different ambiance, as it had low lighting and was more intimate, with not much of view. . . The food was amazing and the service was great. I ordered the Slow-Braised Beef Eggs Benedict. Ohh man ... the meat was so tender and full of flavor, while the English muffin was toasted to perfection. The bacon they serve is also really good. The mimosas were a bit too champagne-y for my taste. This place is great and I plan to come back during my next visit!
Not onlyis the name fun to say, the location,location,location is fun too!  The outdoor terrace is the place to be to view and hear the Bellagio Fountains. It also happens to be one of the best people watching/vehicle watching place on the LV Strip!  And oh yeah, did I mention the food is fantastic (the bread is amazing) and the service superb?  From salads to desserts, you can't go wrong, and the price for lunch is very reasonable.  French fare with American flare, all situated on one of the most fascinating terraces on the Strip! If you get there late, you will probably have to wait for a table outside, but it's worth the wait! Bon appetite!
I love this place! The best filet mignon I've ever had! The food is wonderful and the servers extremely helpful. I have certain food intolerances and the servers are great ensuring you get the food you want while working around the allergies/intolerances. . . I went to Mon Ami's last year just to check it out. I enjoyed it so much we went back to Vegas this year primarily for Mon Ami's!
OK- yes its expensive, but OH-so worth it!  Amazing service, food, & atmosphere. Great everything breakfast right down to the best jelly ever.
Dinner with great friends right under the Eiffel Tower and overlooking the Bellagio Fountain. The scenery doesn't really get any more perfect than that. The food was great... I give it 4 stars. The view of the strip from the outdoor patio is another star. The service was great as well. I got the Filet Mignon Au Poivre and it was tender, juicy, and medium... just the way I like it. They also give you an "amuse bouche," which is sort of like a small teaser appetizer, compliments of the chef. It's pretty fancy, schmancy so I'd dress up when coming here. It's definitely a great place for a romantic date.
I absolutely adore Mon Ami Gabi! The atmosphere is perfect, service is always good and the food is delicious.. . My boyfriend & I decided to have our anniversary dinner here out of allllll the Vegas restaurants simply based on the ambiance. The outdoor seating is the best (hello, Bellagio fountain show!) but be prepared to wait because they only accept reservations for their indoor seating. For such a popular restaurant with an amazing location, the price point at Mon Ami Gabi is totally reasonable. The restaurant falls between a casual/lively/family setting and an intimate/date setting.. . The Pear & Endive salad, Trout Amandine and Classique Steak Frites we ordered were on point. I seriously cannot get enough of their Frites! It's the perfect cross between crunchy potato chips & fries....so addicting. The service was really welcoming & not pretentious at all. I was even surprised to see our waiter open a brand new wine bottle for me at our table when I only ordered a glass of Pinot Grigio...impressive.. . Brunch here is delicious as well...I love their Quiche! And if you've ever been curious about Escargot, I would recommend ordering it here only because it's drenched in garlic & parsley...not as scary as one would think ;)
Wow! Great restaurant. My wife and I reserved a table for two for breakfast on a recommendation from a local. The breakfast was absolutely off the hook. Everything was great, I had eggs and hash browns and my wife had crepes. Mmmmmm! The fruit platter with creme fraiche and mint syrup on the side was a great way to end our brunch. The staff were very nice and helpful and knowledgeable. The food was so delicious we decided to have our last dinner there, which between my wife and I is very rare since we love to try new restaurants every chance we get and there sure is a huge variety to choose from there in Las Vegas. Dinner for two with appetizers and a bottle of wine was very reasonable and the food soooo delicious. Try the French Onion Soup, best I've ever had. Complete dinner for two with a shared dessert and a shot of espresso was well south of two bills. Coming from San Francisco, this caliber of restaurant would have been over two bills.. . You gotta make reservations if you want to be seated right away. The best part, it was so easy to do so over yelp, made our reservations the same day a few hours before we went. This was on a week day so I recommend advanced reservations on a weekend or busy day.
I had Thanksgiving Dinner here!!!  This restaurant is amazing in every aspect, and overall I had such a wonderful experience that no doubt this place deserves 5 whole hearty stars :). * * * * *. . Place: Nothing gets better than this... Patio seating facing the strip, directly across from the Bellagio fountains with a great of the Eiffel tower just above us. This is really the place to be for a romantic dinner. We enjoyed our dinner as the Bellagio fountains "performed" for us. It was a chilly night, but the heaters kept us nice and toasty.. . Service: This was our first meal that entire day, so we were FAMISHED. As a result, we asked for bread refills three times, and even then our server was still very patient and pleasant. The place was pretty busy, but we got seated very fast :). The place is huge!. . Food: I got the Thanksgiving set meal, which came with oysters and smoked salmon for appetizers, turkey for entree, and pumpkin bread pudding for dessert. All of that came out to $45 before tax and tips, and that utterly destroyed my wallet. Nonetheless, I thought it was worth the experience, and that meal was big enough to feed two :).
I rarely give 5 stars, but this place definitely deserves a 5*.. For the quality of food, the service, and the atmosphere..
I cant get enough of this place!! The steaks are the best in the west!! Its a french steakhouse and its a must everytime im in Vegas. Outside seating faces bellagio and you can dine while having dinner listening to the music and watching the water show.. A las vegas landmark in my option. A++
I have been here a number of times and I always have a good experience...especially after UNLVino.  I love the Steak Bearnaise with frites and drinks from the bar...see Adrienne (sp)?
I have loved eating at Monami since my first visit.  The staff is always nice and helpful, and the food is delicious.  The first time I came, I had the filet mignon which was the best fillet I had tasted to date.  Always have to munch on the bread & butter, carrot spread or pate.  Try to put your name in for the patio seating at night so you can watch the Bellagio water show while eating.  We always make it a point to have one meal at Monami while in Vegas.  Breakfast dishes are also very good and the coffee is perfect.
We could talk about the great service, or the pop in your mouth oysters, or we could even talk about the melt in the mouth steak but if you leave this place without the chocolate pudding you are insane. Special shout out to Irish Sean, our waiter and know that it was super gay friendly as I was there with my gorgeous girlfriend and her BFF gay boy friends.
This is my go-to restaurant in Vegas! I eat there at least on every time I go. You really can't beat the service for the price and the food is amazing. There is something for everyone on the menu. I felt like I was at a fancy 5 star restaurant. Amazing!
I have been dinning at Mon Ami Gabi Rstaurant 2-3x year for the past 10 years. Five stars just does not give it justice and worth every bit of 10 stars! Service is the best on the strip, and bar tenders are so funny they need their own headliner show! Food is consistantly fantastic! Everything is fresh and cooked as requested. Sitting outside gives you a view of the B fountains unlike any other. I highly recommend this restaurant, its service, bar tenders and food for any occasion! Don't go to Vegas and not dinne here!
If I could write a cluster of expletives as my review for this place and not get kicked off Yelp, I would.  I mean, how the hell can food be THIS good?!  Drugs.  It's gotta be drugs.  The food MUST be laced with crack or something because the minute I left I immediately went into withdrawal.  I was in Vegas with some girlfriends and one of them had eaten here before.  She highly recommended it so we decided to give it a try.  I think we got there, say...around 12:00pm.  Maybe not the best time since 12 noon is universal lunch time.  Anyway, we get a buzzer, are told that it might be a 30 minute wait, and proceeded to peruse the menu.  Bad idea.  30 minutes felt like 30 hours after greedily seeing everything that was on the menu.  After what seemed like an eternity, our buzzer happily vibrated and we practically ran inside the restaurant.  Speed is not something that is highly valued here.  So let's just say that we probably waited a good hour for our food.  BUT!  But, my friends, we were prepared.  We each ordered either their mushroom soup or french onion soup.  Now, I'm not a big french onion soup aficionado, but this soup came w/ GLOBS of cheese.  I'm talking about just getting a chunk of it and throwing it in that bad boy.  Um..yeah, I was licking the cheese off the side of the bowl. And I wasn't alone.  The WARM french bread LOAF that they brought to the table was excellent.  I really had to restrain myself from not devouring the entire thing, we were so hungry!!!!  And finally, after staring every waiter down, after thinking that every tray was making its way to our table, we got our food.  I've never had french cuisine before and leave it to me to order the only non-French item on the menu: a bacon cheeseburger.  But it was topped with an egg!  Isn't that how the French eat it?!  No?  Oh.  Anyway, this burger made me want to cry, sing, dance, make love to it, yell at it for cheating on me with other patrons, stalk it on facebook, etc.  My friend sitting next to me ordered their seared ahi tuna burger and she was in heaven.  But alas, I was ill prepared for the culinary greatness that I was about to encounter.  One of my friends ordered their Steak Classique.  And...AND!...she ordered it medium rare.  When I took a bite of that steak, I swear I saw the second coming of Christ, because this HAD to be the end of the world.  I closed my eyes, bowed my head, and thanked God for letting me experience this moment.  Words cannot explain the series of emotions I felt after biting into this steak.  It's really not fair for food to taste this good.  I'm actually getting quite angry.  Damn steaktease.  The only negative (if you can call it that) that I'm giving belongs to...sigh...the frites.  Yes, they're labeled as french fries but they were straight up potato chips.  Now I love potato chips as much as the next man, but when I'm in the mood for FRENCH fries, I want my FRENCH fries, ya know?  Oh :(  But how can I stay mad at you, Mon Ami Gabi.  You are the perfect lover.
For my first time there, it was a really nice experience.. . Dinner was great, the ambience was so pretty we sat in the window room, even though the doors were open to the outdoor seating we were not cold.  Our service was incredible. I had steak & frites and when I could not decide between the bernaise or the poivre sauce, I was brought both. The steak was very tasty. When I could not decide on a glass of wine a cart was wheeled over and I was given tastes to decide on the right wine for me.. . We skipped on dessert this time. But we'll be back for sure!
A perfect breakfast spot on the Strip.  Recently returned and was thrilled even more, so hence the 5 stars!  Actually took advantage of their under $10 make-your-own bloody Mary bar.  Olives, pickled veggies and even beef sticks!!  What a perfect idea!  I love my friend Gabi!
Incredible restaurant on the strip! Very reasonable prices, outstanding service, an breathtaking views. Bar none, my favorite meal on the Strip.
91.00 for the following items. pate. filet mignon plate. steak a la house. 2 glasses of wine. complimentary bread. . ambiance: pleasant although a bit warm , scenery included the water show across the street which I enjoyed.. service: server was attentive and nice eventhough she had another table with a whole bunch of rude drunks.. Now on to the most important the FOOD:. the pate came with bread and grapes (perfectwith the wine). The butter filet mignon was sooooo delishes my.  bf who ordered the larger steak even wanted my dish. The sidedishes these meat plates came with was "frites" which are just thinnly cut french fries, I'd love to have seen less fries and maybe another side like veggies! Overall I'm definitely returning when I'm in vegas.
Just wonderful. . . Came here for breakfast and it was perfect. We decided to sit outside and it was a gorgeous day and the location is as good as it gets. You get a nice view of the Bellagio, Caesars, and The Cosmo and can people watch while you eat (in the non-creepy sense of the term). . . Our server was one of the best I've had while dining EVER. Demetrius was his name I believe. Real classy guy and had "The Sense" as I hope all servers do ("The Sense" - knowing when and how often to check in on a table). Very polite and seemed like a pro at his job. The food also came out quickly so that was impressive as well. . . I ordered the Turkey and Egg White Omelette which was delightful. Just the perfect amount of food for someone who is hungry but not looking to stuff his/her face till exploding. My gf kept it simple and just ordered the Three Egg dish and she enjoyed it. What was great about it was that the sausages were actual sausages. Not those dinky,  index finger-sized, shriveled sausages you normally get from a Denny's or Ihop. Prices aren't too bad either - pretty much average $11-18 a dish. . . This is a great place to come for breakfast or brunch. Highly recommended. Ask for Demetrius, he is great!
I rarely give 5 stars...and I'm really picky about my steak. I was in Vegas with the bf, decided I'd turn to Yelp for some good dinner recommendations. Yelpers, you didn't let us down. We came here for dinner our first night in Vegas.. . We had escargots as appetizer. My first time having snail so I had nothing to compare it to, and I tend to get hesitant about unusual/exotic foods...but bf said it was really good so we'll go with that.. . For dinner, I had the Filet Mignon Merlot Steak, medium-well, came with their fries. It was AMAZING, cooked to perfection, full of flavor. I like my meat to be juicy and tender but not very red. At a lot of places, if you request your meat to be well done, the meat comes out to dry, and if you want it juicy, you have to go with medium or rare. But this place did an amazing job at making it perfect - cooked well enough for my taste but still juicy and FLAVORFUL. Bf had the Steak Bordelaise, which he was very happy with as well.. . Great experience, will definitely be back when in Vegas again!
Such a good steak. One of the best I've had in a long time. Service was great as well.
Oh Yes !!! you did it again Mon Ami Gabi..Had lunch here on 12/16/2011  This is a spot on consistent restaurant. We always have lunch here at least once whenever we come to Vegas and it never fails the outstanding experience... Just think about it , the weather is in the 60's you are seating outside with both views of the Eiffel Tower and The Bellagio fountains across while sipping Mimosas or a fine Pinot Noir. Then you have an excellent meal whic consists of escargots, french onion soup, a filet mignon with pomme frittes ..chocolate souffle for dessert....priceless..
great view for Bellagio foundation show!. . Ordered French Onion soup and Classic Quiche Lorraine - both are amazing and one of the best I ever had!
The food there was very good and so was the service. It a nice and classy place.
What a find! I would venture that it's the only place on the strip where you can have such a great view and good food at such a reasonable price. The bread was delicious, the drinks were great, and the steak was gigantic, it could have really been split between two people. We sat on the inner patio and still had a great view of the Bellagio show. Service was good. And our waiter even spoke with a French accent (although I'm 98% sure it was fake to increase the ambiance).
Amazing! I am not usually a meat and potatoes person, but this place may have changed my mind. The crusty baguette with butter was a great starter, the filet merlot was mind blowingly good, the service was fast and very friendly despite the place being packed, and the ambiance was great. Also very reasonably priced for a Las Vegas steakhouse. Will be returning for sure next year.
Dinner. . Wait - made reservations through yelp. no wait. . environment- romantic, especially the view of the Bellagio fountain. . . service - very nice people, very helpful. we were seated in the back, when we asked for a seat in the front they moved us after another table left. . ordered- Onion Soup (a must get) the cheese was creamy, the soup was awesome. the perfect taste, not too salty and not too bland. . the filet mignon steak, it wasnt my favorite. but it was decent. . the creme brule was great!! a must try.
We made reservation thru yelp - first time doing so - and it was a seamless experience.  We were planning to go to a show from 6-8 so made dinner reservations at 9.  Plans changed and we were idle and hungry at 7:30.  We decided to head over and see if we could move up the reservation, but were dismayed to see a long line up.  We asked anyway and the hostess found my yelp reservation (yay!) and said, "of course.  would you like to eat now?".. The place was packed the night before NYE as we were led thru the space to our cozy little table for 2. . Our waiter Franciose was spectacular.  Sooooooo charming and attended to every little detail. The amuse bouche that came with the bread was an addictive little slaw of grated beets, fennel and a peppery vinaigrette.  Could have eaten a large salad plate of the stuff.  Franciose was very happy to describe all the ingredients to us.  Hopefully it can be replicated at home!  We sampled a plate of 3 cheeses which were all divine.   I had the 2 specials of the night Parsnip soup and Dover Sole Menueire.  My husband had French Onion soup and Steak Bordelaise. . Food was fantastic, by any standard.  Service tonight was superstar!!!
How do people view French food?  "Bread and wine", "Snails", and "I don't know, all I know are French Fries" are the popular answers in America, but after you try this place out there is no other answer but delicious.  We have eaten the escargot, the French onion soup, the Filet Mignon, the Sirloin, and drank some wine.  . . Let me start with the appetizers.  The escargot and the French onion soup was delightful.  It was my first time trying the escargot, and it was sublime!  There is a sort of cheesy texture to it; not what I had expected, but it was very good.  The French onion soup was the best I have ever had.  Most French onion soups are (in one word) salty.  Very little salt taste in this one, but the cheese inside this soup makes up for the absence sodium.  Very creative and very good.  If you have not tried their escargot or French onion soup, I suggest you try these two when trying this restaurant.. . The bread and butter that came with the meal was great.  Real French style bread and the butter which melted on the bread upon contact was wonderful.  Their wine selection was adequate.  I had myself a Bordeaux and the misses had a Nutty Russian.  The wine was a great compliment to the bread and butter and later the steaks, but the Nutty Russian had too much alcohol for a mixed drink to my taste.  . . Now the main dishes: the steaks!  Let me start by saying the Filet Mignon here is now my personal standard for all Filet Mignons.  The beef steak cut literally like butter!  I had ordered it medium rare (how steak should be eaten).  The moment I bit into a piece of that steak, my mouth was filled with an over joyous sensation that can not be put into words.  You just have to try it for yourself.  The misses' Sirloin was good, but it was nothing compared to my steak.  . . The service here is great.  The waitress made us feel as if we were good friends.  Great conversation, did not feel rushed, and made our experience all the better.  The food came out on time, and when something was late like our appetizers, she explained why in full detail; without us asking.  This shows punctuality on her part.  . . This is definitely one place I am coming back to eat in when I am in Vegas again.  Not just being the best French restaurant, but let's name this place a great steakhouse too, if not just for it's Filet Mignon.  Cheers everyone and happy yelping!!
Great food here.. . Banana Foster's Waffles (might be the best waffles I've had). French Toast (wife said it was the best french toast she's had). Corn Beef with hash browns (corn beef was decent but the hit were the hash browns which had some sort of caramelized onion on it). . Awesome food.  We had a group of 10 (6 adults and 4 kids)
Best filet mignon I've ever had! And I live in LA where I've tried plenty of filet mignon dishes at numerous fancy restaurants. I went to Vegas twice in a two week period, and came back to Mon Ami Gabi on my second visit. I wondered if the filet I had on my first trip was a fluke, but I ordered it again and it lived up to its high expectations. I order the filet mignon with the roquefort butter - it's a must try!! They serve it with some sort of vegetable, or you can choose fries I believe. . . The service at Mon Ami is excellent. The servers are courteous and prompt, and if you stop to look around you can see everyone working really hard. I also tried Mon Ami for brunch. I tried the crepe with fruit, it wasn't as amazing as the dinner I had there but it was still good. For brunch we sat on the patio which I definitely recommend. It's great for people watching and to see the Bellagio fountain show of course! For dinner they will bring out a little baguette with butter before your meal. It's warm and delicious! . . The prices are as expected for a nice restaurant. It's not cheap. It's not ridiculous. The bottom line is that it's GREAT food on the Vegas strip, which is sometimes really hard to find. The only thing that can be tough about this place is the wait time. If you want to go there call and make a reservation! There are always people waiting no matter what time you go. I really love this restaurant, I wish they had one in LA. I'm still daydreaming about my filet mignon.
I'm officially spoiled. I will never visit Vegas again without going to this restaurant at least once. It's right on the strip directly across the Bellagio and the water show. The dark ambiance was extremely beautiful and the place is huge, so lots of seating. We got the best seat in the house, right in the center of the patio. We had to wait a little while for our seat, so my friends and I got free drinks just because we had to wait (so nice of them!). There were heaters outside so we were very comfortable. It was a cold night after all. We tried the escargo and mussels. Both were delicious, though I preferred the mussels because I just love seafood. I ordered the salmon with mashed potatoes and mushrooms. It was out of this world delicious. The mashed potatoes were so smooth they melted in my mouth. Don't know how they got them so smooth. The salmon was unbelievable, and so were the  mushrooms. My friends got steak and it was very thin and cooked exactly how they asked. They couldn't stop raving about it. The service was excellent, the food was excellent, the location and ambience were PERFECT. I can't wait to go back.
Ahh, this is why I live in Vegas:  to be able to visit Paris, New York, and Venice, all without a single TSA body-cavity search!. . We had tickets for Anthony Cools at the Paris, and a $30 coupon for Mon Ami Gabi, courtesy of - -  I have no idea why it came in the mail.  I'd been wanting to try it for a long time, so it was the perfect opportunity to sample the restaurant on the cheap.. . I called for reservations at around 6 pm, and when I was told their first available was at 9:15, we decided to take our chances with the line.  We got beepers for both the patio and inside, and the 45 minute to one hour wait turned out to be pretty accurate.  The patio beckoned first, and I sure was happy about that!  No matter how many times I see the Bellagio water show, it never ceases to delight me.  And though it was a chilly night, all the propane heaters blasting away kept my left side warm enough to remove my jacket.. . I ordered a glass of rose, and it was great that the waiter brought out a bottle and poured a taste for me.  I hated the rose, since I'm not a fan of dry.  So much better than having a bartender do the pour, and then have to send the whole glass back or tough it out.  The waiter asked what kind of wine I like, and came back with a fresh glass and a bottle of Vouvray.  That wine was perfection!. . Hubby and I shared a hanger steak and a salmon/spinach salad.  I ordered the steak medium rare; he likes his steak cooked to the consistency of shoe leather, so I knew he'd be sending his half back.  Turned out he had to:  the steak was still mooing.  It was on the live side of rare, but it was so delicious that I forged ahead.  He sent his back to be cooked medium, and it came back the way it was originally ordered, i.e., medium rare.   In an attempt at health-consciousness, we had asked if we could substitute the garlic spinach for the frites, and the answer was "yes, for a two-dollar upcharge."  The spinach was so good we were happy we'd done that.  But when hubby's steak was returned, it was garnished with that big portion of frites that we'd spurned.  There went the New Year's Resolution, and they stayed crispy down to the last one.. . The salmon was a rather thin portion, and a bit OVERcooked.  Though many people don't prefer it, a really good restaurant will undercook salmon.  But the flavor was delicious, and the citrusy dressing on the spinach was delicate and not drowning the dish.. . Though the food wasn't cooked to the highest standard, it was terrific, nonetheless.  Add a great baguette, wonderful service devoid of any hauteur (our waiter was Mexican), a fabulous glass of wine, and a sublime, even romantic ambiance, and you have the reasons for my five stars.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!! soo romantic in a way.. (if you sound out the noise from the strip) haha. Its located right in front of PARIS on the strip. My steak was cooked to perfection. medium rare is best always. HOWever the fries were not that great.. so try to substitute thatcrap.
Everything I ate here was to die for.  Sooooo delicious.. . For my entree I had the sea scallops.  They were amazing.  The sweet potato puree that accompanied them was unbelievable.  I practically licked my plate.. . As a side to the entree I had the macaroni and cheese.  Also amazing.  You'd be surprised how many people somehow seem to ruin macaroni and cheese!  But they definitely don't.  It is oober cheesy and baked to perfection :).. . Overall it was a great experience.  We didn't have any issues with service our our reservation so it was really a just a great night out!
Love this place. Went here 3 years in a row for my birthday. Free parking at Paris garage. I always get the Filet Mignon.
Hands down the best restaurant in las vegas. I love this place. Has a great view and the prices are very reasonable.  I have been here for breakfast lunch and dinner. Always amazed.
An absolutely fantastic place!. . Me and three of my friends went here for a birthday dinner. It was extremely busy, we probably waited an hour for a table but it was totally worth it!. . Our appetizer was the Brie cheese--incredible! We ordered the filet mignon with bleu cheese cream sauce, the sea scallops, the salmon, and the crabcake and everything was so amazing. Our server was great! He wasn't in your face all the time, but when he was, he was always helpful and doted on us as if we were high rollers with thousands of dollars to spend (we're 4 twentysomething girls with purses bought at Target). I cannot say enough good things about this place and for the money, it cannot be beat!
An excellent value!. I had dinner here on a Sunday night.  I was able to get a last minute reservation and was seated inside within five minutes of arriving (it was pretty cold outside).  For the amount of customers there that night, I was impressed by both the service and the quality of the food.   . . I came with my mother and we decided to split the beef wellington special-- something I normally wouldn't order, but she really wanted it.  I am so glad that we did order it.  The entree came with a great sauce and a side of garlic spinach.  For two women, the portion size was perfect for sharing.  The dish is very rich and savory so a full piece could be a little much.   The whole thing was melt in your mouth perfect.. . We also started with the butter lettuce salad that came with goat cheese, apples and roasted beets.  For sides with our entree we ordered the butternut squash and the green beans.  Upon our waiter's recommendation we had the bannans foster crepe for dessert.  Everything was delicious.. . My husband took me to the Eiffel Tower restaurant in the Paris Hotel about a month ago.  Apart from the view (which is amazing up there) I enjoyed my dinner at Mon Ami Gabbi more.  Of course it's a much less formal experience from start to finish and the noise level is higher, but I would give it a better rating--especially when you take the difference in price into account!
Croque Madam on the steps of the strip.   How could life be any better?
This is possibly the best restaurant experience I've ever had!. . On a slow Tuesday night, the wait for patio seating was less than 15 minutes. They give you a buzzer so you can do some gambling while you wait. . . Our waitress was so attentive, patient and friendly. She brought out a few wine for us to sample before we make our decision on a glass (this is Vegas, who does that?).. . Their French onion soup is the best I have tasted so far and it is a must order item if you like onion soup. The savory onion flavor shines through the hot ungreasy broth with the perfect amount of cheese on top. Bravo!!. . Hanger steak was cooked exactly medium rare without tasting cold in the center. $20 for this steak is a wonderful deal. . . chocolate mousse was so good. It certainly was freshly whipped (along with a side of housemade whipped cream) and the sweetness was just right. . . I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. With the bellagio fountain being across the street, this is worth flying to Vegas for!!!
Awesome! Just plain simple awesome.. . Great food - the best I've eaten in Vegas. The chicken was tender and flavorful. And if it's brunch time, you HAVE to get the french toast!. . The service is top notch too. And, I can assure you if you order right the meal is very economical.
Kalani's Birthday weekend was coming to an end.  We shared our last meal in Vegas at Mon Ami Gabi.  Breakfast in Paris, lunch back home in Hawaii.  Why not?. . We started at the "Make your own Bloody Mary Bar".  Funny how our outings usually begin and end at a bar, but I digress...   For 10 bucks you choose your vodka, they bring a generous pour in a tall glass and over to the "bar" you go.  There are mixers both spicy and mild, olives of all kinds, celery, beef sticks, pickled veggies, and horseradish to name a few options.  Don't like your drink, blame the bartender.... . For breakfast we had Slow Roasted Beef Eggs Benedict, loved the creamy Hollandaise sauce over the braised short ribs.  Classic Quiche Lorraine with bacon cheese and onions.  Corned beef hash with poached eggs and a roasted red pepper sauce completed our meal,  We all enjoyed the entrees, but liked the Bloody Marys more.. . All in all a good breakfast.  We arrived just in time and got to sit on the patio by the windows.  Pretty funny watching the stragglers from the night before head back to their hotels early in the morning...  The view was priceless and made us remember days gone by.  Au Revior, Mes Amis!...thanks for sharing your Birthday weekend, it was a blast!
we wanted have breakfast before we left vegas so we came here. to be honest I wasn't really expecting much and this place exceeded my expectations. I had the smoked salmon eggs benedict with hash browns and nutella waffle w/cream. everything was excellent
Great meal for a reasonable price in las Vegas. The warm egg and bacon salad is incredible. The sea scallop dinner is also very good-the butternut squash puree is the perfect touch. Bonus: great views of the fountain show at the bellagio.
BOMB food...highly recommend, awesome views of Lake Bellagio...the food is excellent, had the corned beef hash! The sangria is awesome too!
Amazing food with a beautiful view of strip right across from Bellagio fountains! Def get the onion soup as a starter and a glass of wine with your preferred entre, very delicious food and amazing location.
This has been my favorite restaurant since I moved to Las Vegas 6 years ago.  I eat there 3 to 5 times a year.  The filet mignon is amazing!!!! It practically melts in your mouth.  I have loved everything I have ever had at Moni Ami from soup, salad, entrees to dessert and drinks.  I once tried their mac and cheese just because it seemed like a funny thing to order.  Now, we order it regularly.  The best mac and cheese I have ever tasted!  My favorite dessert is their bread pudding, it is served warm, usually with a delicious vanilla sauce.  It is like nothing I have ever tasted.  They also have good drinks like Frangria and mojitos.  The service is always great.  Mon Ami never disappoints!  Love!!!
Anyone of my friends will tell you to order the hangar steak with the merlot butter!  Melts in your mouth!  I went with 3 friends who all ordered it, but since I wasn't as hungry, I got the steamed mussels which were also delicious.. . Definitely make reservations so you don't have to wait in their massive line.  We were a tiny bit late due to no valet at Paris that night, but they were able to accommodate us with the next available table.. . Extremely packed, but you still feel like you get good service and don't feel rushed.. . Adding to my must list when in Vegas!
Great spot to eat outside and watch the fountains. Great food, although since it's French it can be a bit heavy. Love the steaks and the onion soup.
Great views and good quailty grub and not too expensive considering you're in the heart of the Strip.  Bellagio fountains right in plain sight make it 5 Stars!. . Even as a local, I'll go back again!
Excellent steaks, cooked to perfection. Love the bread that comes with the meal. Wife had the baked french onion soup, I had the warm bacon salad, both were great, and dinner was superb.
Cant say enough good things about this place.  I have been here twice and the food has been perfect every time.  the first time i had a new york strip which was amazing, but i was drunk when i had it so my taste could of been altered. The second time i was sober andit was confirmed that the food is awesome.  Get the filet mignon with merlot butter!!! It will melt in your mouth and maybe even tear up cause you have never tasted anything so good!  My fiance had the sea scallops which were good as well.  For an app we had the warmed goat cheese in a tomato sauce, nom nom!!!  Didnt expect anything less from a vegas restaurant.  Will definitely be back drunk or not ha.
My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! I have been here twice for dinner and once for lunch.. . Bread comes with butter and a carrot topping. very interesting but good.. The scallops and french onion soup is to die for!. Filet mignon melts in your mouth like butter.. Also, if you sit outside, you can watch the Bellagio Fountains.. Out of all the fine dining places I have tried in Vegas, this one is still my favorite. The food is great and it is also cheaper than most other places.
Every time i am in Vegas this restaurant is a must to visit. This time it was Valentine's Day and we didnt have a reservation and were seated in two minutes. Food was excellent as well as service, I must add as always.
Went for Valentine's Day and it was seriously one of the best dining experiences I've had in Las Vegas in a long time. We had reservations, but were a few minutes late. I expected that would set us back at least 30 minutes, considering it was a holiday. Instead, we were immediately seated and continued to have a great time. My hangar steak was outstanding, but the star was my wife's duck (a special for the evening) was out this world! Probably the best duck I've ever had!. . Our experience was so good, I wanted to go the next evening. We will plan to hit Mon Ami Gabi every trip from now on.
Ate here for breakfast with my girlfriend.. . I had a fresh squeezed orange juice and poached eggs with corned beef and hash. The orange juice was refreshing, and the egg dish was delightful. The eggs were poached perfectly, the hash was delicious and not overly greasy, and the corned beef wasn't overly salty. . . My girlfriend was creaming all over her precious panties when she tried her Belgian waffles with bananas foster. I tried it as well, and it was heaven. Crispy outside, soft inside, and delicate bananas in their rum sauce. It was served with wonderful, stiff whipped cream.. . I almost gave this 4-stars because my eggs were served with toast, but it was overly toasted and hurt me to eat it. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and hoping that it was a fluke. The toast is served with butter and raspberry jam mmm.. . I will definitely come back here the next time I come to Vegas. The food is great, and it feels just like a Parisian brasserie. TRUST ME, I'VE BEEN THERE *feels so cool*
We had tickets for a late show across the street at the Bellagio and it was a really busy convention week so our choices for places we could get into were limited.  Surprisingly we got in to Mon Ami Gabi with zero wait.  OUr waitress was nice and informative.   Everything came out really fast.  I had a steak and my wife got the short rib special.  Both were outstanding.  I didn't care for the fries, they were more like frenches potato straws or something like that so I would avoid those and get a different side next time but as someone that has to travel to Vegas often for business there will definitely be a next time.
This place is fantastic! We ate here twice while vacationing in Vegas and loved it. Definitely worth a try for lunch and/or dinner. Very fresh and well prepared meals, try the trout for sure! We will be back here...
This review is long overdue.  I have a meal at MAG every time I am in Vegas, which is three times a year.  I have NEVER had a disappointing meal here.  Last night, before we went to see Jubilee, we had dinner at MAG.  I love the atrium room in the evening.  The lights are low, but not so low that you can't see anything.  And having the B Fountains as a backdrop is perfect. . . Service at MAG is top notch, very attentive without being intrusive.  I love to sit in Server #100's section - he's great, kinda reminds me of Chef Robert Ivrine.. . Anyway, this time the order was:. . Steak Bordelaise:  The steak was cooked to perfection topped with carmelized onions in a red wine sauce.  Oh yeah.. MAG Caesar Salad:  Just the right amount of dressing, fresh romaine and shavings of pecorino cheese.. Trout Almondine:  Seared to succulent goodness with just a crispness around the edges, covered with green beans.. To start there was a celery, green apple slaw tossed in olive oil and the baguette with butter.. . What a wonderful meal, what a wonderful atmosphere in a wonderful city.. . Thanks, MAG!
Amazing.  8 of us showed up and wanted to sit outside so we could watch the Bellagio fountains.  There was a line out the door & they still seated us in 5 minutes.  The staff was friendly & very accommodating.  We asked to have the outdoor heaters over our table turned off when we first arrived.  We had just walked down the strip from the MGM & wanted to cool off a little bit.  Then, when we got chilly, they put them back on.  Our server was amazing.  She was funny & attentive & did not mind when we told her we needed 8 different checks as we were there on business.. . The food was amazing.  We all had drinks and appetizers.  I tried the homemade potato chips with a blue cheese dip.  Wow.  It was so good.  Dinner was a delicious Steak & Frites.  Cooked perfectly.  It was pricy, but so worth it.  The 8 of us sat there for hours and not once were we given a look that said "Hurry up and finish so we can turn the table & make more money."  It was the best time I had that entire week & I look forward to going back.
This place is great! And the prices came up less than I had expected (not so much on the cheap side but definitely $$). . . Came here for dinner on Thanksgiving with my family after walking by earlier in the day and liked what we saw just from a sidewalk view. Around noon-ish when we did walk by, I made reservations using my phone's Yelp app and the Open Table feature! Holla! So easy and convenient! . . The place is wonderfully decorated and the staff was amazing! Wine selection was really good.. . The warm brie appetizer was delicious and so were the homemade potato chips.. . The four of us had the Steak and Frites and they did a wonderful job getting each steak cooked to our liking, since we all like our meat cooked to a different "doneness.". . Definitely worth coming again, especially if you want to treat yourself to a great time!
I made reservations on Open Table for two at Mon Ami Gabi after reading all of the raving reviews here on yelp. We drove into Vegas on a Friday night and parked in the Paris Paris parking lot. After spending the next few minutes trying to figure out how to get to the restaurant from the casino, we arrived promptly for our reservation at 7pm. The waiting area was packed by the time we arrived. There was two lines, one with reservation and the other without. We waited about 15 minute before we were seated. We were seated inside next to the window with a view of the Bellagio fountains. I was hoping for this since the view of the fountains is one of the things noteworthy about this restaurant (being that it's across the street from the Bellagio). You could pay more for a better view and eat at the Eiffle Tower restaurant. We couldn't hear the music when the fountains were on but we were able to catch the fountain shows every time it went off (I think it was every 15 minutes).. . Our waiter arrived and explained to us the special. It was a bit difficult to hear him due to the noise but hey, it's Vegas and it was a Friday night. Given that it was a steakhouse, we decided to order the steaks. We were served bread while we waited. Our meals arrived about 20 minutes later. Portions were big and steak was cooked right.. . Overall, for the price, view, food, and service on the strip, Mon Ami Gabi is an excellent option. Place is very popular so reservations is highly recommended even on a weekday night because again it's Vegas.
Without a doubt, one of the best in Vegas! We had the Filet with Merlot Butter, Scallops, Trout Almondine, awesome, awesome, awesome! You really can't beat the view (patio view of the Bellagio fountains), food, price for the quality of food on the strip, and romantic to boot!
the brown butter scallops with brussle sprouts and squash are very good. came for a bachelorette dinner with a group of 8, and the ambiance was very relaxed--we left full and happy. our waiter was adorable too :)
Had such a nice time here.  They have a great bloody mary bar, food is wonderful and the setting is perfect, especially to sit outside in good weather.
I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT. If you go to Vegas and don't eat here and sit on the patio at least once you are missing out. We went here once for breakfast and then came back the next day for lunch. I would recommend making a reservation from OpenTable.com and then showing up a little early and letting the hostess know you're willing to wait for a table outside- SO worth it. Even if it's cold outside they have heaters that will keep you warm. The service is impeccable, the food is delicious, and you can't beat the view. For breakfast I had the eggs benedict which were cooked perfectly. I also had some of the coffee which was delicious & seriously the second I finished a cup the waitress was back to pour me a fresh one. For lunch, BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP OF MY LIFE. HANDS DOWN. I swear heaven opened up and the angels started singing as soon as I poked my spoon through the massive layer of cheese into that delicious broth. And - $7.50 glass of chardonnay. That is unheard of along the Strip, at least to my knowledge of any decent restaurant. Usually you are paying $10-12+ for a glass. Plus where else do they give your table it's own fresh, hot baguette?! I cannot wait to go back to Vegas and force everyone who is with me to eat there multiple times.
Wonderful breakfast - don't miss the lemon skinny pancakes.  Eating on the patio was a plus.  Service was excellent.
This place is really good!. Made a reservation on Open Table for brunch and did not know they had a Bloody Mary Bar so I was even more excited when we sat down and learned this information!!. . The bloody mary is made with a heavy hand of Kettle One Vodka and then you head over to the bar. They have SO MANY OPTIONS! At least 4 different base mixes, olives stuffed with different special treats, cucumbers, jalapenos, at least 15 different hot sauces, Worcestershire, fresh ground pepper and BEEF JERKY!!! That absolutely blew my mind. I would never think to put beef jerky in my bloody mary but it was awesome!!. . I had the Croque Madame and it was sooo good. The ham was succulent, the bread was perfectly crisp, the egg on top was cooked to perfection, the cheese... everything was so good!!. . BF got the Nutella Waffle and it was unlike any waffle we had ever eaten. It was so crisp and light to the bite. The nutella was not overpowering and it was such a subtly beautiful waffle I just dream about it. . . Our server was awesome, our scenery was spectacular and without a doubt, whenever I am in Vegas I will for sure eat here, at least once!!
Amazing amazing service!! And delicious food!
I wish I could swim in a vat of Mon Ami Gabi's bearnaise and hollandaise sauce. I would happily drown in it, as long as I had five minutes to bathe in it and dip their delicious gluten free bread in it. In fact, if I ever go to jail and am on death row, you know exactly what I want as my last meal. MON AMI GABI.. . It's hard to find restaurants that offer a gluten free menu at times. Mon Ami? BOOM! In your face, have it right on their posted menu everywhere in and outside of Paris. Let metell you, it may look small, but you don't need variation. All you need is either A. Brunch, B. STEAK BEARNAISE or C. Seafood Platter.. . Brunch: For the fiance, a crepe filled with tender, juicy chicken and brie cheese. For myself, Eggs Benedict on, wait for it, GF BREAD! DELICIOUS! My fiance was silent the entire meal, and happily for him, so was I. PHENOMENAL. His crepe smelled like a beautiful spring morning relaxing at a small cafe in Paris. Yes, it reminded me of comfort and bliss. He said it tasted better than the smell. My Eggs Benedict? You saw the first sentence of this review. Enough said. Also, may I please advise you to get their BLOODY MARY BAR. Yes. MAKE YOUR OWN BLOODY MARY complete with several hot sauce options and oh, a BEEF STICK. THANK YOU DELICIOUSNESS!. . Steak Bearnaise: Please see first sentence. Just add beef and the most amazing steak frites I have ever had in my life and you have yourself a winner, winner, moo-cow dinner. $25 for a perfectly cooked medium rare steak with non-greasy or heavy steak frites. No ketchup or steak sauce necessary my friends. This is pure meaty heaven.. . Seafood Platter: If you don't like seafood, avoid it. If you like seafood, stick your head into the platter and enjoy the happiness that unfolds before your tastebuds. Simple, clean, perfect portion for two people and FRESH. There's no peculiar fish smell here; it's some of the best seafood I've ever had away from the east coast. Beautiful presentation and just perfect.. . Go here. Now. Immediately. DO. NOT. DELAY. Did I mention the bearnaise sauce yet...mmmm.... . P.S. The wait for the tables outside are worth if after 7:00PM with the Bellagio fountains going off every 15 minutes!
Every time I go to Las Vegas, it is essential to eat at Mon Ami Gabi! Im not usually a fan of corporate restaurants (Mon Ami is a Lettuce Entertain You concept), but this place stands alone in all categories. Make sure you request a table outside. You can see and hear the Bellagio Water show across the street throughout your dinner. Last time I was here, I had a french waiter and there is something special about having a french waiter at a french place, looking up and seeing the eiffel tower, but knowing you are in one of the most exciting party cities in the world! The food here is unbelievably good! Never had one bad item on the menu in 3 visits. If youre looking to impress someone, take them here the next time you are in Las Vegas.
Let's put it this way:. I care about my food so I wouldn't want to waste a meal on chain restaurant or lowly-rated places on yelp in Vegas so Mon Ami Gabi ended up a reasonable choice.. I went with the family (seniors, no kids) and our Asian seniors ended up liking the food too (which is great as they think most food from restaurants are too greasy). . I remember we had the Salmon fillet which was tender and full of flavor and a crepe (seafood?) that was fresh and refreshing (not greasy, hate greasy stuff). Would highly recommend as it's a very easy choice and cannot go wrong. Not pricy either
Hi all, the whole experience was fantastic! I made my reservation using yelp. The food (seafood and french style steak frites) was 5 stars! The wait staff was very attentive to our needs, 5 stars.  Dessert and coffee was 5 stars!
We were looking for a nice birthday lunch for my sister that wasn't $$$$, had good reviews on Yelp, and was suitable for a 2 and 8 year old. Most of the well-rated restaurants were way out of our budget in Las Vegas, or were a little too fancy to bring kids.  Luckily, we found Mon Ami Gabi!. . Everyone's meals were tasty.  I had the mushroom soup, the butter lettuce, goat cheese and apple salad, and the Seafood crepe.  The peas in the seafood crepe were so nice and sweet and fresh.  For the kids, they had the Mac and cheese which came with thinly sliced apples and skinny green beans.  It was so delicious!  I found myself picking at their plates quite often too!. . Bottom Line:. The meals were reasonable priced, especially compared to all of the other restaurants in the area. Our waitress was nice and helpful (she suggested the Seafood Crepe).  And the restaurant wasn't too fancy that bringing kids would be frowned upon.  Great place!
Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to have a brunch especially when it is nice and sunny. We decided to make reservations to this place. However, heed my advice. Don't make reservations until you know approximately what time you will come here because you may have partied the previous night and it may be difficult for you to wake up in time.. . If you want the outdoor patio, there is a waitlist (first come/first serve) regardless of whether you made reservations. This waitlist is located at the front of the restaurant. In addition, when you make a reservation, at least ask them to place you as close to the front of the restaurant where you will get some sun.. . Initially, they gave us a nice loaf of warm french bread. It was pretty decent with a side of butter. Then, I ordered the steak with carmelized onions in a red wine reduction. It was quite delicious and tender. We came to this because of the charming ambiance. If you are sitting by the window or outside, you have the pleasure of viewing the fountains at Bellagio.
Make a reservation and you'll be seated immediately. Amazing food. Filet Mingon is to die for. The sauce, out of this world. Couldn't be happier. Perfect view of the Bellagio fountain at night for a lovely meal.
I should probably point out that my trip to Mon Ami Gabi was a bit atypical.  A lot of reviews noted how long the wait was to get a table, but the five of us were fortunate enough to get seated outside immediately.  While that might have been luck, I'm sure when we were there had something to do with it too - a Monday morning in early February.  Had we been there on a weekend during the summer or spring break instead, it would have been a very different story...and possibly a very different review.. . Although nothing we had really amazed (except the baguettes...so good!), I thought the food was pretty solid overall (four stars is about right).  Since my friend and I both wanted to try the Sea Scallop Gratinees, we decided to share an order while I went with the Croque Monsieur for myself.. . - Sea Scallop Gratinees (sea scallops with caramelized fennel, onion marmalade, and mussel cream) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=mAWQUpEJV5oBmFBVS95EbA) - the scallops were pretty standard, but I really liked the mussel cream, onion, and fennel.  Despite how good it was, I'm not sure I would get it again since I feel like I can find something comparable in SF.. - Croque Monsieur (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=uHua_ESHqRFwEwM6xZ-KUQ) - pretty damn tasty.  Unlike others I've tried, there was a nice balance between the gruyere and creme fraiche.  The corners of the bread were a little hard and dry, but it's a pretty minor quibble.  And the fries?  Delicious.. . What made me give them five stars though were their baguettes (yes, that good...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=NoliktR7IHC8B3EkaJBwiQ) and the service.  Our waitress was terrific - accommodating, friendly, and checked on our table quite often.  What stood out though was how honest she was.  When I asked her about the soup du jour (soup of the day - cream of garlic), she actually recommended I skip it since she thought it was pretty salty.  I passed as she suggested, but she was nice enough to bring out a espresso cup of the soup anyways so I could see for myself...and she was right.  Not sure if many other servers would have done the same thing.. . Considering it's The Strip, the lunch prices seemed relatively fair, but I can't say if the same is true for their dinner menu.  Still, the view alone might be worth the money.  With the Bellagio right across the street, I imagine it's pretty awesome to watch their water shows while you eat.  That is, assuming it's on while you're there.  It wasn't for us...
Way better than spending an hour and a half at the blackjack table! Spend your money here.. . Definitely get a reservation. We had a reservation and still waited 20 minutes in line to get to the hostess to tell her we were there (It was Saturday night on the strip). This is a place to plan for and look forward to.. . The food was amazing. Steaks are the way to go and yes the fries are as good as the reviews. We also went high society and ordered the escargot... mmmmmm.. . What a treat. Great for a date night or with friends. If your gonna bring the kids they'll be happy with the french fries but maybe not a potential wait.
Its like real estate - Location, Location, Location.. When you walk up to put your name on the list to be seated, you can pick from the short line ( inside ) or the long line ( outside ).  It should be the easiest decision you make.  Take your time, grab some slot machine minutes, whatever....but wait for the patio.. Service was very good.  Quick, attentive and friendly.. Steaks are tender, perfectly cooked and the bordelaise is very good.  Fries are good as well, although I personally don't rank them as highly as others here.. And yes, you are on a patio on the strip, which means the odd drunken frat boy will pull you from your daydream of a cafe by the Seine and onto an episode of Jersey Shore.  And that means that occasionally, what sounds like the entire North American contigent of the Hells Angels will make the wine glasses shake, and that occasionally a billboard truck will drive by offering....well, its Vegas, you know.. But it doesn't matter.  Because every fifteen minutes you and everybody else on the patio, the sidewalks and even on the street stop to watch the Bellagio fountains.  You can hear the music beautifully ( sans Hells Angels, of course ) and the fountains are still the best thing on the strip.    So while the selection of steaks is a little more spare than I would like and the wait is overly long....who cares?  Enjoy the show.
Solid 5 stars for me, I love everything about this place, the food, the location, the service, I always make sure to stop here at least ONCE every time I visit Vegas...steak au poivre and fish of the day never fails :) Eating French food, and drinking French wine while looking at the Bellagio fountains, and the strip...yes ! yes! yes! or should I say oui oui oui!
Came here for a romantic dinner before my boyfriend and I went to see Le Reve.  Absolutely a perfect experience.  I highly recommend making a reservation, as this is a very popular spot right across from the Bellagio.  Apart from the ambience and the impeccable service, I have to say this place deserves a 5 star review for the food alone.  . . Together, we ordered the filet mignon with the merlot butter sauce, the mac n cheese (macaroni a gratinee if you want to be particular), the mussels, the drink special "frangia," the french pun on sangria much appreciated, the caesar salad, and the creme puffs for a perfectly sweet ending.  . . I would go into much more detail about how delicious these dishes were, but really words could not do it justice.  Just go, eat, enjoy, and sit back while your waistband continues to expand.
I was in Vegas for a business trip and wanted to have a good meal my last night in town.  What I got was fantastic.  Started with Escargot, perfection.  Entree was Filet au Pouvre.  It was so tender you could've used your fork to cut it.  This will be a stop every time in Vegas.
I love the crepes and i love that i can watch the bellagio fountain while eating my food
Go and get the outdoor seating(do reservations!). The food was great I got the scallop taste really good. The service was awesome too!
Great French food at reasonable prices.  It's not the best French food in town but its not $200 a meal either.  This is definitely a great restaurant totally worth checking out.
Delicious! Amazing! Please, Sir... I want some more.... . Need I go on?. . A few friends had recommended MAG prior to my trip to Las Vegas earlier this month, telling me it was a prime spot for people-watching. Situated right on Las Vegas Boulevard (or "The Strip"), MAG was that and so much more.. . Located within the Paris Hotel, directly under the Eiffel Tower, MAG welcomes diners with an authentic French experience right down to the decor. The cuisine could, at best, be described as French-American fusion. There's certainly something for everyone on the menu but with a twist that's a bit "en Francais".. . Over our three-day trip, my friends and I visited MAG twice: once for lunch and on our last day for breakfast. Both times we were more than impressed - particularly by the impeccable and attentive service. A table on the patio is worth the wait, but make reservations in advance if you're keen but short on time. . . MAG will be a must for me each and every single time I visit Las Vegas.
I've always passed by this restaurant and finally decided to take a dive and try it. The first thing that caught my attention is the extremely cute setting. The restaurant is located in front of Paris and is staring onto the strip and Bellagio.. . My boyfriend and I stopped by for brunch/lunch. The weather outside was just perfect, nice and sunny, and we were lucky enough to catch a showing of the Bellagio water show while we were eating.. . The wait staff is extremely attentive. Service was very good. Our food came out fairly quick. For an appetizer we ordered the baked cheese. No joke, this was the best cheeeeeeeeesilicious thing I have ever eaten. 3 different cheeses baked with marinara sauce and garlic bread. Holy moly was this good. We ran out of garlic bread fairly quick (there was only one piece *insert super sad face*) but have no fear cause there was a complimentary baguette (fresh baked) and we used that to top off the rest of our cheese.. . We both ordered steak for our entree. It's a thin cut, not the usual chunk of meat I'm used to. But regardless, it was still delicious. Both our steaks came with something called frits. It's a mix between potato chip and french fry. But nonetheless, delicious with our steak.. . If you want some brownie points with your girl, take her here.
The service here is excellent they're incredibly attentive (they'll fold your napkin when your not looking, so be on guard. lol) .   My waiter coerced me into getting the "special" 16oz Porter house with Creamy Au Gratin and String Beans. At first sight I blushed like a little girl when I saw this beautiful piece of bloody meat laid before me, oh yeah this behemoth is pretty darn good too. They cooked in medium rare and served it as is with a little horse radish sauce, and that's all you need to achieve meaty nirvana. .   But as much as I loved the porterhouse the half-chicken nearly stole the show, simply because it was prepared perfectly. I was at a lost for words for how good it was, I would have to say it rivals the one over at At Last Cafe.  .   The only bummer was that you had to walk out of the restaurant to find the bathrooms. Also if you make a reservation you better be on time or notify them, because they'll charge you $100 on your card. (wtf?!?! They don't play) .  This place will make your wallet just a little more lighter, but you can't beat the outdoor seating overlooking the strip while dining on such fine cuisine.
I made a reservation on opentable.com before we got there.  Total lifesaver.  The line was WELL out the door when we arrived for our 6:30pm reservation.  We were sat inside, the patio was full.  . . *Warm Olive Jar- $6.95- delish!  The olives had so much flavor and I used the garlic on the bread!. . *Shrimp Cocktail- $14.95- a little pricy but they were 3 bite shrimp...they were HUGE. . *French Onion Soup- $8.95- not as salty as I thought it was going to be.  Very good.. . *Filet with Merlot Sauce- $32.95- melt in your mouth delicious.  I was super bummed when it was gone.. . *Fries- A little odd but they were very good soaked in the merlot sauce.. . Very Very Very good.  The service here is excellent and the bread is to die for.  Will be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Service: Superb. . Location: Right where you want to be. . Food: One moment please... I just had a foodie orgasm!. . The Rose was an excellent choice to match with the most amazing Pate ever! The poor spreading knife was used and abused during our lovely brunch. Our second order of Pate could not come soon enough.. . The Hand-Cut Gaufrette Potato Chips were good enough to have a mini FKM (fat kid moment) and ask for a second serving!. . Terri (My Love) has her favorite dish here and would not stray! She always orders the Trout Amandine. I would have enjoyed this more if I had my braces out... There were a lot of yummy almonds on this dish. But very pretty presentation.. . And I ordered an entree this time. I know, I know I usually don't make it past the champagne and the appys! But everything had been so delish up to this point I had to order more. So I had the Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine! Yum Yum
Excellent service, Good food, Fantastic View- what more can you ask for!. . This is one of those places that definitely lived up the the hype for me.  So delicious!  It was a sunday night in vegas so we were pretty lucky and got seated right away on the patio.  Fantastic view!  You can see the bellagio fountain show while eating dinner and people watch at the same time. . . Got the crab cakes, and steak soooo gooood!!   . My mom got the salmon and it was cooked to perfection!  . . Too it got super windy and started sprinkling so we left in a hurry or I would have cleaned my plate.. . I'll definitely be back
If you want to go to dinner in Vegas and not spend a crazy amount of money, and of course eat delicous food GO HERE! The service is top notch, they listen to your questions and are always around the corner to help. I didnt really want wine that night, go figure and the waiter asked me what I was in the mood for and CREATED a drink for me! Which was delicous. . . The food is great too, start with a cheese plate, good amount of cheese and garnishes to start, and be careful not to fill up on the loaf of bread they give you! Its a bit addicting! The steaks are amazing with french fries you wont want to stop eatting! The Beef Wellingtion was also top knotch! Nothing like a perfectly cooked steak! . . Enjoy!
My second time here and I absolutely love this place. It helps to make reservations to avoid long wait. Try the French Onion soup.
Absolutely amazing. The service was spectacular. Our waiter was kind, attentive, and very helpful. The food was incredible. . . I came with a large sized group and not one person was disappointed in their meals.. Recommendations:. -French toast (best French toast I have ever had). -baked cheese d'oeuvre . - quiche Lorraine . -mushroom, leek, spinach quiche. - eggs Benedict
This is a go to spot every time we are in LV, I wish they had one in Socal but I guess that is one of the things that makes Vegas trips special. For the strip, it's an awesome value for what you get, great beer/wine selections and the baguette's are perfection.
Excellent meal. Really great experience. Service was great, food and atmosphere were even better. Took the in-laws here and it was perfect for a nice family meal. Price was completely reasonable, especially for Las Vegas. Mussels, frites, and "frangria" really stood out. . . Great view of the Bellagio was a nice touch. We will definitely go back the next time we are in Vegas. I would strongly suggest reservations as it seems to get busy. It was quite full when we were there on a Sunday night.
DELICIOUS!!. We came here on the first night of our Vegas stay and it was packed (on a Wednesday!)! So we decided to make reservations for the following night and see what all the fuss was about.. They seated us promptly and we were quickly greeted by our lovely waitress (who stayed lovely throughout the meal - sadly a rare commodity). We ordered a nice wine and the seafood platter. Both were very good but I rather skip to the highlight of the evening. For dessert our waitress recommended the Chocolate Pudding Cake. WOW WOW WOW! Perfection on a plate! I'm not a big dessert orderer/eater but have been tempted here and there. This was definitely worth the extra calories ;) . Indulge!!
One of the best options for a steak on the Strip that won't bust your budget, and bar none the best people watching in all of Vegas, which by extension means we're talking about the best people watching in the world from the patio that overlooks the center of the Las Vegas Strip and the Bellagio fountains.. . Their onion soup is a little different than most, with a touch of cream giving it a lighter color. The aroma is rich, beefy and intoxicating and the taste delivers.. . This is a great lunch spot with sandwiches like an authentic Croque-Monsieur, ham and Gruyere with bechamel, the prime steak sandwich served chilled with caramelized onions and mustard mayo with whole seeds, and a quiche Lorraine that melts in your mouth.. . But I mentioned steak earlier. Let me come back to that. For $25 you get a plate of steak frites - I recommend the steak classique with maitre d'hotel butter or the steak au poivre with a delicious brandy peppercorn sauce.. . The steaks and sandwiches are all served with frites, fried potatoes cut like the crunchy wonton strips you'd throw into a bowl of soup. These are among the best fries in town, simultaneously crispy and something you can really, literally, sink your teeth into.. . Great view, great food, reasonable prices for Center Strip.
The picturespeople are posting does not do this place justice.  This place should ONLY get 5 stars if you order the Ribeye steak (that was all I tried).  It is the most amazing steak I have ever had IN MY LIFE!  At $40 I would normally think it is overpriced for the taste, but not here!  The steak was tender, melts in your mouth and has great flavor embedded in each bite.  There wasn't too much fat and the marbling was perfect!  If there is one restaurant you eat at in Vegas and you want great flavorful food, eat at Mon Ami Gabi.  Ah-Maz-Ing!. . Oh and reserve your table online through yelp.  It was great to just walk up while everyone else had to wait!
Stopped in for lunch with the better half.  . . I had a reservation via OpenTable (Via the app, not the Yelp Link since I have an account and can't get points doing it here) and showed up a little early, the OpenTable thing is ONLY for indoors, Outdoors is first come first serve, so keep that in mind if you want to sit outside.  Our table was inside, but it was very close to the outside and we had a nice breeze without a lot of crazy wind blowing our food all over the place. . I ordered an apparently new Menu item the Lobster Roll. It was a Lobster sandwich on Brioche bread and included some of the best "Potato Chips" I've ever had.  They looked more like Waffle Chips and were delicious!. . Service was prompt and friendly and I had absolutely no complaints.  Wonderful place to stop in for a meal.
The ambience is terrific, the food out of this world.  It gets very busy, so make a reservation, or get there early.
THE BEST steak fritte, mash potatoes, mac-n-cheese, Bearnaise reduction & french bread you will ever taste in the heart of the Las Vegas strip.. . Fabulous service. Full wait staff, bow tie's and all! . . Great ambiance. . . Must make a reservation or you will expect a 2-3 hour wait.
Great food, great service. FYI a reservation does not get a seat on the patio, only confirmed seat in the dining room. That was disappointing to find out.
Went here last night for the first time and couldn't be more satisfied with the overall experience. . . Made reservations a few days ago via Open Table and requested patio seating since it was our 10th wedding anniversary. Went there last night and was only reserved a table inside but when the front desk lady noticed our request and probably saw that it was anniversary, she immediately changed that and off we went to have our table at the patio with perfect view of the Bellagio Hotel and its dancing waters. . . First off, our server Matt was awesome, not too pushy and was surprised he knew about our anniversary. We started out with the recommended Frech Onion Soup and wasn't disappointed. Ordered their Seafood Platter and Lamb T-Bones and me and my wife finished them off since they were really good. Seafood Platter has 2  Maine Lobsters in it, 4 pcs of oysters, shrimps etc. For dessert, we had their famous White Chocolate Pudding and found out it's not even in their menu. We devoured it like there's no tomorrow and me and my wife are already planning our next visit there. . . Would like to thank Matt and the staff for making this dining experience worthwile.. . Add: only one thing we're disappointed with is the Asian busboy didn't even spoke to us one bit and would just drop off our food then go. We noticed he was especially accomodating with other customers around us and made it really obvious he didn't like us considering we're not as demanding as your regular customers.
Had dinner with my wife at Mon Ami. Sat on the patio where we could see the fountains of the Bellagio. Had steamed mussels, escargot, an after dinner port. Excellent in all respects. Get there early!  Great setting, great food.  Would definitely go back.
Great breakfast. There was a bit of waiting when we got there around 11am. Once we were seated, the waiter greeted us and gave us a brief recommendations from the menu. He was polite and nice. . We had french toast, chicken crepe, ham crepe and three eggs. They all turned out to be outstanding. My chicken crepe with melted brie and apple, it tasted like heaven! . Also I heard their dinner is pretty good too. I wil have to try their famous steak with french fries next time. :)
After visiting a few times, the verdict is..this restaurant is definitely mon ami!. . The first time I went was for brunch. I made a reservation in advance so I was able to request a table on the patio. It was wonderful to dine outside with the sun shining, a front row seat to the Bellagio fountain show, and a great view for people watching. . . Now for the food..they served baguettes as the free bread! They were all warm and toasty in cute paper bags, like something you'd get from a bakery. I ordered the croque monsieur, which was pretty good. What I really enjoyed was the french fries that came on the side. They had an interesting flat shape which made them super crispy on the outside but still soft and chewy on the inside.. . The next time I went was for dinner. I had the steak frites which was perfectly cooked and it was a very generous portion for the price of $25.95. The best part was, they let me have multiple sauces on the side at no extra cost. I tried the peppercorn sauce and the caramelized onion, red wine sauce; both were delicious. The baguettes were still free, unlimited, and just as good as I remembered.. . The third time I went was for happy hour. I had 2 glasses of sangria, pate, and yes I had me some free baguettes. Then, I ended my very happy two hours with a warm chocolate pudding with salted caramel cream. It was absolutely decadent.. . Au Revoir mon ami, until next time!
Great atmosphere and food.  We had breakfast on the porch in between shopping.  We nursed ourselves back to fighting condition with benedict special which was pork bellies, mimosas and coffee.  Service was exceptional, the waiter was actually french, or a really good actor practicing his accents.
Everything was to die for (and we were sober when we ate). Goat cheese app is a must try! Fresh baguettes straight from Paris. Shrimp cocktail huge. Filet sooo tender and cooked perfectly. Sangria was amazing and only 20 a carafe or 5 a glass!  Definitely make a reservation online or you'll wait a couple hours!
Bar staff in patio is amazing. Marlin and Adrian were very friendly and just made our day. Adrian suggested the scalops which were a great recomdation..the duck that marinated for 24hrs are to die for !! make it a point to stop by locals !!
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Exceptional food, breakfast, lunch and dinner all have a lot to offer. Service is very good too.
Came here with my friends for our last meal at Vegas this past weekend.. . There are indoor and outdoor seating.  The one outside is more casual than the inside, which is dim and hence... more formal/romantic/classy.  Since the weather is always pretty nice and warm in Vegas, definitely try the outdoor patio!  You can people-watch as you eat. . . The bread was so good.  They served whole WARM baguettes, which I have not had in too many restaurants.  The outside was not too stiff and the inside is just warm and soft :D . . We ordered the first 3 steaks on the menu.. lol.  Excuse my English translation of the classy French names.. but we basically ordered the first 3 steaks, the classic with butter, the one with the wine sauce and one with the onions.  I had the last of the three.  Because of my usual experience with over-cooked steak at restaurants, this time, I ordered medium rare and Yay! it came out to be medium.  Not sure if that's a yay but use your own judgment.  The frites are really good and came in a huge portion along with the steak. . . Service was excellent!. . Definitely coming back :)
Seafood Crepe was awesome.  Came here for lunch around 3:30 pm.  Great to sit out on the patio and do some people watching.  Food is really good.  Staff is super friendly and helpful.  Favorite restaurant in Vegas!
Took  the girl there for dinner, nice outdoor seating. No Reservations for the outside patio so there is a wait to get outside if its busy. . . The Hanger Steak is the best!
Very few restaurants deserve 5 stars but this one deserves every star out of five.. . I went here for my 30th birthday dinner and had a fantastic time. I was able to sit outside and watch the Bellagio water show so the ambiance was just amazing.. . First course..I ordered the goat cheese in a marinara sauce. You dip fresh baguette in the goat cheese. It was so delicious. We were wiping the sauce in the bowl clean.  . . Second course... Filet minot in a burgandy sauce.  Oh so delicious. It was the best filet I have ever had. Each bite was so amazing.  It came with frites, which you must try.. . Dessert... I had their bananas foster crepes and ate a good portion myself. I love crepes and I love bananas foster but I've never had the two combined. The caramel sauce was out of this world.  Top it off with a generous scoop of french vanilla bean ice cream.. . Overall, a good experience and wonderful food. I wish the service would have been a bit quicker, but when you are in Vegas and it's your birthday, time isn't of the essence. I will definitely be back for my next special event!
Mon Ami Gabi is the Strip's best value and best outdoor seat.  Thats why they're packed 7 days per week.  Order the Goat Cheese appetizer, French Onion soup, some wine, and a steak with those amazing pommes frittes and you will be happy.  We order 2 absolute tonics.  2 salads.  2 steaks with pommes frittes.  one asaragus side.  Tax=$100.  On the strip, thats a steal
We had a wonderful experience here for my husband's 40th birthday celebration.  We had a group of 20 people and I worked with Rebecca and Drew with group reservations to arrange the special night.  They were easy to work with and very responsive. . . The service was friendly, efficient and quite impressive as they were serving 20 of us.  It was a bit of a show when 4-5 waiters came out together to serve us, all synchronized. . . The portion size was substantial.  We had the 4-course and we were practically rolling out of the place. . . This was the first time any of us had eaten at Mon Ami Gabi and we ALL would come back again!
Had breakfast here and it was very special. Great location and neat atmosphere. The food was delicious and the bloody Mary bar was a treat. Will definitely return!
Went for breakfast.  Very tasty.  I hope to go again before we head home.
great place for a romantic dinner if in Vegas - food was perfect, ambiance, etc...5 stars!!!
BONJOUR!!!!! . . I am not a big fan of Frenchy. In fact, I wanted to name my first born French Frie just to piss Frenchy off! That being said, I never really got down with French food, French's mustard, French Onion Soup.... Wait, strike that. I love me some french onion soup. I guess what picture I am attempting to paint is that I can't stand French anything. . . I wanted to find a really romantic setting for brunch with my lovely lady while we were in Vegas and wouldn't you know it. I was Yelping my ass off for like 3 days, no luck. Then, I saw Mon Ami Gabi pop up on the homepage and some girl gave it 4 stars, so I said that's the place, no matter what. I didn't know it was Frenchy til I saw it was at hotel Paris and by that time, it was really too late. I already dove in the pool so it was time to swim.. . The place was bonkers packed when we got there, but I made a reservation through Yelp and we bypassed the blue haired ladies stankin' up the joint with their strong ass Avon perfume and were seated inside, but in the solarium. Perfect people watching seats, right in front and not baking in the sun. . . Coffee = Strong = Bon (that's French for good) . . French Toast was bomb! Fresh bread, crunchy goodness on the outside and soft, warm gooey center. Blueberry compote/syrup wasn't too sweet and adds a nice tartness that I only wish I could replicate at home. . . Side of bacon was crispy, greasy (in a great way) and so delicious! It clearly wasn't cooked in a pan b/c it didn't have that funky curl to it. It was nice and flat. I was hoping for a side of the bacon grease to lather myself up with as we sat poolside, but that's a bit excessive. . . Elizabeth ordered the traditional breakfast and the eggs were cooked perfectly. Nice and runny, just the way she likes it. Hash browns were crispy, French muffin (English muffin but follow along please) served with freshly whipped butter, which was delicious, creamy and delightful. . . The service was fantastic and I didn't know what to expect b/c the place is jumpin with tourists, everyone wants first class service and I don't know about anyone else, but we got it. For example, as we were being seated the hostess chatted us up with some basic chit chat and pulled the chair out for both of us, nice touch. . . I love that I can trust Yelp to pave the way for a lovely event. Thanks for the love Yelpers!
Soo good, and affordable.. Definitely my favorite restaurant in the city...I get shrimp cocktails and frites, and they each are very affordable for the portions you get.
After a few nights of 4 AM, post-drinking room service meals, my boyfriend and I decided we wanted to go somewhere good for dinner. We chose Mon Ami Gabi and we were sooooo glad we did! We had reservations on a Tuesday night at 10. We were seated right away in the front room and had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. . . Our waitress was great and gave us some great suggestions.  For appetizers, we had pate, escargot and scallops. All three were amazing. Escargot has always been a little scary to me, but I sucked it up and tried one and it was SO delicious. The scallops were perfectly cooked and beautifully presented. I'm not a huge fan of pate but I had a little and I had to admit it was pretty tasty. For entrees we both had filets-- merlot for me, Roquefort for him. Mine was awesome. Perfectly cooked and drenched in butter and a red wine reduction--how can you go wrong with that??? The filet Roquefort was also good but I'd definitely pick the filet merlot again. The frites were more like potato chips than I was expecting but I enjoyed them nonetheless. After all that food, we were pretty stuffed but the butterscotch pot de creme was screaming our names, so we gave in and ordered it. I think that might be my new favorite dessert. It was rich but not too heavy, like butterscotch pudding only a gajillion times better. . . The prices are very reasonable, especially for what you get. It was very busy the night we were there (and I'm assuming it's like that pretty much every night) but our food still came out very quickly. Other than feeling like elephants when we were done, it was one of the best meals either of us has had in a long time and definitely the best one we had in Vegas!
Have to go back again ! Food is really good and big !!!!!!! The price is reasonable ! They have good red wine list !
My last review I wrote some snarky shit about the hostesses and I feel like a jerk for that. This time we came in and they were all so friendly and welcoming. She carried conversation with us about where we were from and all that sort of chat on our way to a (Woohoo!) patio table by the sidewalk. . . Let me say that I love this place. I live in Vegas and I feel like I'm on vacation every time I go there. As most every other place on the strip it's too much of a hassle, or sleazy, or just loud but this place is worth it (and I can finally zip to Paris pretty quickly, as long as a mob of people crossing the valet sidewalk doesn't stop me for ten minutes.) Not here. . . It's classy and fun and the food is delicious! We went for breakfast and I had the fruit boquet with mint syrup (who knew?! It was amazing!) and a blackberry muffin - also ridiculous. It melted in my mouth. . . My friend also had a fruit plate and a baguette. Everything was fresh and the portions are just the right size. The cappuccino was over the top gigantic and one of the best I've ever had. The large comes served in a bowl. We got to sit and people watch and have a nice breakfast. . . If you go, ask for Debbie. She was fast and nice I didn't even have to ask for anything because it would already be there. I work in the industry and not only was it not the typical "service" the strip is so well known for not providing, she made us feel welcome and like we mattered.
Incredibly friendly and professional wait staff. (Had a younger woman waittress around lunch time, wish I remembered her name!) She was so nice and helpful!. It was hard to even make a choice as far as menu options because everything sounded equally amazing.. Just wanted to give them the positive review they deserved. I had the french onion soup, open faced tuna sandwich, and an awesome chocolate mousse dessert. I will post pictures of all!. Thanks for a great lunch :)
Vegas tradition for boyfriend and I to eat here every Vegas trip! :). . They have never disappointed me with food. EVER. . . HOWEVER the last time I went with my boyfriend, I got a horrible waiter who was obnoxiously rude and just didn't seem like he really enjoyed his job. Although I love the food and I'm never scared to throw down the bills here because I'm always satisfied, the servers need to keep in mind that a lot of people going are expecting top service. C'mon your a restaurant right in front of the bellagio show, on the strip with patio seating. Show customers a little decency here.... be nice or at least come when we obviously want to order or need something... . . ANYWAYS enough about him.... . escargot- yum. salmon- yum. steak- yum. ALL the desserts - DELICIOUS. croque monsieur- yum. au poivre- yum. . I can go on forever... if your in vegas, stop by and give this place a try! u won't regret it!
Quite a surprise!  . . My wife and I loved this place!  The service was excellent, the food was fantastic, and the restaurant is beautiful.  This is a winner and it is on the strip!  Yes it has tourists, yes it is in a casino but it is not like any other casino based restaurant I have ever been to.  I would highly recommend this place.
We had a fabulous dinner here. We made reservations and very glad we did because the wait was for 1.5 hours on Saturday evening around 6:30am. We started with the smoke salmon with creme fraiche and it was very tasty and fresh. We then ordered the French Onion Soup that was a nice size for two people to share. I also ordered the chilled gazpacho which was prepared perfectly and was also a large portion. My husband ordered the steak and I ordered the grilled chicken. Come hungry here because the portions are definitely Americanized and not the typical french size portions as I was expecting. My chicken was cooked nicely and not dry at all.. We saw another guest eating the baked goat cheese in a marinara sauce which looked like a good dish to try as well.. our table was right next to the patio and we got to view the Belaggio's show throughout the dinner.. We will definitely be going back. I really felt like I was in a large french restaurant and the ambiance was set just perfect to enjoy a great meal, with pricing just right for the setting.
We had an amazing dinner here!  We had reservations, but decided last minute to wait for a patio table.  It took about an hour to be seated, but the view was totally worth it!  I love the Bellagio fountain and felt like I got a front row seat for the show.. . The food was delicious & our waitress was great - no complaints.  If you plan on eating here, show up early and wait for a patio table.The casino is steps away to keep you entertained while you wait!
Absolutely love this place.  Flew in on a Friday afternoon and went in for a late lunch/early dinner right after check-in.  Had great seating on the patio with amazing people watching.  Had the Trout Almondine which was delicious.  We also shared an escargot appetizer that was amazing with their great loaf(s) of bread.  Wonderful list of French wines to go with it all.  We plan to eat here every time we visit Vegas!
Packed for a reason, we got lucky and ended up having a great breakfast here! Great spot for people watching, if you can get a table outside. Omelets are great. You don't have to always stuff yourself with a buffet in Vegas. Try this place out, I swear you'll keep coming back over and over again. We did. 2x in 4 days.
Their food here is to DIE FOR!!! . . Warning...make reservations!!! My bestie, boyfriend, and I spontaneously decided to come here since we wanted to have a nice fine dining. The wait can be almost an hour (we waited for 45 min). BUT!!! If you know how to utilize your time while waiting, it will most certainly be worth it. Since the casino machines are within distance from Mon Ami Gabi, might as well gamble, right? :) . . Once seated, we were promptly served with bread and some cherry tomato and something else toppings. It was really good. . . Afterwards, we all decided to have steak dinner...hey why not? It's Vegas! :D Under the steak frites category, I ordered the "Hanger Steak", well done. As my order came, I was also served with some hand cut fries. OMG!!! IT WAS DELISH!!! I was surely satisfied with their food. Once finished with our dinner, I walked out of the restaurant as a happy person. :) . . Overall, if you ever have the chance, try eating outside in the patio area where you have a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. It is actually better at night. :D
Hands down this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  (And that's saying something)  Managed to even convert my picky boyfriend who doesn't like French food into loving it as well.. 1. Love the on line reservation system....emails you a confirmation as well.  Will say if you'd like patio seating call or pop in earlier in the day.. 2. Outdoor patio seating has some of the best views in Vegas.  Love watching the people and the fountains.. 3. The food is great.  Have tried multiple items and always with great success.  The mussels, salads, soups and the steaks.  Also the fries here are some of the best I've ever had.. 4. Great service despite how busy the restaurant is.. 5.  The price point for at this restaurant is very very affordable....especially for Vegas. Might as well go all out and get the good bottle of wine!. . Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas.....just so I can have another meal here.
It was the last place we went to eat at on our last day in las vegas and i sooooo wish we had gone there since the first day we arrived. The service is fantastic. Our server was very courteous and attentive. The food was delicious. It was the first time i had a crepe. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that wants to get away from the buffets for a day and have a nice, relaxing, and high quality meal.
Another Vegas trip, another visit to Mon Ami Gabi.  It's probably not surprising if you've read my past reviews that a visit to MAG is always on my must-list.  And once again like my last trip, I visited them twice.  Once for a late mid-week lunch, and then for Saturday brunch.. . This was actually my first time eating at MAG for lunch.  It's actually a different atmosphere compared to Breakfast and Dinner.  In fact, I think it was the most mellowest.  Then again it was a late lunch at around 2pm.  So a good tip would be if you want try MAG for lunch and not have to wait a long time for a table on the patio, go for a late lunch.  I ordered the Seafood Crepe which I've actually have had my sights on for a long time because the pics on yelp looked amazing!. . Seafood Crepe with Scallops, Shrimp, Peas & Cream. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=r7_bvU2OpBURSOyT8rle9A). This was so delicious!  Huge pieces of Shrimp and Scallops to go with the Crepe.  I'm a big eater, but this surprisingly filled me up.  And that's such a good thing!. . Once again, my last meal in before leaving Vegas was breakfast at MAG.  And being it National Burger Month and I've yet to try it, I ordered their Cheeseburger with Gruyere, Bacon, and Fried Egg.  It's the breakfast of champions!. . Cheeseburger with Fried Egg, Bacon, and Frites. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=h4ePDPYrL1bml0z4aMcdqw). Here's a closeup of the Burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=h4ePDPYrL1bml0z4aMcdqw#0i7Mnft4JKYgaZW10jsjVg). The Burger was cooked a perfect medium rare and of course paired with their flat handcut Frites made for a very satisfying breakfast!. . I love how consistent their food and service has always been for me.  And the surprising part is how I've never had ordered the same thing twice here, yet everything I've had has been spot on!
The best Hamburger I have ever had, right here! I go and do take out and bring it to my hotel pool it is so good.. . Blue cheese, carmelized oninions, the Best!. . I had dinner there as well and found it really good too, I just crave that hamburger whenever I go to Las Vegas and have to have it. My friend and his wife turned me on to this place and I have been indebted to them since. . . Go there for lunch and have one you wont be disappointed.
Great menu and kid friendly. Reasonably priced and a wonderful patio on the strip for people watching while you dine.
Scrumptious-delicious Cinnamon skinny pancakes!!  My first time dining here for breakfast and I'm a fan.  I've passed it many times in the past and never paid any mind to it but after a friend recommended it as a fave spot, I had try it and boy was it worth it!  I started w/ the white egg omelette w/ turkey and Brie and though it was healthy it was like no other concoction I've ever had.  It was topped w/ a tangy avocado relish that was out of this world.  To finish we had the skinny cinnamon pancakes and it was perfection.  Just right sweetness and texture.  Will def be back every time I visit Vegas!!
So we were walking down the strip and came across this place inside the paris hotel & casino at first we were a little bit unsure whether to go or not because the wait was 45mins but you know what it's Vegas so thats how it is! Eventually we got into our seat and right away the server put the complimentary bread on our table I thought thats very nice of them after waiting 45 mins. The servers are very nice and professional they were able to explain the food that we wanted to get and even gave me a sample wine to make sure thats the wine that I wanted. We ordered the chicken liver (pate) omg i love pate their pate is oh so good with the bruschetta bread. Also ordered the steak omg one of the best steak I have ever had because I personally didnt even need the steak knife to cut it because it was tender enough also dont need the steak sauce as it comes along with their special sauce. I finished the whole steak not because its a small portion but because it was too delicious and it is too unusual for me. When it comes to dessert we had the friteroles (whatever you call it) gosh its so good!!!! I am definitely coming back here I just love it and the price is very good too just reasonable and suitable! Awesome! Love it!
Love it!! We have eaten here around 6 times and it has always been wonderful. Do not miss it on your next trip to Las Vegas.
This French place has been around since the time I started coming to Vegas and enjoying it! The prices are extremely reasonable and the food is ALWAYS consistently delicious! Service is great too. I am so happy to know they have a special gluten-free menu for those with gluten allergies. They even make gluten-free bread and croutons in house! . . I had the mussels as my entree and my friend Kim had shrimp cocktail. Love it!
I LOVE this restaurant! I ate ate a lot of restaurants when visited Vegas and this was the one that stood out by far. When you come here you MUST get the mussels. They give you freshly baked baguettes that you can use to soak up the delicious buttery white wine broth. YUMMMM! French sangria was amazing too - who knew rosemary works in sangria?
One of the best fancy schmancy values on the strip. Any place with a "great view of the Bellagio fountains," whether it be a room, a restaurant, or the ledge in front of the Bellagio fountains, brings 'em out. The first come, first served patio wait list is long and they overtly try to dissuade you from it, but as long as you're okay with plopping yourself in front of some slots or video poker to lose a bit of dough while you wait, it's just fine. And once you are seated...boy, that view! It's a wonder there aren't more Strip restaurants out near the street like Mon Ami because the effect is great - the fountains, Eiffel Tower, and the flanking Cosmopolitan and Caesars make your seat in the middle of it all both intimate and grand.  . . The service was excellent - we even had an authentic French waiter. The bistro fare menu and prices are completely reasonable given the location, and the food is delicious, from my perfectly cooked hanger steak to the skate wing I tried, the gentle wine selection (not bold enough to rock you but a solid complement to the food), and of course, the pre-dinner baguette. It's places like Mon Ami that really make Las Vegas a well-rounded vacation spot these days, at least for the foodies that want some wine with their sequined cheese. Oh, and as date material, let's just say my panties would have been flying, if I'd worn any.
Great food and awesome views
You know it's good when the chefs around town eat their meals here on their break. Great value, fantastic views, amazing food. It's the real deal for Vegas. . . We had reservations but waited for the patio (30min more) so we could watch the Bellagio views. Be prepared at peak times to wait over an hour for that if you want.. . Service was quick and efficient from beginning to end, appetizers fantastic (goat cheese/tomato dip? wow), and entrees were cooked perfectly. Dinner for two was under $80 and honestly felt it was better value than some places I've tried at twice the cost. . . I'll be back...so much more menu to try!
Well My Friend, this is a great place to dine at.  It was our last night in Vegas and wanted to dine someplace where we could people watch on the strip.  So after trying to decide between 2 places we went with Mon Ami Gabi.  Since we didn't have reservation and we wanted to sit out on the patio the wait was over an hour.  . . We were seated towards the corner and was soon greeted by our waiter Scott.  He was all smiles kinda reminded me of Marc Anthony.  Very friendly and helpful in trying to decide on what to order as he shared the recomendations.. . Started off with some drinks and got 2 appetizers.  . . Sea scallops gratinees ~ was broiled to yummygoodness I could have easily eaten 2 plated of these.  . . Mussels Mariniere ~ Cooked in white wine with slithers of garlic.  They were very good.  . . Scallop potato and green beans that came with the Prime rib was very addicting.  The scallop potatoes had a pretty good garlic flavor throughout it was really good. . . Prime Rib ~ This was one huge honker of a prime rib.  Cooked perfectly to a medium rare.  It was juicy and tender.  Mmmm Meat!. . Skate Wing ~ One thing I always order when its on the menu.  If you have never had one its like the best of crab, lobster and fish.  Its sooo damn good.  I could have eaten 2 of these things.  Its very lightly pan fried and served with pureed cauliflower.  . . After pigging out we needed to settle out tummy so as all reasonably sound person would do we ordered some cappuccino and dessert.. . Bananas Foster Crepe ~ It wasn't like the bananas fosters you get in New Orleans but it had the right flavor.  It was very good and with the tasty cup of cappuccino it was the perfect end to a great visit in Vegas.. . Eyes ~ Great place to people watch and catch the show of the Bellagio fountains.. Nose ~ Smelling like its gonna be a great dinner!. Ear ~ Its a typical dinner time vibe!. Mouth ~ Really tasty good stuff!. Tummy ~ Everything was tasty good and was totally satisfied!
This is a Great French steak-house chain located in the Paris Hotel Casino. I have had everything from a steak to the duck (it was a special one night) and it was fantastic. Ask to be seated on the patio and have a great view of the Las Vegas Strip (as I have said in other reviews Las Vegas has the best people watching on the planet).
Exceptional food at reasonable prices.  Reservations are a must.
Outstanding dinner last night with husbande and two teenage boys.  The french onion soup was great as were our steaks.  Our boys really enjoyed the baked goat cheese appetizer and I loved the the skate wing.. . Great service too.  We waited about 20 minutes to sit inside around 9:00 p.m.
My wife and I had a great time at this wonderful establishment. Great food, Great staff. What more can I say. My wife who lived in Paris for over decade loves the food here. So if someone from France loves the American version of French food then you are in good hands.. Please take the time to enjoy the food, it is well worth it.. Cannot wait to go back the next time we are in Vegas.
Steak good.. Bread good.. . They were about to close but let us in anyway. We were saved from starvation!!!. Service good.. . Overall: satisfying meal.
Amazing. Sat outside for breakfast looking at the bellagio under red umbrellas. All the food is so good and taste made from scratch (whip cream for waffles, jam for toast, whipped butter). Am going back for lunch now.
Due to the enormous amount of reviews on yelp, my boyfriend and I decided to try this restaurant. We were not disappointed! *phew*. . We ordered escargots for appetizer and i was hesitant to order it because i've never tried it and was worried i wouldn't like it. BUT, i LOVED IT! The only thing about this dish is that its a bit on the oily side. It was still delicious nonetheless, however the escargots were drenched (LITERALLY) in garlic-herb butter which im not sure if thats usually how they're made. It was good though.. . He ordered steak frites which is apparently what they are famous for and the steak was perfectly seasoned (i usually find steak too underseasoned) and the frites were really cool. They were more like chips than fries because they were so incredibly thin! But i liked how thin they were cuz they didn't taste as oily as normal fries even though they probably are.. . I ordered peppercorn sauce steak and green beans. It was also delicious. The meat was cooked exactly the way i wanted it and was very tender.
Came back to this place with some friends for Breakfast and loved it! My only complaint is Breakfast ends at 10:30am even on the weekends. After 10:30am you have to order from their Brunch Menu which has a couple of Breakfast dishes.  We made reservations since we had a large group but ended up getting tables on the Patio (The Patio is First Come First Serve). The BF ordered the Braised Beef Eggs Benedict and I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict.  I think I preferred the Braised Beef Eggs Benedict it came Braised Beef, caramelized onions, and their yummy yet fatty hollandaise sauce on top of an extra toasty English muffin. The Braised Beef had so much flavor and was really tender loved it! The Smoked Salmon came with hollandaise sauce on top of an extra toasty English muffin. I felt the smoked salmon was a little too salty for my taste. Both plates came with a side of extra crispy hashbrown Yum! Can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
A nice spacious restaurant! This hotspot is located at the base of Paris hotel and is alongside the sidewalk of the lively Las Vegas Blvd.  My visit to Mon Ami Gabi evoked flashbacks of my time in Paris mid-summer. To my surprise, the decor and food accurately captures the essence of a French restaurant.. . My favorite aspect of this exquisite eatery is the affordable pricing and the wide selections on the menu. For less than $20, you can already have a good amount of food. I enjoyed my Prime Steak sandwich, which had tender and succulent meat between two soft freshly-baked bread.  When I took a bite the Warm Chicken and Brie sandwich, my mouth rejoiced after tasting the flavorful yet delicate combination of the ingredients put together.  The marriage of brie cheese and chicken provides a high enjoyable level of savoriness.  Mon Ami Gabi was able to bring sandwiches above and beyond the expectations I normally have. . Every sandwich (and many dishes) comes with a small basket of crispy potatoes.  They are similar to french fries as well as potato chips and compliment the entrees wonderfully with their lightly salted crispiness.. . The service is wonderful as the workers are knowledgeable about everything on the food and wine menu.  One of the IMPORTANT things to anticipate upon arrival to Mon Ami Gabi is the shirt policy.  Male customers must wear a shirt with sleeves (essentially no tank tops).  One of the people in my party unknowingly did not wear a shirt with sleeves to this restaurant.  However, the workers were nice enough to provide him with a complementary Paris hotel t-shirt.  Is the service great or what?
We had dinner here as we watched the Fountains of the Bellagio show.. I had the french onion soup which was fabulous, and we also ordered artesan cheese hors d'oeuvres. We have not gotten around to having a full meal there yet. We will soon visit the Chicago location to try their steaks.. The ambience was warm and comfortable and the waitress was friendly and talkative (which I love). She actually told us about the Chicago location , which i did not know about and that they are part of the Lettuce Entertain You chain that I love many of their restaurants.. This particular location is perfect for travelers who want to eat a great meal and watch the Bellagio show.
Awwww oui! Mikey likey. I came here recently for my second or third time and I was more impressed than the previous time, or two times. How much more impressed? Enough to give this sucker five stars, in case you didn't notice and are still reading this review despite the fact that five stars really says it all.. . Mon Ami Gabi doesn't deserve credit for the fact that I can't give a place that serves me Filet Mignon a bad rating. But, in this case, that is exactly what they are going to get. A not bad rating, that is.. . And judging by the relative lack of positive reviews of this establishment just kidding I have to say that they will likely see a huge surge of traffic after I click Save Now, followed by Post. Because my positive reviews bring all the boys to the yard, and in this analogy, the yard is this restaurant and the boys really are people of any gender that are willing to eat very tasty french inspired steak while likely sitting on a patio that is directly across the street from the Bellagio water fountain shows. . Run on sentences are nothing to scoff at. Go here and order some food. Stop reading this review already. I could teach you, but I'd have to charge.
I absolutely love French food done right and Mon Ami Gabi, to me tastes like homemade French food.. . The oysters, escargot and sea bass were cooked perfectly. The Escargot had a great texture and the sauce went well with the baguette.. . The interior feels like a home...extremely welcoming; it feels like a place where you can have a nice dinner or lunch watching the Bellagio fountains or just people watching in general. . . The service was quick and the waiters were friendly and knowledgable. If you're in the mood for classic French food on the strip that isn't extremely pricy I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi.
I've always passed by Mon Ami Gabi, thinking it was one of the more tourist-trappy restaurants on the strip.  I assumed they were serving sub-par food for astronomical prices just because you had a front patio view of the strip.. . Let me say it here and now: I stand corrected.  At Mon Ami Gabi, I had the best Quiche Lorraine of my life.  The worst part?  I hadn't even ordered it.  It was my aunt's order and I had to just hope and pray that her tiny appetite would perform as normal and there would be lots left over for me to devour. . . Strangely enough, even the red cabbage-frisee-kale salad with the house dressing that came with the Quiche Lorraine was outstanding as well, to the point that I asked the staff if I could have the recipe for the house vinaigrette (and I don't even normally go for kale).. . I ordered the Eggs Benedict and, truthfully, they weren't the best I've ever had, but they weren't bad by any standard.  What can I say?  I had that quiche on the brain and nothing compared.. . The atmosphere is as you would expect facing the strip, however if you happen to have your back to the strip, you might--just might--forget you're in Vegas and think you're sitting in a Paris bistro.  Until you see the hungover frat boys plop down at the table next to you and an overweight couple in visors and fanny-packs plop down at the table on the other side of you.. . The staff is friendly and helpful for the most part, and when I asked for the recipe for the vinaigrette, they came back from the kitchen with a little form asking for my name, email address, and what recipe I wanted (I threw in a request for the quiche while I was at it) and the chef would email me soon.. . Overall, I can't wait to go back, maybe for something else (the blueberry waffles looked amazing), but probably for the quiche!
Do I have a story to tell!. Back in April 2010, I had planned for 2 years my European trip to go to my dream city Paris, France. . We were to fly there and meet my sister from Berlin, and best friend in Naples. Before we left Honolulu, ready to board our plane to our Las Vegas stop over, my sister in Berlin calls me, and says there's a huge volcano erupting in Iceland. Being from Hawaii, it was no big deal to me.. Shortstory long, we were stuck in Vegas for 5 days, tears rolling down my face, my husband took me to the "Eifel Tower" restaurant on the strip called Mon Ami Gabi.. . We were so lucky, we got a cute 2 top table right outside facing the Bellagio..  It was one of the most romantic, outdoor dinners we had, it was almost like being there in Paris (ALMOST) Our waiter was amazing, as he listened to our sob story, and gave us excellent suggestions. . We ordered Fresh Oysters on a half shell,(totally devine) which is flown in daily, French Oniopn Soup (duh!) baked to perfection, Bread and Brie cheese with French Red wine (okay, so I got carried away a little with the French theme),Filet Mignon and sat right underneath the Eifel Tower.. Next thing we know, the watershow from the Bellagio started! What timing, it was incredible. It wasn't Europe, but it was the next best thing that made our trip a memorable one.. We finally went on our Parisian trip, and Mon Ami Gabi, is still my favorite French restaurant I've been to!. Take a loved one there, they will thank you forever :). Checkout my pictures-
I went here twice for breakfast last week and Mon Ami Gabi is now my goto place for breakfast in Vegas.  In fact, I think I may have to stay at Paris next time I go just so I can roll out of bed and into that restaurant.. . I had the french toast the first day and a ham and cheese omelette the next.  My honey had steak & eggs the first day, and french toast the next.  (I stole a bite of his steak so can comment on all three dishes).  Everything was really good.  . . The french toast was different than your usual american french toast but was delicious, I love the generous dollop of whipped cream and all the blueberries and blueberry syrup.  They use two thick slices of bread, I am not sure what kind of bread but it's not your typical french toast sourdough or texas toast.  It was neither soggy or hard, was perfectly 'egged', and just the right amount of food to be comfortably sated without being stuffed.. . The steak on my honey's steak and eggs was peppery and flavorful.  Sometime I need to come back for lunch so I can order the steak with roquefort sauce....mmmm!. . My omelette was perfect as well - not greasy, but fluffy, with ham and gruyere.  The hash browns were perfect, buttery and herbed without being greasy, hard or soggy.  I loved the whipped butter and fresh raspberry jam that came with the crusty bread as well.  . . And to top it all off, the prices are not bad by Vegas standards.  Most of these dishes were about $11 (except the steak and eggs, which was a bit higher).  Let me tell you I've had FAR crappier breakfast for much more money many times in this town (both on the strip and off).. . Service was very good, as a tip I'd suggest eating inside rather than outside, it's quieter and easier to get a table and it's not 100+ degrees.  Win-win!. . For all these benefits, I give them the coveted 5 star rating.  It would be nice if they gave out total reward points, but they are apparently separate from the casino.  Oh well, no biggie!
My review is for breakfast.. . I came here every single day for breakfast! The view from the patio is fantastic. . I got waffles, french toast, and the egg/bacon crepe and none disappointed me. The blueberries were fresh, the milk was served cold, and the staff is attentive and makes you feel like a million bucks. Love love love!!!
OMG what an incredible dinner the steaks were amazing an the chefs apple n celery  amuse n carrot amuse were a great start to the dinner thank you.  Dia our waitress was the bomb!!!
Last year,I went to Vegas  for a week due to my hubby's conference there; after i checked at Yelp ,(before we left), we tried Mon Ami Gibi for brunch....wow! Their waffle was so....yummy! So last week( June ,2012), I went with my hubby to Vegas again ( the same reason there), we put on our schedule to have a brunch there again....still, we both loved their waffle. So far, I haven't found any better place for waffle in San Francisco than Mon Ami Gibi.. . went to Mon Ami Gibi for breakfast last
This is my "impressor" restaurant. Whenever I have friends or family come in from out of town, this is where I take them. Service is always top-notch and the food is amazing. I highly recommend making a reservation - they will take you very quickly if you do. I've never had to wait more than 5 min. if I made a reservation; going in on a Friday night without a reservation was about an hour wait. That's to be expected. You usually wait longer for a patio table, because of its excellent views, but I say skip it if you've seen the fountains - the inside is usually quiet and calm, so it makes for a much more relaxing meal.. . You hungry after that wait? No problem. They're going to bring you a fresh baguettewith an amuse-bouche that you'll dream about for months. For an appetizer, get the brie and put it on that delicious bread. They only give you four crostinis with the brie, which can seem a little chintzy, but with the bread there, you have plenty of carbs to put your brie on.. . I've taken vegetarian friends and carnivorous friends here alike and they've all found something delicious on the menu. I highly recommend the filet mignon in merlot butter - it comes with crispy chipped fries which are the perfect combination of fry and potato chip. . . Honestly, I've never made it to dessert, because I've been so stuffed after savoring every last bite of my filet. I've even taken my culinarily-non-adventurous parents here, and they LOVED it. This restaurant's safe for all tastes and though it's a Strip price (about $60-person) it's worth every penny.
Seafood platter is perfect! Good service too
one of the BEST MEALS i've had was here! mussels.. steak frites... chocolate pudding... TO DIE FOR!
In recent years, we've seen 99-cent shrimp cocktail fall by the wayside as Vegas has evolved into one of the best restaurant cities in the country.  With our mix of celebrity chefs and other vittle visionaries, we've become a dining destination.  . . Rather than holding tightly to their treasured recipes, some of these chefs are throwing open the doors to their kitchens and teaching us to cook like they do.  The classes are terrifically good time, and I have actually learned a lot each time I've attended.  It's a wonderful way to spend a Saturday morning.. . You may want to have a designated driver on standby, though, because your wine glass will never be empty!. . Here are "quelque choses" I learned at a fantastic Mon Ami Gabi French cooking class in January of 2012:. . * When caramelizing mushrooms, don't wash them because they won't carmelize properly. Instead, brush them off. And, use pomace oil, rather than extra virgin olive oil, because it has a higher heating point. . . * The fine mesh sieve is a Chinois.  It's used to strain the Four Mushroom Soup after it's been blended. It's so-named because it resembles a Chinaman's hat. :). . * Sear the sea scallops only on one side to avoid making them rubbery.. . * Don't pair a dessert wine with dessert. It's too much sweet, and they will diminish each other.. . * Preparing the fresh cream to top the Warm Chocolate Pudding Cake, I learned the proper way to whip is with a Figure 8 maneuver.  It's a workout!. . The next class at Mon Ami Gabi is July 21.  Taking no chances, I registered a month ago.  It's gonna be "magnifique"!
French toast is like a dessert, hash browns are delicious, and the view is great!  (Try to get a seat by the patio)
Me and cousin were deciding on a place to eat. There are so many fine restaurants in Vegas and in the end we decided last minute to go here on the 2nd night I was in Vegas. It was a great choice!!  I called in earlier that evening around 830pm and made reservations for two. I was very surprised that they still accepted reservations the night of! It was definitely a good idea since there were people waiting when we got there at 10pm. One of the Asian hostesses was a bit rude towards me since she asked me to get in the back of the line when I was obviously there before other guests. But I just let that go. . . When we walked into the restaurant it was very crowded. Most, if not all of the tables were occupied. I was under the impression that it was casual atire, but people were dressed rather nice. We sat indoors. The ambiance is rather romantic with slightly dim lights. The atmosphere seemed lively yet relaxed at the same time with people conversing and having a merry time. Our waiter was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu. He gave us advice on what to order which worked out wonderfully!!. . We ordered the ESCARGOTS DE BOURGOGNE(oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter) and FILET MIGNON MERLOT(steak with butter and red wine reduction, served with their signature hand-cut frites). Both were very good. I've had snails before but never cooked this way. We ate it with the fresh warm bread! The steak was soooo TENDER!!! By far the best steak I have eaten! Seasoned perfectly and it is like butter when you cut into it. The Frites were also very good and a different spin on fries. I actually like it better than fries because they are thinner and crispier. I am sad that I decided not to order dessert here because I wanted to try Serendipity(no bueno). The total came out to be only $50. What a great deal for such delicious food! I will be coming back no doubt when I am in Vegas :)
Biggest let down of the trip. I read Craig R's review earlier this year and decided the next time I visited Vegas I would eat here for breakfast and have the Slow Braised Beef Eggs Benedict. Thursday morning we all rose early so we could beat any crowds and have a delicious breakfast.. . Seated on the patio, handed menus, gave our drink orders. Looked over the menu...where is the Slow Braised Beef Eggs Benedict? I asked the waitress...oh, that is a winter item. The menu changes with the seasons. She said the menu is always updated online, so check it out before visiting again to make sure they have what I want.. . Oh well. I ordered the normal Eggs Benedict. BF ordered the Croissant Sandwich, and BFF ordered Three Eggs with Bacon and Toast. . . The food was great!My eggs benedict was one of the best ones I have ever had. I loved everything about it. BF's sandwich was awesome! It had eggs, tomato, turkey, avocado and mayo. Delish!. . Our service was spectacular and I really liked the look of this restaurant. I will definitely eat here again, and now it looks like I have a reason to visit Las Vegas in the winter!
This year, my boyfriend and I ventured to Las Vegas for the fourth time with the intention of visiting Mon Ami again as it's a favorite for both of us. The hostesses are always warm and friendly as they chat with you on the way to your requested table. I initially visited this restaurant for it's dinner menu which is extensive and very tasty, but it has quickly become my favorite breakfast spot while in Vegas.. . There's nothing more relaxing than sitting on the patio in the morning enjoying a steak and eggs breakfast with some delicious strong coffee, (and a morning bellini). Both times this year, (May 14 (Nicole R.) and May 21 (Rey R.)) the service was impeccable. Both of the waitress were very friendly and were always available if we needed anything. I would absolutely recommend Mon Ami Gabi to anyone looking for good food and good service.
Vegas! A place to play, eat, and spend lot of money. Been to Vegas many times and have done it all, but now in my old age, I look forward to the food options.. Visited this French restaurant about 10 years ago, and this time I took my boyfriend.. It was HOT!!! but managed to get a table in the shade, under the umbrellas and the mist that sprays from the railing. This is a great spot for people watching!!!. We had good service. The gal that sat us was very chatty. Our service, a nice young man, not overly friendly but efficient.. I ordered what I ordered when I came many moons ago, full size order of muscles, with came with thin frites. We also ordered the warm brie with honey, and a fruit bowl, which was a carved cantaloupe filled with fruit.. The warm brie with honey came with roasted garlic pieces, whole hazelnuts, and 4 crustini. My boyfriend is not a huge fan of brie, but he certainly loved this! He also liked the fries. His fruit was good, and the fresh bread, mini loaf they give you, is freshly baked on the premises and is so good. . So if you can't make it to gay paris, this may be the closest you can come. Of course they aren't as snobby as the french can be (so I've heard). If you are a french foodie snob and have been to Paris, or France, maybe not your cup of tea, but for the rest of this, will do.  Pricey yes, but well worth the money.
I think this has become my new favourite spot to eat in Vegas. From start to finish, the whole experience was 5 stars!. . I had made a reservation for 9pm, and we were advised that if we wanted a table outside (which we did) that there may be a wait. So we headed to the Paris about 40 minutes before our reservation time. I spoke to hostess and requested a table on the patio, and asked if we could try to get a table fairly up front and centered, so we'd have a good view of the Bellagio and the fountains. She said she would do her best. Half an hour later, we were being shown to our table by an incredibly friendly hostess who made conversation, and didn't just take us to our table like sheep. . . Our table was perfect! Right up front and dead center. We were able to people watch, and the fountains at the Bellagio really helped set the scene for a romantic dinner on our last night in Vegas. . . Our server was attentive, but not overly so. Knew the menu, knew the specials, and was able to make recommendations. Friendly but not in your face. Efficient but not cold. . . The food was perfect. We started with the onion soup and warm brie, both were gone within minutes. Be forewarned, however... the onion soup is not the onion soup you find at your average American restaurant. A nice big crouton, plenty of melted cheese, and that slight sweetness that you should have in a good onion soup. The brie was ridiculously good. Melted and gooey, drizzled with a peppered honey, and whole cloves of roasted garlic. The baguette they bring you to start is warm, crusty on the outside, soft on the inside, and the butter is soft and spreadable (HUGE brownie points for that!). . . We both went forthe steak frittes: my partner getting the steak au poivre, with the peppered sauce, and I ended up getting the bourdelaise and the bernaise sauce on the side, because I couldn't decide which I wanted. Both were amazing, but I ended up pouring the light, slightly lemony bernaise on to my steak, which was perfectly rare and melt-in-your-mouth tender. The frittes were thin and cooked perfectly. We shared a side of ratatouille, that had incredible flavour and complemented the steaks perfectly. . . A perfect end to our trip.
Patio for Sunday brunch, if you don't mind ignoring the traffic, very reasonable prices, the food was fine (it's not Joel Robuchon so don't get yer hopes up), the service was fine, the setting was outstanding.
Very fancy french restaurant food costly service was very good had waiters checking up constantly view is spectacular u get to see the bellagio water show if u ballon and with a lady check this great spot out
Not really French food, (at least for breakfast), but it was probably the tastiest place we ate in Vegas. Attentive service, great atmosphere. delicious food. We will definitely be back..  It was Bastille day, so I wanted to eat something French!.  We had the smoked salmon eggs Benedict, yum. They could have put a little more smoked salmon on it. In Europe, they are very  generous with the smoked salmon. It would be nice if they offered a typical French breakfast combo of crisp- on- the outside croissant, fresh crisp baguette, jam, butter and a latte. Then I would really feel like I was back in France!
This is my favorite steak house in Las Vegas, and although I cant say I have been to a ton of steak houses in Las Vegas, its mainly because I don't want to miss out on this place. Their food is amazing, I usually order the hanger steak with blue cheese. Just thinking about it is making me want to get back there! I definitely recommend the bananas foster for dessert, it is amazing! The warm bananas are folded in a crepe with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream!
We had an amazing experience at mon ami gabi.  We were there for dinner celebrating my husbands bday.  Upon arrival, we were seated right away.  Our waiter was very knowledgable about the menu items and was able to guide my husband through the steak choices.  My husband had the filet mignonette with the merlot sauce. I am not much of a steak eater but my husbands dinner was very well executed and tasted amazing.  I ordered the scallops and ratatouille...AWESOME!  I highly recommend this restaurant not only for the food but also for the great service and great price!
This was the first trip I took to Vegas in which I was celebrating a birthday for someone who means a whole lot to me (my boyfriend) and "going HAM" wasn't exactly the entire itinerary... since I know very little about Vegas eateries because all I do is party when I go to Vegas, I did the only thing I know to do in such situations...I Yelp'd... and found this lovely place in Paris. It was perhaps one of our top 5 most romantic dinners we have ever had, the place was so intimate and warm. We even got fancy and sipped on wine haha. Started off with the onion soup...it was rich and flavorful, the cheese melted in your mouth and the full flavor of onion in every bite would scare all the vampires away, or is that garlic? Whatever...I got the filet mignon merlot and boyfriend got the hangar steak. First bite of meat and I died...soooo soft and tender, I felt like there was no need for the knife. It was a beautifully crafted piece of meat. That night, Vegas showed me its sensual side, and presented me with this masterpiece at Mon Ami...Yes...I cheated on my boyfriend right in front of him and had no shame...  I love Yelp...
By far my best dining experience in Vegas, actually in a while. They definitely deserve all 5 stars for the service, food, appearance and everything.. . Service:. We came here without reservations and were told we had an 1 and 30 minute wait so we figured we would walk around and catch the Fountains at Bellagio show. The hostess then told us to come back after 30 minutes and she would give us a buzzer. We see the show and come back only to have to wait for just 3 minutes. We asked them to sit us on the balcony and with only a side balcony table being opened they let us wait for the center table to to be cleaned without any issue! Our waitress had a very cheery attitude and recommended us dishes to try.. . Food:. We started of with Duck confit and spinach with cranberries on the side and OMGoodness it was to die for! Like seriously the duck melted in my mouth! I ordered the steak with the caramelized onions and hand carved french fries and my bf had the seafood special. The food was well cooked and very filling.. . I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi for a nice dinner and will be back for more duck confit!
I love this restaurant! We went during the week so we didn't have to worry about long waits. We made a reservation anyway and got to sit at an awesome table facing the Bellagio fountains. . . Service was great--our server had a super thick french accent which could be difficult to understand, but at least he wasn't snobby in the least. . . Our order:. Drink: Frangria 3 STARS. (sangria with rosemary) - rosemary was overwhelming, and the drink was incredibly sweet. It was okay but I wouldn't order it again.. . Appetizers:. Country Pate: 5 STARS. I love pate. country pate, classic, terrines of all sorts. This one had a nice meaty texture to it, and I loved the bread and mustard it was served with. Would definitely order this again. They also have a chicken liver mousse on the menu that I want to try. Next time!. . Mixed salad with kale: 4 STARS. Can't remember too much about this salad, but it was good, from what I can recall.. . Mussels Mariniere (boyfriend's order): 5 STARS. The rest of the trip, we were talking about coming back to get more of these mussels!!! We ordered a half-order for $10.95 and they were big, tender, and that broth was AMAZING and perfectly seasoned. Best dish of the meal for sure! ***TIP: The resto gives you a loaf of bread at the beginning of the meal. SAVE IT FOR SOPPING UP THE BROTH. Too good.. . Bone-in Ribeye: 4 STARS: Perfectly seasoned and very well cooked, but excessively fatty (not marbled--we're talking chunks of fat). I also had a bit of gristle in mine but it wasn't much. The fries that come with the rib eye are SO GOOD. It's like a potato chip made babies with a french fry. crispy and tasty and awesome and they soak up the meat juice and become little crispy meat-juice carriers. My mouth is watering at the thought of it.. . Scallops with Ratatouille (boyfriend's order): 4 STARS. The scallops (order came with 4 or 5 large scallops) were perfectly cooked--tender and flavorful. The basil pairing was perfect. The ratatouiile was just okay according to him. Plate portion was on the smaller side, but the awesomeness of the scallops made that okay for him.. . We will definitely be back, especially for the pate and mussels. For the price and ambiance (especially if you can get a table overlooking the Bellagio fountains), it can't be beat!
3rd time at Mon Ami and we plan to be back.  Overall a very special place.  Classy, but not stuffy.  Very fair pricing in particular for Vegas.  Outstanding meals.  Very attentive, friendly, and professional staff.  Add to that a priceless view overlooking the Bellagio and fountains.   Main dining room is elegant, however go the distance and wait for seating in the pavilion to get the view that puts your romantic evening over the top.  Understand the place is a buzz with energy, so expect volume and chatter to go hand in hand with that.  It's not a quiet place, but you will be able to hear and hold conversation.    Strongly advise advance reservations.
Always loved the Chicago original, and nice to say they do a great job here, too. The food and drink and execution in the pretty bistro made for a couple nice occasions. Pre-show, had the Country Pate along with the Frites with some wine and champagne. Near enough to the theatre, we lounged for a half hour at the bar, had some witty banter with the bartender and enjoyed ourselves. The Pate hit the spot -- served with delicious mustard atop, with toast points, olives, cocktail onions etc. . . The Frites are, in fact, Flat! But very tasty -- not oily at all, and perfectly crisp. It took maybe 28 seconds for them to appear after ordered. Mmmmm.. . The next day, we returned for a light breakfast. Intelligentsia Coffee, so nice to see you. And the Market Berry Waffle worked great for me. Fresh berries alongside the crisp on the outside, soft on the inside waffles. I asked for the Whipped Cream on the side so I could monitor my indulgence! The real syrup was a nice component as well. I ordered a side of Poached Eggs, too, which helped fill me up more completely. The Bircher Muesli was outstanding -- and apparently not easy to make. If you're so inclined, go for it. The mimosa was a nice reminder of having a lazy Sunday. . . Loved also to sit inside but right near the outdoor deck. It's so airy and light out there; really the best of both worlds. And it's a marvel to occasionally see the tactical units circling round to insure the flow of traffic in and out works seamlessly.
Mon Ami Gabi was definitely the highlight meal of  Vegas for us.  I have lost count of how many people I recommended this restaurant to.. . We came here after a failed attempt to see the Eiffel tower due to inclement and we stopped here to grab a bite to eat.  They informed us that the wait was well over an hour long, but since we saw the great regards that were given here, we decided to wait.  She told us to come back after 30 minutes so we can receive a buzzer.  To kill time we caught the next show at the Bellagio Fountains across the street. . . We came back 30 minutes later, received the buzzer, and after walking 5 steps towards the casino, we were buzzed in.. . We sat outside, where during our meal which consisted of the most amazing Duck confit to start, steak for my girlfriend, and a seafood special for myself, we were able to witness numerous shows at the Bellagio fountain.. . A+++. . Cheers
I've walk pass this place so many time, and there is always so many people outside. I had always thought this place was $$$ until my boyfriend decided to take me here for brunch. At first, I thought we weren't going to get seats because the majority of the people here are waiting for the patio seats. (advice: come early to sit at the patio, worth the wait to enjoy yourself) Their brunch ranges from $5-$13. You must try their  quiche (oh Frenchy words), they are so fluffy and so darm goood!! The spinach/asparagus quiche I got was good. It woulf have been great if they had taken a bit off salt. . . Serivce: great! They refill your cup when they see you are out. They come around and asks 'if there's anything else I can get you?' Loved it.. . Oh!!! so they have a full bar, Mimosas, and a bloody Mary bar for customers to customize their OWN Mary's! I thought that was awesome. They start you off with a tall glass, with a shot of vodka, and you go make your own bloody Marys. Made my trip even better. . Will I come back? most definitely!
After seeing the 8:00pm show of Absinthe nearby, Minh, and I were trying to decide what to have for dinner. We did not feel like having any of the usual that we tend to have while we are in town. Looking for something that sounded different and yet filling we came across this gem of a place to eat!. The reviews were excellent and their menu selection was vast!. . Located inside of the Paris hotel, the wait was not too long for the two of us wanting to sit outside on the strip!. . Our table was perfect for us, we had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains, and it boasted great people watching too!. . Our server was sweet as pie, after we settled in, our water was poured and we were asked what we would like to drink. We ordered a couple of glasses of their Frangria. Which I highly recommend! . . Next, our server brought out a piping hot baguette along with some butter and pickled carrots. . . The server gave us plenty of time to look over their menu and answered any questions that we might have!. . I decided on getting:. . Roast Chicken and Frites - half chicken, bacon, mushrooms, pearl onions, and a side of whipped cauliflower.. . The roasted chicken was great, plenty of meat and it was tender and juicy without feeling greasy. I loved the thick pieces of bacon and mushrooms with garlic. The whipped cauliflower was a little salty but it tasted almost the way that I make it!!!! . . Plates here are huge; you could share with someone else! I would have loved to finish my plate but just couldn't, half way through the second piece of chicken and I was started to hit my oh no I'm almost full status!!. . I would love to come back and try their breakfast menu as I was eyeballing their pancakes and bacon!!. . A+++ for great service, food, and sitting us at an awesome table!
Food here is amazing - and for the Las Vegas strip prices are reasonable.   They have a full bar and a good wine list.  We loved their onion soup; mussels; steak; and their crepes for desert.  All in all the service was superb.  Great views of the Belagio Fountains.....and just in general watching the traffic and people walking by..... . Its a great place for either an enjoyable meal with friends or a romantic dinner out.
This was one of my two favorite meals in my 10 day stay in vegas.  The service was awesome, very attentive, but not imposing.  The food was very good.  Right amount of time.  We sat outside so we were able to watch the bellagio fountains.  We had the french toast and the chicken and brie sandwich.  I really like the french toast.  It wasn't too sweet or too bland.  It wasn't too soft or too hard.  It just melted in my mouth.  Just right.
This place is amazing!!! My boyfriend and I went here for our ann. The service was excellent and the food was prepared to perfection! We made reservations asking for a window table and we were pleased when our request was given considering this establishment is quite busy! I highly suggest the baked scallops!!! Yum! This is by far one of my favorite locations for dining on the strip and it was not too bad in price! under $100 for an appetizer 2 entrees and a dessert!
Hands down the best Quiche I have ever had .. and I've eaten alot of quiche. it melts in  your mouth. Quiche Lorraine mmm. . . The restaurant is beautiful. Although certain spots were a little cramped.
Good food, great service, outstanding views! . . I've come here every time I've been to Vegas and have tried every possible meal from breakfast to a late dinner. The best time to enjoy Gabi's is at nighttime: the Bellagio fountains will be going off every 20 or so minutes, the Strip will be packed, and the patio cool and pleasant even in the summer months. However it can get crowded in the evening so if you want to sit outside be prepared to wait for 20 or so minutes and get a reservation in advance. I've come here with a friend once without reservations and was told there would be more than an hour wait to get a seat anywhere on a Saturday night. Since the restaurant is so versatile it's hard to recommend 1 or 2 dishes in particular so it's probably best to list the highlights by meal:. Breakfast: Croque Madame or the Quiche Lorraine. Help yourself to some champagne too, it's Vegas. Lunch: Chilled zapacho, Seafood Crepe, and the Trout Amandine are all great. On Friday they serve an Australian cod which is brilliant. Brunch: Do yourself a favor and order a French 75. It's no longer on the menu but they make the best in town. Add in the Eggs Benedict and it'll rival Bouchon for the best French-themed brunch in Vegas.. Dinner: The Seafood Platter is the best deal for an appetizer. 50 dollars for a whole lobster, oysters,tuna tartare, shrimp and even more. Follow that up with the Steak Bearnaise or Roquefort and finish up with profiteroles accompanied by cognac. Be careful: the calories will add up but it will have been well worth it.
On this beautiful sunny day, we made our stop at this famed restaurant again.  I love everything about this restaurant!. . We had steak sandwich, great!. We had smoked salmon open face sandwich, delish!. We are home now, my kid still talk about their smoked salmon.  . . When I think about this restaurant, I think about white gossamer, elegant tea set, pink  petti-tutu, purple haze lavender... Such a romantic place!. . Mon Ami Gabi, I am forever ur fan!
We had a marvelous dinner last night. so before leaving Las Vegas, we made a stop for breakfast.  Words I have to describe Mon Ami Gabi are:  Attention to detail; excellent service; delectable food; and most of all, the atmosphere was spectacular!  I would highly recommend this gem!
What a great spot to have lunch! Right on the strip. Right across the Bellagio. Right at noon on a Saturday. = Water show for lunch.. . Service is just excellent!!! Food is excellent!!!. . I had the BLT with avocado and it was yummO! . Hubby had the waffle and it was good! Crunchy, not too much batter. Fruits were fresh. . . They were great with kids too. They offered crayons and kept saying hi to my kid.. . So coming back here next time I come to Sin City.
Came here during the early afternoon on a whim to randomly just pick a place to eat while walking the strip. This place is always packed and I heard it was good. My bf and I took a dive in hopes it wouldn't been too long of a wait. Either we were lucky or we came at the right time, the waiting time wasn't long at all.. . Food is amazing and good. Service is good. Tight walking spaces though. . . Miss this place and definitely coming back when in town.
This review is a, "Can I get an AMEN and a THANK YOU BABY JESUS!"  type of review. . . First off, I was in Vegas for the weekend with a family of NINE! Nine people who all love each other, have fun and wanted to eat nearly every meal together. With that, Vegas can be a challenge! . . We spotted Mon Ami from the cab, did a quick yelp search - saw great reviews from James S, Alan K, and Randy B and knew they wouldn't lead me astray! After that I said a small prayer and called for reservations. Nine at 8:30, yes ma'am. The cabs on the strip parted and Celine Dion herself started singing!!. . Alas, my group tried every way possible to throw off Mon Ami, we called to tell them we were late, we all arrived separately, we had a baby in the group, 4 of us had to be out in time for a 10 pm showing of Jubilee...we laid it on!! Mon Ami responded with grace and a smile. . . Everyone had great food, heard wonderful things about the french onion soup, the trout, the salmon, the mussels and the salads. I personally had the roasted chicken with green beans and it was a plate of perfection. The beans had a nice snap, my chicken was moist (Lord I hate that word) and the skin was flavorful and crispy! . . I love this place and will be back! And yes, we made it just in time to catch the awesomenessthat is Jubilee! Thank you Mon Ami Gabi!
Always fantastic! I just have to order the hash everytime I come because it's so damn good! The sangria is great too...and their service has always been excellent for me. Plus watching the people go by on LV Blvd is always fun too, and Lake Bellagio is right accross the street!
I am a big food snob and I know it. This restaurant delivers in both service, although a bit slow, and food. I highly suggest you give it a try. Ask for Isabelle, sit outside and enjoy. The chicken liver mousse is just divine! I also tried the gazpacho a friend had and found it perfect. For an entree I had the frisee salad with warm bacon and a poached egg on top. The entire dish was simply amazing, the egg perfectly poached and delish! My partner had the prime burger with brie, it was Cooked to perfection and tasty too. I hardly ever give 5 stars but this delightful restaurant surely deserves it!
Melt in your mouth steak and mash potatoes worth every penny.
I love this place! I will definitely come here again if I ever return to Vegas. I cam here on a Wednesday morning with my mom. I heard about this place through Yelp. At first my mom did not want to come here, but we were so hungry we settled for this place. I had the strawberry waffle with a side of bacon while my mom had a market berry waffle with a side of bacon. I love every single thing about my order. The presentation of the waffles was so nice. Rather than serving a whole waffle, the chefs cut it up and arrange it in a beautiful way. The whipped cream came on the side. The waffle was so light and crispy. The bacon was amazing! It was thick, yet crispy. And there was a sweetness to it. My mom loved the bacon as well saying "I'd go there again just for the bacon!" This place is a bit pricey, but it was well worth it. I wouldn't have gotten full off of the waffle alone, so that side of bacon was necessary. The staff is very attentive as well.
I look forward to coming here each time I'm in Vegas.  Great food, good service and overall a great place to go for breakfast.  The real highlight would be the Bloody Mary Bar....not to be missed if you are here on a weekend!
This is a wonderful restaurant... part of the "Lettuce Entertain You" group. The "cafe" on the strip is directly across form the Bellagio Fountains so the view is amazing... there is both inside and patio dining and a small bar. The bread is warm in a paper sleeve... Yum.... and the food is fantastic. The entree salads are really nice too. Love it...
When I went on vacation in Las Vegas, I had French toast for brunch in this restaurant. This is the best French toast I have ever had in my life. Thick bread with very delicious blueberry sauce (if I remember correctly). Wow, if I have a chance to go back, I will definitely not miss this restaurant. The service was very good. The patio is awesome!!! You can see Bellagio fountain dancing in every half an hour.
Had breakfast here with the wife and kids at the end of a quick overnight stay.  Very fun, bistro type cafe.  You can sit inside or out.  The service was super.  Food delightful.  Wife had fresh berry pancake.  They are the thin large pancakes, not the traditional type.  They were lovely with a slight lemon taste to them with fresh berries and whipped cream.  Oldest daughter had the nutella waffle which was a disappointment, according to her.  She found them to be too hard and lacking enough nutella to actually classify them as nutella waffles.  Youngest daughter had what she called "the most amazing french toast of her life."  I took a bite or three and would have to agree.  I had a ham, cheese and egg crepe and found it to be a delightful change of pace.   I've had breakfast here four or five times and have never been disappointed.
We dined here on Father's Day as a recommendation by the concierge, and I must say, it was good advice.  Situated directly across from the Bellagio Fountains, this restaurant offered a pleasant experience on a beautiful day, and we sat comfortably on the semi-outdoor patio despite the summer heat.. . The Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine was excellent.  The buttery taste of the salmon and egg contrasted very nicely with the capers.  Never before have I actually enjoyed eating the capers, so I would say that this was a good sign.. . The most notable dish ordered was the Seafood Crepe.  The seafood was amazingly fresh, a great feat for an inland barren desert, and it was all served in a rich, savory cream sauce which brought it all together.. . To top it off, we had a Strawberry and Lemon Sorbet, made from scratch.  The sweet berry naturally went well with the citrus, and it was a wonderful way to finish our lunch.. . Moreover, our waitress was attending culinary school to become a chef, so she really knew her stuff, not to mention the service was great.
So good!!! I'm in love eith the mussels and the steak frites!  Gonna keep coming back every time I go to Vegas for sure...make sure you make a reservation though because it gets pretty busy
Went here for breakfast one early morning and had a great mimosa along with a wonderful breakfast and great views of the strip!  The 5 Star rating speaks more the to wonderful time (including the food and service) and over-all experience rather than just the food.
Outstanding restaurant!! Great views of the Bellagio fountains and climate control was flawless. FOOD- Filet Mignon was perfect. Just absolutely enjoyed our dishes and wine. Tried some great soup. Overall, I will come back to this restaurant and dine with my wife. Kudos to Mon Ami Gabi!
Every time we go Vegas, this is probably the one restaurant that automatically makes our list of restaurants to go.  It's never a matter of IF we come but WHEN!  So we always like to come for breakfast and sit out under the covered patio.  And we've never been disappointed coming here therefore I believe they deserve 5 stars.  Amazing food, great service, and beautiful ambiance.  The only thing is there's usually a wait, which isn't so great but they can't help that for being so good.  Everyone is generally friendly, except for some of the hostesses but I guess they're just grouchy from being so busy.  Anyways, let's get to the best part...the food!  I've been here so many times but here's what I remember from my most recent trip:. . French Toast = AWSOME! They have some of the best french toast around.  They used to have more flavors like bananas foster but now it's just blueberry but still great!. . Chicken Brie and Apple crepe = Awesome! Yep this was also a winner. Their cream sauce is delicious and the crepe is so soft and flavorful. Great combination of flavors!. . Corned Beef Hash = Mmmm! Yep this was also delicious!  They had big flakes of corned beef and flavored it to perfection.. . Salmon and Quinoa = Yumm!  Again, delicious.  However, my mom doesn't like farm raised salmon but they said they get more consistent quality with farm raised over wild.  I was surprised she orded it anyways.  . . Chicken Sausage:  This was a side order but boy was it tasty!  They were kind of small but very very flavorful.  . . So basically...I can't wait to come back!
Steak Frites was incredible as usual. Scallops were just perfectly cooked and deliciously sauced. Desserts...were off the hook! Creme brulee, berries, ice creams and chocolate cake...YUM!
Everything was delicious for the breakfast we ate here and they were very accommodating for our ten month old baby.  He even got to enjoy their delicious yogurt parfait on their relaxing patio :)
This place was absolutely fantastic! The waiters are attentive but not in your face and the food was delicious. I would highly recommend the baked goat cheese and the Spinach and Asparagus Quiche
Delicious breakfast! Very filling, I was full all day! I haven't had the opportunity to eat lunch/dinner there but I will next time. Breakfast was so spectacular that dinner must be just as wonderful. Besides, if you drive by it's always packed which is another obvious indicator that the food is great.. . On a side note, my father is VERY picky and wasn't too thrilled that I made reservations at a French restaurant (he has issues with trying new foods), but he LOVED it, so if you have picky eaters in your family don't worry!
yummy steak & fries!!!
Oh my gosh! It's not often that I can find a restaurant that passes for an authentic French restaurant, but this place does! Everything from the cuisine and waiter to the ambiance. The demi baguette served with our drinks was hot and fresh, and our entrees were cooked to perfection (I had salmon; my husband had lamb chops w/ratatouille). We were so impressed. We didn't secure the patio view of the Bellagio fountains, but the inside by the windows was lovely. And the waiter spoke French with me! I'm so thrilled we came here.
Went there for my birthday. Service was Amazing, Food was phenomenal, champagne was delightful. Overall, my favorite French restaurant.
My god, I hate breakfast but my brunch here let me see why Mon Ami Gabi is always packed with people!. . Reservations are recommended, but patio seating is first-come, first-served. After all, with views of the Bellagio water show underneath a shaded area (much needed for the 100+ degree summer heat), who wouldn't enjoy a delicious brunch while people watching? Mon Ami Gabi makes you feel like you're sitting in a Paris street-side cafe, enjoying a nice cappucchino and the breakfast dish you most fancy: smoked salmon eggs benedict, omelets, savory crepes, waffles. French toast... . . You can taste the freshness in all their egg plates. Everything is just light and delicious - Brunch the RIGHT way... the way it's supposed to be!. . The only downside is the service. Other than the greeters at the door, the waitstaff was horrible. No smiles and requests for items took forever. Our server was the most stone-faced, monotonous woman out of them all so I didn't feel bad reducing her tip. Hey, you earn what you put out, and no one should pay for someone to treat them poorly during a nice meal!
Second time here - this time with the Wife and Son. The wait for an awesome outside table (actually on the border of the inside dining room and outside patio) was terrific - great people watching spot and view of the Bellagio fountain. Great service, company and food was on target - the waiter let the wife order off the lunch menu, I had steak and frites and son had the scallops - all fantastic.
I just really really really like this restaurant. you can't beat the ambiance, the service and the food - the prices are a steal, compared to the rest of vegas! It's just such a great place to go with your girlfriends, your boyfriend or your mom :) haha highly recommended for dinner!
Came here with group of my gfs during one weekend for a bachelorette party. . . I ordered the "Hanger Steak", it was the butcher's cut with merlot butter. So good. It also came with some signature hand cut frites. Nice and crunchy just how i like it. The Garlic Spinach and the Sauteed Mushrooms were great compliments to the steak.. . Service was excellent. There was always someone around ready to fill up our glass. My friend had her french onion soup taken away prematurely during the first course plate clean up and the waiters were so nice about replacing it. The quick service made the experience quite nice.
Best Eggs Benedict EVERRRRRRRR, house made fresh english muffins and talk about atmosphere, sitting outside in of the Bellagio fountain, PERFECTION.
Absolutely wonderful!  Service was brilliant and kept our glasses full on this hot day!  I had the chicken and Brie sandwich with carmelized onions!  Very wonderful along with their fries!  Hubby thought the fries were a little too salty (but ate every one!) for me they were perfect.  He had a bacon burger cooked medium!  Again perfect!  I would totally recommend Gabis!
The rib eye steak was delicious! Love the crispy frites as well. Also like the fact that they have kids meals at very reasonable prices. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves a good steak!
This is a beautiful restaurant in a wonderful location on the Strip. I would come back to this place every single time I visit Las Vegas.This place is perfect for dates, but also for business meetings. . . There are 3 reasons to visit this restaurant:. - Amazing views of the Bellagio fountain. - Romantic outdoor/slightly indoor open seating. Mix of A/C and hot air is refreshing. Just a perfect, romantic ambiance. They really try to mimic eating in Paris. - Escargo (snail) dish. Every single restaurant that serves snail, I will order. (There's not many). I love the large amount of pesto and butter/oil they put on the snails, but just IMO add a little bit more salt, ask for some lemon, then it's perfect. Don't be scared to ask for more bread too. . . The food is definitely pricy but worth it ! I came during lunch hours, so it wasn't crowded and they were very efficient in serving and accommodating your preferences, whatever it is. . All the dishes were served with positive attitude and a wonderful aesthetic. Thankfully the taste is just as great, if not better, than it looks. Just order anything, because there is no sub-par or bad food here. Not many times you remember for the rest of your life what a great lunch you had. But eating here was definitely one of the times in my life when I really remember having a great lunch. Maybe it depends who you bring with you to lunch, I guess. But I think either way, you wouldn't forget eating here even if you were by yourself.
We had a great meal here. 7 o'clock reservations prior to a Cirque show. We were seated right next to the outside seating area-- so we had a good view of the Bellagio fountains even though we were indoors.. . I thought the prices were very reasonable for the strip. I had the Frangria (their take on Sangria) which was a deal at only $5 per glass. My husband and I split the butter lettuce and arugula salad which was very good. The waiter also brought us a delicious baguette and butter, and an amuse bouche of carrot salad which was excellent.. . I had the steak frites roquefort and my husband had the chicken. Both dishes were really really good. Portions are very generous as well. My friend and her husband ordered the duck confit prior to dinner and were very impressed.. . We had an amazing waiter-- super charming and very attentive. . . I have only positive things to say about Mon Ami Gabi, and we will definitely be back if we ever make it back to Vegas.
FIRST Vegas trip in August and I had bookmarked this place before I got there. It seemed like a great place to wine and dine (in the afternoon, HA).. . Made reservations because my lover and I thought it wouldbe packed, but when we got there it wasn't that busy. This place is in the corner of the Casino, a bit hard to find in my opinion. When we walked in the host greeted us and asked where we would like to sit. I requested to be seated outdoors, but she had warned me that we'd be under direct sunlight, so we happily said NEVERMIND! When the host took us to our table, it was half indoors and half outdoors... as in we were outside pretty much, but there was a tarp above us.. kind of, I guess. Anyway, it was PERFECT! Highly recommend people to sit out there. Our server was very quick to greet and was extremely personable. . . Everything on the menu seemed so delicious, but we finally made our decision.. Before each entree, they bring out a loaf of bread....................................... SO GOOD. I can eat bread and butter all day for days, but this one specifically I can eat 24/7. So warm and so fluffy. I LOVE.. What we ordered:. Seared Scallops - HOLY CRAP. Hands down the best seared scallops I've ever had in my life. It comes with a tangy mixed veggie/fruit (if I remember correctly) type of thing with 5 HUGE scallops cooked to perfection. My lover who doesn't even like scallops enjoyed a bite or two. It as AH-MAZING. Highly recommend. Some lady leaving the restaurant even did a double take at my plate and said, "THAT LOOKS REALLY GOOD"! :). Steak and Frites - Thin later of steak did not look so appetizing, but do NOT judge on it's presentation. This dish too was so delicious. There was so much flavor in that slap of meat. The frites weren't to bad either. My lover couldn't stop eating them.. . Great service, great atmosphere, great food. What more could you ask for? DO IT!. . P.S. It looks pretty fancy shmancy inside, but don't feel intimidated. The staff is really nice and makes you feel comfortable.. P.P.S. They also had some crazy bloody mary bar. Saw a lot of people taking advantage of that. Will definitely give it a try :)
Great food! great service! Great price! Enough said. . Must try: hanger butter steak, fries, scallops, macaroni, creme brulee. . The food were cooked perfectly, the meats were so tender, and soooo much butter. Yummy!. . Our waitress is so tentative, polite and helpful. Just make sure to call for a reservation if you visit Vegas during the weekend. I had a pleasant experience there, and this place reminds me how good French food can be, and how much I love it. Will definitely come back when I'm in town next time.
One of my favorite restaurants on the strip.. . First and foremost, sitting on the patio gives you an AMAZING view of the Bellagio fountains. I've seen those fountains at least a couple hundred times but I can't help but get excited whenever I hear the music go off - and it's that much better when you're sitting on a cute patio sipping a glass of wine.. . The food at Mon Ami Gabi is good, the service is spectacular. . . Favorite dishes:. . Chicken liver mousse - Oh my god. DELICIOUS. As gross as this may sound, it's actually really delicious. Served with cocktail pickles, onions, and slices of bread. Heavy and creamy, but the prefect way to start a meal.. . Mussels and frites - I didn't order this, but my friend ordered the large which comes with a huge serving of fries. The mussels looked plump and juicy, and the sauce was to die for. FYI the 20 oz comes with about 8 mussels... so you definitely want to order a full order if you're looking for an entree.. . Duck confit - appetizer, but definitely entree sized. Kind of dry. Would pass.. . Anyways, make reservations, request to sit on the patio, and enjoy a nice French dinner on the strip. Do it!
This is my go-to staple breakfast place anytime I'm in Vegas (which happens to be about 4-5 times a year!) I haven't stayed at Paris in a long time, but find this restaurant to be worth the cab ride for a big breakfast. I'll wake up early for it ( which isn't always easy in Vegas), and I'll even eat alone if no one wants to get up with me. It's that good! . . I love pretty much everything on their menu, including their fresh baguettes, that are served with Nutella, and their other pastry, French toast, and waffle items. But, the breakfast I usually stick to is the Croque Monseiur. Two crispy pieces of bread with melted gruyere cheese in between, served with an egg over easy on top. Heaven on a plate! Also must have is their coffee, which is served in a cup, or if you love it like I do, can be served in a bowl. Yeah, it's a bit weird to sip coffee out of a bowl, but I'll do it. Because it's that good! Sitting on their patio, overlooking the strip with this meal, just can't be beat!. . Can't wait to head back...yum, yum!
best view and best atmosphere on the strip from paris hotel.  very friendly staff and waiters.  i was in vegas with a friend and we dined at many places but this was our favorite for the location and price.  i love theie french onion soup with melting thick  cheese.  their steaks are delicious.  you must try this place when you visit vegas
Everything we ate was SO GOOD!! We had the chicken, the duck confit, and the salmon.  The duck confit was so soft, the salmon had a great texture and seasoning, and the chicken was amazing as well.  I came here for my bachelorette dinner, and they even sent over a big cream puff to help me celebrate, with a candle!  The ambiance is romantic, but the prices are very reasonable.  The portions are big.  I would definitely eat here again!
Love Mon Ami Gabi!. . Great for brunch and a mimosa or a nice dinner out.  I would highly recommend sitting in the patio area along the strip.  Great for people watching and the Bellagio fountain water show.  Last few Vegas trips I've made it a point to come here instead of trying new places.. . Breakfast is really good. Also very happy with dinner as well.  They have a fully stocked bar.  It's a busy place but the service doesn't suffer.  I would rate the food 4.5 stars but the location and ambience and how it's in the middle of everything bumps it up to 5 stars.
I've got to say that I am a big fan! I have eaten here on numerous visits to Vegas and never been disappointed. The mussels in a garlic, white wine and cream sauce are excellent. Dipping the warm fresh French bread into left over sauce......yum! The house made frites are also great comfort food. My servers have always been excellent and attentive. Food and drinks are reasonably priced for their quality. One of the greatest attributes to this place is location, location, location! If you request outdoor patio seating (which is first come, first serve) you will be seated on The Strip across the street from the Bellagio fountains. You can enjoy the Bellagio fountain shows while having some great food and drink. Some street entertainers will occasionally take up position on the sidewalk which can also be entertaining. The people watching opportunity is exceptional. I try to get here every time I'm in Vegas!
Recently I went through a few old boxes in preparation for my upcoming move towards the northern region. I stumbled upon an old 2002 Sprint PDA I had, that was way ahead of it's time. It took video. On this phone and a few other phones, I found amazing footage of this special restaurant, and the very special night it holds dear to my heart. . Mon Ami Gabbi was the restaurant my fiance and I celebrated our recent engagement in on 11.22.2002. The food was amazing, and as usual, Bear planned the entire thing ahead of time, so that the evening was perfect. . Sitting on the patio you gain the complete view advantage of the Bellagio Water Fountain show. It's Romance...pure romance... and I'd love to share the video of the restaurant and the view from the patio, right here:. . http://youtu.be/cSOe7XZzoic. . On this special evening in 2002, the night was cooler and the food we ordered was geared toward warming us up a little bit.  He ordered the french onion soup as well as a few main entree's - and let me tell you...I've yet seen a french onion soup so mastered.  Oozing and bubbling with cheese and a rich broth, he was one happy Bear. . . One of the best weeks and memories of my life, was during this time and I wanted to share it with those who might be looking for a romantic place to bring your girl. It's as if you are having a dinner and a show all in one, but without the cost of a show.
Came here for breakfast on a Tuesday,  at about 1030, seated right away on the patio. Had the salmon eggs Benedict and the crepe. Also got a side of frites, everything tasted good, service was excellent, affordable. Recommended
Delicious food, excellent service, great value. Can't wait to come back to try more food!. . My fav was their skirt steak n Frits, the reduced steak sauce was wooh lick my plate clean kinda sauce. my hubby got the other steak--I forgot which kind which was also good but we both love mine better.. . Their escargo dish was delicious too. A little different from how i usually have it but I like this version too! Kept on dipping the bread to soak up more garlicky goodness.. . Scallop dish was pretty decent too.. . Me and hubby loved their St Germaine drink n finished the whole pitcher :). . Afterwards or prior to dinner it's nice to lounge n grab a cocktal in the restaurant upstairs as you get excellent view of Bellagio
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas hands down!  Unlike some of the other gaudy and overly decorated restaurants on the Strip, Mon Ami Gabi is a no fuss, decently priced restaurant with a wonderful view and great food.. . Usually during the busy weekends, it's almost impossible to get a seat on the patio, but if you're there during the week day, I highly recommend it, as you get an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.  Here is the break down:. . Food- 5 stars:  the french onion soup here is amazing, as is all the steaks.  Their fries are made in house and sooo good, it kind of tastes like potato chips!  I highly recommend their avocado, salmon and blueberry salad if you want a lighter fare.Their creme brulee is yummy too. . Price: 5 stars: for Vegas, these prices are really reasonable, especially given that the food is so good.  Entrees for dinner vary about $12-$30, lunch is even cheaper.  . . Ambiance: 4 stars for interior, 5 stars for patio seats. . Service: 5 stars: they are very busy there any time of the week, but the servers handle it like a pro!  We've never had to flag anyone down, and our server was more then happy to recommend dishes. . Location: it's located inside the Paris Hotel :). . Tip: DO make reservations, the walk in line is crazy
Great food, great service and great view!  . . RESERVATIONS: The bf and I had a reservation at 6:30p on the Sunday of Labor Day Weekend.  You can't make reservations for the patio but can request it upon arrival and they'll let you know how long the wait would be.  We arrived at 6pm and was told it would be about a 25 minute wait for patio seating.  With the casino right there, waiting really is not a big deal.  . . VIEW: The patio is great because you can watch the Bellagio water show across the street and people watch as you wait for your food.  And that's exactly what we did with a couple glasses of wine!. . FOOD & SERVICE: I ordered the Steak Bernaise while my bf ordered the Steak Roquefort.  Both were delicious.  The steaks were the perfect size, the sauces were delicious and the frites were a great side and even better when dipped in the steak sauce.  Our great server, Francois, even brought us extra blue cheese sauce (came with the Roquefort) so that we had plenty for our frites.  We were pretty stuffed after our steaks but Francois convinced us to try his favorite dessert on the menu, Profiteroles.  Imagine 3 decently sized cream puffs split to sandwich vanilla ice cream and drizzled with fudge.  That is what this delicious concoction is!  *drool*  Needless to say, we happily devoured this dessert.. . So if you're looking for nice place to have dinner on the strip, come check this one out!
Reasonable prices for outstanding French food! . . Stopped by here for lunch before we headed out for the drive home. Everything on the menu sounds so good and you will not be disappointed with whatever you decide to order. We were seated outside and even though it was over 90 degrees outside we didn't mind because they gave us such a good view. Our table was right across from the Bellagio fountains so we were able to enjoy the show while we ate lunch. . . I couldn't decide between a quiche and a burger. Since the restaurant is a French steakhouse I wanted to try something French, but at the same time I imagined that their burgers would be delicious as well, being a steakhouse and all. After a lot of pondering, my friend and I decided to share a cheeseburger and their classic quiche lorraine. . . The food was SO AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS I would drive to Vegas right now to eat there if I could. First of all, they provide you with fresh French baguettes as you wait for your food. They are still soft and warm when they bring it out to you and it's so yummy with their whipped butter. The cheeseburger was very juicy and flavorful, not greasy at all! Their hand-cut frites were pretty interesting too. It was like a cross between a fry and a potato chip but it was good. The quiche was a lot bigger than I expected it to be and I don't think I would've been able to finish the whole thing by myself. It's the size of a small plate but the quiche is so light and fluffy that you'll finish half of it before you know it. I really liked the bacon that the used in it too since the bacon chunks were big enough where you can taste the smokiness and have some of the texture too. . . Our waitress was super nice and gave my friend a free cocktail on the house along with an ice cream puff dessert for us to share. The cocktail was so yummy that I decided to get one for myself! It was their special cocktail for season? day? not sure, but it was very fruity and light. It was a mix of some type of champagne and St. Germain which tasted amazing together!!
This is a must! Every time we visit Vegas this is always our  first dinner in town. The ambiance on the patio is fabulous watching the water show, and the service is pretty good. The food is always consistently delicious so make sure you save room because the fresh warm baguette and butter they give you before dinner can become very addicting.  Make sure you order a steak, it's their specialty!
Best people watching place on the strip. Consistently good to VERY good food. Service is always unpretentiousbut more than adequate. Good food good service nice atmosphere equals great place... enjoy.
Great food with a great view! Time it right with the bellagio fountains!
This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. I love the filet minion there. The service is very good. You can see the fountains at the Bellagio from the outside dining area and by the Window. I highly recommend sitting outside. Sometimes there's a wait to get seated outside but it's worth it if you're not in a hurry. Even with reservations and you request to sit outside there's still sometimes a wait.
blueberry french toast.. dayum. ! good food, good price too. Can eat outisde and people watch.
Came across this restaurant while searching a Gluten Free app trying to decide where to go for dinner. After seeing all the rave reviews about this place, my husband suggested we go so I could truly enjoy a meal. . . I have to say this place really does accommodate the gluten free community. They have a full pre printed menu available, complimentary appetizers and take special care to make sure your food is prepared safely to avoid potential allergic reaction. . . I had the Onion Soup, Salmon and for desert the chocolate cake. I have not enjoyed a meal this much since finding out I am gluten intolerant. My husband and daughters thoroughly enjoyed their meal as well which made it that much more of an amazing experience!!
Got here before the lunchtime rush. No need to wait for a table. There is a note on the front that said "no swimsuits" so incase you're coming from a pool party .. dress appropriately before heading into this restaurant.. . Since my whole table decided on the Eggs Benedict I decided to change it up [=. I got the Chicken, broccoli & cheese crepe. Soooo yummy & very filling. Could've had more chicken in it but I was going to a pool party after so I guess they did me a favor. My GF ordered some frites for the table. It's like all the crunchy french fries put together. I usually don't like it but it wasn't too bad [=. . The service was FAB! . . Went here because a friend came here on her Vegas trip before ours so she knew that we would love it & we did! I'll give their eggs benedict a try next time & maybe I'll get to eat outside & see what the other yelpers are saying about this view  ;]
They didn't have breakfast (served until 11) the last time I came here.  How very French of them, but they caved in to fatty American dreams, and, I've got to say it was probably the best decision they've ever made.. . You've GOT to try it!  I ordered the Eggs Florentine and it was aaammmaaaazzziiinnnggggg.  They make their own English muffins and the Hollandaise was not overpowering like it usually is in other places.  Eggs were perfectly poached, and it came with a side of hash browns, which were crisped to perfection and seasoned well (had some caramelized onions tucked away in there too).  . . If you don't have a reservation, you'll probably have to wait in line, but we had a party of three and the line moved pretty quickly.  They get fairly busy, and the service is so-so.  But the benedicts are superb :)
Had the Filet Mignon Merlot. Was so good it tasted like candy. Only downside was the fancy fries they put with the steak, keep it classy Mon Ami Gabi and get rid of that.
Wow!!! Duck Confit to die for! Save room for the butterscotch pot de Creme. Best dessert ever!  Amanda from Cali is best server in Vegas. Finally! After 3 days of crummy service, we are rewarded with a great server. Trust her recommendations!
I'm a little sad to say this, but Mon Ami Gabi was better than anything I had in the real Paris. Sigh.. . Actually, I shouldn't be sighing. I should be cheering, because Mon Ami Gabi made for a wildly successful birthday brunch. . . Mr. Birthday had eggs Benedict ($14.95). I had a stunning seafood crepe, which featured two perfect shrimp and two perfect scallops for $13.95. And perhaps best of all was a $20.00 pitcher of that day's special cocktail, a delicious combination of red wine and a little fruit and something sparkling and a few sprigs of rosemary. Yuuuuumm.. . The service was impeccable, the decor charming and decently authentic, and even though we were seated in 100 degree weather in an indoor/outdoor space, we were plenty cool. . . Tre awesome!
Don't miss out on some of the best French onion soup you've tried. If the fresh bread isn't pipin hot send it back & ask for more... It's worth the request. Also if you sit on the patio expect to be rushed as they new to turn over those best seats.. But I'd rather take my time and sit in the inside patio
My wife and I wandered in here the other day because why wouldn't we? It's right there on the strip and they have steak frites. 'Nuff said.. . I was pleasantly surprised that I had one of the best meals of my life there that night. It was probably a combination of the table we were given for no good reason (just at the precipice of the outdoor patio, with a direct view of the Bellagio fountains across the street), the time of day (evening), the service (exemplary) and the food (perfect.). . I had the aforementioned steak frites (fillet) and it was done perfectly. The frites were unique in that they were really thin, sort of like shaved potato. Which means every last one of them was like the crunchy bonus fries you find at the bottom of a fast food bag. Except these were frites of the highest order.. . The evening was just so right that I ordered a girl drink, which was also delicious.. . Shout out to Krisha (number 133 that night, I believe, and what's with the numbers?), you're tops, babe. Thanks for being part of a wonderful evening.
Dined solo here a couple times during a recent business trip... and loved it! . . FRENCH TOAST - absolutely delicious. Moist  & fluffy and not too sweet. The blueberry syrup is divine along with the warm blueberry compote on top. Wow! I miss it.. . . EGG WHITE OMELET - just a regular egg white omelet BUT! The avocado relish/salsa thing on top made it so clutch. Gave it that refreshing, clean taste! . . Attentive service and the waiters were on point with my coffee refills. Always a plus :) . . Make sure you ask to sit out on the balcony area. Perfect for people-watching or Bellagio fountain-watching. If I'm ever in Vegas again, I'll be sure to go!
A gluten free menu, servers who obviously know & care about gluten allergies, quality yet affordable food, and a view of the Bellagio fountains; what more can a girl ask for?!? My boyfriend and I came here & both absolutely loved it!! Our server was super friendly and very knowledgeable about the gluten free menu (I wish I could remember his name!). He was very accomodating & was even able to confirm that the one of the specials of the day was gluten free (it was a grilled porkchop with a mustard butter sauce with their frites & was fantastically delicious). My bf got the steak bearnaise, which also happens to be gluten free, so I was able to enjoy his as well. Both of our meals were fantastic! I also got to enjoy warm slices of gluten free bread & butter before my meal. And we shared the flourless chocolate cake for dessert & it was to die for. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, especially those needing a gluten free menu. FYI, you cannot make a reservation for the patio, but we skipped lunch and went to an early dinner at 5pm and were seated on the patio right away. I cannot wait to come back!
Sit on the patio if you can! We sat half in and half out on the patio where it was nicely air conditioned. The food was great and our server was wonderful. We ordered everything he suggested and he was very spot on! We only came for brunch so I cant vouch for dinner.
The strawberry waffle was buttery.  The eggs benedict was also great.  I had the quiche lorraine which was light and delicious.  Great view of the Fountains at Bellagio.
The Nutella waffles were amazing!! And so was everything else! I can't wait to go back!
Great food, great view!
Great salad; great onion soup; steaks are pretty good because of the great sauce.  French fries are very unique great.  Will be back.
Met here for a business dinner last week while in town for a convention. The food is phenomenal! And the service was outstanding! We had a party of 9 people and we were never waiting too long for anything. Their steak selection is delicious. Plus the desserts are amazing too! Great place to have a nice sit down dinner.
This restaurant was an incredible experience.  We had wonderful customer service and the food was equally as impressive.  I could have had three servings of the warm goat cheese and tomato sauce appetizer.  While telling our server how much I enjoyed it, she mentioned that I could leave my name and contact info and the chef would email me the recipe directly.  I have NEVER been in a restaurant where that option is provided and sure enough, two days after dinner, an email from their chef arrived to my inbox.  . . The prices are extremely reasonable for the high quality of the food.  I will certainly dine there again on future trips to Vegas!
One of the best meals of my life! My hubby and I were seated with a view of the Bellagio fountains across the way. Our server, Krisha, was super friendly and professional. The bread came piping hot out of the oven with sweet creamy butter. The shrimp appetizer - delish. The drinks excellent; I had their version of a Moscow Mule. The steaks to die for, so tender and cooked to perfection. I had mine topped with gorgonzola, you must try! The profiteroles for dessert were yum and the cappuccino delightful. Seriously what else could you ask for?
The food was great. Perfectly French. The patio seating is the best in the house so make sure you come early w/ an hour to spare for the wait. The food is very French. Even the baguette that was given was delicious.. . I would recommend this place as a date place, especially at night if you want to watch the Bellagio fountains.
This was one of my favorite dinners of all time. OF all time! . . It wasn't lavish (spent a little over $150 for quality entrees, sides, and wine for 2), but I don't remember the last time I enjoyed dinner this much. . . First of all, we were seated on the edge of the outside patio, right on - but elevated - above the sidewalk of the strip. We had a view of the Bellagio when the water show was happening, and we people watched to our hearts' content (I am so glad we weren't seated inside, which was by contrast extremely dim - I Despise eating in dim rooms). The temperature outside was comfortable. We had a long, mellow dinner and it was perfect.. . The Filet Mignon Merlot with butter and red wine reduction and hand cut frites was outstanding. If someone knows of frites in SF like the ones here, can you let a homie know? The frites were beyond delicious...they were FLAT (!) (I don't know how they made them so flat and perfect). Crispy and browned on the outside and soft on the inside...they soaked up the red wine reduction from the filet mignon...words cannot describe how good I thought they were. The red wine reduction was intense and tangy. The Filet Mignon was super tender. Did I mention dinner was perfect?. . I have since then been waiting for the day I find steak frites like I had at Mon Ami Gabi. I have made a few futile efforts but overall I'm not trying very hard...I want it to just happen one day like Mon Ami Gabi happened.. . I love when places unexpectedly sweep me off my feet with amazing food and wine, and an excellent environment!
I made 1230 reservations on a Saturday morning at 11:30 and managed to get great seats.  We were seated in the atrium looking out toward the Bellagio Fountains after finding out the wait for outside seating would be 40+ minutes... but I think it's better in the atrium than outdoors.  Indoors, you won't be surrounded by people walking by chain-smoking and there's not too much wind, especially when it's a cool day.  The Eggs Benedict and Strawberry waffle were delicious!!!  Prices are very reasonable and the service is excellent.  . . Oh, dress code is enforced in that men need to have their shoulders covered (so no tanks), but if you walk in with a tank, they give out shirts that the guys can wear :)
Excllent!  We made a reservation but decided to wait the extra 1/2 hour and sit outside on the patio.  A good choice. The weather was nice and the view of the Bellagio's fountains was pretty, plus it was kind of dark inside.  The French Onion soup and the Triple onion soup were both excellent. My wife had the steak and I had the 1/2 chicken. Both were done to perfection.  The wait staff was very attentive and well organized.  It was a nice leisurely dinner topped off by an amazing apple tart tartin.  The cost was not too bad considering the location and the quality of the meal(about $100 for two w/o wine). Don't miss this.
Incredible breakfast all the way around. Elegant location, scrumptious food, and superb service. Perfect location as well.
What can I say...always fabulous, every time we get off the plane, whether I'm with my Mom, my boyfriend, my friends, doesn't matter...this is where we come first! The hash is AMAZING, the service is always with a smile and efficient. The venue itself is fantastic and just all around one of my favorite Vegas restaurants.
This is a very, very tardy review of one server only.  She is Server No. 44 (that's the tag she wears), and her name is Tammy. . .  If you read my review from September 2011, you already know I'm as huge Tammy fan for her awesome service.  Fast forward to May 2012 and we're having brunch at Mon Ami Gabi.  A nice fellow is waiting on us....and I have to pause to say that every server we've been in contact with here has been super professional and on top of it...just first class.  Anywhoozle, we start in on this guy about ordering our London broil benedicts.  He goes back to the kitchen and asks if they can make this, and as the story goes, Tammy over hears him.  She says to him, "Is it a couple...did they order bellinis?"  Next thing we know, here come Tammy to our table with a super nice little surprise for my wife!  She remembered us from before and just came to say hello.....are you kidding me!!!!  She remembered what we ordered, where we sat, and that the other customers ordered the same brunch after seeing ours.  Ha!  Fantastic!!. . Tammy, you are awesome......and we will ask for you when we're there for brunch in February.  Don't bother bring menus, you know what we're having!  :)
Great service, wonderful food.  Expect to pay about $80 per person for two courses and wine.  I had the waitress recommended filet mignon with an incredible merlot reduction.  We were lucky enough to have a table just inside of the patio, and the patio doors were rolled back, giving us the incredible backdrop of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our waitress accidentally dripped some red wine on my shirt and she immediately ran to get some soda water and she cleaned it out for me.
Wonderful! Love this place!!!!
I've eaten at their Chicago area location and I loved it.  So when I cam to Vegas and saw the awesome location of this one...had to go there and see it for myself.. . It is deceptively large inside the restaurant; several dining areas along with the famous Veranda with a view of the strip.  Sit there in the late Spring and early fall for a nice comfortable outside dining experience and watch all the jealous folk walk by and stare at your meal.. . Possible the best part about the restaurant is it's French theme and decor... when I walked in I swear I had seen the view from my eyes in some scene from some movie... good feeling.. . Though the prices are more expensive than their other locations I suppose it is comparable and priced accordingly to the caliber of cuisine they offer coupled with their location.  Nonetheless, their breakfast menu is reasonable and they have some good coffee options that remind me of sitting in a French Cafe.  Most people forget about breakfast but theirs is one of my favorites in Vegas.. . As for the rest of the food, meats, salads and desserts are finely cooked, beautifully served and, of course, expectantly delicious.
Went here for lunch and ordered the seafood crepe and sea scallops. Tasted perfectly with a glass of white wine. Will definitely come back on my next Vegas trips.. . 5 stars for the food and the price. 5 stars for the service.. 5 stars for the ambiance.. . Came back again for breakfast and once again happy with my meal. We ordered the egg benedicts and corn egg and hash. Both were very delicious. The pouched egg was firm just the right, but not too soft.
Our favorite restaurant in Vegas! The food is phenomenal, the service is excellent! There is often an hour wait for a table but it is definitely worth it.
Steak & Frits are the best! Pair them with a good Bourdeux, enjoy the Bellagio fountains and your set!
Order the French Toast! Fabulous service. . Yelp-recommended breakfast in Las Vegas comes through once again!
I'm always scared to try new places because the food often disappoints me but this place have great food from the appetizer to desert and the staff were great from the manager to the host!. Great place, great people, great food!. The place is a hot spot so get there early or make a reservation!
What makes Mon Ami Gabi a growing institution in Vegas? . It has a pedigree....the Chicago location..and now in Vegas( they have been there since Paris opened)  . They have a very professional and committed wait staff.. The view at night on the patio is one of the best anywhere in Vegas, and no better place to watch the fountain show at Belagio. . The food, especially the steaks with Pomm frites are magnifique!. It's got a great vibe even when busy, which is pretty much all the time. . They make a great martini. . They have an organized and honest system of checking people in when they are slammed. . Love the crunchy french baguette with carrots.  . They serve a full menu at the bar.. Nice french onion soup :)  . Mon Ami Gabi Jet' amie
The best thing I ate whilst in Vegas over the past 4 days I was there.  I wish we could have sat out on the patio, but it was so cold and windy that night!  The ambiance is dark and romantic, yet warm and welcoming.  It has an old French decor and charm with a great waitstaff.  I was able to grab a reservation for a party of 4 in the cab on my way to the restaurant!  . . I ordered a salmon which came on a bed of quinoa.  It was cooked perfectly and the citron butter flavor really complimented the fish.  It was light but still filling, and best of all, healthy.  I also had a good chunk of the beef short ribs and the hanger steak, which were both amazing as well.  For $20 a steak that good is a great deal.  The only complaint I have is the frites, which are more like potato chips instead of fries.  I think actual fries would have given the dish more substance, but it IS their signature hand-cut frites...  . . The menu was simple enough but not underwhelming, food, ambiance, and service was great, and for the quality of the food, these prices seriously cannot be beat.
Delicious. Great selection, and everything was very fresh. Solid cocktail menu with dinner, and the Chicken Grandmere / Sea Scallops we ordered were plenty and very flavorful. Warm chocolate tart for dinner, and we had a delicious dinner/dessert/drinks for under $100. Not a bad deal if you ask me.. . Side note- Sean was a great waiter. Very friendly, and he was extremely knowledgeable with the menu. Always refreshing to have that experience, seems to be a dying art form in restaurants today.
Love this place! We normally fly into Las Vegas on a red-eye from HI and have started making it a tradition to eat our first meal of the day at Mon Ami Gabi.  This past trip we got to eat outside on the patio which was very nice.  The food was great! I ordered the poached Eggs with corned beef hash and shared the fruit bowl with my family.  The Eggs were perfectly poached and the corned beef was very tasty.  I also had a few bites of my son's Skinny Cinnamon pancakes, they were fantastic!  Our server was good, it did not take very long for her to take our orders or for our food to arrive.  Overall a great experience and will continue to visit them everytime we visit.
This was the single best restaurant I visited while in Vegas. It is located at the front of the Paris Hotel & Casino on Las Vegas Blvd. While waiting at bar to be seated (about 15 min) the bar tender (Tyson N) was excellent and attentive even though he was swamped with drink orders. Once seated on the patio (across the strip from the Bilagio fountains) I watched as the fountains kept in sync with great songs by Frank Senatra, the Beattles and Michchael Jackson to name a few. The atmosphere was great and the waitress (Shelia H) perfect. The food was incredible: I ordered oysters on the half shell: a bit on the small side, but very tasty, escargot with a wonderful garlic and butter flavor, a Cesar salad and a glass of Kronenbourg. I could not have asked for a better dining experience and was not expecting such high quality at such a fair price in Vegas. Topped the night off with several hours at the roulette table and left a happy man. :-) Next time I am in Vegas I will likely stay at paris for easy access to this restaurant. Loved it!
Cute and cozy restaurant located across the Bellagio.  If you can sit outside, you can watch the fountains while eating!. . Free delicious bread! yay carbs!. First time trying escargo (appetizer.  approx $10) and lobster (came in the seafood platter for approx $50 which feeds two: two lobster, four jumbo shrimps, four oysters, seaweed salad, and two cracker baguettes with avocado, salmon sashimi, and tomatoes dip).  . . Try to get reservations.  This place gets packed and I could definitely see why.
This could be one of the top restaurants I have ever been to.. . The staff are just excellent, and know many different cocktails and preparations of the food on and off the menu.  One can tell the staff is trained.. . Try the Croque Madam (that's with an egg, cooked to your liking), and sit on the patio and people watch in Vegas.. . A reservation is highly recommended, as wait times can be long....
I had dinner at this restaurant years ago when it first opened and had a splendid steak with a Merlot butter.  I returned this past weekend for breakfast as I had been doing some research and this was highly recommended for breakfast.  We did not wait at all, but were there relatively early @ 9-10am for breakfast.  I am a foodie who studied to be a pastry chef years ago and love nothing more than a great meal where every bite brings simple and complex flavors to perfection... not to mention that french food is my utmost favorite ! The decor is very much a french bistro/cafe style which is somewhat elegant, yet comfortable and not stuffy.  You could dine here and get a good feel for what dining in France would be.  If you wish to people-watch then ask to sit on the patio, but I found it very loud with the traffic & music playing and opted the next day to sit on the inside patio, which was much quieter and more intimate.  Everything on the menu looked delicious.  I had the eggs benedict special, which included mushrooms and watercress, along with a delicate croissant (served warm) & french coffee.  My friend had the ham & gouda omelet with hash browns that were likeno other I've ever had and I'd swear they were cooked in duck fat b/c they were so rich and flavorful.  The next day I returned to have the ham & cheese crepe and it was every bit as good as the prior day, if not better.  The croissant melts in your mouth and smothered with the raspberry preserves it was perfection. I was almost embarrassed to enjoy the meal as much as I did.  If you love french food, or simply delicious food, every bite will leave you waning more and you'll go home looking forward to the day you can go back again.  Next stop:  FLEUR
This is one of best restaurants I have been to.  We went here for my friend's 50th birthday dinner.  I made reservation for 6 people.  We were seated right away at a table inside with a view for Bellagio fountains.  LOved the view.  The staff were so friendly and helpful and patient.   We briefly mentioned that it was my friend's birthday and they brought out a little dessert for her.  Each of us ordered a different type of steak.  We actually tried all of the steaks.  each steak entree was about mid 20s price range.  We certainly come back.  Next time, we want to come back for breakfast.
I came back again for brunch and this time was smart enough to order the quiche right off.  It was just as heavenly as I remembered--- even more so, because I had tried to make it at home according to the recipe the chef emailed me (see last review), and I now knew that it was pretty tricky to get exactly right.. . The boyfriend ordered the corned beef hash, upon recommendation from the waiter and he was beyond impressed.  Who'd've thunk that simple old corned beef with an egg on top would be so satisfyingly delicious?. . The waitstaff was a little irked that we asked to move to a table with more sunlight, and I don't blame them, as we were in the middle of brunch rush, messing up their seating arrangement, but they were nice enough to still accommodate our request (it was a bit chilly that morning).. . My most important tip for you:  if you so choose to order a latte (they can make it vanilla), go ahead and order the "bowl" for an extra few dollars.  A $6 latte comes in a cup not much bigger than an espresso cup, much to my dismay.  It wasn't the price so much as it was that I just wanted more coffee than that.  It was delicious, regardless.. . As always, the atmosphere was charming, and the Bellagio fountains were playing at full force for us.. . Remains my favorite spot on the strip to eat!
Great service, perfect ambiance, food was amazing, AND prices were the most fair of any other place I've seen on the strip! Will DEFINITELY be coming back every time I go to Vegas!
Hands down my favorite french cafe/bistro i have ever been. I never walk out of this restaurant not satisfied. First of all, best location to watch the Bellagio fountains. Second of all, i recommend coming here at lunch time, the open/indoor area is really bright and pretty. Whenever, I order the burgerhere and it comes out super juicy and delicious. I have had the open faced crab sandwich and that was delicious as well. I have seen many people order the soup and it looks really cool on how it is presented in, a big tea pot poured at table side.
Great lunch spot with reasonable pricing! The food and drinks were delicous.
Mon Ami Gabi had exceeded my expectations. Originally, I had thought it would be like it's brothers on the strip- expensive and not too tasty. However, I was pleasantly surprised. What really got me was the prices. My party and I had ordered a streak (I don't remember the name, only that it was "classic") and a filet mignon with a merlot reduction, french onion soup, and pate. Our tap came out to be $87, which I thought was pretty good in comparison to other restaurants on the strip, as well as how good everything tasted! I dare say that my filet mignon might have been the best one that I've ever had! The sauce was spot-on! I am the type that likes their meat more flavorful, so the filet was all that I've dreamed of and more. Everything else we had was delicious, though I was far too stuffed for dessert! I had no problems with the service as everything came out at a very consistent speed, and the waitress was oh so attentive.
Get the steak frites! . . It was the best thing I ate along with the quiche lorraine and macaroni gratin which I thought was very bland. The steak frites was the perfect hearty meal for breakfast. Go early and get a table outside so you can watch the people walking down the strip being drunk or take the walk of shame!
Went for breakfast because a few websites recommended their gluten-free toast.. . Well the toast didn't blow me away, but the egg/bacon combo and the fruit side was quite well made and I'd go back.. . So skip the ridiculous lines around the corner for the breakfast buffet - go here instead.. . And if you order the fruit bouquet, be aware that is is about 75% cantaloupe.. It had a good mint syrup for you to dip your fruit into but to be frank, the dish seemed a little lazy.
so our dinner could have been a disaster except that the staff turned it around! The manager Nancy was amazing - our meal was delayed significantly but the delicious drinks and apps kept us busy. the food was great, the service was spectacular, and over all experience one that makes me want to go back!
Probably the most authentic Parisian bistro experience on the strip right now (maybe a tie with Bouchon).. . Always busy.  Great service.  Steak Frites are the default dish here though my most recent Salmon & Leek Quinoa was near perfect.  Ate here four times - never been in the room off the bar - try and snag a "Lake" Bellagio table view if possible.. . All in all, a great dining experience.
Three of us had the steak frite - fantastic!  Reasonable prices and a great meal.
This was back in August '12, and yes, I'm late, but I wanted to brag how amazing this restaurant was!. . My buddy from college decided that the guys should get a good dinner in before hitting the strip and starting up all the fun.  He had made prior reservations for Mon Ami Gabi, and had read all the great reviews on chowhound and yelp, and decided that this would be the spot to dine in.  . . Man, he was definitely right!  I must admit though, I was quite tipsy walking into the restaurant, despite taking 5 or so shots of Gentlemen's Jack, w/2 beers--yeah, pretty drunk by that time :/  . . The servers at the entrance were super friendly, and had the table waiting for us already. . . The ambiance of the restaurant is very classic-like; interestingly enough, it doesn't have much of a french look, but rather a good ol' American steak house.  We asked the waitress what would be best recommend, and I simply went with their good recs.  Man, they were so right on the money.  The steak was amazingly delicious, and the crispy fries were just well cooked.  I felt the food portions were just perfect for the price.   The wine with the dinner worked out very well.. . I honestly wished I was able to remember what went on during our dining....again, being pretty drunk doesn't help in this sort of event :/   . . So the question is, would i return here again?!  YES!!. . Overall grade:  A to A+
The food and service were excellent.  Try to eat outside on the patio, not only will you get to enjoy a lovely meal amidst the bustle of the Strip, but you will also get a great show from the Bellagio across the street.  If we ever come back, this restaurant will also be on the list.  Not that this is any big surprise, but a bottle of wine there is 250% more than the equivalent at Walgreens; for the romantically thrifty, stick with water for a bevy.
I love this place!!!! Hands down the best steak sandwich ever!!! I come here every time I go to Vegas!!! I love love love the frites? I think that's what they call the french fries that come with the sandwich? They are so thin and crunchy!!!! It's like a nice crisp taste not like the extremely hard and crunchy taste where you feel like your teeth are at a disadvantage.... . I also had the open faced crab salad sandwich!! Loved it as well!! I went on a limb with this one because this place is a steak house... everything with steak should be delicious!... I came here for dinner once with the bf and he ordered the filet mignon.... Omg!!!! It was freakin butter!!! I love this place!!!!
I have dined at Mon Ami many many times,. I have to say that the BEST filet I enjoyed  on Sunday Dec. 9th! Mussels delicious.. Enjoyed the chocolate tart w carmel I cream.. BUT where is the bread pudding..?
Ummmm why did I not come here YEARS ago?!!! I've probably been to Vegas nearly 10 times since Mon Ami Gabi opened and always figured this was a tourist trap and therefore the food would be meh. WHOA was I wrong! Okay, well it still is a tourist trap --- BUT a DELICIOUS trap if I may say so! My gays and girls went to Sunday brunch here on a whim. They immediately sat us at a fantastic table facing the Bellagio fountain in the atrium. The dining room is so dark, but that atrium is where all the light is held hostage! . . Our friendly server explained the menu and we got to ordering (because we were STARVING after a night and *ahem* morning of drinking)... My friend and I split the french onion soup since it looked massive and decadent (and it was!). It was just right! Cheesy, ooey and gooey, and just salty enough. Mhmm! Oh and since they give every fresh bread to start off with, the soup accompanied that just beautifully. Yay for dipping it in the soup! My girlfriends took advantage of the Bloody Mary bar. OMG the fact you can make your own Bloody Mary is reason enough to come! They have hickory sticks!! I don't know why that got me so excited, but it did. It made me want to run to the Hickory Farms store and get reaaaall with buying some! (I know. Sounds kinda sad. Guilty food pleasure...) . . I ordered the steak sandwich which sounded "ordinary." Well, hell to the no it wasn't! WOW. That cheesy bun, the mayo sauce, the steak, the jus... and fries?!?! SUNDAY FUNDAY FOR SURE!! I also ordered a Republic of Tea for an iced non-alcoholic beverage. YUM. . . While I know this is not necessarily the most authentic French bistro food, it was still dang amazing! Perhaps that is still the post-partying foodie talking in me, but hey, if you want something satisfying and reasonably priced (especially for Vegas!), this is the place to go.... oh, and the Strip view from the atrium (or patio) during the meal? That's half of the experience right there! I have to return!
Just always awesome!!!! I love it!!! It's now become a tradition for me when I come to Vegas, its a must go! Enjoy people! I do every time!!!!! Oh and the hash for breakfast...AMAZING!! :)
I've been wanting to try thisplace for years now ever since the cute name (and exterior) caught my attention. And I was able to this year after my mom finally agreed that we could have breakfast/brunch there before we left Vegas and headed back home to LA. I am so glad we were able to squeeze it in! I called the night before at 11:59 pm (a minute before closing time) to make reservations for 11:30, and the lady was friendly.. . We arrived early, but were quickly seated with no hassle. I asked for a seat outside and to my surprise, that was easy enough although the place was very crowded already. We were seated at the edge of the outside patio by the sidewalk. But after about 15 minutes or so, the direct sunlight became unbearable for some of our party of four. So when another outside table by us that had more shade opened up, we asked if we could move and the service was prompt. We noticed that a few minutes afterward, several tables also wanted to move because the sunlight started shining directly on many of the seats. . . We each got different dishes, and they were all so delicious and tasty. My dad, who was paying for the bill, thought that the prices were reasonable for the portions. I was delightfully surprised by his comment because he typically doesn't feel portions are big enough for him to be satisfied. Haha. He had an omelette and pointed out that the pieces of turkey were uniform throughout his omelette (as in there were pieces in every bite) -- even the thinner parts, which he said is a detail that is typically not the case at diner omelettes. Hah. The omelette was as long as the plate and came with hash browns and slices of bread. . . My mom (and I as well) loved the complimentary baguette that was provided a bit after we sat down. So fresh and just perfect texture! It came with jam and butter too. I tried a few bites of my sister's quiche Lorraine and it was so light and fluffy as quiche should be! It came with a small side of salad, which she said as simple as it was, tasted really good. I got the holiday special of eggs benedict with braised beef instead of ham after the waiter recommended it. Delicious! Quite possibly the best eggs benedict I've had. The homemade muffin was perfect -- crispy edges and softer center, and melt-in-your-mouth eggs. I could have had more beef, but it wasn't so little that I would complain out loud about the amount. Still very fulfilling, especially with the side of hash browns that the egg dishes come with.. . The juice and tea was quite pricey to me at ~$4 each for a pretty small glass. But they're freshly squeezed and thus, refreshing as well. I was satisfied with my grapefruit juice while my dad ordered orange juice and my mom got hot tea (it was organic and came with lemon). . . I would love to come back for another visit. Their scallops and steak seem amazing. Yum.
Made reservations here on a busy friday night and was seated right away at arrival. The service was good, the view of the bellagio fountains even better, and the food fantastic. The hanger streak was moist and tender and the scallops juicy and plump! We were so suprised to get such excellent quality for such a decent price. The creme brulee was really nice and creamy too but wasn't too sweet. Bf and I both agreed that Mon Ami Gabi was the best meal we had at vegas during our most recent trip and we'd gladly go back !
My hubs and I took my in-laws here for dinner as their Christmas present. We made a reservation for Sunday night at 6:30 PM and were expecting a bit of a wait. We were pleasantly surprised to find that when we arrived at 6:15 PM, we were seated immediately at a coveted patio table with a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. The service was consistently good throughout the meal (although they kind of disappeared towards the end of dinner) and everything we ate was tasty!. . The order:. Soup of the day (creamy cauliflower). French onion soup. Salmon salad. Filet Mignon with wine sauce. Steak with bleu cheese. Classic Steak. Steak with peppercorn. Profiteroles for dessert. 3 coffees. . Total cost: approx. $180. . Every single dish was awesome. I have no regrets for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed the entire experience!. . Tip: even when it's chilly, SIT OUTSIDE. They have a ton of heat lamps and you'll be fine. This one big group gave up an awesome patio table because they were scared of the cold. We sat outside and were totally fine... we were actually a little bit hot when ALL the heat lamps were blasting.
We come here every time we come to Las Vegas, and have never been disappointed. Lovely classic service by people who are actually interested in food and proud of their jobs; a well-run bar; classic cooking with a nice edge to it; reasonable prices for the level of dining.. . I had the French Onion Soup and Beef Bourguinon, husband had the Lobster Tartine and Scallops. The soup is a real win - rich onion and beef broth, a hint of sherry sweet and a generous coating of cheese over that secret broth-soaked bread. Bourguinon is made with beef cheeks, and is crazy luscious. The portion is substantial.. . This is the place if you appreciate good food, and know how a restaurant should operate.
This is great for the price in Vegas. I've only been here twice but it is romantic and has good mussels and great frites, nice burger and steak. Not too expensive but not extremely cheap... I definitely like going here when I'm in town!
This was my favorite meal during our recent trip to Vegas in November. We went to higher priced establishments for dinner (Bobby Flay's and a Wolfgang Puck place, but they didn't compare to the casual ambiance and street views from this perfect place for lunch. We enjoyed the food, the service, and the views of the Bellagio fountains. . . A tip for tourists, be sure to plan for a late lunch when eat here. Early afternoon (anytime after 1:30) is the perfect time of day to eat and sip sangria at a slow pace without the restaurant being overly busy. Yes, you will still wait for a table at 2:30 in the afternoon, but it will be much better than 12:30! Peak times should be avoided to get the full bistro experience. Also, it is well worth the additional 30-35 minute wait for a table outside.. . The fries are salty, crisp and highly addictive. You have been warned!. . When it comes to restaurants in Vegas, I feel like the prices just keep going up and up and I love that Mon Ami Gabi offers delicious food at a reasonable price point. I can't wait to go to Vegas again so we can enjoy another late lunch on the patio.. . . ** It will always be busy, and during breakfast, lunch and dinner hours, it will be crowded. There are two lines and usually hostesses that make up their own rules about reservations and no reservations on the spot. Don't be in a hurry and don't be rude and eventually you'll sit down and eat. There is a good reason this place is always so busy - it's good!**
This restaurant is very beautiful and very popular!  I mean, look at how many reviews they got on Yelp and out of all these reviews from fellow Yelpers, to get 4 out of 5 should tell you something!  My hubby and I went to dinner here with his aunt and uncle, who they are frequent customers of Mon Ami Gabi.  It was our first time to eat there, and we both enjoyed it.  The service was excellent, the decor was very nice, and the food was delicious!
This place should get even more stars for location and strip atmosphere.  One of the only places where I have found that you can sit almost right on the strip and people watch everyone walk by.  The salmon is to die for, just outstanding, I don't know what the sauce is they use but it is sweet and matches the salmon nicely.  I alway like to sit on the patio when I go. and while you pay a location price it is one of the best in the entire city.
Came here because of yelp! The ambiance was amazing and there was a humongous line just to get in. We were lucky and got seated right next to the windows facing the Bellagio fountains. It was awesome to see the bellagio fountain show while eating dinner at the same time!. . I've heard the steaks here are amazing and decided to get the peppercorn steak. I thought the steak was extremely tender and I could tell it was definitely very fresh. One word of caution is that the steak served there is thin (unless you get the filet mignon). They gave tons of chips as well and it was nice to eat the chips along with the steak!  . . My sister got the french onion soup. It was the best french onion soup that I've ever had. It was very tasty and went perfect with the bread that is given to you at the beginning. . . Overall, I was satisfied by the food and ambiance. I would definitely come here again!
I'm gonna have to make my first yelp review on this place.... . What can I say?!  I'm really impressed by the food and portions Mon Ami Gabi offers considering that it's a French restaurant with very reasonable prices.  I've been to Vegas 7 times since the time I've turned 21, and have only tried out this place out earlier this month, but thank goodness I've finally taken the time to try it out.  I'm gonna have to make it a point that from every Vegas trip on, I'm going to make every effort to come back here!. . We had made a reservation via OpenTable for 8:15 and was slightly late, but they were accommodating and almost seated us immediately anyways.  Server was attentive, and had recommended us the Filet Mignon Merlot since it's the most popular so that was my dinner choice.  The other girls in our party had the Filet Mignon Au Poivre, Steak Bordelaise, and Chicken Grandmere, and we all shared the Whipped Cauliflower and Macaroni Gratin sides.. . Filet Mignon Merlot and Filet Mignon Au Poivre were both on point!  Medium rare for the two of us and I could not get over how tender the meat was and how effortless it was to cut into it.  Both were served with Frites, which I obviously could not stop myself from also devouring considering how much I love potatoes/fries.  Haha.. . Steak Bordelaise on the other hand wasn't as impressive... comparatively to the Filet Mignons, but not bad for it's meat cut.. . Chicken Grandmere was also to die for.  I haven't had a chicken this good since Beatrice Inn in NY!!!  Seriously so tender and juicy, was not dry AT ALL.  Would be my second choice if I wasn't much of a steak eater.. . Whipped Cauliflower was the first I've had of it's kind, and was super nomsy!  Was pretty much like mashed potatoes ... but more like super creamy mashed cauliflower.. . Macaroni Gratin was also a meh... nothing spectacular to rave about.. . But overall, I had a very pleasant time.  The decor and ambiance is quite romantic and perfect if you're looking to have a nice, classy dinner away from the rest of the crazy Vegas life.  I'd love to eat here again and try eating outdoors with the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains!
The first time I was here was last summer and I literally could not stop thinking about their french onion soup afterwards. It was the most memorable soup I've ever tasted and told everyone about it. This time I came back to vegas, I made sure that we would go again. Sadly, the soup was not the same. I don't know if the recipe or chef changed but it was definitely different. It was still a good  bowl of soup, but nothing out of the ordinary. . . This time, I ordered the sea scallops for my entree. I received four large scallops cooked to perfection. It came with brussel sprouts and an amazing cauliflour puree. Would highly recommend this dish. . . I have to also applaud the restaurant for being extremely accommodating to my friend who has a severe gluten allergy. They did the most amazing job taking all precautions necessary. Thank you!
very good steak frites, onion soup, cocktails, and desserts. the view from the patio is definitely worth the wait. standard french bistro food, catered to an american audience.
Lady had the lemon chicken paillard and I had the seared sea scallops. One of the most memorable and delicious meals we have had together. This was 3 years ago.
I first came to this restaurant at the same time last year after reading reviews on Yelp. This year, we make it a point to come here again. We also invited some friends. This place is my favorite restaurant in all of Vegas. It has a very romantic ambiance whether you sit inside or outside where you can watch the Bellagio fountain show. The prices are reasonable and not ridiculously high. The service is top notch and the food is just absolutely delicious. . They serve you with warm tasty bread the moment you are seated. We always order sparkling water and their fruity sangria which has a hint of rosemary. The onion soup is always a must. It is just divine. My boyfriend always orders the filet mignon. The flavor is sumptuous and cooked to perfection. I ordered their mussels which came with french fries. It was cooked well and the juice is adequately flavored and salted. It was a bit creamy. Our friends ordered the salmon and roast beef. They also loved their dishes and thanked us for taking them to Mon Ami Gabi. For dessert, we ordered the pudding and it was delicious. . This restaurant will always be in our itinerary when we visit Vegas, that's for sure. . FYI: Be sure to make a reservation to avoid waiting a long time. If you want to sit outside so you can watch the Bellagio Fountain while eating dinner, you way have to sign in anew and wait. The wait depends on how busy they are. Last year we waited a long time to be weated outside, this year we did not so it just depends. But having a reservation is better not having one and be ready to walk around Paris for a few minutes if there is a longer wait time to get seated outside. Don't be afraid to sit outside either because they have plenty of powerful heating lamps.
This place never disappoints. Ask for a table on the strip patio. Worth the wait! Oh now I love to watch the crazy drive by while shipping a French martini. Goat cheese appie is delish! Have had several items here, all good. Very good burgers. Strong pours in drinks and wonderful service. Great spot for lunch or a quick appetizer and drink while walking the strip!
If you sit outside for dinner the view is awesome. Food is good with limited choices but the qualitative. Tried there mussels mariniere and chicken grandmere both were quite a deliscious.
We try to stop by here whenever we are in Vegas.  The restaurant is located in the Paris Paris, just off the main casino floor.  If the weather is nice, try to get a table on the patio, or the windows near the patio, as they overlook the beautiful Bellagio fountains.  The patio is raised above the busy Las Vegas Boulevard sidewalk, so all those inebriated tourist don't get in the way of the view.. . In my opinion, the food at most of the restaurants on the strip is overhyped and overpriced; this is NOT the case at Mon Ami Gabi.  The food here is excellent for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and appropriately priced.  My personal favorites are the Escargots De Bourgogne, the Warm Chicken & Brie Sandwich, and the Filet Mignon Merlot Steak Frites.
You can never go wrong at this place. I've been there several times and always delicious! Great wine list (prices all right), my fave is the filet mignon au poivre which is to die for. The service is great. Just make sure you make a reservation and enjoy the best French restaurant in the Strip!
One of the best meals I've ever had in Sin City, if not THE best.
My gfs and I had brunch here and it was perfection. It was freezing outside, but the heaters on the patio were placed in a way that allowed us to eat comfortably and warmly outside. I ordered the carrot soup and shared a sandwich plate. Everything was seriously so delicious and generous in portions. Even the prices were extremely reasonable which was the biggest surprise of all. Our waiter was so nice and attentive. Since I've shied away from buffets when I go to Vegas, it's been difficult to find places that have decent food and doesn't cost a fortune. This place will be one of my new go-to spots when I'm in Vegas.
Latte bowl here was a life saver.
Always, always, always a good experience, no matter what the circumstances. I've been here with large groups and parties of two. I've sat inside and outside. It's always the best service and dining experience. The staff are very attentive and upbeat. The food is consistently outstanding, and the prices are reasonable, particularly for Las Vegas. . . If you are a fan of French Onion Soup, you must go here. They have the best I've ever had...hands down. . . And finally, I have to mention this. On my last visit, we had a party of 10, which automatically triggers an automatic gratuity of 18%. At most places (actually, ALL places I've ever been to), they never mention this, add the gratuity on the bill, and hope you are one of those people that just don't look at the details on your check. The waiter made a point to inform us of this when he brought the bill. For that, I made a point to stop and make a compliment to the manager about our waiter, and my consistently good experiences here. . . It is a restaurant I NEVER skip when in Las Vegas. Just go!
This place has always been a favorite spot every time I visit Las Vegas. We had the privilege to stay at the Paris hotel for the weekend so i recommended this place for my friend's wedding reception. Dinner time is always the perfect time to go and celebrate because of their mouthwatering and enticing selection of food. From the great salads, chicken, steaks and their classic specialties. I ordered a Buttered Lettuce and Arugula salad for myself and my.. it was de-li-cious! They served complimentary baguettes with butter and beets on the side. The rest of my family, being their first time, enjoyed every bite of their meal. '. . The service was great! All the waiters were friendly and they treat you royally.. . I would recommend: Their Steaks (any is good) The prime cheeseburger with brie (this was soooo good!), and the chicken with mashed potatoes.. . And i forgot one more thing, their prices are very reasonable! You'll also get the whole Parisian experience. From the food, to the vibe and the ambiance of the place! This place is off the charts!
Ein klassisches franzosisches Bistro-Restaurant in Las Vegas? Ja, es gibt es, dem Paris-Hotel (http://www.qype.com/place/147638-Paris-Las-Vegas-Las-Vegas) angeschlossen direkt am Strip. Mit groartigem Blick auf diesen und das gegenuberliegende Bellagio. Das gesamte Restaurant ist auf franzosisch getrimmt  und gelungen.. Schon wegen des fantastischen Panoramas sollte man einen Tisch auf der Auenterrasse wahlen (Reservierung empfehlenswert). Denn dort bekommt man gratis zum Essen und Trinken lebendiges Kino im Superformat. Das quirlige Leben auf dem Strip und vor allem des nachts das viertelstundliche Schauspiel der von Musik untermalten Fontanenchoreografie (http://www.qype.com/place/228958-Fountains-of-Bellagio-Las-Vegas) des Bellagio-Sees.. Doch zuruck zum Mon Ami Gabi. Wer hier speist, sollte nicht unbedingt die Alibi-Angebote amerikanischer Kuche wahlen, wie Burger oder ahnliches. Wer das wahlt, outet sich als Genussbanause. Davon scheint es jedoch einige zu geben! Dabei ist das Angebot an gehobener  franzosischer  Kuche verlockend und man sollte sich dem ruhig hingeben. Wir jedenfalls wurden nicht enttauscht:. Vorab Chicken Pate und Country Pate (je $ 9,95), anschlieend Lamb Shank ($ 26,95) und Steak Bordelaise ($ 25,95). Zum Dessert Profiteroles ($ 7,95). Die Flasche Morgan-Wein kostete $ 47 und schmeckte vorzuglich. Uber 80 verschiedene Weine werden angeboten, da fallt die Auswahl schwer. Aber man kann auch den Wein glasweise bestellen (wine by glass) und so ein wenig die Vielfalt testen.. Erfreulich: Fur Kinder gibt es ein spezielles Kindermenu.. Fazit: Wenn die Bedienung franzosisch sprechen wurde  die Illusion ware perfekt. Aber auch so fallt es nicht schwer, hier ein Hedonist zu sein. In Frankreich sind Bistro-Restaurants nicht preisgunstig, hier ist es ebenso. Das Gesamtpaket Mon Ami Gabi hat uns sehr zugesagt, funf Sterne fallen uns leicht.
Just as good and the real Paris, France.  The crepes are amazing.  If you go to LV and do not stop here you have wasted a trip.  Champagne is great, view of Bellagio fountains is amazing and the foodand service is choice!!
Ahhhh a little it of heaven during our trip to Vegas!. . Food was delicious, service was amazing, and ambiance was soooo relaxing. . . Sat outdoors during a cool day and wanted a great meal. Mon Ami Gabi delivered for sure. Our server was one of those ladies that looked like she spread sunshine when she walked. She was a little older and her smile was infectious. I wish I remembered her name because she really made the dining experience as fantastic as it was.. . We began our meal with a fresh warm baguette and soft butter. Fresh warm bread really is the way to start out a meal.. . Ordered the Classic Quiche Lorraine and the Classic Burger. The quiche was huge! I was expecting a tiny sized quiche but it was delicious and satisfying. The Classic burger was cooked just to my liking. They even put some of their handcut fries in the burger. Yum. . . Ambiance - Sit outdoors if you can. The music from the Bellagio Fountain show can be heard across the street and even though it was a bit chilly outside - the heat lamps kept us warm.. . I will definitely come eat here again next time I'm in Vegas.
Love this place when we are vegas.
If you know me very well then you should already know that Mon Ami Gabi is one of my default food spots whenever I'm in Vegas.  Once again, another Vegas trip, another visit to Mon Ami Gabi, another new dish to try out on their outdoor patio.. . So I stopped over for Breakfast and this time around I tried their Classic Quiche Lorraine with bacon, Jarlsburg cheese, and caramelized onions.. http://bit.ly/Ul3awt. What surprised me most about this quiche was the size.  It was almost like a pizza!!  This was my first quiche so I basically had zero expectations for it which all the while made this dish special.  It was pretty much like giant egg custard tart, but savory with bacon, onions, and cheese.  I really enjoyed every bite and would order this again!. . Service was once again spot on.  Had the same awesome waitress I had from an earlier meal so no problems there.  And coffee service was always around to top off my cup as usual.  I swear if you want to experience awesome service, definitely come by here for breakfast.. . Mon Ami Gabi never fails me!  The food is always consistently good!  I'll be back again soon!!
The bread is warm and awesome, it's reasonably priced and my meal was the best I had on this trip to Vegas. . Mmmmmmmmm
My friend celebrated dinner here for her bachelorette party. This was my first time here. I have to say this restaurant has impressed me. The ambiance was cozy and romantic. The energy was great. We sat inside but  they also have patio seating. Servers were exceptionally nice and prices are reasonable.. . They served complimentary bread with butter and beets. It was so fresh and delicious. For my entree, I ordered the  hanger steak and it was by far the BEST STEAK I ever had. It was so mouth watering. The steak was juicy and tender with lots of flavor. The frittes was so crispy and delicious.. . I am marking this place as a go to spot every time I'm in Vegas. I am definitely taking the BF here. I know he would love it too.. . Can't wait to try other items from their menu.
This IS one of my favorite spots in Vegas! I cannot say one bad thing about this French bistro. I will go back time and time again for their Quiche Lorraine! . . Great location as it overlooks the Bellagio fountains and just a good place for people watching. I love the hustle and bustle of the diners, servers and runners. It makes for a great combination of lively and noisy, if that makes any sense.. . I recommend going for brunch or lunch. Their simple yet delicious omelettes and salads are just that...simple and delicious. My motto is: serve food that is tasty and provide service that is memorable and the restaurant will be a success. That is what Mon Ami Gabi has strived to do and I commend them for that.. . Some other dishes I recommend:. -Seafood Crepe. -Cream Puffs. -Ham & Cheese Omelette. -Everything!
Steak was delicious!
I had not been back to Mon Ami since Dec. 2004, but it was as great as I remembered it to be. The steak sandwich is a deal at $16, and my friend got a chicken and brie sandwich for $14, I believe - both were delicious. We sat on the patio and you have a great view of the Bellagio fountains (minus the palm trees on the Strip in between) and it's a great way to people-watch as well. They also gave us warm, freshly baked bread (at least it tasted like that) and it was delicious. I will definitely be back to Mon Ami next time I'm in Vegas.
As others say, this is really at the top tier of breakfasts in Vegas.  On every weekend trip, it is my Saturday morning treat (as Sundays are now reserved for the Bottomless Mimosa Brunch at Border Grill in Mandalay).  . . This French Bistro packs a combo falcon punch of awesome!  Between the outdoor deck (with heat lamps, so it can be enjoyed year round) that allows for fountain and people watching, the impeccable service, and... did I mention the food?  This place will slow you down and MAKE you feel like you're ON Vacation, which is so important in this fast paced world, right?. . Whenever I go here, I opt for decadence, so my usual breakfast rundown is:. Mocha. Kir Royale. Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict (Isn't it weird that you can get better smoked salmon in Vegas than most places where I live in the Pacific Northwest?). and I finish it off with their Orange Chocolate Chip muffin... one of the most decadent desserts (but they call it a breakfast pastry), I think I've ever tried.  HUGE hunks of chocolate, with an orange glaze, on a soft cakey dough.  It's amazing.. . There aren't really any cons I'd give this place other than: . Be aware that their breakfast ends at 11, which is earlier than some Vegas spots.  Lunch is still great, but sometimes after a hard party night in Vegas, you just need some Breakfast.. . Additionally, note that there are also locations in the following cities: . -Chicago IL. -Oak Brook IL. -Reston, VA. -Bethesda, MD. . If you are local to one of those areas, you may want to try something else when Vegas bound (but then again the deckside view may just be worth it even if you already eat a Mon Ami Gabi Brunch regularly).. . It's really an excellent experience.
We had delicious breakfast and blood mary's here. Then came back at night for a great dinner, bottle of wine all for under $140 in Vegas! Everything was great, with awesome service
My review for Mon Ami Gabi is based on a mish mash of happy hour visits and raves from friends and family about their experiences here. . . When I use the term happy hour, I mean that I went during happy hour times.  There don't seem to be too many happy hour deals.  But that doesn't matter because the wines by the glass are superb, the mixed drinks are well done and the french beer is great.  I sat at the outer bar both times I visited.  Its directly across the street from the Bellagio, so you get the fountain show every 15-ish minutes, whether you want to or not!  I ordered the frites to snack on and they were great.  . . The people watching factor is unbeatable.  The patio is right on the strip so you can watch the people flood by, but the patrons inside are just as interesting.  People from all over the world.  . . The bartender was great, a super friendly fellow midwestern transplant.  He got us hooked up with the frequent diners card which is valid at a couple of other restaurants in vegas that fall into the Mon Ami Gabi family of restaurants.  Well worth the investment if you are a regular.. . Now for the "not my experience but worth writing about" piece of the review.  My husband visited here when he was in town solo.  He has pretty specific dietary do's and don'ts.  He requested a seafood crepe minus the dairy and Mo Ami Gabi was happy to work with him.  The server said that they get special requests all the time and almost all of their dishes can be made to accomodate.  In a world of "no substitutions" and "no changes" menus this is a super selling point for us.  . . I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi to anyone looking for a great place to eat, drink and people watch on the strip.
Simply put- Amazing.. . There are so many restaurants in Vegas, so it's really hard to know and find which place to go to.  If you just want a great breakfast/brunch place to go to...check out this place. It's across from Bellagio (Paris Resort area).  My wife and I went there for brunch one morning. I got the steak and eggs, and my wife got the Nutella waffles. We just split our plates so we could try each other's.  The steak was tender and juicy. It's a small streak and actually goes well with the scrambled eggs.  With that, you also get some toast. This meal was great! My wife's Nutella waffles were awesome too. I think the mix of salty (my food)..and sweetness (her food)...just made everything taste good. It's not crazy expensive and it's totally worth it.  The service was great too. Our waitress was really nice and from observing the other waiters...I could see some actually playing with babies...and interacting with families. It's something that is rare to see nowadays.  . . Definitely check it out. Sure there are the buffets, fancy restaurants, and other restaurants...but if you want to go to a nice place with family or your significant other....and eat some good food....go here :). . Keep in mind- we went for brunch....so I don't know how lunch/dinner is.. . Have fun!. . Jonas
This restaurant is fantastic. We went as a large group for my cousins birthday and everything was top notch, including the fountain view we were lucky enough to score. Food was great and the service was excellent...would definitely return.
One of the best restaurant on the strip in terms of affordability, view and taste. I really like their patio seating as you can see the bellagio fountain, but there usually is a small wait. Food is generous and their steaks are great. I also really like their salmon salad as well. You can spend big or small at Mon Ami Gabi and walk away feeling awesome.. . PS, love their bread as well! Everything is delicious.
My wife and were in Las Vegas for a convention at the Tropicana but spent the later part of the trip at The Bellagio. We found this restaurant across the street and decided to give it a try. Best meal all week. We ordered three items off the appetizer menu, the duck confit, the chicken liver mousse and the scallops. All three dishes were delicious and nicely presented. We each had a French Martini which is now my favorite drink. If possible try to get a seat on the patio since The views of the Bellagio fountain show are incredible and add  to the wonderful experience.  For dessert, if available, I highly recommend the white chocolate bread pudding. Service was top notch.
If you're searching for safe gluten free on the strip, this is the place to go. They offer a separate gf menu with a nice variety of appetizer and entree items. Shortly after sitting down our waiter brought out a baguette, which being gf I couldn't enjoy, but surprisingly he told me my gf toast was being made as we speak. And that is where star 5 comes in!! Never have I been at a restaurant that brings a gf bread option to begin the meal. Lovely.. . If you're searching for gf vegan menu, this restaurant doesn't offer that,  but many of the side options listed on the regular menu, such as brussels sprouts and sauteed mushrooms, are gf. Two typical desserts conclude the menu, chocolate mousse and creme brulee. Both options are good, but take the waiter's advice and try the brulee instead. The waiter informed my boyfriend that the bread pudding is rated #5 top foods to eat in Las Vegas, but you must ask for it--it isn't listed on the menu. . . Overall, great menu, fantastically kind service, reasonable prices, and comfortable seating both indoors and out. Definitely recommended!!!
The waitress was so friendly! Me and my friends ordered NY steak and fillet mignon.. Both were delicious!!! Our table was by the street so little bit noisy but great view from Bellagio fountain show! It was a nice restaurant but they accept our casual attire. We just came back from Grand Canyon so our outfit was like athletic style but it was no problem. We had a great time at here!!
Absolutely fantastic!  Be sure and make a reservation though, the wait will be long on the weekends.  We split the pitcher of red sangria, which wasreally good, springs of rosemary and huge pieces of fruit.  They bring out a bagutte and butter to start.  I ordered a classic quiche with bacon, jarlsberg cheese, caramelized onions.  it came with a small side salad and the quiche was so rich!  The flavors just blended well together.  He got the brunch special that day which was an open faced sandwich with cheese, bacon and dates, another winner.  The dates didn't overpower the dish. The waitress were great, so helpful and friendly.  This is one of my favorite brunches in Vegas and will definitively go again!
LOVE this place!  We've eaten here a few times- breakfast, lunch and dinner. . . Our most recent experience was for lunch. FANTASTIC seating outside on the strip, beautiful view and weather.  A great place to take a break from gambling. . . Our waiter was charming and attentive, great service. . . Started with the classic caesar salad....yum.  We had the fish and chips- simply amazing.  The fish is served as one thin filet with a wonderful crust and pan seared - not your traditional heavy battered deep fried fish. Also had the ham and cheese - delicious. . . Top it off with a nice Sauvignon Blanc and its a wonderful lunch!. . You have to eat here!
LOVE this place!!! The food was amazing, their butternut quiche was amazing...the service was also very good!  . We also sat near Carrot Top so that was a cool experience. This place gets 2 thumbs up for me!
This place is pretty impersonal because it has so many tables and seemed really hectic. Our waitress was friendly, but it sometimes took her a really long time to get to our table.. . The bathrooms were far away (you have to walk through the casino) and had a cheap feeling, already being a bit outdated.. . So why did I give them 5 stars? The food made up for everything else. I had the steak with caramelized onions and red wine sauce and it was amazing! One of the best steaks I've had. The frites were also really, really good and so was the banana crepes for desert.. . I also really enjoyed the interior which was based on French cafes of the 1920s.. . We sat inside, but the seating outside has a really good view of the Bellagio fountains. However, you only get a table on a first come, first serve base, which meant we would have had to wait 40 minutes...
Went here based on other Yelp! reviews relating to their gluten free options.  We were not disappointed.  I couldn't resist the gluten free eggs benedict and oh my, it was SO worth it!  Hubby went with their special of the morning.  Beef Bourguignon eggs benedict.  He couldn't believe how good it was.  It was a little pricey, but not overly so considering it's right on the Strip.  The service was great and we both loved our meals.
Amazing restaurant right on the strip overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  Must eat here every time.  The bread and steak is great.
Best meal I had in Vegas. . .  It was a chilly but sunny day when we were there, so was so happy to discover they have heated lamps by the tables outside so we could still sit there and enjoy the view of the Bellagio fountains! . .  As soon as we were seated they brought two loaves of warm, delicious fresh bread. I started with a house salad which had a delicious olive vinaigrette dressing, followed by the steak bordelaise which was one of the best steaks I've ever had for sure. My friend and I also split a carafe of their  frangia which I'd highly recommend (though careful with ordering a carafe, it's strong!).
If you can get on the patio on a beautiful spring-like day, do it. It's worth waiting for a table if you have to. Just bring your sunglasses because the umbrellas don't shade everything out there. Great bar and a good selection of wines by the glass. French brasserie food at lunch/brunch with excellent saiads, soups, and quiches in addition to sandwiches. It's expensive but high quality. The steaks are pricey but good. If I had a choice between paying for the Gordon Ramsay name at the steakhouse on the other side of the casino and getting a steak here, I'd probably eat my steak here because it seems less pretentious. Highly recommended.
I had liver moose with French bread. It was amAzing. The patio dinning area has a nice strip view. Servers are very good.
HIGHLY recommended!. . Atmosphere- Gorgeous inside yet crowded and noisy.  I recommend al fresco dining over looking the Bellagio fountains.  . . Dinner- Escargot was serviced ready to eat.  No messing around with shells.  Seasoned to perfection and nice and hot. .  Known for their steaks my husband and I both had delicious cuts.  Mine had a wonderful peppercorn sauce and was pounded thin. Just the way I like it!  . . Service- Very pleasant and attentive. Professional.  . . Price-Very reasonable
Divine! I really enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi! WONDERFUL for breakfast!
Always a guaranteed great meal in Vegas. Ambience, location, and such tasty food. I've only been here a few times, but I am never disappointed. To keep from the monotony of everyone else's reviews, here are my top three:. . 1) warm brie.. 2) escargot.. 3) mussels.. . If you decide nothing else, decide on those three.
In case the massive crowds didn't tip you off, this is one of the best places in Vegas to eat...highly recommended.
Very Good!
I was a bit hesitant to try this place at first because of my awful experiences over at Sugar Factory (also in the Paris), however I'm glad I decided to come here!  . . My first visit I got:. -Escargots de Bourgogne: snails seasoned with a tasty green garlic sauce, served on a sizzling plate. -Filet Mignon Merlot : steak was about 8-10 oz. and had a delicious sauce with it. -Frites: side that comes with the steak, they are basically thinly sliced french fries which complimented my steak quite well!. -Frangria: their take of sangria and each glass only costs about $5.50...just get it. . My second visit I got:. -Escargots de Bourgogne again. -Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin (Special): comes with mashed potatoes and an apple and fennel salad, the entire plate was delicious . -Steak Au Poivre:  (boyfriend's dish) very generous serving of a flattened steak seasoned with peppercorn, also very good. -Frangria again. . The service was excellent and everyone was friendly.  If you decide to come here just make sure you book a reservation because the wait here can be long (patio seating is first come first serve).
Time to mainline some lovin' - yes, it was Valentine's Day. Rather than wait for the patio as we had previously, we played it safe and secured an inside reservation. Now, I know this won't happen every time, but I really think we got the best seats in the house, right up against the window at a perfect angle to take in the Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and Eiffel Tower, basically as close to the outside as you could get, but keeping warm, too. I wish I could impart a trick but that's just what they gave us, and it really made our night.  . . Oh, the food. Filet mignon was insane, and the skate wing was pretty great too. Saved room for their fantastic White Chocolate Bread Pudding, another indelible memory (photo attached).
This restaurant was highly recommended by two of my friends.  Outside patio seating is nice if you like to people watch.   But did have a small of sulfur in the morning occasionally.  Not sure where it came from, but didn't ruin our breaksfast.  I ordered the corn beef hash, which was delicious.  The poached eggs on top were a little over cooked, but it was still good.  I don't like hash browns, but these were very good.  Good service.  I would highly recommend.
This place was phenomenal. Coming from me, for a French place, that's like receiving validation from Jerry Lewis.  The service was fantastic, the food was stupendous, and the views? Fugeddaboutit. If its a nice visit like when we visited the restaurant, call ahead, make a reservation, and ask for patio seating. The view of the Bellagio Fountain Shows and the entertainment that you get from the religious preacher calling you a sinner through a bullhorn was one of the highlights of the evening. Overall, great service, great food, reasonable prices and amazing views.
Went here for Breakfast not once, but three times over our vacation.  Was always easy to get a great table as they take reservations.  Food is awesome, service was great.  Will definitely go back!
My all time favorite place to take any and all guests when they visit Vegas. Opt for a table outside. Wait the wait if you have to. This is the quintessential streetside cafe in Vegas. The people watching is spectacular, plus the view of Bellagio fountains ain't too shabby either.... . Regarding the food. It is good standard French fare. Not a whole bunch of veggie items, but enough to keep you interested. I always frind things to eat off of the sides menu. And the chefs are very accommodating.
I love this restaurant it is great french cuisine with a breath taking view of the Bellagio water fountains show. Also great for people watching since it is right on the Las Vegas Strip. I have had breakfast, lunch and dinner here everything is great. Wonderful wine selection nice staff. . . Their filet mignon with their house merlot butter is delicious and amazing and only $35 (cheap for the strip), so is their house Cabernet I also LOVE their french onion soup best french onion soup in town. . . Best reasonably priced steak house on the strip in my opinion. . . Sit out on the patio if the weather's nice !
Everything is incredibly good, but their sides are the best.  I got a plate of three sides (garlic spinach, Mac & Cheese, whipped cauliflower), and had to fight off my friends from abandoning their entrees and eating all mine.  The Gratin Soup is also good, and the baked goat cheese is excellent.
By far my new FAVORITE restaraunt!!. . Heard tons about it so finally my gf and I tried it about a month ago and we have been back 2 more times since then.  We get a bottle of champagne, 2 orders of the Steak Frites and 2 sides dishes (Macaroni and spinach) and for about $100 bucks.  Not bad at all for the quality of what you get!. . HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
Who would have thought you could have a wonderful French dinner right on the Strip at a reasonable price in a casino?. . We waited about 20min. for a table outside overlooking the Bellagio fountains. They had plenty of heaters so it was comfortable even in February.. . The waitress was wonderful, the food was delicious, the prices were reasonable. Two entrees, bottle of wine, and dessert (white chocolate bread pudding) for ~$100.. . I wanted to go back the next night, but there are so many places to try...
Wonderful find!   Thanks yelpers!!!. . Had the French onion soup, and steak with blue cheese.  Awesome.  And sitting outside watching people and the Bellagio fountains -the best.. . The heaters made it toasty, even though the wind was blowing - the food was great, staff always there... wonderful experience, you almost feel like you're on the streets of Paris!
Food, service and atmosphere are amazing here. My boyfriend and I ate breakfast here on a whim one morning and have eaten there every trip ever since. The wait wasn't very long. I had the Bananas Foster Skinny pancakes and he had the Nutella Waffle. It's at a great location on the strip. Across the street from the Bellagio Fountains... Sitting on the patio is really the way to go if you want to get the full experience. . Def rec. . . Oh! And they have a full Bloody Mary bar!... that is all.
If you have read my other reviews of the two other resturaunts at this scale, this by far was our favorite!!  We didn't have reservation, but it was later in the night, so no problem getting in.  We were seated outside and though it was cold, the gas heaters make it nice and toasty and off cam the jacket!!. . We started with the Smoked Salmon.  We stacked the salmon on the brioche topped with creme fraiche and capers and we were in heaven.. . We then ordered the Ribeye with Sauteed Mushrooms and the special, Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin.  Both were out of the world!!   No gristle to be found on the ribeye, bacon was thick and smokey, and the mushrooms melted in our mouths.. . If only their music could coordinate with the Bellagio fountain or at least they could turn it down.
You won't find another place in Vegas that matches up to the ambiance, setting, and quality of food here at such an affordable price.  Located across from the Bellagio fountains, you get a great view if you sit on the patio. You have to wait list it at the front for the patio, you can't reserve ahead of time like for inside the restaurant.  On a Saturday night in January, we waited for around 30 minutes for a table for two.  Not too bad, as there's a lot of things to see and do in the casino while you're waiting.. . I've had the steak frites here, the seared scallops, the prime rib (was on their special menu) and their fish of the day.  Everything I tried was always delicious.  The mini baguette comes out fresh and it's so good we got an extra order!  . . A severely underrated dish here is the Duck Confit! Omg, this was hands down my favorite thing on the menu.It's just one duck leg and thigh, but could definitely serve as a main course and was amazing with it's crisp skin, juicy meat, and was so flavorful. I've come here three times, and will probably keep coming back, because despite all the offerings that Vegas has, this is hands down one of the best deals around.
The line to get a table, was a bit confusing.  After I realized I didn't need to sit outside, we got a romantic corner booth in the bar.  Fantastic attentive service, the waiter and busser worked as a team.  Hot bread out of the oven.  Nice bucket of champange, that the waiter kept refilling.. French Onion soup, warm chicken and brie sandwich, smoked salmon, croque madame, each dish fantastic.
On my recent trip to Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi stood out as not only the most delicious and memorable restaurant, but probably the most bang for your buck.. . While it was a Sunday night, we decided to err on the side of caution and make a reservation. Good call, it was pretty busy! We were quickly seated by a friendly hostess and our server brought us a great, crusty baguette and an amuse bouche, which was a pickled carrot. While I enjoyed the pickled carrot, the bread was what really stood out. It was everything I wanted and more. It was so perfect to sop up all of the sauce for the appetizer we ordered (escargot). So, I don't have snail very often, but I always order it when I see it on a menu and I have to say the escargot at Mon Ami was exceptional. It was cooked very nicely and wasn't chewy (sometimes it feels like I'm eating a rubber band when I order escargot). The sauce was buttery and garlicky, and as I mentioned, every drop of sauce went to good use when sopped up with the perfect bread.. . For an entree, I had the braised lamb shank which was not only a huge portion, but was ridiculously moist and tender. The meat was completely falling off the bone and was flawlessly seasoned. Best of all, the sides were also solid. Couscous, almonds, raisins, and root vegetables. The sweet chewiness of the raisins paired well with the crunch of the almonds and the earthy caramelization on the vegetables. My dinning companion had the poisson frites, which were also exceptional. The frites consisted of a huge filet of white fish that was delicately coated and fried. Don't order this if you are expecting fish and chips, because this is far superior. The coating was crunchy but understated and the frites were practically paper thin and were airy. . . Throughout the visit service was friendly and attentive, and I rather enjoyed the ambiance. . . The best part? The bill. An appetizer, two entrees, a few cocktails and beer.... less than $100. In a city where Starbucks charges over $5 for an americano, I was expecting more damage considering the high quality and huge portion. It was one of the cheapest meals of the trip and it was by far the most delicious. I cannot recommend it enough!
Fancy shmancy!. . After a crazy night in Vegas, my girls and I were looking for a quaint place to eat. I had a wonderful lunch with my girls especially with the impeccable view outdoors. We didn't wait much to be seated and the hostess were very nice and polite. We requested to be seated outdoors and overlooking the Bellagio water show. It was a sunny day in Vegas and not too hot either. . . The waitress was very attentive to our needs. We started with the house bread, which I was thankful for because of all the drinking the night before, I needed to get something in my stomach ASAP.. . I had the lobster roll ($17) paired with a Sauvignon Blanc wine. Delicious!! It comes in toasted brioche roll packed with lobster and slaw. The slaw had a nice mixture of dressing. The only thing I would change is to add more lobster and less crispier on the bread. . . Overall, great experience! I don't think you would go wrong with any of their dishes.
To be a 5 star restaurant you need to have great food, great customer service, and feel like the experience was worth it. . . My wife and I both had the Merlot Filet . . . uh . . . AMAZING!!!! As a man who likes to grill steak at home I am forever ruined and will never live up to the mark. . . Herve our server was AWESOME!! His recommendations were spot on. He was attentive without being dominating. He would chat when we wanted to, answer questions, and really took care of us. . . Finally, after the meal I had a macchiato. The espresso in it was so good I ordered a second shot of espresso. :) . . We'll definitely be returning!
My wife and I recently enjoyed this fabulous yet very busy restaurant on the strip.  The food was excellent, the prices fair (especially for a french menu) but what truly made it a 5 star experience was where we were seated:  On the patio overlooking the Las Vegas Strip!  The wine was a perfect fit for our meals and came recommended from our waiter, who was engaging and funny without being overbearing.  The people watching was fantastic and the fountains across the street at Bellagio were another feast for the senses.  What an experience!  I don't know if it would have been as good without the outdoor spot but I will return to Mon Ami Gabi.  Oh, did I mention it was a romantic place for my wife and I?  That too!
Saw great reviews on Yelp, so we thought we'd give it a try for dinner.  We had such a great experience we went back the next day for breakfast and then had dinner later that day as well.  We were seated on the patio in each case with a very short wait (we were early for dinner).  The atmosphere and service was excellent and pricing was very reasonable in each case.. . We started our first dinner by sharing the Frisee and Kale salad.  Flavors were outstanding with a poached egg highlight.  I rarely order steak, but my steak bordelaise was excellent (thin cut, but tender) and my wife's hanger steak with merlot butter was tender and very flavorful.  The potato chip/fries on both entrees were salty and crispy.. . For breakfast I had the turkey & egg white omelette and my wife had eggs benedict and both were excellent.. . We started our second dinner by sharing the duck confit.  It was a generous helping with dark, tender meat accented with balsamic cherries.  This paired with the baguette bread could have been a meal itself.  For my entree, I have the lamb shank (large and again awesome) and my wife had the sea scallops.  The scallops were melt in your mouth and the brussel sprouts were the best she's ever had.. . All great experiences. We know where we'll be going again the next time we're in Vegas.
This place was wonderful!! The coffee was amazing, the waitresses were so great.  We were trying to eat healthy most of our meals, so we ordered oatmeal and egg white omelets our first breakfast there, so they were good, but they didn't season the omelet, so it wasn't amazing.  The green sauce on it was amazing though.  They substituted the potatoes with fruit for me.  The next day was the day we were just gonna order what we wanted.  The Hubby wanted waffles and I had the big skinny cinnamon pancakes.  They were both amazing. The potatoes were great, eggs cooked perfectly (but not salted again?), bacon was great and the waffle I stole a taste of was freakin amazing!! Prices aren't bad, food is great, beautiful place, I LOVED it!
This place was amazing. Patio seating allows you a really good view of the Bellagio Fountain shows. GREAT gluten free selections- they have a separate gluten free menu that included French Onion Soup WITH GLUTEN FREE CROUTONS! Also came with gluten free bread (which was just store-bought sliced GF bread, but it was still great to have with dinner). Service was exceptional. They did not allow us to bring in our own bottle of wine, which we were willing to pay corkage fee, but I guess that's just Vegas. Would definitely go here again
One of my favorite lunch/brunch places when coming to Las Vegas.. . I ALWAYS order the Filet Mignon! It's so delicious and definitely affordable here. Literally heaven in my mouth. The filet mignon is always so flavorful, and always comes out in a very large peice too. Normally when I go to steak houses the filet mignon is extremely tiny. Service is absolutely fantastic, I also reccomend sitting in the patio.. . Definitely one of my favorite stops in Las Vegas, definitely returning during my next trip.
Unreal food at a great value.  We went here for breakfast twice and everything, especially the view and food was fantastic.  Would highly recommend it to anyone looking for good food at affordable prices on the strip.  Great place to eat outside too.
We were walking along the street and it was a beautiful Spring day in Vegas. Passed by this place and reminded me of summertime in Paris. We stopped here for lunch and wow, I felt transported back to Europe! The menu contained very authentic french cafe-type of food. We ordered the escargot to share and each got a crepe. I like my seafood crepe although it was a bit on the heavier side and it was a bit too creamy...and my friend's ham and cheese crepe was a bit too salty in my opinion. Nevertheless, the atmosphere was really relaxing and nice. I would definitely return here!
The BEST BREAKFAST IN LAS VEGAS. Reasonably priced and good coffee. Service was great, really friendly, we sat outside which looks over the strip and got to watch everything going on. Defintiley recommend it, I had the short ribs with poached eggs & fruit salad. Lots of range on the men too.
A trip to Vegas would not be complete without a stop to my favorite restaurant on the strip! Be it breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner, you're sure to have an exquisite experience! . . Located directly across from The Bellagio, you have a lovely view of the fountains from the patio. Inside the restaurant, the sexy dim lighting provides an ultra intimate environment!. . The cuisine: I love love LOVE their escargot!! An acquired taste, of course, they are cooked to perfection in a heavenly garlic, pesto oil. I can never help but mop up the remaining garlic oil w/left over bread fragments (Sorry Sebastian Maniscalco!) I'm literally salivating as writing this review! The French Onion Soup is to die for! Their steaks are all superb! Fine cuts; so tender and juicy!! And the creme brulee is one of the best I've ever had! . . Ive been here numerous times over the past 5 years and they have consistently blown me away!!
Absolutely fantastic breakfast. Had a lot of good food during our week in Las Vegas (as I extensively research every detail before a trip!) and this meal was one of my favorites. My boyfriend who accompanied me on the trip agreed. We love dining out and are self-proclaimed foodies who will try most things but also enjoy classics just as much as the next person. We also will order different things and share in order to enjoy variety during meals. The entire experience of dining is something we are both fairly passionate about.. . I ordered the bananas foster skinny pancakes, a half order of the blueberry french toast, and bf ordered the corned beef hash and poached eggs. Definitely too much food for the two of us but we couldn't decide and had absolutely no regrets. I also ordered the cappuccino in a bowl - couldn't resist, but probably overkill for one person (bf doesn't like coffee). All the food was out of this world good. We went on February 23rd and now that I am writing this review I am salivating thinking about those darn skinny pancakes. How I wish this restaurant was closer to where I live!. . The service was exceptional - we had three or four people waiting on our every need. The ambiance is excellent as well. We sat on the patio even though it was in the mid 50s or so, but the heaters they have outside made it perfectly comfortable. Next time we are in Vegas we will DEFINITELY return. It is a bit pricey which is about the only reason we didn't go back every morning (that and wanting to try other things). Normally we would not be too thrilled about spending $40 for two for breakfast, but for the amount and quality of food, it was more than worth the price. As far as breakfast goes, nothing else we had in Vegas (or possibly anywhere) compares to Mon Ami Gabi.. . Highly recommend making a reservation, even for breakfast.
Best seat in the house with view of water fountain, good wine, good food n good service.
OMG what an amazing restaurant..  The food is fabulous!!!!.  And the servers are so kind.. We went there for our best friends anniversary and....we all order steak :).. Before u getting ur meal they bring to the table A..... baguette :) OMG!!!
Still my favorite meal since I moved to Las Vegas 7 years ago - and I've had many wonderful meals here. The French Onion soup is out of this world and comes in a huge crock. The filet mignon was melt in your mouth delicious. Highly recommend.
I took my girlfriend on a first date here and it was the perfect restaurant choice to do so.. . I requested to be seated with a view of the Bellagio fountains and that's exactly what I got. There is no better back drop when in Vegas then the towering fountains. I highly suggest making this request to better your chances on getting lucky. The odds would be better than any other casino game you would be playing anyway. . . The prices are very reasonable for Vegas. Everything we got was standard tasty french food. As an appetizer I recommend the warm brie cheese. Just marvelous with the black pepper honey, hazelnuts and croutons. I ordered the steak classique that came with thin fries which paired well and both were very satisfactory. The onion soup au gratin is standard. My date got the daily fresh fish which she seemed to enjoy.. . This time around what happened in vegas, didn't stay there. I still got the girl. She's an absolute beauty. Peace out!
It's hard to find a Vegas restaurant on the strip that offers such high quality food at an affordable price which makes Mon Ami Gabi an absolute treasure. Hidden inside Paris's casinos is this fine venue. Lines can be long, so one should make reservations. Inside seating is very intimate. Patio seating is a very scenic atmosphere. You can't go wrong with either.. . Whenever I'm at a French restaurant, ordering escargot for hor'dourves is a must. Be sure to try their Shellfish platter. At $44 for a whole lobster, four oysters, and four shrimp with amazing sauces, this platter is too good to be true. The specials are also amazing. Two words: Duck meringe. A glass of wine from the cart goes well with your meal.
Using Yelp, we chose Mon Ami based on the ratings/price. I cannot even put into words what an amazing meal and experience we had. They knew that we had just been married in Vegas 48 hours before and treated us like VIPs. Definitely not required but was so nice.. We had champagne and dessert on the house but ordered the onion soup, steak with bleu cheese and the seafood platter to share. Nothing short of amazing. The ambiance makes you truly feel like you're in France- staring at the Bellagio fountains was the icing on the cake. . Definitely make a reservation as it is QUITE popular.. Worth every penny.
Stopped off in Las Vegas on our road trip to TX.  My fiance made a dinner reservation for our anniversary.  It would've been nice to sit outside in the patio which has a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately, the wait for outside was like an hour or more.  I wonder if you can request an outside table while making a reservation.  Maybe we'll try that next time.. . Ok, let's get to the food.  They serve a delicious crusty french baguette with butter at your table once you are seated.  We didn't order any appetizers because we wanted to fill up on the main course - STEAK!  I ordered the Steak Bearnaise and my fiance ordered the Steak Bourdelaise.  The bearnaise sauce was nice, smooth, and creamy and tasted soooo good together with the steak.  The bourdelaise was a delicious red wine sauce with caramelized onions.  Both steaks were served with their hand-cut fries.  Their fries are unique in the way they're cut.  They're flat and wide and fried nice and crispy.  This is one of our favorite restaurants and will definitely make this a place to come to every time we're in Vegas.
One of the best places for dinner on the strip! My friends and I ate dinner on the Patio. The view of the strip as well as the Bellagio's Fountains in the background was great. As for price, it ran us about $350.00 for 5 people to have a full 3 course dinner with wine. We had not seen each other so we spent well over two hours talking and socializing during our dinner. This was one of the best evenings we all spent together in Las Vegas. It is a lot of food, but take your time and have the soup, main course, and desert. Desert is hard to order when your full, but it is absolutely amazing here!. . The wait staff did a great job taking care of us. We were never once interrupted and even with a busy place they took their time with us explaining everything as well as giving us the felling there was no hurry take your time. The most amazing thing, was that we thought our waitress did such a good job we tipped her very well. She came running after us to make sure that we understood that we had given a large trip. After we explained that yes we did that intentionally she thanked us and wished us a good night.
I love love love this fancy little French bistro. I've sat inside before which has a nice, dimly-lit, and intimate atmosphere when you don't mind a little bit of surrounding noise from other tables. The best seating though is on the patio where you get a nice view of the Bellagio fountains and just a splendid ambiance overall. . . The bread basket is delicious. I think the bread they serve is one of the most important determining factors as to whether or not you will get a great meal. I have tried the Escargots de bourgogne. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about it, but it was actually really good! It was seasoned with garlic-herb butter. For dinner I had the Steak au poivre. It was nothing less than amazing. . . To pair with dinner I ordered their french sangria, known as "Frangria" which is absolutely divine. I wasn't able to try out their dessert so that is something I'll have to look into on my next visit. I am also really looking forward to trying out their breakfast meals after hearing great things about it. It is a good spot to take friends and also have a nice romantic dinner out with your significant other.
I liked this place so much we ate here twice! We went for lunch one day, and had to come back for breakfast the next! . . We ordered the croque monsieur for lunch. It was very good, and for only $12 it was well worth it! The frites were thin and crispy and highly addictive. . . For breakfast my boyfriend and I shared the blueberry french toast, and the pineapple waffles. Both were amazing! sweet, and very filling. . They also have a make your own bloody mary bar wich was well worth the $11! . I would highly recommend eating here, I know I will be back next time I go to vegas.
We went here twice for breakfast. Had the Bananas foster waffles with fresh whipped cream, they were amazing!! Perfect seat out side on the terrace.
I've been here so many times I can't remember. You honestly can't go wrong for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! Yes I've tried them all! The food is fantastic, the service is great, ambiance is very French-like, and the view of the Bellagio fountains is wonderful! Oh and the price is very reasonable!
OMG...I was looking for a place to take my son for his 21st birthday. I wanted a very nice dinner that wouldnt break the bank. Mon Ami Gabi exceeded my expectations! Dinner for 5 for $204...tax and tip included! The filet mignon was the best any of us have had. The Sea scallops were huge and perfectly cooked. Even the escargot was prepared well. The service was fantastic and they even included a free birthday dessert for my son! I will be back for more on my next trip!
This place is AWESOME. Totally, totally awesome.. . Came here for brunch on a random weekday and there wasn't much of a line for the indoor seating (I had a reservation but I didn't need it) but naturally there was a waitlist for the patio. I opted for the indoor seating, resigning myself to a darkened room on a nice spring day, but their indoor dining area is actually open to the patio - so it's like you're sitting on the patio anyway, just with less of a breeze ruffling your napkins and stuffs.. . On to the food. VERY fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced (~$11-20 a plate? with a LOT of food on that plate) (go figure, for a Vegas fixture). Brunch is definitely the best meal to have here - they have a whole selection of yummy egg choices, omelettes and Eggs Benedict, but they have equally delicious waffles, savory choices, and even healthier options like oatmeal or egg white omelettes. I got the turkey egg white omelette with avocado (feeling guilty from indulging in M Resort's buffet the day before) and it hit the spot just right. I'm definitely coming back here!
I was surprised at how good the food was here. I wasn't expecting it to be so good. Prices really aren't to bad at lunch time either. Try the lobster roll its amazing and light yet filling.
We were able to get a seat on the patio right away on winter Sat night. The heat lamp was good, though we got cold from time to time from the breeze. The server was excellent, and so was the food. We got the chicken liver mousse, which was good. The Filet Mignon was good as well, but our favorite was the Skate Wing, which was excellent! It melts in your mouth and has great flavor!
The first time I went to Mon Ami Gabi was New Years' Eve and it was fantastic! They were offering a 5-course dinner which included several things (which I cannot even remember now), but I do remember everything that was on my plate was delicious. They constantly bring out a fresh baked French bread with butter and that's more addicting than nicotine or alcohol. I ordered the peppered New York steak and oh man was that beautiful! They bring the frites with it too and the entire meal is just awesome... . . The next time I went was a few months ago, my friend and I were walking on the strip and wanted lunch and we came across Mon Ami Gabi... I had been there before but didn't know they had a lunch menu. When I looked at it, it was very reasonable and the options were impressive. My friend and iI both ordered burgers, which came with the frites and we both enjoyed it thoroughly. Our waiter messed up my friend's order, but quickly fixed it in a matter of 5 minutes and never charged us for the error he had made. . . I definitely recommend this to people who are in Vegas and want a fair-priced lunch or a steak dinner with an impeccable view of the Las Vegas Strip.
Wow. Amazing Service. I came for my birthday with a party of 13 and they got one of my friend's orders wrong. Not only did they take his meal off the tab, they gave him a free appetizer to munch on while he waited. So considerate. I wish more restaurants would treat their guests this way. . . Everyone enjoyed their meals and the group consensus was that this was a great place. I highly recommend it.
Great service, great views, and great food.  We had a carafe of the Frangria, which was delicious husband had the chicken brie sandwich that was delicious, and I had the Pate and salad which were both great. Highly recommend it.
We ate here for breakfast and we loved it so much, we had to go back!  Everything was amazing and waitstaff was super friendly and helpful.  I don't understand the bad reviews at all!  Baguette with nutella was delicious, special benedict was delicious, and french toast with blueberry compote was amazing.
Excellent food, great view, and service with a smile.  We always eat there for breakfast every visit to Vegas. This last visit, we ate there three days straight.  The pancakes (crepes) are as good as it gets and the chicken sausage is unbelievable.  Where else can you eat right on the strip, people watch, have a view of the Bellagio, eat excellent food, and be pampered by caring, knowledgeable staff?
Had an amazing last meal in Vegas here with 10 people. Had to place a reservation and then wait about 30-40 mins to get a patio seat, but WELL WORTH IT even during the daytime. I mean, just go get a drink at the Eiffel tower bar while you wait. Service was great, food was even better. For drinks I had a glass of their sparkling Rose and then a glass of the Frangria. The frangria as pleasantly NOT watered down or too fruity and also probably the cheapest drink on the menu :) For an appetizer I had a small portion of the mussels - delicious. I also tried someone else's baked goat cheese. AMAZING. Another person in our party got the duck confit and that too looked amazing. For my main dish I went with the lobster roll. Huge chunks of lobster and the most delicious, perfectly baked bun. Came with a little side salad and their fries are something else. I'm typically not a fries person, but their's are great. No ketchup or dipping sauce needed. A little pricey for lunch, but honestly everything in Vegas is pricey that's not fast food.
Amazing!!!!! Fantastic food and great service!! Love it here and will come back next time I'm visiting!
We really enjoyed this restaurant.  The location speaks for itself (directly across the street from the Bellagio fountains).  But the real surprise for me was the attentiveness of the service and the quality of the food.  . . We arrived a little late for our reservation and the hostesses went out of their way to accommodate us even though the restaurant was packed.  We got lucky and were given a prime table on the patio.  This is really the way to go if you plan to dine at the Mon Ami Gabi.  Keep in mind that they take reservations for the inside of the restaurant but not for the patio.  Most evenings you can expect to wait at least an hour and a half to get a table on the patio.  If you have time to kill (or get lucky like we did), this is well worth it.  It's like dining on a street corner in Paris with an incredible water show every 15 minutes.  If you want to stick w/ a reserved time, the interior decor is very refined w/ dark woods and classic French accents.. . Steak and frittes are the plat du jour and our meal was served hot, perfectly cooked and delicious.  The blue cheese version was mouth wateringly good.  Steak was pounded thin, but even so, our medium rare request was met.. . Our server was friendly and enthusiastic without being overbearing.  She made the experience even better.  . . Prices are surprisingly reasonable considering Vegas' notoriously inflated menu costs.. . Enjoy!
Wow!  That's all I have to say about their steak and frites.  My wife and I ate breakfast there, but it's probably really awesome at night because it has a direct view of the Bellagio water/light show.  Might need a reservation if you want it at night though because they looked packed.
I wish I could dine here every day!  Such a French experience.  Wonderful food, wine, and service.  Just some bread, pate, and a glass of wine is heaven. Everything else we had was delicious.
If I could give Mon Ami Gabi ten stars here, I would. I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. We chose them as the venue for our wedding reception. We booked the Private Dining Room, which can hold up to 30 people (though I would cap it at 24 as they suggest).  Here are the reasons we rate Mon Ami so highly:. . - Impeccable customer service from management - We worked with Drew to arrange our reception and Chris oversaw our event on the actual night of our wedding. From seating plan, to food allergy accommodations to media (LCD projector and screen) to every other detail...they worked with us and were proactive to make sure we did not have to change any of our desired reception plans.  They fully accommodated us with all the friendliness and sincerity that we have a good wedding.. . - Impeccable customer service from the wait staff - Elizabeth and Jonathan were the servers assigned to our reception of 22 people. Mon Ami Gabi also assigned a busser. You could tell the staff enjoyed their work. They were so pleasant and fun. They met and on so many occasions surpassed our every need during our wedding reception.  For example, they cut and boxed slices of wedding cake for our guests to take back to their rooms and even helped us pack items that came home with us. It was just so easy to work with them and a real pleasure. We tipped them far above the mandatory 20% gratuity.. . - Phenomenal food. Large portions. Our guests raved.. . - Beautiful views from the Private Dining Room.. . - Audio control. Music filters throughout the restaurant, but the staff was able to turn down the speakers directly above our room.. . With 22 guests and the staff circulating and a screen set up, the room was a bit cramped. Also, the room was warm and unfortunately, the casino regulates the temperature not Mon Ami Gabi, But was still had the perfect reception.  I have no regrets, just so happy with the experience Mon Ami Gabi provided for our wedding.
Saturday morning brunch was awesome. We didn't have a reservation (wandered down in the 9 am hour) and waited just minutes to get a table outside.. . I totally recommend waiting for a table outside. The view of the Bellagio is gorgeous and people watching is prime.. . I had the ham and cheese omelet. It was light and fluffy and flavorful. The hash browns were cooked perfectly. The toast crunchy and jam just right. I had some iced tea and a mimosa. I'd say the mimosa was 98% champagne with a splash of OJ.. . Mom had fabulous looking waffles with fresh fruit and whipped cream. She ate every bite and raved over the coffee.
Heading to Vegas next week and decided to check up on their hours so I can make reservations but it came to my attention that they no longer sell the braised beef eggs benedict?! I guess normal eggs benedict with Canadian bacom will do but I really hope that I'm wrong! . . Anyway, aside from the eggs benedict, the breakfast potatoes here are goooooood. The best potatoes I've had and I love potatoes. Heck, I might just order breakfast potatoes next week (I'm kidding only.... or am I?). Steak frites are also good (that's what my boyfriend ordered). . . Definitely would recommend eating here. Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite restaurant for brunch in Sin City. Sit outside and enjoy the hot blazing Nevada sun and people watch. Although I only ate brunch here, I'm sure lunch and dinner is just as tasty; probably even better.
Always love this place.  Year after year...you can't go wrong with any item on the menu.. . Best kept secret: pureed cauliflower...Wow!  I wanted to take gallons home with me last time I went, and I'm not even a cauliflower fan!
We went to Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas in November 2011. Everything was lovely. My husband had a steak and frites. I tried it and yum!  It was so good! I can't remember which steak he ordered, but it was excellent. I had the salmon and spinach salad. Also very good!  We sat on the patio and it was very pleasant.  The service was good, the food excellent, prices were really not bad for the ambience and quality of the food in combination with the kind staff. We had drinks. We also had dessert, which was quite rich!  Chocolate mousse as well as the profiteroles. What a lot of food!  We enjoyed our desserts with Gabi's house blend coffee. Overall a great experience and I can't wait to go back!
Good food and great view of the fountains from the Bellagio. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and made very good recommendations.
Oh my goodness.. . This place is one of the reasons I would return to Vegas--especially with an empty stomach. My boyfriend and I decided to try this restaurant on a whim after reading the terrific reviews. It did not disappoint. We came here for breakfast and were seated on their lovely patio. I love the decor, the atmosphere, and the casual feel as you watch people stroll walk by as you're eating. It's a very cozy and comfortable restaurant. Service was fantastic. I ordered the Chocolate-Hazelnut Waffle with Nutella and fresh whipped cream. It is easily the best waffle I have ever had. Their whipped cream was also spectacularly delicious. I don't have a single negative thing to say about this place, my only wish was that we dined here for a more substantial meal like dinner. Yum, I can't wait to go back!
I'm usually skeptical of anything French and anything bistro, but this place rekindled my hope for both these things. Duck confit, filet mignon, chocolate mousse was all excellent. What topped it off was the efficient service. Got in, got out in an hour!
The service was great! I made reservations and as soon as We arived they had a table for us. Great food and nicely mannered personal. I will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas!
It was awesome!! filet mignon was incredible.
OMG this place was delicious!!!! The french onion soup...to die for!!. The bread they serve before dinner...warm, soft, deliciousness!!. The scallop dish was ok. The brussels sprouts were delicious!!! The banana's foster dessert, and lemon sorbet were both OUT OF THIS WORLD.. The customer service was wonderful!! This place was great! I will definitely be back!!
I wish it was my anniversary everyday. . . My boyfriend and I visited Mon Ami Gabi to celebrate our two year anniversary. His sister-in-law used to continually rave about this place and after months of waiting, we decided that our anniversary would the perfect date. . . I don't know why but for some reason, we decided not to make reservations. Foolish, foolish idea. You most definitely should make a reservation. We waited for about 40 minutes and finally got seated in a table made for two. Seeing that my boyfriend is a 6'2", 200lb man, let's just say that the table was just a bit on the tiny side.. . We were greeted by a curly haired waitress-- she was terrific! She first started us off with some bread and butter to accompany my glass of Merlot and my boyfriend's glass of Cotes du Rhone. I know that he enjoyed his wine but it definitely didn't compare to the most smooth and soft bodied Merlot I have ever tasted. Mmmm, soooo good!. . We went on to order the warm brie cheese as our appetizer. Oh this is so very, very good. I'm not a huge cheese fan but I decided to order this for my cheese-loving man. Good thing because I couldn't stop my hands from reaching for the platter! The croutons gave such a nice crunch and the slightest bit of saltiness to contrast the soft and gooey, sweet honey-covered cheese. I swear I think this is the only appetizer we'll ever order here!. . For the main, my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon au poivre and I ordered the filet mignon merlot. Both of our steaks were cooked to perfection, juicy and well seasoned. However, we both agreed that t the end of the day, mine was much more flavorful due to the merlot reduction. Either way, we definitely enjoyed our steaks. We also ordered a side of sauteed mushrooms and it went well with our steak, although it had too much black pepper for our taste.. . With the help of many hours of Masterchef Australia, I became familiar with different types of french desserts and was extremely excited to order profiteroles... until I saw the chocolate fudge cake with homemade caramel ice cream, that is. We ended up ordering the chocolate cake which was beyond incredible. Then, our kick ass waitress sensed much hesitation from me and brought out some profiteroles--on the house! Score! :D Needless to say, it was phenomenal. . . Obviously, my overall experience was absolutely superb, and I definitely recommend this place for people who are celebrating a wonderful occasion. Just brace yourself- you're gonna want some more real soon!
Considering it's not located in Paris but in Hotel Paris, I wasn't sure what to expect going to dinner at this restaurant. The one plus is if you are willing to wait hour for an outdoor table, you will also be able to enjoy the Bellagio water show which is across the strip.. . The food was just perfect, had the escargot and a steak friet that were cooked just right. On the wine front, well there is everything any wine snob would enjoy. Since I am not one who like to wait, made reservations for the inside dining room and asked the server if we could move out to the deck for desert. It worked out perfectly as it was slowing down by the time we got to the desert and tables opened up outside.. . Service was fenomenal, server very knowledgable and accommodating. I will definitely return to Mon Ami Gabi in the future.
WOW....This place is definitely worth eating at and definitely worth all 5 stars!!!! First of all ,make reservations its a  busy restaurant. This place is super cute and a cozy gem that feels like your in Paris......The bread and butter they bring in the beginning was SO good. My Fiance and I tried the "BAKED GOAT CHEESE" as an appetizer....OMGGG IT WAS BEYOND AMAZING!!!! MUST TRY!!!!..Then we had the Filet Mignon and steak, Both were definitely tasty and delicious. So we both loved this place and if your thinking of trying this place out, definitely go for it,Totally worth it!!!!!!:)
Great value for the price (I'd say, great value even for the higher price!). Great location, great view, especially from the patio... . Service is super quick, servers are polite and seems like they really try to get what you want and need at the moment.. To our surprise, our waitress was French, that was really great considering that you are sitting under the Eiffel towel (and it doesn't matter that it's fake, atmosphere is still great). . Place is super busy, expect 30-60 minutes waiting time for the dinner for inside seating and 1-2 hours wait time for patio seating (with Bellagio fountains view).. They ONLY accept reservations for inside seating, so if you want to enjoy the view, enjoy anticipation as well!. . That place will definitely on our 'Must dine in Vegas' list!
Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas is a MUST whether you are one person or a group of 20!  The location, food, service, pricing and experience is a combination that is hard to beat!  Every time I go to Vegas - It is a MUST!. . This trip we had a company party (about 20) in the private dining room overlooking the Bellagio fountains and I must say it was a highlight of the trip!  The service was superb from the drinks (My choice - grey goose slightly dirty with blue cheese stuffed olives) to dessert (My choice - banana's foster crepes).  We were allowed to order off the dinner menu (rather than a fixed 'group' menu) which was an added treat for everyone.. . We ordered about 8 chilled seafood platters to start our meal which was plenty for 20 people....amazing chilled lobster, shrimp and oysters!  Worth every penny!  People loved the french onion soup (we were able to get the recipe)!  You can go wrong with any of the steaks (signature hand-cut fries are a MUST) top it off with banana's foster crepe or creme brulee and you have gone to heaven!. . - Not in a group?  The terrace is fabulous for any meal but no reservations outside!
If you don't give this place 5 stars, then you don't have tastebuds. The people who score this place low is b/c of the wait. WELL BOO-HOO... I hate waiting too. But this place offers AFFORDABLE DELICIOUS french cuisine in the most adorable little French setting and includes a gorgeous shaded patio facing the strip, so You d@mn-well better expect there's gonna be a wait.. . I had breakfast here and it was the best breakfast I had during my entire trip to Vegas. The breakfast buffet (MGM) I went to another day was crap. Why spend $30+ on scrambled eggs when you can spend half that price on QUALITY cuisine - not average food slurry. House-baked English muffins and baquettes, artfully prepared eggs; extremely well prepared.. . The atmosphere is just awesome. The patio is shaded with big umbrellas, it's facing the strip so it makes for perfect people-watching, AND it's facing the Bellagio fountains. For us, it was the best patio on the strip. Period.  The inside looks like a French cafe and is super cute, but my boyfriend loves to people watch, and this is one of the best places on the strip to do that.. . TIP:  You don't want to wait, be there BEFORE 9:30am. We arrived at 10 on Saturday and waited 30 minutes to get on the patio but it was totally worth it. There was no wait if you were willing to eat inside. . . When I come back to Vegas, this WILL be on the TOP list of places to eat at.
We had an amazing breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi....so good that there was no question we would return for breakfast again the next morning! I used the Open Table app on my phone to make reservations and it was easy to alter them if we woke up earlier or later in the morning. I do recommend reservations or going before 9am to avoid a wait. Sitting outside is great, but there are also lots of seats on the patio where you are still basically outside. The inside decor is a little dark so it would be fine for evening dining, but not ideal for breakfast. There is no wait for breakfast inside though so if I was hungry, I'd go for it!. . I had the scrambled egg platter both mornings. Eggs cooked perfectly, shredded hash browns, and toasted thick bread. One morning I had bacon, which was the thickest cut bacon ever and was delicious. The other day I opted for sausage, which was great too. My husband had the Quiche Lorraine and an omelet on our second trip and was very happy with his meals too. . . Service was excellent from the hostess to the manager, servers, etc. Everyone was incredibly friendly. The coffee mugs were tiny, which concerned me, but our mugs were literally refilled every few minutes....it was amazing! I felt the prices were reasonable for Vegas and for the two of us we paid $30-$40 total. If we had been in Vegas longer, I would have loved to try their lunch or dinner.
During my recent to trip to Vegas I knew we were going to hit this joint up again because it was sooooo delicious last time we were in town, so why not? Right?. . Since I gave up mean for Lent (yes, I am a confirmed Catholic) I didn't have too many other choices. I settled for the Egg White Omelette. The omelette is just that, an omelette. So it was good. It comes with a roasted tomato that I cut up & it complimented the omelette & gave it more flavor. Their hash browns weren't too greasy which is sorta hard to come by. It came with a side of toast as well. . . Even during busy lunch time & no reservations made, we were ableto get seated in less than 10 mins. Pretty impressive.. . All in all, that entree was actually so good that I decided to order it when we had breakfast before leaving Vegas :) I totally recommend it.
Visited twice, most recent was in January and great service, great atmosphere, since I love to try new things in Vegas we got the escargot (yes,my first time) and was surprised how good they were! Dish came to our table in this cool little escargot-holder dish, with an amazing herb butter marinade that would have made anything taste great: we dipped our fresh baked bread in that sauce til we needed a second loaf. I had the salmon there previously and it was great also. When the weather is good try the patio and a bottle of wine, the people walking by are a show that never gets old !
Great steak that went very well with the wine pairings. I had the French Onion soup and it was just the best onionsoup I've had.. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable. . . I'm definitely coming back here again in the future.
Love love love this place food and service is amazing - get a lettuce card if you dine often for points also good st the Eiffel tower.
Best Grilled Sea Scallop I had ever. Best service ever too. One waiter or waitress only takes care of four or five talbes and they will chat with you like old friends.
Great atmosphere! It does feel authentically French. The food is fantastic as well, as is the service. One of my must-do restaurants in Vegas. It can get busy though and you HAVE to reserve for a weekend table.. . They also have a dedicated gluten-free menu, which is the icing on the cake for me. And so you don't feel left out when dining with your wheat-eating friends, they even bring you your own gluten-free bread and amuse-bouche!. . More on gluten free in Las Vegas:. . https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/
Good food. But would rather try something new then go back.
Fresh croissants, bread and pastries. The french toast was good, not overwhelmingly sweet. Make reservations or else you will wait an hour. We liked it so much we went twice during our 4 day girls trip. Patio seating is a must, you get a good view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip. Good people watching. A must if you like good brunch.
My favorite spot for ANY meal (the brunch is awesome, the dinner is AMAZING, and so is everything in between) is Mon Ami Gabi! It truly is my favorite restaurant in Vegas, and that says a lot considering there are so many. I came here for a birthday dinner (and then back repeatedly) and was blown away every time- the Filet Merlot is melt in your mouth tender, and the merlot butter sauce was perfect with it! . . A few other things I have tried and loved:. -The Frisee Salad with the poached egg on top- AMAZING!. -Fresh oysters. -Smoked Salmon. -Corned beef hash-YUM. . And that is just to name a few. This is the best place for people watching while enjoying great, reasonably priced wine/food and having a fantastic meal. I will be back!
The staff is very friendly, the oysters are delicious, the shrimp are huge and flavorful. The lobster roll was overflowing with lobster. The champagne was cold and bubbly.  Overall had a great experience. Can't wait to come back
Love this place, especially if you manage to get a table on the patio with the Bellagio fountains view!!! A little pricey but it's totally worth it.
I wish there were more stars to give.  The food is amazing.  I visited the Vegas location this past weekend and was highly impressed with the delicious food, from their orange juice to something as simple as bread.  I went two days in a row :-) I highly recomed the chicken crepe. I wish a Mon Ami restaurant will open in NY/NJ.
My girlfriend and I found this kind of by accident.  We were walking down the strip exploring on our first day.  We had planned our trip down to the minute, except breakfast, which we figured would be something quick or a buffet before we head to the pool or go exploring each day.  Anyway, we walked by Paris on our first afternoon and saw this place.  They have a huge outdoor patio in the perfect location (right across from the Bellagio fountains), and we both love restaurants with outdoor patios.  We looked at the menu, saw that breakfast looked good, and decided to come back.. . Before we went back though, we did some quick research and found that first, this place was ranked 24th our of over 2000 Vegas restaurants on tripadvisor and found that every list of the best brunch places and best patio restaurants had this one at the top.  It was a no brainer at that point.. . Unfortunately, they do not take reservations for the patio, so we had to wait about 40 minutes on Saturday morning. I don't recall the time - 9 or 10AM.  Anyway, this place is unbelievably good.  When we next find ourselves in Vegas, I am sure we'll do something different for everything - different dinners, nightclubs, different hotel (and we liked every place we stayed and went) - but we will absolutely be back here.. . I got simple eggs benedict, she got eggs florentine, and we both got large Cafe au Lait (it comes in a bowl!).  I just can't express how good the food and coffee was.  There's really nothing else that needs to be said.  Food = superb.  Ambiance (patio dining on the Strip in early Spring) = superb.  Service = superb.  And it wasn't too pricey.  Go here.  Wait for the patio.  You won't regret it.
Been to this restaurant many many times. It never disappoints. Food is great,service is great and all at very reasonable prices for food and wine. There are hundreds of overpriced restaurants in Montreal serving mediocre food at outrageous prices who could learn from them.
My favorite restaurant on the Strip. Everything I've ever eaten there is amazing (baked cheese app) and the service is great.
I arrived early (5 pm) in the hopes of beating the rush, and it worked. I waited about 15 minutes for an outside table (even at 5 pm!). When I left, a crowd had formed.. . The waitress was very nice. I was overlooking the Bellagio fountains, which was nice; otherwise, I people- and traffic-watched, which was kind of fun.. . I ordered pate, steak au poivre, and chocolate mousse. To drink, I had a house merlot and a cup of coffee.. . I think they brought me the wrong pate, as there are two--a country pate and a chicken liver mousse pate. The former comes with pickles, and the latter is a liver-and-wine pate. What I ate was good, so no complaints, but be aware that there are two pate appetizers, so mix-ups are possible. . . The steak was good--I'd asked for rare, but in hindsight, they really couldn't cook a steak that thin rare, so that was more on me than them that it was closer to medium. I don't fault them for that. The fries were an interesting almost hybrid of a fry and a chip (or if you're English, a chip and a crisp!). The mousse came with little chocolate crispy things on top and was quite nice. I'm not a wine drinker, so I won't even attempt to judge the wine. The coffee was fine.
My last visit was August 2011 so this may be a little out dated but just have to express my love for this place!!. . We ate here 4/5 mornings during our stay at Paris. We were a party of 6 and never failed to get a patio table, never a wait. We ate between 8-10am most mornings.. . Everything we tried was superb, but the Benedict specials were amazing! I'm headed back in October and this place is at the top of my list to return to. I'll be back for breakfast but would also like to spend an evening there.
Thrilled with this place. For the price/quality/service it merits at least 4 stars. The fifth star is a bonus for their baguettes. They are unreal. Our table devoured 4 of them and we never heard any complaints. I recommend the mussels and then dipping their unreal bread into the garlicky buttery amazingness the mussels are served with. Steak frites was also quite good as well as the fish and chips. Didn't have to wait long to sit outside (great view of the strip) and everyone left completely satisfied. Looking forward to coming here again!
My wife and I went there for dinner Saturday night and I must say it was the best meal we had during our stay in Las Vegas. Wanting the very best we could afford, we returned to Mon Ami Gabi because of a great experience we had there a few years ago and we certainly were not disappointed. Our service, food, wine, etc., was exceptional. I highly recommend it for a couple looking for a special occasion.
Great location, great people-watching, great food!. . Went here for an early lunch on our last day in Vegas.  Got a seat on the patio no problem.  We shared the baked goat cheese appetizer...sooooooo yummy!  Hubby got the steak sandwich and really liked it.  I ordered the chicken and brie sandwich and it was amazing.. . Will definitely go here again!
From the French bread to the decor, I felt like I was back in Paris! Add guerre to the burger au poivre and you'll be shocked at how refreshing a burger can be!
SO SO accommodating to my gluten sensitivity. I felt at home and not rushed by our waiter who had a perfectly placed french accent. By far the best part of my visit to Las Vegas.
My dear, dear sweet friend Gabi you never disappoint!  We typically visit Mon Ami at least once during any given trip Las Vegas but this time we were drawn in FOUR times in three days.  Yup...twice in one day.  Do your hear me?  Out of maybe seven meals, four were consumed in this great establishment.  . . It's located in Paris and we were staying there so the convenience factor played in a little bit but we truly love it.  The mussels are phenomenal.  Escargot is OUT OF THIS WORLD...get extra bread to sop up all that parsley garlic butter.  The breakfast cheeseburger did not disappoint.  Salmon platter was just right.  Chicken pate also a winner.  Oysters du jour were oysters...not the biggest fan but fine.  Steak au poivre was, again, just right.  . . Servers are extremely professional and courteous.  They are well versed about wine selections.  . . Please, do yourself a favor...visit Mon Ami next time you're in "Paris"!
My wife and I totally enjoyed our dinner at Bon Ami Gabi. We had a 7pm reservation and were seated within minutes of arrival. The restaurant was packed but we were receiving attention from our waiter almost immediately. I got brave and ordered the steak tartare which I had never eaten before and was amazed. My wife had a chicken dish served with asparagus that she was very pleased with. There wine by the glass menu while short has some excellent selections. As I said earlier, the place was slammed but we never felt rushed as we took our time enjoying our dinner.. Highly recommend on your next trip to Las Vegas.
We were drawn to this restautant twice during our stay in Vegas.  What's not to like... you can sit outside and watch the Bellagio fountains along with all the other characters that are walking by, and enjoy your meal at the same time.  We order the Seafood Platter for two both times.  It was unbelievable!!  The service was also great.  Even the bus boy took care of us.
A friend highly recommended this place and now I know why.  It's delish.  The seating on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains in the evening is awesome.  The bread is fresh and perfect.  Really, I think that's the best bread I've had in years.  We started with delicious Duck Confit.  We've been in love with Duck Confit ever since visiting the real city of Paris a few years back and this one certainly did not disappoint.  I had the chicken palliard and my hubby had the Chicken Grandmere.  Both were fantastic.  . To top it off the service was excellent.  We will definitely be back.  . . Plan ahead and make reservations early!
I have vacationed regularly in Vegas for over 15 years and I've eaten at many places on the strip.  Everytime I visit I must eat at Mon Ami.  I absolutely love it and it is, hands down, my favorite restaurant there.. . There are lots of great foodie experiences up and down the strip, and it's important to do your research before blowing up your wallet on something that turns out to be underwhelming, which can easily happen.  That's why I always go back to Mon Ami.  It is consistently good, from the food to the service, and their prices are reasonable, particularly when it comes to steak.  At some of the celebrity chef owned steakhouses on the strip, you could easily spend $40-$60 just on the meat without blinking an eye, and what you spend doesn't always match the quality.  The steaks aren't bad, per se, they just aren't, in my opinion, always worth it.. . Mon Ami's steaks are terrific - whether you get the steak bordelaise or the filet mignon.  Excellent quality cow, and always cooked perfectly.  They have other offerings, but I always go for the steaks.  Their apps are great, too - I usually go for the escargot, but their oysters are also excellent.  The atmosphere is very cozy, very parisian bistro (as one would expect at Paris), with a fabulous outdoor patio that sits directly across from the Bellagio, so you get a terrific view of the fountains, as well as prime people watching, from this vantage point.  Excellent cocktails and very nice wine selection.. . Also, if you're looking for a place to have a private dinner party, Mon Ami is the place.  I wound up having my 30th birthday dinner party there after looking at other options.  A lot of the trendy hot spots required you to have a set/limited menu starting at ridiculous prices.  At Mon Ami, there was an expected minimum to spend for the bill, but my guests could order whatever they wanted, which was important to me.  The private room was absolutely perfect - held about 20 people comfortably and had large glass windows with a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio fountains - what a magical setting!  . . Mon Ami is also a place that shouldn't be overlooked for breakfast/brunch.  Wonderful selection of sweet and savory, from crepes to omlets - and, if you go for an early breakfast or late lunch, you have a much better chance of getting a patio table.  Even if you have reservations, it's always first come first served for the patio, and the wait can be very long at peek hours.. . For wheelchair users, the aisles in the restaurant are wide and spacious with lots of room to navigate.  The tables are aptly spaced, which makes seating comfortable.  The patio can be tight when it's crowded, but definitely take advantage of it during off times.  It's worth the view.
This place was fabulous! Normally I have low expectations for places on the strip, where usually food is crazy pricey and mediocre tasting at best. But Mon Ami Gabi is the exception to this rule. I was able to get a same day reservation, and though the wait for outside was over 2 hrs, we got a window seat inside so we could watch the Bellagio water show while we dined.. . The crusty bread they bring you is Warm and in a little paper sleeve- love the delicious details! And the mussels were very tasty (I had them as an entree). Everyone around the table loved their food.. . Great prices, great view, great food. DEFINITELY GO!
We made a reservation on a Monday night about 2 hours before, and got a great table - half inside, half-outside with a great view of the Bellagio fountain. We really lucked out. The steak with bleu cheese was excellent. The place has been there for 11 years and there's a reason. Highly recommend.
Amazing food for a reasonable (ish) price! The escargot is an absolute MUST
Only been once, but my meal was perfect. It helps that it was a perfect day out, but couldn't have asked for a better meal.
Three words.  Ahi Tuna Burger.  It has ruined me for every other burger of any kind.  Every burger I try in my life from now on will be compared to it and will most likely pale in comparison.
Our favorite place to eat when we're on The Strip. My Dad was always a huge fan of this place so we would go all the time and now we live here in Vegas so we try to make it as often as possible. Service is always top notch just like the food. Remember to call ahead and ask what the specials are that night, Thursday-Saturday I believe. The inside seating is quite dark so bring a flashlight but the patio section is right on The Strip so it's awesome viewsof the hotels and the people! Plus if you go in the evening you get the Bellagio water show every 15 minutes which gives you an amazing show. Be sure to try the Sangria in the Summer because it's out of this world. Food choices, you can't go wrong.
Busy restaurant, but if you can ask for a patio seat it's well worth it. Great food, excellent service and perfect view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain in the evening time. Prices were decent and food selection was broad. I would definitely go back here again!
Long story short, last night there was fabulous and could not have been more perfect!. . My wife said all things considered, it might be the best dining experience she's ever had. That is saying a lot. We've dined at nice and quite expensive restaurants all over the country. None of them matched  Mon Ami Gabi for the totality of the experience.. . My wife and I both had steaks that were quite flavorful and done exactly as we requested. I had onion soup which was rich and flavorful, and all the sides especially the pommes frites were wonderful. Ymmm.... . My wife loved the Chateauneuf-du-Pape wine. Don't let the price scare you off it is wonderful and worth every cent. My wife worked in high end private clubs a number of years ago and remembered it from then. It was so good she went for a second glass.. . The service was also marvelous. High marks to Matthew Dunaway our server.  He had the perfect combination of menu knowledge, timing, was appropriately engaging and completely professional. He made it a very enjoyable evening for us. Great guy, ask for him !. . The al fresco dining is the best way to enjoy an evening there in my opinion. You get a great view of the surrounding area, the Bellagio fountains, the Eiffel tower and the colorful crowd walking below.. . We'll make sure we go there on every future trip!. .  I suggest you do as well. This business really cares about their customers and that is refreshing to find.
I had dinner at Mon Ami Gabi over the weekend, and everything was great. We got stuck in traffic, so we were late for our reservation, but they fit us in without waiting anyway. (And on a holiday weekend). . The food was fantastic and the service is impeccable. I highly recommend the lemon basil ginger martini. Yum!
This is really a great find on the Strip. Some variety of breakfast and sandwiches with good size portions at only $12-15. They start you with a loaf of fresh French bread, yummy! I ordered the best tuna melt I have ever had- open faced with cheese, green olive, artichoke, grilled tomato and caramelized onion. I substituted a side of fruit which consisted of sweet berries.. . We arrived at noon and while the wait for the patio was about 45 minutes they were able to seat us inside immediately. What I was most impressed by was the service. It compared to any 5 star restaurant in Vegas. I'll be back to Mon Ami Gabi again next time I come to Vegas.
The patio Mon Ami Gabi is simply one of the best places for breakfast in this town!   The food is great and the people watching is the BEST.   It gets pretty crowded on the patio starting at 9.30am so early is better - plus you get to see a wonderful parade of people walking the strip in their "evening clothes" after a lively night out.  The egg benedict is wonderful but if you want something lighter try the muesli - it is a fabulous mix of fruit topped with berries.
Great patio seating!! You have the people walking the Strip, the Bellagio's Fountains right across the street, and the Sun shinning on your partied out face...haha. The staff here are dressed in white shirts, black ties, and black vests that give it a Euro/Paris Cafe feel.. . The food is great too, Everything tastes and feels fresh. From the simple salad to the New England style lobster roll that comes with crispy wedge cut potato chips. Another great dish here is the quiche with asparagus. Nice crusty texture on the outside and creamy on the inside.. . The inside of the restaurant is very nice too, especially the bar. It make you forget that you are in a Vegas Casino restaurant.. . This is my must stop every time I am going to hit the road back home because the food is not greasy or heavy that it doesn't get me sleepy for the drive.
Came here both on the recommendation of several friends and Yelp reviews.  Loved it.  Showed up about 2:00 on a Friday afternoon, waited in the bar about 20 minutes for a table on the patio.  Should I do this again, I would likely eat indoors (which was no wait) because at 2:00 in the afternoon it was hot and the umbrella did not cover us all.  Sweaty, sweaty, sweaty.. . But I digress.  Beyond the heat, it was lovely.  I had croque monsieur and it was really delicious.  Our server was wonderful with a good sense of humor, and the staff appeared to be working in elegant unison.   My husband and son had bottles of beer, and the server came over with an ice bucket on a stand and put their beers inside.  Nice touch.. . I really regretted not returning for the brunch.  Next time in Vegas!
OH MY GOD. . This place was so delicious.. . I came here last Sunday for dinner with my sister and sat outside with an unobstructed view of the Bellagio fountains. Our service was excellent, prompt and very friendly.  The freshly made baguette came out warm to our table and we could have as much as we wanted.  I ordered the Salmon with Leek Quinoa and my sister had the Caramelized Sea Scallops.  My salmon was perfectly done, but it was the Leek Quinoa that was truly exceptional. I'm smiling just thinking about it.  My sister also loved her food.  . One disclaimer: if you are looking for large portions (or a buffet), this is NOT for you.  The portions, while enough to fully satisfy me, will probably bother those who want a cheap and large meal and are content with that meal being merely "good".  However, if you value flavor over quantity, don't miss it on your next trip to Vegas-- I know I wont.
I think I've found my new favorite breakfast/brunch place in Vegas! . . AMBIENCE:. I swear I've been to Vegas hundreds of times and have probably walked by Mon Ami just as many times, but have never set foot in the restaurant because I always assumed it was too expensive.  Mon Ami is located right at the strip and at the bottom of the Paris hotel.  There is patio seating, so if you are lucky, you get to people watch (my faveeee!!) as you eat :). . **TIP: If you do decide on patio seating, make sure you get there early so you don't have to wait too long.  . . I'm not one to be known for my patience, so both times I've been here, I've opted for the regular dining inside the restaurant.  The restaurant feels a little bit upscale because there are dark woods, tablecloths, wine glasses, but don't let that fool you b/c dishes range about $15-$18, which is not bad considering the quality of food you get.. . FOOD QUALITY:. Okay, most importantly, you want to know about the food right? Let me tell you - it is AMAZING.  If I was trapped in a deserted island and could only bring 3 things with me, I may say their Skinny Pancakes as one of my 3 things.  It was offered as a special when I went the last time I dined here and I am so glad I ordered it!  The pancake was as thin as a crepe and drizzled with this nice glaze, topped with glazed pears.  What I loved was that the edges of the pancake, which were not yet touched by the glaze was still crispy, so it was a wonderful mixture of texture and flavors with every bite!. . I also LOVE that the bread comes out warrrrmmm!!! Mmm mmm!  My thighs now hate me because of my love/hate relationship with warm bread and butter, but it is SO GOOD (sorry thighs).. . I also got the Strawberry Waffle as well here and it was equally as delicious!  The strawberries were sweet and juicy and the pancakes were cooked to crispy delectable perfection.  Don't even get me started with that maple syrup.  I was trying to find other things I could dip into that maple syrup just so I could have more.. . **TIP:  They also have a Blood Mary Bar in the middle of the restaurant. I believe it was about $11-$12.  It loved amaze-balls!  I will definitely be back to try it out the next time.. . SERVICE:. Service was great!  The main thing I need in the morning is COFFEE!  Don't even try getting a coherent answer from me until I've had at least 2-3 cups.  Our waitress kept my coffee refilled at all times.  Poor thing, I don't think she's ever seen anyone drink that much coffee in her life lol.. . OVERALL:. The breakfast here is just what I need to wake me up from Vegas nights.  I love the atmosphere and the quality of food is what will keep me coming back!  Give it a try the next time you're in Vegas!
Great food and great locations especially if you want to sit outside on the patio, adjoining the Las Vegas Strip, and hear/viewthe Bellagio Fountains. Getting on the patio can be difficult, but if you are going for an early evening arrive around 5:00 when the sun is still somewhat intensive and its easier to get a table. Within a short while the sun goes behind the Bellagio Hotel & Casino and it's perfect!
I love Mon Ami Gabi! This is my go to breakfast place in Vegas. . . Patio seating allows you a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains which makes this place that much better. The ambiance inside of the restaurant is pretty nice but a bit darker than I like. . . Service is good. The food here is amazing. I've ordered their Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon which comes with a side of  perfectly crisped hash browns as well as their Banana Waffles and both were delicious. . . They also have a Bloody Mary bar that's pretty cool. I can't wait to be back!
One of the best resturants in the county. great service.. great food... Can't ask for anything better.
A fun place for people watching, great food. Sit outside if you can get a day under 105 degrees and watch the Bellagio fountains!
celebrated my roomie's bday~love their service, easy but nice.
My fiance and I planned a small wedding in Vegas and needed a good, yet affordable, restaurant for our reception dinner.  Since we were staying at the Paris and I had eaten there before and knew it was good, we decided on Mon Ami Gabi.  . . I got in touch with the event coordinator, Drew, who sent me information via email including prices for a private party room with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Although that sounded lovely, we were not having too many guests and opted for a table in the main dining room.  Therefore, no deposit was needed.  All we had to do was make the reservation and confirm the number of guests 24 hours prior to the dinner.  I also asked if we could drop off favors beforehand to have set up at each place setting, which they were happy to accommodate.. . The dinner went very smoothly and was a big success.  We arrived on time and our table for 17 was ready with the favors.  Drink and appetizer orders were taken and delivered quickly and everything was delicious!  They also brought out bread and rolls.  Just about everyone ordered some kind of steak and once again, everything was brought our swiftly.  Our meals were perfect!  Everyone was raving!  Dessert was also amazing; bread pudding, creme brulee, some kind of chocolate yumminess, etc.. . Something needs to be said about the atmosphere, too; lots of dark wood, wine bottles lining the wall and large windows facing the fountains.  The lighting was dim and elegant.  It's the type of place at which I would expect to pay a lot more.. . And speaking of...the bill, including gratuity, came out to less than half of what we had budgeted for!  Great deal!. . Overall, we were very pleased with the planning, service, and quality of the food.  I look forward to dining there again when I'm back in Vegas!
Loved it! Great ambiance, delicious food. The seafood was perfect. We ordered mainly appetizer portions to share. Absolutely delicious.
Wanted to impress friends in town from Hawaii and Mon Ami Gabi wowed them (and me)!  Stopped in for early dinner, luckily with reservations.  Bythe time we left, both patio and dining room were filled, with a line out the door--and it was a Monday!  Service was very attentive and our server was a treasure trove of knowledge (we know what the Gabi is about); the tomato fennel soup was creamy and flavorful, poured steaming from a kettle; and the chocolate bread pudding irresistible.  Putting this on the gotta-come-back list!
sit on the patio and people watch.. great time.
Shawn #22!!!!  5 stars goes out to our awesome server!   . . Came here for brunch and we were very happy with the excellent and friendly service we received from Shawn.  This is our favorite brunch/breakfast spot in Vegas and we decided to take the whole family for brunch.   The food was outstanding as usual but what we loved was the coffee!!  Turns out that their coffee is from Intelligentcia who roasts a blend of different beans just for this restaurant.  We wanted to buy a pound of beans to take home with us.  Shawn was nice enough to pack us a pound for $20.   Even our friends were complimenting the coffee back home.  . . We ordered our favorite french onion soup and my FIL had the oyster soup.  Both were very delicious.   My husband got the lobster roll which I would order next time for lunch.  My MIL had thefrench toast which I thought was on the sweeter side.   I wouldn't mind sharing the french toast but not as my main meal.  I ordered the corn beef hash and it complimented the french toast very well.   . . If you want great tasting coffee, this is the MUST go to place for it!
This was my first time in Vegas and I didn't know a good place to get some nice breakfast. Me and my boyfriend were walking looking at our phones (yelp) to see if there was anything nice. Mon Ami Gabi popped up.. . What a pleasant surprise!! It's not usual for me, traveling, to like the first place I go to eat. Most because you simply don't know the place and have no idea what you may get. But I'm sure we got the best.. . My boyfriend got the eggs benedict and pomegranate juice an I got the croissant sandwich. We had a blast, my boyfriend loved his plate and Itwas definitely one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Super crunchy croissant pastry and super fluffy eggs inside!! Awesome!! . . The service was very nice as well, but you may have some trouble to get a table because at the 2 times we went there, the place was crowded. But I can understand why.
Mon Ami Gabi, je t'aime!. . I was in Las Vegas for my birthday this year and was perusing Yelp to find the perfect restaurant near MGM that would not break mine or my friends' bank account but also that would have good food, service etc. Mon Ami met my criteria and thankfully Yelp allowed me to make reservations via the Yelp app on my iphone. . . I am so glad I made reservations, there was a lot of people waiting outside for dinner when we got there. We were given a table within 10 minutes of arriving in the inner dining hall which had a spectacular view of the Bellagio and it's water fountain show! Hooray for free grandiose entertainment on my birthday! . . Our waitress knew were crunched for time as we had a show to catch, so she made sure to bring out everything promptly. While we waited for our food we were given warm loaves of bread, butter, and this amazing carrot salad that you eat with the bread and butter. I'm not going to lie, we asked for more--I just won't tell you how many times we asked for more.. . Our food was delicious. My party ordered scallops, steak, salmon, crab so I made sure to sample every single dish and they were all amazingly good. Simply a delight. The salmon melted in my mouth and was accompanied by a quinoa salad. The scallop plate had just the right amount of bacon and was served with greens. The steak came with fries! Two of my friends shared the sea food platter and devoured it. At the end of the meal Mon Ami brought out ice cream for my birthday and sang to me!. . We left the restaurant feeling full and happy. I thought it was a great birthday dinner and I so glad my friends agreed.
I never have a bad time here. The food is consistently good, the ambiance is fun and the fish is great along with the bar area on the patio.
Been twice!  Bloody Mary Bar, excellent view of the fountains and good food.  Good service.
I love steak, eat in all the time and this was one of the best I have ever had, great cut of meat, perfectly cooked, juicy but with a nice sear on the outside. Had a shrimp cocktail appetizer which was a nice addition to the meal. The fresh baguette was excellent. The wait staff was excellent. Everything here was 5-star. The prices were not outrageous. We sat outside and had a great view of the Bellagio fountains. I love this place and will definitely plan on going back
I'll keep this review short and sweet. I went here for breakfast on June 4, 2013 while on vacation.  GREAT ATMOSPHERE, GREAT LOCATION, GREAT SERVICE, GREAT FOOD, GREAT PRICES.  $12 for breakfast on a patio overlooking the Bellagio's lake, just amazing.  I wil dine there for all my breakfasts the next time I am in Las Vegas.  Just splendid.
I dined here with a group of 7 last Saturday night. Everyone was extremely satisfied with their entrees, which is incredible when you're in a larger party. . We had a few starters, including escargot, and duck confit. The duck was delicious! I can't comment on the escargot because I didn't have any; but, everyone else seemed to enjoy it. The warm baguettes werealso delicious.. I had the French onion soup to start. Very tasty!! For my entree I had the special, which was bacon wrapped filet mignon. It came out perfectly medium rare. Delicious! . Our server was great as well. I believe his name was Colby, and he took great care of us!. When our bill came, we were all shocked by how low it was. Great value! I will definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas!
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back! Both times I was with a group (6 the first time, 7 last night) and was fortunate enough to get a table outside which makes me the happiest person ever to be able to eat and watch the Bellagio fountains. From the host to the server to the bus staff, everyone was very polite and professional. We initially wanted to eat at Olives in the Bellagio but were told by a stone faced hostess that it would be impossible without a reservation. I won't try going back there even if it's empty. . . The food at Mon Ami Gabi is very, very good. My husband and I had our two sons and three of their friends with us, all ranging from 19-22 years old, so my husband ordered escargot without telling them what it was. When it arrived they loved it and even had another piece after we told them what it was. The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten. I had the trout and it was outstanding. Make sure you get the pomme frites with your steak - they are crispy and delicious. . . I will definitely plan a meal here every time I'm in Vegas!
Arrived for a late dinner after landing at Vegas. Had a great view of the Bellagio fountains from the patio area. Food was delicious. Would go again.
Virtually everyone recommended this place, and I can see why.  It's not a very "Las Vegas" type of place, considering that the portions are not huge (at least for the vegetarian options we enjoyed), and the focus was completely on the quality of ingredients rather than the spectacle of the presentation.  The food was actually kind of simple, but every single morsel was exquisite, as if the chefs had actually gone to the farmer's market that afternoon to pluck the choicest specimens from each basket of fruits and vegetables, hand-selected the cheeses, or churned the butter themselves that morning.  You know that great food you get in the Bay Area when the chef is plugged into the best local growers?  That was what this was like.  Somehow, inexplicably in the Nevada desert, the chefs at Mon Ami Gabi figured outhow to make it seem like the French countryside was just down the street.  Yes, it was expensive, but no more so than any other great French restaurant I've enjoyed, and ultimately it became one of the highlights of our trip.. . That night, the kitchen was an utter disaster with a huge leak that completely flooded the entire bar and surrounding tables (where we were sitting), and it could have been absolute chaos.  People slipped on the wet floor, staff had to let patrons slosh over soaked tablecloths strewn over the slick surfaces for extra traction, and the flooding was obviously worse in the kitchen where the leak had erupted.  All of this could have made for a regrettable experience, but instead the staff rose to the challenge and kept the place afloat (pardon the pun) with excellent service, great attitudes, and appropriate kindness in the midst of what was probably (and hopefully) one of the worst work nights they've had to endure.  Such grace under pressure was inspiring. I haven't seen that level of service anywhere except at the best San Francisco restaurants, so to find that right on the Vegas Strip under such extreme circumstances, combined with the lusciously fresh and perfectly prepared food, made for an experience dripping (ahem) in quality.. . I guess that means Mon Ami Gabi isn't the place to visit if you want to encapsulate the Vegas experience, but is definitely the place for those who want something that transcends the strip. Mathis would be a great restaurant in any city - and that's saying something.
Instead of going off of the menu i just went with what the special of the day was. That day it was pork roast with potatoes. let me tell you, it was delicious, and although some have mentioned the portions are "smaller" than regular restaurants, it filled me up. If you want great job, get a reservation and enjoy hardly any wait. If you want the outside seating for the ambiance, expect at least an hour wait.
The first time I went here with my fiance we were taken aback by the ambiance and the romance of it all. You almost forget you are right on the Las Vegas strip! The mussels are to die for, mainly the garlic and cream based sauce. I also recommend any of the cocktails, the steaks, the frites, the after dinner coffees, desserts, all of it. You can get all of the above-mentioned items for around a hundred dollars, with two drinks per person! Whenever we want to reminisce and fall in love all over again, not to mention people watch, we go to Paris!!Allez!
Service was excellent!  Food was wonderful. Watching the beautiful water show at the Bellagio across the street while eating dinner was priceless!  Great experience!
La la la la la la La la la la la la. . Mon Ami Gabi. Went here on a summer's day. Mon Ami Gabi. Loved my meal in every way. Mon Ami Gabi. Oasis on the Strip in Hotel Paree. Your food and atmosphere filled me with glee. The experience was oh so fine!. . Sat in the cafe room, enclosed by walls of solid glass. Saw views of Bellagio and people watched as they walked right past. Mon Ami Gabi. Orange juice and coffee made us all happy. Served the most delicious waffle with sliced strawberries. What a delicious dandy delight to dine!. . La la la la la la La la la la la la. La la la la la la La la la la la la. . Corned beef slightly tough, but it wasn't canned they made it fresh. Over easy egg and potatoes, peppers...flavors meshed. Mon Ami Gabi. Crusty bread so tasty with blackberry jelly. One of the best breakfasts ever eaten by wifey, mom, and me!. Service good and oh so kind!
it doesnt get any better than this for breakfast!
Came here for dinner on Saturday night. Didn't have reservations, but we were seated within 3 minutes (it was past 10:00pm). Silly me - I didn't know about the outside patio, since we came in from the other side. Oh well, next time. So we ended up sitting inside, which was actually better for me, since it was still 92 . degrees outside. . . Things do happen fast here and I did appreciate it. Water was served to us within a minute of seating, loaf of bread within 3 minutes. It's cute how they bring out the bread - warm and wrapped in a paper sleeve like it just came from the bakery. Dinner came out in what seemed like less than 10 minutes - wow! I ordered the Chicken Grandmere - the chicken was cooked perfectly and wasdelicious mixed with the mashed potatoes, bacon and mushrooms. I just had to savor every bite! Veruka had the Carmelized Sea Scallops. The scallops literally melted in your mouth! She must have liked it because there wasn't a scrap of food left on her plate after a few minutes! We were just about to skip dessert, when I noticed that bread pudding was on the menu, (specifically, White Chocolate Bread Pudding). That is one of my weaknesses, so I had to try it and I wasn't disappointed! Perhaps I should have eaten it a little slower, so I could prolong the experience, but Veruka was complaining that she was tired and wanted to go home. It was a good dinner, and a good way to end the night. Wait staff was pretty attentive and friendly, although I have to admit, I couldn't understand a lot of the stuff that they were saying. Yeah, we'll come here again!. . Just a note to myself: my new favorite beer is Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout.
Had a frangria which was awesome. Also ordered an  oysters platter. Bartender Michael #17 was super! He deserves a raise
,We came here for a Monday lunch.  We were serviced right away.  The indoor dining room was empty, but the outdoor and the atrium was quite busy.  . . Food was excellent.  Steak frites was the best.  Thin steak and crunchy fries were like going back to Paris.  Awesome.  I will definitely be back again.
Delicious and well priced for the quality of the food and the service. It does get VERY busy so make reservations ahead of time and if you're looking for the special call ahead and reserve it or else you run the risk of them selling out.. . It isn't upscale in dress but it doesn't hurt and PLEASE try their mac & cheese - SO GOOD.
Have loved this restaurant since they opened years ago.  Until I can get back to France, this place allows me to get transported for a couple hours.  Really like the crispy, delicious baguette that gets served in a paper sleeve along with a delicious carrot slaw/salad and softened butter.  Very nice touch.  . . We loved the chicken liver mousse pate and the escargot.  DH had the kale bacon egg salad - divine!  I had the moules frites - also divine!
Excellent food!!. . The steak au poivre is amazing - but there is not a bad thing on the menu. The service is friendly and prompt, and the food is to die for.  I'll definitely be back next time I am in Vegas.
Mon Ami Gabi is consistently delicious. . . During our stay we had breakfast and dinner there several times, which says a lot. I had a savory crepe for my breakfast and it was just divine. I believe it is a buckwheat crepe, which I love even more.. . During a dinner visit on our first evening, I had their filet with merlot sauce. Probably a top 5 favorite dish of mine in the USA. The sauce is just amazing. Decadent, a little buttery, soak it up with bread worthy.  Just as good on our last night as it was on our first night and after the bad experience at Prime, fully convinced me that flash and high $-rated restaurants are not important at all.. . The bread, of course, is always beautifully warm. . . Their bananas foster crepe is also delicious (Igot a few bites in even though some guests at the table were duking it out for prime spoon positioning).. . Great service, great atmosphere, my favorite place in Vegas.
I had their onion soup for the appetizer and their filet mignon with the merlot butter for my entree as recommended by our waiter.  He was on spot and everything was delicious. It was enough to make me realize that I would rather have a nice meal rather than any best buffet Vegas has to offer. I just want a simple meal that is done really well, and Mon Ami Gabi did it well.. . We were also recommended a white wine from France called the Vouvray that was really amazing for a good price. We were seated outdoors with a great view looking out onto the Bellagio water show.. . Next time I go to Vegas, I would want to end my trip there again.
Great food!  Great service!  Great atmosphere!
On a recent 2-night trip to Vegas, we actually ate here twice, once for breakfast and once for dinner.. . I have to say, this is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere, not just counting Vegas. The deck is worth the wait to watch the fountains, but if you want to enjoy it without the wait, go at breakfast. The interior is just as wonderful at night, so don't feel too disappointed if you sit inside.. . I do feel that their menu has gotten a little less adventurous since I went for the first time 6 or 7 years ago. But it is still excellent, and surprisingly reasonably priced, given it's premier location.. . Just a great experience all around.
Woohooooo!! Writing this review makes me want to fly to Vegas!. Mon Ami Gabi IS Vegas. I dine here every time I leave, just to end my trip with a BANG, after losing money on the slots. . . The outdoor patio is so romantic, the natural light glistens through the glass over your head, while seated inside a cool fanned room.. . The seafood is as fresh as it gets. Order the seafood sampler.... So worth it! $50 for jumbo prawns, salmon ceviche, mussels, and more!. . I've had their Ahi salad as well, and that was excellent! The vibe is not authentic or French, but its very open, relaxing, and that everyone around you in having an enjoyable time. . . I never make a reservation, who needs one in Vegas when you can put your name on the wait list and head over to the casino for 30 min?
Had a wonderful 25th birthday dinner here in front of the Bellagio fountains. . . The steak with ftittes was amazing, as was the cauliflower puree. . . Highly recommended.
Seriously. this has got to be my favorite establishment in all of Vegas. Classy, elegant, not super expensive, and most definitely not snooty. We had a gluten allergy in our party too, and they were super accommodating! The steak is great, the escargot is delicious, but the duck confit has got to be the best thing on the menu. Can't get enough of the duck!
Very good, excellent service , Steak Frite is outstanding . . Mussels are  very good .. Excellent location
Delicious, great service, fine dining experience ... for a lot less than most vegas restaurants. LOved it
We really like Mon Ami Gabi at Paris Casino. They have a great breakfast with ridiculously good people watching from the outdoor patio. Saturday mornings are CLASSIC. Only in Vegas do you see what you will see. We have also had a delicious romantic dinner with excellent wine and Chateau Briand while overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. Always a good experience (put your name in early...I think it is the line to the left!)
Best food on the strip and you can't beat the price. Been here at least a dozen times and have always have had a great meal. Great vibe, the place buzzing like a true Parisian cafe.
My number 1 all time favorite restaurant! If you want the best dining experience, request patio seating and enjoy the bellagio watershow.  Make reservations in advanced, or you may not be able to get in without a very long wait during the weekends! Enjoy!
Here's my FAST restaurant review:. Food:  Excellent and not overpriced (I ate the trout). Ambiance:  Excellent, I wouldn't necessarily wait the extra time just to sit outside, unless you want the view, which I did, but the fountains at the Bellagio are hard to see through the trees and traffic.  It's a little loud if you're looking for a more quiet, romantic setting.. Service:  Excellent.  My wait at 8:30pm was 40min (for outdoor seating).  Once I ordered, my food was out in less than 10min.  The servers were very attentive.. Thumbs...up (two!)
Excellent service, meal, experience.  On time for our reservation for dinner 6:45 seated promptly just inside the restaurant short of the patio (out of the sun - longest day of the year) across from the Bellagio.  We had cocktails, appetizers - Escargot for the wife, Roquefort Endive salad for me.  She had the Filet Mignon with the wine reduction, I had the special which was a Steak Tartar.  We enjoyed a Bordeux Superior during the meal and a Cafe Latte at the completion.  Dion was very attentive throughout and this was possibly the best meal we enjoyed in Vegas that week.  The decor is a styling of turn of the 19th century old Paris, and we were comfortable for the entire time we languished at our table.  Dinner was around a couple of hundred when you added a tip, definitely worth it and a very fond memory for my wife and I.
Great food and great service. I came here last for my stepmom's birthday and everyone was happy with their food. I ordered the french onion soup and a plate of seasonal veggies. I'd like to go again to try the fruit and cheese plate!
I forgot something: Mon Ami Gabi has some pretty mighty portions. The dishes are pretty hard to finish on your own, so either share or bring a mighty appetite or prepare to take food back to your hotel. . . Last time we didn't dine in, so we didn't know that they gave a loaf of warm, crusty baguette. It was very good. I wish we had dined in last time because I really like warm crusty bread.. . Friend got the quiche lorraine and she only finished half of it. I tried a bit and it was delicious. I got a croque monsieur and it was huge and came with a mountain of ridiculously addicting fries. The only reason I ate those fries was because they tasted like potato chips. Boyfriend got the seafood crepe and then I instantly regretted putting in my own order because his was ridiculously good and it was hard for him to finish anyways. . . Next time I'm sharing.
I came here for a big group of people for my friends birthday! The ambiance was amazing and intimate, but needless to say we were probably the loudest group of teenagers in that restaurant! (no one scolded us for that though). While were were waiting to order dinner, we got loafs of warms & soft bread with butter, and some radish pickle-like dish (with vinegar) that had a great taste!. . I'd have to say, it is really reasonably priced for this restaurant being located in Vegas and being a fancy French place at that. For dinner, I got the salmon on a bed of quinoa with lemon sauce. It was a delicious piece of salmon and the lemon quinoa went perfectly with it!. . For dessert, we got some French dessert (any ideas what it is called?) - which was delicious! Overall, great service, food & ambiance! I'd definitely make it back here in the future!
I really wanted to come here after reading some friends' reviews on yelp.  It was nice that we made a reservation ahead of time so we could skip the wait line, but the wait didn't seem that bad either on a Sunday brunch time.  We got the quiche, a blueberry muffin, and a lobster roll.  The blueberry muffin was okay, would have been better if it was hot.  BUT, the quiche and lobster roll were bombdiggidty.  Large portions too.  Wish I took a picture of the lobster roll, but it came in a "brick toast" with a little pocket at the top with lobster filling stuffed inside.  It was certainly unique and definitely delicious.  Lots of people were ordering the standard ham and cheese sandwhich that you would normally order at a french brunch place, and they looked to be enjoying themselves as well.. . Can't wait to return!
Love love loved it!  Make sure the make a reservation or come for lunch - or you will be waiting a long time! Our waiter was great; he had good recommendations that we took and loved.  I tried escargot for the first time and had a fish fillet.  My boyfriend had a steak.  Everything was great and it was actually reasonably priced!. . . Try the escargot!!! (You will not regret it).
A cute restaurant at the Paris Resort & Casino for people who are looking for decent French food, without heading to France. The ambiance is very French, as it is set up like an authentic French Bistro with beautiful high ceilings and mirrors around the leather booths. I loved the feel of the place and was excited to try the food. We decided on this place because Kelly and I decided to treat ourselves to some steak frites after a night of partying... and let me tell you, it was the best idea ever. . . Luckily for us, we were able to get a table seated outside so that we could enjoy watching the Bellagio fountains. It was nice to sit outside like we were at a cafe! The wait here can get pretty long, but I guess it also depends on where you want to sit, and how many people are you in your party. The service here was excellent and the food was delicious. The portion was so big that I was able to take some back to my room and finish it later. We both enjoyed our experience here and I can't wait until I can make it back again! Thanks for such a pleasant experience Gabi, you truly are Mon Ami!
Never had a bad meal or server at this place....prices are reasonable for the quality of food...I have never left this place hungry....in fact I am always very full...... Some of my favorite dishes.... Ham and Cheese Crepe. Croque Monsieur. Cheeseburger. Baked goat cheese with tomato sauce. Can't wait to try brunch!
Best service, view, and food!
I have eaten here once so far and it was excellent.  The steak was cooked exactly right for my taste and was so tender.  The mashed cauliflower (almost like baby food) side dish was really tasty.  We loved our server, Sean.  Even though the restaurant was very busy, Sean was always there for us.  We sat right by the opening to the outside tables, facing the water show at Bellagio so we had entertainment, too.  It all made for a very enjoyable dining experience.  We look forward to returning for a different meal so we can try other menu items.
Everything we ordered here was delicious. The area where you enter looked desolate which almost turned us away, but the patio and "glass room" were fully occupied. Delicious bacon quiche and french onion soup at reasonable prices for the strip.
One of my favorite restaurants on the strip. Their steaks are incredible, the fries are delectable, and the PROFITEROLES! LOVE THEM.
Mon Ami Gabi is our favorite restaurant in Vegas! My husband and I have been married for six years, and every year on our anniversary, we go to Mon Ami Gabi. The food is always excellent, the staff tries to seat us in the specific area that we prefer, and they are one of the best prepared restaurants as far as dealing with my husband's wheat allergy goes. We plan on continuing to celebrate our anniversaries here for years to come!
Breakfast is the best on the strip, and Dinner with the fountains in the back round is one of the best views in vegas. This is a must go to spot on the strip,  Reasonable prices for the strip
Your typical French fare, which is always delicious. Service was top notch. Only eaten here for breakfast. Had steak frittes and french onion soup. Was delish.
Great place for steak without spending an arm and a leg like Ruth Chris or Morton's.  We request to be seated outside in front of the restaurant so we can see the Bellagio water show. Waited was less than 15mins on a Monday around 7pm. This place gets super jammed packed but i guess we just happen to beat the crowd and got seated very fast.  Very friendly staff and noticed each server had its own assigned duty, from being a waiter, to a busier to bread & water guy.  Service is very fast yet still able to maintain that upscale class.  I swear i saw around 30 servers just in the outside patio area. . . Now comes down to the food:. . Complementary fresh bagget with homemade slivers of beets.  Bread and butter is great and the Beets are awesome which complements the bread very well. I hate beets in the first place but they tasted like apples. . . I tried the Steak Au Poivre with the Brandy Peppercorn sauce which is awesome and very tasty. Also tried the Hanger steak with the Merlot Butter which was to die for.  Hands down on the sauce as it complements the steak very well.  Classic Bearnaise Sauce pretty good too but I'd prefer the Merlot butter sauce instead. In my opinion,  Mash potatoes were delicious and I would substitute it instead of the Frites because they go a little over board on it.  Reminds of a over cooked shredded hash brown. . . There is no dress code, but people that are dressed up are usually placed inside while the casual wear customerswere placed outside. . . I'd definitely my make rounds back her for a nice dinner out in the patio watching the Bellagio water show.
So freaking good. Sangria amazing! Escargots delicious, onion soup amazing, scallops I could eat all day! Fresh bread at the table still warm!!! I love this place!
My friend and I wanted to enjoy a very nice dinner without having to spend a ridiculous amount of money. Mon Ami Gabi was the perfect place. The atmosphere inside was that of a classy steakhouse. As an appetizer, we ordered the chicken liver mousse, which was very tasty. Definitely more mousse than a party of two could handle, though. My friend ordered the steak classique, which came with an herb butter, and pom fritte. She loved the steak, but wasn't excited over the pom fritte. She said it tasted like she was eating fancy potato chips. I ordered the chicken grandmere, and it was absolutely DELICIOUS! I usually don't eat the skin, but you could see how perfectly this half chicken was cooked that it was a must to experience the full flavor of the dish. The chicken came with creamy mashed potatoes and a sauteed mix of pearled onions, mushrooms, roasted garlic, and bacon (the real deal chunky bits of bacon)! While eating the chicken I was surprised to find roasted garlic, mushroom and rosemary tucked beneath the skin of the chicken to add even more flavor to the already tasty meat. Overall, our meal was wonderful! The chicken entree was $20.95, and the steak classique was $24.95. For those who like chicken liver pate, $10.95 for a large portion is what you'll pay. This was a wonderful, affordable steakhouse restaurant, and I will more than likely return on my next visit to Vegas.
Great view from water show
Great food, service and value! Their salmon dish is delishous!
Amazing as usual
Mon Ami Gabi has got to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, and is definitely my favorite on the strip! Every time I have eaten here I have had a great experience. I have eaten here so many times that I have tried a lot of different dishes. I love their French Onion Soup and how they bring other soups to your table in a kettle and pour them in your bowl in front of you. I never have to wait too long for a table, and the service is always great as well. Mon Ami is also worth the money, and it is reasonably priced for being on the strip. If you want a great meal with a good atmosphere, I really recommend trying Mon Ami.
So many casino restaurants are a crap chute.  High prices, seemingly lovely menus....but then you get your food and you're like "WTF, I'm paying how much for this?!".. . Mon Ami Gabi is a breath of fresh air. Located at the very front of Paris, it's the perfect spot for a casual lunch OR a romantic dinner.  Great for big groups, but also comfy if you're dining solo. . . The menu has something for everyone, the wine list is decent and the service is top notch. But best of all (two things):. 1. The food is incredible . 2. The prices are reasonable . . All of the steak frite are delicious.  Cooked exactly as your order and the beef is so tender and so flavorful.  The kale and bacon salad is to die for.  The duck l'orange and asparagus soup (both specials the day we visited) were two of the best things we've ever tasted. . . We love Mon Ami Gabi!
My favorite place to eat in Vegas!  Sit outside on the patio at night with the Bellagio fountains going off.  It feels like Vegas but doesn't.. . I usually order the Filet and get a side of Asparagus or a salad.  This most recent visit I tried the Chicken Paillard which was so good.  Great wine list.  . . It's always busy!  The trick is to make reservations, which they don't take for the patio cause it's first come first serve, and then when you get there to check in tell them that you are interested in sitting outside if possible.. . I've always had great service there whether it be on a hot date or with a group of girlfriends for a birthday.
This has become our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  The food, service and ambiance is first class.  We have dined outside on the rail, and most recently under the patio.  Always a beautiful view of the Bellagio, and is definitely very romantic.  Would highly recommend this restaurant to everyone!!
Yummy food, Holly is the best server in the world!!!!
7/4/13  Dinner. . My third time dining at Mon Ami Gabi doesn't disappoint. For a French steak restaurant on the Strip, this place offers great food at a great value. My party of 4 arrived promptly for 6:30pm reservation. Surprisingly we were offered the option of indoor dining or the patio outside overlooking Bellagio fountain across the street. Patio is usually first come-first serve but on a 108F day we just didn't feel like eating outside. Plus all the hustle-and-bustle on the street.. . Server was friendly, ready to make cocktail suggestion. Despite being very busy for 4th of July, service was not pushy at all. We spent almost a cocktail's time looking over the big menu, which features grain-fed Mid-West beef.. . *Paris Romance ($12): a rum base cocktail with a tinge of lemoncello. . *Grey Goose Cosmopolitan ($14): just the way I like it, a slightly more vodka compared to cranberry juice, fresh lime (there's pulp) a beautiful pink. . Our table goes for beef since this is a classic French bistro specializes in meat.. . *Chicken Liver Mousse Pate ($10.95): the tangy red wine mustard goes really well with the very creamy liver spread on warm toast. It really set the mood of dinner for the evening.. . *Filet Mignon Merlot ($34.95): very tender, almost like Wagyu, beef seared to a medium-rare pink, with a butter/red wine reduction. I've had Harris's filet mignon and loved it. But Mon Ami Gabi is just as juicy, and every bite of meat is "even." This is one of the best filet mignon I have had. The handcut frites are warm crispy, with the texture of sliced potato chips. They give you so many that I couldn't finish.. . *Steak Classique ($24.95): a slimmer cut sirloin steak served with house-special herb butter. My BF also had it medium rare and it was pink like mine. He did better with the frites and licked the plate clean.. . *Steak Au Poivre ($25.95): probably the strongest tasting steak on our table, served with a brandy peppercorn sauce. Our dining companion also opted her sirloin medium rare. I was very impressed at the overall consistency in how their meat was prepared here. . . *Prime Cheeseburger ($12.95): with blue cheese. This is a Mon Ami Gabi's classic and they charge the same price as for lunch. Medium cooked beef patty served on a brioche bun. Instead of fries, my dining companion got French green beans on the side. . . We concluded the meal with warm chocolate torte and assorted sorbet. The whole experience---food, service, drinks, and decor, is top-notch but you pay decent prices for it. It's one of the best value on the Strip. Make sure you have a reservation. I always have dinner here when I'm in Vegas.
I only had breakfast here last weekend and it was very very very good! I had the eggs benedict, 2 mimosas and a coffee...and of course this is a French bistro, I HAD to try their baguettes...which did NOT disappoint! Our waiter was fast, friendly and we had no clue that it was his first day on the job! (He told us after we finished and paid). Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be stopping here to enjoy another glorious meal.
nice view n yummy breakfast choice
A fantastic place right across the street from the Bellagio Fountains. There is a patio area where you basically have mezzanine seats to the fountain show. On hot days (so half the year pretty much), they have these mist-ers that make sure you're not melting in the sun.. . We came one Sunday mid-afternoon, looking for some nourishment after a uh...late night. We found the food, service, and value to all be superb. A much welcomed respite after two days of straight buffets.. . The onion soup is a must. It feels like there's a whole onion and a whole block of cheese in the soup, in the best way possible. Certainly not for the faint of heart. I also really, really enjoyed my kale salad (with a poached egg on top!). The steak frites my friends ordered were huge in portions, and were actually really well-cooked.. . Overall, this place is amazing value for its price. A french restaurant with really tasty food on the strip with a view of the Bellagio fountains?! That's hard to beat.
Excellent!! We had the brie appetizer and filet mignon.  Best steak I have ever had!!  Great location too - ask to sit outside to see the Bellagio fountains.  Very reasonably priced too. Highly recommend!!
Location! Location! Location!. . Stopped by for breakfast at 7:45 AM on a Sunday and although we had a reservation through Open Table, we likely didn't need one at that time.. . Our son had the waffles, my wife had Crepes, and I had the smoke salmon plate. . . The food was fresh, high quality, and looked great. The taste was above average.. . The main reason you'd eat here is for the LOCATION on the strip. Plenty of people watching and you're right in front of the Bellagio Fountains. It also gives you a break from the buffets. . . Although the place is casual, men can't wear tank tops or sleeveless shirts. No problem -- they gave me a plain white shirt (which look far worse in my opinion).. . Overall, A MUST to eat at this place when in Vegas!
Consistently delicious, fresh food. Greatest setting on the strip. You can sit outside and watch the action walk right by. The outdoor seating is raised up, so lookie-loos and other freaks can't make eye contact with you or jump the rail! It's pricey, but this is one place where you get what you pay for. Terrific service and high quality drinks from the bar. Don't come to Vegas without hitting this place!
What a great restaurant! Inside and out has great ambiance! We made a reservation for dinner and were seated inside but were just at the big open doors for the patio with a view of the strip and Bellagio, great spot!!! Our table enjoyed the Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce), Filet Mignon Merlot (butter, red wine reduction) and Steak Bearnaise. Everything was delicious but my personal fav was the Filet Mignon Merlot, delicious and highly recommend!!!! We substituted our side for the Whipped Cauliflower and the Sauteed Mushrooms, both excellent choices!!!!
What can I say that 2800 people haven't already said in their reviews? Christy G. and I always try to dine at Mon Ami Gabi when we're in Vegas, and every visit has been spectacular. For one, the service is always impeccable. The location can't be beat, with an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains and truly top notch people watching. I particularly like watching the drunk bambi-legged girls ("weenie wobbles") trying not to fall in their too-high heels :) Or even worse, the ones holding their heels and walking down Las Vegas Blvd in their blackened bare feet *shudder*. . The Onion Soup au Gratin ($9.95) is a definite must-have. The broth is rich and savory, packed with perfectly soaked baguette slices and caramelized onions, and topped with about a pound of melted gruyere. I crave this soup even when it's triple digits outside; it's that good. . . Another staple is the Filet Mignon Merlot ($34.95), which comes with a merlot infused butter and a red wine reduction. The filet (medium rare for me) is always perfectly cooked and melts in your mouth. I don't personally care for the frites that everyone raves about, but they've always been super accommodating about switching it out for another side at a small upcharge. I've had the pommes puree, garlic spinach, sauteed mushrooms, and the macaroni au gratin - all amazing. . . I'm always way too stuffed for dessert, so I won't comment on those. They also have a pretty substantial wine list, and about two dozen wines by the glass. And if you stop by for brunch, the build your own Bloody Mary cart is a godsend! . . Bottom line: don't miss out; this place is amazing! Ask for a table on the patio and come hungry!
Love this place - atmosphere is wonderful and food is always great!
Service is excellent. We had our valentine's dinner here this year and it didn't fail to deliver! We got reservations so we got a good seat which got the view of the Bellagio fountain show. The servers are good and attentive except for the part that we are ready for the cheque. She got stuck with a big group so we were sitting and waiting for at least 15 minutes waiting to grab her attention. The food is great. From salads to main entree. We definitely would come back to check out their other dishes and also when it's not too cold to sit outside and done while people watching. Reminds me of coffee shops in Champs Elysees in Paris!
Just returned home from my trip to Vegas and felt compelled to write this review.  I stayed at the Bellagio across the street, and I dined at numerous places during my 4 days there.. Mon Ami was the best.  . Service was top notch; staff all friendly, thoughtful,  knowledgable, and made excellent suggestions.. Food was delicious, steaks were much better than those I had at much pricier haunts (such as "vooDoo"),  and the view of the fountains was spectacular.  I ate here 3 times in 2 days (2 breakfast, 1 dinner), and sitting in the morning shade while drinking coffee and watching the fountains be test-fired is one of my best memories of my visit to Vegas.
Love, Love, Love their escargot, mussels and seafood crepe!! definitely better than many Zagat-rated seafood/ steakhouse! . Onion soup was too sweet though.... Definitely coming back.
As a Vegas Local, this is my FAVORITE people watching, fountain watching, bottle of wine spot.  My niece and I go about every 6 months and find a great table on the outside patio.  We steal away from our 'daily reality' and have a wonderful, relaxing lunch and afternoon.  We usually have all or some of these fine choices: French Onion Soup, Warm Brie Cheese, the fantastic Frisee Kale and egg salad, warm olive jar, three cheeses...and so on. Add a couple bottles of "Red" and let the day happen.  I have eaten dinner outside on the Patio a couple times: wonderful Salmon, and fantastic scallops. . SERVICE - FOOD- ATMOSPHERE - ALL 5 STARS, over and over.
My lobster salad sandwich was awesome....  Would definitely dine here again...
Dinner Review:. . I love this place!!. . FOOD: Daily oysters were so delicious. So fresh, juicy, and oh so slurpy haha. They were medium-sized oysters. . . Duck Confit was impressive. The meat was so tenderly cooked, it just flaked off when you pick at it. It had some dried fruit with balsamic vinegar, together they tasted amazing, but separately, the fruit was extremely tangy. The duck meat was sooo juicy and savory. . . Frisee and Bacon Salad was really good. It had more of a crunchy texture with a poached egg on top. It was so simple, yet so flavorful. It was a nice addition to add to your meal. It was very light.. . Bone-In Ribeye was cooked perfectly to our liking. Seasoned very well. A perfect steak is when it's seasoned so well, you don't need any sauce, and this is it. It was so moist and flavorful. It came with thinly sliced fried potatoes that added a nice flair to the dish. . . I was thoroughly impressed with every dish we ordered!. . SERVICE:  Service here is amazing. The waiters and waitresses are so nice and attentive. We had a show to catch and was on a time constraint- but they were so quick to serve all the food on time and gave you the check quickly without pressure. . . AMBIENCE:  For dinners, I recommend coming early so you can snag a nice spot in the patio. You will have amazing view of the Bellagio Fountains! If the sun is out, you may get a little sunburn and sweaty though...  Indoors was really cute too. The decor is very french-like. . . Bon appetit!
First off the food was delicious, but secondly our service was phenomenal.. . My friends and I dined at Mon Ami on a Tuesday morning (about 11 AM). We were seated in an area that was kind of outside, but also inside (because they had all the glass windows open to the outside dining area). I was quite pleased with out seating because it afforded us a view of the outside, but kept us from the literal "street-view" of the Strip. . . Our server was a congenial lovely woman who definetely has a knack for serving and making her guests feel at ease. Throughout the entire meal she refilled coffees, brought Diet Pepsis out without us having to ask, and truly made an effort to romanticize our lovely French dining experience.. . We started our meal with the Escargot, which were swimming in a potent pesto and garlic sauce. The snails' texture was spot-on, not chewy, simply a good mouth-feel, and the garlic, while very prevalent, added to the escargot, it did not distract.. . My Onion Soup was served with the appetizer and I was fairly happy with the soup. I thought though it had a bit too much of a sweet taste for my liking. The crouton and cheese ratio was a bit off, with there being a just a *tad* too much cheese. I almost felt bad leaving some of it in my cup, but I had really had enough of it as I got toward the end of the cup.. . As for my main dish I stuck with a classic - Quiche Lorraine. The flavors were mixed well - not too much of any ingredient, and the crust was classic - flaky, but not too crunchy or over-baked. Perfect for a quiche. The quiche around the outside was a bit dry, but as you moved inward it became a much better mix of eggs and cheese. . . I ended with the Chocolate Mousse - a refreshingly light dessert, yet it is chocolate so it has that little bit of decadence you want with a dessert. It has little crunchy Kit-Kat like chocolate balls on top of it and is served with some amazing whipped cream on the side. I also sampled my friend's chocolate tart and believe me, that dessert is absolutely worth every penny. I sampled the Bananas Foster from my other friend's plate that too was absolutely delicious.. . Overall I must say Mon Ami had good food with just a few minor flaws, but the pristine service made up for it. 5 Stars indeed.
this place is packed during dinner and breakfast, call for a reservation in advance if you can. . . if you can catch a seat on the patio, go for it-- the restaurant is right across form the fountains, so it's cool to catch a show while you eat. . . The food is reasonably priced and cooked to perfection. I had the filet mignon for dinner, it was juicy and tender. Steaks come w/ a side of fries, which were so so, there are other side options but they cost extra. . . Service was superb. Our waiter was attentive and very friendly. He made us feel as if we were regulars.. it's rare to get that kind of service anywhere! . . Highly recommended!
It has been years since my husband and I ate here with a group of friends, but I still remember it as a wonderful dining experience.  The room was vibrant and current; the atmosphere was fun, but sophisticated, the restaurant itself was busy and bustling.  Excellent food and good wine list.  I wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant, for both groups and romantic dinners.
Eat at Mon Ami Gabi at your own risk- it will ruin you for every other high-end restaurant in Vegas. From the food quality and preparation to the service to lovely wine list to the extremely reasonable prices, everything here is extraordinary. In our three days in vegas we ate here twice. . . The patio is great if you want to watch the fountains, but we enjoyed the inside just as much.
Been to Mon Ami Gabi several times and I have to say that everything has always been excellent.. Food is excellent and flavors have always been very consistent.. You cant beat the price for the quality that your getting.. If you get the opportunity to sit on the patio in the evening, it brings everything together.
This place is amazing. Get the escargot and a steak with some nice wine.  Perfect romantic dinner with the wife last time we were in Vegas.. . Tip: if you don't want to wait the extra time to get an outside seat to see the water show, ask for a table inside but near the window. We had a perfect seat to see the show, but also had air conditioning!. . 10/10 will go back EVERY time I'm in Vegas.
As if this place needs another review. Ill do it anyways. Amazing service despite the crazy crowdedness! Highly highly recommend reservations (just do it right now on yelp thru opentable!) or else you face a 2 hour wait on weekend nights. Food is ridiculously good and not overhyped. Very clean simple dishes that are executed perfectly. Not pretentious at all. . . Must try's: steak and frites, chicken paillard, soup du jour, bread pudding.. . Yummilicious factor - A+
Eating at this restaurant was not just a meal but an experience. The food was awesome. We had the special soup, escargot, and the steak frites. The steaks were perfectly cooked. The service was spectacular. Our server, Michelle was a true professional. She made perfect recommendations and was on the spot with everything. We had the chocolate tart and the bread pudding for dessert. Awesome! Sitting on the patio with a view of the Bellagio fountains was just the icing. We will definitely be back!
Had an amazing time on our trip to Vegas. We ordered the Filet Mignon with Bleu Cheese dressing and a bottle of Bordeaux to go with our red meat. I had mine medium well and my friend had hers medium. Mine was cooked perfectly that after two or three chews it literally melted in my mouth! Crazy good! Usually when you say medium well they only hear the "well" part and they cook it through. Not here! Service was phenomenal. We came on a busy night right before we went clubbing and wanted to be across from the Bellagio water show. They bussed a table and five minutes in we were seated where we wanted. Not to mention that our server came around often to pour more wine in our glasses and such. Excellent service, excellent food. After all, you are in Paris. The small one in Las Vegas. :)
Amazing evening at Mon Ami Gabi!. The location is beautiful! If you're lucky enough you'll get a seat on the patio but the interior decor is also quite beautiful. The service was exceptional from beginning to end. A warm welcome from the hostess and our waiter was funny, kind and attentive! If you're willing to spend a little more, try the Wellington. It is not on the menu but it is really good if they have it available that night. The spinach and garlic side dish served alongside really completes it perfectly.. Enjoy!
This place is terrific. I make sure that we go here every time we visit Vegas. There is nothing better than sitting out on their patio, eating delicious food and people watching. There is sometimes a wait, but it is well worth the wait. Service here is top notch and we have never had a bad experience. . . They have daily specials which is what I normally order. I had the Bananas Foster Crepes last time. They were fantastic. Paired with some fresh squeezed orange juice and a bowl of Cafe Au Lait and I was in heaven. Their omelets and eggs Benedict are also tasty. I always find myself ordering the crepe special usually though. You must try this place while in Vegas. You will definitely not regret coming here.
What a gem breakfast place
My favorite place to eat in Vegas, maybe on planet Earth. If you haven't tried the filet mignon w/merlot butter sauce your life is sincerely lacking! Try it...now.  You're welcome.
Loved every minute! Have been for breakfast lunch and dinner, no need to go anywhere else!. . Rib Eye was fantastic and for the price you get to sit on the strip and watch the Bellagio fountains. That is what Vegas is all about. Service was amazing and attentive, multiple people attending to our table. It took a while to get an order in for dinner but that is because of how busy they were.
Best place in Vegas for breakfast.  Amazing view of the fountains, outside patio with mists and a nice breakfast selection.   My honey got the steak and eggs and didn't speak until he was done...enough said.   I had the corn beef hash and it was nicely prepared but I honestly got full on the toast.   The bread was soooo good, with the lightly salted butter and this jam, oh my!    They make a decent bloodymary but could had used a bit more kick and a lot more salad on top.    This place is also priced well with adequate portions.. . 6 stars for service...our waitress was a sweetheart and although we showed up well past the breakfast hour, she put in a late order for us.
My wife and I have to go here every time we're in Vegas.  The inside decor is fine, but you really want to sit on the patio, preferably on the street at night to have a view of the Bellagio fountains.  My wife and I sat there for an addition 20 minutes after our meal, just to see the next show.. . The food is very good, but not quite extraordinary.  The steak is not the best I've had, not really close.  What you should expect is the sauce and potatoes to compliment the meat and make the meal.  The baguettes are also excellent.. . Without the view, this is probably 4-stars, the view pushes it to 5.
This place is very good,  If you love french food, your going to love this place.  They have the best french onion soup I have ever tasted.  I know there are some people that are not big on the french onion soup, but this place will change your mind so much you will be licking the bowl that it comes in.  Please before you die, you have to try this place.  You will not be disappointed.  If you go there during the night, you have to sit on the patio, so you can watch the Bellagio's water fountain in sink with lovely music, and the lights are amazing.  If you like to watch the many different people of Vegas, then patio is where you want to be.
Went to Gabi's last Tuesday before leaving Las Vegas AND fellow Yelpers did not steer me wrong.  Excellent food and excellent service AND, AND AND... (very important for Vegas-on the Strip Restaurants... the prices were extremely fair for the quality of the food.  (Hey, Gabi management.... don't start raising prices cause I said this!!! )  All I am saying is that if you go to some of the dumpy restaurants in some of the hotels, you pay through the nose for food that belongs inside a septic tank before its time.  For example, there is a restaurant in the Rio that wants 28 for a chicken pot pie.. really Rio? . Had the steak au poivre, trout, and croque monsieur.  One of my guests who had the steak told me it was soooooo delicious that if she were home she would be licking the plate until it no longer needed washing... (a beautiful image). The guest who had the trout said it was the best trout he ever had... and the croque monsiuer was excellent but a little on the greasy side because of all the butter and cheese.  I think Gabi's can cut back a little on the butter since the delicious Gruyere cheese that it is made with provides most of the fat this sandwich needs.  I must share with you that I am a French Onion Soup aficionado.  I eat it here and in my favorite city in the whole wide world---Paris.  Well, I ordered the French Onion Soup at Gabi's and it looked amazingly beautiful-- a tall crock of soup with melted Gruyere cheese perfectly broiled on top resulting in gorgeous spots of darkened Gruyere--yum.  However, then I tasted it.  It was reeking with sugar.  Yes sugar.  So sweet I couldn't eat it.  When I beckoned the waiter to discuss it, he told me the onions caused the sweetness because they were sweet onions.  In response to the waiter's answer, I am going to put on the voice of an irate waiter in Paris. (now use your imagination and think of a balding, older gentleman who has been on his feet for at least 7 hours dealing with American tourists)  They go deep into their throats before saying : 'NOH! (that would be an American "No".)  I too say No to the theory that the onions caused the sweetness.  Do you know why?  Because I cook  that's why!  I believe that this soup has been Americanized to address the palettes of some americans (I said SOME so don't write back insulting me!).  They added sugar, lots of it AND because of the color of the soup,  I believe they added some Marsala wine which also provides some sweetness.  The ending of the French Onion Soup saga is that they graciously took it back.  They are a class act.  And did I forget about the service????   Amazing.  One of my guests had their water glass filled 7 times.  I'm not kidding.  AND, AND, And, did I forget to tell you about the Baguette????  Yes,  a complete baguette in a bakery bag--- delivered still warm from the oven presented with a generous portion of spreadable butter.  Yes spreadable --not those hard little bricks most restaurants serve.  And did I tell you we sat on the patio overlooking The Strip?  with misters to keep us cool???  Why did I leave thist to the end?.....  Because the food was the star of the show.   I am SOOOOOOO sorry that I went to Gabi's on my last day in Vegas.... if I had been there the first day, I would have chained my leg to one of the tables on the patio and eaten there every day breakfast, lunch and dinner... I would allow someone to take me to the bathroom every few hours only if they promise to give me back my table upon my return.  Otherwise, I'll skip the bathroom breaks.     Thanks Gabi management and staff for a wonderful experience and having a really great restaurant!
This is mine and my husband's favorite place to eatin Las Vegas.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner! The staff is always accommodating, friendly and very customer oriented (rare find now a days).  There is nothing better than enjoying a few drinks and any of their fabulous dishes on the terrace.  The fountains at Bellagio are enjoyable, as well as "people watching" on the Las Vegas Strip.
Best people watching in Vegas!. Great food and just the place to sit back and relax on a nice day on the strip.
Mon Ami Gabi is located inside Paris.  We had reservations here, but we still had to wait about 15 minutes.  This restaurant is beautiful.  We had a great table located inside which had a view of Bellagio.  We got to see the water show a couple times from our table.  . . The food was delicious.  They serve complimentary fresh bread which was soooooo good.  I could eat that all day.  It comes with some marinated carrots which tasted great with the bread.  I ordered a steak which was huge!  It was bigger than both my hands put together.  It is very thin.  It's served with fries.  It was a ridiculous amount of food.  . . Planning to come here?  Don't hesitate, but make sure you make a reservation!
To quote my husband, we rarely repeat any places when we make our annual Vegas pilgrimage, but this is one of the few we do.  For the price, excellent.  Love everything - the baguette at the beginning through to the end of the meal.  We had the smoked salmon appetizer, very good.  Our steak frites were fantastic, and the waitress brought me a side of Bordelaise and Roquefort since I could not decide.  Service was excellent; bread pudding dessert oh so good.  We've also been for lunch and have sat outside to people watch ... just as good.  Highly recommend!
I love Mon Ami Gabi, the service the ambiance .... and of course the excellent food!. It is one of my favorites in Las Vegas.
Excellent food and service.  Not pretentious at all (I'll be honest, I was expecting it to be).  We've been back a few times for the view, the service but mostly for the excellent food.. . Get the warm Brie appetizer, you won't be disappointed.
Hoe me gosh - what an awesome restaurant! Don't be fooled - it's a bit on the pricey side but you totes get what you pay for. Well worth the extra scratch with a killer view to boot! Je t'aime Mon Ami Gabi.. . Let's start with the physical space - the inside is dark and intimate and is just like an eatery you'll find in Paris, France. There's the option to sit outside on the patio - they even have water misters to cool the place down during the summer months. Or, pick a spot in between - half inside and half outside with great airflow, plenty of light and lots of room. The tables aren't cramped but rather nicely spaced for large parties or small.. . There is a great selection of wine for around $8 to $12 a glass for the cheap stuff. But even those wines are d-lish. You get some bread and butter upon sitting down but don't fill up on it cuz the food is off the hook!. . I had me the hanger steak and I almost keeled over because it was so dang good! A huge slice of meat prepared WELL as suggested by our server, Number 55. The rest of my party had other options of steak and one hamburger which was apparently awesome. You also get some pom frites finely cut and crisped to perfection.. . The service was attentive and knowledgeable although I never got our server's name - just saw the number pinned to his shirt. I felt that we were well taken care of. Also, I swear we saw Rod Stewart hiding in plain sight. Hey, performers gotta eat too.. . Next time I'm in Vegas this will for sure be the first place I think of when it's time to decide where the one fancy meal of the trip will take place. I think my mouth is watering now just thinking about the awesomeness of this restaurant!
I brought the 14 of us here for dinner at a Bachelorette wkend. My only complaint- we arrived on time and our table was waiting for us but the 14 of us had to wait and clog the line to be seated because there was only one hostess. Time to come on out and seat us Mon Ami!. . Food and service were excellent and the price point is around $20 which is very fair for the strip. They even let us split into 7 checks. When we were done I walked my group to the Paris valet where our hummer limo was waiting.. . I will mention that I like the lunch menu a little better than the dinner menu because of their wonderful French brunch items.
We were very lucky to score an awesome seat indoors but on the edge where it looks out at the patio and Bellagio fountains so we get the amazing view without the scorching heat.  Ambiance is so cute and chill, great for brunch.  I know this sounds super lame but the area we sat in does remind me of the outdoor seating that I had when I was in Paris- brought back the same feeling and made me miss it. So if you are looking for ambience, you can check it off your list here.. . We got the steamed clams and fries to start off- very delicious! Then for entree I got a waffle and the hubby got a crepe.  Everything tasted great and light, not to mentioned that we already filled up on the warm soft table bread.  It was such a nice breezy place to start the day with a great view, highly recommend.
"Style, Class, and a Patio to make me come back.". . Maybe it's cause I'malways on vacation. Maybe the memories, Maybe its the weather  or the good company that I've shared my time here.  On top of this, it's on one of the premier patio spots outside Paris in the dead centre of the Strip. These are some reasons why this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Then there's the food...let's move on to that.. . Let me set the tone: it's a classic French Bistro.  White table clothes, fancy setup, however the vibe is casual so even if you're out there in shorts, you're not totally out of place.  . . There are 3 dining areas: Indoors, Indoors with view of patio, and Patio.  Trust me, you want to sit on the patio and experience some pinnacle views which include the Bellagio, pretty people, and the rest of the strip.  Call in for a Reso if you can, otherwise you may be waiting 1-2 hours on a busy day. Again, for me its worth the wait.  Scared of the heat, well don't' worry, there is appropriate shade and air-conditioning and misters outside!  Even in 40 degrees they managed to keep me cool.. . Each table is given fresh baguette and butter to start.  One thing I've noticed is that the bread hasn't always come out hot.  A small annoyance, but something that could be easily remedied with a warmer of sorts.  Save some bread cause you'll need it for something else, stay tuned.. . If you are a professional meatitarian like myself, you will have no problem quenching your thirst.  First off the bat get a steak.  I don't even care which one, just do it.  All three steaks that I've had were beautiful cuts of meat, cooked exactly how I wanted it, and could be cut with a butter knife.  Myself I struggle between the Fillet Mignon Merlot and (if i'm feeling hungry) the 22oz Bone in Ribeye.  . . Aren't a suffer of Meatabetes like me, then why not try some of the mussels?   A light white wine and herb broth dips very well with the bread you remembered to save.  The mussels aren't as fat and juicy as we're accustomed to in the west coast, so this one dish won't fill you up. Regardless, I love mussels and I loved this dish. . . Need something to wash it down? Their wine list is extensive.  However if you want a refreshing treat on a hot day then I'd try their Sangria. . . Give Gabi a try.  You won't be disappointed.
The Bf and I dined here on July 13 and had invited my girls' to come along.  They got stuck in traffic on the way to the restaurant and couldn't make our reservation time.  Our first experience here was amazing.  As our second experience in this visit,  it was EXCELLENT!  We dined inside and this place is good as it gets.  . . We ordered the same thing from our last visit and I ordered the right item this time =)  The consistency of the food is just melt in your mouth that you felt giddy and in love with the food.  The french bread is as tasty and fresh that you shouldn't eat too much or you won't have space in your tummy.  The steaks and frites is how we remembered and still addicting as ever.  This is now one of our go to places for dinner because it has made my picky simple palate bf happy.  Plus it's not too expensive either.  Make reservations before coming in so that you don't have to wait too long.  They're available on open table.
Mon Ami Gabi a classic french bistro owned by chef Gabino Sotelino.  I took my wife and son here for dinner. We had a great time. The prices was affordable. The staff was very nice and helpful. I had the Snapper with Tomato Broth, Marinated Cucumbers and Herb Creme Fraiche it w as delicious.
Definitely coming back and sooo recommendable!! Took the boyfriend here for his birthday dinner date and everything was spectacular :D! Got a reservation for 6:45 and since we wanted to sit outside, we waited for just about 5 minutes to be seated at the patio.! Such a great view of the Bellagio and perfect way for people watching :D  They gave us some bread and butter and delicious carrot slaw!! We started out with escargot, and since we're both first timers, we didn't know what to expect. but it was delicious!!! Waaaay delicious than we thought! HAHA. The steaks were perfect and the service was also perfect. We ended our meal with the bread pudding and it's the perfect way to end the meal.!!
We found this restaurant through yelp and were able to make a reservation that same day.  Although the restaurant was very busy when we arrived, we were seated immediately. The atmosphere is amazing, mood lighting, but not so much private (we were in between two tables) One side is a booth, and the other side is chairs so there is a long booth with tables split with a space wide enough to allow you to sit down on the booth.  Although there is some indication that this restaurant is not kid friendly, it completely is.  They have a kids menu and crayons, which was enough to keep our kids entertained.  My son loved the pizza!  We also had a very patient waitress. In addition, I have a gluten allergy and they provide amazing gluten free bread before dinner and are very careful with the allergy. A little pricey, but you get what you pay for! I highly recommend.
Great place! Great view of the water show at Bellagio.. . Great food! We had the mahi mahi and sole specials...outstanding!. . Amazing Frangias! Grand Marnier with fresh fruit juice!. . Definitely will go again.
SIMPLY INCREDIBLE!!' First time here and not a SINGLE thing to diss about~ excellent menu!, excellent server! No names used only numbers ours was #71. He joined in on our reverie~ we had an excellent table on the rim of the patio. Actually could see the dancing waters across the street. A nice little extra bonus~the food!!! Yes! I am gonna say it again EXCELLENT !! We 3 had  steaks, each a different way. Merlot sauce, maiter'd butter & bernaise just sooo good. Had a great cocktail a "French Romance!" The price point is wonderful! I live here and can't wait to go back!!!
Great Food, Great Service, Great Atmosphere. No matter what Mon Ami Gabi we go to it's always consistent and delicious.
Went there for breakfast and dinner. Loved it both times. Steak and frites is great (and not pricey for the location!).
Yummy! Came here with my husband a few months back for our anniversary. We loved the food and service! Their fresh baked complimentary French bread is delicious! There was absolutely nothing negative to mention about this place. It was not the very best french food I have had, but definitely up there.. . They're a bit pricey but I assure you the cost is well worth it. Nice ambiance and great customer service.
Eating brunch like the French do? I'm down! After hearing such good things about Mon Ami Gabi from my friends, I was eager to finally dine there for brunch on my first Vegas trip this year. The decor of the place is just so cute! If I lived in Vegas, I would have brunch here all the time!. . - Smoked Salmon and Egg Salad Tartine: Salmon placed on a bed of egg salad on bread = perfection. They cut it into four pieces, so it's easy to share. The capers were a good compliment to the lightness of the bites.. - Steak: cooked to our liking with a bed of fries (which we didn't finish because we had an order of side fries).. - Waffle Fries: They're nice and crispy!. - Sangria: loads of fruits and rosemary (which made the sangria quite special tasting). There was enough for all five of us and a little more!. . Delightful service with amazing food.. I think I just fell in love with brunch a little more! :) I bet this is a really cute place for dinner with a date!
During our latest Vegas trip last December, we got a chance to check out Mon Ami Gabi in Paris for dinner. We were seated outside and had a straight view of Bellagio fountain show every 15 mins right across the street. Wow, this was one of the best views we have ever had from a restaurant.. . On to the food - my husband had Sea scallops and Cafe au lait. I had salmon, both were pretty awesome. Want to go back.
Great food and great service! So hard to get a patio table though, but its not their fault everyone likes to eat outside along the strip while listening to the bellagio fountains across the street. It's the restaurant of choice on the strip for my wife and I as you get quality eats for a competitive price. Try their fish and frites as they won't disappoint!
I am in LOVE with this place! I did not know gluten-free meals can be this delicious! I am gluten-sensitive so I try to make my meals as gluten-free as possible. So when I saw they had a whole separate menu for gluten-free meals, I was totally excited. I ordered their salmon and leek quinoa and OMG it was so delicious. And to top that off, I had a bottle of gluten-free beer :) I want to go back for more.. . The service was pretty good, but I did get the feeling our waiter hasn't worked there for too long. When I asked him for any recommendations from the gluten-free menu he seemed a little lost. But he did recommend the salmon and leak quinoa and said the dish is a little spicy so I ordered it because I love spicy! Funny thing, my dish was not one bit spicy, but it didn't matter because it was delicious regardless! What I am trying to say is I don't think the waiter should have made recommendations of a dish he knew not much about.. . Anyways , this is definitely a place you want to check out if you are in Vegas.
Absolutely amazing!!. . We had 9pm reservations with a request to be seated near the patio, since the patio is first come first serve only.  Unfortunately we were late by about 15 or 20 minutes.  Not a problem.  We waited maybe 5 minutes and were seated in a great location next to the patio so we could also enjoy the Bellagio water show.  . . The service was great and the food was even better.  My wife and I split the Duck Confit & Fingerling Potato as our appetizer and both ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot (steak lovers:) as the main course.  The duck was a great way to start.  The meat was just falling off the bone it was so tender.  Very impressed, we were anxiously waiting for our steaks and we were not disappoint.  Probably one of the best steaks I've had.. . There's really nothing more to say.  Wonderful service.  Great location.  Amazing food.
Great food - Be sure to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio Fountains!
Our favorite restaurant to go to for breakfast while we're in Vegas. We like to sit out on the patio next to the Las Vegas Blvd. strip and enjoy our meal. Since it's located in front of Bellagio, you sometimes will get to see the water show while dining there. Give this place a try.
Delicious food with a view :)). . Great food, watched the Bellagio's fountain shows; chatted with happy tourists...Can't ask for more :))
Ask to be seated outside in the evening! No matter what you order, you will love it. A little pricey, but the service and food are totally worth it! Perfect for the Paris Hotel! Excellent for aromantic dinner or to hang out with your girlfriends!
I went there for my first date. The service was wonderful. The steak was also wonderful and I love love love their frites. I would definitely visit agaib
I have always had an excellent meal here - been here many times.  This past visit we had a party of 10 and everyone loved it.  My family is very discriminating when it comes to food - and my Father especially - who loves this place and eats here every time he comes to Vegas.  . The food is authentic French bistro fare - and there is something for everyone.  You know you are going to have a good meal when they bring you piping hot little french breads that melt in your mouth!. I also had my birthday here last year with a bunch of crazy girlfriends and my husband.  We sat outside in 105 degree weather and felt so cool!  The food again was excellent and something for everyone.  . This place is consistent.  Everyone we go with always loves it.
Our go-to breakfast spot while visiting Vegas! Ever since we discovered this place we have not had a trip where we failed to visit them. . . We always order the French toast and a savory dish to counterbalance all that sweet yumminess. Their French toast is the best French toast I have ever eaten! It comes with a berry topping and whipped cream, but is surprisingly not overly sweet. The two savory dishes that we have tried and loved, so far, are the egg white omelette and an eggs benedict special. . . The service here is always perfect and I love that they take reservations. It's a perfect way to start the day in Vegas B)
I have been here several times and we love it!   Great food - Awesome Service and if you can get a spot on the patio on a cool evening to see the fountains at Bellagio across the street you should love it.   Feel like I left Vegas for a while!
People watching, good food, and great service!  Highly recommend.. . We made a reservation for 9:00am and asked for the patio once we got here.  We sat and watched people walk by while eating French toast and waffles with fresh fruit and a side of yummy bacon and fresh squeezed orange juice.  The waiters filled the water glasses constantly and we were checked on multiple times.   Fabulous ending to our vacation.
Incredible! One of the best restaurants in Las Vegas! I had the Carmelized sea scallops with pea puree and it was wonderful. We sat on the outside terrace at sunset and tourist watched! I've lived in Vegas 21 years and this is my new favorite place to go on the strip, highly recommended.
Amazing! Sooo amazing! We dined here to celebrate with a future bride. The maid of honor and matron did a fantastic job in creating a pre-fix menu for us at Mon Ami Gabi!
The food and the atmosphere were great, and the prices are pretty reasonable for a fancy strip restaurant.  They have a good gluten free menu & even have GF bread!
I had been wanting to go to Mon Ami for a while and when my dear Vanessa N suggested it for dinner, I was thrilled. We started with the Brie appetizer as suggested by our waiter (an actual French person). The roasted garlic with the cheese and the bread and the goo and the deliciousness was one of the best things I've eaten in a while. I was very sad to see it go away. I got an order of steak frites..the frites not being exactly authentic to what I've eaten  in Paris but a decent substitution. . . The dessert...berries covered in Grand Marnier....uhhhh could this BE any better? Sour cream ice cream had just the right amount of tang for the sweetness of the berries. Yum! . . What I like most about Mon Ami though is how reasonably priced it is. Sitting right on the Strip, with a view and a patio, I'd expect entrees to be in the $50 range, and ergo but somewhere I'd be dying to go. But together, appetizer, entree, dessert, tax and VERY generous tip? $50 apiece. Not bad for people watching and good food outside on LVBLVD. Tres bien.
My first time in Vegas and this was where I went for dinner. The idea of a reservation is a little bit of a joke. We had to wait for another 30 minutes or so. I suppose it might have been longer if we didn't have a reservation, but it didn't seem to make a difference. .       That aside, I loved the food, service, and decor. The place definitely reminded me of the restaurant Amelie would go to with her parents when she was younger ( or i'm remembering another french movie...either way I loved the dark wood and black and white tiled floors.)  The place was packed but our service was great, I can't remember what his name is now but waters were filled our orders were taken and plates removed in a very timely manner. .        The food: Scallop entree, Steak and frites entree, and Chicken Pate appetizer, all delicious.  I would recommend all three items again. I want to go back and just have the exact same dinner again with a glass of rose.
I absolutely loved this restaurant. The service was great, the location was perfect, and the food was excellent.  My guy and I both decided to go for breakfast one of the mornings we vacationed there in Vegas.  We both got the Belgian waffles - different versions, his with blueberries and mine with mixed berries.  Absolutely delicious!  I also got a side of chicken sausage which was also very delicious and had a nice spicy taste to it.  Wait service was also on point and our waitress was very quick and timely with our orders.  We hardly had to wait a moment and our food was out.  The view is also great.  We sat outside which had an excellent view of the Bellagio water fountain.  I can't tell you how beautiful it is to watch the fountain show while feasting on some waffles.  Great times.  If you are worried about the heat from eating outside (we went in August), not to worry.  There are fans with mists to keep you cool.  It was 100 degree weather and it still felt absolutely pleasant sitting there.  I would suggest to anyone to try there when in Vegas, especially for breakfast.
J'adore Mon Ami Gabi. The whipped cauliflower is to die. My fiance and I shared the seafood platter - fresh, flavorful, and enough to feed two people. Ambiance is very romantic and it's also good for intimate groups. We are definitely going back for our mini-moon!
Ordered the following, all of which were delicious: . Poached egg, kale and bacon salad . Baked Brie with garlic and honey . Salmon and quinoa . Chicken pate . . I've always loved this restaurant when i lived in Vegas, but I think it's become my favorite one especially because they are gluten free friendly. They have a gluten free menu and are also able to modify recipes to be gluten free! . . Everything was tasty. My family even had food off the gluten free menu and they couldn't tell the difference! The gluten free menu comes with gluten free bread, butter, and olives to start. . . I'm definitely eating here each time I come to Vegas!
Came back, because I have fallen in love with this place, and will come every time I am in Vegas.  I had the quiche lorraine this time, and WOW!!!!!!  Ohhhh so amazing!! The Hubby had the blue berry waffle/pancake (can't remember) but I do remember it being amazing!! Soooooo blueberry -eeeee and made well.  They offered to send us with coffee to go!! They are the best!!
The Seafood Crepe was amazing!
One of my favorite lunch spots in Vegas!
One of my favs in Vegas, I go here every time I am in town.  I love the coffee and always bring some home.  Everything on the menu is fabulous love the ambiance and the service is always superb.
Great food and ambience.
I have loved this place for years. It never lets you down. Perfect spot for a date, bday anniversary. The trick is to make a reservation, but show up about 30min early and request the outdoor patio that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. You can not reserve them, it's by list only. Worst case scenario, list is too long, you already have your reservation in place for regular dinning. Amazing French food without the over the top French prices.
We both work in the industry. We were 20 minutes late, our Party was 30 minutes late. We made them move us 3 freaking times to the Perfect patio table. All 4 of us enjoyed our meals. Their patience for our bullshit was immaculate. I'd have been pissed off if they did this to me.
Their filet mignon elicited a visceral reaction that will never be matched. I thought I'd had the best steak on earth before visiting Las Vegas, but apparently I was very, very wrong. People like to throw around the term "melt in your mouth," but it will never ring truer than at Mon Ami Gabi.
This is a favorite spot for office lunch celebrations.  We always ask for outdoor seating because you can't beat the view of the Bellagio fountains or the people watching.  I ordered the lobster roll at the suggestion of our waitress.  The toasted brioche roll was delicious.  As a group we also ordered the country pate and the liver pate.  Not something I would generally order but of the two I enjoyed the spiciness of the country pate.  For desert I recommend the warm chocolate tart.  There were five of us and it was about $30 a piece.  Not bad for a patio lunch in the middle of the week.  Service as always was A+.
One of the greatest French steak restaurants that my entire family enjoyed! We were looking for an affordable place to dine since Vegas buffets are fairly overpriced (and worth it), we decided to try out Mon Ami Gabi. It's located right at the main front of Paris Resort and Casino. It has indoor dining with an intimate feel with dim lighting and candles as the table's centerpiece, but it was really cold from their AC given with Vegas' scorching hot weather during the summer. We opted to dine outdoors since it has the breeze of the AC from inside the restaurant as well as the misting fan for outdoor dining. Outdoor dining is great with the front view of the Bellagio's fountains and pedestrians walking by. The wait wasn't as long (15 minutes) since we had dinner right at 5pm.. . The pricing is very affordable for steak and comes with a variety of selections. I had the Steak Bernaise (popular choice) and it was so delicious. Their sauce that comes with the entree compliments with the steak. Mon Ami Gabi's steak pricing is a minimum at $20s range and the Steak Bernaise was in its $20s range. Great pricing for a steak with quality! The entire time, I was pleased to see how much my family enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi. Their steak frites was pretty good, not the usual side orders of fries as it was thin and crispy. Their in-house french baguette was hot and fresh that my sister had to ask for seconds. My nephew had the Fish and Chips, but it was not the usual fish battered fish and chips. The fish came as a patty form which was well done and not the typical deep fried fish and came with frites. Mon Ami Gabi has received two thumbs up from our family. Definitely will come back to Mon Ami Gabi next time we come to Vegas.
Spectacular! French bistro food at its best! We were fortunate enough to get the patio seating overlooking the Bellagio Fountains so nothing to complain there. The weather was gorgeous. Our server was friendly. And the food was delish! My aunt is vegetarian so she had the veggie platter......wonderful flavours. My cheeseburger with blue cheese was perfection, hubby's steak was cooked just right, Uncle's chicken was tender. For dessert I had the creme brulee which was good but the star dessert was my aunt's white chocolate bread pudding with caramel sauce.....TO DIE FOR!
LOVED LOVED LOVED the food, great service, but.... You've gotta go at night and sit outside so you can see the Bellagio Watershow while eating but this is Vegas so even at 10pm it's still 90 degrees and kinda hard to enjoy their delicious steak in the heat.  I could never imagine eating on the patio for lunch but maybe a quick drink in the afternoon would be alright.  They do have indoor seating but what makes this expensive meal worth it is the view of the strip, so go late, hope it's a cool night, enjoy the view and LOVE your steak.
Love love love. Cute and classy interior, amazing bread in the beginning, the escargot (which I told myself years ago I would never ever eat) was to die for, and just everything was delish. The price is fair and the service great!
This place always seemed so touristy and theme-park like that I was reluctant to try it. I didn't expect to find such a gem! . . The food: . I started with onion soup, one of the best I've ever had. It was comparable to those I had in Paris.. . For the main course, I had salmon with terragon sauce on a bed of pureed peas, topped with arugula. This is one of the best salmon dishes I have ever had, very well done. It was flavorful, complex, and well-balanced. This was like Spring on a plate. I loved the fresh terragon cream sauce, it was zesty and refreshing. The salmon was cooked to perfection, slightly crackly and crispy on the outside, moist and tender inside. I have tried to replicate this a couple times at home unsuccessfully. Oh well, guess I will just have to come back here! . . For dessert, I had a warm pear and rhubarb cobbler a la mode. It is possibly the best non-chocolate dessert I've ever had. In classic French style, they had poached the fruit in red wine, which gave it a wonderful flavor. Also, I like my desserts very sweet, and this cobbler hit the spot.. . Ambience: We chose to sit in the covered/indoor patio. It is beautifully French. Very classic bistro style. They also have a very French cafe-style outdoor patio overlooking the sidewalk. The view of the Bellagio fountains across the street is also memorable. . . Service: friendly, but often hard to get your server's attention. Maybe they should have more servers working so they can be more attentive.. . BOTTOM LINE: amazing fresh modern French cuisine and wonderful ambience make for a memorable experience. You'll think you've been transported to a Parisian bistro/cafe (seriously).
Came here by reservation and it was surprisingly not that busy. I hear that the outdoor seating is a better choice since you get to see the Bellagio fountains across the street but I also noticed the water misters were on and the occasional breeze may spray onto your food and drinks. Nevertheless, the food was pretty amazing. I had the Gabi's fish and frites and the texture of the fried fish was similar to a crab! My friend got the grilled salmon salad and man was it big. I'm not a fan of cooked salmon so I didn't taste it, but my friends liked it! For dessert, I tried the banana foster crepe, SO GOOD but SO SWEET. Your mouth will be coated with caramel goodness for longer than you want. But it was all worth it.
Loved this restaurant. Food, location and ambiance.....all wonderful. Didn't get to sit on patio because of the rain, but still had a wonderful view of the fountains at the Bellagio!!!!
Love, love, love this place! Really great and even affordable food, lovely outdoor seating accompanied by amazing service. My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered; corned beef hash and eggs, croque madame, steak and eggs, chocolate-hazelnut waffles! But my absolute favorite was their escargot! I would say one of the best I've had - yes, in Vegas! Crazy! It wasn't even on the brunch menu, but they still brought it out for me, so sweet =) I love that! . (July 2012)
My all time favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! As a local, I always take my out of town company here and they never disappoint! Sit on the patio!
I don't know why it has taken me so long to write a review of this amazing consistent restaurant in Vegas.  We have spent many amazing dinners and many amazing brunches at Mon Ami Gabi, and it never disappoints in anyway.  While it now would be considered a bit older - we were staying at cosmopolitan hotel, and for old time sake - we wanted to go to Mon Ami... we were shocked that it is still 5 star all the way, and the escargot and steak frittes were as good as ever.  At the end of the 4 day trip of all the 5 star restaurants we went to, (including Gordon Ramsey's, and Mesa, etc.  and several at the Cosmo),this is still one of our favorite in Las Vegas.  Awesome, and thank you!
"Steak and entire dinner was excellent. Great service!"
This place is dynamite.  I am super-picky about restaurants after having worked in them in college and going out so much for work, and this place just knocked it out of the park.  Absolute dynamite.  The steak, the salmon appetizer, the bread and garlic mashed, everything was perfect.  They even have Dogfish Head Ale which is impossible to get west of the Mississippi River.  I can't compliment them enough.
Have I mentioned that I love this place? . . I've only been here for breakfast, so I can't speak for the dinner menu, but everything on the breakfast menu is absolutely delicious. I LOVE the chicken, brie, & apple crepe and end up ordering it every time. But based on the commentary from my dining partners, you seriously can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Even the basic fruit salad is substantial and impressive. . . When weather permits, I highly recommend sitting on the patio to enjoy the excellent view of the Las Vegas strip. . . It's also worth mentioning that everyone who works there is exceptionally nice.
Amazing restaurant, it's where I dine on the first night of every trip to Vegas. The ambiance is great, service impeccable. The French onion soup is delicious with a rich broth. The frisee salad with warm bacon vinaigrette and poached egg is a delicious brunch item. Their steaks and scallop dishes are wonderful. I suggest getting the cauliflower puree as a side rather than the frites. Wonderful wine list.
On the patio, watching the Bellagio Fountains, sampling Fine Wine and French Onion Soup....what a great way to spend an afternoon.
Been here a million times and will go back a million more.
Mon Ami Gabi is my absolute favorite restaurant when I'm in Vegas. I've been here on a number of occasions, both with my love and with his sister for a girls night. Every experience is perfect and lovely! You can't beat the view at night, as you can take in the Bellagio fountain show from the patio. It's always busy, and they don't take reservations for the patio, but if you're lucky there is a space. If you're extra lucky, bartender #86 is there. I can't recall his name, but honestly, he and his partner in crime for that particular evening showed my sister-in-law and I the most fabulous night ever. . . I can't say enough good things about this place.. . Oh, and get the white chocolate bread pudding. Just do it.
You can't say no to these amazing slabs of meat!. . I ordered the **Steak Bordelaise** which is topped with caramelized onions and accompanied by frites. The steak is incredibly tender and melts in your mouth! The sweetness from the caramelized onions blended so well with the meaty juiciness. And I couldn't stop popping those frites in my mouth, one after another. They had the perfect texture: thin and crisp yet dense in flavor.. . The **Paris Romance** cocktail, elegant and refreshing, is composed of Malibu Rum, Amaretto, a splash of pineapple juice, a dash of Grenadine, grapefruit juice, and some secret magic ingredients. Served in a chilled martini glass, it is the perfect accompaniment to such a fine-tuned meal.. . The decor and ambiance reflect classy French charm, without being overbearing in the slightest. For dinner it was dimly lit and offered a warm comforting vibe. Service was flawless, although I have to say we made it pretty easy since we all knew we wanted steak and frites. . . You will definitely get the bang for your buck here. Upscale experience but at way more reasonable prices than many other restaurants in Las Vegas. Use your $$$ for going out later that night or hitting up the tables. :). . DATE TIP: Oui oui!
only way it could be better is if it were actually in Paris.  I'm such a fan and it's the simple foods that show how they get it right.  Like their mussels and pommes frites.
This is a FANTASTIC!!!! place to be to have dinner at night request for patio seating because you will see the Bellagio water show. Excellent menu all around and the wine is fantastic!
Perfect, Prefect, Perfect... This is an amazing restaurant.  The food is perfectly made, the location is perfect and the service is perfect.  Every time I go to Las Vegas I always stop by this place for lunch.  Relax for a few hours in the outdoor seating while you see the Bellagio's fountain across the way.
What a special place. My husband and I went here after eloping. I made a note on the online reservation form that it was our post-wedding dinner and if possible, we would love a nice table. When we came for our reservation, the line extended out the door and the place was packed. I was hoping we'd just get in, because after all, I've noticed restaurants don't always pay attention to special requests. However, we were seated at a wonderful table for 2 overlooking the Bellagio. We had the honey & brie, scallops and flat iron steak -- all absolutely delicious! At the end of our meal, our waiter brought us a special cream-puff dessert and wished us the best. It was such a special dinner and we couldn't have been happier with our experience. Highly recommend.
Service 5 star: Very friendly staff. Our waiter Dimitry ("Dee") was very professional and made us feel as if we were his most important customers. He chatted the right amount and made us laugh. When I looked around I noticed that all his customers felt that way. Most people were smiling. He worked energetically as if he had just started his shift when it actually was past the end of his shift (11:30 pm). I am teaching DFSS (customer oriented products and services) and it was very interesting to me to see how he won people over (for himself and his business).. . Ambiance 5 star: If you get a table out side, then you will be presented with the Bellagio Fountain show every 15 minutes, while you are people watching. . . Food 4.5 star: Fresh and inventive. Even the burgers are special.. . Water and bread service: Very prompt and one can easily fill up quickly on the tasty hot baguettes. . . Furniture 2 star: The outside furniture is very flimsy and cheap.
Wonderful!  Wait for an outside table. Eggs Benedict was amazing!
This place has over 3000+ yelp reviews so we decided to come here. Best place on the strip, nice ambiance and great food. I ordered the grilled salmon and spinach salad and my bf got the Chicken Grandmere- food was excellent and the waiter was very attentive. Price is good too!
Server is really nice, food amazing!!! I can't say enough how I enjoyed it!!! You gotta come and try it by yourself. The pancakes are awesome as well as the onion soup.
This is the best restaurant in Las Vegas. I am still sitting at the table and leaving a review so people can come experience this! Lol. We had the Salmon Tartine w flat fries and the Blueberry French Toast. Rich food, beautiful atmosphere friendly staff that says "Bonjour" upon greeting us. So affordable, much more for your money!
I have been fortunate enough to have had some of the best steaks in the world. From The New York Grill in Tokyo to Peter Lugers in New York. My fillet mignon from Mon Ami Gabi was one of the best, if not "THE" best, I've ever had. My girlfriend had the steak tartare which was also outstanding. Ambiance - 5 stars. (six stars if you can get patio seating on a nice night like we did). The service was prompt and pro. I look forward to coming here again ever time I visit Las Vegas.
This place is excellent - I ordered the chicken grandmere (a roasted chicken) and I never thought I could like a piece of chicken that wasn't deep fried so much.  It was juicy and flavorful and came with a side pr sauteed mushrooms and potatoes.   . . My girlfriend ordered the salmon salad.  I hate fish, but actually considered ordering some more salmon after I ate hers.  . . The best part of the meal had to be the Sangria (called Frangria there, probably becuase its a French restaurant or something).  The best part about it was that it was in a glass separate from the ice to prevent dilution, which is vital with sangria.  For $8 it was the equivalent of 2 glasses at most other places and was one of the best I've ever had.. . This is a restaurant that everyone should check out while in Vegas.  It is located right across from the Bellagio fountains at the Paris Hotel so you can get a view of the water show as you eat.
Been here each time I have been to Vegas.  Casual dining with a great outdoor area.  If it's too hot, they have mist sprayers!. . Service is great no matter what time of day you go.  They are open late for those late night "I've gambled for 48 hours let me get breakfast?" cravings!  Lots of French cuisine to choose from.. . Recommend the ham & cheese crepe.  So delicious!
Excellent place.  I admit, I came here for the name - I loved the name and then viewed the menu and it was clear I was going to be a guest here prior to me leaving Vegas.  It's a great atmosphere smart casual and the service is quite lovely.  Very relaxing time with great food and I will certainly return
Great atmosphere. Great view. Great drinks. GREAT FOOD.There is nothing that disappoints me more than paying $$$ for a mediocre meal. Mon Ami Gabi always lives up to my Vegas expectations. This place was such a treat. I enjoyed some fresh oysters, shrimp cocktails, house baked bread and a main course while sipping on "Frangria" (a french sangria) and enjoying the Bellagio water view. You can enjoy a dinner with friends or a romantic dinner with your significant other!
Suffice to say the food being excellent is an absolute given. From seafood to salad and steaks to dessert there wasn't a single misstep. We were absolutely fat and happy when we left.. . What I think makes this a must-stop is the SERVICE. There's something so effortless in the way they greet you, move around the tables and anticipate your needs. We had 9 people and felt like we were at a private party with the way our glasses were kept full, our picky needs were met (two steak sauces for everyone? absolutely) and table clearing attended to - especially when we shattered a wine glass. . . I really believe they enjoy what they do and it comes across from every corner of the beautiful place. It feels like you are in very capable hands - which makes good dining what it should be - an absolute pleasure.. . Je t'aime, Gabi!
My boyfriend and I came here for lunch on my birthday and I have to say I was really impressed. The wait staff was very attentive and the food was amazing. I've never had french food but was not at all disappointed. Highly recommend dining al fresco here.
I love this place and so does everyone else... Be absolutely sure to make a reservation.  Everything on the menu... C'est magnifique!  It's not cheap but very reasonable compared to La Tour Eiffel (~same food).  Oh yes, the service... Tres bien!
Fantastic!  Don't miss eating here..we had 2 breakfasts and lunch and should have gone there for dinner as well...fabulous food..fabulous service and great atmosphere...there is always a line for street seating but they have a room with all glass so you are enjoying the outdoors just as well and no lines...indoor seating is just as nice..loved it!!!!
Great place!  I had 7:15pm reservations and arrived at 7:40pm.  They had my table ready despite the long line.  That was great!  Ask to sit in the cafe area if you aren't sitting on the patio.  You can enjoy the best of both worlds (air condition and the fountains)!  We ordered the lamb and also the filet mignon and they were great!  The service was great too!  Be prepared, because some of the waiters are French and at times difficult to understand, but remember you are dining in a French Steakhouse inside of Paris restaurant!  I will be back and it was a great dinner and a great dining experience.  Prices were also responsible.  Great place to have dinner on the strip in a prime location.
First impression I got was gorgeous high ceilings and friendly, bustling staff.. . I ordered the escargot, based on the reviews, and the chicken liver mousse pate. The  first to arrive was the bread, and I have to say, for unflavoured bread (no garlic, no cheese, etc.) this was pretty fantastic. Nothing but purely delicious and fresh bread with some fresh butter! . . The escargot was soooo good, and served as amazing dipping sauce for my bread after. The liver mousse pate was amazeballs. Really. It had perfectly smooth texture and came with tiny pickles and olives that were a great offset for it.. . Would definitely come again, especially for that pate!
Great food and atmosphere!  Highly recommend  Sit outside, people watch and eat!
Booked a reservation here for 7:30 on a Thursday night and was surprised we still had to wait in line... nonetheless - it moved fairly quickly and we were seated with a cozy table on the inside corner of the main dining room.  . . My date and I ordered the warm brie for an appetizer and though he bit into a large(sexy) piece of garlic on first bite, we both agreed that the flavor was incredible.  I greedily slurped down the soup du jour - a carrot/ginger combination that went down like baby food - and ordered the filet mignon au poivre for my main course.  To die for.  The meat was cooked to order and I was only saddened that I couldn't finish because I was so full!  He had the NY strip prepared with carmelized onion and red wine sauce - and it too was amazing.  Both meats were served with the best hand-cut frites I've ever tasted... both crunchy and soft, flavored and oh so yummy... I'd go back just for those.  . . We shared a bottle of Cotes Du Rhone and skipped dessert because we'd made reservations upstairs for Pistachio Souffle at the Eiffel. . . Excellent meal.  Romantic night setting.  Could have been the company, but I'd definitely return.
The view of the fountains was the reason we wanted to eat here. It was fantastic. The food was so good too! . . The baked goat cheese appetizer was amazing, mashed cauliflower was also very good!! And the steak I ordered was great topped with goat cheese. The champagne and coffee we had were also very good!!! . .  This was the best place we ate at the entire trip! Would high recommend!!! . . They do take reservations but not for the patio. We had a reservation but they were able to accommodate out requests for the patio with no wait! Staff is all very friendly!!!
My wife and I ate here almost our whole week for breakfast. This place is PERFECT!!! The wait staff is great, the food is incredible and the prices are reasonable for what you get. The people watching is also pretty good. I wish this place was by my house, I would go here daily
Had our 30th wedding anniversary dinner at Mon Ami Gabi and all I can say is WOW!. Staff was great as was the food. Be sure to get there early to sit on the patio along Las Vegas Blvd!  Life doesn't get any better.
We've eaten there more than once and French food isn't easy to find where we live. The fresh French bread is killer to start the meal. I'd order a bucket of mussels, escargots and skate wings. When was the last time you saw skate wings on a menu?. Great view, great service. My French place to go now.
Amazing....the food and service were outstanding!!!
I am a Vegas local that manages top restaurants, lounges and nightclubs on the strip (not associated with Mon Ami Gabi or it's parent company) and I happy to refer to Mon Ami Gabi as my favorite "go-to" restaurant in Las Vegas. . . I have eaten at this restaurant more than any other local establishment. I get comps at other locations and pay full price at Mon Ami Gabi and yet I still choose to go there. Food, service and atmosphere are that good. It's my spot and hey always treat me well. . . Have never had mediocre or bad service. They are very attentive and the floor runs like a well oiled machine. This place puts some serious numbers through the doors on a daily basis. Large space and you will find that every table is sat for dinner seven days a week. I suggest a reservation. They do not take reservations for the outside terrace on the strip that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. Although a true local will figure out ways to get a spot out there w/o waiting with the tourists. . . A must try is the "Baked Cheese" appetizer. It is a heaping piece of warm goat cheese in an amazing red Italian sauce and spices. Comes with two pieces of fresh warm garlic bread. This has got to be one of the best appetizers in the city! . . They also have great oysters. Always order half a dozen as an appetizer. Tasty! . . The steaks are the winner here. They are as good as the meat served in the finest steakhouses in the top casinos. Order mushrooms or creamy spinach as a side. Two - three people can share a side item. Save room for dessert as that is also the bomb! . . Only have three minor complaints - . 1) Tables in front of the kitchen doors are not ideal and very annoying. Refuse to be sat there as he swinging door will open and close hundreds of times during your meal. . 2) The paper on the table tops is tacky. We deserve a cloth. You can afford to change them.. 3) BRING BACK THE FISCHER BEER!!. . That is it. The price is super affordable and reasonable. Try Mon Ami Gabi and I promise you will not be mad about your decision. If you frequent this establishment than consider becoming a member of the Frequent Diners Club. Really pays off!. . I am going to try brunch for the first time since moving here seven years ago. Stay tuned for that review...
I absolutely love this place. The Frites are amazing and even the snails are pretty dang good. . The food is great, but truly the atmosphere is what is special about this place. The patio is a perfect place to watch all the people of the strip and the crazy action as well as having a front row seat to the bellagio fountain show. The patio is so chill as well. It's the perfect place to have lunch, have a glass of wine, and relax under the umbrellas. This strip is truly one of the few places I will face the strip, tourists, and walking through the Paris casino.
For the price phenomenal food!  Beautiful views of the fountains and also great central location on the strip!  I have yet to have one bad thing here and all three dining occasions were amazing!
Looking for a nice breakfast/brunch meal?!?!? YOU need to try this place. I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS ABOUT THIS PLACE BUT I AM ABSOLUTELY IN LOVE! Everytime I come back to Vegas, I HAVE TO come eat at this place. Why you say?? Its just soooo romanticccccccccccc! :D Lucky us, boyfriend and I always get seated where we have a good view of the Bellagio Fountains and its just so relaxing! . . The service is pretty awesome too and the food..the food is just so delicious. I love everything they have here and everything just tastes good! Their breakfast brunch menu is so appealing, I want to order everything on the menu! I've try their benedicts and they are all delicious! Good portion for a morning meal and prices aren't too bad too..considering its at Vegas and in "Paris" haha. But its a perfect place for you and a loved one to enjoy because it is just so pleasant and everyone is to themselves. . . FOOD! Seriously. Don't read the reviews, look at the photos! They have these pomme frites that are just simply mouth watering! This place is exactly what pleases my taste pallet and I will keep coming back everytime I drop by in Vegas. Must try!!!!
Celebrated my Valentines dinner here with a beautiful view, wonderful service, and unbelievable food! The taste of that hanger steak and frites still lingers in my memory, each and every day........ This place has made it's way to the top of my "must dos in Vegas". . . Until we meet again, hanger steak..... Au revoir :')
Amazing service, love the view of the Bellagio's waterfall and the food was delicious!! Will definitely come back to you guys!
Good food, great service - the balcony has got the best view of Bellagio water show.  I tried the escargot for the first time there.  Loved it!
This is my go to place for the last 12 years, consistent with their dishes and amazing wine selection.For my large groups of 150 or more to my family dinners consisting of 6 ppl, the food tastes exactly the same. Great prices for a strip restaurant. must have appitizer Liver Mousse Pate, and steak bordelaise is my favorite. When it's a diet free day I'll ask for roquefort sauce for my pomme frittes. Best dish on their Plats Du Jour is the Beef Wellington. (Was on Thursdays, now on Sundays) . . TIP-. **If you haven't tried the Shrimp Gabi appitizer, you can still order it. Even though its been off the menu for years***
This review is in regards to breakfast. . . I'm a local living close to the strip and this is my favorite place to go for breakfast here in Vegas. The quality of the food per the price is just fantastic. Their breakfast menu is decent and the daily special(s) never disappoint. I've yet to have a sub par meal! I love sitting outside as the sun rises; it's a very peaceful taste of the strip.. . Pro-tip: if it's a rough morning, the large latte is 3 shots of espresso and served in a bowl!. . Yesterday's meal wooed me enough to finally write my first review, ever. I couldn't decide between the 2 daily specials so I got a half order of each. (They can split anything on the breakfast menu except the waffles.). . First, I had the "skinny pancakes" aka lemon brushed caramelized crepes with vanilla poached pears, seared figs, and fresh whipped cream. It was literally todie for!!. . Second, I had the crab cake eggs benedict with hash browns and they were amazing! Eggs benedict is my go-to breakfast order and any of the eggs benedict here never disappoint!
View amazing! Food amazing! Good for breakfast after a long night at the club!! Make a reservation for the patio at dinner.
Out favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas. Wait for an outside table, get a Bellini, some coffee and the ham and cheese crepes. We always eat here when we come to Vegas.
This review is for the breakfast.  Absolutely LOVED it!  I came in on a Sunday at 9:30 and was scared since there was a line out the door.  However, when I got to the hostess desk she told me I could be seated right away inside or there would be a 10 minute wait for the patio.  Patio, of course!  It's a great place to people watch.  . . Everything was super on point and the hostess was super nice like asking questions.  Service was also very very nice and everything seemed busy around but it never felt rushed.  I ordered the mixed berry waffles and bf had the eggs Benedict.  Coffees and waters were kept filled and the food came out in a timely manner.  The food itself though was SO good!  The waffles came in 4 pieces with very fresh pieces of fruit.  The waffle batter was nice and thin and stayed crisp on the edges even after I poured syrup on it!  It came with a nice side of whipped cream.  I ordered a side of date bacon and it was so delicious.  It tasted sweet and crisp.  I had a bite of the bf's benedict and he also loved it.  It came with a side of hash browns.. . Prices were very reasonable for Vegas food.  I will definitely eat here for dinner next time and try the steak!!
Love the ambience, service and food! Patio great!
One of my most favorite places on the strip. I highly suggest the french onion soup and an early reserved seat on the patio!!
I finally ate here today!  For many years, I would walk by and hope that I could get a table on the Terrace and watch the action on the Strip.   Today was my day!. . At 3.00, I was walking by and saw a great table open on the Terrace.  Within minutes, I grabbed it and began my wonderful evening of drinking Whiskey, eating an excellent Steak Frites Plate (French style Steak and Fries) and savoring a Banana Foster's Crepe........while daydreaming and checking out the beautiful Bellagio Fountain Show (5 times) and enjoying the cool people watching on the Amazing Strip.. . This was one of most entertaining afternoons on the Strip.  If you can, you must do this once....its worth the entire trip to Vegas!
Boyfriend and I ate here after seeing Jersey Boys. After our horrible lunch at Sugar Factory my BF was a little apprehensive eating inside theParis hotel again. I told him I was hungry and we found this place. We had one of the best burgers ever. The fries were not my cup of tea because they really thin like chips but they were still good. Nice atmosphere and perfect ending to our date night.
Might be one of the best #foodielicious scallop dishes I have ever eaten in my lifetime. The scallops were cooked to perfection and served with vegetables that were co-stars in the show. I don't like peas, but the pea puree was incredible. I wanted to lick my plate! If you do anything or order anything...order and eat the caramelized sea scallops. If I was in Vegas right now I would go to dinner and eat the scallops.. . What made the scallops even better...the service was impeccable and the view was 5 stars! Our server was Assaouir and she knows her stuff. I ordered the scallops and she new the perfect wine to pair with the dish. She was so friendly and had excellent knowledge of the food and wine. . . And if the food quality and service is not good enough for you...go for the view! We sat on the patio and had a view of the strip sitting underneath the Eiffel Tower and across the street from the Bellagio fountain show. Every 10-15 minutes a new song and fountain show was entertaining us. . . Oh, and not to be forgotten is the fresh french baguettes that are served with delish butter. We also ordered dessert...this menu is top notch! The service was on par and the view is world class and classic Vegas. But the sea scallops...they were the star of the show! Don't miss this place...it's worth every penny!
I've had a lot of Filet Mignons and this is one of the best filets I've ever had. The atmosphere is beautiful and prices are on par with other upscale steakhouses. Don't miss out on the creme brulee!
Some of the best French toast I have ever had! The blueberry syrup and whipped cream made it even more perfect.
Excellent.  Our server was wonderful and very helpful.  Food was delicious. I had pan seared scallops and I ate them in about 4 minutes.
I like the desserts menu. Great place to have family time
A wonderful breakfast/brunch experience. Menu is varied, but dedicated to french inspired cuisine. The food pays close attention to detail and offers fresh ingredients and creative cuisine. Service is good and the restaurant can accommodate large parties. I highly encourage you to try Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast.
The perfect place for a romantic 30th wedding anniversary dinner.  Food and service was superb!  Thank you Mon Ami Gabi!
TIP: Make a reservation on OpenTable to avoid a long wait!  Just note that your reservation will NOT apply to patio seating, but you can just cross the street after dinner to watch the Bellagio fountains.. . My sister raved about this place, so we had to try it out.  She wasn't wrong - Mon Ami Gabi is exceptionally well-priced for the strip and the quality of the food.  The complimentary French bread was addictive and our steaks and wine were fantastic.  The tables are a bit close to each other (especially when there is an obnoxious group of 16 seated next to you), but the service was excellent and attentive.  Highly recommended!
Second trip in 5 months.  This place is no fluke.  Impeccable service, the eggs Benedict and accompanying potatoes were superb.  As was the mimosa.. . Also lucked out.  Had reservations for 9 a.m. on Saturday for breakfast.  Once there, I took the chance of asking if a table was available on the patio (it was a gorgeous morning but the patio did look full).  We were led to a table front and center on the patio. Never hurts to ask!  Great experience.
Wonderful location.  Personable service. Arrive early for patio seating.  Escargot is great.  Dip the bread in the sauce. The oysters were very good.  Ordered the filet with red wine sauce. All staff was very attentive.  Had a very enjoyable date!
When I come to Vegas, I always pay a visit to Mon Ami Gabi. I make sure to make reservations, and even then there is often a small wait. This place has a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain show from the patio. The inside seating is more classy and formal. Service is excellent. They even come around to scrape the bread crumbs off the table.. . I always order the filet mignon with red wine reduction sauce, which is one of the best I've eaten anywhere. It is so soft and melts in your mouth. It comes with a generous side of frites as well, which are pretty good, but nothing too special. My parents got the lobster tail, which was so fresh and sweet. Their caramelized scallops appetizer is to die for as well.
Fabulous cuisine and wine selection. I've been here twice now and will continue to visit everytime I am in Vegas. The steak is fantastic and the tomato sauce with goat cheese appetizer is to die for. The service is great and the waiters are very knowledgable about wine selection.
We ate here back in May and loved it. My husband ordered the lemon pancakes, they are not your everyday pancakes of course, a cross between a regular American pancake and an a crepe it was divine. I ordered the salmon eggs Benedict and it was delicious. They have a great Bloody Mary bar, we sat outside on the terrace enjoyed a lovely breakfast people watching. This place is always busy I recommend you make reservations.
OH MY GOSH........ :)))))) YUM!. . Every time I visit Las Vegas (at least once a year) I have to eat at Mon Ami Gabi or I'll get EXTREMELY GRUMPY AND UPSET.  The taste and price for the courses are unbeatable!  If you get a good seat on the patio you could watch the water show at Caesar's Palace - really romantic!  I've been here for anniversaries, birthdays, New Years, and well... any time I can actually.  . . My two favorite must-have dishes are:. . FILET MIGNON MERLOT. For steak, you MUST order this particular entree.  It is the only one I love to eat and only $35.   Compared to the other steak restaurants in Vegas this is a fantastic deal and the red wine reduction sauce is savory and not too heavy.  All steak dishes come with some crunchy thin steak frites that were kind of weird at first but I eventually learned to love.  Please order this!  I've tried almost all of them and the Filet Mignon Merlot is the best!. . BAKED GOAT CHEESE. I recently had this dish and for something so simple I was blown away.  All it is is delicious goat cheese in a warm tomato soup served with fresh garlic bread.  I was so heartbroken when I couldn't eat this again because I was short on time my last trip :(.  This is an amazing starter/appetizer  I am determined to order it on my next visits to LV.. . The free bread and dip they serve at the beginning of the meal is delicious as well.  Almost everything I've tried here was made to perfection and I was never disappointed.  . . CHEF TERRY LYNCH... THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for your expertise and wonderful talent.  You are truly a culinary genius and it's no wonder this place got such rave reviews.  The truth is.... I FREAKING LOVE YOU!  There, I said it.
I went here at the end of June this year with my family to celebrate my parents' 28th wedding anniversary with them. The wait to be seated inside was long so we decided to be seated in the patio area, even though it was a typical hot summer day in Vegas. What was nice was the table umbrella kept most of shaded and the breeze was nice that day. The four of us who got steaks loved our plates. My parents also enjoyed their seafood plate. The bread and paste that we had for starters was also delicious. The overall ambience was nice. It is Parsian themed afterall! What made the evening even more special was the water show going off at the Bellagio. We had a pretty nice view of the show. I would definitely eat here again.
Fabulous food!  Great place to people watch since you can sit right outside.  Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains!  I highly recommend the mussels and the sangria!!
The food, service and atmosphere are all top notch!  We waited for an outside table on a sunny Friday afternoon and were not disappointed by the whole experience.   . I'm not sure how anyone pays attention to the Bellagio fountain across the street with the amazing people watching opportunities right in front of you.  . Our waiter was fantastic.  He helped us with our meal decisions (my husband had escargot and I had the baked goat cheese) and was overall super pleasant.. This place is run really well.  There is staff all over talking into earpieces making sure everyone is being taken care of.. The best best best thing about our whole experience was the white chocolate bread pudding with homemade caramel sauce.  So good. . But we are definitely going back for another meal and will for dure end thst one with the warm chocolate cake!
Delicious food, great selections, great wine/drink list and awesome strip views! Prices REASONABLE for the location. Great for a date or just dinner out with friends.
Husband and I shared the Prime Rib because it was HUGE and awesomely good!  We loved the atmosphere and the waitstaff was great!
Why 5 starrs?. . It's actually kind of difficult to find a nice restaurant with a patio on the strip, and this place is your answer. Great food, great prices, and PLENTY of patio seating. . . I had the scallop appetizer ($13) with 3 scallops in lemon butter sauce with melted cheese. I'll pay that price for scallops all day. Also had the french onion soup and was delicious. Other had the chicken mushroom crepe and it was a winner. The food itself is probably not worth 5 stars, but the overall experience was.
Excellent food and service!!!!!
The food is very good, the prices fair and the atmosphere can't be beat!  The staff is friendly and efficient.  My personal fave is the Florentine Benedict.  This is a go to spot for us every time we are in Vegas!. Tip: Use Open Table to reserve your table before walking over!
Absolutely wonderful,,
What hasn't been said about this wonderful restaurant? The bread, French onion soup, escargot, and steak frites were all delicious. Those not willing to pay for a good meal should stay away.
My wife and I just celebrated our seventh anniversary at Mon Ami Gabi.  The food, service, atmosphere, and wine selection are among the best in a city that is not hurting for good restaurants.  Breakfast and lunch are quite good here but for a special night out, a bottle of French red on the table and the spectacular water fountains of the Bellagio hotel just across the street - it is very hard to beat.  We had the goat cheese appetizer and shared the chilled seafood platter with a couple of vegetable side dishes served a la carte.  I want to go back and try the Grandmere chicken specialty dish some time.  Service was attentive and prompt.  The dining room was bustling but never felt too loud or crowded and every table had a great view of the fountains.  Couldn't ask for a better night out.  We will be back.
Mon Ami Gabi is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I have eaten there at least 25 times over the years that it has been open.  It's great for a group of friends, a date or families.  It has one of the most unique views in town and a genuine French feel.  I am not familiar enough with French food to say whether it is authentic or not, but I can say that all the food is awesome.  Even the French bread that comes with every meal is great.  . The patio doesn't take reservations so if you are in a hurry ask for atrium seating otherwise the patio is worth the wait!
our favorite restaurant.  haven't had a bad meal there ever. for the price and atmosphere can't beat it.  my favorite is lunch.  eat on the patio, overlooking the bellagio fountain show, crepes and escargot.  Yum, and so cheap for what you experience.
Effeciency of ordering and care... Hiccough only with reservation when I arrived which was quickly amended... Great food and view
The service was more than amazing and some of the best steaks around. Every local should give it a shot, the prices are well worth it and it's not insanely priced like most strip restaurants. We'll be back in two weeks with our family.
My Spouse and I found ourselves "starving" in Vegas on a Saturday evening and after being told that it was at least an hour wait at several other locations, we happened to stroll by Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris where we have had a few delicious lunches but never Dinner so we decided to give it a shot even though we expected another long wait at this very popular place,... Much to our surprise the very friendly hostess said "we can seat you right now"!!! We looked at each others inappropriate Athletic/Dinner wear, laughed and said "what the heck" as we followed our hostess to our table and prepared to get snotty looks...No way, not one look, instead we got just friendly smiles and great service. We hadthe Onion Soup,Salad,Salmon & the Rib Eye. Our server recommeded a perfect wine and dark beer that we both fell in luv with and that I can't remember the name of  but intend to someday...I really enjoy a good french bistro and this place does not dissapoint.
Come here every time that I am in Vegas. You just cannot beat the combination of amazing food, gorgeous views of bellagio and very reasonable prices. Service is phenomenal as well. I would highly recommend the scallops here, also escargot is excellent.
Delicious!!!  Came here for sister's birthday dinner following a relaxing spa treatment.. We ate salads, soups, desserts and main courses which we all thoroughly enjoyed...our friend, married to a gentleman from France, gave her stamp of approval, so we knew it had to be quite good! Some noteable items:  the frisee/kale salad with bacon, topped with a perfectly poached egg, was seasoned to perfection. I didn't want the salad to end.  The fries were like big potato shavings, fried to a delightful crisp with the right amount of salt.  I could not stop eating them...and poached some from a friend's plate even after the meal was through.   The French onion soup: divine, with caramelized onions melting in your mouth, rich, savory flavor, with gooey melted cheese......yum!!! Quite perfect for a fall evening.  Our waiter was so attentive and kind.  He selected a few desserts for my sister's bday treat--white chocolate bread pudding with butterscotch sauce and vanilla ice cream, lemon tart with sour cream ice cream...mmmm mmmmm.  He and the desserts also get 5 stars!  What way to finish the meal and slip into a food coma!
Romantic and incredible view of the Bellagio fountains if you request a table outside. The food was delicious and the server was fun and attentive.  Though it was quite a wait, it was totally worth it (we were seated within the estimated wait time).  I'm making this restaurant a must-do on all my future trips to Vegas.   Great memory!
It doesn't get much better than a birthday dinner in Paris; especially when you don't have to go through customs to enjoy it!. . The incomparable Jonathan D. made reservations at this Strip landmark in advance.  However,  upon arrival we were thrilled to discover that a patio table dead center across the street from the Bellagio fountains was available.  The time? 7pm. The time the Bellagio fountain show starts? 7pm.  Yes, please.  I dined on the Catch of the Day, Arctic Char.  It was delicate and delectable. Mmm. Jonathan enjoyed the house specialty of Steak & Frites.  I'm not much of a carnivore, but dang that was some amazing steak.  Above all else, the service was impeccable and I look forward to our next trip to Paris someday!
Amazing!! I'm normally not a huge breakfast person, but my girlfriend and I went there for brunch before a long workday. I ordered the spinach and asparagus omelet and she got the mushroom omelet.  Both were so delicious! Then we splilt the blueberry french toast-definitely would recommend this for sweet lovers! Blueberry syrup sounded strange to me...boy was I wrong! Topped with fresh blueberries and whipped cream, we were in heaven! . Service was prompt and they kept our coffees filled. Best food I've had in Vegas by far. Loved it!!
I was not expecting such a great dining experience on the strip at such an affordable price. The food is delicious, the decor is beautiful and the fountains are RIGHT THERE!. . I highly recommend this place.
We love this place and we have breakfast here every time we're in Vegas. I had the caramel apple waffle today. In a word, delicious! In our opinion, this is the best place for breakfast on the strip.
This is my wife and my go-to place when we come to Las Vegas. It gets busy and full, but not full enough you have to wait. There is romantic indoor seating, or a nice outdoor patio seating that allows for people watching.. . Food is ALWAYS good. No matter what you order you will not be disappointed.. . Service is on point as well. We absolutely cannot say enough good things about this place!!
What a great place! My boyfriend and I went here for brunch on Saturday. It's a bit of a walk inside the Paris hotel but well worth it. We were seated immediately. My boyfriend ordered the eggs Benedict while I ordered the seafood crepe. Oh my god. Both were soooooo good. The hollandaise was made perfectly and to make it requires a lot of technique and they have it down to a science. I normally don't like runny eggs but his was just delicious. The seafood crepe was filling, light, but creamy. It came with a side frisse salad which helps cut through the creaminess of the crepe. Yum yum yum!! The coffee here was really good as well - we got regular coffee and a mocha and both were just hmm mm good. The waiter was attentive and took good care of us. Everyone was so nice! I love it here. Easily my top 5 breakfast places!
Some of the things I've had here on my many visits to Vegas. . . the eggs Benedict - MUST HAVE. The chocolate croissants - DELICIOUS. Coffee and mimosas are delicious. . Crepes - so so . . Best of all the homemade butter is amazing. I've never made it out to dinner here so that's definitely on the Vegas to do list.
I would give five stars for the location alone! Located inside Paris and across the street from the Bellagio, it offers one of the best views of the fountain show and is a fantastic place to people watch. Even as the crisp winter air approaches Las Vegas, there is no excuse to not dine al fresco as the million heat lamps are out in full force.. . I made a reservation through open table for 815pm on Saturday and had no trouble changing it last minute when I realized there was no way I was going to make it. I love technology. Made another reservation for 9 and waited an extra 10 minutes (aka .53783 second in Vegas time) for patio seating. . . I ordered the salmon and my friend ordered the steak merlot and daaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn I'm hooked. The food came out perfect and I was practically drooling by the time it was in front of me. The salmon was flaky, hot, and the bed of quinoa was just the right consistency, something a lot of restaurants can't seem to manage.
Excellent service. Food was great. We sat outside and got to see the fountains at the Bellagio several times.
Great service, great food, and great company. What more is there to say?
I came here for dinner with a group of 10 girlfriends for my Bachelorette Party back in June. The bread is to die for, the food is mouth watering and the service is outstanding! If you're looking for a classy restaurant on the strip for a special occassion, this is the place to go.. . Our server Chad treated us like princesses. He was a total charmer. Timely service, delicious food, and champagne. What more could a girl ask for her bachelorette weekend? The manager even dropped by to offer a personal congratulations and ensure our experience was phenomenal.. . Thanks to them I had a filling meal for an unforgettable night!
I have been to Mon Ami Gabi four times, sitting on the patio each time and enjoyed every second each visit. A must experience with great food, service and view for a reasonable price for the amazing location! Simply perfect.
We had a great brunch. Good ambiance, service and food! Will definitely go back next time we're in Vegas.
Diner was excellent like in france! . . Do not hesitate to go for the escargot de bourgogne and moules frites, they were amazing !!!. . Price is oK, enjoy!!!
Mon Ami Gabi was by far the best restaurant I ate at in Las Vegas.. . Atmosphere: Amazing! I sat outside, and had a great view of the fountain show. It was freezing outside, but they had heat lamps. . . Service: The service was not that great. Never refilled your drinks, and the man who cleans the table, was bothering us when we were eating and taking plates away. We asked him to take a certain plate away, and he said no!. . Food: Delicious! They give you bread to start out with and it was freshly baked french bread (still warm)! I had the French Bread Pizza (because I liked their bread so much) and it was amazing! They also have very unique fries, which are very tasty. For dessert I ordered the Warm Chocolate Cake. It was amazing and melted in your mouth (shared with 3 people, it's kind of big).. . Overall, this place is great! I had to give it 5 stars for the food and atmosphere, but the service should do way better next time.
The best, reasonably priced restaurant with a view in Vegas.. . I discovered this place in July, and make a point of going back at every Vegas trip. . . It was wonderful for a birthday date with my boyfriend, and  equally wonderful for a group of girlfriends out to brunch after a night out in Vegas.. . Be sure to make a reservation, so you can sit directly in front of the Bellagio fountains as they perform every 15 minutes. The hostesses and waiters make a point to give good customer service.. . The food is delicious, and again, reasonably priced. For dinner, the customized burger is fantastic. Most meals come with a paper cone of crispy pomme frites. The bread is warm and fresh. The frangria is great as well.. . For brunch, check out the bloody Mary bar, if you have a specific way you prefer your morning alcohol made. You get a tall glass of vodka and ice, and are free to customize to your liking, with tomato juice, mix, tobasco, lettuce, bacon, and olives. The regular brunch fare (omelettes, benedicts, etc.) is delicious. . . A must-go anytime you're on the strip.
The best place in Vegas with the most beautiful view of the Bellagio. Food was great, service was excellent. The bread is too die for...all in all one of the best places on The Strip.
Very nice French style venue!  Great service!
Came here for breakfast:. Excellent coffee. Excellent baguette/butter/jam to start. Excellent dishes (eggs benedict, crepes). Excellent service.. I'll come back every time in in Vegas.
Came here for lunch and sat at the window. Strip side. Excellent warm bread to start. Had the patty melt and my husband had the . Burger. Was really delicious. Good vibe and cool bar area. Highly recommend. Place gets crowded but worth the wait.
Mon Ami Gabi is a restaurant we visit every time we visit Las Vegas. The food quality is always great, the service is always great, and the view from the patio across from the fountain at the Bellagio is excellent. The price is moderate (for Vegas) and a good value. I highly recommend a visit
Awesome food, awesome atmosphere, great staff!
We went here for our breakfast for the first time. Make sure you request to seat outside because they are right across from Belagio so you get to enjoy the water show and your meal together. What a bonus!!! . . I ordered a dozen oyster to split with my friend. It was pretty fresh. I also have coffee with my salmon Benedict. Their coffee was really good not water down at all. . . My friend had their crepe and it was delicious too. . . Service was great and food was good too. I defiantly will find myself back here again when I'm in Vegas.
OH EM GE!!! No wait for brunch at this place on a Sunday made me super happy especially since I was pretty hungry and ready for some coffee. We were given the option to decide if we wanted outdoor or indoor seating. We opted for outdoor being that it was a beautiful morning after a rainy weekend in Las Vegas. Mon Ami Gabi is located inside the Paris Resort and Casino. . . We were seated by the edge of the patio with view to the Bellagio fountain. Our waitress came over and introduced herself. She also gave us a few recommendations being that it was our first time and specials that were not on the menu. Before I knew it I had my cup of coffee in front of me and was watching one of the few fountain shows from across the street. . . I ordered the french toast. I noticed that it said it was served with blueberries and warm blueberry syrup, topped with whipped cream.. well I was a bit scared. I am not a fan of blueberries being that I was always fooled as a child (blueberry pancakes are NOT the same as chocolate chips, mom!) I decided to go for it and face my fears especially since I knew already that it was going to be full of blueberries. Lemme tell you this, it was the most perfect french toast ever that I have had in a very long time. The sweetness was done to perfection, the blueberries themselves were perfect, everything about this meal was just magical and out of this world. The french toast was cooked just right. It makes me want to cry of happiness. I could eat this all day, errday and be a happy person forever! I would HIGHLY recommend this dish. I would skip out on waiting for the buffet line any day for this dish here in Vegas. Yes, yes I am in love with this french toast. . . It was a pleasant experience and it became one of my favorite places to be at. The atmosphere, super good food and the great view made me feel like I was not in sin city. . . They also serve lunch and dinner. I would love to come back and have a glass of wine and also try out their Steak Bordelaise, Steak Au Poivre, Creme Brulee, Duck Confit & Fingerling Potato and their Escargots De Bourgogne cause sure whyyyy not.. I love this place!!
Still my favorite place in Vegas, especially for brunch! But dinner is great too! The food is the most consistent i've seen in a fairly big restaurant, that doesn't feel like it's a big place. Must go! All the steaks are fantastic!
This is a MUST!  The meal starts with a warm baguette with butter the baguette was perfect. The mushroom soup was incredible the onion soup is very good NOT sal. The goat cheese and beet salad was a little disappointing there's only like three pieces of beet, and it was mostly lettuce spinach lettuce. The next thing we had was scallops gratin the portion was very small only three scallops but extremely tasty. I had the pan fried whitefish with a mushroom puree and some roasted vegetables with nuts, it was incedible!!!!. . J-Sun endorsed
I would absolutely recommend this! Service was great & the food even better!!! Never had to wait for our food!! You get what you pay for here!!!
Best ribeye I've ever tasted.. . Came here with the boyfriend for a nice dinner while on vacation and had my socks blown off by the ribeye. It was cooked perfectly, with a nice sear on the outside. The boyfriend ordered the beef wellington and it was incredible, as well.. . Wish I remembered the name of our server because he was amazing!! Sent us a dessert on the house because he thought we were cute :) Too sweet!
My favorite place to eatat the Vegas Strip. The food is great, relatively inexpensive and super delicious though I am afraid many agree with me on this and that is why there is always a little bit of a wait. . . How is this for a brunch french onion soup, seafood Crepe and then creme brulee?. . The best part about this restaurant is that from the patio you can see the Belagio fountains while you enjoy your dinner. . . Mon Ami Gabi is part of Paris Casino, which happens to have a monorail stop.
It doesn't get any better than Mon Ami! Delicious food,wonderful service,spectacular views! Love the new baked shrimp,as well as the chocolate pecan tart. Thank you Nancy.
Thank you to my fellow Yelp-ers for helping me to find this spot! Found myself in Vegas needing a restaurant that "takes reservations" was "good for groups" with an "average noise level" and Mon Ami Gabi popped up. Everyone pointed out the option to dine out of doors and watch the Bellagio fountains -- such a great idea!. . The service was impeccable - our party of 8 had two gentlemen waiting on us who kept our wine glasses (and bread baskets) full. Per my conversation with the hostess who took my reservation, we arrived 15 minutes early to request patio seating (you can't reserve this in advance). The patio heaters were on in fullforce, and it was pleasant enough to sit outside without a jacket on (we even had them turn a few down). . . Food was excellent (a lot of sampling of your neighbor's plate was going on at our table) -- especially the scallops with the butternut squash and the onion soup. The various steak frites were good -- though the frites are paper thin and not really to my liking, but hey different strokes for different folks. Our waiter helped me to select a nice white bordeaux that everyone quite enjoyed (and at $34/bottle was one of the less pricey selections on the menu).. . For dessert - you MUST get the bread pudding. Holy Moses. I died and went to heaven, and then ate a ton of the profiterole dessert as well. Just do it.
Incredible steak - sit outside and the coffee and everything is so good. I want to go back again and again. Great service and not overpriced. What are you waiting for?
I LOVE this restaurant! It is a must-stop for me when I am in Vegas. The location is what truly sells it. I always sit outside where you have an incredible view of the Bellagio fountains while you dine. Perfect for simple wine and appetizers or for a whole meal. They have great heaters cranking in the winter, so you can still comfortably enjoy being on the patio. If there is one thing I would tell everyone to do, it is sit outside and sip a glass of wine. You will not regret it!. . While the view sells it for me, the food and service are pretty great as well. For Vegas, the prices are pretty reasonable. In the past I've done the French Onion Soup and a side salad, which have been perfect. The Goat Cheese appetizer is warm and satisfying, great to snack on with a glass of wine. . . I landed in Vegas 2 nights ago, and my friend's flight was delayed coming in, so I was on my own for dinner. I immediately knew I would go to Mon Ami Gabi. I bundled up in my winter coat and walked over. I asked for a table outside and was very comfortable under one of the many, many heaters they have out there. My server was incredibly helpful with the wine list as my knowledge of French wine is limited, and I loved what he picked for me. You are immediately presented with a loaf of breadand butter, as well as an amuse buche. Tonight is was green apple and fennel with a mayonnaise dressing (the French really do love their mayo). It was a lovely snack while I debated what I wanted. When the waiter came back, I could not make a decision. I mentioned wanting to try the steak tartare as it is something I've somehow never had, and he said that it was his favorite thing on the menu and I must get it. Not wanting to drop $35 and also not being that hungry, he offered to have them make me a half order as an appetizer and charge half the price. Sold!. . It was really delicious, and I am so glad I listened to him. Plus, with the smaller portion and price point, I had room for dessert! Again torn between a few options, I went with his recommendation of the bananas foster crepe. Delicious only begins to explain how good it was. The caramel sauce was decadent and the crepe was light and fluffy. I spent about an hour and a half there, slowly sipping my wine and reading my book while I ate, pausing every 20 minutes or so to watch the amazing fountains across the street (and the people watching isn't bad either :). My server would occasionally stop to check on me, often engaging in some lovely conversation and never making me feel like I should hurry up and leave. . . A trip to Vegas should always begin with a night on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi!
Oooh la la la la la LA!  I've always wanted to come here and yesterday I got to come here with a LOCAL honest-to-goodness Las Vegian: Mon amie, Jenn. . . We sat outside.  Brrrr!  It was allegedly supposed to SNOW later that night. (Il fait neige! See! I speak Fraunsh!) But not to worry- there are heat lamps on the patio to keep you all warm and toasty.  Additionally, the view across the street is the Bellagio and the gorgeous Fountains gave us some "teaser" shows.  . . Jenn had a mimosa and I had a bloody mary.  Apparently there is a bloody mary bar (make your own?!)  but that sounded confusing to me, so I just had them make it for me.  And they did a pretty decent job!  Nothing special- a pretty traditional bloody mary, but it did hit the spot.  . . We both opted for the corned beef hash.  It was really rich and flavorful.  They also provided had the option of adding mushrooms to it, which we both did.  It came with giant toast and potatoes.  I was not disappointed one single bit.  . . Additionally, we bothshared some dessert.  The fruit and mint plate, as well as this chocolaty thing with pecans and caramel- creme on top.  Yum.  . . Then we wandered around the beautiful Paris for awhile, poking our head into stores and trying on sunglasses and accessories.  . . Great great brunch spot.  Come here!  Sit outside!  J'aime beaucoup!  Bon appetit!
Great food and wonderful service.
This may quickly rise to my #2 restaurant on the strip (#1 is Joel Robuchon).. . The service was excellent. In particular, the bus boys were FANTASTIC. The waitress was obviously overwhelmed and the bus boys really stepped in.. . The drinks are great. Can't remember what we ordered but it was similar to a moscow mule. . . My husband and I (Yes, we shared all this food just between the two of us) had:. Chicken Pate. Scallops. Seafood Crepe. Lobster roll. . It was worth every calorie. . . I love the baguette they give us in the beginning. So yummy.
Soo hung over, where to eat? Mon Ami Gabi. . Feeling great and want to grab lunch? Mon Ami Gabi. Sick of being in an air conditioned casino? Mon Ami Gabi. Want to have the best people watching sess ever? Mon Ami Gabi. Croque Monsieur or Madam avec le vin day or night? Mon Ami Gabi. . . Mon Ami Gabi is my go-to answer for almost any question. I have had many (many, many, many) Vegas trips and pretty much the only thing they all have in common is a meal (or two or three) at  Mon Ami Gabi. I am obsessed with finding the best croque monsieur in the US... which is not easy, but Mon Ami Gabi does a pretty darn good job. The service is always amazing, the patio situated right on the strip is amazing. During the winter it is heated, during the summer it has constant water mist. The wine selection is excellent and the French Onion Soup is the stuff of legends!  . . Bon appetit.
Every time I am in Vegas - I eat here.  Always.  Great views, great service, great food.  A true winner when you're in Vegas!
The service was excellent, the food is great and prices are very reasonable for a French restaurant on the strip. I definitely recommend this place to anyone local or visiting Las Vegas. You won't regret it.
This was my 2nd time here. We went here as a back up Bday dinner plan because some Baller decided to buy out STK steak house for the night. I was still very satisfied with Mon Ami Gabi. . *****Service is is superb. . *****The food is always cooked to perfection.  . . Its only right to start off with some Champagne Marquis De La Tour when at a french restaurant.. . We ordered the 12oz New York strip with Bearnaise sauce aside with hand cut frites which were amazing.. also ordered the Steak Roquefort with blue cheese sauce and also with hand cut frites. . . . This is definitely a spot I have to hit up every time I come to Vegas!
We ate here for lunch based on Yelp reviews-- we wanted somewhere unique to the area, inexpensive, and yummy-- and this fit the bill!! . We both ordered Frangria- it was a great, inexpensive fruity option that paired well with lunch. We also ordered the Tapenade appetizer because I am a sucker for olives- it was great, but so is the crusty french bread that you get complimentary, so an appetizer isn't a must.. I had the quiche Lorraine, which was delicious and a giant portion. My husband had the steak sandwich, which he also really liked, and those little crispy fries it comes with are fantastic. . It was a lot of food- so much that we only had an appetizer and dessert later on in lieu of dinner. Price was good, there wasn't a wait, no complaints here! We will definitely back next time we're in Vegas.
OMG their food is delicious!!
Our bill was about $150 for 2 people which I thought was very good for the view and the quality of food. . . We ordered the escargot and lemon shrimp for appetizer. The escargot was very good, the shrimp was a little under seasoned. For entree we got the new york strip and frites and the fish of the day. Both were very good but the frites were a little too dry and crunchy for my taste. my Boyfriend got a side of mac and cheese, it was good but it was only mac and cheese. I don't think that  can really be messed up. For dessert we shared the bread pudding which was Amazing!!! We also shared a bottle of Pino Noir at a very decent price. We ate the night before at Prime for double the price for basically the same quality food and view. I highly recommend this place. I would have given it a 4 to 4 1/2 star but the view was amazing. . . Also you cannot reverse patio seating its first come first serve. Be early because it's very worth it. Don't worry they have heaters that keep you VERY warm. It was in the high 40's and I had no problem sitting out there with no jacket and a light shirt. . . Service was very good.
Great food, great view of Bellagio Fountains, I almost hate to share the secret but can't help myself. Also serves a gourmet French Brunch with Bloody Mary bar.
Lovely waitstaff, atmosphere and food! Best combination, the trout, wine and chocolate mousse was absolutely delicious. The crust in the open face trout had a perfect crunchy sear and still moist inside. Can't beat the view if the dancing Bellagio Fountains while enjoying the meal. When the weather is beautiful, this is the place to go!
One of my favorite restaurants on the strip. You can't beat the view, make sure to sit outside!
We were really glad to have checked the Yelp reviews and to have found this place. Lovely restaurant located in the Paris hotel and casino complex. We had an early dinner here, arriving around 5.30pm and so we were sat down fairly promptly. The yelp reviews are pretty much spot on- great food, drinks at reasonable prices (relatively speaking- hey, this is Vegas!) We started with the escargot appetizer and very warm crusty bread and two glasses of red wine, followed by two steak dinners. Everything was delicious and the the service was top notch and friendly. . . Some advice- try to get here early if you can or call ahead and make a reservation. We had a pretty short wait but on our way out they was a considerable line forming. This place is obviously very popular and for good reason.
Unfortunately, even during the week, this restaurant was always too packed to just walk-in. The wait time for "Lonely Party of One" was just too long so I went elsewhere. . . Judging by the ambience, massive amounts of people always there, massive amounts of people waiting to be seated, looking with no shame at plates coming out to diners, fabulous outdoor seating and location, I'm going to go ahead and give them five stars. It was one of the most popular restaurants that I saw on The Strip. Beautiful place to dine at with spectacular food presentation and views. . . Before leaving Vegas I did end-up asking, they do take reservations and you are highly encouraged to make one. Now I know, next time I will be dining here.
I've been coming here for close to a decade. Best meal for the price in Vegas. Never disappoints.
Mussels, trout and bananas fosters all home runs! Service and quality outstanding! Make reservations, it is kid friendly. In my experience best fries I've tasted!
AMAZING. Firstly, the decor is gorgeous. You hardly even realize your in tacky Las Vegas! My mother and i had a reservation for inside, but we were able to sit in the middle part that's almost half inside half out, encased in glass. We immediately got warm bread with delicious sweet cream butter. . . My mother doesn't eat gluten, and it was very convenient that they had a gluten free menu that had many delicious options. They were even able to get her her own bread that came with butter and olives, which she ate even though she doesn't like olives. . . The meal was fabulous. My mom had a arugula, beet, grapefruit, walnut, goat cheese salad that looked phenomenal. She are it very quickly. I had a glass of frangria, their version of sangria. Strong and delicious. I had the mushroom soup with cream Fraiche which was amazing. Then I also had a salad: arugula, greens, butternut squash, craisins, pumpkin seeds. I was so fresh and delicious and perfectly portioned.. . Our waitress Hillary was the sweetest person, and very accommodating. The atmosphere was great, the food was delectable, and the wine was fabulous. What more can you ask for in a restaurant. Oh, and it was very reasonably priced...heaven!
It had been a while since I've had dinner at Mon Ami Gabi and since I didn't go there during my trip last May, I decided to make up for the lost opportunity.. . I came in for a very late dinner at around 10pm.  The good thing about this was that there is no line at all and you can be seated anywhere you want right away.  I settled with the Patio because that's always the way to go, even during the cold December weather.  And what was cool about the patio was that there were heat lamps all over to the point where the 33 degree weather was a non-factor.  I actually didn't need to wear a jacket outside because the lamps kept the patio pretty hot.. . Late dinner on the patio. -- http://bit.ly/1bGgnYZ. View of Bellagio Fountains from my table. -- http://bit.ly/1bGgDam. . One recurring theme that I was noticing during my last trip to Vegas was that at all the restaurants I went to the appetizers on the menu are actually full meals.  The Duck Leg Confit was on their appetizer section and it was only $11 so I was assuming that it would be a little mini duck leg with some garnish.  Boy was I wrong about that when I got this huge platter presented in front of me with a nice big and crispy duck leg on top of a bed of lentils and port wine reduction.  It was amazing!  I almost decided to cancel out my Beef Bourgninon order because it was already a lot of food!. . Duck Leg Confit. This is an appetizer?? Daaaaaaang! -- http://bit.ly/1kBWinH. . Had it not been for the Duck Leg Confit "appetizer"  I probably could've enjoyed the Beef Bourgninon a lot more, but at the point when it finally reached my table I was already full.  No matter, I pressed on and stuck with it.  The Pappardelle noodles were good and the beef was really tender, plus the bacon and mushrooms gave it even more flavor.  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to finish this but it was a really good entree.. . Classic Beef Bourguignon --  http://bit.ly/1jRdBnj. . So far every time I've been to Mon Ami Gabi I would order something different and each time has been stellar!  It has proven to me once again that I can come here at any time during the day, whether it be for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and can have amazing food and really good service.
New to the Mountains Edge area and finally found an awesome restaurant to relax in, or grab a cocktail with friends.  Check out Oyshi Sushi for an all you can eat, great service and knowledgeable sushi chefs.
C'est un joli restaurant!. . I made a last minute reservation for brunch using OpenTable, and luckily got the time I wanted. Patio seating cannot be reserved, but I wasn't bummed. I lose my appetite if I watch the LV street carnies too long. . . I ordered the Benedict and asked if I could substitute the ham with salmon. . . "Certainly, Monsieur," said our server, #51. . . I say #51 because they have numbers in place of their names. I asked why this was. I was told each number corresponds to a different Arrondissement of Paris. I thought there were only 20, and I saw numbers upwards of 70, so who knows if that's the real reason. Servers should have names on their name tags, not numbers. It strikes me the wrong way. Anyways, I'll get off my soapbox. His name was Rey, and he was boss.. . We started with a carafe of Frangria. Their French spin on sangria, which got me sufficiently buzzed. Delicious. Smooth. Indulgent. In fact, I'm having olfactory memories of the rosemary sprigs in the Frangria. Nostalgia.. . The salmon Benny was literally perfect. The hollandaise was light, the salmon fresh and a proper pink, and the yolk a well executed poached egg; oozing after a slight application of pressure. The accompanying hash browns were well seasoned and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. . . We had a wonderful table along the glass partition next to the server's wine station. It felt exclusive, intimate, and very conducive to private conversation. . . I want to go to Paris...
My group and I really loved Mon Ami. First of all, the ambiance is fantastic. I mean if there were any place in the whole country that you could create a truly "Paris" like experience, I would think it would at be the giant multi billion dollar Paris replica in Vegas. This place really feels European, in the sense that you are in a really touristy area of Paris watching Americans and Asians meander by gawking up at the Eiffel Tower and being obnoxious... well ill reserve the obnoxious comment to the Americans. It's not your "quaint alleyway/place that Hemingway would have hung out" type of authenticity, but if you're expecting that in Vegas, you are off your rocker anyway - my point is it feels about as authentic as you can get - the food, the decor, the surroundings etc.. . The food is excellent and the service is very friendly (and it's crazy being in a "European" place and getting quick service... it feels WRONG!). I would come here again, and recommend to anybody looking for a place on the Strip for dinner/lunch/brunch. As is the case with any popular place in this town... make reservations. My favorite thing about Mon Ami though was the setting/patio and the ambiance. Grab a spot on the patio and this has got to be some of the best people watching in the country. Seriously. Where else can you grab an delicious patio brunch at 11 AM and watch half a dozen drunken bachelor or bachelorette party stumble by during your meal? Got to love Vegas.
The flavors of France are abundant here!!!!. I take all my visitors here because the have a great variety of flavors and the cafe latte is the best I have found in town!!!. . I always get a bowl and half way thru the breakfast all the tables surrounding me have joined in! I lived in Seattle for a long time and I finally found the place to rivalry old steady. Great setting with an Atrium to view the strip while you receive awesome service and they also have am outdoor heated patio that is quite comfortable most of the year!. This is one place you won't want to miss!  The locals love it too!
I have been here a couple of times and it's a great restaurant with an amazing view.  Ask to be seated outside as they have a view of the Bellagio water show, and they have heaters so you can sit outside even in the winter.  It's the perfect spot for a couple or friends.  Breakfast or dinner.  It's all doable.  Upside to this is there cheapest item on the menu ($12.95) which the burger is to die for, and so is everything else on the menu.  No complaints from the service or the food.  I definitely recommend.
There steaks are amazing and for the price even more amazing. I've been to a few good spots here but this is the spot for now:) place is a bit dark at night if I have to say something negative.
I went there on my anniversary and had the best food. Server was really sweet and I would say sit on patio as one can get beautiful view of Bellagio fountain. Highly recommended!!!
Loved it! We came twice.. . Breakfast: good quiche Lorraine, fluffy egg omelet & nice view if you sit in the indoor patio. . . Dinner: awesome!!! We sat inside, it was very cozy with dim lighting.. . They serve a warm baguette with creamed butter. For starters, we had the escargot. It was very good. My hubby had the soup special which was an oyster soup. It was amazing. It was creamy.. But not too much.. More like velvety. I had the duck leg confit & a side of fries for my meal. That was the best duck confit I've ever had in the U.S. The meat would just fall off the bone. My hubby had the chicken paillard & the macaroni gratin which he said were very good. The waitress recommended a white chocolate bread pudding. It was served warm with ice cream.. Very good too. . . This place has great food, great service, nice atmosphere and a reasonable price. Our dinner bill with a glass of Bordeaux was $95. . . Definitely make a reservation (I used open table).
