I've died and gone to izakaya heaven. . . We rolled in at 2:30a on a Saturday and it wasn't too bad! . . We were seated at the counter and were very well taken care of. The wall menu made me feel like I had ADD! I wanted everything.. . We had:. - pork belly & shiso leaf skewers. - yellowtail tar tar. - red snapper carpaccio. - creamy shrimp . . I've already made a list of must tries for our next visit. . . So good, so fresh and so inexpensive. Loved everything about it. We'll return. No doubt.
This amazing place is what I would like to have near my home. But it's now 281 miles away. Not fair. I have to start searching here in LA for a place like this.. . I had the yellowtail sashimi, some bok choy and fried yellowtail jowl. When I looked on the receipt to see the actual name of this dish it said "Hamakata". I checked and there's nothing on Hamakata for yellowtail. . . Nevertheless, I loved everything about this place. Not too large, not too noisy, infinite amounts of dishes and all at a reasonable price. I really got to give thanks to yelpers in general. I can still remember exactly how each dish tasted like. Incredible.. . Next door is a bakery that's also Japanese and supremely delicious. . . My expectations were far exceeded and hopefully I'll find a place similar to this one. LA is bound to have something like this and close to me.
This place is one of thee best Japanese places I have ever tried in  the continental USA.  Not for their sushi...but for their Japanese tapas...just amazingly good!!. . My friends wanted to eat buffet in one of the casino hotels.  I told them that there is this one place in Chinatown that had rave reviews from some of my other friends and on yelp as well.  They were really not buying this idea about this restaurant but I got them to go anyways.  It was even worst when we got their and we had to wait 20 minutes when we were all hungover and really hungry.  After sitting down we ordered a bunch of the appetizers and no sashimi or sushi (which is NOT my normal thing) and I must say...it was the BOMB!  Even my friends thanked me for making them come to this restaurant versus a buffet.. . Their uni pon, Agedashi tofu, gizzard, fried chick, grilled squid, shishito peppers, gyoza, red snapper carpaccio, yellowtail tar-tar and miso butterfish was to die for.  My fave is their beef tongue!!  I had to add a second order of it.  We also had their specialty desert, warm toast and ice cream, that we were not too fond of because it was way too sweet.. . All-in-all...i will definitely be going back to this place.  If possible EVERY time I am in Vegas...this would be one of the must go destinations.
the best japanese food in town... hands down.  eel-kakiage-tempura roll, beef bowl, natto roll, egg drop soup, tofu salad, katsu, shrimp tempura, asian-style omlette, ramen, yakisoba, honey toast dessert and all the other items posted on all the walls in the restaurant!
This place is delicious. I love it. There are so many noms. Shout out to Jenny Z. for taking our group here! . . We had 8 people for dinner, we each paid ~$17 and we got ~16 dishes to share family style. From the Imperial Palace we cabbed here, which ended up to be ~$7 a person there and back. The place is small but intimate and cozy. Wait staff were all very attentive and nice. . . My favorites (for pics see the photos I added):. + Takoyaki: octopus balls! very interesting and yummy. + Ichiza DX Ramen: Slightly spicy, but in a fantastic way. Great broth, yummy veggies. . + Hamachi tartar: great appetizer for avocado lovers, lots of interesting textures. . . This is a great place to try a little bit of everything that's delicious. The sake was also pretty good.
Went back last night for a late dinner with friends and was again impressed with everything we tried. Best dishes were: miso butterfish, beef tongue stir fry, garlic baby Bok Choy, yellowtail tar tar, udon soup, and beef tataki. :) delicious once again!
Ichiza how I missed thee.. . This place has been open for some time now and I used to come here for their beef bowls. They were delicious! But I was not the foodie that I am today so I didn't see food the same way or care about all the great things they had to offer.. . But now that I have Yelp on my side. I have discovered a new side to Ichiza. An amazingly delicious side. It seems as if they had a secret menu or something because most of the items that I saw pictures of on Yelp were not listed in the menu they provided. It must have been posted on their walls though, but I can't read all of it cause it was all over the place. And it was awkward when I was trying to read the items off the wall because people think I was staring awkwardly at them.. . So I whipped out my phone and pulled up Yelp and ordered my food based off of pictures! Started off with the deep fried baby octopus, which I thought would have a dipping sauce but the server said the flavors is already in the octopus. And she was right! It was seasoned well and fried perfectly.. . Then the Uni in Ponzu sauce. I love me some Uni! And it was yummy. Small little order, but it was worth it. Very fresh. And then the yellowtail tartar. The best! And for the price, soooo worth it. I'm not sure if I ate it properly though, it didn't seem easy to eat cleanly. Then there was the pork with shiso leaf (looked big in the picture was it was a small order and nothing special) and can't remember the other stuff I got. But definitely not disappointed in anything.. . But the MAIN reason we chose Ichiza for our evening dining is for the Honey Toast! It was bigger than I thought. And we had green tea ice cream rather than vanilla. It was delicious. And I didn't have room to try their other desserts like the crepe or mochi that I wanted to. But I will be visiting often, so I will have many opportunities..... . We arrived to dine around 10:15p and it was busy, but still a couple seats available. We sat at the bar right next to the server station so we saw all the food coming out. Yellowtail tartar is very popular, and for a good reason! Service was good for an asian place. They were quick. . . Only thing is that I feel I am missing out on some other goodies because it isn't listed in the menu, but rather all the walls. But thank goodness for yelp! This isn't a fancy restaurant, but a cozy authentic Japanese place with good pricing.. . Oh and since we sat at the bar, we got to see the sushi chef cut a whole fish into sushi. Interesting :). . We ordered about 6 items, and a dessert at it totaled $42 and soem change. And the honey toast was the priciest item, it was good... but dunno if it is worth it. We can make it at home for much cheaper!
I lived in Okinawa for 2 1/2 years, this place reminded me so muchof the little hole in the walls you find in Japan, great food, the atmosphere and service is great.. . Ichiza Ramen DX is great on a cold day.. . Beef Bowl with rice, ask for an egg on top, it makes it so much better...
YUM, YUM. My go-to spot after a long night. This place is purr-fect. Little plates of this and that so you never get bored of eating. It's no frills and they are very attentive.. My faves:. Grapefruit So-Ju (They make you squeeze your own grapefruit :( ). garlic chicken gizzards. jalepeno fried rice. Beef tongue. Salmon Sashimi... Soooooo fresh and melts in your mouth. . I have been too full to get to dessert and try their honey toast. WAHH ;'(
Las Vegas is a city filled to the brim with addictions of every kind, so why not an addiction to one of the very best places you can find in Vegas? Ichiza would gladly satiate my thirst for off-the-strip, reasonably priced dining. . . It is located on the second floor of a strip mall in Chinatown, which is a small drive from the strip. Completely unassuming and unpretentious, Ichiza is an izakaya - complete with different types of seating - at the Japanese bar/counter, normal tables, and on tatami mats on raised ground.. . I'm not going to name the 12+ dishes that my fellow diners and I ordered. That would be a little ridiculous. I will leave you with this piece of advice: order off the walls and off the menu. Get the waitress' or hostess' suggestions and go with them (unless you're a rather unadventurous eater). They have all the standard izakaya-type food here including one of my favorites - octopus balls.. . And most importantly: order the Honey Toast for dessert. Do not forgo this step! This honey toast had all of my dining group a-flutter, and you can guarantee that it is one of their most popular dishes. A block of bread is hollowed out, toasted, slathered in honey (but not too much honey), and placed on a plate. Then a huge scoop of ice cream nestles itself inside of that sweet piece of toast. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=5MBjtf85537l3Q44V97BYA) It tasted like pure heaven. If you do everything else wrong - order from the menu, actually order soda, etc. - at least do this one thing correctly. Order the honey toast. You'll thank me later.
I love eating here! The atmosphere and food are both amazing. I always get the beef bowl. Cheap, big portions, and really satisfying. Another thing I like to get is the hamachi kama which is yellowtail collar because it's always cooked right and they never give me a flimsy piece like some other places. For dessert, the honey toast is a must-try! It's unique and sweet and really provides a nice end to a delicious meal. The only thing that makes me sad is how long it takes to get a table because it's so busy all the time.
this place is awesome! the food is so different. i guess you can call a lot of the stuff on the menu japanese style street food. its like asian tapas and its super cheap! we ordered a bunch of different dishes...agedashi tofu, bacon wrapped mochi, ahi tuna and tofu salad, seared tuna, eel and tempura roll, fried pork cutlet with cheese, egg, and cabbage. all of it was really yummy. we also ordered the honey bread dessert....mouth watering! service was good. the only downside is that they have a lot of different items placed on the walls not on the actual menu so its a bit overwhelming trying to decide what to eat. i might have to come here everytime i come to vegas! =)
Wow, wow, wow.. . I came here for the first time with my family and this is what we got, for about $80 bucks to feed all five people:. * deep fried baby octopus. * pork and napa cabbage. * spicy tuna rolls. * yellowtail and cucumber rolls. * half an order of house special ramen. * tempura bowl over rice. * kimchi fried rice. * salmon skin salad. * honey toast. . ...and everything was so good. I have to go back and EAT MORE!!!
Went here for a friend's birthday.  As festive as birthdays should be Ichiza stood up to the challenge! We were seated at a booth which were limited.  Each booth can seat up to 10 people from what I remember.  We took off our shoes so make sure you don't have stinky feet!  Anyhow, the small restaurant is also lined with 2 seater tables and a sushi bar you can sit at.. . We started off with a pitcher of Sapparo and my favorite, warm sake!  From there it was harder to remember what food we ordered.  The ordering process is unique cause you order off the small notes on the wall.  Ifeel that they do this to keep the dishes new and fresh.  The price range of the orders range from $5 - $15 for a tapas style dish.  Each little portion stands out from your normal sushi fare and you will not be disappointed.  The one dish that I really loved was the deep fried breaded bacon wrap pork tender loin! Yum. . . If you're looking for a busy place to drink and eat away your weekly stress this is the place to be.  But, you'll really never beat the rush cause this place is popin!  Come with an empty stomach and if you have enough fun you'll leave with an empty wallet!
I LOVE this place! I've been craving it for the past month, but since I'm out of town I haven't been able to have it  :[. . When I came here with my boyfriend the first time, we had a look at the menu and the papers on the wall and decided to order the following:. -agedashi tofu. -fried calamari rings. -ramen dx. -shrimp tempura. -beef bowl. -miso butterfish. -Edemame. -shitake mushroom skewers. . The waitress looked at us like we were crazy. She actually stopped us at our last order and said "Wait, I think that's already too much. Just get that for now and see how you feel." She was partly correct. What we ordered, was just enough. We devoured everything on all the plates, it was soo delicious! . . Since we still had a little room let in us, we decided to get the famous Honey Toast. It came out right away and boy was it heavenly!! Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. . . Everything we ordered was perfect and really hit the spot. I love this place and it's an added bonus that it's open so late!
remember Angelina Jolie when she was married to Billy Bob?  It's been a long time because the now refined philanthropist/mother-of-Jolie Pitt-clan/paparazzi-shy-actress does not at all resemble the Angelina of those times: controversial, grungy, and FUN.  Ichiza is like that old Angelina, plus delicious!. . Atmosphere is not for the timid eater, you are likely to share tables with strangers, you may even have to share tables with strangers as well as be shoes-less with them.  But if you like making friends over sake and exotic meats & fish, then come on in, order a drink and start staring... not at other people - at the strips of paper glued to the walls on which much of the menu is written (most of them are far away, so you will end up seeming like you're staring at other patrons anyways)!  Did I mention this restaurant was not for the shy?  . . The current Angelina does not seem to eat, but the old one did, and she probably devoured things like chicken gizzards (skewered and stir-fried), beef liver, & beef tongue, all of which are tasty at Ichiza.  My personal favorites are the buttery beef tongue and the chewy skewered gizzards.  . . If the present Ms. Jolie did eat, she'd probably enjoy the tofu and sashimi salad: refreshing cold tofu and top quality fish over fresh romaine and avocado, with zesty sesame vinagrette, it's approved for anorexic starlets.. . Okay, all Angelina talk aside, I love Ichiza the most because of the grain epiphany that happened to me at this hole-in-the-wall Japanese treasure: the broiled rice balls - the best thing to have happened to anyone that's a fan of slightly-burned crispy rice.  It was these balls (not the Angelina fantasy - sorry to disappoint some of you) that made me an Ichiza convert.
Truly a one-of-a-kind experience. The place is always busy, so don't be surprised if you have to wait an hour or more to get a seat, especially on the weekends. But the wait is absolutely worth it. . . When it comes to the food, some of the best offerings Ichiza has are not on the menu, but posted on the walls, so be sure to lookaround. . . Get the boiled pork belly with egg - it's the bomb.
I love their Ramen DX here.  Instead of the normal meat (chashu) you get pork belly!!! and you get other stuff in there.  Bad thing is you can't add things like corn...(extra seaweed) and other things.  . . I have yet to try everything here, but I seem to always want to come back for their Ramen DX...very tasty :)
My third favorite restaurant in Vegas. It might jump higher if I didn't need to take a japanese speaker with me to really get the full experience of this wacky restaurant. Yes, all the servers speak english. Yes, the menu they hand you is in english, but if you really want to give this place a go you have to order off the walls. I suppose you could wander about looking at the pictures posted with the congi description and price, then point, but... find someone who speaks japanese and buy them dinner. Its way easier, and they will like you for it. Great for large groups, but make a reservation.
If you are in Vegas and yelping for a place to eat, do yourself a favor and stop looking, Ichiza has now entered your life. And I am just a little bit jealous that you get to experience this place for a 1st time and alas, I will never have the opportunity to lose my Ichiza "virginity" again. Maybe if someone to smack me with a cast iron skillet in the head? Willingly, please?!? Due to the evolving menu and enourmity of it, I wont delve too deeply into individual dishes here. The menu is based on that days purchases and is updated throughout the night as things are written in chalk all over the walls...... Dozens and dozens of daily specials on top of the regular menu. While the menu fare is excellent, the real stars are the specials on the walls. Corn butter. Yes, oh my god, corn butter. Luscious and tender Pork belly in a delcate miso. Home made spring roll unlike any other "springroll" youve ever had. Seriously. Did I mention corn butter?. The food here is so simple and delicious that one would think that they were complex after all, just miso and a piece if pork couldnt taste that good on its own...in style, the food is almost a japanese version of tapas, whereas dishes are generally smaller, tasting portions rather than huge entree plates. These are meant to be sampled throughout the night during glasses of beer and shoju..... The atmosphere is inrimate yet loud, as the space is small and always full. Located off the strip and in a medium sized mall known as Las Vegas' Chinatown, this easily outdoes 98% of the other dining experiences in an already highly gifted food mecca. Trust me, go and reward yourself... And be adventurous here, try a few new things. Food is the star here, you can keep your Elton and Celine.
Thank you, Yelpers. You saved me from so much stress during the week of my destination wedding!  My mom is a tough one to please, and she gave me the task of finding restaurants for all the different groups of guests flying in for the wedding from Asia, Europe, and all over the U.S. She wanted it to be affordable, unique, and delicious. We tried Ichiza the second night we were in town, and we were hooked. We went back the next night, and then hosted two more dinners there with large groups of 10 and 12. Later, my mom went back to buy take-out for my family. So for FIVE meals, Ichiza was amazing. . . Favorites included the tofu and tuna sashimi salad, soft shell crab roll, seafood quesadilla, jalapeno fried rice, natto with okra, uni in ponzu, yellowtail tar tar, miso cod, and the beef tongue and liver skewers. But dang, it was hard to find all this good stuff on the hand-written menus everywhere. You've got to get over it and just stare over the heads of other diners to read them. No fear!. . Even though there was a 30 minute wait the first night, they were great about reservations for large groups. Food came out F-A-S-T, the waitresses were sweet, and now I think my mom wants to live there.. . I've been to izakayas in Tokyo, New York, and L.A., and I heart Ichiza.
really good, reasonable price, and authentic looking japanese bar. lines too long tho so yeh that sucks.
Great Japanese tapas. We tried almost everything there and there was nothing that was bad. Everything was delicious and very authentic. My favorite was the garlic chicken gizzard. YUMMMY in my tummy!
This place is unique... the cuisine is similar to Japanese Tapas. Try the bacon wrapped asparagus, beef tongue skewer (trust me), Pork wrapped Gobo, tempura asparagus and some sake bombs. . . What's even more amazing is the price!
Best Yakitori Place I've tried ever...Great price.. . Stayes open late. But the best part really was the dessert.... I just love the Soymilk pudding.
This place has some good yakitori like beef tongue, spicy chicken. Also try tartar yellowtail, crispy chowmein noodle, pork kimchi. Good place for late night dinner, 15-20 mins wait is well worth it.
Okay, for real people, I never thought I'd find such a gem in Vegas! Our friends invited us to Ichiza and boy were we pleasantly surprised. Back in Hawaii izakaya eateries are common, being heavily influenced by Japanese culture and all, so I did not expect a GOOD authentic izakaya restaurant like this, in Vegas! I honestly loved the food and atmosphere and would not hesitate to eat here again and again.. . Anyway, we ordered a ton of food. No nigiri sushi here, or at least the night we visited, but the sashimi and grilled items were so delicious. I won't list everything but these were my faves: beef tataki, hamachi sashimi, pork belly w/ shiso skewers, red snapper carpaccio, miso butterfish, pork ramen, grilled garlic, and shiokara. There was so much more from the menu that I wanted to try but I could not fit any more food in my tummy!. . Prices are really reasonable compared to other izakaya-style places I've been to. And the cozy atmosphere made me feel right at home. It was a busy night, but the waitresses were really friendly and helpful. . . Will see you soon, Ichiza!
This is by far my favorite restaurant in vegas....so far! I've been looking high and low for a good izakaya here and when my friend took me to this nice hole in the wall, i was instantly in love! My favorite dishes were the beef tongue skewers and the squid-natto-uni roll!!! Not only were the dishes to die for, the service was great! The restaurant was packed but our server was on it! I'd highly recommend this restaurant for those who love izakaya!
Came back for a second time and I've gotta bump up the stars! Food was beyond good this time (we tried all new dishes) and the service was better. We had to wait a little bit for a table, but as soon as we sat down the dishes started coming.  . . What we ordered:. Ika-yaki. Bacon Wrapped Mochi. Assorted Onigiri. Salmon Fried Rice. Pork and Onion Skewers. Bacon and Gobo Skewers. Potato Stir Fried with Bacon. . Definitely recommend the Ika yaki and bacon wrapped Mochi. Those are my all time faces. The rest were still good though. . . Oh yeah, no roaches this time!
I make it a point to eat here every visit to Vegas. Expect a good 2 hour wait however if you come during the prime times (before 9). I'd say around 10-11pm it's less crowded which makes it easy to grab a table.. . The food is simply delicious. I always get an assortment of their grilled items and their specials. You can never go wrong with their yellow tail tartare. I could kill 2 orders of that myself. Some other great items are their bacon wrapped mochi, The usual grilled items that I love are beef tongue skewers, chicken gizzard skewers, corn, garlic skewers. They have a huge selection of menu items all posted on their walls which all seem to be great. So if you're the adventurous type then give them a try, otherwise stick to the similarly delicious yet plain menu items.
This place is awesome. I've had my share of Japanese food here and in Hawaii and I'm actually surprised to say that this is the best. The food here is fresh (especially the fish!) and they can make pretty much whatever you want. I love coming here and ordering something new pretty much every time. They also have decent prices for their food which isn' too expensive and their drink prices are pretty reasonable. . . The only down side to this place is that it gets pretty packed even on weekdays. One time I came here the hostess actually skipped over our names on the waiting list and we ended up waiting for 2 hours! The 2 hours was worth it for some really good food but hey, it was 2 hours of waiting outside of the restaurant.. . If you go here you MUST HAVE the honey toast. If you haven't had it before, you're probably thinking Honey Toast? Honey and toast can't be all that great, can it? Well I'm here to tell you that yes it is. Don't forget to save room for it.. . I've yet to try better authentic, decent priced, Japanese food here in Vegas.
For those of you who lived in Japan, I gotta tell you, this is as close as you can get to "authentic" Japanese. I lived in Japan for 8 years. Trust me, its the real deal! None of that "teriyaki this, teriyaki that". Say goodbye to mediocre Manchu-Wok and Panda.. . My suggestions are the beef tataki, crab fried rice, spicy chicken, ANY of their eel dishes, and wash it down with a nice Kirin. Oh and I cant forget the infamous HONEY TOAST. The menu that they give you is pretty much an American menu, the good stuff is on the wall. Look around and try something new!
Best Japanese restaurant  in west coast, My wife and I go there twice in a month, Great chefs and waitress ,Fantastic food, AWESOME!!!!!
There are three things I think make a restaurant awesome or not:. 1- How good is their food?. 2- How good is their service?. 3- Is the place cool?. . 1-. I love the food at Ichiza. It's so good! I can personally tell you that of all the food I've had at Ichiza, I've never been dissatisfied. I can recommend a few things to you that I love, that I hope you'll love too: Deep-fried California roll, Dragon roll, Tar-tar yellowtail, and beef tatake. Seriously, those things serve as the foundation for everything else. I always order that for me and my party, then we add other things on top of that to build a feast. Also, you should know that when they say something is spicy, it's not really too spicy. At least that's my opinion. Also, honey toast: honey toast is one of the best things I've ever had in my life. I don't think you can find a human on earth who could resist this. . . 2-. The service here is pretty good. I don't think it's as good as some of the higher-end restaurants on the Strip, but it's still good. My water cup was never empty, they cleared things really quickly, and they were really good about answering all my lame questions. Plus, the girls who work there seem to get along well. I don't know if that factors into this, but I think it does. Also, the sushi chefs are cool guys. They mostly keep to themselves because they're so busy, but they're good about answering questions and stuff (even better if you share some sake with them!) and guiding you. . . 3-. This place is awesome. I've been to a few places in Chinatown, and no place matches the environment here. From the girls who say goodbye and thanks in unison, to the menu plastered on the walls, to the fact that this place has young, awesome, fun clientele... this place owns. The atmosphere is just really geared toward a good time and good dining experience. Plus, the place closes at 4am! I think the kitchen closes at like 2:15am, but still. This place is popping up until that point. As a matter of fact, I think the cool kids get there at like 11pm. . . I had a light dinner here with three other people the other night, and I can tell you that it was a deal: some rolls, sake, soda came out to $50. It was a value, but I've spent as much as $200 here when it's been a more party-like dinner. It's definitely a good deal, though. They don't offer an AYCE option, but it's fine. . . Of all the sushi places I've been to either in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, or San Diego, Ichiza is up there. The only place in Vegas where I think the food MIGHT be better is Yama Sushi.. . All in all, I can't say enough good things about this place. I really think you should check it out, and let me know so we can meet there and do an impromptu Yelp! thing, yeah?
I am a huge fan!  I love this place, it is so perfect that it was my first date!  We got in a little later in the evening, but they were still busy.  They have great prices and staff.  Their food and combo are above expectations.. . I was never a fan of sushi before I walked in this place.  . . Thank you Ichiza!!!!!!
why spend $$$ on the strip when you can eat all the goodness that Ichiza offers?! nothing fancy, but it's everything an authentic japanese izakaya should be. . . tips: get there early or make a reservation.. . order: the specials posted on the wall, anything with uni (if uni's your thing), and honey toast for dessert.
O.M.G. this place is SO frackin' good. I wish they had one in LA... :( . . I've been here a couple times when I visit my sister in Vegas, and every time, I fill myself to the point where I feel like I'm dying. -__- . I can't help it!!. . The food is SO GOOD. I highly recommend the yellowtail tar tar, beef tataki, and their mushroom with butter sauce. (other foods i've tried is the grilled mackerel, tongue stew (my sister's favorite), and oyako-don. ALL are delicious. . . Last time I went my sister and I got about 7 dishes between us, and i SWEAR we practically polished the plates. The waitress came back with a look of disbelief on her face. HAHHAA. :P Anyways, I highly recommend you go here, it's very authentic and the service is SUPER friendly. :). . Only complaint would be the additional menu being ALL OVER the wall. I want to try everything, but then, there's just way too many options, and then some are written only in japanese!
Yellowtail tar tar was ok.. . Beef tongue was good.  Very tender.. . KimChi fried rice was delicious!  . . But the main reason why I would come back to this place is the Honey Toast.  They toast the bread to perfection.  Then add honey and ice cream.  The combination of bread, ice cream, and honey was pretty good.
Best uni we had outside of Tokyo.
HOLY CRAP.. Ichiza is F***ING AWESOME!! Ichiza is what I see more as an izakaya compared to Miko's.. which to me is like a typical Japanese restaurant. Ichiza has that more bar-like feel and their foods are more like pupu type foods along with your typical Japanese dishes (Teishoku, ramen, etc). . . The boyfriend and I went around 6pm on a Saturday.. I was thinking might be busy but it wasn't. Lots of reserved tables though so we were seated at the bar on some wooden seats. For drinks, we ordered just the house sake and the bf got kirin. I should have gotten the calpico-soju! Next time... . For foods we got:. Beef Tataki - Tender rare beef drizzled with ponzu sauce and on the side there was onion, really minced up garlic and some pink stuff.. no idea what that was.. but all were good!. . Fried Natto Roll - WOW!! I was stoked to see how many natto dishes they had! I'm natto crazy! This was the first time ever coming across a fried natto roll. It was topped with some fresh raw ahi as well. SOOOOO GOOD!! My bf hates natto so I got to devour it all myself.. . Skewers- We got a few different skewers. -- Chicken yakitori & shishito peppers were pretty typical. Also, we got the bacon wrapped mochi! That was very interesting and I enjoyed it. But what wrapped in bacon isn't good?!. . Natto/Okra - I had to try this natto/okra which was pretty typical stuff.. wish it came with hot rice.. but hell, I love natto by itself as well. Slimey, stinky goodness! :]. . Tofu Salad - Delicious, soft tofu and ahi topped over salad greens and avo. The boyfriend and I both thought it needed more texture! It was all really.. soft. They used a little bit of romaine and mostly red leaf lettuce which doesn't have much crunch. Maybe some won-ton chips or something to counteract all the softness going on in there. Very yummy otherwise!. . We also got spicy tuna roll which wasn't anything spectacular compared to the other dishes.. the bf was just just craving some sushi. . . Overall, individual prices are not all that bad but they sure do add up! Especially whilst drinking! I was getting more hungry as we drank.. Between the two of us and drinks, we spent about $70. I made sure to fill out the survey after so I can get the frequent members card.. cause you can bet, I'll be returning again and again and again.
Had the pleasure to eat here again after a few years of not going to Vegas.. . We had the following:. . - Soft shell crab (excellent). - Tuna sashimi salad (very good). - Beef tataki (very good). - Uni with Mochi (EXCELLENT AND YUMMY!!!). - Green Tea ice cream (very good). - Honey Toast with ice cream (very good). . We sat at the bar and had a great time, met a new friend, Glen Morikawa, had a beer and a few laughs!  The food is excellent and reasonably priced.  Our dinner was under $40 (including tip) for the two of us.. . If you're looking for an excellent Izakaya restaurant in Vegas, try Ichiza, you'll like it.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  The restaurant is small, so be prepared to wait if you go during busy times.. . Xie Xie!!!
I'll admit I was confused at first when I was told the best sushi in LV could be found in Chinatown.  I thought sushi was Japanese .... . But after eating here a couple times, I really don't care if the correct nomenclature is applied because the food is just so damn good.. . Rolls: Amazing!  And there are soooooo many to pick from!  The deep-fried California roll is super yummy.  The Rainbow roll is missing avocado ... All the other Rainbow rolls I've ever had included avocado, but the one at Ichiza was missing this CA favorite.  Still yummy though.. Drinks: Everything from draft beer to plumb wine and soju drinks  ;). Wall menu: Branch out and pick a menu item off the wall.  Trust me, just do it.  Start with the tar-tar yellowtail.. . You might ask, "What's up with the menu stuff on the wall?"  To that I answer, "Who cares that the majority of the menu is on the wall?  It's all good, so pick something and eat up!"  I'm slowly making my way through the wall menu one visit at a time ...
If I could marry Ichiza, I would do it in a heartbeat and never look back. I know that sounds completey ridiculous but this restaurant is amazing. If you're ever in Vegas, you have to come here and eat.. . The food is amazing. They have an expansive menu that is posted around the entire restaurant. I could probably come back 100 times and never have the same thing each time.. . AMAZING EATS I'VE TRIED. tuna carpaccio . black cod. beef tataki. fried chicken. HONEY TOAST. . Honestly, I've been food drunk leaving here so I don't remember every delicious dish I've had but mostly everything is absolutely delectable. The worst thing I ate there was wasabi octopus. It sounded like a good idea at the time but raw octopus with tons of wasabi tastes worse than it sounds. . . I need to rave more about the genius dessert that is HONEY TOAST. As simple as it sounds, it is a heavenly combination of toast topped with vanilla ice cream drizzled with honey. I could eat one honey toast to myself. I could eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. If you come here, order one or two to be safe!
Ichiza is an amazing place !  The food here is excellent !  It also reminds me of many good Japanese pubs in Japan. We love to try many small dishes here, and never be disappointed.  Pick any dish posted on the wall, they are all delicious. Among my favorites are :. -  seaweed with shrimp salad. -  ikura and salmon salad. -  eel kakiage tempura roll. -  stir fry pork wirh kimchi. -  deep fried rock fish with mushroom creamy sauce . All are very very yummy !  Don't forget honey toast for dessert.
I seriously give way too many 5 star reviews.. but I wouldn't give it 5 stars if it wasn't "5 star worthy"!!!! Although it was quite pricey, the sashimi was so fresh! We ordered the fried squid mouth bone things and was so flavorful! We also ordered the beef tongue skewers which really was the highlight of the meal! JUST KIDDING, I take that back.. the highlight of the meal was the HONEY TOAST! Ahhh!!! Hot, fresh toast filled with decadent vanilla ice cream and topped off with drizzling honey... oh my goodness.. It was a party in my mouth. I will definitely be back each time I'm in Vegas :)
Unlike any Japanese food you've ever had. This place isn't for sushi. If you come here be ready to experiment and try some strange sounding stuff. I reccomend the yellow tail tar tar (may not even be on the menu, just ask for it). The veggie tempura bowl is very very good value, as is the Kimchi fried rice. . . Don't get the fermented soybeans.
Attention all you goddamn retards, especially the morons bringing the rating down, stay away from Ichiza. It's obvious that you don't know what authentic Japanese food is because you are so used to the Americanized-California Roll-Terikayi-crap they serve at lesser establishments. If you cannot appreciate, then don't fucking rate. And seriously, don't go to an izakaya and order sushi. Such a travesty... That would be like going to Tony Roma's and ordering Tony's Asian Salad instead of their ribs! Order what they are supposed to be good for - Japanese tapas-style dishes. To do otherwise, is just plain stupid. . . Furthermore, an izakaya is not really supposed to be a place to eat dinner. While you can get full, it's a place where you go to fucking drink. Drink, as in bottles of sake since this is Vegas after all. In regards to the tapas dishes that are typically served at izakayas, they're actually supposed to compliment and enhance the drinking experience, not be the main attraction. Therefore, in that sense, Ichiza truly is an izakaya comparable to the ones that I experienced in Japan. It has great sake options, it offers a plethora of food dishes, and it is damn authentic. . . Sure the menus on the wall both pictured and unpictured can cause a headache, but that's how izakayas are supposed to be. It's part of the charm of experiencing something new and fresh during each visit. Also, you really shouldn't be comparing an izakaya to a Western restaurant experience. After all, you aren't on the Strip and this sure as hell isn't Kansas or the Grand Lux Cafe anymore.. . As for the food, in general, everything here is pretty good. I've ordered so many things during my visits that I can't begin to recall or describe what I ate. This amnesia was most likely brought on by the fact that I usually ended up becoming hammered from the sake by the time I left. However, from what I can recall, the food that I ordered and enjoyed are the grilled pike mackerel, the pork dishes, the ika-yaki (whole grilled squid), and the corn butter. And for the not so good, the various yakitori (skewers) were alright, the salted shrimp was meh, and the ramen was forgettable. . . While the long ass wait times are a nuisance, in my opinion, restaurants that are packed are the sure tell sign of something awesome happening inside. And I believe that the fun thing about Ichiza and izakayas as a whole is the thrill of discovering something new. But if you are not the explorative type, a general rule of thumb is to look at what the "Japanese" customers are eating and to tell your server, "Sumimasen, I want what they're having." In my book, Ichiza is as good as it gets.
I've been quite a few times since my first review. These is my highlight reel of the heavy hitting, ultra-delicious dishes I've been fortunate enough to sample.. . * Salmon Sashimi - gorgeous, fresh fish presented with a small branch of basil blossoms to accent your soy sauce and the fish itself. Buttery, sweet and supple, the fish is glorious on it's own, but the basil blossoms (replete with cute explanation & funny faces from your waitress) take it to the next level. Oiishi!. . * Deep Fried Soft-Shell Crab - I had a mini foodgasm after trying this. The crab is JUICY, popping and squirting all over the place as you attempt to dismantle the naughty little beast. Crunchy tempura-like batter on the outside, ridiculous, raunchy juiciness on the inside with a creamy aioli and a gingery sauce...I'm left wanting more. I never saw this, never thought to try it- but Yelp showed me the way. This is a MUST.   . . * Wagyu Beef Carpaccio  - Yes, you CAN eat beef raw, and this is one good way to do so. The slices are paper thin, dressed in a light vinegarette, with thin slices of onion and crispy garlic to add textural interest.   . . * Red Snapper Carpaccio - Little slices of lemon, adorned with a small mound of daikon shreds with an artful slice of red snapper sashimi cradling them and a light cloud of ikura eggs crowning their glory. Maybe 8-12 bite size portions, each one an experience worth having.. . * Kaku-Ni - Porkgasmic. If you're a fan of pork, then you've obviously got to be a fan of pork belly. This lil' piggy has been double boiled, kicking it into fall-apart tender submission. It's rich, it's absolutely porky, creamy, gelatinous and wonderful. It's amazing. Eat it!. . * Miso glazed, Grilled Cod/Butterfish - The fish is succulent, juicy and yes, buttery. The miso glaze isn't overpowering, adding instead a subtle briny umami to the already potently delicious fish. The skin is crispy. This is a great example of what grilled fish can and should taste like. . . * Takoyaki- Fried tako/octopus balls, yeah baby! An order comes with 4-8 of these little wonders. Crispy on the outside, gooey molten goodness on the inside with a chewy chunk  of octopus suspended in doughy lava, it's a magical experience lifted from the streets of Osaka. Watch the bonito shavings dance atop kewpie mayo, mystery sauce, and steaming hot balls...then pop one in your mouth!  Try not to burn yourself. I understand your enthusiasm, my dears. . . * Yellowtail Tar-Tare- delicious. If you like yellowtail, get this.. . Oh, I'm sure there's more I can add, but do I need to? This place is good. Go, get a pitcher of "beeru", pig out, and enjoy! Itadakimasu!!
Tired of Las Vegas buffet, and find this Japanese tapas place. It's so good.. A lot of items and I need to walk around to check all their special menu post on the wall. I havn'et get a chance to try their Honey Ice Cream, and I will definitely tried when i visit LV again.
Boomerang. . Ichiza, to me is a contradiction.  It's a fun spot, but always packed, which in the summer means I've sweat off 10 pounds before my table's ready.  The seating can be tight and friendly, but sometimes the employees forget about me.  They have good food, but sometimes I get something meant for another table (and I eat it anyway, because, hell, I'm hungry from waiting).  All that would normally spell three stars from me.  But.... . ...before I get to my rating, here's what was right with Ichiza on my most recent trip:. . 1.  Bacon wrapped mochi - My two favorite items in one sticky, savory mess. . 2.  Sake marinated salmon - I could eat four orders with a bowl of rice and be a happy camper.. 3.  Baby bok choy - So simple, yet I can't replicate this at home.  This will make someone allergic to greens change their tune.. 4.  Agedashi tofu - Perfect texture and always executed well.. 5.  Grilled ika - Sometimes overcooked, but always tasty.. 6.  Geso age - These little baby octopi flash fried in an extraordinarily light batter makes my tummy smile and my mouth growl (when someone tries to takeone from me).. 7.  Seared ahi belly - Not the most interesting dish, but def a pleaser.. 8.  Honey toast - Bread.  Honey.  Ice Cream.  Yum.. . I have no idea how much this stuff costs, all I know is that we're usually down at least a Benjamin by the time we're outta here.. . Oh, and add to that they have a good sake list.  Small, but they have stuff you can't really get at many of the other Japanese joints around Vegas.  . . So, back to my rating.  The wait can't be helped; they're small and people are always coming back for more.  Being forgotten is a huge negative in my book and something they really need to remedy.  Maybe it's just a function of how busy they are (in which case they need to hire more people), but I don't know.  However, the food is good and I usually get to try someone else's order to expand my taste buds. . . At the end of the day, I keep coming back for the food despite the shortcomings.  And that's kind of says it all, doesn't it?
A close friend was looking to come back here and have a good meal, so we made some time to get off the strip and chow down.. . It was a 30 minute or so wait before we could even get a seat (that popular on a Sunday night?) but when the food arrived, it was well worth the wait.. . As mentioned by other Yelpers, the menu is scattered across the wall and you really have to look around to understand what your best options are.  We ordered a mix of 12+ items from the menu, and here's what I remember that I would reoder:. . Ramen - Excellent broth, springy noodles that aren't made in house, but nonetheless delicious.  The egg is cooked perfectly so that the yolk is just barely oozing out and the white is firm.  Great flavor and execution.. . Beef Bowl - As other have mentioned, the beef bowl is filling and tasty.  . . Honey Toast - I've never tasted anything quite like this before, and it was enjoyable.  Huge piece of bread that's toasted, then drizzled with honey with ice cream on top.  Leave room for this large dessert.  The inside was the best part (chewy, soft, and sweet bread mixed with honey and ice cream).  The outside was a bit more burnt than preferred.  Interesting textural difference.. . Verdict:  While I can't remember the rest of the dishes I had here, I have to say, I enjoyed the whole meal and no dishes stood out as something I wouldn't re-order... come for the snacks/meals, and don't come for sushi.  It's an excellent place to enjoy some good Japanese food!
Perfect for its sublimely delicious, authentic Japanese fare.  . . You might want to check the walls since they write down the food that they serve on paper which is plastered around the place. It's crazy fun.. . We called ahead of time for reservations because there is usually a wait. . . The Garlic Chicken Gizzard is just soooo good. Goes well with the Kimchi Rice. Being a Filipino, meals aren't complete without a serving of rice and well, all of us in that table cleared the plate with the Kimchi Rice first. I had a grilled whole Mackerel all to myself which was cooked perfectly. The fish tasted fresh and the charred skin gave it the perfect crunch with a hint of bitterness and saltiness.. . For dessert, the ever so popular Honey Toast. . . I am an Ichiza virgin no more. I'm glad my boyfriend took me to that place. Can't wait to go back and have me some more of those Honey Toasts.
if not my most favorite place.^^. . Layout. not a typical looking sushi styled restaurant, Ichiza is very authentic Japanese oriented.   menu items line every wall, the decor is all wood, the seating looks cramped, and there are two sets of seating for large parties in the back.   admittingly, this kind of arrangement can feel very overwhelming at first, but the atmosphere becomes upbeat and exciting once you sit down.^^. . Service. outstanding for the amount of customers they service.  i won't lie and say u that there's no waiting for food (it's crowded from 8p-1am), but the time is within reason and never too long.. . the waitresses are friendly and cheerful and the VERY BUSY chefs actually find time to do special arrangements with your order if you buy large quantities of the same item.. . Food. this is an EXCELLANT place to go to if you want something UNIQUE.   something that will leave you with a lasting impression of exotic japanese cuisine.   not everything will agree with your palette, but the majority of the items are full of flavor and taste.!. . they prepare all kinds of dishes in every method.   sushi, breaded meats, dim sum items, rice dishes, noodle dishes, tofu dishes, raw meats (fish/beef/octopus/etc)...  seared, steamed, fried.  the menu is ENORMOUS.!. . Pricing. the menu is well balanced in pricing.   MOST items can be had for $2-$4 allowing you to try a lot of the dishes without burning a hole in the wallet (like TAPAS).   additionally, you'll find yourself only spending around $14 on a main dish.. . Closing. i've lived in Vegas for 4 years.  there are a TON of places to eat, not to mention a TON of sushi digs.   but i find Ichiza 2-3 times a month because of the LOVE & JOY i've discovered eating there - and i hope you will too.^^*. . Recommendation (excuse the spelling). 1. Beef Tataki (seared raw beef) 3x orders of. 2. Beef Wagyu Carpaccio . 3. Chicken Gizzard (bowl) 4x orders of. 4. Diced Beef Cubes (ask to make it spicey). 5. Salmon Sashimi (fresh and CHUNKY). 5. HONEY TOAST - EVEN if you feel you can't eat anymore. . let me know if you need any questions answered.  i think i must've earned a master's degree - i eat there so often.^^
After searching for a sushi restaurant, we saw the building. To go upstairs, and find that this is the only place that is jam packed with people, you know it has to be good.. . We waitied about 10 minutes for a seat at the sushi bar. Wonderful, authentic atmosphere.. . Food was great. Had 3 types of sushi rolls, drinks and dessert, and it was under $40! Can't beat that! And it all was amazing to taste.. . Great place, you have to try it!
We came here in search of sushi, however we didn't order any because all the other menu items looked so good and interesting too. In fact, this is probably the most authentic Japanese place I've ever been too (when we walked in, the place was FULL of Japanese people, no Americans!)  the food is AMAZING! we ordered somethings off the menu and other things off the wall (they had hundreds of little pieces of paper of other dishes posted all over the restaurant)  My favorite dish was the broiled eel with cucumbers, and the soymilk mousse was to die for! Can't wait till our next trip to Vegas to eat here again!
Late night and craving for tongue? Ichiza is the place!. There's always something new to try here. From grilled beef tongue to chicken gizzards skewers. You can also venture away from the menu and try their specials posted on paper signs all over the restaurant giving it a touch of originality. Usually I only try the items with a picture on them I don't want to end up with something Like fried eyes on a stick. But until now everything I tried here was very good and the prices and service are just as great! Which could be one of the reasons this place is always packed. Don't be intimidated by the odd items on the menu. You can always stick to the basics like fried rice, California rolls, shrimp tempura, chicken teriyaki or...grilled tongue.. And don't forget a nice cold Sapporo or a nice warm cup of sake to compliment whatever you decided to order..                                                                                                                     Kampai!
This place is great, and one of the reasons I rent a car when I vist Vegas (it's still close enough where you can taxi). A great little izakaya and very reasonably priced. I've never been disappointed by anything I've ordered here, the only thing that gets tricky is figuring out what to get since there's so many things (and all of it's on the wall.. the menu they give you doesn't show you everything). I think they should print a list of all the stuff on the wall to hand out rather than you trying to see what's available.. . Some of the things I enjoy - my recommendation would be to order whatever sounds appealing and share with your friends:. Beef Tataki - Rare slices of beef. Hamachi tartare - mixed w/ avocado, and served on fried wonton wrappers. Salmon skin salad - pretty large portion to get your daily dose of roughage. Honey Toast - save room for this dessert!
this is the real stuff, whatever we ordered, and my group ordered a lot, was authentic izakaya.  order things you might not think you like, you'll be surprised.
I really like everything about this place.. Good food, good atmosphere, good staff, good location, lots of parking, they serve beer and wine, its open late (kitchen closes at 2:00am not 4:00am).. Its one of my goto spots wheneve I visit the City of Sin.. . Heres the lowdown.... . Food - Excellent, with so many choices it will make your head spin.. From sushi to ramen to rice bowls they pretty much got it covered if its Japanese food.. . Prices - Extremely reasonable and fair.. . Service - Excellent everytime, never a problem.. . I dont want to write a crazy long review on all the good dishes I have eaten here, so I will just say one thing.... . Go here on an eating adventure, try new stuff, have fun and enjoy yourself.
I love this place! . . It is so great to find a true Japanese Izakaya anywhere outside Japan, and to find it in the "Chinatown" (really, Asiantown) part of Las Vegas was a real treat! I was smiling the whole time eating here! . . Izakayas serve a lot of little dishes and comfort foods like in a Japanese home. They are not Sushiyas, so don't expect that, although they may serve some sushi items. . . Originally, they were drinking places, where salarymen in Japan would go and unwind, drinking a lot of booze, bond with co-workers, and even complain about or insult their bosses to their faces (to let off steam; and then they could always blame it on being drunk, because if they talked-back or disrespected at work, they would be fired or severely reprimanded). So it was sort of a social safety valve place to relax in a strict culture of respect, protocol and obligation to the group and superiors. The little food items were snacks to help the drinking.. . But then, many places became very popular for their tasty snacks. And now, it is a whole category of dining. It is starting to become more popular in major cities in the US. Los Angeles has some good ones, like Musha in Santa Monica and Torrance, or Raku in LA. . . An Izakaya is different than a "Snack" or "Hostess" bar, which in many Asian countries, involves little in the way of food, but a lot in booze and pretty girls to make you feel like a big shot. Izakaya in the US are usually family run, and down home, good for families and even kids.. . (Pronunciation tip: do not accent any syllable, they are all even in intonation and emphasis: I-Za-Ka-Ya! NOT iza KAYa!) . . This one has a million little dishes to choose from, listed on the menu, and many of the same selections taped all along the walls, mostly in Japanese! . . The youthful waitresses and hostess here are all Japanese, so it is a delight, especially if you know a little of the language, because they will scurry around and respond promptly to your requests, as in Japan, with enthusiasm and energy. If they were lazy or lackadaisical in their service in Japan, they would be severely reprimanded or fired. Too bad that doesn't translate to Denny's here! . . So this place serves what I like to call, Japa Tapas. . . The two of us had Agedashi Tofu, Ikkayaki (whole broiled squid, chopped up), grilled Black Cod (like butter!) , Sake Ochazuke (Salmon over rice mixed with green tea and flavorings) and for dessert, green tea ice cream and 2 flavors of Mochi ice cream, and finally their signature dessert, which is 1/3 a loaf of bread crust filled with honey and vanilla ice cream that we shared with our tablemates. We also had a small cold Kurosawa Junmai Sake.  All delish! . . We sat at a community table and met another nice young Filipino couple enjoying their Izakaya experience, and shared stories and dessert with them.  . . I am coming back here every time I go to Las Vegas! You should, too!. Forget those fancy faux Asian places on the strip! . . OIshikatta! Tanoshikatta!
Ichiza is not a place to take people whose only experience with Japanese food is a California roll, but if your friends are willing to be adventurous, it cannot be beat.  Scan the walls, order something new, and then make sure you leave them hungry enough to eat the honey toast.. . Things I love to eat here include, but are not limited to: Tsukune, Ika yaki (seriously, one of the best things ever), Squid and Sea Urchin Roll, Eel Kakikage Roll, Bacon Wrapped Mochi, Roasted Garlic, Honey Toast, and their Green Tea (which is so deeply green that it almost glows).. . If you're planning on going on a weekend night between dinner and 10, a reservation will save you a long wait at the door.  Ichiza is tiny, and the waits can be really long, especially if you have a party larger than 2.  The seats at the bar turnover fastest, so parties of 2 get seated fastest.  The parking lot is also amazingly tiny and shared with several other restaurants, so you may have to be willing to walk over from the much larger lot in front of the Chinatown mall.. . The only thing that could make Ichiza better would be bringing back lunch, but I completely understand why they cut that out.  Also, be aware of how much you're ordering.  Like tapas, you can end up with a much larger bill than you expect because you ordered a lot of small plates.  Totally tummy-satisfying and still-reasonable, though.. . I can't wait to see what they dress up in this Halloween!  The only place that might be more fun that night is Anime Ramen, but I doubt it.
A very well rounded japanese restaurant! Back where I'm from (yay Canada!) japanese restaurants are primarily AYCE restaurants run by chinesepeople, and all their menus look the same. Ichiza however, offers a unique menu, and combination of flavours that I have never seen or heard of anywhere else! (ex. bacon wrapped mochi..who would've thought of that! ) . . Overall, I would definitely recommend a big group so you can try most of their menu, and believe me, it is certainly worth the try! If I were to offer criticism though I would say that the Bread thing with ice cream is kind of over hyped. Didn't find it all that special. It was yummy, but nothing unique. At the end of the day though Ichiza is probably my favourite japanese restaurant by far :)
It's a barn burner folks.  Ichiza is straight bomb dot com.  . . The Yellowfish tar tar is one of tastiest things I've EVER eaten.  To say it melts in your mouth doesn't do it justice.  You'll either get tingles or flashbacks once you take the first bite.  I got a bit of both..true story.  They also have the best beef tongue anywhere.  So tender and juicy..if the thought of eating beef tongue disgusts you, take a bite out of Ichiza's beef tongue and your life will be forever changed.  The honey butter is also stupendous...if there's a happy ending to a meal, that'd be it.  Tried a few other items, but those three really stuck out.  I have serious tar tar withdrawal.  This is easily one of the best meals I've ever had..anywhere.  Granted..it's not all that cost efficient, but if you go w/ 6+ ppl, you can try a good amount of their dishes for a decent price.  Definitely coming to Ichiza every time I'm in Vegas.
In Vegas, hunting for great food??? I wont miss out foods from Ballagio to a Danny's. I basically try different restaurants when I visit Vegas each time. This is my new discovery! . . I love their yokitori!! The best I have ever had. I'm from the bay area and also Hawaii! I tried many Japanese restaurants in HI!, they are good, but also pricy! Bay area, sorry, so far I haven't found anywhere is satisfied! There's a good yokitori place called, Yakitori Kokko, foods are decent to above average, but somehow pricy, we spend about 50 each person each visit! . . At Ichiza, foods are better. We had four people and  basically tried the whole menu! We ordered a lot! and ended up paying around a little over 20 each with tips. Of coz price is not the main part. foods are excellent. They have unique menu, and cook/prepare in a very authentic way! The uni w/ panzu is my fav! . . anyway, long story short. It's not pricy, why not to gather 3-4 friends together and try the whole menu together? =] . . Miss the food now, =[ will definitely be back.
One of the best izakaya style restaurants I have been to. I have been to many in Japan and also on Oahu where i live, but this place is comparable to the ones in Japan.. . Recommend the whole ika, croquette, beef tataki, agedashi tofu, to name a few. . . Definitely will be back. . . Tottemo oishii desu!
This place is great if you got the munchies late at night. The restaurant is a Japanese izakaya style restaurant so the food comes in smaller portions. . . Here are some dishes I highly recommend: Beef Tataki, Yellow Tail Tartar, and Beef Tongue Stew, just to name a few. . . The atmosphere is very relaxed and casual and it's a great place to hang out with a small group of friends. The only thing is that this place fills up fast so its probably best to get there early.
Love! My second visit and it was just as good as my first. Sure, the wait is long and ridiculous feeling but I was fine with it. Apparently, you can call and make reservations. Next time I definitely will do this. . . I came here craving the garlic butter chicken gizzards and the uni with ponzu sauce. I completely forgot about the jalapeno fried rice, grilled squid and all these other delicious dishes until I read them off the wall again. . . And I had some of the salmon sashimi and o.m.f.g.! It melted in my mouth. It was so good! Next time I have to remember to order some of that again. . . MmMm! Everything was so good. Our bill wasn't too bad for four. It came out to about $98 and we ordered a lot of food plus dessert.. . I keep remembering all the things I have to come back for... but I also have to remember all the things I need to try too. I wish I lived in Vegas so I could come here all the time..
This place was awesome...great prices, LOVE their ice cream toast dessert, and loving the graveyard hours... This place is small but Worth going to :)
I used to eat here as a regular when I first moved here.  My ex is more familiar with japanese dishes so I let her do the ordering and I do the eating. Its a tapa style place so its impossible to get full from just one dish but on the bright side, you get to try different varieties of food.  . . Everything we've ordered was very satisfying.  I'll tell you my favorites: Tofu Salad, Kimchi Fried Rice, their sashimis and ramen noodles, Sesame Chicken....well to cut it short every damn thing was good.  Oh except the octopus sashimi, what the hell was I thinking but I like to try things I've never tried before.. . People, don't ever make the mistake of ordering honey toast dessert at Tea Station which is just downstairs but force your lazy ass to get up those stairs and come here for Ichiza's honey toast because its way, way better.. . It gets full at times so long waits might be required for bigger parties.  The wait is usually short with me and just another person.  And for you guys with yellow fever, there's this waitress that always wears this purple nike airmax...hella cute.
Ichiza is an inexpensive place with very good food!  I love the Japanese atomesphere there.  I am a big fan of their tuna fried rice, which has salmon egg, mushroom and delicious sauce on it....Yummy!!!. . Forgot to mention.  Love their Honey Toast!!!  I always had honey toast with ice cream when I was in Shanghai but it is hard to find this desert here.  It tastes exactly the same or even better that what I had before.  Highly Recommended for everyone, especially for a group of 4 or more because it is kind of big for 2 people as desert. :D
Went back to Ichiza again and it was even better than the last time. Wifey and I ordered a gazillion dishes because we were drunk and hungry as always. After all, we were in fucking Vegas! Anyways, the food that I remember ordering were the following dishes:. . Uni . Red Snapper Carpaccio. Wasabi Octopus. Yellowtail Tar Tar. Deep-Fried Soft Shell Crab. Grilled Gobo with Pork. Pork Belly Skewers with Shiso. Spicy Fried Chicken. Fried Smelt . . Although the uni isn't fresh from the shell, it still tasted amazing. Ichiza hollows out a whole lemon and puts the uni into the cavity of the lemon with cucumber slices, ponzu sauce, and fresh wasabi. The sour and salty flavors were so yummilicious that it had me moaning like a "walker" from "The Walking Dead". Mmmnnnguuuhhh!. . The red snapper carpaccio was fucking genius. Consisting of red snapper sashimi with shiso, daikon sprouts, and roe atop a bed of sliced lemons. This is the dish to get if you want raw fish. . . The wasabi octopus consists of chopped up raw octopus marinated with fresh wasabi and other flavors. This dish had a cooling aspect that I really enjoyed. I would have given them bonus points if the octopus had been alive (fuck you PETA!).. . The yellowtail tar tar was good, but hard to eat. I have a pretty big mouth and was barely able to fit a whole piece in. Looking around, I realized that maybe you were supposed to eat it in pieces. Regardless, the combination of fried chips, rice, salsa, marinated raw yellowtail, and avocado is something that I think I may have to implement at Casa del Ricardo. Thanks Ichiza!. . The deep-fried soft shell crabs were tasty, but what really made the dish was the ponzu/daikon sauce. I ended up drinking the sauce and asking for more. Also, I am a huge fan of gobo and the combination of grilled pork and gobo was pure bliss. . . Only two of the items tasted meh. The pork belly and shiso was just so-so and the spicy fried chicken had to be the worst dish we ordered. It consisted of fried chicken marinated with "gochu-jang" (Korean chili paste) that made the chicken way too salty. I think we should have just gotten the JFC (Japanese Fried Chicken aka karaage).. . However, I saved the best for last. The fried smelt. Yes it's simple, but it's just so fucking wonderful. In Western cuisine, the animal aspect is taken away from fish. I mean, you order fish filets at restaurants and there are no fucking bones. You order fish and chips and that fish is so deep-fried you have no idea what type of fish you are even eating. Well, with Ichiza's fried smelt, this is not the case. You get three whole smelt fish in all their glory from head-to-tail. What was amazing about these little fish were that they were exploding with roe. In fact, the fish were like 90% eggs! Don't think twice, just put them in your mouth because they are motherfucking oishi!. . ----------------------------------. . On the way back to our hotel, I kept referring to Ichiza as Ichiban (Japanese term meaning "the shiznet") to our Filipino cab driver. I think he must have gotten annoyed because he turned to me and said, "It's Ichiza, sir." And in my drunken stupor I replied, "It's both... it's both manong.". . ----------------------------------. . Wife just reminded me that despite her pinching me, my drunk ass told the head chef at Ichiza that he was Ichiban as well and that I told the server that the food was "cho oishi" in broken Japanese. ROFL.
DON'T BE SCURRED TO WALK AROUND TO LOOK AT THE SPECIALS POSTED ON THE WALLS. . My sister brought me here a few years ago and I've been a fan ever since. She was in town this week and we stopped by here after I picked her up from the airport. She was already tipsy from drinks at SFO cause her flight was delayed so we didn't order bottles of Nigori like usual. . . This is what we ordered:.  . Asahi - large bottle. Mackerel w/miso sauce. Ika-yaki . Stir fried garlic chicken gizzards. Wagyu beef carpaccio. Tako wasabi - they forgot to give this to us. Kimchi fried rice. Salmon w/mozzarella tempura. . They were out Black Cod w/miso sause so we tried the Mackerel. The Markerel is a little salty. The Ika-yaki is another dish that we always get. Tako wasabi is also another dish we always order, but they forgot to give it to us this time. Stir fried garlic chicken gizzards are a must. We tried to order the Butter Clams, but they ran out.. . OPEN LATE AND 10% DISCOUNT CARD
I love Ichiza, my husband and I must go every time we visit Las Vegas.  . . All the foods from there are totally our designs.  . . Here are my favor items:. . Yellowtail Tar Tar (5stars). Livers (only $1.50) (5 stars) - this one tastes like liver steaks . Salmon Belly (4 stars). Oysters (5 stars) - YUM. Sweet Shrimps on the lime cup (5 stars) . . There are more but I can't remember the names.  I used to go onto yelp and look at the photos and orders from there.  . . The price is cheap comparing to everything else in Vegas!! check their menu!! . . I recommended several of my friends to go there and they all loves it!! I'm going again soon, I can't wait!!
This is one of the few authentic izakaya's in Las Vegas and is a gem if you can find it. The food is amazing and very unique. This isn't your typical sushi joint, but you will be delighted to see some authentic dishes (small plates/tastes) of some hardcore Japanese food. There are ton of items to choose from as the walls are all pastedwith various menu items.. . I always enjoy the beef tongue skewers (it taste WAY more better than it sounds) and the Salmon Belly is so buttery that it melts in your mouth. . . If you have enough room leftover...the honey toast is amazing. Think a toasted loaf of bread, drizzled in warm honey, with ice cream. Awesome.
So far Ichiza is by far my favorite izakaya style restaurant. I don't have to be in Japan to experience authentic hardcore Japanese food.. . My favorite is the ika yaki and, honey toast with ice cream. Yummy!!
a locals eatery of well prepared traditional japanese. amazing staff and well rounded menu. escape the whorish bustle of the strip and have a nice PG rated meal tonight.
I've been coming here for 10 years.  Every single time, the food is outstanding.  My family would dine here every Christmas, as we come into town from LA for the holidays.  The food, it's so good that my brother starts giggling while he's eating.  I recommend the beef bowl.  Even the rice in the beef bowl is fantastic.  Love the black cod, cold seaweed, and honey toast!  But overall, everything is seriously delicious.  Thank you Ichiza for being my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!
Go this place if you want to taste the Authentic Japanese Cuisine!. I highly recommend this place with their quality of food.. . Price is affordable. Service is alright.. It's all about the taste.. . This restaurant is always packed so you should make a reservation before you go.. I waited 40 minutes to be seated but IT'S WORTH IT.
First time eating this type of Japanese food and it was great!  The food was fresh and the service was excellent.  We flew into Vegas for a business trip and my wife wanted to eat here.  It was simply a great experience.  When we were eating, we talked to a bunch of locals and they too raved about how great the place is.  I definitely recommend this place for Japanese tapas!
I came here with my husband on a business trip that he had.  I heard about this place through a friend and decided that I wanted to try it.    . . We were seated right away (bear in mind this was on a weekday and we came in just as they opened).  The place was cozy and you can see the kitchen staff preparing the food.  I knew this place was going to be authentic...the kitchen staff were Japanese!  There are other Japanese restaurants that I've been to in the bay area and the kitchen staff are not Japanese.. . We were a little overwhelmed with the selection, even though they provided a menu for us the restaurant had placed a variety of different items on the wall that was not on the menu.  We kept on looking at the wall for the things to order vs. the menu since it looked like there were more items on the wall than the menu. . . We told our server we have never been at the restaurant before and asked for her recommendation.  She was extremely helpful and told us what the most popular dishes were.  We ordered the following:. . Grilled squid - yummy!. Marinated fried chicken - our favorite dish. Grilled black cod - this was my 2nd favorite!. seared beef . Sea Urchin. Oysters. Agedashi tofu - same as any other restaurant but had to get my this since I love tofu. Shrimp & Eggplant. Sushi with tuna and spinach. Beef tongue & chicken gizzard skewers. Honey toast for dessert. . The food was AMAZING!  We were so stuffed by the time dessert came around but I HAD to try the honey toast.  The honey toast is a great creation, I would have never thought about that but now that I have tasted it I can easily make this at home for the kids to try.  It's good but nothing to go out of the way to eat if you have had it once.. . The next time we go back to Vegas, we're definitely going to come back!
After arriving in Las Vegas late night on Friday, my friend and I were looking for a good sushi place to eat that was open until 4am so we ended up here. This was more in "China Town" so it was a bit off the strip but it was well worth it. The place was located upstairs in the plaza and it was very cozy. Even around 1:30AM there were quite a few people there. The hostess and servers were really nice and very accommodating but our server was a bit hard to understand at times but she didn't mind repeating things for us. I loved how attentive they were to us and how the manager himself called the cab for us when we requested it.. . Note: There is more to the menu than what they hand you. There are a lot of items that they serve on the wall. If anything, just ask your server for help deciding what to order. Ours was amazing and we liked everything she recommended.. . The food will be annotated since I'm already a week late:. . Beef Tongue: One skewer with thick grilled slices of beef tongue. It had a good flavor to it and the meat was tender with a nice texture.. . Toro (Tuna): They had all 3 grades. We bought the highest grade and it was served with the under-skin attached. The sashimi was served in huge thick slices. The sashimi came with sliced radish, black fish eggs, and wasabi. This was delicious as the tuna just melted in your mouth and then the skin added a nice texture to the fish.. . Yellowtail Cocktail: Reminded me of a sushi taco. It had two friend wonton wrappers with rice in between with a mix of diced tomatoes, kewpie, green onions, yellowtail sashimi, and avocado. I really enjoyed the crunch of the wonton wrappers and the wonderful "cocktail" on top. The flavor was delicious, the sashimi was fresh and prominent, and the tomatoes, green onions, and avocado added a nice flavor and texture to it all.. . Gizzard: One skewer with slightly charred gizzard. I liked this overall for the taste and texture, but I think I was more distracted by the other dishes.. . Black Cod Fish Filet: If you like a really buttery tasting fish, you'll love this one. This was grilled so it had a nice crispy skin, but on the inside was flakey, buttery, and oily like a well-cooked Chilean sea bass. This had a fall-apart-and-melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness that was slightly sweet and savory.. . Saba Grilled Miso: Had a good savory flavor with a touch of miso. I really liked the crisp skin that contrasted the juicy but slightly chewy meat. As with any Saba, it had a bit of a fishy flavor, but the fishy flavor wasn't as prominent like when you eat the sashimi.. . Salmon Sashimi: Well worth the price! There were 5 thick, 1 cm cuts of salmon. It was an amazingly good portion, beautiful presentation, and good marbling on each piece.. Tuna Poki: This was fresh blue fin tuna mixed with seaweed salad that had 4 different types of seaweed in it. Each one added a different but nice texture to the dish. I liked the nice soy sauce and sesame seed flavor.. . Another thing to note here was a good selection of sake.. . Overall, I had an amazing experience. The place is open late. The service was great: really nice, always refilled our waters, cleared our plates, made sure we didn't need anything, got everything we needed promptly, and helped us order delicious food. The food was amazing: the portions were good, sushi was fresh, flavor was amazing, and the presentation of each plate was pretty. I can't wait to come back here again!
I visited Ichiza twice so far, and both times have been exceptional! I love how it looks just like if you're in Japan. The hostess welcomes you warmly as soon as you open the door. I sat at the bar on both occasions. The hostesses are very kind also on the farewell. The servers have both been pretty good with their English and their manners, always smiling and happy to explain the menu.. Of the things I've tried 1st visit... the ramen with pork it was delicious; the sashimi platter (great portions for one as a main meal); the Tuna Poki was soooo good!; the crepe with banana was great too. Had other items but can't remember! Everything was delicious though. . On my 2nd visit I was just craving sushi, so I went and tried to order a roll but on the menu there are only 3 rolls. So I asked the waitress, she pointed a the wall above the bar and there were the sushi rolls... in Japanese! . So I simply told her I'm allergic to shellfish and if the chef could make me a roll with fish such as tuna/salmon/yellowtail it would be great. She spoke to the chef and a few minutes later BHAM! the perfect roll! The chef is a psychic, I thought! Salmon/cucumber inside, rice outside, tuna/yellowtail on top outside, avocado and masago on top of the each cut piece. Just what I needed at 2AM! I just love the freshness and the texture of their fish, it's very high on the quality meter! . They have a good selection of Sake, beer, and wine (yumm!).. I'm so lucky to live near China Town, I'll be coming back for more!
I'm a HUGE FAN of Ichiza. I was lucky enough to be able to walk-in and get a table after only a 15 minute wait on a Friday night around 8:30 pm. In the past, I couldn't even get a reservation at a decent time, but the odds must've been in favor this time. . . Beef tongue - Tsukune and beef tongue are my tests for good yakitori and Ichiza delivered. Really good!. Yellowtail tar tar - My favorite of the night.. Kimchee fried rice - Nothing spectacular, but nice to have some rice to eat with some of the other items ordered.. Fried chicken - Simple yet delicious, especially with the accompanying dipping sauce.. Tsukune - Smaller in size than some, but super good!. Eel tempura roll - Looked inventive, but essentially just an eel tempura roll. Good, but not great.. Black cod - Buttery deliciousness.. Honey toast - So very sweet. One person cannot finish this. In fact, three people cannot finish this.. . Food came out at a good pace. Staff was attentive and friendly. The actual menu doesn't even touch on all the other items you can order. There are so many more items on the wall that I have to try next time. I think I will have to make a trip here every time I come back to Vegas.
Great, inexpensive and authentic Izakaya-style restaurant.   Reasonable prices, good sake selection and interesting menu with lots of specials.  Probably not the best place if you want sushi but they did have several sashimi options of "not the usual" fish they imported from Japan.  They have tables and communal style seating.  I'm very picky about Japanese food and this is about as good as it gets for informal, izakaya style food.
I've been going to Ichiza before Yelp was around, so the amount of check-ins i have don't do me justice. (currently its 1). .   I was in high school when i first went here. It was busy, cramped and just how i imagine japan to be. Tables full, a sushi bar and they even have a Kotatsu-like area that makes Ichiza a very homy place.  But the thing that attracted me the most were the pieces of paper posted on the wall which turns out to be menu items! and i'm still on a mission to try each and every one of their items. (i think i'm about 80% ^_^).   . Ichiza is basically all japanese cuisine rolled in to one place. (no pun intended) only thing missing is a teppanyaki grill. if you're the type who orders a lot  instead of just one main course then this place is definitely for you. from donburi to yakitori, sushi to ramen, and everything else in between Ichiza is THE place to experience something new, or to just fill your tummy during late hours. . . Tips:. . -always check the wall to see whats new, if not sure ask the servers. they're friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and cute too.. . . Recommendations: . . -Buttered Corn (sweet buttered corn on top of wonton chips). -Yellowtail Tartar (crispy bite sized yellowtail sandwiches topped with avocado ). -Sakana Pinchos(mackerel, tuna, squid, shrimp mixed and matched in nigiri form). -okonomiyaki (japanese savory pancake, topped with bonito and mayo). -beef bowl (exceptionally delicious beef bowl). -uni mochi (sounds weird? try it). -custard with uni (ohhhh yeaaaahhh...). -ankimo (fish liver.... dont get intimidated by the word liver.. just try it). crispy chow mien (fried noodles topped with a dark mushroom sauce). -honey toast (its an Ichiza tradition to end your meal with it!). theres so much more but.... just go dammit!
Located a few minutes from the Vegas Strip, Ichiza is a welcome break from the endless $1.99 shrimp cocktail specials and all-you-can-eat buffets.  This small and authentic Japanese hole-in-the-wall is a favorite among Vegas locals and for good reason...everything is delicious and dirt, dirt cheap.  . . My table ordered:. Ramen DX - The miso based broth was a bit bland and watery but the tender braised pork cheek topping was to quote Penny from Happy Endings "A-mah-zing!". Crab Fried Rice - For a little less than $8 you get a HUGE serving of fried rice with tons of fresh jumbo lump crab meat!  No imitation crab meat here..no siree Bob!  An order of this in the DMV area would cost at least $14.. Blue Fin Tuna Poki - I prefer my poki with ahi tuna but that is just personal preference.  The fish was very fresh and seasoned perfectly with a blend of soy sauce, sesame oil, and sesame seeds.. Beef Tongue Skewer - I will eat almost anything but not tongue (tongue bumps are one of the greatest fears in my life).  However this got rave reviews from my table mates for its tenderness and mild flavor.. Miso Marinated Black Cod - Buttery, flaky and light -- I can't complain (although I will say I prefer Kushi's version a bit  better because it has a stronger flavor).  . Beef Tataki - Surprisingly my tongue eating friends would not touch this dish because the beef was served rare.  I on the other hand ate the entire dish with gutso.  . Honey Toast - This is basically a big stack  of toasted sandwich bread, slathered in honey and ice cream.  Totally worth the wait.  . . Total damage?  $59. . I don't even think David Blaine could conjure up something as magical as this himself.
Let's just get to the nitty gritty and talk about Las Vegas' favorite dessert. . Honey Toast - Yeah, half a loaf of bread. Toasted. Shaped like a house. Topped with Vanilla Ice Cream. Drizzled with Honey. Self explanitory. Delicious. Wanna go eat some more. Bomb. The End.
One of the most creative Japanese bar-food restaurants (I think it's called izakaya) that I've ever been to. The selection of dishes is great here and an awesome place to hang out for dinner, late-night snacks/drinks, etc etc. Definitely one of the best hits in Vegas, imo. . . Here's what I recommended: . . - Red Snapper Carpaccio: Amazingly fresh, great sauce and pretty presentation. . . - Yellowtail Tar Tar: Very creative and kind of look like a sandwich with yellowtail/avocado on top, crisps on two sides and sticky rice in middle. Interesting combination but turned out very tasty and filling at the same time. . . - Octopus Wasabi: my all-time favorite and the portion here is generous and price is wayyyyy reasonable! . . - Uni Toasted Mochi: never ever had this before and it was surprisingly tasty. Another creative combination that is to keep; fresh soft sea urchin on top and sticky toasted mochi on bottom that brings out extra texture and taste. yummmm. . - Smelt, smelt, smelt: tried both deep fried and grilled....definitely stick with the grilled ones...omg, can never have enough of those. Too bad some the Japanese restaurants I go to in NY stopped carrying smelts, a really sad case. . . - Beef Tongue Skewer: tender, juicy, and squeeze a bit lemon juice on it, sooo sooo good. . . -Beef Tataki: raw beef with seared sides...one of my husband's favorites.. . -Stir fried chicken gizzard: very flavorful and another great dish to have while sipping sake ;). . . Overall, food was great, service was very friendly and most importantly, this place opens past midnight! A great place to chill off the strip.
This is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas and favorite Japanese restaurant in the entire United States. People crack me up complaining about it being busy or hard to get a table. Get yourself a reservation, deal with it, or go somewhere else. It's busy because the food is amazing, and the selection is unbeatable.
Great place to eat with friends, always busy, and atmosphere is always fun. There might be some wait at time but I always take my friends here when we are in the moodfor some japanese food.
Order the scallops with salmon.there's only 2 per order for $5 but it's so good!!!!!
I can't say anymore good things about this place that hasn't already been said.  I will just list a couple of my must eats when I go.. . Garlic Chicken Gizzard. Beef Tataki. Tuna Tataki. Tempura Eel Kakiage Roll. Black Cod. Grilled Squid. Octopus Cucumber Seaweed Salad. ...just to name a few.
Love this place!! Tough to get a seat during busy hours, but worth it. The variety of dishes is mind blowing, and the service is great. I have yet to try a dish that I did not like...although the Black Cod and Crispy Fried Chicken have to be a couple of my favs. And of course, the Honey Toast is legendary. Now if only they could magically add more tables.....lol.
This is the second time I have been to this place and I love it. It is located in China town and  it is not your typical Japanese restaurant. They don't have a lot of rolls like everyone else. The menu is always changing and you should order from the wall if you like something different. This time around my friend and I ordered:. . Mushroom wrapped in chicken skin- I liked this but my friend didn't. She doesn't care for chicken skin.. Cold Ramen Noodle- This was good. It had chicken, bean sprouts, mushrooms and a few other things in it. I would order this again.. Mackerel- This fish was good. It was sweet tasting.. Tofu Steak- Too spicy for me. I couldn't even taste or feel my mouth for a long time.. Seafood Scallop rock and roll- two bite sized pieces. These were really good. I would order again. . Deep Fried Bacon wrapped pork tenderloin- This was really big. I was expecting bite sized nope not really. This item was just okay. I don't think I would order it again. The first few bits were good but the size of the pork on the stick was big.  . . The service is okay. They are always busy so you cant always get the best service and just so you know we went at 9pm on a Thursday and it was packed and people were still coming in. If you have a big party I recommend reserving a table.
This is the best authentic Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas, and I would honestly say in the United States as well. You may find better individual dishes elsewhere, but Ichiza specializes in having a multitude of amazing dishes from all types of Japanese cuisine. Think of it like a tapas style Japanese restaurant. I always say that if you are craving a certain international food... find out where people from that country eat (my wife included). That's Ichiza. Ha ha ha! ENJOY!
Great place to eat. The skewers are the shit. Try the liver, beef tongue and gizzards then sprinkle it with the pepper season. The beef tataki is also a good choice too if your into seared beef. This place is worth it if your into munching on small food and drinking.
Came here in June with my buddies and damn this place is addicting.  Surprised I never came to this place after going to Vegas 10 times.   The fried squid legs, beef wagyu, and hamachi cerviche were so bomb.  From now on, everytime I go Vegas, I will visit this amazing place.
This place is pretty amazing and truly authentic The food is delish!. Its also incredible that they are open late ! P.S. It gets pretty busy especially on the weekends but it is well worth the wait !
I love the ramenDX or DS? With pork belly! The eel roll with spicy tuna, tofu tuna salad! the ambiance, and plenty of sake!
On the second floor of a strip mall off of Spring Mountain and Arville in the Chinatown area has a great Japanese restaurant called Icheza.. . The restaurant is rarely slow.  That tells you that this place is doing something right!  Best time to avoid having to wait an hour or two is to come in right when they open at 4pm or really late night before they close.  On a Friday or Saturday night, even late night sometimes the place is crowded.  . . You get a wide variety of people, a mix of young and old.  I have met poor college. students to a CEO of a Japanese company eating at the Icheza sushi bar.. . The prices are reasonable!  You can order many dishes for around $5.  Two people have a nice dinner for $40.. . Most of the staff are Japanese.  This helps give Icheza a unique feel of an actual Japanese restaurant in Japan.  To American standards, Icheza's dining area is small.  There is one "sharing" table that seats up to 10 people, six tables for 4, two Japanese style tables where you take off your shoes that seat 8 and a sushi bar that seats 12.. . With the limited seating, make sure to call in a reservation if you are planning on eating during prime time or take your chances.  Odds are, you will be waiting at least an hour.  The staff is friendly but busy.  Give Icheza a try!
So happy to have found this place!  The menu is extensive and all of the sashimi was fresh and generously cut. I loved the beef tongue... Yum!  Prices were reasonable for a good sushi place.
Amazing variety of authentic Japanese dishes.  Very good service.  Great sashimi.  Great eats off the strip.  Good pricing.  Gets busy so find a time that works.
This place has so much to choose from, but my favorite would have to be the Yakitori, especially the beef tongue. I don't think you could go wrong with much of anything on or off the menu here.
This was my very first Japanese restaurant I had ever gone to. I started going here in 2005, and have kept going ever since. The owner knows me too.. Some of the best dishes. Beef tataki- YES. OMG YES. PONZU AND BEEF. I order this every time I go. Udon- AMAZING. best shoyu ever. Udon cooked to perfection.. Namagaki (Raw Oysters)- In short, eating this bring me pleasure. Amazing!. Honey Toast- Your life will be divided into two section. Your life before honey toast and your life after honey toast.
I've tried countless Japanese restaurants and have succeeded in already naming a few off the top of my head. This one is different because I would come here just for their honey toast. Better than a brick toast at Guppy's in California, better than any toast I've had by far in any Asian restaurant. It's big enough for two to three people to share. It's really simple, but simple ingredients go a long way. Hot buttery toast with a huge scoop of vanilla ice cream drizzled in honey... it's the best thing ever. Ok, their ramen is good too.
Amazing Japanese food.  Reasonable prices.  That in itself merits the 5-star rating.  But I will elaborate.. . Ahi Poki - Perfect blend of meaty ahi tuna, kelp, and [I believe] sesame and ponzu sauce.  Taste and texture was all there, fish was the freshest I've had for a while.. . Seared Mackerel Roll - Meaty slabs of mackerel!  Rice was cooked just right.  DROOL.... . Sakana Pinchos - Mistakenly labeled 'Pachinko' in the pictures section.  This is a perfect treat for those of you who wished for a meatier roll.  I am personally a carnivore, and couldn't have dreamed up a better roll.. . Uni Roll w/ Squid & Beans - The pre-requisites for loving this roll are (1) You enjoy uni/sea urchin, and (2) You like the fermented beans.  I only satisfied #1, but I still really liked it.. . Yellowtail Tar Tar - Excellent variation of a crunchy roll, comprised of something like a yellowtail "poki", crispy wonton wrap, and their awesome rice.. . Honey Toast - If anyone has ever been to a Guppy House, and had the brick toast, it's the same concept.  It was good IMO, not amaze-balls, but a very good way to conclude the meal nonetheless.. . I think that's it. It was freezing that night, so we saw a lot of ramen going around, and it looked and smelled good, so I guess I could recommend that too.. . 5 Stars. GO.
Sushi in Vegas.. Minus the obvious buffets available out there where you can stuff your face with as much as you want.. this restaurant located off the strip brings you a more traditional Japanese environment with great decor and delicious food. Many of my friends and other strangers I've met rave about this place... and I'm glad I was able to try it.. . Most days you'll find people waiting outside for the restaurant to open.. which is a good sign. I wasn't able to try their apparently infamous honey toast that so many people talk about, however basing my reviews on the bento and the various a la carte sushi items I ordered.. I must say it was a wonderful experience. The uni inside a lemon with ponzu.. was amazing.. . I'll have to come back again.. and try that honey toast. heheh.
we finally 'graduated' and get a table right away at this place!!! :) I think that some would like to keep this place a secret... so I will just say, you have to appreciate that this is a local spot. $15 pitchers of beer, small plates and sushi! You will share a table with others if you come in alone or with one other. Its authentic and fresh. . . highlights : Mackerel, octopus, croquette, black cod, uni, and their skewers are great for sharing. We love the honey toast and the banana dessert (I forget the name).. . Ichiza, you never disappoint!
Continues to be great food!  After ordering about 15 items or so, here's the standouts:. . Vegetable croquettes - perfect crisp, awesome flavor.. . Ichiza Ramen DX - Continues to be great broth, springy noodles, and perfectly cooked half egg.  Pork belly was a little bit overdone, but the only weakness I'd say.. . Broiled rice - so simple, so delicious, so surprisingly good.. . Chicken skewers - Phenomenal!  So tender, so delicious.... . Chicken balls - I wasn't as big of a fan, but two of my dining mates loved it and dubbed it the best dish of the night.. . Tofu steak - Super tender tofu, a nice crisped outing, very tasty!. . Beef tongue skewer - Tender and well seasoned!  Excellent.. . Honey Toast - Honestly, solely because of this dish, I may make my way to Ichiza every time I'm in Vegas.... soooo good and what a way to end a great meal already.. . Verdict:  Do it.  Go early if you can before it fills up (even on weekends) and enjoy a great meal.  The four of us had a ton of dishes, two bottles of sake, and came out to around $25 a person for some spectacular food.  And vegetarian friendly!
Ichiza, you're my late night Vegas dining spot from now on. We went back to back  after 1am Sat & Sun nights. I could go on about how each dish we ordered was delicious but I'd be wasting your time. Join the adventure yourself of reading the walls, asking table neighbors, and pointing at dishes being brought out from the kitchen. Every part of the experience was fun.. . Somehow several small plates later, when you're full and ready for the check, Do Not Forget to order the Honey Toast: THE best dessert offered on Spring Mt Road. Oddly enough we made friends both nights with complete strangers (locals, out of towners, and Canadians). All part of the Ichiza experience!
This place is simply amazing. The food is always so good, the staff is always very friendly and I have a blast whenever I head over there.
This is the place you want to be when you've had a great night out and it's time to get something to eat with some friends. It's just so good. Friendly people and a great vibe late at night.  So glad to have this in Vegas.
two words = honey toast
Came here with three friends for a late night dinner, and we definitely were stuffed! The food was great (not to mention pretty cheap), they had a large selection and portions were pretty big. The location serves a decent amount of people, though I wouldn't suggest bringing a large group - the restaurant was pretty full for a late Monday night. Service was fast, the servers were very friendly and answered all our questions. NOT TO MISS: order their Honey Toast! Perfect way to end a meal.
Love love love!!!!! Best authentic Japanese place I've ever been to!!! Sucks that its in Vegas.... x( I would come here all the time if it was in my neighborhood... I always order the yellowtail tar tar!! Freakin bomb~~~!! The yaki udon is pretty good too!! Beef tataki was my boyfriend's favorite so we ordered 2!... the shrimp fried rice was good.. personally I can't be amazed by fried rice... its just fried rice.... we split a ramen which was pretty good too.. don't remember what else we ordered but at the end for dessert we had to get the brick toast! One was good enough for 4 of us cuz we ate so much....!! Will always come here if I'm in Vegas!! Don't care that its off the strip.. don't care if there is always at least 30mins to an hour wait..... SO FREAKIN WORTH IT!!!
We love this place! It's got a great energy, good food, and it's just a fun place to hang out. We were in Vegas for the weekend and were looking for someplace casual, and off the beaten path and Ichiza really fit the bill. Order the little skewers like the chicken meatballs and the beef tongue. They're great with a hot sake!
The fatty Blue Fin Tuna was awesome, as was all the sashimi on the menu. This is definitely worth the visit off the strip.
Favorite go to place for Japanese. Hunting for items on wall is a good time. Dont know how it compares to Japan but seems damn close to it. . Little bit of a wait but not what I thought.  30 minutes for four on Sat 7PM. CHEAP!!
Salmon sashimi was so fresh and delicious! Bluefin was great! I also tried a piece of the cod baked in miso which was very nice. I don't know what they were smoking when they came up with the honey toast, but it was a gooood idea! Yummy!
Ichiza is so good!. They have a huge selection!. I especially love their egg & tuna sald and beef curry.. I'm telling you it's the best curry in town.. It's a must to try out this place
The staple of my entire life in Vegas...I'm so, so thrilled that they've added a bento option for low-traffic times (the only times I can handle going at this point). It's such a good deal, with an amazing amount of variety. A lot of the bento dishes are served on a rotating basis, which makes every order kind of exciting. . . Outside of the bento, virtually everything you can order comes out perfect and delicious -- from the standard ramen/tempura bowl/etc. to the more adventurous fare.
I just love this 5 Star Offering upstairs at the corner of Spring Mountain and Arville, China Town Style.  GO TO CHINA TOWN in VEGAS!   Be adventurous, be satisfied!. . THis place is classic.  The menu is the walls, every dish is on a paper on the wall, plus they have a menu, but the menu cannot hold all the offerings so they started using the walls.  I have to say, its brilliant!  Small place, get there early, or get a reso.. . Probably my favorite Sushi Bar in Vegas, its got a vibe that is just so hip and trendy, Its like being in Japan or something.  Something is on the grill too, the food is insane, and I have ordered everything I can think of and it was all stellar.   Its beer and date friendly, parties for birthdays would be killer here, people would be full and happy.  In fact, I always leave happy saying, I will be back here soon.. . IN fact, I will.  Its totally the way to go in China town.  Start HERE and go to others after. THis is the STANDARD in Vegas Littlle China Town....I love this town.  Vegas offers everything and this is one of em!   5 STAR RECOMMENDED!  . . Bring girl or guy, bring girl or guy home!   lol
This is my favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas!. . Like most Asian restaurants the service is just okay. As a half Asian I am not too concerned about service (it's a culture thing) and am used to waitresses that are too busy to really give you great service, having to share a table with other people, etc. But Ichiza has never done me especially wrong service wise. . . What I love about this place is the variety, Not only food-wise but price-wise as well. There are tons of things to choose from and if you want to get full for around $10, you can. If you are feeling a bit more fancy and can to spend more to get a couple dishes, you can. . . I never get tired of going here because there is always something new to try (plus so many things that I have not yet tried). I have heard from other friends that the food quality has gone down, but in truth I have not really noticed it. . . Love it!
this play was pretty damn authentic Japanese restaurant for yakitori, sashimi, ramen and MORE!  DELICIOUS!!!!  sit at the sushi bar or take off ur shoes and sit in their more traditional tables.  probably the best yellowtail sashimi i have ever eaten. buttery and perfectly sliced...ok just eat here.
To me, this is one of the best places to eat in town if you're looking for asian food. The menu is vast, prices are great and quality of food is spot on! You could get a meal here for 2 and not spend more than $20 with the tip included! Of course I'm a piggie so I tend to spend quite a bit more.. . You can get anything from sushi rolls to udon to ramen to chicken katsu. The last time we went, I got the yellowtail tar tar,hamachi kama, spicy tuna spinach roll with fresh wasabi, grilled ika, eggplant and shrimp and a few other things I honestly can't remember. All were excellent. THEN came the Honey Toast! Frankly, I don't get excited for bread, ice cream and honey, but man was this delicious!! Definitely something I recommend!
My favorite Japanese restaurant. I love everything here! I have to stop here every time I am in Vegas. The service is excellent. Makes you feel like you're in Japan. It's different cuz the menu is posted on the wall throughout the restaurant. Kind of hard to see what's at the other end. Wide selection of food. Def have to try this lace if you're in Vegas.
I don't think I've ever had a bad dish here. EVERYTHING here is delicious. My favorite dishes had to be:. - Tofu with Ponzu sauce: Simple dish but cooked so well. The herbs in the ponzu sauce goes so well with the soft tofu with the crispy shell. - Takoyaki: I standard staple food that is well made with a hot center with octopus tentacles with a sweet sauce. - Beef Tongue: A tender cut and the seasoning goes well with the meat. - Chicken Gizzard: Again, great seasoning and cooked well. - Beef Tataki Carpaccio: It was sweet and you will never see raw meat the same again. - Brick Toast: Sweeter and creamier than other places that make Brick Toast. . There are so many dishes to choose from that I want to try it all! The only questionable item was the Seafood Quesadilla which tasted okay. I am willing to wait in the long line so that I can eat here again and try more of their dishes! (Come early because there is always a long wait).
This place is a treat.. . My brother and I started off with garlic chicken gizzards, beef tatake carpaccio, and beef tongue skewers. I won't go into details of taste and texture, I will simply say, delicious and cooked beautifully. See for your self how the soft prosciutto-like textured, light, yet complex tasting, beef carpaccio does for you. . . We followed with yellow tail tar-tar, hokke (recommended very much), and 2 raw oysters (hands down, best oyster in las Vegas). And I won't go into textures or tastes. You'll have to see for yourself what the melt-in-your mouth, clean yet briny, lightly drizzled with caviar and garlic (and a few other mouth watering tastes), colorful & gorgeously presented oysters will do for you.. . We finished with an Atlantic Bass sashimi. To give you an idea of how beautifully executed this dish was, by the head chef (Takashi), imagine this (for sashimi lovers only....); a beautiful 14 inch Bass with the head and tail) , perfectly filleted , and presented, meatless on a plate, while its sashimi is displayed atop his body on mint leves and greens, served with a light sauce to compliment the delicate, buttery texture, and light, sweet natural taste. The chef knows what parts of the fish are most tender, and serves them to you on a separate plate, so that you may differentiate and partake in consciously knowing what parts of the fish you are consuming. Smply beautiful. . . After finishing, they asked us if we wanted the meatless fish fried (head, tail, a few other meaty parts/ fin connections etc.) . Of course! They served the fish, tatesfully breaded In a buttery, salty batter, and deep fried. Simply perfect.. . Take your time and enjoy each piece, you will be satisfied.
I discovered this place when I lived in Vegas and now that I'm living in Cali - I still come here at least once a month. The prices are very low and the quality is great. Tip: You can order sake while you wait to be seated.
Late night is not my best time. I'm not sure how I wrangled myself a job that requires me to work until the wee hours of the morning (12:15 is wee hours for me--quit judging my Golden Girl sensibilities). But late night is okay when it means amazing ramen at Ichiza after work.. . They only had one ramen left, but luckily my friend and I wanted each a half order. Yummmmm. I'm not sure what they do to their pork belly, but it is full of deliciousness. I think fairies sprinkle it with happy dust before they plop it in your bowl. It melts in your mouth with fairy dust deliciousness.. . It's really tiny in here, only seating about 50-60 people, but it's well worth it...especially after you get done working and just want to unwind with a bowl of broth and noodles and bean sprouts. . . Late night happens for me so infrequently, but Ichiza makes staying up past 10 p.m. worth it.
I feel like I need to emphasize that this is my favorite restaurant. Food, experience, service, everything. But mostly, the food. Lets get to it. . . Classic Izakaya aka beer, drinking food, good times. I usually have to get a few items. Yellowtail tartare, beef tataki, grilled salmon belly, Agedashi tofu, sashimi salad and uni mochi. From there I like to switch it up picking and choosing a few items from the menu and the wall! Sashimi salmon and yellowtail, okonomiyaki, oysters with ponzu sauce, beef tongue stew, seafood quesadilla, jalapeno fried rice, etc list goes on and on. And on.. . I visit Vegas maybe once or twice a year. I frequent Ichiza as many times. It is pretty close to the strip (not really walking distance, take a cab!) and it's located in Chinatown. If you have a large party, they do accommodate but call and make a reservation! Now eat there! Really. EAT THERE. NOW. . . Oh! Dessert! Try the Honey Toast. Better to share. Pretty Amaze.
pros...well before i forget about ichiza in Las Vegas, i must yelp it.  went here last year for thanksgiving weekend.  first time and it was so fun.  it is a packed and happening place for japanese bar food, or izakaya.  i just love that there are hand written notes on specials all over the place.  some in english, some in japanese and some in both.  and each section has a different special, i don't think i saw the same one twice.  so you have to look around the whole restaurant to make sure you don't miss anything.  . . the wait was good, even for it being thanksgiving weekend.  we waited just about 20 minutes, which was pretty good, as they told us it would be more like 30 minutes.  we got seated and once we ordered, the food was arriving about 10 minutes later.  i can say that everything we had was good.  i loved the spicy sushi roll, and we also had very delicious bacon wrapped asparagus.  i had some curry and it was just the right thing for that cold night.  . . cons...crowded, if you are closterfobic than this is one good place to avoid.  or perhaps you can get your food to go?  well the bathroom was not so clean and looked a bit run down as well.  but it worked.  and the building it is in, is reminscent of ones found in china and korea.  those steps are like a foot high and 6 inches deep, the worst of both worlds.  and there are like 9000 steps to get to the second floor.  and parking, wow, that's another crazy part, not enough for this building at all.  i felt that i had to joust for a parking space, luckily for me i had a rental van with walk away insurance.  go ahead hit me, i don't care.
Had the ramen, yellowtail tar tar, eel roll with tempura (forgot the name), spider roll & honey toast. Everything was great! Worth the wait & I'll definitely eat there again when I'm in Vegas!
Went here for the first time tonight, and I love it!. . I actually hate fried rice, or thought I did, since the only kind I've ever had is the shitty Panda Express crap. I know, I'm a deprived child. Anyway, I figured out that it doesn't taste like that at all and now I am officially in love with this shinanigans!. . I forgot the name of the type I had, someone else ordered it for me, but I believe it was the seafood one. A little spice to it and was perfect in every way. Now if only I could figure out the use of chopsticks without looking like an idiot!. . Also had some tofu, which was super soft, so it was also a little hard for me to manage to eat, but I liked it all the same.. . The great grand finale, was the honey bread. OH MER GERD! It's not even like, a slice of bread, its this huge square loaf that is drizzled in honey and icecream, and was sooooo good. It hurt to eat cause I was so full but I couldn't stop. . . If you come here, get the honey bread, and your life will be complete and all voids in your soul will be filled. That is all.
The food was delicious and great customer service. Will definitely come back again.
Had blue fin (extra fatty): it was buttery and awesome. Crab fried rice: also awesome. Spider roll: best spider roll I ever had. Beef tongue skewers: awesome and not rubbery like a lot of places. Beef carpaccio ( or however the hell you spell it): melts in your mouth also awesome. White tail tar tar: not a fan of cilantro, but this tasted great. Corn butter nachos or whatever its called was awesome! Fed 3 people for $100 including tip. Not bad at all!
In light of our upcoming Vegas trip, it reminds me that I need to review this place.  . . Came upon this place for late night eats and OMG, this place seriously blows my mind.  On our last trip, we made at least 2-3 stops here for grub after drinking.  I would say I was a lil buzzed one night, but the other nights, we were just hungry and looking for grub!  Even when you are full as s#&8#t, you still wanna come here!  Their food is just amazing!  . . I love me some Udon noodle soup and I will eat this dish be it on a hot day or a cold chilly night.  They have an Udon dish on their menu, but that's not what I had wanted so I simply asked them for beef udon and they gladly said they would make it for me.  Man, something about the broth of the soup, the beef so tender, the texture of the noodles just right.  It was definitely amazeballs!  Of course, from the first night in getting this dish, I got it repeatedly after that.  I'm so looking forward to another bowl on the next trip.  Drool!  . . We also ordered a special sushi roll from the wall menu, I don't even remember what it's called now..but it had some bbq eel and some deep fried yam/shrimp thing on top and man it was bomb diggity.  The sushi roll itself and the eel and fried whatever it was went perfect together.  Mouth full of goodness is all I can remember.  . . We also ordered a couple appetizers as well, I believe one of them may have been the squid dish.  Then as you move onto dessert, you know you gotta get the all time famous honey toast.  A big block of toast, warm, soft and yummy tenderness with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and honey... It is the perfect ending to a great dinner.  . . Friendly staff, place fills up quick, small joint, reasonable prices, great grub!  Looking forward to seeing you again real soon!
On our most recent Vegas trip, we came here for lunch twice in 3 days!  Amazing food, amazing value, and totally worth the cab ride or drive if you like Japanese food - it's just a 5-10 minute drive straight down Spring Mountain Rd.. . Between our two meals, we had: . Agedashi tofu ($4.75). Buttered clams ($6.50). Half ramen with vegetables ($4.95) . Uni and ponzu served in a hollowed out lemon with cucumber ($6.50). Tofu salad with tuna sashimi ($8.50). Deep fried small prawns ($5). Salmon and ikura salad ($6.95). Boiled cold spinach with sesame sauce ($2.75). . Everything was amazing.  The food quality is outstanding, and the portions are larger than I expected.  The half ramen was a great choice, as it was delicious enough to make it worth the stomach space, but small enough that I could share it with Mom and still eat a bunch of other things.  It has a miso broth with a smoky pork taste, and comes loaded with green onion, menma, cabbage, wakame, and bean sprouts.  The sauces for the agedashi tofu and buttered clams were ridiculous - we had to order a bowl of white rice so we could eat it all.  My mom was ecstatic over the uni and ponzu, and I was impressed by the amount of ikura and salmon that $6.95 bought us.. . This place is definitely unique - the specials are scrawled on paper rectangles and tacked onto the walls, so it's a little difficult to figure out what to order if it's your first time.  Luckily, we remembered a few things that we liked from last trip.  We also managed to avoid the busy dinner crowd by coming for late lunch on weekdays (around 2:30 or 3 pm).  It started to fill up around 4:30 pm.  The green tea was nice and dark, and during happy hour (2-5 pm), Kirin draft is $1.95.  Can't go wrong with that!  I will absolutely be back multiple times next time I'm in Vegas.
Just had the most amazing lunch. My friend ordered the cold spinach. The name might not blow your skirt up, but OMG, it was so good - has a bit of a peanut/miso/something kinda dressing. Tasted hers, then I ordered one, and she ordered another one. (It's not the wilty, wimpy, American spinach, this has substance). The miso butterfish (oh lordy!) goes perfectly with the cold spinach. Followed up with the tofu salad with tuna sashimi. And have to get the green tea. I'd say thiswas one of the better late lunches (open at 2pm) to be had in Vegas.
Do you have that "one restaurant" where you can call your second kitchen? Where, whenever you have friends flying into town and they ask "hey, do you have any suggestions where we should eat?" it's the first one you suggest? Well, Ichiza is that restaurant for me. I've been coming here for about two years now, and I only wished I knew about it sooner! The waitresses and manager are always so welcoming! The kitchen is a well-oiled machine operating very efficiently. The atmosphere and decor has a great vibe and along with the incoherent chatters from other guests, adds that sense of having dinner with your entire family. Well, on that note, if you are planning to go, let's say around 7 PM with a party of more than 4, it is best to call in for a reservation (2 hours in advance, if my memory serves me right).. . Now, onto the food (yay!!). I am a creature of habit, so after trying xxxx amount of their dishes (or Japanese tapas as I find myself explaining to what type of food they serve, almost everyone thinks it's a "sushi" restaurant), I have my "core" menu:.           "Tatsuta-age" - delicious fried chicken. The citrus soy sauce sauce   .            complements the chicken .           "Yellow-tail tartar" - a must try! If you do decide to order this, try to take a a full               .            bite, so that you will experience this dish as it was intended to be .           "Miso black cod" - buttery soft and simply put, just so darn tasty! .           "Crab fried rice" - I don't think any description is needed for this one. . and with my adventurous side, I try one new thing on the menu. Since this is like tapas, I suggest bringing a at least a group of 4, that way, you can try as many "tapas" as youcan! You can't go wrong with any on the menu and I have not brought anyone that left unsatisfied or unhappy with Ichiza. If you are flying in late, and you want a late night grub? Get off the strip and try Ichiza and you will not leave disappointed or blow your "Vegas budget"!! . . P.S. if you can leave room for dessert, try the honey toast!
Always a destination when I'm in town...
Like this place a lot. . Come with my bf and fam a lot.  We try the shrimp fry rice and all. So authentic !
Best authentic Japanese in Vegas bar none!
My absolute favorite Janpanese restaurant!!! LOVE everything it serves on the menu, especial the grilled black cod. Price is very reasonable for the quality of food. A must go.
I thought I had written a review for Ichiza.... Great food, great service, great EVERYTHING!. . Love it so much had my wedding reception here...need I say more? Lol
HONEY TOAST HONEY TOAST HONEY TOAST!. . So... as you can see... I came here specifically for the honey toast pictures that I've seen... and it was... FREAKING DELICIOUS!  The only thing I can say I would want more from this dish was an extra scoop of ice cream!. . But seriously, I was so full by the time I got here and wanted to get some honey toast for dessert.... I thought this place was a cafe with a few items... but man was I wrong. There's a ton of different dishes here that I wish I could try!.. especially the yakitori dishes!  I'll definitely have to go next time I'm in Vegas.
Loved this food!. . Fresh, delicious, good prices! I suggest you order based off of pictures posted on yelp, because a lot of their yummy food isn't on the menu! They have dishes written on the walls in Japanese, so if this is your first time, it may be overwhelming. Just show them a pic of what you want, they know exactly what it is!! Yum!!. . I had deep fried quail eggs, a whole squid, beef tongue skewer and salmon steak. YUM!!! Dessert was Honey Toast.. . If you arrive in the evening, be prepared for a wait. It is 60 max seating, but the wait is worth it.
Great food at a great price. I went there a while ago and tried several small dishes. None of them disappointed. I will definitely go back next time I visit Vegas.
Ichiza is an authentic izakaya restaurant, Japanese style tapas and skewered goodies! The food is delicious, and it is fairly priced. New menu items are always added on the walls, which is pretty cool. Their Cod fish is simply one of my favs, very buttery and it just melts in ur mouth. Another must order would be their roasted ginkgo nuts! I would order at least 4 skewers for myself. Their carpaccio is bomb, as well as their grilled squid! They open late night and there's always a wait, however the staff are on it, so it's pretty quick. I also like their cozy atmosphere and it feels like ur in Japan when ur inside. In the end, their honey toast is hands down the best in vegas! Perfect!
The food here is SO good.  Before heading into the karaoke, the bf and I wanted to grab a quick bite to eat.  I am so glad I braved the flight upstairs in my 4 inch heels to check out the restaurants on the second floor of this building.  The small space was pretty full so I figured it had to be good.. . We sat at the bar and ordered off the photo menu posted above us:. . -  uni in ponzu sauce. -  yellowtail tar tar. -  black cod (bufferfish). -  pork belly with egg. . Everything was absolutely delicious!!!  The uni was very fresh and I loved how the lemon and cucumbers toned down the brininess of it.  The pork belly melted in your mouth and the yellow tar tar was awesome.  The presentation of each dish was very clean and simple and they pay attention to balancing textures and flavors.  . . This was by far my best meal during this Vegas trip.  I am craving the uni and yellowtail tar tar.  If I had one complaint is that I think I got the last of the uni so it was a little watery and lost in form.  Other than that, I'm a fan.
I typically bring in people here whenever they ask "What's good affordable Japanese food in Vegas?" (The assumption when you ask a question like that is that you have no problems with fish (cooked and raw) and weird sea creatures.). . This place is mostly known for its small dishes that are fairly tasty.  (Japanese Tapas?) There is a set laminated menu you can order from, or should you have good eyesight and an adventurous palate, you can order off the walls.  There is some sushi, but this isn't a dedicated sushi place, so don't go expecting the full offering of a sushi bar all the time. Off the laminated menu, all the grilled meat on a stick is good.  Perhaps my favorite is the beef tongue.. . Ideally, you want to go with a small to medium group of friends and just order a bunch of stuff. . . I've had no problems with the service.  My water glass was regularly refilled in a timely manner.. . And if you want the honey toast, you need to save room for it.. . Also, reservations are highly recommended.
Love this place as one of my late night to-go spot. I tend to get beef tataki, garlic chicken gizzards, and honey toast. I discovered something pretty amazing lately and it's their JALAPENO FRIED RICE. Yum! TRY it for sure! :). . Get their little membership card to get 5% off your check and after about 10 visits ($20+ each per visit) you'll get upgraded to 10% off your check.. . Check out their many menu items on their walls, read what other yelpers have included as tips, and enjoy yourself in this wonderful little establishment.
AMazing love this place!!!! . . beef bowl, agedashi tofu my usual orders!. . cant wait to go back
One of my favorite places in town! I love their red snapper carpaccio, miso butter fish, grilled salmon belly, yellow tail tar tar and honey toast. The kushi tan (beef tongue) and chicken gizzards grilled on a stick were surprisingly tasty as well. I can't wait to go back and try more on their menu. They have so many things to choose from so come hungry.
This place is authentic Japanese izakaya cuisine (tapas). It alwsys delivers. Sushi is excellent. Tempura light and crisp. And the little plates are all awesome. Favorite is salmon skin salad.
We went to locate our favorite Sushi place in Chinatown and sadly it was gone.  I used Yelp to locate something close by and base on reviews we ended up in this little place and it was Heavenly!! The service was so great and there is SO MUCH food to chose from! We each order a different lunch special and YUMMY they both were! Ramen soup with a spicy tofu rice mix was outstanding and the Chefs special Benito box was too! Definitely will be back again.
This place has just the right amount of ambience, great foods, reasonable prices, and location, that we make a visit to this little shop that can, every time were in Vegas.  . . The food is meant to go with beer or sake(duh it's a sake house) with grill skewers, finger foods snacks, fried rice and ramen, sushi, sashimi, over a 100 varieties of snack written in the walls in Japanese.  My all time favorite is the wasabi octopus, it's just so good
Can I just have everything on the menu? I wish! The daily specials are always the best, it's fresh fish and tastes as if it was just fished from the sea. The tofu tuna salad is my go-to-food, I always have to get that when I' m there. The only thing I dislike is how most their menu is on the wall. I like that it's interactive but having to get up and read all of it is a pain, especially when it's jam packed with people.. . Tip: make a reservation! It saves so much time and you get your table right away.
I would give this place more than five stars if I could. I went there because a friend of mine told me how good it was. I was not let down. It's a small sushi bar with limited seating, but the food is worth the wait if it is busy. They have all kinds of menu items posted on the wall. Everything I have tried there so far is excellent. You have to try the desert they make with ice cream inside bread with honey.
Really good place to eat and chill with the family.and to eat really good Japanese food
I am always intrigued by the guidance and reviews of so called "foodies". Some of these neophyte food critics act as if they've never had a bad day, too quick to rush to judgment, and almost as pompous as the guys that get paid to eat!. . That said, on to Ichiza izakaya! I was introduced to this eatery by a best friend who has been in the food and beverage industry for twenty plus years. He has worked every position possible, from cook to GM, and I consider him pretty well versed in cuisine and restaurant operations.. . From our first visit, to my occasional stop ins, I've never had a bad experience here.  I will admit, I am not too terribly adventurous, but have tried several dishes, and all have been proper, and to my liking, even if something I might not regularly order. Tako and tempura have always been a favorite, and are always good and consistent.  I would not say the sushi style items, such as sashimi poki, are amazing, but they aren't bad either (it is an izakaya after all).  The daily specials sometimes yield some surprising little dishes that always excite. Sweet Corn is also a smile maker, and the ramen is quite good.  As for the honey toast? It is something that will satisfy a sweet craving, but it is not all that spectacular either (I wouldn't go out of my way for it). I must also say, the menu items being taped to the walls is cute, but can also be frustrating, as they are all over the place, and difficult to read. Better to ask your server for suggestions with this one (they've always been very helpful).. . Speaking of servers, and service, Ichiza is consistently busy, partially due to being on the smaller side, and also to a very loyal clientele. The ladies at Ichiza do the best they can considering these two factors alone. The servers are all cute, very friendly, and always smiling. As busy as this place gets, the service is efficient, effective, and simple, and the girls hit all the important points with friendly smiles.. . When you consider Ichiza has been around for over 10 years now, the loyalty of most of there customers is understandable.  This restaurant easily qualifies as a trail blazer for Las Vegas dining.  When you consider what they do every night, in the middle of the desert, and NOT in a casino.... It's a very good restaurant, plain and simple. It's is most definitely worth trying.
Tartar yellowtail! I couldn't believe how good it was! Service was very fast and very friendly. I'm going back tomorrowwwww
Love this place! I love the concept of tapas/small plates because you get to try a bit of a lot of things. The couple of times I've been there have been in bigger groups so it's fun trying all the different dishes. Just about everything we tried was very delicious or at least very.. interesting. The honey toast is a must for dessert. Reminds me of my grandma's version of an ice cream sandwich- 2 slices of bread with vanilla ice cream in the middle. Yum!
I can't never remember the exact name of each dish here... my recommendation for everyone is: look on the wall for great food... I haven't had a bad dish here yet.. My wife and I love to come here.. The price is not super cheap for a homecook dinner meal, but for a Friday's date, the price is just right.
One of my all-time favorite places to stop by at every time I'm in town!. . My friend that lived in Vegas took me here for the first time 3 years ago and I've come back a few more times in the following years. . . They have so many options on the menu I never know what to choose! They also have specials and other items that are listed on the walls and not on the menus so be sure to check those out too. It does get kind if difficult sometimes to read the messy, colorful, and small handwriting across the room with the Japanese words bigger than the tiny English translations on the bottom, along with the fact that there's SO many on the wall you could get lazy at looking at the whole wall after going down just the first row of items. One would think english is the more common language to read... . What I do know is you must get the yellowtail tartar which was so amazingly delicious I could imagine the taste and crunchiness in my mouth right now. It is a great appetizer to start out with and the yellowtails freshness is complimented so well with the blend of avocado, rice, and crispy delights.. . Another good one is the tender and juicy beef tongue, the one that's sizzling on a hot plate not the skewers because its more of a good deal for the price and amount you're getting. I've also tried a variety of the skewers and they weren't bad but I just think you're better off getting other dishes that are more worth the price. . . I've also tried the red snapper carpaccio: delicious, agedashi tofu which was pretty decent, a couple of their sashimis which have all maintained their freshness, and honestly I don't remember what else I have tried because there's just so many... . But  save the best for last...honeytoast AHH. You MUST get this no matter what. I've never had brick toast so good until I discovered the absolute best at Ichiza! I highly recommend you let your waitress know at the beginning that you will be getting it because it does take a while to make. The warmth of the crispy toast drizzled with honey mixed with the creamy lather of ice cream definitely hits the spot. They soak the soft buttery insides of the bread with just the right amount of honey, and top it all off with big scoops of vanilla heaven. Oh my goodness your tastebuds will literally be doused with feelings of ecstasy and thanking you the whole way. No lie.. . Service is meh don't really remember much, just servers doing their job accordingly. The restaurant is a little bit cramped, and it can get waaaay too busy at night, but if you come in the afternoons it's not too bad. They are open quite late though. . . Just remember, whatever you do, whatever you order, no matter how full you are..Get the honey toast!!
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! I go only a couple of times a year and love the experience of all of the dishes I order every time. At my last visit, I ventured out and tried the beef tongue, it was so tender and full of flavor, a must try! The fried quail eggs are a favorite of mine and love the dipping sauce. Kimchi fried rice and beef tataki are also a must! . Only critique is an older gentleman host who told us that he would be able to seat us if we were able to finish our dinner in one hour, we had reservations. The food more than made up for it, sticking with 5 stars.
If you're lucky enough to get parking and a reservation, then you know this place is off the chain!  There are so many options on their menu... I personally love the bacon wrapped asparagus and their honey bread dessert.  You can't beat the real Japanese Style ambiance and the flavorful food.  Can't wait to be back in Vegas to enjoy the Yakitori. You need to give this place a try when you're in China Town.
love this place although very small and had to wait for a seat every time.
Where do I begin? The service is great! The employees are really nice. Everything I ordered was in my stomach a minute later. The ramen was better than other places that specify in ramen. I also ordered the black cod miso. So good!! Its far from where I love but well worth the drive!! I will be back.
Quickly sat at table 3:45pm on Tuesday. It happened to be happy hour. Half off on Kirin beer. I had a bottle of blueberry sake and hot green tea.  The blueberry sake is sparkling and sweet.  The ramen had balanced flavor.  The black cod was a good firm texture a little fishier than I prefer. Mini corn dogs have a curry batter that is very light.  There is a juicy crunch to them. I dipped it in spicy mayo. The yellowtail sashimi mixed with avocado was served over rice/tomato/onion sandwiched between what looked similar to fried wonton. This was nice and fresh tasting the crispy part was flaky and not hard. Nicely put together.  I REALLY wanted the honey toast.  I only had a little more room left in my and my boyfriend didn't want any. I didn't think it would be worth spending almost $8 for dessert that I could not finish alone. Our service was quick and attentive.  I'm happy with the food here. Total before tax $61.13.
I regularly come here for their ramen and honey toast. Their beef bowl is great too. The decor of the place might not be suitable to some but if you're like me, you'll enjoy the "street-market" feel that Ichiza is attempting to embody. It's executed sincerely and doesn't care to "polish" itself for tourists. Perfect for locals or people looking for great food. Be sure to check their "off-menu" items that are hanging up on the walls.
My very first yelp review: The reviews on yelp and fodors about Ichiza were spot on. We had an amazing, delicious fun meal and a great time.  Right down to the special attention and care around my gluten allergy, not an easy feat in an Asian restaurant (the second ingredient in soy sauce is wheat).
