I LOVED it!!!!!!  Went with my Girls on New years day.. The line was basically non existent. We stood in line for like 3 minutes- NO COVER. and when we got in, they put these yellow wrist bans on us and told us open bar till 11:30 :-). . The DJ was GREAT!!!!. Most Vegas clubs are Techo and Dance or House music... but this one played Hip Hop, Rap, Oldies, Salsa, Reggae and Reggaeton-- All without speeding up the beat and making it sound like House music. . So if you need a break from the average Vegas DJ- this is a great spot where you can do the stanky leg, dougie, walk it out, do the beyonce bounce, get your suavemente salsa on, groove to some Prince and drop it like its hot to some snoop dog. and much much more! lol. . The crowd was mixed.. mostly 21-30. And the night I went ( January 1,2011) everyone was being really friendly and was attractive looking. I remember randomly making friends with these random girls. lol. And the guys were very sexy, respectful, nicely dressed and could dance! . The DJ had us falling in love. lol. . The atmosphere has an upscale appearance. what you would expect from the Palazzo. Had a cool entrance with these "sinks"lol and a classy restaurant downstairs.They had go-go dancers and these two girls sitting on top of the bar in "roman" costumes "looking sexy" lol. they just sat there and tickled  each other with feathers (BEST JOB ON EARTH-- can i get an application?) lol. . There were places to sit for those who chose not to splurge on the bottle service. . So if you get tired of dancing just grab a seat by the bar, or on the stage, or on a random go-go dancer platform. lol. . I met this SEXY Puerto Rican guy and he was my dance partner for the night, so i may be bias. lol. but overall this club was GREAT!. . If you are in Vegas to dance the night away and have a blast LAVO is the place for you!. If you dont like hip hop or you cant dance, then go to Ghostbar or PURE . lol. (also good clubs)
The food was out of sight.  The bread with the marinara is to die for!  My chicken marsala was one of the best I have tried.  The fried haricot verts and zuchinni strings were the bomb too.  The music was a bit loud as far as ambiance, otherwise I felt the service and portions were great.  Would go again.
This is a review only for the nightclub.. . We came on a Wednesday night and had arranged for the guest list ahead of time.  We got there around 10:30 and one of the promoters arranged for us to go in the restaurant and get free drinks before the club opened (essentially free bottle service, but there were a number of girls there already so we didn't get to sit).  Once the club opened, the promoter walked us into the club, got us free cover and open bar wristbands.  He even offered to arrange for us to get on the guest list for Tao the next day, but unfortunately we were leaving town then.. . If I ended the review here, I'd still give this place 5 stars.  This club knows how to treat girls!. . The decor is really beautiful, classier and cleaner looking than Pure (the only other Vegas club I have to compare with).  We got basic cocktails with our wristbands.  The ones I tried were really tasty, but expensive if you're not getting them for free (but really, what else can you expect?)  The bartender we went to was fast, attentive and very cute :D. . There were a surprising number of places to sit down, unlike other places where you can only sit at tables you've reserved.  Nice when you're on your second night dancing in 4-inch heels.. . It is true - the dance floor is small, but I found it way more fun than the one at Pure (which is huge).  The floor was packed almost immediately after the club opened up, which I really like.  I hate that awkward first hour when all the guys are too shy to go dance and the only people on the floor are couples and groups of girls.  The lighting is phenomenal and there's a chandelier that shoots out foam every once in a while.  I thought the music was good too - mostly Top 40s and Hip Hop, and well mixed in my opinion.    . . The only downside is that this place seemed to cool off at around 1:30 - 2am -- a little early for my taste.  . . I'm pretty sure this is the only major club in Vegas that's open 6 days int he week, so you don't really have an excuse not to go!
I did not stay for the club but I had dinner and I really enjoyed it.  The food was awesome and the service was exceptional.
My friend and i only went to the restaurant, not the club because it was a Monday night. I do have to say that this was the best meal I think I have ever had; just absolutely amazing!!! I wish there was a LAVO where I lived. Our server and other helpers were incredibly nice as well.
Holy meatballs batman!!!. . Yes. Their meatball was the size of my face. And I enjoyed every bite. Nom nom nom nom nom. We got the ricotta one. Delish!  I actually gave up being a vegetarian because of one glance at that bad boy. No joke.. . The rest of the food was great. They give out garlic bread with marinera sauce which was heavenly on its own. I got the braised rib special which pretty much melted in my mouth. The bottle of wine we ordered did not disappoint. Much better quality than the LAVO in nyc. The service was exceptional. My only complaint would be the creamed spinach. Gross. Took one bite and left it there. So really I'd only give it 4.5 stars. Hint hint yelp, let's get working on the star ratings.
I had a table the other night for my friends 30th and from the moment we walked to the door, we were well taken care of.   We got to our Table and it was located in the corner by the upper bar which I actually prefer.  Our cocktail waitress was amazing all night!  She was super nice, made good/strong drinks and made sure crowd control was a high priority.  The two tables on either side of us decided to pack in about 20 people on a 2 bottle minimum and management picked up on this.  They quickly rectified the situation and it was back to comfy seating after that.  I have been to many clubs and have never seen them act so quick when someone is trying to exploit their table agreement.  (2 bottle min for 6-7 guests and then 20 people show up at the table after they have been seated)   This alone will assure future business from me.
Restaurant - Greeat food, long waits.. . Nightclub - Small but fun! Different nights have different themes; weekends are always raging! If you need a hookup to get in, shoot me a note.
On a recent trip to Vegas, a large group of us (13 in total) had a great dinner.. . From the moment I walked it, I knew it was going to be a fabulous time.  The decor is very much like the hotel it's in - The Palazzo.  It's got dim lighting, and lots of cool colors.  The bar itself is this awesome semicircle behemoth with flat screen TVs all tuned in to the latest sports.. . For our large party, they seated us in a semiprivate section in the back of the restaurant.  It perfectly fit all of us together, and it only got better from there.  We ordered lots of foods since there were so many of us...but all I can say is OMG garlic bread!  By far the best garlic bread any of us had ever eaten!  The calamari was fresh, the GIANT cold seafood tower was awesome, but the garlic bread...yum!  Everyone ordered something different for dinner but no one complained.  Everything LAVO serves to you is well prepared.  . . And as for dessert - one word.  OREO ZEPPOLES.  This was heaven in your mouth.  And it was served to you with a tall glass of vanilla ice cream.  . . The prices were very reasonable, even for this New Yorker.  I would absolutely go back there again, for both the service, and the garlic bread/OREO ZEPPOLES.  . . And for me, they made a mean Grey Goose Cosmo.  Excellent time held by all!
An invigorating dining experience awaits you at Lavo.. . Upon walking in, you're caught off guard by the perfectly dim lighting and their gorgeous set up. The hostesses were very warm and made you feel welcome. This place screams trendy but definitely not overbearing or pretentious.  . . We were seated at a roomy booth and were promptly offered drinks and our menus. Our server made it a point to be friendly enough to be likeable, but not overly talkative. . . The first thing you'll notice is the crowd. No riff raff, just beautiful women and seemingly affluent men. Their menu simple but elegantly put together. . . Their complimentary bread served with some sort of a tapenade was a great starter.  We ordered the oysters (well not for me), the kobe stuffed rice balls, and their white truffle fettuccine with truffle caviar  (which was that night's special).. . The portions were about average for an upscale restaurant, so there were no surprises there (negative or otherwise).  The ladies had some red wine, which I think they enjoyed with our meal. The servings were sufficient for the three of us. You definitely don't walk away hungry. Everything was above average in taste, but one thing blew my mind: the chocolate bread pudding with vanilla gelato which we ordered for dessert. It was OMFG-heavenly.  Each bite was paired with a compliment. Yes it was that delicious.  Forget everything else, you just have to try this. . . Overall, I think what made this experience a 5-star was how well the atmosphere, service, cuisine and of course the dessert just meshed incredibly together.  It's one of those things where each individual factor contribute to an even better outcome. . . We'll be back for sure.
Srsly could've stayed in the bay area to go to some shit like this.. why 5 stars? LMFAO performed & was giving free shots of patron through a beer bong (looked fun but was NOT trying to catch some sort of venereal disease) & Dj Vice played catdaddy & the dougie.. so I was pretty much sold after that.
Loved the food!! The staff super friendly and helpful. Sat outdoors on the patio. Great view!! I now have a favorite all time dessert. Their deep fried oreo cookies with whipped ice cream to dip in. We celebrated a family members 60th birthday and it was a perfect place. The only negative was the music that the DJ was spinning was no appropriate for dinner time. It was dance music. It was piped through all the speakers. After awhile we were really tired of it.
For a Tuesday night, I couldn't ask for better.  If bored on a Tuesday night, GO HERE.. . I called in to be put on the guest list for 5 girls, but ended up going with a total of 4 girls.  Because of the good ratio, we were specially handed wristlets that got us free entry and open bar until 12am.  We noticed this special treatment when not everyone on the guest list had them.  Unfortunately, we got placed in the slower line, though I think that may be because only two of my friends were there when we approached the bouncer.  Regardless, we still got in, got our free drinks, and headed to the dance floor!  Wait time for my line was around 20-30 mins---just long.  . . The ambience of the club is similar to Tao, but Tao is a lot more decorative.  Walking through the line of sinks is indeed something that regular clubs don't have.  Being that it was a Tuesday night, it wasn't too too crowded, so we had enough space on the dance floor to move around.  Similar to Tao, don't be expecting seats to rest your feet in, but honestly, we danced for two hours straight.  Had we not needed up get up at 7:30 to catch the ride home, I would've stayed until at least 3 am.  Also, as with Tao, there were foam bubbles that sprayed onto the dace floor.. . What makes or breaks a club for me in the music---LAVO nailed this!  Dj scratchy was an excellent dj, playing a good mixture of songs that I mostly knew.  Apparently, according to my friends they had switched the dj when within the first few minutes we were at the dance floor, but honestly, I didn't notice.  The smooth transition and same good music was playing, so it pretty much made my night.. . The negatives- no seats, couldn't find a bathroom (though we didn't try very hard to begin with), and oh yeah, we had a little too much fun.  For a couple of my friends, it was their first time clubbing, so we had a blast.  But if i were to choose one between Tao and Lavo, I would still choose Tao.  Where's the flying girl in the air and the bubbles, the girls washing in the bathtub, the extra sofas that girls are just lying in?  Overall though, for a Tuesday night, this is where the party is!
My husband and I took a post shopping/pre dinner stop at the bar here just to get a drink.  Well that was what the plan was til the cocktail waitress reccomended a few snacks they had on their menu.  Ok so I caved...I swear we were only getting drinks.. I had these figs with amazing cheese in the middle just little gems of a treat abit ackward to eat but the taste was sublime.  My husband upped the annity and got a lobster flatbread that was AMAZING.. So now were full, well sort of, so we think we'll skip dinner but on our way out we stop to get reservations.  Alas it was not to be (trendy place better make reservations WAY in advance) but not to be put off we come back a few hours later, with our friends, and squeeze into the bar.. Luckily we were offered the full menu because I found their tomato lobster bisque fra diablo.  I think we had other food too but after eating this soup who cares?  Seriously if you never eat another thing again you must, must, must have this soup.  Its smooth and just flavorful.  YOu taste the tomatoes as if you've just picked them from the garden its almost sweet enough to be a dessert, but in a good way not in a sugary way.  Then there is a hint of pepper when you bite into the glistening morsels of lobster.  . I'm salavating just thinking about it now.  All joking aside I'd go to Las Vegas just for this soup.
Can we please only focus on how utterly amazing, brilliant and awesome the DJs are here?!?!?!? Ihaven't heard music this good in what honestly feels like FOREVER. I have only good things to say about Lavo as a nightclub. People in there - just want to dance. Bartenders - don't waste time and get to all the people waiting. DJs - i want to listen to you guys all day every day. . . I haven't had this much fun at a club since i think i was maybe 19 and clubbing was cool and new. Thanks Lavo, for making clubs cool again. I cannot WAIT to go back!
Yet another magnificent time at Lavo.. . I brought the girls here for dinner for our bach party and had our meal set up as a pre fixe at reasonable fee per person which included tax and gratuity. . . They sat us in the private dining room, and immediately they brought out delicious plate after delicious plate of varying items from calamari, to giant meatballs, to pasta, salmon, etc. Everyone was able to sample a variety of things and no one left hungry. They even had dessert prepared for us as well, deep fried oreos and a chocolate cake. . . Great times to be had at Lavo. Make sure you add this to your list of vegas stops.
Great dining experience all together. Service was great and food was scrumptious.  The Tomato Caprese was fabulous and the spaghetti with Kobe meatballs was to die for.  My only regret is that we didn't have enough room to even try the tempting dessert menu....
This place is so delicious...Seriously, it's one of my favorite restaurants in the "West Coast-ish" area. The boyfriend and I went here on our trip to Vegas this past March and I loved this place so much that he recently took me to the one in New York. I didn't love my food at the New York location as much as I loved my food at the Vegas one. Seriously, it was just that good. After our delicious dinner (accompanied with wine and dessert) we went to the lounge/club area upstairs. I remember it was a Thursday night and there weren't too many people at the club but I still had a great time. Lavo brings back so many wonderful food and dancing memories that I would recommend it to everyone going to Vegas.
My sisters and I all went to Vegas to celebrate our youngestest sisters 21st!  We originally made plans to eat at another restaurant but ended up at Lavo...and I'm sooo glad we did!  One of the best meals i've had.  We all ordered something different; kobe stuffed rice balls, clams, sea bass, pene ala vodka and for dessert tiramisu.  Everything was delish and we had a great time at the nightclub upstairs!  I would go back in a heartbeat!
All I know is that the music was cracking at this place (better than XS) and the crowd was bumpin'.  Girls from Canada, SF and LA were making their rounds to our table so it was @#$!ing awesome!  lol.  The girls were super nice although we had to hide a few of our bottles from a couple of them because they thought it was "all you can drink" or something...
My favorite restaurant in LV and a truly intimate dining experience. I am Sicilian and have traveled Italy and this is still the best Italian food I've tasted! Great after hours spot as well.
Tuesday night is service industry night. I was in Vegas for my sister's 21st birthday. We met a guy who got us in at 11pm and wristbands for an hour of free drinks, Well drinks but my sis is 21 and was not complaining. Lavo is a tad on the smaller side but we had a BLAST! Great music to dance to. All of the bartenders were nice. I am sure some of the fun stuff came when we met some awesome Australian guys and sat in VIP with them most of the night too! :)
Palazzo did this place right.  Situated on the center of the strip, the club is classy and the crowd makes you feel at home.  Drink up and shake what you're working with.  If you're a hotel guest admission is free.  If you have a Grazie Card, you don't have to wait in line.  Nice place to count down the new year or celebrate a birthday!!!
Amazing food and ambiance! Italian restaurants are always just eh but this one surpasses all expectations!
We went here for dinenr before seeing Jersey Boys and were amazed at how good the food was.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list.  We had the kobe meatball as an appetizer and it was the best meatball I've ever had.  The garlic bread was amazing.  All of our pasta dishes and the carne pizze were very good.  They even brought out a tiramisu as a birthday desert for my fiance.  The decor was beautiful inside - we ate outside overlooking the strip and got to watch the treasure island show from our table.  . . They also give you a stamp to come back to the nightclub for free - which is worth a lot in Vegas.  We did come back for the club but it was way too crowded to hang out.  We waited at the bar for 5 minutes before going back down the restaurant bar to get drinks.  We went back up to dance but it was just too crowded to stay.  I think you definitely need a table on a saturday night to have a good time here.  It reminded me of Tao since there were women washing each other in a bathtub.. . Overall - dinner was amazing but the club would only get 2 stars for me.
One of my most favorite places to eat & pourty while in Vegas!. . I went here last weekend with some gal pals and once again, such a delightful experience.  The food is soo delicious.  I tried to warn my friends that we would get full real fast, but they were starving and excited to eat.  First off, I am not a marinara fan, but the marinara sauce they bring out w/ the garlic bread is definitely the best I've ever had.  It is a great dipping sauce to an even more awesome garlic bread.  For appetizers we got some calamari, and a kobe meatball on top of a arugula salad and crostini.  After this, we were already so pleased, satisfied, and pretty much full, yet we went forward w/ our entrees.  I got the special ravioli of the night, filled with ricotta cheese, soo good.  The other gals got the shrimp scampi and seafood alfredo.  Both were also winners.  . . After we stuffed our face til we just couldn't stuff it no more, we changed into our flats (it's Vegas... heels in the club can only last you so long, and you don't want to walk barefoot on those streets either!) and went to the LAVO lounge/club portion.  Luckily, we were staying at the Palazzo, so we were able to bypass the long line and get in para gratis.  The upstairs club  is pretty small, compared to the other ones on the strip, but it was still on and crackin'.  We danced a little, then went back downstairs to the lounge and kicked it outside and danced.  The outside patio is perfect cuz it is right on the strip, and you can watch the Sirens show at TI.  It also helps that the weather was about 101 degrees, so it was a beautiful night.  So, we danced the night away outside, inside, upstairs etc.  Great selection of music both upstairs and downstairs. . . LAVO is just fabulous! Great food, great service, great music, and possible celebrity sightings... (last time I saw Robin Leach & a playboy bunny).  Definitely a must every time I am in Vegas.
Dinner was amazing! Night club was a nice place, cool inside and very roomy! The service was amazing everyone who worked there was very nice, helpful, and knowledgeable
I don't know what Lavo's nightclub is like, but based on three dining experiences here, I will keep coming back for the food. The latest outing was to take advantage of some attractive Restaurant Week offerings. . . We chose patio dining this time, and I was surprised to see that my party of four were seated directly across from the TI show, which we actually saw while we dined. As far as the show is concerned, I liked it better in its earlier sea battle incarnation minus the sexy sirens. . . Management was much more rigid this year than last when during Restaurant Week they graciously substituted Veal Parmesan for Chicken Parmesan at no additional cost, and agreed to substitute Alfredo Sauce for Marinara Sauce to cover a pounded veal cutlet. Even though I offered to pay an extra charge if required, the waitress apologetically reported that the manager said that absolutely no substitutions would be allowed on Restaurant Week menu selections, including changing a sauce. But the requested substitution of one sauce for another was permitted at no extra charge when my wife ordered the Veal Parmesan from the regular, higher priced menu. This technicality struck me as rather petty--especially since the requested accommodations were made during Restaurant Week 2010. But at least requested Lemon Aioli was provided gratis to go with the Calamari, and service all night was otherwise excellent. . . Complimentary buttery and crunchy baked Garlic Bread served with a very mellow Marinara Sauce was an excellent beginning. And, the blond rings of Calamari were all soft, tender, and delicious, whether with just a few added drops of lemon, dipped in the Marinara Sauce, or dunked in the smooth Lemon Aioli. . . A Chopped "Louie" Salad served as a first course was probably miscast. This lovely dish was an entree in itself. Featuring many pieces of cold shrimp and large hunks of chilled lobster, along with Cherry Tomatoes, zucchini, red pimento, black olives, celery, and pepperoncini all tossed in a light House Vinaigrette Dressing, it was a great salad. The salad was presented with an 18-inch cheese stick on top that extended well beyond both sides of the plate. This cheesy bread product was praiseworthy in its own right. . . Brick Oven Salmon Oreganato, prepared with seasoned breadcrumbs, lemon, white wine, sun-dried tomatoes, and garlic butter, was moist and flavorful. And, it rested atop moist but slightly crunchy julienned vegetables that included zucchini. This was one of the few restaurants I have been where diners are asked whether they would like their fish to be prepared "medium" or some other degree of doneness. I stuck to medium, and was happy with the result. . . Pounded veal covered generously with Mozzarella Cheese and Alfredo Sauce was also tender and light but a bit too salty. A fellow diner pronounced his Filet Mignon and the Bearnaise Sauce that accompanied it "good." The visibly pink inside of the meat was clearly cooked medium rare as ordered. And, glistening Rosemary Potatoes served in a skillet were moist, buttery, and fork tender. They were an excellent choice for a side. . . Two premium desserts shared the stage to complete a memorable repast: Tiramisu and Strawberry Cheese Cake. The Tiramisu was moist and creamy, and obviously made with Mascarpone, chocolate, some alcoholic beverage, and some coffee flavoring. They were respectively Marsala Wine and Espresso. The Strawberry Cheese Cake was delicious but surprisingly light.  Its crust was crumbly and tasty. . . Both desserts were pretty looking, as well. The bi-level Tiramisu reminded me of a log cabin with its six edible Lady Finger logs glued together with Mascarpone. And, the Strawberry Cheese Cake featured white upper and lower layers of fresh Ricotta Cheese, and a pink middle layer of Strawberry Cream. Its top was adorned with bright red Strawberry Sauce and three strawberry slices, and resting beside this delectable dessert was a high mound of Whipped Cream and more oozing Strawberry Sauce. . . It was a great meal, but I dread getting on the scale in the morning!
Great atmosphere, great food, great drinks...Gotta have the supersized meatball appetizer!  Pizza is awesome too, but once you eat the incredible garlic bread, it's hard to swallow anymore bread so stick to the garlic bread...it's free!
This is just for the Restaurant.. . This was for our "special dinner" before going to see Phantom. . Normally this is a little too "upscale" for us, but I really wanted a nice dinner. It was SO worth it. And we didn't feel out of place at all.. . Amazing. That is one word to sum it up. We requested to be seated outside, and we were promptly taken out. Amazing table with view of the Siren Show at TI. BONUS! Plus just the vibe of sitting above the strip has such good energy!. . The bread that comes out is great, the marinara sauce is a bit plain, but by all means is not bad. We shared a Caesar salad, and my goodness it was HUGE. It was a great salad. The dressing was so good. Quite enjoyable! Our server was excellent. Fast and not pushy at all. I ordered the Margarita  Pizza and my husband ordered the Chicken Parm. My pizza was exceptional. Flat bread, cheesy. Delish! His chicken plate was HUGE. It was very yummy. . . Tiramisu was great. Some of the best I've had. It tasted so fresh. . I would definitely eat here again!! Well done Lavo!
Restaurant review only. . . Excellent 5 star restaurant!. . First class all the way!. . Tip - Try the fried oreo's! YUM!!!!
I only know about the restaurant, and frankly it's all I need to know. . . I ate off of a special restaurant week menu, which thankfully had everything I wanted to try on it. But before I get into my ordered food, I have to discuss the garlic bread. If I told you there was crack in here you'd understand and still eat it. This is the best garlic bread in the world. . . For an app I got the calamari, which was excellent. Entree I had a chicken parm that was only 10% smaller than my plate. I was shocked when it didn't come with a side of spaghetti, but honestly it would've gone to waste. This was the emperor of chicken parm.. . And lastly but honestly you should probably eat this first because it's so good is the Oreo zeppole. Dip it in the shake, eat it whole, take small bites, do whatever you need to eat this little piece of heaven.. . Whenever I'm in town again I'm guaranteeing another trip.
So this was the second ever club I've been to in Vegas.  We went on a Sunday night and I wasn't expecting it to be crackin', but surprisingly it was!.  The crowd was a little older (late 20's early 30's) but that was still cool.  I met about 30 women from Canada that night.  I assume they all came together? haha  The music was pretty good, and the crowd was also pretty good overall.  the club isn't very big but it was decorated very nicely.  Also, with the help of some people everyone in my group was able to get in for free with a little tip.  In the end, all my friends and I had a great time there and I would definitely go there again!
Yum, yum, yum! . . When I am in Vegas there are a few things I look for in a restaurant. First and foremost I want the food to be fabulous, check! I want the atmosphere to be alive. I didn't come to Vegas to order room service or go to some quiet empty place. And I want good service. . . Lavo passed all my 'Vegas requirements' with flying colors. When you arrive you are brought warm garlic bread and marinara sauce. It's the perfect start to the meal and it's hard not to eat all of it.  . . For starters we shared what seemed to me to be the worlds largest meatball. It was fantastic - moist, and flavorful. Also covered in that tart and sweet marinara sauce.  We also had the beet salad. A healthy choice still packed with tastiness. . . For entrees we had the chicken, the pasta and a steak. Everything was delicious!
I got invited by one of my besties to check out Lavo this past week and I am utterly in love with the restaurant, if a bit underwhelmed by the nightclub.. . It was a Tuesday night and the entire place from the lounge, to the restaurant to the nightclub was packed.  We had martinis to start out and their absolutely delicious garlic bread with marinara was sent out.  Wisely we each only had a piece to save room for the food the chef was sending out to us.    We didn't actually order off the menu since we were just sent out a few small plates to taste.  Our waiter brought us a margeherita flat bread pizza, spicy egg plant and buffalo mozzarella pasta and garlic mashed potatoes.  All were melt in your mouth yummy, I couldn't stop eating the pasta (to the misfortune of my little cocktail dress) it had the tangy tomato fondue taste with buffalo mozzarella and then this divine after bite of spicy eggplant.  . . We also had dessert, one of Lavo's specialties, deep friend oreos. Now this is not your typical carnival food.  This was a beignet wrapped around an oreo with a side of cookies and cream ice cream for dipping.  Heaven.. . The restaurant had a live DJ and it was on the energetic side but the music was at the right volume to easily carry on a conversation.  Also, Neil, are server was great!  Very attentive, knowledgeable and funny.. . We went up to the nightclub after and ehhh...I've been to alot better, most of Vegas in fact.  The vibe was alot of fun, they had a good DJ spinning house music but the club is too small and far too crowded for me.  I like to actually be able to dance more.
I heart this place!!!!. . It's an AMAZING place to go have dinner and then go straight to the club upstairs afterwards.  The club is super fun too!  I would suggest making a 9 pm dinner reservation & by the time your done the club is jumping-walla super easy!  I was impressed with the club's music and how nice it was!  The restaurant bar is good too for a pre-dinner drink they have a little lounge area where you can sit and relax as well it's complete with a separate DJ too!. . The LAVO staffers are extremely friendly, very attentive and knowledgeable about the food!  The bouncers upstairs at the club went above and beyond. One showed me which way the restroom was, with his little flashlight, and almost basically walked me to the door.. . Now the food-very tasty, in fact I have more visitors in this weekend & I had so much fun last weekend I'll probably take them there again.  We started with the beef carpaccio and arugula salad...they server garlic bread with tasty tomato sauce that I wanted to eat with my fork!  Was delicious!  We got the Kobe meatball and spaghetti dinner and I'd totally order that again.. . This place is a go in my opinion.
Wasn't expecting a great experience at Lavo...but was shockingly surprised. . First Lavo is the Italian sister to the now famous Tao.  It is decorated in a French 1920s bisto type of very elegant way.. . First the service was top notch as is the drink menu.  The menu is varied with pizza, steaks, pasta and main dishes.  Their signature app is their kobe meatball.  I dont eat meat, but when in Rome....The meat was fantatstic as was the richness of the sauce. . For the main, I had the pasta, which was fresh with a very good red sauce.  Italian restaurants should have a good red sauce.  My colleagues had assorted pork, sea bass and steak dishes and enjoyed them thoroughly(then again I was buying). . For dessert, I was urged to order the Oreo(waitress was awesome, forgot her name, but she just turned 30)  The oreo is underneath a beinet, a french donut...I went to school in New Orleans, where these little hunks of fried wonder originate...great choice, great meal
LA LA LOVE LAVO!!! Went here for the club!. . Stayed in the Palazzo so got into this place for free! It was pretty bumpin on this Saturday night. Bouncers were friendly and the club has a sexy feel to it. A LOT smaller than TAO. I mean TAO is like 39843983983 bigger than LAVO. But it's QUALITY, not QUANTITY! I tell ya... Vegas makes THE BEST washington apples! The bartender made it perfect!!! My drink was $12 I think... not bad... we're in VEGAS people! The music was bumpin and the dance floor was PACKED!!! The bathrooms are clean and there's just enough air conditioning. 5 stars for me!!!
Review is for the restaurant only.. . Overall great!  The Kobe beef meatball appetizeris amazing, must try! Good to share for probably up to 4 people.  We also tried the lobster appetizer and it was good.   The garlic bread and marinara sauce was also good.  For dinner we shared veil parmesan and spaghetti with Kobe beef meatballs (yeah, we loved the Kobe beef meatball soo much we had to get some more).  Both dishes were great, tasty and cooked to perfection.  Tried 3 deserts, tiramisu, strawberry shortcake and raspberry cheesecake (we took the strawberry shortcake and the raspberry cheese cake home for the kids).    Loved the tiramisu and the kids loved their deserts as well.
Went to dinner here a few weeks ago as part of a large group.. Overall experience left us all happy-- . Waiter was friendly and engaging.. Tuna Tartare and Beef Carpaccio were fresh and good-  the later was a first for a few in the group and they both were pleasantly surprised.. I had the roasted Chilean Sea Bass-- which was perfect.. I shared the Sauteed Broccoli Rabe with a friend, and we both agreed that is had a strange flavor-- seasoning- although I can't pinpoint what it was, wasn't a fit for the broccoli.. We all decided to go for desert since the dinner had been decadent- why not top it off? right. I don't remember what it was called- but I do know what it consisted of-- battered and fried oreo cookies and vanilla ice cream.. It was one of those things that although you know you shouldn't be eating it-- it was worth every bite.
I'm a local, I tell people to go here.  I love the downstairs motif!  I also love the fact that you can bop around the Palazzo, drink & gamble, then go to dinner and the club all in the same place.  Eating here is like the start of your night, puts you in the right mood.. . staff is super nice too! always nice bouncers here, will escort you to the ladies as you push yourself through the hoards of people.
This is a review for the restaurant.. . Even before I start writing, I'm seriously craving their spaghetti and kobe-beef meatballs and garlic bread.. . I realize spaghetti and meatballs are kind of a hard dish to screw up (unless you're Denny's), but it is my go-to Italian dish, seeing as I'm lactose intolerant, and dislike vegetables with a passion. . . I had an excellent experience dining by myself, drinking my glass of cabernet, making eye contact with the hot guy across the restaurant, and enjoying every bite of my food. What's more, I had ridiculous amount of left over food, which I was able to eat as a midnight snack/breakfast thanks to the handy plastic utensils my waitress got for me.. . I'll definitely go back.
We arrived with a large group & sat at the private table in the back. . . The service was fantastic - they were on top of all our individual drink orders & kept checking back frequently (and remembered what we were each drinking). . The food was all excellent!  We had so much (family style), it's hard to pick favorites.  I never saw a menu because food was ordered for us, but some of the standouts were: beet salad, giant meatball, cold seafood tiered plate (with prawns, lobster, crab meat, tuna tartar & oysters), sea bass, green beans, chicken parmesan and chocolate rolled cake.  . I'm not a fan of the battered & fried oreos or the tiramisu, but other people at our table enjoyed them.  . . I would definitely come back here & look to try the Lavo in NY. . . PS - towards the end of our dinner, we noticed it turning into a club - there were A LOT of attractive people hanging around. Must be a hot spot.
The chicken parmesan is the largest and most delicious I have ever had. It can easily feed two people and worth every bite. . . Pricey but the quality is superb. Will definitely be back.
Been to Lavo a few times before for the nightlife and nothing really caught my attention except for the open bar before 11pm and the guaranteed walk in to XS right after, but Lavo sure left  a lasting impression the last time I was there.. . Winter in Vegas: Ever find yourself bored as hell during the day without summer's Tao Beach, Wet Republic, Rehab, Encore Beach, etc... ? Now presenting Lavo Brunch... untz untz untz. Yes it is your typical nice brunch with fancy shmancy table settings, classy food, mimosas, champagne, etc. Imagine that... BUT add dimmed lights. strobe lights. excessive amounts of alcohol. glow sticks/bracelets. neon colored sunglasses. bumping music. aaaaaaaaaand girls dancing on top of these fancy tables. . . Lavo just took brunch to another level. Love it.
The club is fairly small but the size really helps if you're trying to keep track of several drunk friends who wander off. I've never not had a good time here. The open bar for girls has provided a lot of free alcohol for my friends, and handy sodas for me (since I'm almost always the driver). The music has varied across my visits, but it's always been fun and good for dancing. The bathrooms are easy to find and watching performers here is easy since the club is so compact.
Juicy CLUB in Palazzo with the best music!!!. . Dom Perignon is here!!! FUN TIMES!!. . This club has the best music in vegas. They play a lot of hip hop and mashups and it was really good. . . A power 106 dj was spinning when we went. Usually it's a girl spinning. They are all very good!!! . . The tables here are super cool. You can put ur purses and jackets in a drawer hidden behind the table so no one can steal it. Love that!!. . You can go up on the ledge behind the table to dance too. Super fun!!. . There is always a waitress standing around to serve you the drinks. They also dance very good and entertain you. . . The only problem is that the place is kinda small, so even if you have a table and there's rope around, it is overly crowded.
Great Food.
This review is strictly for their new Saturday Champagne Brunch. OMG! It was awesome! . . We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party. While heading out to Pure Friday night, we were approached by one of their promoters. Raul asked if we had plans tomorrow during the day. Nope. He invited all 13 of us for brunch at 2pm and said it was free. Sounds too good to be true eh?! But we didn't have anything planned so we agreed. . . We arrived around 3pm and this place was packed! It was literally clubbing during the day! We were greeted by Raul and a couple other promoters. Sure enough, they had a table waiting for us just inside front entrance. Everyone enjoyed some drinks and then we were moved to another table inside the restaurant/lounge. We were very close to the DJ. On the table were more champagne, vodka & mixers. There were glow sticks, sunglasses, foamy glow patons, etc. I felt like it was a rave. Funny thing, they had the curtains drawn to make it dark inside, but you can still see daylight outside thru the cracks. I can't believe this was going on at 3pm?! . . Next I knew, the waiters brought out HUGE portions of pancakes, waffles, garlic fries, salad, etc. We still couldn't believe this was all free. We were afraid we'd get a huge bill at the end. Nevertheless, we still enjoyed the food. The waffles & fries were amazing!. . Around 5pm, we were asked to move to another table again. But this time, we've already befriended a smaller round table next to us so we just joined those two guys. They were super cool to offer us their champagne and vodka. About 30min later, the two guys said they were leaving and bought us a GIANT bottle of Grey Goose as a gift for the bachelorette and said 'congrats'! Holy Cow!? We stayed and partied 'til it ended at 6pm. Needless to say, it was an awesome time. We were prepared to at least tip SOMEONE but no one came to us with a bill or anything. LAVO, you rock!!!
My sister and I ate dinner at LAVO on Saturday night. We had 7:15 pm reservations and even though it was a tad early to eat by Vegas standards, the restaurant was pretty full. The tables for two are a little close together, but you still feel as if you have your own space and I really didn't overhear either of our neighbor's conversations.. . Our meal started with two glasses of sauvignon blanc and complimentary garlic bread. The garlic bread portion was huge and a great side for our meals. For entrees, my sister had the chicken parmigiano, I had the chilean sea bass, and we split a sea salt baked potato. Our waitress graciously mentioned to my sister that her meal did not include pasta in case she wanted to add that (she didn't). Once we saw the size of the chicken parm, I can see why it doesn't come with pasta! Her piece of chicken was the size of her plate! Needless to say she wasn't able to eat the whole thing, but she loved every bite that she did have. My sea bass, which was a nice thick slice, was cooked to perfection - it was flaky and just melted in my mouth. The baked potato was a great size (thank goodness we shared it), but could have used just a touch more salt. For dessert, we shared the chocolate cake roll. In keeping with the theme of our meal, it was gigantic. Easily four people could have shared that dessert. The cake was delicious and light which was good since we were pretty full from our entrees.. . Our waitress was very nice and did a great job of checking on us through the night. She also didn't rush us as we took our time with dessert and finishing our wine. The food does come out rather quickly - it couldn't have been more than ten minutes from the time we ordered until the time food appeared at our table. LAVO does a great job with table turnover, so even if you walk in without a reservation, you probably won't have to wait too long. Prices are actually really reasonable - after tax and tip, my share of the bill was $82.. . I would definitely eat at LAVO on a future visit and will be recommending it to friends who are traveling to Vegas in the near future.
GIRL REVIEW. . If you like hip hop and booty poppin music, you have to go on Sundays. For me, it was open bar, and there a little runway stage that  I like where girls can dance. . . Just sayin...good music, (if you wanna switch it up to some hip hop), eh it's an ok venue, a bit small, but I had the time of my life at Lavo. Highly recommended for the booty shakers.
This review is for their LAVO Champagne Brunch! My new favorite place to hit up in vegas during the day now! :D. . One of my girlfriends knew a promoter and walked 8 of us in. They placed us at a table near the entrance. Free alcohol and free food!? What more can you ask for!? Waiters brought out pancakes, waffles, pizza, garlic fries, salad, etc. mmm! They also give you neon glasses, glow sticks, sweat band, and foam glow sticks! Definitely a hipster/raver party haha. They do have an outdoor area for you to smoke. Weird to come out to see the sun and then walking back into the club with glow sticks everywhere.Haha only in vegas. The Dj was pretty good, played mostly electro songs. Their go go dancers are pretty hot too, especially the asian girl. ;). . Overall, I would definitely come back here. B)
This night club is the night clubs of the night clubs! Ladies get in free and drink for free on Wednesday nights (drink WHATEVER) you want to drink. Sorry guys..You will have to pay for cover and you will pay for your drinks...$15+ But not bad for the ambiance, beautiful people (or was I just too enubriated to really notice), those cool sinks with running water that mainly decorate the floor, and the beats..Can we talk about the beats that the DJ was spinning??? He was doing his thing and everyone was grooving to music from 80's,90's to present. I mean he was spinning, or was that me spinning? Nonetheless, I got my groove on and had a great night tearing up the dance floor. . . For the ladies..bathrooms are located downstairs..
This review is for the restaurant.. . I'm going to say this now. I have NOTHING negative to say about this restaurant. The food and service were impeccable. We were seated within 10 minutes and our waiter was very attentive, helpful, and friendly. . . We ordered the kobe rice balls for an appetizer and they were nothing short of delicious. The rice was similar to a risotto. They weren't the japanese rice balls that I had in mind. Instead, they were fried and had marinara sauce, but still it was deeee-lish!. . For our entrees my boyfriend had the chilean seabass and I had the chicken and mushroom ravioli. Both were perfect, the fish was extremely juicy and tender and the ravioli was flavored quite nice and the added arugula made for a nice accompaniment.. . Overall, our meal was spectacular. The only slight and I mean SLIGHT downside is that the pricing is a little steep. But then again, you get what you pay for.
Working. Good to be a part of something this successful
Excellent food, service, and atmosphere - the full package.  Went there the final night of a 3-day string of wonderful meals.  Even in that company the restaurant held its own.   Very pricey, but it is Las Vegas after all.
Great service, Great food, Amazing music. We decided to start the night getting some grub and a drink. We were a larger group (14 people) and i was only able to eat what was on our side of the table. it did seem like we ordered almost everything from the menu but what i can most distinctly remember are the following. WE started with the Margherita pizza than had the sea salt baked potato and baby asparagus. And for our main course i had the rigatoni sausage bolognese and the maine lobster and an order of the mixed wild mushroom. (i split the main course with someone else.) seemed like a lot of food even for me. . . After dinner, We made our way to the second level which had a more of a club vibe, great tunes and they gave away free drink to the ladies from 11 to 1, i think. which was great for half our party. Definitely a place for bachelorette party. Definitely where the ladies are.
****Club Review****  Great experience, we booked bottle service which has quite a sticker shock initially, but always ends up being money well spent.  We got a great table thanks to Marc and Brandon followed by awesome service from the lovely Jillian.
If only they opened a Lavo in LA or SD, I'd be fat and broke. This place is a real treat when we come to Vegas. I mean, I don't think I've had food like this before. The garlic  bread is to die for! I'll be talking about it for the next 6 months. I love the marinara sauce because it doesn't taste like someone jazzed up some Prego and slapped it on some pasta. It's not super thick sauce but it sure is tasty. The Kobe meatballs are so ridiculous. It's like, how am I gonna eat another meatball after that? I'm gonna turn into a full throttle meatball snob. . . I've never had dessert here because I'm too stuffed to even think about eating dessert after dinner.. . Make reservations. We tried to go once and hardly got a table.
Never would I have thought to come to LAVO for dessert. I thought it was just a club.. . I came here for one reason: FRIED OREOS! Sooo soft, warm and FANTASTIC! It was surprisingly light unlike the ones at Carnivals. The Vanilla Gelato that was served with them made the dessert PERFECT!. I ordered it to go, but I couldn't contain myself and i tore that to-go box up and ate it at the bar. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VsewHMsfj1Mgsl2i_hio7w#t-DhxUlDTT6T8wgDmc2LMQ
OOOOooOOh LAVO!. Such great food and memories here!. . Let me start by saying that the decor and ambiance is on point at LAVO! From the lighting, to the decor, to the people, to the loud bumping music. You walk in and you already feel lavish!. When I walked in I bumped into David Spade! I couldnt help but take a double look when I saw him walking out of the restaurant. . . They have the cutest fully stocked bar. With GOOD cocktails. And well their dinner menu is impeccable!  Try their fried oreos for dessert!  I assure that  YOU WILL DIE AND RESURRECT!! . . Just a couple of FYI's. If you want to have dinner there make a reservation! They get extremly busy for dinner!. Also, if you have dinner at LAVO you get to go to their nightclub for FREEE! . . NOW FOR THE NIGHTCLUB. . I wasn't too impressed. The entrance leading to the club is rather intriguing. But the actual club is small and If you dont have a bottle you have no where to sit. . ASIDE from that good crowd, good music bumpin, and good times!
This place was AWESOME! My boyfriend and I had dinner here over Memorial Day weekend! Our waiter KC was so hospitable, he recommended everything we needed up ordering and we were so delighted with all of his choices! We started with kobe meatball with ricotta. My boyfriend had the sea bass (melted in your mouth), I had the spaghetti carbonara with chicken which was to die for! Then we had the fried Oreo's with Vanilla ice-cream for dessert! KC also recommended a drink that wasn't on the menu that was made or Rose wine and some type of blueberry vodka that was just absolutely divine! Omg this place is soooo yummy and the service was the definition of impeccable we will definitely be going back to LAVO with all our friends on our next Vegas trip!
Oh Lavo how I love thee!  We went here last Saturday night for a bachelorette party. Had a late night reservation for 8 at 945. Got there, we were like 10 mins early, sat at the bar, chatted it up with the lovely Christian, got some drinks and bing right on time our reservation is ready. Hot damn!. . We sit down, have a lovely waitress who is all smiles and is aiming to please [remind you she's female we are all female and she was still super duper nice]. We order, get more drinks, say hi to the manager who looks like superman, bread and appies arrive-LIFE IS GOOD.. . Ok garlic bread [yes you are probably going to make out with some random later, so bring gum] b/c this bread is worth it!  Kobe stuffed RICE BALLS- there is a god.  These things are FREAKING amazing-like foodgasm good, calamari yummie, and flatbread pizza also very good.. . I ordered a tomato and mozzarella salad, this thing is huge [that's what she said], so share it.  IT was again way too much food. My other friend and I split Kobe meatballs and spaghetti, well that was so amazing, she's eaten meatballs everyday since just to try and pretend they were the same.  My other girlfriend who weighs about 100 lbs soaking wet got Eggplant Parmigiana. OK dude she was going to make out with it at the table, she said and I quote 'the is the best eggplant Parmigiana I have ever had IN MY LIFE" she said it like 5 times so I'm fairly confident she meant it. She was also devising ways in which she could take the rest of it home, stick it in her going out bag, and eat it after we went to the club. She was distraught, to say the least, that she was not able to bring it with her for later.. . We finish eating and literally roll our happy asses upstairs; whereby, we are escorted to our table and are assigned a wonderfully nice man by the name of Tony who is our security guard for the night. Tony is a miracle worker, basically he boots bad men away from you [A+] and when you have to use the ladies, he escorts you every time himself, flashlight in toe and hand delivers you to the restroom. THEN, bless his heart, waits for you and escorts you back so you don't have to deal w/ shoving people out of your way. OH WHAT A LOVELY CONCEPT!. . We had an A+ time here seriously, service was impeccable, price was right, and we all can't wait to do round 2!
Wow I do think I can say one bad thing about lavo... Actually I lost my ID here because I was soo wasted... Hahahahah. . So the night started with some bottle service that our promoter comped for us! It wasn't the cheap stuff it was gray goose! After we had a few, we went up to the club and say in the vip area with all my girls! Ladies pls don't bring men with you in you want to be taken care of! Hahaha. . . 5 stars for lavo!
For dinner:. . I've been here 3 times and was impressed each time.  Great food.  Reasonable prices.  The servings are huge, so you definitely can split an entree.  We sat on the outdoor patio at dusk last time we were there, which was a great spot.  Definitely a great place for an intimate dinner or for groups.  The service is great too.  Everyone is so friendly and helpful.  Highly recommended.
You just gotta. Because if you  do, you will be happy that you did. Not for the stupid foam they release from the got damn ceiling--but I did like the confetti. You'll be happy that you did, because as your poor little feet throb and endure numbness, you will look up at that disco ball and think, "Got dammit. I'm in Vegas. I'm young. I'm funkin hot. And I'll sleep when I'm dead."
Delicious Italian! We order the same meal each time we go: shrimp cocktail for an app with the complimentary garlic bread, then for your entree get the meatball with ricotta appetizer (one HUGE meatball) and an order of spaghetti with tomato and basil sauce. Do this instead of ordering spaghetti and meatballs - better deal. Then, save room for dessert and get the Oreo Zeppole, 6 fried Oreos that you dip in a vanilla milkshake. It's sinful but oh so amazing and you will be craving that meal until your next trip to Vegas! . . My only complaint is the really loud, bumping music. Take it down a notch!
went back to the club and the restaurant as well. The VIP host "Robert C" was very good, he hooked us up with a great dancefloor table next to some very pretty girls. That was a good night. I love this club, its all about having a good time unlike other clubs where its all about trying to show off how much money you can burn through in a night. Music is always great, favorite is the DJ Vice Sundays but the La Freak Friday party was fun as well. . . Also had dinner here. The Kobe meatball was amazing. Huge, ate it later, would want to try it with ricotta...also loved the eggplant, fresh mozerella and rigatoni....al dente...the complimentary garlic bread and tomato sauce was awesome. the only complaint was on the tuna tartare the olive on the side made it a little salty, but then again I'm not really big on tuna tartare to begin with. Service was really great, our waitress really was helpful.
Located in The Palazzo Hotel Casino, this is the nightclub part of this place, the restaurant is downstairs. For a nightclub the room is fairly bright (That's a good thing in my book). The servers have no attitude (also a good thing in my book). Also a word about the Palazzo, they are very good to the community, much better than some of the other strip casinos (A very good thing in my book). I should also mention that the drinks are very good as well. It is worth stopping by for a drink or three, an all around fun place.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
My friends and I ended up at the nightclub on Wednesday and really enjoyed ourselves.  Yes, the dance flood is small, but a lot of the clubs where I am from are similar. . . We ate here on Thursday, 9/20 and LOVED it!  I had the salmon and couldn't believe how delicious everything was.  I had read a bunch of reviews on here before we left for Vegas and almost changed my mind on eating here, but I'm certainly glad I didn't.  The restaurant was a little loud, but the food and the scenery made up for it.
This review is solely based on my experience with the restaurant. . . I had the meatball with ricotta cheese and it was absolutely heaven and I had some calamari which was super delicious. . . For dinner, I had the filet with the chimichurri sauce and spinach which went above and beyond my expectations. Also, the salmon is spectacular and the fried oreos are a must. I was extremely pleased with this meal and pleasantly surprised to see how well priced things were-- especially compared to other restaurants in Vegas that don't come close favor-wise. . . I'm giving it 5 stars because the food was delicious and our waiter was so nice and patient with our rather large party. I will definitely be coming back here any time I'm in Vegas.
Lavo nightclub is the spot on Sundays. especially when there's VICE. Cant get any better. free cover for guys and girls on gl, girls have open bar until midnight. confetti, glow sticks, foam, great music, madness!. . total cost spent between my friends and I: $11 (tipping for drinks).
Delicious food and a great outside seating area overlooking the strip.. . Garlic bread was some of the best I've ever had. My date had veal parmesan that was so incredibly good. I've never had veal parmesan before so idk what to compare it to but I am now a fan. At least of theirs. I was jealous that I didn't order it. I had the kobe meatball with ricatta and that thing was the size of a baseball. It was seasoned very well and was very flavorful. I had it for leftovers the next couple days. . . Very hip/trendy restaurant with a young people vibe although I did see some oldies there. Nothing wrong with that but it is also a nightclub upstairs so I guess that explains the typical crowd this place draws.
Fantastic  Food. . Service was perfect. Very fast & friendly.  Totally worth the price.
WOW! One for the books! Talk about TURNT THE FACK UP! rolled to Lavo on Sunday for VICE Sundays with about 30+ of my friends. The guys did bottle service and the girls were taken care of through gl with open bar till 12:30am. (Thanks Tristan for ALWAYS getting my back on entrance) I thought LAVO for hallowen weekend was wild but this past Sunday Vice KILLED IT AGAIN ON THE TABLES! He is by far one of my favorite multi-genre dj. I was jiggin with my team like no other! about 1/3 of the team stayed till the CLUB CLOSED. Literally Dj Vice was playin slaps till they turned the lights on!. . This night in particular was the most crowded i've seen it and I've been here at least 4-5 times. There was a mustache party nd the winner came out with $3000! Not bad.. . NOTE: I've never been here other than Sundays, but if you want the time of your life, hit up Lavo on Sunday when DJ Vice is djing.. . Total spent: $Free.99
My wife and I had dinner here for the first time and let me tell you something; . Service - excellent . Food - excellent . What else is there, this is all you need at a restaurant.
Went here for a bachelorette party for both dinner and then the club upstairs.  . . Everyone really enjoyed their meal and the garlic bread was out of this world.  It comes out nice and hot and wrapped in aluminum foil.. . From what i can remember, we all had a great time at the club as well.. . Would love to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
Lavo's Vice Sunday was easily the best night of the trip for me.  After a long weekend we were all ready to indulge one last time and Lavo provided the perfect atmosphere for that.  We managed to have a table for the entire night, I'm still not sure how bottles kept appearing, but it was a blast.  The music was the perfect balance of old school, hip hop, and current jams.  Lavo tops the list for me because it was laid-back, lacked pretense, and was filled with people genuinely enjoying Sunday Funday in Sin City.
Had the meatball with sausage ragu. It was so amazing. Be warned it is very big, my girlfriend had to save hers for later
The meatball was so amazing.  . Food =Amazing. Service=Amazing. If I had this everyday,  I would never stop having the meatball and the waiters and waitresses are very convincing.
So I hit up Lavo for two weekends in a row, weekend before Xmas and New Years Day. I seriously have NOTHING bad to say about this spot. What is there not to like when its easy for girls to get in for free, guys get in for free if there is a 1:1 ratio as long as the girl is on gl, and girls get open bar until midnight!. . The weekend before xmas, we went on a Sunday during DJ Vice who ALWAYS kills it on the tables! I love the fact that they always throw out them cool glowsticks, there's confetti or foam that shoots out, and the fog! Whenever theres fog, it just makes the experience better! It wasn't as crowded, but there definitely enough people to make the spot poppin!. . New Years Day, It was a Tuesday and it was industry night. The line was ridiculously long but we still all managed to get in for free and waited for about 20 minutes? This time around the club was much more crowded than last Sunday I went but it was still a great time. Of course they came back with the glowsticks, foam and they gave us another New Years countdown!! Dj Lema and special guest Dj Chuckie, killed the tables! Before I knew it, I looked and it was 3:30am!. . Lavo nightclub is the spot to be if you looking for a cross between mega club (xs, marquee) and lounge (ghostbar).. . Spent: Free.99
I literally licked my plate. Yes I was a wee bit intoxicated but it was 100% justified.. . My boss and his wife raved about how freaking amazing their Kobe meatballs are. I prepared myself for potential over hype, but they lived up to all expectations.. . Going a step back, we arrived on time for our 8pm reservation and had to wait as the place was super busy with it being the last night of CES. A slight nudge and the management did what every restaurant should do, they bought us a round of drinks. Just as we were going to sweet talk our way into a 2nd round, our table was ready.. . This place is sexy, though due to CES the male:female ratio was skewed to sausage. It is at this point that my boss taught me a life lesson. Rather than deal with the back and forth after asking 'What does everyone feel like eating?', simply tell your server to pick their favourites for you. Now this is assuming the server isn't useless. . . As I forget the sequence of arrival, here we go:. . Green salad - helped with carb guilt. Calamari - perfectly cooked, well spiced. A-5 Kobe meatball with fresh whipped ricotta - What transpired in my mouth was a little intimate. Wow^2.. Rigatoni Melanzana - It had a generous dollop of buffalo mozzarella. Enough said.. Chilean Sea Bass - Delicate, butter ocean joy.. Bone-in Rib Eye with a side of garlic herb butter - Juicy, tofu-tender, carnivore heaven. I chewed the meat on the bone with pride.. Deep Fried Oreos - I thought my boss was joking ordering such a thing at this kind of place, but he insisted. Dipped in gelato, they were magical enough for me to lick my plate clean.. . I shall return. Tongue out.
Great spot!  Wish we'd had room for dessert.  . . We had a 10 pm reservation for Lavo because we were going to a show first and didn't want to be rushed.  We actually arrived early and the staff was able to seat us a little before 10, we spent the time before that enjoying a drink in the bar.. . The space is great - dark, with djs, good seating and a nice atmosphere.  The staff was very friendly and while the music in the bar was loud, as it should be, it was not too loud at the table.. . I would probably have given Lavo a 4 which is, ya know, as good as it gets BUT our server, Rina, was amazing.  Besides the fact that she was simply adorable and had an awesome personality, she genuinely seemed to enjoy her job.  She made suggestions, asked lots of questions, and checked with the chef on a few things for the gluten-free friend in our group of five.  We also walked out with TWO restaurant recommendations from her for our next trip to Traverse City, MI where I go for work every May.. . Three of us ordered off the menu and two got specials.  The red snapper got RAVE reviews and should probably be put on the menu based on what we heard not only from the person in our party but also Rina.  The lamb, while huge, was also amazing.  There was a great deal of tasting going on around our table :)  K and N both got the ravioli and loved it - the portion of this dish was probably the most perfect.  I went with the army surplus sized penne alla vodka with prosciuto and peas.  It was incredible (but HUGE) although I thought the peas were a little hard.  Not sure why that would be.  . . The wine list is fantastic and the environment is fun.  We especially loved that even though the space is dark everything is lit from the bottom giving the fresco-ish tiles an ethereal glow.  Amazing, amazing, amazing - thank you, Rina!
Such a beautiful venue with amazing food. The meatballs are so delicious I can't even handle it. Fried oreos are better than sex.
By far one of my favorite places to dine in Vegas!!!! The food and service are beyond amazing!! I have never been diappointed with the food or service. My favorite part is the garlic bread and marinara sauce that is served hot as soon as you sit!!!!! Can't wait to go again and again........
I haven't eaten here, but I've definitely partied here.. . LAVO has got to be the best place to be on Sunday nights- VICE Sundays. DJ Vice is the sh*t. Before heading out, my buddy asked me what his DJ style is like, and the best way I can describe it is high energy the whole time, except this last time when he rounded off the night with Drake/The Weeknd's "Crew Love.". . If you can get on a guestlist, you won't have to wait in line and can probably get in free, and girls can get free drinks until midnight.. . Whatever your plans are for Sunday nights in Vegas, cancel them and go to LAVO.
There really is no complaints about this place because every time I come I do not have to wait in line and I always receive complimentary drinks. For those who do have to wait in line, it's not that long during the week.. . The ambiance is very classy/upscale type ish. It's not too big, almost the size of a trendy lounge. . . Open bar is usually from 11-12 at this place! I usually get the vodka and red bull (sugar-free). . The genre of music they play is hip hop and the dance floor usually gets packed!. . It's better to have table service here because there is no area where you can sit down and I think smoking cigarettes is allowed here because I saw a few people smoking some and they weren't told anything. . . Shoutout to Jordan Spitz(Senior VIP host) who always takes care of us when we are out there!
This is very hard for me to say but... Lavo Day party might be my most favorite thing to do in Vegas.  I have done ALL the pool parties, night clubs, ect.  Everything is great but Lavo day party is amazing.  Table service here is great and they are very attentive.  Starts off as a brunch and the food is pretty good.  The prices are all VERY reasonable for Vegas standards and bottle prices are the best in Vegas.  Beautiful crowd here and the party gets pretty wild after an hour or so.  When they drop the curtains you know its about to go down!  Music here is great and the atmosphere is one of my favorites in Vegas. Def a MUST go and good luck getting in!!!
Just close your eyes and pick anything.  The one pound meatball is awesome and the garlic bread is as good as it gets. I recently had a special they were serving, two sole medallions in a brown butter sauce. Before I knew it, it was gone. Best Italian restaurant you can go to.
Meatballs are excellent. Love the atmosphere too. Make sure to sit inside, way better than outside trust me.
We kicked off girls weekend here with some family style food and pitchers of cocktails.  The food was excellent, specifically the Kobe meatball (which was huge), polenta fries, and fried zucchini.  We shared a huge pitcher of the cocktail 'Sicilian sun' which felt bottomless.  The pitchers of cocktails is the way to go if 3 or more of you are going to drink. Our waitress was awesome and we had a great time.  All in all a 5 star experience.
Three Words - BEST. STEAK. EVER!!!!. . The plan was to splurge on our final night dinner in Las Vegas...and well, $110 per person was just that.  We narrowed down dinner to Carnevino or Lavo ...on the walk down to Carnevino, we stopped to check out the menu at Lavo and we figured we'd consider it based on Carnevino's menu.  Their menu was a bit above what we were looking and thought we'd get a bigger bang for our buck here and yep...we did!!!. . Our service was GREAT!!!. . So our water cost $16, I said still water as I thought we'd get charged for sparkling but we still got charged but I'm not going to complain...moving on...we ordered a large ricotta stuffed meat ball for an appetizer.  I got the 8oz filet and polenta fries for a meal, and the oreo pizzole for dessert.  NO COMPLAINTS.  Seriously...this was probably the BEST Filet I've ever had...kicked the butt of Gibson's here in Chicago.  Everything was just to die for.... . Looking for some fabulous eats in Vegas...GO HERE!!!!
Let me start by saying that i have consistently had great experiences at LAVO! The food and service is truly wonderful here! I usually order the kobe meatball for an appetizer and the lasagna for my main entree. This week i switched it up and after looking at how good the pictures of the veal parmigiana was i had to see if was as good as it looked.. INDEED it was worth every penny. This actually was my first time even eating Veal and i think i've found my new favorite dish here at LAVO! My friend i was with ordered the traditional spaghetti & meatballs. HUGE portions which is always a plus, very tasty! For dessert the Tiramisu was yet another home run!! 5-stars guys!
Went to this place for a Rock and Roll wine event and I was blown away by Lavo! This place was super cool from the awesome outside patio to the cool upstairs area to the chic downstairs dining room. . . I will come back here and see if the food is as good as the place looks!
If you die before eating the kobe beef meatball here you will go straight to hell, because this meatball is absolute heaven! All of the food is spectacular here, And the place is simply cool. What not to eat... everything is terrific!
This review is for the restaurant only. We had reservations to dine here on a Friday night. We showed up a few minutes prior and seating promptly at our reservation time. We had a large party of 8. The service was excellent. Food was delicious. I had the filet mignon and the asparagus.  I also tried a meatball which was good too. I tried a bite of the deep fried Oreos which were to die for and others raved about the strawberry shortcake. We really enjoyed our meal here and would absolutely recommend it for fine dining on the Strip.
My favorite restaurant to eat at when In Las Vegas! Not only is the food amazing, but I love sitting on the terrace getting to enjoy the weather and watching the show going on at Treasure Island across the way.10 stars, will go back every time I'm in Vegas!
Sat/8 Jun my 2 friends and I came here initially:. - Club passes for "complimentary admission for 2 ladies, reduced admission for 2 gentlemen" for Tao Club, Lavo Club or Tao Beach Club are available for free from the front desk/concierge at Venetian/Palazzo or the Tao desk in between those 2 hotels.  Just ask nicely.. - We arrived about 12:30 am and since there was no line we went straight in.. $20/man, or $10/man with the club pass.  . - Lavo club had a typical ratio, I'd say about 60% guys, 40% gals, and average age of 30 or so (whereas Tao crowd skews younger, average of age 25 or so).  . - Bouncers and bartender were all cool.  Cocktails are $13/ea.. - Compared to the megaclub Tao, it was easier to dance in Lavo since it wasn't crowded, it was easy to find seats in the bar area (no bottle service required) and a more mature crowd.  I would have liked to stay at Lavo but my friends wanted to go to Tao so we moved on.
Yes!!! I love LAVO nightclub Las Vegas!!!! The time I came here was when I was staying at The Palazzo and it is located just inside the hotel / casino... which made coming here a no brainer. Although this is a somewhat smaller club, I love the bouncers and promoters here. They are friendly and handle the crowds well. . . My first time coming to Lavo was a great experience. As we walked in, you are greeted by the hosts and also an interesting stairway where you can see up over the crowd. The club is just super sexy and has a very young vibe. There is a dress code, there are hot club dancers, and I think we also saw Lil Jon?! . . There are few bars to get drinks at, there are plenty of areas to dance and there are two bathrooms where you can do your business. I also like that there is a balcony that you can go outside to get a breather, escape creeps, or grab a smoke if needed. Overall, the music is fun, people are up and dancing, and the staff here is respectful and helpful. The place is beautifully decorated, and just screams Vegas. Although it is a smaller club, it is still a really good time here. My friend and I had such a great time here, we came back twice in one week. Lavo is awesome!
OMG!!!!! Yummy!!!! Best freaking meatball I have ever had in my life. Cheese   Cake was out of this world also a yummy spin n a classic using ricotta. Wish I could beam there anytime have so craved this place since I left. Top of my list defiantly.
Vegas has some great restaurants, and well far too many that just seem to be getting by with a cool atmosphere and average food. This is NOT one of those just skimming by... this restaurant is FANTASTIC!. . We had a group of 14... which understandably can be a pain. They accommodated us  without hesitation, but that was just the start of it. Our server (I wish I caught his name) was outstanding. He was on top of it, gave great recommendations and even gave us a coupon from the hotel book for half off a magnum bottle of champagne (who does that?!).  . . Next... the food... umm wow. We had a bunch of appetizers (oysters, crab legs, flatbread, GARLIC BREAD). All delicious. There are 2 things you MUST try (not optional in my opinion)... the KOBE MEATBALLS... yeah... I dont even know how to describe how good they were and DEEP FRIED OREOS, well you can imagine what that deliciousness might be like. . . We had such a great experience that I had to ask for the manager after dinner... Jason was awesome and gave me his card and said not to hesitate to let him know if we needed anything else. This guy clearly knows how to do good business.. . I honestly cant recommend this restaurant enough... it is now my go to for all vegas trips!
This food...DAMN GOOD!! The beet salad was beyond good as were the asparagus. We had a party of 30 for my Aunt's bday celebration and it was about a six course meal and everything I ate was perfectly cooked, the seasoning were carefully thought out and executed to perfection. The chicken marsala was thinly done and small, but packed an incredible taste of the mushrooms underneath and sauce drizzled on top. Asparagus spears were seasoned with salt, garlic and lemon and sauteed the best I've ever had.. . The service was by far the best we had all weekend. I believe our server was Danny a young guy with tattoos on his arm. He was awesome. I sat at the table with my cousins and their kids (it was a younger table but well behaved kids) and he was helped serve the little ones so we could enjoy our meals, who does that? NO ONE EVER!! at least not the places I've been to. He was always right there filling our cups up as was the other server, I can't recall his name. I just remember he has a lil girl who was around the same age as my baby cousin and he was showing her pic to them, which we didn't mind and thought it was really cool how intimate they made the whole experience feel for us. . . We stayed at the Palazzo and I was not too impressed by the service, but the restaurant and service made up for a lot of it! I would recommend anyone visiting Vegas to try this place out and hopefully you get our servers and experience what we did. . . The entire party got the following: Kobe beef meatballs (two large ones) in marinara sauce, beet salad with vinagrette dressing (perfection) sauteed asparagus spears in lemon and garlic (awesome) calamari (tied for the best I've had) not greasy at all. Italian sausage with pasta and Bolognese Sauce (a bit salty, but creamy and very good) Chicken Parm (too greasy so I didn't touch it) didn't look that appetizing. Chicken Marsala (already spoke about) and Pasta Carbonara with bacon (this was on point!) Creamy, great taste with every bite, perfectly seasoned and great portions. Then we had chocolate cake with peanut butter filling with was too sweet for me but the filling was not your average skippy peanut butter. It was slick, creamy and perfectly sweet. Oh yea and the infamous fried oreo. I didn't eat this but everyone said how good it was.
Lavo is located inside the Palazzo, right on the strip. It has a little bit of everything on the menu: pasta, pizza, fish, meat. The inside is dim, dark wood, lanterns, and would have a romantic feel if it wasn't so loud-the music that is. We opted to sit outside on the terrace as it was a beautiful night. Everything on the menu looks great by the way. It's a la carte style so my friend and I ordered the calamari to start, the branzino and the ahi tuna for our entrees,  the mushrooms, and polenta "fries". The calamari was fresh, crispy, plump yet lightly battered and served with the most amazing marinara. They also brought some garlic bread to the table served with the same marinara sauce. Did I mention how much I love good marinara? Theirs was awesome too, I was in love.. Our fish was cooked wonderfully. The mushrooms were tender, yet had crispy edges that made them so tasty. The polenta fries were one of the most creative plates I've seen in a long time. Essentially, these garlicky, buttery, seasoned, soft polenta delights were formed into large rectangular "fries" (there were four in an order) coated in breadcrumbs and fried like a mozzarella stick. Then, they were served with that amazing sauce. Theywere my favorite item of the evening. . Their signature dessert is the fried oreos. We were full but didn't want to miss out on their signature dish. They were very, very good, but since I've had fried oreos at the state fair many times, they weren't a novel idea, nor much different. So, if you haven't ever tried them, get them, but if the concept isn't new to you you can try something different.. Service was great. My water glass was full all night, empty plates cleared promptly, and our server offered some great suggestions on where to go out later that evening. The whole dining experience was just that, an experience, and a great one.
one of our favorite restaurants in vegas. . 3rd time back . . spaghetti and meatballs are the best! and the deep fried oreos with a cup of vanilla ice cream is the best way to finish a meal!
My favorite restaurant on the strip by far! Meatballs are amazing and love the ambiance :)
This place is perfect!!!! Their food is amazing, the environment is relaxed and perfect for a date;) . . I highly recommend the Shrimp Scampi, Sea Bass, or the Spaghetti. Also recommend the Gelato for dessert!. . They also serve garlic bread with marinara sauce complimentary. Which is delicious.
This club is one of the best. I got put on the guess list with a few of my friends on the strip in the middle of the day. When we got there there was a line out the door and people were arriving in limos. There were hot girls near the entrance. When we got inside we went upstairs and the floor was packed out with people. A VIP group was in a secret room next to the bar tender. She was overwhelmed with drink orders. It was hard to order a drink with so many people crowding and the noise. I went down stairs and it was not as hectic. People sat around the large bar and sat on couches nearby. When I went back up stairs LMFAO was there passing out light sticks. They had expensive jewelry, wild animal print clothes, and they knew how to dance. I just started jumping up and down with the crowd. I got in for free and had a blast.
Every restaurant should aspire to have service on this level.  We made reservations on open-table and unfortunately the restaurant was running late. The host apologized and gave us each a cocktail of our choice and a large prosciutto plater.  The wait staff was gorgeous and completely attentive.  Price wise- it was fair and expected, given the location and trendiness.  There is a Live DJ spinning as you eat and relax, knowing you will not be frustrated with lazy service.  5 stars and standing ovation.
oldie but goodie . . There are very few places that are open on Sundays in vegas for clubbing. It was either Lavo, XS, Bank and Hakkassan. We chose Lavo because we've been there before and it's always a good time with my girls plus I don't like XS because we want to dance not sit by the pool; The Bank is just a pass; we had already gone to Hakkassan twice that weekend. . . Lavo is a small venue but they play top 40/hip hop. They had a stretch in the middle where the DJ played some EDM but luckily it wasn't for too long. The crowd is usually pretty diverse but I think it's starting to get a little older like 30+. I will be honest and say, I don't think everyone who comes here will have as good of a time as we did because 1) we got bottle service 2) we were a bachelorette party of 11 crazy girls. . . My promoter, Paul Burboa, hooked it up!!! He made sure our we got a good deal on bottle service! They seated us all the way in the very back by the bar....slightly disappointed but we made the best out of it. The liquor started flowing and so did the good times and lap dances =). Some of the girls were dancing on the platform behind our table and we started mingling with the tables next to ours. . . We were soon approached and asked to relocate to a better table that was right behind the DJ. We had great views from our new table to enjoy the champagne shower contest. We ended up getting moved for a second time to fill an empty table that was right next to the dance floor! We didn't mind all the moving because we kept getting upgraded to better tables. After all that moving, the manager came over to thank us for being his best group that night! . . The security guards were AWESOME! The club was packed so they made a pathway for us to make our way to the new tables. They stopped creepers from getting into our area. Some guy tipped our bouncer $2 to try to get into our bottle service, needless to say he stayed on the outside of the ropes LOL. I mentioned earlier that lap dances were going down and I guess they're not allowed in nightclubs so the bouncers would come over and tap us to stop. When we saw them coming, we already knew and just smiled like we weren't doing anything wrong. At the end of the night, they escorted us out of the club. Oh, I can't forget to mention, they had cute busboys too =)
Lavo Brunch:. Had brunch on the patio at Lavo yesterday.  I must say I enjoyed every bit! Not only was the weather perfect but everything else was also!  We shared our meal at the table, started out with Chopped Louie Salad and Ceasars Salad which were both delicious!  Next we shared a Carne Pizza, Penne Seafood Alfredo, and the 14oz New York Strip.  They were all perfect!  Our server Sal was attentive but not over bearing!  Would love to go back, and I plan on sending guests to dine with you for Brunch for sure!
Not Just a Night Club! - During the Fall and Winter Season "LAVO BRUNCH" takes over 2pm-6pm in the restaurant area downstairs! Don't let the title fool you.  This is a crazy party! Time to Drink! - If You eat here for Dinner you must try the World Famous Meatballs!
My Fiance went to Lavo for girls night and raved how good it was so we went with a big group.  I haven't been there in over a year and the food was great!  Great meatballs and eggplant parm for apps and my bone-in filet was top notch.   Great place to come for dinner then stick around for the club upstairs!
