The sister property of the Venetian, the Palazzo is one of our favorite places to go when we decide to go to the Strip.  Here's why:. . - We enjoy the food & beverage options here.  LAVO, Dos Caminos, and Double Helix are a few of our favorites.. . - Easy access to the self parking garage.  It's located just off Twain Ave, which is off the Strip.  It makes it easy for us locals to get in/out of the property.  We prefer topark here than at the Venetian.  We often park here and walk to the Venetian.. . - FREE Wifi on the casino floor.  Yes, you can connect on the casino floor for FREE!  This is very beneficial when there's a convention or meeting at the property and you need internet access.. . - The rooms here are spectacular and can be found for reasonable rates in this down economy.. . Will I return?  You bet.
BIG fan of this all-suite hotel at the better end of the Las Vegas strip. Let me count the ways:. . The rooms - Since it's also the property of The Venetian Hotel & Casino, the suites are similar in design with 2 queen beds, a sunken den with it's own LCD screen, pull-out sofa bed and wrap around couch, double-door entrance to the restroom with LCD screen TV  above the mirror, 2 sinks and toilet area with its own door & phone. Very spacious suite. I've seen the bigger suites which have a double door entrance, full bar and separate bedroom and living area. Very nice... These rooms are quite updated from the rooms at The Venetian. They use a darker marble and the suite, in general, looks a little more modern and refined. . . The pool - Love the Palazzo pool. Even when staying at the Venetian we find our way to the Palazzo pool. The pool areas of both of these hotels are connected so you can shuttle back and forth. Kids pool, big wading pool, smaller side pools and jacuzzi area. Cafe right at the entrance allows you to order sandwiches and salads to eat nearby. There's a full bar for drinks and there's the Azure pool party if you want to hear music and avoid the craziness at Tao Beach in the summertime. Pool attendants are helpful in securing you a lounge chair and towels.. . Grand Lux Cafe - This place is open 24-7. There's a Grand Lux also in the Venetian but it closes around midnight. So if you've ever been in Vegas and are hungry for a decent meal after the club, it's such a luxury to have a restaurant with the consistency of Grand Lux in your hotel. My daytime meal of choice is the kids meal of hand-battered chicken strips. Always hits the spot. And it's by no means a kids sized portion. Good stuff. There's a take-out counter so it's very convenient for ordering food and drinks.. . The club - Lavo is always a good time. A roman bathhouse themed nightclub. Sound is great, lights are dope and it's a lot smaller than Tao so it's usually not as crazy. DJ Skratchy is our favorite DJ there. He definitely keeps the crowd movin. And if you wanna have a chill drink, Lavo lounge downstairs has an outdoor patio over looking the Strip and directly across from TI and its pirate show. Always a great option.. . Valet parking - Never a long wait. Pickup is underground (with misters to keep you cool) so you're not exposed to the Vegas heat as much in the summertime. There's also an air conditioned waiting room if it gets too hot. . . Always a good time staying here, as a whole... Never disappoints. Thank you Palazzo.
Love the rooms! The extra lounge space is perfect for all your friends! Love the extra vanity table in the bathroom. The check in desk to the room is relatively close, so that is a plus! Also, Palazzo is connected to The Venetian and is in the central main area of the Strip. Will definitely stay here again!
Palazzo apparently is Italian for "building" or "palace. It's much closer to the later. It's the 3rd Italianesque hotel behind Bellagio and Venetian. First of all it's an all suite hotel, so no rooms, just varying degrees of lavishness. I've stayed here 3 times in the 700+ sqf Bella Suite, 1900+ sqf Lago Suite and the 1200+ sqf Siena Suite. Some things that they all have in common is the pretty high thread count sheets, L shaped sofa sleeper, 3 tv's, double doors to bathrooms, marble entryways, in room safe, ottoman, sunk in living room. It's a very cozy and lavish stay no matter what suite you get. I found the walls to be slightly better insulated to sound than many hotels in Vegas. These rooms are great for entertaining people as you pre-party before you go out. For the price you get quite a bit of square footage and I've had 6 guys sleeping in the Siena after a night out. I wish they offered Kings for all beds instead of queens in the Bella. Touch button curtains, fast valet parking. There were a few things I wasn't impressed with. The ease of getting from room to casino floor was a bit longer than I'd like and the elevators don't drop you right in the middle of the action. If you're trying to get more than a few people to meet up with people at another hotel I'd give it a few extra minutes. Regardless of how pretty the decorations are in the lobby take me to the games, the limit's were a bit high for my taste and the restaurants food not as intriguing as more established hotels, but aside from it's lavish amenities there was no one draw to it except it's nightclub Lavo. The pool is very nice, but doesn't quite have the location or orientation of other larger pools on the strip. Back to Lavo, it's a roman bath house themed club. To be honest with you I prefer the smaller venue because places like Tryst and TAO tend to be crowded and DJ's tend to drown the crowd in sound rather than really care about what's making people like it. The downstairs lounge is great to get away from the noise and have some alone time, maybe blast a cig after a few cocktails, full view of other hotels with shows outside like TI. They may not get the huge DJ's that the larger club's use(typically they get paid per person and with a smaller venue they can't command certain prices), but you know for sure you'll have a good time. Maybe this is a dirty little secret that no one wants me to say, but of the major clubs like Tryst, Tao, Body English, Pure, Jet, Krave, The Bank, Studio 54, Blush, LAX, Pure, Revolution, I Bar, Haze, Tabu, Caramel and the like. I've been to most of these and there are only a few that I haven't seen people having sex somewhere in the club, whether it's in the corner, booth, vip, dance floor, etc. Somewhere, someone is getting it. Maybe it's me and I havne't seen it, but Lavo is one of the few that I find more chill even with the "bath house" theme. So in conclusion I give Palazzo a 5 star rating for comfortable, quiet, lavish sleeping arrangements,  fast valet, great club, good location and great service. I'll definitely be staying here again.
Stayed here again this past July. This time we had a bigger party and our rooms had a connecting door. We had a great view of the strip and Treasure Island, every night we can view the show at TI frm our room we all had the best time!. . Again, the service was great for how big the hotel is. Room service was fabulous, they even comped extra food because they forgot some extra  things that went  with my meal. I like how it's on the strip but a little bit further down.
I rarely write reviews but I absolutely had to with my beyond wonderful experience in staying at the Palazzo... if you have any doubt with staying here, i am here to assure you that staying here would be a very wise decision... . To begin, my girlfriend and I landed at 750 in the morning. Check-In time at the hotel is at 3Pm and we had noted that if it was possible, we would like an early check in.  So before leaving the airport, we called the front desk and they advised us that early check in was available.. WOWWWW!! at 8 in the morning.. I'll take it!!! That made a huge difference!!! A huge difference. Both of us are really big on customer service and not once, were we disappointed with any of the staff of the Palazzo. . . Next.... the rooms!!!!! AMAZING!!! Before stepping two feet into the room, we were already more than pleased.. Great marble floor in the doorway. The bathroom was great!!! First off, it had a double door entrance.  There was a separte shower apart from the deep tub that my girlfriend fell in love with! .. And within thebathroom there was a separate door that lead to the toilet area... In all, great design of the bathroom... Not to mention the LCD tv in the bathroom.. I could take a shower or bath and watch ESPN at the same time.. can't beat it!!!. . Then off further into the room we have 2 more large LCD tvs.. one in front of the King size bed and one in the living rooom which happened to be sunken in.. Felt like royalty staying in this hotel..Let me not forget to mention that the room had a printer.. Don't know how important that is to you but it was very convenient... . The hotel is located in the heart of the strip.. When you go to Vegas, its a must that you do it RIGHT!!!! STAY HERE!!!! Though it doesnt have a buffet, you will be more than pleased with the assortment of shops and restaurants within the hotel.... Lovely design of the hotel.. lovely decorations and all!!! From the hotel room we had a perfect view of the many pools and of the strip.... The shades in the room were remote controlled. If you wanted the room completely dark at 9 am, it could be. The shades were GREAT.. . . All in all, I would recomment this place to anyone who goes to Vegas... Nice mixture of crowd.. Not full of yuppies and old people or the extremely unruly.. . . I give the Palazzo 5 stars!!!!!
HUGE!. . I stayed here on my latest trip. I flew in at 10:30 and was able to check into my room after I arrived (yay!). . :: Space ::. Super spacious. I had a venezia 1 king bed suite all to my self. The vast sunken living room went unused beyond me walking around. Plenty of space around the bed for me to strut about, figuring out which outfit to wear. . :: Bathroom ::. Bathroom was huge with dual sinks. Tub, shower stall, and enclosed toilet. There was also a scale for those daring enough to weigh themselves (before and after can make you sad). . :: Decor ::. Its very elegant like Venetian, but more contemporary/modern and less gaudy. As a friend and fellow yelper stated, "its muted".. . . Very spacious for your money's worth. This is where you want to stay with a family or group of friends. . TIP: close your blinds before you head out at night. Your hangover will thank you in the morning.
If you have a special event to celebrate and are planning to do it in Las Vegas, consider staying at the Palazzo!. . For me, it was my 60th birthday and my wife and I had made reservations at the Venetian hotel for a 3-day stay. When we arrived, we requested a room with a view and the clerk suggested upgrading to a room with a view of the Strip for an extra $45 per day. So, what the hell, we did! I'm only going to be 60 once, right? Oh, and the upgraded room happened to be in the Venetian's new boutique hotel within a hotel, called the Palazzo.. . Let me start by saying that the Venetian hotel is absolutely beautiful and the Palazzo hotel was reachable by just a short walk through the Venetian hotel/casino itself.  But, let's face it, the Palazzo is newer and it is "special". Everything about the Palazzo was so tastefully done! From the gorgeous rugs, to the beautiful marble floors and walls, to the lights, everywhere you looked, it was stunning!. . And the suite we rented blew us away. It was huge. I think it was around 720 square feet, according to the spec sheet. A king size bed, beautiful bathroom, a separate living room, and 3 TVs (yep, there was a flat screen TV in the bathroom!). The linen (according to my wife, who knows such things), was exquisite - all I know is they felt good to the touch. . . And the view - wow! We were on the 48th floor overlooking the Strip and it looked great - and different - morning, afternoon and evening. If you wanted to get a great view of Vegas at night, our suite was the place to be. . . The Palazzo is also in a great location. Across the boulevard is Treasure Island and the Wynn is across another street. The Mirage, Harrah's, Ceasar's, all the way down to Bellagio, is not far and can be walked with no problem. Of course, when you add in all the walking you do in every casino, you could end up with blosters before you are done, which is what happened to us - but that is hard to avoid (note to self - next time bring mole skin).. . I read a number of complaints about the beds being too hard at the Palazzo, and my wife and I agree that the beds were very firm, but we both slept comfortably, with no pains, other than our feet.. . I should also say that we were both surprised by how quiet the hotel was. If it weren't for the rare occasion when someone slammed a door, we'd have felt we were the only people in the hotel! And for being on the 48th floor, the elevators were amazingly fast. Even on Friday night, when the hotel started really filling up, the wait for an elevator was very short.. . All in all, we really had a great time at the Palazzo and definitely recommend it for a special occasion visit to Las Vegas.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!  The rooms are awesome, my views from high floors and lowers floors are always stunning.  The rooms are always clean, they don't smell of smoke at all except when you start smoking in the smoking rooms of course.  The regular rooms are so spacious and comfortable even with a regular room, sleeps 4  comfortably with a king bed and pull out sofabed, a room with 2 beds sleeps 6!  They have a tv in the bathroom, one in front of the bed and another in the sitting area. I love the decor and colors used in this hotel.  I can't seem to stay anywhere else when it comes to hotel choice.
The Palazzo is worth the extra price...it's spacious, clean, and well-laid out.  . Check in was very efficient, and when I mentioned wanting to hit the club that night, the person checking me in called concierge to put me on the VIP list...nice touch.  . The room was pimp!  This would be a great suite to entertain before going out: the sitting area is big and comfy.  . My only complaint was when ordering room service.  I stayed on hold for over 15 minutes before calling the front desk and having them order for me.  The food arrived 10 minutes later and was delicious.. . I'll be back!!
Checking In:. I checked in at 2:30am on Saturday morning of the Presidents' Day weekend, but Vegas seemed relatively slow overall since it's still the cold season.  Tried the $20 trick and got offered an upgrade a Luxury Suite with a strip view (from a Luxury Suite without one I think?).  Honestly, I'm not entirely sure we got an upgrade but the Palazzo is such a nice hotel that it really didn't matter.  We were moved to the 38th floor with a view of the strip.  The guy asked me if I wanted change for the tip and I declined.  The skeptic in me wonders if the trick actually worked as I'm not sure what the alternative would have been, but I'll just say that ignorance is bliss because I was totally satisfied with our 38th floor, strip view room.. . The Room:. I don't know how much say that would help anymore than has been said already.  Check the website for the room tours.  I will say that we comfortably slept four people in our room with one king.  For non-sleeping purposes, we hosted a 15 person pre-party before the club and everyone was comfortable.  Our room did not have anywhere to hook up an iPod or mp3 player.  Apparently some have them, ours didn't and that was a minor disappointment as it seems like that's a fairly basic amenity these days, but not a big deal.. . The Casino:. I honestly didn't gamble much here but early morning (4am on Saturday) three of us talked an open craps table to lower the minimum for a few new players and the staff was exceedingly nice in helping us learn how to bet in order to get the best odds.  No beginner's luck for me unfortunately but it was still very nice (and profitable) of them to lower the minimum bets and teach us how to play.. . The Environmentalism:. The hotel is LEED Silver Certified which means a lot to me as a LEED AP.  Basically this means that the hotel has gone above and beyond in construction and operation in terms of material, water, and energy efficiency.  I honestly didn't notice anything groundbreaking in my room outside of the master off switch at the door, but I suppose that makes it all the more impressive that the accommodations are just as luxurious while being environmentally responsible.  . . The Verdict:. I'm sold.  The basic suite seems like overkill for just one or two people unless you are planning on entertaining a group.  But if I am bringing 4-6 people or hosting a pre-party, the Palazzo is going to be my new go-to hotel in Vegas.
I have only been to Vegas three times...first time I stayed at the Stratosphere, second at Venetian, and third at the Palazzo.  Needless to say, the Palazzo is my favorite.   Stayed in a standard Bella Suite.  Palazzo is a swankier, sexier, and younger sister of the Venetian, Palazzo boasts huge rooms, beautiful bathrooms, and excellent accomodations.   The rooms are everything you would expect of las vegas.  The hotel is connected to the Venetian, about a 5 minutes walk.  The casinos here are a little more expensive, $25 mininum per hand for Pai Gow. :(  A little too much for the little gambler in me.  . . I always try to stay at different hotels when traveling, but I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.
This is home.  This is the place where I go when I need to just be alone, enjoy some peace and quiet, a comfortable bed, a big tub, a great spa, all my favorite slots, good restaurants and good customer service.  Spacious rooms like the Venetian, but with a quieter atmosphere.  I can register no complaint with the Palazzo, as they have treated me well consistently and given me many nights of happiness and freedom.
Still love this hotel. Its not as busy as the Venetian, and much easier to get to your rooms. It was a last minute trip last weekend and most of the nice hotels were either sold out or over $200 a night. I double checked my e-mails for my Grazie e-mail and got a room for $160. . . You can get on the Hotel Guest List for LAVO which for us got us in for free, and the wife got a free drink til 11pm wrist band.. . Beware of the parking lot because i could not for the life of me figure out how to get on the lower level of the parking structure if you enter through the las vegas blvd. I recommend entering through the spring mtn road/sand ave. entrance and there's plenty of parking down on level 2 and 3.
Pretty classy place, The Palazzo. You get all of the great amenities that you would get if you were to stay at The Venetian or Bellagio, but for a better price and with a less-crowded environment.  . . The rooms themselves are absolutely lovely. The views are gorgeous. The staff is great. The location is ideal. Perfect.
I stayed at The Palazzo for my birthday and loved every aspect of it. . . They upgraded my room to a top floor suite without me even mentioning my birthday, I wasn't expecting any type of upgrade and was really impressed with how proactive they were with their service. The view from my suite was incredible, the entire Strip is there for the taking. . . The suites here are excellent, definitely a step up from the Venetian. The bed in my suite was insanely comfortable, if it wasn't in Vegas you would never want to leave it. The sunken living room is a great place to pre-party before you hit the strip, and you can always crash on the wrap around couch if you have too much to drink. . . The Palazzo is easily one of the best hotels on the Strip.
Ah, The Palazzo. Stayed here four times in 2010 and every time was great. I had one slight complaint once at the Venetian in 2009 and since then Palazzo/Venetian have been very good to me and I can rarely beat the great room rates I get as a  Grazie member.. . The rooms are definitely the biggest you can find in Vegas for the price. If you're going with friends you can even request two queen beds (if you're lucky at no extra charge) and the rooms have a pullout couch in the living area -- that's six people you can fit in a room! Showers and bathroom are great. The rooms also feel new and fresh, unlike some of the older luxury resorts.. . Staff is friendly and the casino grounds and facilities are all kept very clean. Really hard to beat.. . Downsides:. Resort fees -- however, if you go to the gym and use the wifi it pays for itself. . Location - it's a little North of the strip casinos and it's a bit of a walk down to CityCenter, (I'd say a little under 2 mi). If you don't mind walking or taking a cab it's not a big deal at all.
Booked another hotel room here since the first time I stayed here, I was really satisfied. I originally didn't book a room with a view so after I checked in and got to my room. They had given us one with a view! We were facing directly at Treasure Island's pirate show which was really cool. . . The room was clean and the housekeepers did a good job changing the seats and everything. I love the fact that this connect to the Venetian so I'm close to couple great restaurants like Bouchon, Grand Lux, and etc. It is pretty centralized (at least around the nicer hotels/casinos).
Stayed here 2 nights with four other guys for a bachelor's party. The suite had 2 double beds (w/ posturepedic bed, comforters, soft pillows) and a L shaped couch with pull out bed. 3 flat screen TVs in the suite: 1 for the 2 double beds, 1 for the couch, and 1 in the room-sized bathroom with full bath and shower. Very nice interior design. The location is great too, across the street from Wynn, Treasure Island, and the Fashion Mall which are all connected by sky bridges. On the 3rd floor is their Canyon Spa Resort which has full features including hot tub, steam rooms, saunas, massages, etc. Many high end restaurants in the hotel.
Everytime i come to vegas I stay here basically, can be pricey but the its well worth it, the hotel offers so much to you during your stay. the rooms are beatiful the bathroom is huge the decor is classy. If you get the right room you can watch the TI pirate show from your room, I mean everywhere you look its so beautiful if you have the money stay here.
Being that I somehow got to a comp'ed room status with this place (not exactly sure how that happened!  Economy?) I'm basically theirs for life.  . . I first started staying here because of my ex, who'd bring me along for conferences and such.  I'd tan and shoot dice and pump slots while he did his thing.  Apparently players club cards are truly worth the 5 minutes!!  I hit a couple of good wins and I've been getting great deals here ever since - sometimes free!. . The rooms (suites) are enormous and lush.  Rock star.  Big enough for a small party before you hit the town.  Big enough to live in for days on end... which I've done.  In this price bracket, Palazzo makes perfect sense.  It's hard to justify anything else with the exception of the Encore, perhaps.. . The restaurant selection is killer.  There are about 7 pools which are shared with the Venetian hotel.  There's an easy bridge to the Wynn.  The club (LAVO) isn't bad.  Tons of shopping and sites, of course.  I think it's overly perfumed - only gripe.  Returning soon!
These rooms are just huge.  We booked a regular suite through priceline for $100, when we checked in they upgraded us to an even larger suite because we had an amex card.  That room was so amazing.  It was bigger than some of the places I've lived in.  The living room was huge (seemed like a lot of extra space though), we could have put 50 people in there comfortably.  The view from the room was incredible as well...I will definitely be back.
We got a great deal for our grand room!  Was able to check in super early!  Great service!!!!. . I think after you stay here you won't want to stay anywhere else.  It's spacious, clean, and beautiful.  Everything we needed was here for our "adult" trip.  We got to go to TAO and watched Phantom, both at the Venetian.  It was such a plus!!!  . . We stayed at a smoking room and the room did not even have a smokey smell.  Just the hallway. We were the party room!
This was our second time staying here. We originally planned to to stay at the Venitian but we were upgraded to a suite at Palazzo, on the 43rd floor and facing the strip. The wife and I are definitely in love with this hotel. I don't see what some of the complaints are of this place. Our wi-fi was free, fast and easy to get on. The rooms are large and a great deal for the price. It's always great to be in the center of the strip too, it's easy to get to almost anywhere. As long as it's on the strip. The restaurants, bars & clubs are all great in this hotel. I don't swim and I hate going to the pool, but since my wife really wanted to go and didn't want to go alone, I decided to grab my ipad to read by the pool. Even though I'm not a fan of pools in general, I am a fan of this one. In the middle of the day, seats are hard to find but they have numerous pools to choose from. The staff all through out this place is very pleasant and helpful.. . This place is just straight up classy in all ways...and we love it. The casino's aren't filled with neon lights. There isn't anything that tries to attract customers (i.e. Volcano, Pirate Show, Giant Fountain, etc.), there's not even a buffet, it's just a great place to be.
sooooooooooo PRETTY!!!!!!. . It's my first time here and I was amazed by the remote-controled blinds!!. You can also checkout using the TV!. . This place was extremely closed to TAO and we didn't have to walk too far after clubbing. Since the walk was really short, we weren't as embarrassed about walking barefoot in the casino...
Love this place... Rooms are nice and the casino doesn't smell like cigarettes. Close to clubs and eateries (but don't go to Dal TOro).. . rooms: clean and the suites are spacious. I'm always happy when I stay here. Beds are fine and everything is clean.. . Casino: can't smell cigarettes most of the time... WIN!. . Gym: awesome gym! If I stay there again (prob will)... I'm sooooo hitting the gym. It has everything and I'm in love. I love this gym (I'm a workout freak) and I would stay here if I could. You need to check out this gym.. . Service: good service. Friendly.
Rooms are Suite. . Yes, I'm aware I spelled that wrong.  So, I showed up to Vegas last minute with 2 friends, got a room for $275 after resort fees & taxes.  Room was amazing.  Huge space, couches, 2 flat screens, 2 queens, massive bathroom, & a view of the golf course.  It was great.  . . Also, no reason to leave the Hotel cause you're got Grand Lux Cafe (amazing) & Tao Beach.  . . I've stayed at many Casino's & totally recommend the Palazzo/Venetian.
Palazzo is my all time favorite hotel to stay. Best customer service, hands down to quality and their wonderful Grand Luxe restaurant below. Its so awesome that their location is located to every HOTTEST club their is and Fashion mall right across the street within walking distance.
A bunch of our friends were booked to stay at The Palazzo, so we booked a room there too. We arrived and found out that we had a suite. We didn't know all of the rooms are suites! Awesome!. . The suite was awesome, so nice, so spacious. My wife and I agreed that it was the best hotel room we've ever stayed in.. . We will return if we can get a great deal.....because the regular rates are pricey.
I love staying here.. this place is BE-AU-TI-FUL!!. . The rooms are modern, clean, and Oh-So-Spacious SUITES!!  I think the SUITES are over 700 sq ft of space vs your standard 450 sq hotel room.. . The staff is always super friendly and the Casino is always pretty and clean (minus smoke.. cause it's Vegas). . And because of the space we are able to fit 4-6 ladies (or more) comfortable.. it's awesome!
One of my favorite casinos anywhere. Modern design, but not uptight. Great mix of people from young to old. Plenty of food options and blackjack dealt from a shoe. . . It's never too crowded and there aren't nearly as many families as Venetian, but since it's connected there's easy access to the restaurants, etc. . . First Food and Bar is a hidden gem. Good food and drink at normal strip casino prices. Nothing amazing, but everything I've had is nice.
We stayed here on our recent trip to Vegas. We booked early in April and I'm glad I did. I price compared a week before our stay and the difference was about $200. We booked a 720 foot suite and I gotta say it was worth every dollar. . . More than plenty of room for two people. The room's bed is just incredible. We had a flat screen in the bedroom area and in the bathroom. The bathroom is large. It came with a stand up shower area with all glass doors. There was also a large tub. His and hers sink areas. There was a separate area inside the bathroom for her to sit on a nice stool and do her makeup. Lot's of mirrors for her. The actual toilet was in a separate room all together.. . There was a good sized lounge area with large couches and a grand view of the Wynn hotel and a neighboring golf course. The view was stunning. Every detail in the room is just awesome. We utilized the bell desk service and valet quite a bit during our stay. Just an awesome place to stay.
Had a pretty good experience.. . We stayed at Aria for two nights and then decided to stay another night in Vegas, so we booked Palazzo (since our stay at Aria was very mediocre). The room was -much- larger than our room at Aria (at least 600 square feet...and I'm pretty sure that was just their basic room). Room had three TVs (one in the living area, one in the bedroom area, one in the bathroom). Room had a huge bathroom and the furniture was all very nice - not overdone, just really perfect - what I'd expect from a five-star hotel.. . Not much else to say on the room itself since we were only there for one night - everything worked as expected.. . I ordered room service for dessert about midnight. Was initially told it'd be about 40 minutes, but they got there in about 15 minutes and were very friendly.. . Called in the morning to ask about late check-out and was told they could extend it an hour for free. We ended up checking out at the usual time anyway, but it was nice that they extended it for us.. . Overall a good stay - we weren't there very long, but the service we did request was all friendly and prompt.
This is the only place is will stay in Vegas ever. I loved it so much, their customer service was fantastic, the rooms were beautiful and clean. You get the most luxury for the best price.
A few reasons I enjoy staying here:. . 1. There are many excellent food and restaurant options between here and The Venetian. Grand Lux is arguably the best 24 hour Casino dining option on the Strip.. . 2. The parking is close to the rooms (I'm a lazy bastard).. . 3. The dealers and pit bosses are very friendly. . . 4. The casino is lively without being horribly crowded. . . 5. The Shoppes at The Palazzo have a Barney's AND a Louboutin boutique - squee!. . 6. I prefer the North End of the Strip and enjoy being in close proximity to Fashion Show and Wynn/Encore.. . 7. This is totally crazy, but I also love the carpeting in the hallways by the guest rooms.
I had a good experience with this hotel, due to the fact that our room was not ready when we arrived, and had come from . southern california, our host gave me an upgrade, and $75 room credit to any restaurant in the hotel. The room was stylish and everything was neat and tidy. Yayy to Palazzo I will be coming back.
I loved the huge bed room and view of golf course right behind winn hotel. It is gorgeous relaxed place. I recommend to stay weekday to get best price.
I have always been a fan of the Wynn..... and hated that the Palazzo was so great.  Lol, it is a wonderful hotel.  I stayed here awhile back and had the best time.. . The Room:  The room was Las Vegas Luxury in all its grandeur.  It was very room and stylishly decorated.  The bed was wonderfully comfortable and hard to get out of.  It is a dangerous trap, sleep on the floor otherwise you will never leave the room.  The sunken living room was a nice touch. This is where they have the Wynn beat.  I didn't want to like it, but I was forced.  We had a view of the shared pool with the Venetian.. . Grand Lux: Yum! Just what you need after a long night of drinking.  They had a buffalo chicken wrap that was very appetizing.  It was like The Cheesecake Factory, I Believe its owned by the same company.. . Concierge:  loved them.  I stayed at MGM before and their concierge had NO hookups.  Not here.  This guy got us in Tao VIP, great restaurant reservations and any show we wanted to see.  . . Pool: it was hot as hell, I was melting like the wicked witch. But the waitress was wonderful..... never had a problem ordering another drink.. . Great hotel, nice place to add to your Vegas hotel tour.
I love this place because, unlike it's less desirable, older-fat-sister of a counterpart I don't have to go through 3 elevators, 5 hallways, & 2 bridges (?) just to get to my room.
Me and my boys came here for the July 8th weekend for my post 4th of July bday celebration, and I must say after about an 9 hr drive from the bay area it was well worth it. The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel resort to stay at. This was my first time planning anything like this and it didn't disappoint. The people at the front desk were very nice and polite to me as I was checking in. . . It took a while to get our 2 bed Bella suite bc they were still getting it prepared for us after about about an hour of waiting we finally got to the room and the suite was everything I imagined and more. A great view, plenty of room for ppl to roam around and a nice bathroom with walk in shower and tub. . . The maids were pretty cool aswell. we lost our "Do Not Disturb" tag for the room and I felt kinda bad bc we F*#%'d up the room with in the first night with hella booze bottles laying around  and one of the mattresses was off the bed and was in the walk way and thats bc I had company that night and put it in the bathroom, so I knew when they came to our room they were prob like "WTF?" lol and we knew they were there bc there were new towels and a water in the little condiment spot by the flat TV. The sunken living room was pretty nice as well. There were 3 TVs total (bed, sunken living room, and bathroom) and that was pretty impressing. . . The pool area was pretty nice I kinda felt like I was in Europe bc of the scenery and the Euros that were out swimming too. The Casino was crackin went down to play some blackjack in my bathrobe with my Alan "Hangover Shirt' underneath and some gym shorts. I was up about $50 then I lost it (Don't ever gamble while u are drink) lol. . . But we were there for 4 nights and it was a little over a $1,000 so it was pretty reasonable. I been planing this Vegas trip for about a year and it was a success in all aspects. I highly recommend that u stay here. Its right on the STRIP for cryin out loud haha....
Really enjoyed our stay here.  We've stayed at many other hotels in the area.  Walked up and down the strip and found the location very convenient.  Ate at First Food and Bar and just loved it.  . . The pool was overcrowded, so we passed on that.  Room was exceptional, liked it better than the Wynn!  . . Now I know I should join the players club since I lost some money here.  The $15 min is insane!  I don't like that with Roulette.. . Anyways, good times.
love love love this place! I love the bed, the living room area, the bathroom!, the casino, EVERYTHING! The bed was very very comfortable and our room overlooked part of the strip and the swimming pool area so during the day time it was really pretty because of the pool and during the night t was also really pretty with all the pretty lights! The pool and the hotel connects to the bellagio so it's really convenient to walk to the strip in the cool air conditioned shopping center.I would definitely love to come here again :)
We came to Las Vegas to get married and had originally booked The Venetian.  We were asked if we wanted an upgrade to The Palazzo and ended up with a beautiful room on the 49th floor with a view of The Strip.. . Wonderful room, very nice restaurants, great pools, outstanding service.. . We noticed walking around The Venetian that the clientele seemed much younger and more party-oriented, we were glad to have moved to the sister property.  Both properties are included, so there were plenty of places to eat, shop, and plenty of pools available.. . We couldn't have been more pleased and were so happy to have upgraded.. . If you enjoy card games, but don't necessarily enjoy sitting at the tables, I'd recommend the mobile gaming here.  $5 minimum and I walked away with a couple hundred dollars from mobile Blackjack.. . The only downside.  Being this far down the strip you will have to do a LOT of walking to get anywhere.  Even the nearest monorail stop at Harrah's is a hike, and after a long day and night of being out, it'd be nice to not have to undertake such a trek to get back to your room.
What can you say? There is a reason this hotel has 4 stars.  The attention to detail is unparalleled on the strip.  Rooms sizes a re massive, massive, massive.  You won't be dissapointed!
Very much alike to the Venetian since they are sistas. Rooms are super spacious. Two beds and sofa with pull out bed, with very comfy blankets! I love the room. 1 shower, 1 tub: only con- water comes out so slow.... I just wanted the tub to fill up with hot water so I can soak myself in there!!! By the time it filled up, the water got cold. -___- Other than that, the bathroom is super lovely.. . The poolside gets packed by 9am! There's the regular palazzo pool & then there's Azure. Youcan also walk over to the Venetian since both hotels are connected together and hop on over to the Venetian pool or TAO Beach! . . Easy access to the self parking garage from the casino. Casino is freaking grazieeee! Contains LAVO, Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Canyon Ranch Spa&Gym. TAO nightclub, Grand Lux cafe, I love burgers.. . Self check out from your room thru TV. Better then waiting in line! Awwwwesum.
Another reason my 30th birthday was so amazing- fabulous accommodations! . The service was wonderful and accommodating. We had two rooms and checked in at the same time. My friend noted that it was my birthday and the front desk agent immediately said, "we've upgraded you to a room with a view, both rooms on the same floor"... it was touching. Then as we walked away my husband saw the two agents fist bump as if acknowledging a job well done, such team work! . The rooms are great, for a wonderful deal of $109 we stayed in a king suite with a view of Treasure Island and the pools at the Palazzo. It was really nice. . The rooms are authentic and Italian inspired with lots of marble and velvet. . With over 30 floors and several different wings you are bound to get lost but don't fret, there are restaurants, clubs, and shops lurking about everywhere. . Should you get hungry after a late night of clubbing and gambling? No problem. Order ANYTHING off of their menu and they will bring it to you in a matter of minutes. The room service is off the charts (for a small $4 fee). . You really don't even need to leave the hotel - we did- but we always found ourselves coming back for food, drink and entertainment. . We ate at Solaro out by the pool, had dinner at Sushi Samba and breakfast at Grand Lux- all of which were tasty options. I did find Grand Lux to be a bit on the greasy side but it's breakfast and we were all hung over so it worked out.
All their rooms are suites.  Not only are they suites, but their sofas are also convert into beds. (The Venetian sofa's do not). . Accomodations are luxurious and nice. The bathrooms have tvs that you can watch the news or jersey shore while you shower.. . The hotel itself is nicely built.. . I would definitely recommend this place.
Love The Palazzo! Terrific hotel. The suites are luxurious, beautiful and quite pretty. THE BATHROOMS HAVE TV'S! . To get from the check in area to the elevators and then to the rooms, you take a short stroll through the casino, which is pretty awesome and the service is wonderful! Also, the shoppes at the Palazzo are cool, get your shop on! . . Highly recommend this place!!!
We stayed between 8/9/11-8/12/11 on the 18th floor.  Awesome hotel, we would come back to Palazzo and stay there from now.  Most hotels in Vegas are nice and dandy.  I'm not gonna say much about that.  The self parking was easy and getting to the check-in desk and hotel area were easy as well.  We checked in at about 2:55 pm, we knew it was a bit early.  But, no problem from the front desk.  They were professional, quick and organized.  They got the system down, they know how to run a hotel.  . . From the front desk to the elevator was simple.  The elevator area was not hard to get to, not like some other hotels you need a map to navigate yourself around the hotel.  Hint:  Aria, it was confusing and hard to get around.  Once getting to the suite, the suite was nice and big, very comfortable.  The locale of the Palazzo is nice also, you have Walgreens downstair, a mall (the Fashion Show), TI, and the Wynn across the Strip.  . . Palazzo has four pools for you to cool down, at least three were family friendly pools.  You also have access to the Venetian pools.  I wish they would provide umbrellas in the pool area. . . Dine-in Suite service was excellent.  Food showed up in about 15 minutes, we ordered the chicken wings, pasta with shrimps, and clam chowder were very good.  The price was OK, consider it room service in Vegas.  I would order their food in the future.  . . There were no Turn Down service in the evening which we like a lot.  I don't need anyone come and knock our door if I want chocolate for the night, etc.. . The bathroom was large and comfortable.  The toilet was in a separate room.  They provided plenty towels for you to use.  There were three TV's, one in the sunken living room, one in front of the bed, and one in the bathroom.. . Checking out was simple.  Again, they were friendly and professional.  They made you feel comfortable, would return to Palazzo.
The hotel is amazing!  I love staying here.  Rooms are big and comfy and the pool is great.  Location is right in the middle of the strip and adjacent to The Venetian.  Great restaurants, great shows, great gambling!  If you stay here, try to check out their spa; it's $20 for a day pass for hotel guests; a good place to relax before the nighttime activities!
Kinda hate to write this review because prior to this, the number of reviews for The Palazzo was 777. I only spent time in the sports book, but the Palazzo impressed me from the get go.. . The Palazzo is a upscale, professionally run establishment. Everyone here does their job with an amazing degree of pride. The cocktail waitresses, the taxi line staff, the servers, all made the experience for me here.
Amazing. Would stay here again. Lagpacan clan were equipped with a dj in our room. It was a party. huge beds, bathroom, tv's all over the place, livingroom. Great for a party of 8 :) Oh the handle on our shower broke, get it fixed before you check out. ha! The hotel itself is worth the $$$$$
This is probably the best hotel you can find in Vegas. It's decently priced, well-decorated and furnished, and clean.. . I love the living room and the separate toilet. The rest of the hotel is nice . as well. Every time I come to Vegas I stay at the Palazzo.. . It's a great place!
When i'm involved with planning the trip, i only stay at the Venetian or the Palazzo. Palazzo has better parking(imo) once you get to know their crazy setup. I'm also not saying the parking at the Venetian is bad....its just like saying you can park 10 feet closer to the door.....its not a HUGE deal but every little bit helps when you have to lug around peoples luggage. I'm sure all of the other reviews have covered everything about their awesome service, how accomodating they are, how seamless the entire experience is so I'm not gonna bother adding to it. . . My only complaint, they dont have a nice big jacuzzi tub to soak in when youre losing your ass in the casino and want to call it a night an relax. haha
excellent service and amazing rooms! the palazzo is my favorite place to stay in vegas!
scored a decent price on priceline. $20 sandwich worked at the front desk; was upgraded to strip view at no charge. Modern, luxurious in-suite amenities (makeup desk/stool/mirror). Overall great experience
The Palazzo is the younger sister of The Venetian and it is the best 5 star hotel I've stayed at. I stayed here for 2 weekday nights in their King Suite (720 sq ft) which is their standard room and I was highly impressed by the overall hotel and room decor.  Very spacious and extravagant. The suite was so big, I did not get to utilize the sunken living room. . . Their pool was decent. I loved the area where they placed lounge chairs in the pool, where you can relax & get a nice tan without being baked by the sun.  I went during the summer months and one of the pool attendants gave everyone an ice-cold towel to cool down which is spectacular!. . As with all of the resorts on the strip, they charge a daily resort fee of $25 to use their internet access and fitness center.. . Great price, $129/night plus 2 tickets to Phantom. No complaints other than the shower head.  Let's just say it was not gentle at all.
I ended up staying at the Palazzo completely by random, using Expedia's option where you can select a "5 Star hotel," general strip location, and it reveals the hotel name once it's paid for. . . This method felt like a gamble, but hey, this IS Vegas! . . As it turns out, I saved about $50 a night vs. booking it "known" through the same travel site. And either way, I was more than satisfied with The Palazzo. . . I've spent a fair bit of time in Vegas, having worked there for a while. I've tried many of the higher end hotels (and some dogs), but after this stay, I will definitely repeat. . . My room had a great view, overlooking the pool, the strip, and TI. . . The suite was plenty spacious -- the sunken living room a nice touch. . . High end accompaniments, including the office space with all-in-one printer were welcomed. . . 3 TV's in the room, including one facing the large soaker tub, keep you well entertained during any Vegas "down time." . . Overall, everything felt new, clean, and elegantly designed. . . Loved the pool area as well -- multiple pools, including topless. Sigh.
Love this hotel! It is beautiful and service is awesome. From bell hops to room service, everyone treats you like royalty. You pay for it, but it is well worth it to stay at the Palazzo. They have a nice pool that didn't seem to get too crowded, even on a Saturday and the Grand Lux Cafe is affordable, open late and very yummy.
B . E . A . U . T . I . F . U . L . . By far, my favorite experience staying here in Las Vegas. Phenomenal luxury & amenities. Generous suites & comparable price point.
If you have a chance to upgrade to their Prestige Floors, then do it!  Yeah sure you pay a little extra, but my hubby and I loved it!  It was nice to feel spoiled!  With the Prestige you can enjoy perks such as:. .  . -Private champagne check in (located at Prestige level only) from 10am to 9pm. -Access to the Canyon Ranch SpaClub fitness center. -Deluxe continental breakfast 7am to 10am. -Afternoon teas and coffees 10am to 4pm. -Hot and cold hors d'oeuvres 5pm to 7pm. -Complimentary cocktail reception 5pm to 8pm. -Personal Concierge assistance. -Business center with copying, printing, and Internet availability. -Wi-Fi access. -Plasma screen televisions throughout the Prestige Lounge. -Daily newspaper delivery. -DVD library. -Free local and 1-800 calls. -Packing and unpacking service. -Nightly turn down service. . My hubby and I loved the fact that we had our own private front desk area on the 23rd floor and did not have to go down stairs and wait in line to make changes in our reservation or to check out.  It was really nice and convenient.  We also loved the fact that we got endless cocktails which we could enjoy at the Prestige Lounge on the 23rd floor or we could take them down to our suite to enjoy.  Breakfasts were pretty decent and the cocktail reception always had different items on their menu daily.  We particularly loved relaxing at the lounge andsitting in the chairs by the windows which overlooked the Vegas Strip. Bathrooms at the Prestige Lounge were very clean and offered patrons mini bottles of Scope mouth rinse, I guess so you can get rid of the alcohol on your breath.  LOL!. . As for our room, we stayed in their Siena Suite (24-705).  We absolutely loved it.  It was 1200-1300 sq ft in size and had two bathrooms and a separate living room and bedroom. It was well kept and clean. I loved the openness of the suite and the view of the mountains and Wynn Pools.  My hubby and I love the Siena suites!!!!
to the many trips ive taken to vegas, i think ive consistently stayed at this hotel the most.  though circus circus is a close second which is the best place when youre a little kid trying to win stuffed animals on the midway.. heres a few reasons i like palazzo:. . -the location is prime, youre close enough to other spots in vegas. -there are fantastic restaurants within the place, like delmonico.. -rooms are spacious and can fit a big party.. -parking is fairly easy
Best hotel in Vegas, hands down. Everything is on point from the architecture, rooms, customer service, easy access to transportation, staff, restaurants (Delmonico Steakhouse = NOM NOM NOM, Aquaknox - try their seafood salad - soooooooo good, Lavo, etc.), clubs (Tao/Lavo), etc. I mean there's absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel. Everything is done really well. Also, a shortened version (95 minutes) of Phantom of the Opera (called Phantom: The Las Vegas Spectacular) is right next door at their sister hotel, The Venetian. Go see it. The theater is incredible. It was specifically built for this production. Bravo, Palazzo... Bravo.
This is by far the nicest hotel that I have ever stayed in- its absolutely beautiful!  Our room was HUGE- it had a section for our sleeping area and another room the same size for lounging that had couches, a desk and another Tv.  The bed is so incredibly comfortable- I slept so great the entire trip.  I would absolutely stay here again and would totally recommend it.  . . The pool area is beautiful and there are lots of different pools to lay at to choose from and there was always seating even on the busiest days.  The only slight drawback is that the restaurants are all over the place and not conveniently located most of the time.  We got tired of constantly having to walk thru the mall over to the Venetian to eat.
Easily the nicest hotel I've stayed at. I highly recommend it . Got it for $120 per night on price line for the labor day weekend. It turned out to be their smallest room..the Bella suite. Trust me..this is by no means small.  It had a sunken living room, remote controlled window blinds, 3 lcd Tvs, excellent bed, fantastic bath, shower. The only minor complaint was a non-working tanita body scale.  Darn, I was so looking forward to measuring my body fat.  . . The check-in process was quick and efficient. Note that they charge a resort fee which is about 20 bucks a night I think. It however pays for the wifi so it's not so bad.  The staff weren't snooty and pretentious. There is lots of underground free parking but you may have to hunt for that elusive spot at peak times.. . Lots of shops and restaurants in the hotel of which the grand lux cafe is outstanding. The Hotel is attached to the Venetian and provides easy access to the canal shoppes , blueman group , phantom of the opera.. . The casino is nice with the usual tables and slots. They didn't have a poker room though. The Venetian poker room is only a short walk away.. . You cannot go wrong with this hotel.
This hotel is seriously nice!  To start, the rooms are amazing and ooze luxury!  The Palazzo thought of everything.  The bathroom is grand, spacious and very clean.  I am still dreaming of that bathroom... and I'm not convinced I shouldn't have the exact same bathroom in my home.  The little amenities box was awesome.  It had everything one could need on an over night stay.  The bed was seriously comfortable!  Big and the perfect balance of not too soft and not too hard.  To room was big and had a great view, albeit, not of the Strip.  The casino downstairs and adjoining mall/stores are beautiful.  It is a very clean, pretty and comfortable hotel and I highly recommend it!!!
I've heard this is the BIGGEST hotel in the world. If they're counting the Venetian and all the shops connected, I think they might be telling the truth. The rooms are all suites, so they are also large. As described in other reviews, the rooms have both a sleeping area and a sunken living room area, in addition to the large bathroom with vanity and bench pair and separate toilet area. The room would be great for lounging with a few friends or a lover. Since I was by my lonesome (work thing) I personally enjoyed watching the Treasure Island show across the street with fireworks. The bed was amazing, apparently a Sealy from the card left on the nightstand. . . There are two gyms that are free to guests - the larger with a climbing wall! I'm grateful that I got to partake the special Prestige lounge area with amenities including a conference room, free wifi, and private check-in. Also included are special food and beverage times (free breakfast, cocktail hour, hour dourves). There was no champagne check in as advertised... but that could also be a consequence of the work thing. I look forward to going again and highly recommend to anyone who can afford it.
I am very impressed with the hotel rooms here. They are not kidding when they say they have the largest standard suites on the strip. Rooms are very comfortable and well decorated.  Having three TVs in the bedroom is a definite plus. We live soendibg time in the room wearing our complementary robs!  We will definitely be returning
I'm pretty sure the suites at Palazzo are the nicest entry-level rooms in Las Vegas. There might be some awesome suites that I don't even know about that you get hooked up with if you're big ballin'... But I'm not quite at that level yet. For my money, a double (really, a triple, with the pull-out couch in the sunken living room) at the Palazzo is the best home base for twenty-somethings trying to party.. . I've stayed here twice; both have been without a hitch. The most recent was Labor Day Weekend 2011. Showed up at 10 AM on Saturday and asked for our room, fully expecting to be told to come back in five hours. Au contraire, bonjour! A room was ready, albeit a smoking one. I was a little concerned, but I took it. Turns out I didn't have much to worry about... Yes, you could tell that people had smoked in there before, but I acclimated incredibly quickly and it never bothered me again.. . Service was great: Whether it was an iPod hookup or just some fresh towels, they responded impressively quickly for a holiday weekend. I don't have too much to say about the property aside from the room... I really like that they have underground self parking... The Grand Lux makes for some solid hungover eating, and I like Lavo much more as a restaurant than a club.. . BOTTOM LINE: Best bang-for-your-buck rooms in Vegas. The hotel is quieter than others, but it's in a great location, and you can have a top-notch pregame in the suites. Highly recommended.
stayed here over the weekend and loved it.  we had vip check in which was quick and the lady was super duper friendly.  they had snacks and complimentary cocktails or anything you wanted.  Its nice cuz you can come to the lounge anytime you want and get snacks and drinks if your vip.  room beautiful!   loved it.  fabulous strip view.  house cleaning knew when to come and when we were out of our room, they did an excellent job of cleaning up and turn down service was nice.  really love this place.  its connected to the Venetian and the shopping is off the hook!!!!!
So I have used Hotwire with some success.  I scored when I picked a five star room on the north end of the strip and got the Palazzo.  The Palazzo was the nicest place I have ever stayed.  Amazing!  If you don't know already, every room in the Palazzo is a suite.  The smallest room is 720 square feet.  Awesome!  The basic suite is huge with a sunken living room, sectional couch, and three tv's, inlcuding one in the bathroom.  The bathroom is also huge.  We could not have been any happier with our stay.  Everything is beautiful!  They were very accomodating and even gave friends of ours a connecting room.  Our strip view was great.  The Palazzo is directly across the street from Treasure Island so there is a decent free show directly across the street.
I've been out to the Venetian & the Palazzo several times in the last couple of years but have never taken the time to write a review. After my fourth trip to either the Palazzo or the Venetian (their rooms are exactly the same, but the Palazzo is a few years newer) I just had to sit down and share my consistently outstanding experiences here.. . There are often long lines to check in (when you have 7100 rooms, there are a lot of people in and out) but, they move quickly and the front desk staff is friendly, efficient and knowledgeable. They give good directions to the guest elevators (in such a HUGE complex, it is very easy to get lost) so you can find your room. Keep your key envelope with you so you can remember your room numbers ... you might end up with something like 41-836! No "room 103" at this hotel!. . The suites are gorgeous, a large bedroom area and a sunken living room with (hopefully for you) a great view of the Wynn golf course, or the extensive pool areas, or if you're really lucky -- overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and a view of the Treasure Island pirate show and the Mirage Volcano show across the street. The bathrooms are HUUUUGE with a separate shower, bathtub, two sinks and a separate/private room for the toilet. I love the makeup stand with mirrors so you can sit and put on your makeup for the day.. . I've been very impressed every time I see housekeeping staff on the floor, they always inquire about my suite and if I'm having a good stay. The elevators are typically quick, and they do have express elevator banks for low, mid-tower and high floors so you're not stopping on every floor along the way.. . Be careful of the mini-bar, it's pressure sensitive and if you take out a snack, it will be put on your bill immediately. The only down side is that they allow smoking in the casino. Maybe some day there will be non-smoking casinos ... one can only hope.. . I've been to the Venetian and Palazzo for several different reasons: two conventions, one business trip and one personal trip. Every experience was outstanding. I could not have asked for anything more. Our conventions (with 7000+ attendees) were executed flawlessly. The banquet staffs greeted us by name as we were going through buffet lines (yes, we were wearing conference badges ... but they NOTICED and USED our names!). . They do have an extensive pool area, the Canyon Ranch Spa and a huge fitness center, none of which I have had time to use while I've been there. I usually go for a run out on Las Vegas Blvd. in the mornings before it gets busy instead of paying the $17+ "resort fee" which includes access to the fitness center and wi-fi in the room. If you're going to use the gym or the wi-fi, it's worth signing up for the resort fee. Access to the gym is $40/day a la carte and wi-fi is $12.95/day.. . They have some INCREDIBLE restaurants in the hotel complex, many with celebrity chefs such as Emeril Lagasse (Delmonico's steaks, Table 10 or Lagasse Sports Book), Mario Batali, Thomas Keller, Wolfgang Puck. Or more casual fare. The Canal Shoppes offer some high end shopping ... you can easily spend your winnings right there!. . I wish there was a Starbucks in the complex, but there are only Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf cafe's instead. But, walk across the street, there is a Starbucks right on the corner across from the Palazzo entrance. I love the change of the seasons in their decor near the fountain and the staff is always warm and welcoming.. . Elegance, indulgence, sophistication. Three words that sum up the Venetian & Palazzo hotels. Join GRAZIE ... it's free and you get discounts and premium seats for Jersey Boys, Phantom of the Opera and Blue Man Group. If you're a Priority Club member, you can collect points from the InterContinental Alliance partnership.. Room Tip: Ask to be put on a floor higher than 10 so you can have a little bit of a view. Anything lower than 10 and you're probably going to be overlooking the air conditioning units of the convention center.. See more room tips
Got a great flight/room deal here for Columbus day weekend. Booked Friday left Saturday morning because spontaneity is fun and maybe I have a little bit of a gambling problem. Got to the hotel at 9:30 am and they were able to find me a room that was ready immediately with a strip view for a negligible extra cost so I didn't hesitate to take it. I was also presented with a packet with various dining and drink discounts upon check in.. . After checking in a manager came up to ask if everything was suitable within 15 minutes. The rooms are great here. Plenty of space. You have a full living area in addition to the area with the bed. All the decor is matched perfectly down to the packaging that the mini bar snacks on the counter are in. Note that you shouldn't even TOUCH them unless you intend on purchasing because they run on a sensor and as soon as its moved your room could get charged. The beds and pillows were comfortable. The bathrooms had a sit down vanity/makeup mirror area and a TV and they had a little kit of items that I always forget (nail file, sewing kit with safety pins, q tips, shower cap) that many places don't even provide these days.. . The casino here was as nice as any of the high end Vegas hotels and they have staff coming around to offer players cards to people who are gambling. The girl who took care of mine came back with a card for me within 10 minutes and gave me directions to the promotions table where they set the card up with my email and gave me a free t shirt for signing up. . . They have quite the selection of restaurants and high end stores (I can't even count how many times I longingly stared in that Louboutin Store window) to make sure that if you win the big one you'll have somewhere to spend it.
We stayed at the Palazzo to see the Jersey Boys a couple years ago and the times I've been back I've tried other hotels just to be "adventurous" and see what the others are like.  . . None have compared so far.  Don't want to name names, but same price range with what I would expect to be same quality from the others, but they just didn't compare.  . . Everytime I've gotten to my room at these others I'm a little let down and have buyers remorse that I should have just stayed a the Palazzo again.  I'm thinking that will be our next stay on our next visit.. . Prego!  Arriva derchi!
Beautiful inside, great service, smells good. Nice shops too.
Love the atmosphere and feel of this hotel/Casino. I know there's other high end casinos to love but this place has all the goodies like the Grand Luxe Cafe, Spanish 21, Lavo and we've won here! Hehe. Give em a try and get the Grazie card... You'll get some rooms comped.
Really nice four night stay in early November.  Beginning with the warm and gracious welcome by the front desk staff to the helpful overall staff and beautiful suite, our entire stay was wonderful.  The surroundings are just lavish and the shopping between the Palazzo and the Venetian is upscale with lots of variety.. . The casino is pretty typical high-end Vegas (don't be looking for $5 tables here or even more than 1 or 2 $15 tables after 6:00 on the weekend) although they seem to have some heavy duty smoke eating equipment as it seemed less smokey than others, especially Caesar's Palace.  This was my 3rd trip to Vegas and stayed at MGM Grand the first trip and Luxor on the second.  Palazzo is by far the best of that bunch.
Great stay - wonderful experience! . Hotel staff is helpful, service is above par and The Palazzo seems to break up the monotony of Vegas over the top, fakeness - its a nice balance to stay here and experience the rest of Vegas!  I have stayed at The Venetian, Bellagio, Ceasar's and MGM, and The Palazzo is the only way to go - my new go to place!!
The suite and view were wonderful.  The front desk staff member that checked me in was helpful.  He was having trouble with his computer and gave us a complimentary view upgrade for our inconvenience.  I like the fact that a hotel room key has to be shown before anyone is let in to the hotel elevator area.  The house cleaning staff was great.  There are some hotels where the cleaning crew is noisy in the hallways.  Not the case here.  The beds were comfortable and the suite spacious.  They provide an amenities box in the restroom just in case you have forgotten items at home.
Beautiful place, here for conference and it's one of the largest I have attended with over 6000 people.  The Palazzo was one of the best venues for this with the Sands expose to accommodate the entire event.  But I love the colors, the textures, and the look of both the Palazzo and the Venetian.  . . But what I found was a surprise, the common sitting areas were stained with fabrics that were worn and ripping.  The frames of the sofa's were scratched and worn out.  The place was clean and kept clutter free, but to see a dingy sofa was a big turn off.  . . I still haven't been in a room yet, this was noticed just in the conference areas.  So it makes me wonder what they look like.
Loved it! We stayed in the Bella Suite and we enjoyed our room so much! We didn't upgrade to a strip view, instead we had a view of a gold course and some side streets and it was lovely! . . The room was well appointed, the bathroom was great and I have zero complaints!
The Palazzo gets 5 stars! I stayed here this passed weekend and was very impressed. I've stayed all over the strip and I have to admit this was one of my best experiences in a Vegas hotel. The staff was friendly and accommodating, the rooms were beautiful and classy, the over all feel of the hotel was fantastic. . . We had a large group so we decided to book two suites. They were able to give us two adjoining suites so we could all be together. It was perfect! The suites had two beds, an el shaped couch, and one of the sides pulled out. The bathrooms had both a shower and a bathtub and lots of mirror spaces which made it that much easier to get ready among eleven other girls. . . We had brunch at Lavo on Saturday and we were impressed with the quality and taste of the food. . . The layout of the hotel were perfect, not confusing to navigate like other hotels (ahem..MGM). The casino led right to the lobby one one side and the elevator to our suite on the other. . . There was a coffee bean located right by our elevator which was PERFECT to roll out of bed in the morning (technically the afternoon..but it's Vegas who cares!).. . Over all we loved everything about the Palazzo and highly recommend it!!. . Xoxo blondie
No coffee maker in the room.  My only complaint, but had a coffee/pastry shop steps from the elevator on the casino, and shopping floors.  You will not be disappointed.
I love staying at the Palazzo. . . I've probably stayed here four times already. I crashed here last weekend after a night of partying since my sister had a room. The beds are SO soft. It's almost like sleeping on a cloud. My sister was so amazed at how soft they were that she started taking off the bedding to find the mattress brand. The rooms are also very spacious and can easily sleep 6 people (if you get the double queen room) because it also has a sofa bed. If you plan on renting a room with that many people, you should get a little "occupied" sign for the bathroom door though because it doesn't have a lock. That's probably the only negative I can think of. Other than that, everything is perfect. . . Gorgeous view + Soft beds + Blackout curtains = Super win. . . Tip. *The Venetian is doing "Winter in Venice" right now until January 8th and they have some very beautiful displays along with an ice rink if you want to check that out.. *The Venetian is just a couple bridges away from the Fashion Show mall; go shop til' you drop!
This place is awesome!!! I finally made it back to Vegas after over a decade, and because we have a family of 6, and I'm too cheap to get 2 rooms, we stayed at the Palazzo. There was plenty of room for all of us, and the beds were sooo comfy! As soon as my head hit the pillow, I was out... The hotel itself is close to everything, and there wasn't too much of a hike between the parking garage, and our rooms.. . I wish I could afford to go to Vegas more often, but when I do go back, I will definitely stay at the Palazzo again!!!
Such a nice place; very classy. It even smells great in there.
As someone who's been to Vegas somewhere between 10-20 times (probably closer to 20, but I've lost count) I must say that The Palazzo is by far my favorite hotel. Though Encore is a close second, The Palazzo wins due to its proximity to the Strip (Encore is located at the end of it) and it's wide array of restaurants. Having a Walgreens downstairs doesn't hurt either.. . The bathrooms are gorgeous: wide, spacious, and comes equipped with a television. The beds are huge, the living room roomy, and the staff goes above and beyond for you.. . If you're looking for luxury on the Strip do not hesitate in booking here! It's worth every penny.
So gorgeous but super expensive. I love all the classy shops around it and the Casino on it's first floor. Everything is fancy and obvious about it. It also has a Walgreens and Sephora connected to it, and they're not over priced, believe it or not, so ladies no worries if you forget any makeup at home!!! haha. . Maybe on my next adventure this is where I'll stay! It's literally in the middle of the Strip. Woot Woot! :]
We stayed here for Thanksgiving week & we were really impressed with the rooms and on-site amenities. We're no strangers to nice hotels in Vegas but Palazzo room designers really out-did themselves on this one!. . Right when checking in they gave us a free upgrade to a strip view suite. Palazzo is centrally located so we could easily walk to the mall, Wynn, Venetian, Mirage, Caesars, & Bellagio. We usually stay on this side of the strip for colder months anyways. . . Probably the only issue we had was that our card keys kept getting deactivated... could have been our own fault though (next to other cards, carpet static, complex reservation)
I stayed here this past christmas. I really liked the hotel overall. The only thing was that it was kind of annoying having to pull out your room key everytime you want to get back to your room. There is a security guard that stands right by the elevator and asks to see it. But other than that I loved the big rooms and the design of the hotel.
I love this place!. . I've stayed there many times but just joined Yelp and had to take a moment to shout it out!. . Love the beds, the bathrooms, the sectionals, the mirrors, the perfumed air conditioning, the convenient parking, the proximity to shopping and my other favorite hotel (Wynn/Encore) . . . I just love it!. . The Chinese New Year decor is gorgeous too!. . That's all.
I love this hotel! The size of the room, the crowd and the cleanliness cant be beat. They always have great deals on rooms and their casino is always so fun. Mostly I love it because of its location to the Wynn/Encore, the mall and other hotels. Also, their variety of restaurants at different price points is also excellent for couples and families. Its always a good time to go to Vegas!
Love this hotel; so pretty and well laid out casino, restaurant, show, shopping areas.  Jersey Boys rocked!
I was a first timer at the Palazzo, however, was pleased to have stayed at the hotel. I went during the weekdays which made my experience quite affordable and was able to stay in their Bella suite.. . The room was clean and had a great interior with a great setup, three televisions (one in the bathroom), wireless and wired internet, as well as an in-room printer. While the lighting was not the best, the views from the room were excellent and the cleanliness was amazing as well. . . The floor of the casino was a great place to be with good service and friendly dealers. For some reason, I have had great success at the Palazzo and have enjoyed it ever since. . . It's also connected to the Venetian which provides you with a number of excellent restaurant choices from top chefs, ice skating (during the winter months), a trip down the canal, and a number of shops. . . However, what I enjoyed most about the hotel is their rewards program and it will definitely keep me coming back. While I may have put out a lot of money on the tables by some people's standards, it did not take long for my group and I to get another night at the hotel, which I will take and enjoy. . . It's also near some of the best clubs and hotels on the strip, which makes it a great place to stay if you want to hit up a variety of places but not travel very far!
As a local living in Las Vegas, I rated this casino five stars mainly for accessibility for parking (self parking and valet) and room size and quality. I consider this one of the best places to park on the strip because coming from interstate 15, you just exit Spring Mountain, head eastbound and it's the first right after the LV Blvd. This area is great because it's near the Fashion Show Mall, Wynn/Encore and is attached to Venetian.. . Once you park in that lot, just take the elevator up and you're right at the entrance to the hotel rooms/casino or Lavo. Important note: there are ALWAYS available parking spots when I'm here. The casino area is spacious, Lagasse is also the biggest sports book with the best seating and Lavo is a nice ultra lounge/restaurant. . The rooms are large/suite sized and are always clean, smell fresh and are quite affordable. I have local Vegas friends that gamble often here and get suites because of the space.
I don't think I would want to stay anywhere else in Vegas but here. The rooms are gorgeous! I can see why my friends love coming & staying here.. . I wanted to take a piece of furniture home with me, but I think/know that it would be frowned upon.. . Highlights:. - Spectacular view of the strip (Treasure Island). - the convenience of the Canyon Ranch Spa Club & Fitness. - Awesome places to eat: Espressamente Illy, First Food & Bar, Cafe Presse, Grand Luxe Cafe. - Not to mention a Walgreens around the corner . - The Venetian and all the shopping you can do. - If that isn't enough shopping for you, the Fashion Show mall is just a block away
Suites are top notch! Everything is amazing in the room from the bathroom to the living room area. I wish the bathtub had jet bubbles. :] . . Free wi-fi in the room was a nice convenience. . . I love how Grand Lux is right there next to the room elevators. :D Most amazing restaurant in Vegas.
The Palazzo is a charming hotel, just like her sister, The Venetian. I've stayed here many times since one of my girl friends gets free rooms all the time because her family gambles here a lot. This used to be my favorite hotel in terms of decor, but now the competition is stiff between Encore, Aria and Cosmo. I love the layout of the suite here. 2 queen beds and a living room with a sofa sleeper. 7 can sleep here pretty comfortably. . . From what I can remember, sleeping on the bed is like sleeping on a cloud. I've probably contemplated not going out and just staying in bed because it was really that comfortable. This room is beyond luxurious and the hotel is a great place to stay since it's right next to Wynn, Venetian and TI. . . The Grand Lux Cafe is open 24 hours too. If you love The Cheesecake Factory, then you'll love the Grand Lux too!
Beautiful hotel.  Wish they had a coffee maker in the room.  The rooms were nicely decorated and I loved the lounge area and office section of the suite.  Maid service did a grea job straighting up each day.  The hotel staff was very friendly and Accomodating.
What a great Hotel / Casino!. .  The casino-.   Spacious with very tall ceilings, bright, nicely decorated and feels like a high end establishment.  In no way do you feel lost or trapped.  They have all your favorite games but no poker room....yet. It's very easy to navigate with a number of bars within arms reach.  I have always found the service to be stellar in the casino.. . The rooms-.   The Palazzo is an all sweet hotel.  The rooms are similar to the Venetian in size and space but the decor is much higher end.  I absolutely love the rooms at the Palazzo.  Certain floors have a more contemporary feel to them than others but you can't go wrong in any suite.  It feels new and fresh (well it is fairly new and fresh). . Dining-.   If you love Japanese food and/or South American food (Peruvian and Brazilian) and want to try something totally unique I would highly suggest a visit to SUSHISAMBA!  I can't get enough of this restaurant.  The menu is so unique and the creations are so inventive it just puts an eternal smile on my face for the rest of the night.  Look up their reviews on Yelp.  Dos Caminos is a really solid high end Mexican joint on the casino level.  Of course you also have the Grand Lux cafe which is fantastic for casual dining...it's affiliated with the Cheesecake Factory, enough said!  There are plenty of other great places to eat as well....sorry but I just keep going back to SUSHISAMBA.. . General-.   The valet is easy and convenient, rarely a wait or a line when dropping off and usually very quick when getting your car.  The Palazzo is attached to the Venetian so it's very easy to utilize everything the Venetian has to offer.. . I just love the Palazzo / Venetian.  I stay here 2-4 times per year and have never had a bad experience with the staff, management, or casino.
The Palazzo just screams SEXXX.. . It was quite possibly, the best hotel I've ever stayed at.. . Our suite was spectacular, with a Strip view, and we could watch the Treasure Island show each and every night from our window.  The beds and couches were to die for, the room service impeccable, and we had free wi-fi in our room.  Bravo to whoever the interior designer was.. . I mean....even our curtains had their own remote control.. . Not that we needed THREE televisions, but we had them.  The bathroom was HUGE, and several people could be getting ready at the same time if you needed to.  The toilet also had it's own separate room, which we all appreciated.  Nothing ruins your vacay more than when someone blows up the bathroom.. . The concierge was also fabulous as well and SUPER nice..  We needed last minute tickets to a show at the Excalibur, and we got them without a hitch.. . So if you want, POSH and POLISH, definitely stay here!!!
This is my favorite hotel to stay at whenever I am in Vegas.  I do wish it was more towards the middle of the strip though, but it's okay.  It's always worth it regardless.  . . The rooms are beautiful.  I like the extra little lounging space.  The service is always great -- check in has always been a breeze.  I always valet, super easy to find.  Those pillows are so fluffy.  I love that Grand Lux Cafe is right there.  It's good food for a pretty good deal considering it's Vegas.  I haven't really gambled at this hotel yet though.  . . No complaints!  Can't wait to be back =)
Great casino, friendly staff, and gorgeous seasonal displays. The displays are usually fairly similar to the ones at the Bellagio Botanical Gardens but situated differently. It's nice to come here later at night when the shops are closed since it'll be much quieter and less crowded than the Bellagio Gardens. Great place to take pictures or take a break from shopping.
BEAUTIFUL. Amazing property that I have been privileged to have stayed at twice already this year.. . I got the first one as a timeshare deal - go watch a timeshare presentation, and get 2 nights in Vegas at the Palazzo... WIN. . Second time was with friends - beware, if you use the minibar, you can expect the bill to be almost as much as the room charge - if not more! Utilize CVS, or learn the hard way!. . Great amenities, just a bit irksome that they do not have locks on their bathroom doors.
I love Palazzo a little bit more than the Venetian because it is newer and because its closer to XS (my fave).  When you're running late from getting ready and pregaming for the club, closer is better.  . . But overall, same suite style rooms.  2 queen beds and a pull-out queen allowing for large groups.  Large bathroom.  Separate poop room from the main getting ready room.  Awesome.. . I love Palazzo even more as I have recently discovered that it also has a Grand Luxe Cafe... just not open 24/7.  Boohoo, I can walk my fatass to the Venetian if I really am trying to eat at 4am.
Amazing! So worth the price total luxury!
- Absolutely gorgeous. Wonderful service. Whatever I needed they got. The suites were PERFECT in everyway. The decor, the bed, the bathroom, the sunken living room. The TVS in every room. A lot of space, probably more space than a NYC apartment, lol. . . - This side of the strip is definitely THE classiest and most elegant (attached to the Venetian next to the Wynn and Encore). LOVED having a gorgeous  Walgreens attached to my building as well as an entire mall with THE best stores like Barneys New York, Christian Louboutin, Micheal Kors, Bottega Veneta, and even having a Victoria's Secret in my hotel came in handy. You can shop until 12am, yes you can go buy a pair of Jimmy Choos at 11:45pm, lol! (not to mention Fashion Show Mall is a short walk away). . - The Palazzo is with The Venetian, and in between the two is the mall, or actually it's more like a city. It's like Venice, Italy... and there's a river down the middle with people singing and giving rides on gondolas, one guy sounded so good I thought it was a recording. TAO is also in here, and it's one of the hottest/top clubs in Vegas. So basically if you stay here you can literally just stay in your hotel the entire time... there's lots of good food (top restaurants with worldwide known chefs), shopping, gambling, clubs, everything all in one place. . . . SUMMARY: This place is true luxury at it's finest. So please darling, be classy when you go. They have great deals and it's totally worth every penny. I felt like "I made it" staying here, lol, nah but really the grandeur of the place definitely makes you a little unintentionally snooty and boujee, especially as you walk down the strip and see how "the other people live, you know the 99%", hehehe, I kid I kid.  First time in Vegas and I did it right by staying here. Lost some money at the slots, but hey that's Vegas baby!. . . (forgot to mention the 1 main con-- our room wasn't the cleanest when we got there, I asked for it to be reclined-- they said sure. 30 minutes later the housekeeper comes in, but you could tell us being in the room totally caught her off guard, she seemed like she was on her way home when she was suddenly asked to clean our room b/c she had her purse and personal belongings-- and just so happened to have  small water bottle and rag... she did a HORRIBLE job cleaning, didn't make any difference)
WOW, I had a great double bed with sunken living area.  Comfy bed, TV in bathroom, great tub, shower and sofa.  I felt like I had a mini apt. for my week in Vegas.  The hotel was connected to great shopping and food.  I will be back.
LOVE.. LOVE.. LOVE..  The suite was perfect.  It's similar to the Venetian with a sunken living room.  The bathroom is huge and the tub is so comfy.  Fit's 2  for sure(hehehe).  It's really a cozy place to stay with plenty of room to just lounge or relax.  There's an office area with a fax machine and computer hook up in the living room.  The living room, sleeping area, and bathroom all have a T.V!  The Palazzo and Venetian is definitely the top places to stay in Vegas!
I have not stayed here but I have stayed at The Venetian and thank goodness I checked out The Palazzo Casino because I am OBSESSED with it!!. . I don't care if it's luck or not but whenever I gamble at The Palazzo I WIN BIG!. . 3 card poker tables there rule. I got 2 straight flushes and a 3 of a kind!!!. .  The drink servers come around often and their bloody marys are delicious.. . Also, I cannot get enough of the Alice in Wonderland slot machine and even won $400 on it. . . After winning a bunch of money (in our eyes) we waddled over to the Grand Luxe and giggled in delight.
I absolutely LOVE the Palazzo!  I stay here almost every time I'm in town with my girlfriends.  The rooms are like mini suites - they're SUPER spacious!  Whether you get a 1 bed or 2 bed room - each room comes with a mini living area that has an L shaped sofa with a pull out couch which are BOTH comfy to sleep in!  .  . Oh! and the bathrooms are nice too!  There's a stand-up shower, separate tub for a bath, and a separate toilet room.. . I love everything in between this hotel and the Venetian.  There are so many stores whether you want to shop for something nice, grab a bite to each, or pick up a few things at Walgreen's (BOOZE!) everything is so close by i love it.  There are a TON of restaurant options in the area too!
To be honest I was originally hoping to book my stay at the Wynn, but the Palazzo had a great price, and I couldn't say no. I completely lucked out and it beat all my expectations.. Everything about my stay in their luxury suite was amazing, and I can't wait to come back. Their front desk employee, Joshua was extremely nice and accommodating. He gave us a room on the 49th floor of the Palazzo, note there are 50 floors in the Palazzo and the 50th floor is penthouses. The view from the 49th was incredible.. . Our room was a standard king bed suite. However, there was nothing standard about the suite. It was huge! The bathroom was giant and featured a separate tub and stone shower. There was also a separate living room area with a sectional couch with pullout bed. Everything thing about the room was modern without being cold. It was very inviting. The sheets were a bit rough, but the bed itself was very comfortable.
The Presidential penthouses.  . . 4 rooms, a gym, piano, super sexy bathrooms. . . This is the way to do Vegas.. . Superb.
The staff at the registration desk was fantastic. The rooms have amazing views and are really deluxe. My only complaint is their small casino floor.
Love, Love, Love The Palazzo!! Awesome room with a luxury view of the strip and the pirate show across the street at Treasure island. When I got to my room, my key did not work, so I called downstairs. Some one was there to let me in within minutes and also brought new keys.
About my 15th visit to The Palazzo... figured it was about time I gave them 5 stars.  It used to be a lot better when it was not part owned by Intercontinental, but still very solid.  Thanks for all the good years!
We have stacationed most of the hotels in las vegas. we have stayed in beautiful hotels in california. the standard room here is the most beautiful room i have ever stayed in - sunken livingroom with supersized sectional plus floor to ceiling windows plus xerox and fax machine, desk, table with 4 chairs and even a decent selection of television stations. new card sign up gets 50 dollars free play and a t shirt. when my slot machine got stuck the attendent credited me another 25 in free play too. we will be back!!!!
I took a trip up to Vegas this past weekend, and for the first time, I stayed at The Palazzo. I must say, the experience was great! The spa is great, the food is great, the room was great, and the casino is great! I haven't one bad thing to say about this hotel!
Great rooms,
Still our favorite place to stay in Vegas (and we go pretty often). The rooms are huge and the restaurants are all fantastic.
We stayed in the Sienna Suite with Prestige level.  WOW!!!! Take look a their web site and see what you get for the bump up to Prestige level.  Definately recommend this hotel and would stay there again. We loved the private check-in/check-out, Presitige Lounge with breakfast, snacks, free cocktail hour with premium drinks, and oh yeah LIMO service to and from the airport - no cab lines for us this trip - worth it for this alone.
The Palazzo offers fantastic rooms/suites that are clean, roomy, and gorgeous. Went last week for a bachelorette party and couldn't have asked for a better room. The beds are huge and so comfortable. Even the couches are suitable to sleep on. Great views, big bathrooms, great lighting, and lots of mirrors (6 girls getting ready in one room requires many many mirrors). Service was great too. Didn't have to wait too long for towels and other orders. . The location is fantastic! Walking distance to clubs like XS, Tryst and Surrender. Dining options are great! So many things to choose from that are super close by/and or in the hotel itself.. This is not the type of hotel to be loud in however. If you are looking for an upbeat, crowded, social and younger crowd...this isn't it. Casino/hotel has a very chill and mature vibe...which is actually a nice change from the noise and chaos of the strip. . Didn't get a chance to check out the pool...but the pool party at Surrender is just a short walk away. Overall, I had an amazing experience and would highly recommend staying there.
Stayed here during a girls Christmas getaway, awesome experience!. . Well located, close to a lots of restaurants, shops (Grand Canal, Shoppes @ Palazzo, Fashion Show etc.) and show theaters. . . Really capacious room. Posh and modern. My friend's Siena room even has a private workout room and jacuzzi tub.. . Nice views - Mine 40+ fl room has unobstructed views of the Canyon.   . . We also like the VIP lounge located on the 1st floor - a cozy, quite, exquisite hideout for us to grab some fruits & treats and chat. . . The hotel is magnificent both inside and out, truly lives to its name. . . A really minor draw back for non-gamblers is you have to walk through the casino to get to the guest room entrance, but not a big deal.
We loved our room here- beautiful modern decor with a hint of Hollywood Regency. Multiple Mirrors around the room. They have a tub and shower, plus a makeup area for the ladies. . . We did not really need to leave our hotel. The Palazzo has everything self-contained: food, sleep, shop, shows and gambling. Worth it!!!
Great Place !!! Love this hotel..... will see you soon again !!!
This is currently my Vegas hotel of choice! After staying at the Siena & Bella Suites (on two separate occasions), I completely fell in love and here are the reasons why:.  . You can valet (free) or self park. If you chose the latter, park as close to the Front Desk elevators as possible because this will land you right next to the guest elevators leading up to the guest suites. The Casino elevators will take you closer to the front lobby and desk. . . The room I stayed in most recently was the Bella Suite (comes with two queen beds and a pull out cot built into the sectional sofa) and that room can easily fit six to seven people! Great for groups. The Siena Suite can fit four to five people, comfortably. Both the Siena and Bella Suites were well furnished and had just the right amount of opulence without going too overboard. The bathrooms were well lit and contain a vanity area for ladies, which is extremely helpful. There is definitely no shortage of flatscreen T.V.s!. . The amenities were great. Wi-fi! Bathrobes! Quality shampoo, conditioner, and lotion! Oh, and a hair dryer...wheee!. . The hotel staff is professional and courteous. I had no problem requesting extra key cards because they kept demagnetizing in my purse. Switching the room charge from my friend's credit card to mine was also a piece of cake! Requesting extra room amenities (shampoo/conditioner, towels, etc.) by calling the front desk from the phone in the suite had someone knocking on my door in less than ten minutes. I also like how they address you by name when you call down to the front desk. Great service.. . The Palazzo is conveniently located next to Wynn and Encore. Considering the popularity of Encore Beach Club during the day and XS at night, this is really helpful. Walking from Palazzo to Encore took less than fifteen minutes. And a cab ride to Wynn was less than ten minutes and cost $5.. . Did I mention there's a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf right next to the guest elevators?
We stayed here for our anniversary celebration trip.  The suite was fabulous.  We had a great view of the strip!  The bed was comfortable and the desk even had a printer for our use.  Despite a challenge at check-in, the staff made it work.  We also enjoyed the Prestige level concierge and breakfast/hospitality suite. This may become our new go-to hotel in Las Vegas.
I love the Palazzo!  I stayed here this past weekend and it exceeded expectations.  I felt pampered, lived in the lap of luxury, and wasn't over cheesed at all (which I am sad to say I can't assert as much for the rest of Vegas hotels.  I nearly gagged at the hideous displays in Caesar's Palace  ...lots of enthusiasm, but no design). . The Platinum VIP lounge was spectacular with employees waiting on you with silver trays.. . The pool selection was also superb, which to me, is a very important aspect.  We had access to 4 different pools between the Palazzo and the Venetian in addition to close access to Tao Beach.. . Our suite on the 42nd floor was the picture of luxury.  3 TVs, one in the bathroom even, luxury bath and shower, remote control drapes for when you come home from the club at 5am and just want to pass out on the bed as well as black-out fabric for the curtains so you can sleep til 11am and wake up still thinking it is the middle of the night.. . I'm ready to go back!
I loved my stay at the Palazzo!  My boyfriend and I stayed here for the first time over Memorial Day weekend.  We are frequent visitors to Las Vegas and have stayed almost everywhere (I'm talking 100+ trips).  My check in was a breeze, they had the room I wanted available and it only took a few minutes to get the keys.  (We've stayed at other places [MGM] where we book one room, but by the time we check in they don't have any available - nothing irritates me more!)  . . Our room was on the 27th floor and we had an amazing view of TI and the Trump.  The bathroom was spacious and included a vanity area, shower, tub, 2 sinks and a TV.  The sunken living room area had an L-shaped couch, TV and desk/office area complete with a printer.  The bedroom area had a 2nd TV.  My only complaint about the room was that bed could have been more comfortable, not that it was uncomfortable, but stay at the Trump once and you'll want to sleep in a bed like that every night.. . We went to the pool Sunday afternoon and after getting a late start I was sure we would not be able to find chairs.  When we went to go get our towels they asked us if they wanted them to look for 2 chairs for us.   It took them about 15 minutes, but they got us 2 chairs next to each other and away from most other people.  . . Hungry, just head to the 2nd floor and take your pick of amazing restaurants.  Table 10 is one of our favorites.  Entertainment, the Zebra lounge had an 80's cover band playing Sunday night and we had a blast listening to them!. . The staff was really nice; every staff member I encountered said hi and asked my stay was going.  I'm no high roller, but I sure felt like luxury staying here!  It was an excellent experience and will be going back soon!
Absolutely breathtaking, beautiful hotel with top-notch service and beautiful, gorgeous, spectacular rooms.. . First of all, valet service was great. Greeted us promptly, asked us how we were doing today, and made sure that we did not take down a single suitcase from our car. . . The check-in lady was amazing and extremely nice and informative. We had not made previous reservations because we had just checked out from in a horrible, free hotel room we received from a friend. She made our check in extremely quick.. . At the front of the elevators, are security guards who check to make sure we have our room keys. I love that!. . When we arrived at our suite, we were in awe because we thought we would receive a small suite. It was huge for its price and gorgeous. The beautiful marble floors and the decor just made the price worthwhile. . . I am critical and extremely anal when it comes to bathrooms. This is one of the best rooms I have received when it comes to pricing. Beautiful walls, little TV in the upper corner of the mirror, nice bathtub, and beautiful shower. I love that there is a little vanity and stool to do your makeup. . . The bed was beautiful and comfy, but the sofa was even comfier. Loved that everything was spacious and there was a sunken living room.. . Also, when I had checked in, I did NOT ask for a view but I received one and it was spectacular. I received a view of the city, an entire golf course, and Wynn and Encore. When I laid in my bed at night, the city was sparkling and it was just the most incredible view. I would definitely pay more than $189 for that view. It was just breathtaking and the absolute highlight of the room.. . The bellhop was great and delivered our luggage and placed them in our room. Extremely nice and friendly and striked a conversation. . . I also loved that when we asked for extra blankets and towels, they contained in a plastic bag with a zipper, unlike many other hotels such as Wynn!. . This is an extremely clean hotel, with AMAZING service and AMAZING rooms and AMAZING restaurants. I love this hotel and is by far on the top of my go-to hotels in Vegas. I find it much more pleasant, quiet, and peaceful than Wynn even if there is a casino. The casino was so much more airy and did not stink of smoke. It had beautiful high ceilings and was fresh and vibrant! Loved it!
I was pleasantly surprised at how clean and elegant this hotel turned out to be. It's definitely got to be one of Las Vegas' best kept secrets in terms of bang for your buck.. .  I don't exactly recall how much I paid to stay 1 night, but I assure you it was nothing compared to the more popular southern end of the strip.. . The rooms are clean, modern, and HUGE. This place is perfect if you're staying with a large group, and I'm pretty sure you can get adjoining rooms for those of you who are traveling with a biker gang. My group had 6 people and we all slept comfortably on a bed. 2 Queens + 1 Pullout Queen = Best Vegas deal by far.. . For rooms I'd pick The Pallazzo over The Cosmo, any day.
Beautiful Hotel! My family and I actually walked down the strip and looked into a few of the famous hotels. I will say that the Venetian and the Palazzo are the nicest places on the strip. The rate at the Venetian was $229 but at their sister hotel, the Palazzo, was only $189. The Palazzo shares the same facilities with the Venetian. Therefore, unless you just have your heart set on spending a lot of money, stay at the cheaper resort. I promise that you won't regret it.
My man friend and I rolled in last weekend for a little Daisy Carnival love (EDC) google it.  By far my favorite hotel yet in Vegas. All of the rooms are suites, which is sweet. They don't even have a not-so-secret "Secret Pizza", like the Cosmopolitan, BUT there's a Walgreen's at the bottom of the Venetian (Palazzo's cousin or sister). Sorry, but Walgreen's beats the pizza when you've got to have what you've got to have. (i.e., toothpaste, beef jerky, lube, you name it). The decor is modern and there's enough room between the bathyroom and the beddyroom for your private lady moments.
By far my favorite Resort in Vegas. The rooms are fantastic. They laid them out perfectly, and put a lot of thought and detail into them. I have stayed there probably about 5 times now and like it better than Ceasers, Encore, or any of the other 12 or so properties I have stayed in Vegas. Just book a room and enjoy yourself, stop hesitating, you know you want to.. Make sure you eat at Bouchon!!
Our room was fantastic and it was a standard room! It was soooo huge with a sunken living room and great view of the strip. I could watch the shows from my window! Warning: don't even touch the candy or snacks on the bar. They have a sensor and so even if u pick it up but put it back your room will be charged! I was told this at checkin but only because I asked questions about the bar so just in case they don't tell you, now ya know! I thought the Pilazzo was nicer than the Ventian but the Ventian casino was under construction so maybe that's why. Either way, can't go wrong here, largest standard rooms on the strip!
One of the best hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas.  Extremely friendly staff...from the front desk to the In Suite Dining crew.  The rooms are immaculate! The restaurants are awesome.  The shops are some of the best.  Bonus to it all it is connected to the Venetian.. . It's a VEGAS Must Stay!
Came here during EDC and Pacquaio weekend! It was a bachelorette/ Birthday weekend. . .. We lucked out b/c my friend's husband took care of the hotel for us 5 girls to stay for the weekend.. This place is exactly how the venetian is (layout wise). Room service was amazing! Food is fantastic!. Another awesome experience in Vegas!
Stayed at the Palazzo for 5 nights in July of last year. It is an amazing hotel, great location and friendly staff.. . Check in- Was simple and easy. There was a small queque at about noon on a Wednesday but it went quick. We had a standard Bella suite booked. I felt daring so I tried to $20 tip trick to get a room with a view. I was amazed when it worked. Instead of a 10th floor room with a view of a parking garage we got an amazing view of the pool and the strip.. . Rooms-The room was perfect for four girls. The bathroom was spacious, there was enough counter space for all our items. The beds were very comfortable and the sitting area was the perfect spot to relax and look at the people in the pools.. . Pools- There was 7 pools which was great because none of them were super crowded. There were pool parties at Azure, but we choose not to and just relax instead.. . Food- There are a variety of restaurants in this hotel. Our favorite had to be Grand Lux and I Love Burgers. Great value and moderately priced.. . I loved this hotel and will be returning again in August to stay for 4 nights.
We were guests again the middle week of June, 2012.  I thought it impossible, but service was actually better than the excellent service last time.. . The room was a dream.  Gorgeous wants me to tear out the two bathrooms at home and have two delivered from the Palazzo.  The sunken living room was a delight and the tech stuff next to the desk was up to date.  I conducted just enough business to make me want to stop.  So I did.. . We upgraded to a Hospitality package and it was worth every penny.  A charming continental breakfast each morning.   Whore D'erves (it prounces right, I just can't spell it right) each evening.  The staff was professional and charming.  The Hospitality Room on the Concierge Floor was filled with big chairs, big couches, plenty of tables.  We sat back and enjoyed the view of the Strip.  Lights coming on in recognition of a setting sun.. . Staff throughout the Palazzo and the Venetian were courteous and responsive to our every need and question.. . Yes, we'll go back.  I can't imagine staying anywhere else in Vegas.. . Staff . . . you were out of this world!!. . Norm and Pam
Palazzo, you spoiled me rotten.   We checked in at 2 pm on a Friday. Sigh... that's nice.   I can't help but notice that most Las Vegas hotels put down 3 pm as their check-in time.   Seriously?   People travel in far off places and you let them wait to check-in when they're tired? Or wait... they're late coming from far off places  and that's why you moved the check-in to 3 pm? Anyways,  Palazzo personally  welcome their guests, calling you by your last name, acknowledging or suggesting anything to cover your every possible need. . There's plenty of dining spots to chose from.   Morels was amazing for breakfast, room service was impeccable and they also have a budget friendly food court too.   But there was one tiny thing I do have to mention and I know it's quite a stretch with 5 people staying in the room.   Every time I called for house keeping and asked for a list of items,  it seems that they would forget something.   Ok, I may have pushed it a bit... but I was in charge of this trip and I wouldn't let anything be less of an experience that I thought possible for the cousins that tagged along.  I hope to be back soon, my Grazie points from the rooms charges and the restaurant stops are just waiting for the next fun adventure in Las Vegas.  See ya!
Our original reservation was for the Venetian, however, the staff upgraded us to  the Palazzo and a higher floor with a strip view. The room was great, incredibly spacious,  with a living room area and a fancy bathroom. The staff was very polite throughout our stay. This hotel is walking distance to Fashion show mall, and other near by hotels like the Wynn, and TI. I particularly enjoyed the pool area for lounging and relaxing. I would definitely stay here again.
My favorite Vegas hotel to stay in thus far. We arrived about 8am on a Friday to the entryway bellhop telling us that check-in wouldn't be until 3, but guest services would hold our bags and we could go preregister. Lo and behold, the sweet lady at check-in granted our heart's desire for our room to be ready NOW. When we told her that our bags were stowed with guest services, she took our ticket, made a quick call and let us know that the bags would be up within 15 minutes. When we got up to the room, I figured we would be waiting at least 45... two minutes after opening the door, the front desk called to let us know a bellhop was bringing the bags at that moment. Two minutes from that moment, Carlos brought us our bags and even took our ice bucket to fill up. Yeah, he was tipped handsomely. :). I shared my room with two other girls with PLENTY of room to spare... also, hella mirrors so no one had to wait/fight for space when getting ready. Seriously, mirror when you walk in, three sets of mirrors in the bathroom, mirror next to the window... if you're a lady, you have options. The beds were amazingly comfy and sturdy (there's a ledge next to the beds that just invites you to use it as a launching pad... yep, I'm eight years old). The bathroom is gorgeous and I swear, I WILL have that vanity in my own home one day. Double sinks and plenty of counter space equaled all of our beauty products laid out like they for for sale... nice to not have to keep everything in bags and have to search when you're already pressed for time/late to get somewhere.. In regards to the rest of the hotel's amenities available, the Palazzo offers plenty that we were thrilled about. Besides having its own pools (including Azure, the adult pool), restaurants, casino and shops, it is connected to its older yet still relevant sister, the Venetian... which meant we had another set of pools, more shops to spend at, more food options and another casino to lose our money at. :/. Two of my not-so-favorite things... I understand that the bath products were complimentary and I am not a fan of complaining about free shizz, but seriously, Suave smells better than the stuff they provide. I ended up having to go to the Walgreens connected to the Venetian to get conditioner and lotion because I wasn't about to walk around smelling like potpourri from the 90's. Also, the TV's search option was on the fritz, so when it came to doing the express checkout, it took way longer than it should have ("express" generally means quick, right?!).. As much of a fan I am of trying new things and staying new places, I think the Palazzo is officially my new Vegas home. :)
Ahhhhh the Palazzo.  The smell, the slight hum of slot machines in the background.....LOVE it.  This is by far my favorite place to stay in Vegas.  . . I am a player here (not THAT kind of player....come on now) and used to get quite a few comp offers to stay at Palazzo.  According to my favorite bartender who makes me the BEST cosmos at the center bar next to the gift shop, the players club "scaled back" on comp offers a bit ago.  That was unfortunately because I don't ever pay for a hotel room in Vegas and had to go elsewhere where I was offered comps.  The suites are just so much nicer and larger than your "traditional" Vegas room.  Love the decor and everything about it.. . Well, I'm happy to say that I have a comp for this 4th of July weekend at Palazzo and will be staying at Palazzo the next 3 days.  I plan on my regular "circuit" while there: Check in and sniff up the Palazzo aroma in the air, stop by the center bar for cosmo on way to room, immediately head back down and hit the tables, head up to floor 23 for some afternoon cocktails/apps around 5ish and then finish up the night gamblling and having fun.  Next day:  cocktails by pool and soaking up the Las Vegas sunshine, while wearing SPF 100.  Now THAT's a great weekend.
The Palazzo is my home away from home!. . No, seriously.. I only stay here when I visit Las Vegas from northern California several times a year. . (Prior to their opening 4 years ago, I stayed at the Venetian). . . Wanna know why? . . -The suites are beautiful. . -My views have always been incredible.  . -The staff treats me like VIP (but that could be based upon my gameplay). ;). -Fabulous restaurants (though I'm still sad Dos Caminos closed). . -Great Player's Club perks. . -Private VIP rooms within the casino between both the Venetian and Palazzo. . -Exceptional pools and cabanas. . -Friendly housekeepers. . -Access to multiple retail shops and other hotels. . . I'm always sad to leave the resort and cannot wait to return.... But I will be "home" again in October! . . Best. Hotel. In. Las. Vegas.
Straight ballin.. . & the 20-dollar trick works!
As the newer, fresher twin of the Venetian, the Palazzo is also worthy of the same acclaim of it's predecessor.  While one might not notice much differences between the two hotel, there are subtleties of Palazzo that distinguish it from the Venetian.  First off, because it's a few years newer, the hotel rooms do have a more modern appeal and look.  The layout of their rooms is pretty identical, but something about the Palazzo feels more modern.  I believe it has to do with the colors, but I'm not an interior designer, so I can't give actual specifics.  . . Another plus of the Palazzo is that Grand Lux Cafe is just downstairs and open 24/7! That means you can simply phone in an order and pick it up 20 minutes later in the separated cafe, or you can drop in and have an above average meal very conveniently.  While Venetian also has it's own Grand Lux, I feel the Venetian one is more packed simply because it's "closer" to other attractions/hotels.  . . The beds at the Palazzo are a legitimate competitor to my memory foam bed @ home; the plush mattresstop and sleek, silk sheets make sleeping in the bed extremely easy and comfortable.  In the few occasions where I actually get to sleep in a bed, I wake up feeling refreshed, relaxed and ready to taint my mind & body w/ alcohol and late-night clubbing.  One day I shall repeat this cycle of alcohol/ sleep on bed over a span of days and see how good I actually feel :). . Lavo, the lounge/bar downstairs is apparently a nice place to chill and drink.  While not exactly a place to dance your pants off, it is a convenient location for hotel guests to start the weekend off with some class, before your sweat smears off your makeup and your shoes end on your hands instead of your feet.  I would recommend Lavo for those who don't like dancing/crowds and prefer just drinking and trying to socialize before the alcohol hits.  When it does, you might as well move over to Tao (at the Venetian) where it's so dark and crowded no one will know the difference.  . . So if you're stuck with a choice between Palazzo or Ventian, just flip a coin as it really doesn't matter too much.  The Palazzo is easier to park in and exit since its entrance is off-the-strip slightly, so that's a plus.  Walking to the Wynn is also closer than the Venetian, so if you wanted to go to XS / Encore Beach Club / Surrender, Ventian will make that walk of intoxicated, shameful walk  back home all the shorter :)
Stayed there last weekend and I do have to say I was very pleased and impressed with this establishment. The rooms were huge and spacious. The service from check in to check out were top notch. . During check-in I asked if the resort fee could be waived as I wouldn't be using the gym during my weekend stay and it was waived with absolutely no issue. Got there really early in the morn so room wasn't ready but they called me on my cell as soon as it was.. The Concierge got me last minute dinner reservations for a Friday night when my mother and I were in a bind. . Also enjoyed its casino as it seemed more refined with great lighting and no loud music blaring all the time. The crowd is definitely more my speed  and not loud drunks.. Would DEFINITELY stay here again and recommend anyone to stay here.
Came back to this wonderful establishment for my 4th of July Birthday weeknd and once again the showed me mad love. Had the 11Am early check-in which stood well with me. Stayed for 3 days and it was a little over $800. The suite was flawless once again with the 2 beds 720 sq ft. 2 TVs and and 1 in the bathroom.. . I also got to check out other rooms in the Palazzo and Venetian when I went room hopping on this trip (4 suites total) and in my opinion Palazzo rooms are better but although there was one suite at the Venetian was pretty nice when I slept over one night. The pool was nice also pretty chill and good service and bartenders too... . The only beef I have is that there was no bathrobes in the suite this time. I guess they remember me from last year and how I was walking around the casino drunk in my bathrobe (with clothes on underneath) hitting up the tables and stuff not caring what people said and crap. . . But yes I would recommend you stay here. Good service, cool people and good food also. And every room is a suite how can you not like the #SuiteLife
By far, THE BEST hotel I have stayed at in Vegas (and I've stayed at: The Palms, Aria, Venetian, Trump, MGM, Elara, PH). I really enjoyed staying at this place because the stores that I tend to visit and shop at are all near/in the hotel. Not only that, The Palazzo Hotel only consist of all suits!! That to me is the best perk ever! . . The regular room that I booked was a suit that had a sunken living room, flat screen in the living room, bathroom, and bedroom. HUGE bathroom (separate tub/shower/toilet). . . -Room service= great. -Housekeeping = good. -Service = Fast. . The bar/restaurants are classy and affordable. . I definitely would recommend this place! 100%! . . ENJOY!
Hotel was awesome.The room has 3 tvs and 3 beds.The rooms were very big about 700 Sq Ft average deluxe room.Venetian/Palazzo have been the nicest hotels I have stayed in.Great service,housekeeping,and rooms.Average rooms are over 210$ a night and that is very pricey for me,but other than that,this is the best hotel I have stayed in.
What can I say?. . To be honest, I've only stayed at two places in Vegas and that's the Palazzo and the MGM Signature. Although, both are amazing and very spacious in its on way, I LOVE PALAZZO.. . Let's be honest, I know  a lot of you are like "The Cosmopolitan is sooooo pretty but sooo expensive!!!" So why the heck would you want to stay there?!? You are out half the time and you are paying a zillion dollars to stay at the Cosmo when you can be staying at The Palazzo which has the most amazing suites, which are extremely spacious, and the services are impeccable for pretty much $100 dollars less than the Cosmo. Not only is it a beautiful hotel, they have amazing restaurants! Sushi Samba, First food and Bar to name a few. . . So c'mon people, take your money to a place where it will be WORTH it. I mean after all, Vegas is NOT cheap! =)
Wow! That is really the best way to describe this hotel.  . . The rooms were unbelievable. They were so freaking big considering that they were just the standard room.  Definitely closer to the size of a suite. Even the bathrooms were unbelievable.. . The conference rooms were also so freaking gorgeous.  All ginormous too. Very classy.. . Really just had a fantastic experience - I highly recommend.
My favorite hotel on the strip based on room size, location, easy layout, and dining options.. . Keep in mind that ALL rooms are suites. You can sleep 6 in any room easily.. . Ton of things to do here, and their club Lavo is great. Between this place and the fact that it is connected to Venetian, I never have to leave this place.. . All they need is a Fat Tuesday here and I would give 6 stars!
I really love the Palazzo!. . I came here for a bachelorette party and had to share a room with 5 other girls. Trust me, initially I balked at the idea, but in the end we were pretty comfortable. There were 2 queen beds, plus an L shaped sofa that pulls out to a twin bed, so we all had a place to sleep. Do I recommend sharing a room with 6 people? No, never again, but I survived. Other than that rooms are very large and well appointed.. . Service was also really great. We asked for extra towels pretty late at night and instead of just knocking on the door, we got a call saying that housekeeping was at the door! I thought that was very thoughtful of them, although the ringing phone scared me more than a knock would have. I also like that there is security at the elevators so in theory random people should not be milling about the hotel area.. . As for the gaming area, it was alright. I did decent on slots which is shocking, but lost some money playing roulette. Most tables had a $15 minimum, but not sure if it's lower on the weekdays. Palazzo has easy access to the Venetian and Wynn so it is very conveniently located to a bunch of restaurants, clubs and (high end) shopping. I didn't get the check out the pool area, but next time!. . Definitely worth checking out for a great Vegas experience!
My hubby and I stayed here for a romantic getaway and it was really nice. I like the rooms here better than the Venetian hotel rooms even though they are almost identical. We came here during the carnavel (brazil carnival festival) and we recieved free VIP passes to TAO beach and nightclub for free.
Out of the hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, The Venetian was always the best and now at The Palazzo, I am equally happy. . . It's the little things:  a multi-function color printer fax machine in every room, flawless wireless that doesn't lag, speedy elevators, redesigned safes, electric drapery and shades, spotless bathroom, plenty of hot water with a strong shower-steam, an unrestrictive TV cable interface, comfortable bedding with ample pillows and as every room is a suite, they are very comfortable for 2.  . . Of course, there are the things you expect: overpriced items in the room on sensor pads and in the refrigerator (no room to chill any of your own items), slimming mirrors (my how thin and healthy one looks here in Vegas) and just a few other small things that crack me up. . . Have kids?  This is not the hotel for you.  There are adult pools and they are not allowed in the gym.  Besides, isn't it time to keep your kids at home when visiting Vegas?  Don't worry, they'll live and it will give you a chance to see what your marriage is made of:-)
As always (and despite my political leanings), I am a fan of the Palazzo.  It is an absolutely beautiful property with lots of natural light and a great ventilation system, so you don't feel as though you're breathing through an ash tray.. . I have also, and continue to be, impressed by the friendly and professional customer service.  I was checked in quickly, given a high floor with a partial Strip view as well as a coupon book and offers for the various restaurants and shops.. . And the rooms!! Gorgeous suites with comfortable beds, a huge sectional sofa, two flat screen tvs, remote controlled blinds, huge bathroom with marble everywhere, a soaking tub, separate water closet and wonderful shower.  Everything was spic and span and even smelled freshly cleaned when we walked into the room.. . I may not like the politics of the Palazzo, but darnit, they sure do know how to design and run a hotel! Bravo!
I've stayed here a few times and it's definitely in my top 5 Vegas hotels.  I love that this in an all suite hotel and the staff is always very accommodating.  My last stay happened to be on a very busy weekend and they managed to get my party conjoined rooms.  Although, the amenities are different depending on the floor you stay on.  One room had a multi-head shower on a lower floor, and the higher floor had a one head shower with no pressure.  Considering the rooms were priced the same, I wassurprised the shower was completely different.. . Other than that I'm always happy to stay at the Palazzo!. . P.S. They have free wifi for all you computer geeks!
I stayed here in July for my 21st birthday and it was such a great experience. We had originally booked the Luxury King Size Suite Jetsetter.com. We got a really good deal. Between 4 people, 3 days and 2 nights... we each payed about $120 so it was not bad at all. This is including resort fees. Arrived on Friday and left Sunday. When we got to check-in the line was not long at all. My cousin and I were very lucky. We got a cute young male attendant and we pretty much flirted our way to a free upgrade to a Bella Suite and a beautiful strip view. But I felt bad that we were taking advantage of him so I tipped him a $20. Justin was very very nice! . . Overall, I absolutely loved our stay at the Palazzo. Between 4 girls, we had more than enough room. 2 huge plush queen size beds, a huge bathroom with plenty of mirrors, a nice little sunken living room with a pull out sofa, which we didn't attempt to put together because we were to drunk by the time we got back from the club to figure it out lol The Venetian has the same layout but the Palazzo suites look much cleaner. I loved that it was right across the street to the hottest clubs, XS and Surrender and Encore Beach Club and Tao is downstairs pretty much. The only thing I don't like is that it's far away from the center of the strip. So it's far away from Marquee but that's pretty much it. $15 cab ride there. It's convenient if you want to walk the whole strip though... you walk one side of the strip down to Earl of Sandwich for lunch and a Fat Tuesday and then go to Marquee Day Club and walk the strip back to the hotel so it's really not that bad. Though it's not at the center, there's plenty of things on this side of the strip such as the mall and the Walgreens that's conveniently located downstairs.. . We got late check out for free. But when we checked out, it looked like Jetsetter had charged us for upgrading the room and drinks we supposedly drank from the mini fridge but because we saw Justin again, We made sure we went to him so he could get it fixed for us. We weren't charged any extra fees. The customer service here is awesome! I would definitely stay here again!
As a person that lives in So Cal I consider myself a semi-local for las vegas.  That being said The Palazzo is my favorite place the say.  The rooms are large...huge.  It's quiet, not a huge crowd like some of the other places.  Make no mistake this place is a resort, you have no reason to leave the grounds.  The food is awesome, the service is great.  The Palazzo is for people that want a fun time but without the huge drunk vegas crowds.  The casino floor is never full.  Now if you want the crowd and noise I suggest another casino, maybe The Venetian.  I used to love the vegas noise and drunks and now I just want to hang out at the blackjack table have  a few drinks and walk around.   Palazzo is great for me.
I have stayed at quite possibly every hotel there is in vegas (worth mentioning). And it was just at my last stay that my husband and I had a realization. This is the best steal and the best hotel to be at. For several reasons, the first of which the rooms are amazing, they are all suites and are lavishly decorated, even the bathroom has a flat screen tv. There's a separate eating and entertaining area like if you wanna get your drink on before heading out with your peeps. Second, the location is totally central. Third, the food in the place (restaurants, coffee, shops etc) is all great. I had this amazing coffee drink from the Illy and I was depressed that I never got it after that, it has a strong coffee brew at the bottom and is topped off which cream on the top, not whipped cream but like a thick yet cold and un mousey topping, along with an amaretto (non alcoholic boooooo) flavoring. I would kill for one of those right now.. . Oh yeah back to the Palazzo, it really is everything you could possibly ask for, because you get all this for like $200 something a night. Where in the world could you possibly get an amazing room, be central, with great restaurant, shops, coffee, casino area and pay only $200 nowadays in Vegas?????
It was nice as hell (exquisite). Clean. Cozy. LCD TV in every room. The bed was super comfy, soft, and fit for a king. I would definitely stay here again...and again. My wife and daughter love it here. There was more than enough room for my daughter to play, she had her own TV with blue ray player to watch her shows. The bathroom was clean and awesome.
We were lucky to have had such an awesome person at the check-in counter when we stayed there. We had a lengthy conversation regarding all the Cirque du Soleil productions, gossiped a little about Steve Wynn and the corporate break-up that led to the birth of Le Reve, and traded tips on the fabulous celebrity chef restaurants. He assured me that dinner at Joel Robuchon would be "the best meal of my life" (as it was his and many others before him) and gave me a list of a few unknown casual off-Strip eateries commonly frequented by visiting celebrity chefs, sommeliers (Robert Parker), and Cirque du Soleil performers. (I assure you, losing that list was not fun.). . By the end of the conversation, he had upgraded us to the Palazzo Bella, with a view of the Strip. I realize it's not "the best room in the resort," but it was beautiful just the same, and wonderful coming back to such a clean, spacious, and comfortable room every night after all that walking around the Strip followed by dinners and shows.. The bathtub was big enough for two to relax in, and the sitting area allowed us to sit and chat over bubbly whenever we wanted.. We had 2 LCDs in the actual bedroom, and another one in the bathroom. All requests were quickly addressed, and the housekeeping staff do an incredible job keeping the place virtually spotless.. . The location is ideal, being next to the Wynn and across(ish) the Treasure Island and Mirage.. . The property itself is, as any of us familiar with Vegas know, beautiful.. . I had an incredible time.
I love this hotel. It's our preferred choice when coming to Vegas. You can't beat the square footage and price. They offer a 20% discount if you book 60 days in advance. We stayed 2 nights in a Bella Suite. We had 6 ppl with us, which is perfect. 2 on each queen size bed and 2 on the couch. . . When I checked in, I told the attendant we were celebrating a few birthdays (myself included). He looked at my ID again and wished me a happy belated birthday. When we showed up to our room, he actually upgraded us to a strip view room (25-806), awesome! I didn't even have to ask. That's customer service right there. A view room is an extra $40/night. Sweet!. . Housekeeping is great. We requested extra towels and bath amenities. They delivered everything really fast. The bellman did take a while to bring our luggage up. It was partially my fault for not telling the guy when we checked in. Again, it's an excellent hotel in general. I would keep coming back.
PALAZZO!!!!!!! . . Love it!! The rooms are nice and big! There's a couch and tv area plus two beds!!! My friends and I have stayed there quite a few times and we have loved it every time! There are tons of places to get ready for girls and two huge tvs for the guys to watch ;-). . The housekeeping tends to be very punctual, so be sure to put your "Do Not Disturb" sign out of you plan on sleeping in! :-) . . Go go go!!
The Palazzo is one of the best hotels around! We stayed here for about a week, checked in on Sunday and out on Saturday. Enjoyed every minute of it, even though we didn't "make" money. The staff here are the best, from the bellmen to the front desk to the cleaning staff. By no means are we high rollers but you do feel welcomed here.. . The suite was very nice. Comfortable bed with lots of pillows! Good a/c and strong shower (my pet peeve). . . Concierge was helpful in making reservations at Carnevino. . . The only thing I wish this place had was a food court with fast food that's opened late or even 24hrs. Couple nights we were hungry and asked if any place to eat and were told Noodle Asia and the pizza place at the Venetian. McDonald's would've been nice. Another suggestion having more than one coffee place would be nice. . . Overall this was an AWESOME experience. Can't wait to stay here again!
My new favorite hotel to stay at in Vegas.. . I've been to Vegas all throughout my life and have stayed at many of the big names, but this is currently my favorite. Here why:. . 1.) ACCOMMODATIONS --The rooms are absoutely pefect. Being an all-suite hotel, they are the largest standard rooms in Vegas at 720 sq. ft., with the Venetian coming a close second. Tastefully decorated, perfect lighting, remote controlled blinds, large bathrooms, and 3 large beds. This was probably the main reason why I wanna return here.. . 2.) CHARM -- CityCenter may be nice an all, but I feel like it doesn't have the Vegas charm and character that most other hotels have on the Strip. Palazzo definitely sets itself apart with its Italian design and amazing architecture. . 3.) POOL -- Staying here is great because you have access to all of the 7 pools or so at Palazzo *along* with Ventian's pools and TAO BEACH. Now compared to other party pools in Vegas, Tao Beach kinda sucks.. It's small, crowded, and kinda dirty. But you can easily have a great time here. So just be warned if it's not your scene.. . 4.) NIGHTLIFE -- TAO and LAVO are always a great time. Just make sure you arrive early (like 10) if you don't want to wait in line forever. Hotel guests usuallly get in free with an even ratio of guys to girls, but it was Labor Day weekend so ended up droppin $30 a head, not too shabby. NOTE: Drinks are $$$$ here!. . 5.) CLIENTELE -- Young crowd and high rollers. Good looking people everywhere. . 6.) RESTAURANTS -- My favorite, the Grand Lux Cafe is a more upscale Cheesecake Factory with decent prices for Vegas, large portions, and is open almost 24/7 (well the one in the Venetian is). Also, Trattoria Reggiano is some really great to fill an Italian fix with reasonable prices. Unfortunate there's no buffet here, but if you want that go across to the Wynn for a great experience (or the Mirage's Cravings buffet for a little less dough). . 7.) SHOPPING -- Well, to be honest I didn't do that much shopping here. But it's nice to walk through here and have the option to shop at nice places if I wanted to.. Grand Canal Shoppes are huge. Personally theres better things in Vegas i'd rather be doing!! But I know a lot of people are into this.. . 8.) LOCATION -- The North Strip has definitely become the hot spot of Vegas. And this is definitely right in the middle of all the action. Wynn, Encore, Caesars, Bellagio, Mirage are all super close.. . Only complaint was they originally put us in a room that was dirty, which was annoying. The front desk staff seemed a little disorganized but it wasn't really a big deal.. . Oh and WINNING at Pai Gai Poker here also made me a happy camper :D . . OVERALL, I really enjoyed my stay here. Maybe it was the great company or the excitement of Labor Day weekend or whatever, but I'm definitely going to return to this resort.
awesome hotel, everything first class
One of my favorite hotels to stay in Vegas.  Be aware of the resort fees when you book, but you get lots of free stuff with the paid fee.. . Rooms & Casino & extras all very nice
Nothing I can add to what has already been said by other Yelpers. One of the best hotels in Vegas...for now. Since they are constantly building, adding and uprgrading properties on the strip,. The Pallazo is definitely worth the cost compared to other hotels in the area with similar accommodations.
My friends and I stayed on a Prestige level in the Bella Suite, and I loved everything about staying here.  It was close to all the sites we wanted to see, and the suite was perfect for 4 girls.  The first night we missed the champagne check in, but they gave it to us to next day free of charge.  All of the staff were nice and helpful.  I would absolutely stay here again!. . The Prestige level was worth it if you got up for breakfast and are able to go to the cocktail event from 5-8 PM each night.
Love, love, love the Palazzo!. . A couple weekends ago, I visited Las Vegas with my boyfriend and a couple friends. We were supposed to stay at the Trump but after a terrible check-in experience (as in we never got to check-in after waiting three hours), we were moved down the Strip to the Palazzo. Thankfully, the Palazzo quickly erased our irritation and replaced it with a smile and sigh of relief. It took only 15 minutes to complete check-in and arrive at our room. Another 10 minutes and our bags are being delivered at the door. We finally crashed at about 4:30 a.m. . . When we awoke the next morning, we could finally take in the beauty of our room. Our two queen bed suite was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was especially gorgeous with a separate shower and bathtub, and my boyfriend loved the TV in the bathroom. The sunken living room gave us room to spread out and the remote controlled blinds were a nice touch. . . The location can't be beat with a nice air-conditioned passage to the neighboring Venetian and it's directly across the street from Treasure Island. We easily walked to Caesar's Palace in less than 10 minutes and made it all the way to Planet Hollywood on foot in less than 20. . . My only minor complaint is the lack of free wi-fi. Seriously, $15 a day!?! I think with how much the rooms are there, they could comp the wi-fi. Thankfully, I was able to take my laptop down to the coffee shop on the second floor and hook up to the wi-fi for free. . . I will definitely keep the Palazzo on my list of favorite Vegas hotels!
I stayed here for a  couple weeks ago for a weekend adventure and had a great time.  The rooms was huge with automatic window shades that were remote control.  The bathrooms were very nice with a separate toilet room which is always a plus.  The beds were awesome and very comfortable.  I have stayed in over 8 major hotels on the strip and so far this has been the quietest and nicest place .  If you are looking to be partying in the heart of the strip but want some peace and quiet when you are ready to crash  then this is place.
Recommended to those that will in fact be lounging in their hotel rooms -- lucid and awake...to take in the thoughtful details.. . You can even watch TV and talk on the phone while you poop (for that very reason we did not touch the toilet closet phone the entire visit). For those bringing work along, every suite is outfitted with printers at the desk so you can in fact get work done. You can opt to have Wifi and everything prepped on check-in.. . Fantastic suites, service and care all around. Would give 10 stars for the staff. The only downside was how many events were actually anchored to the Venetian side of things -- Palazzo staff was left in the dark with a lot of the Carnivale happenings and they said as much.
We had done a lot of research prior to our trip to Vegas (having been there a few times before - we wanted somewhere nice to stay, with a low 'douche bag' factor). The Palazzo was our choice! We booked 60 days in advance on their website, and got a good deal.. . Check-in process was easy - you pull in off the Strip, and the Security Guard gives you a choice: Valet, or Self Park. We just drove down to the garage, and followed the signs. There was another reviewer saying the garage was very hard to navigate. NOT SO! If you've been to any other underground parking, you can figure this one out - LOL. The big painted sign for the elevators that say 'FRONT DESK' give you any clue?? LOL. . As requested, we got a high room (34th floor), facing the Wynn Golf Course. What an amazing view! The room itself was a nice reprieve from the 'go go go' of Vegas. Huge 'wow factor' when you walk in. Very classy.. . All in all - I recommend staying at this property. It's gorgeous. Thank-you Palazzo! We will be back.
I'm betting you only see 5 stars above, but if you squint really hard, you may see the actual 10 stars that I have assigned the Palazzo. . . First, let's talk service. From the moment you arrive, you will feel pampered. There is an expediter at check in, quietly ensuring that the process is smooth and pleasant. When you head to the pool, someone is eager to lay your towels out for you, and someone else is handing you ice water, and a third employee is giving you a sliced orange. When your visit is (alas) over, you'll be pleased to know that check-out is a delightful breeze. Is the bill incorrect? The error is fixed instantly, without even a moment's hesitation.. . Now, on to the rooms. The bathroom is marble and makes you feel like an Art Deco movie star. The living room area is great for lounging after a long day, featuring a squishy sectional sofa, coffee table and ottoman. When you finally go to bed, after having watched the sunset, you'll sleep deliciously--the bed is comfortable, the pillows are great, and there is no noise whatsoever. None.. . The next morning, start your day in one of the multiple pools and hot tubs scattered throughout the landscaped garden. Some are in shade and some are in sun, so--whichever you prefer--you'll be happy. . . . The location is slightly more isolated than a mid-Strip hotel, but that's fine. There's plenty to do and good transit access. The Palazzo and the Venetian blend together seamlessly, providing for several hours of entertainment without having to brave the 100 degree heat outside. The Venetian contains a handy-dandy Walgreens, but if you need more, there's a skybridge to the mall across the street and the Deuce stop is right in front of the Palazzo.. . Also nifty is that, as a hotel guest, you can skip the line, the bouncer and the cover charge at the attached Venetian's Tao club.
My wifw and I stayed here for four nights for our 30th anniversary. The reason I picked it was that we could have a suite at a reasonable price. I am so glad that we did. The room was beautifully decorated with lots of amenities. We had a great view. The room service food was excellent. The overall experience was outstanding and I highly recommend the Palazzo for a getaway for any occasion.
I have stayed in some nice hotels literally around the world - and i have to say this is the nicest, largest room I have every stayed in.  I was so surprised at the roomy-ness and amenities in the "regular" room.  My next trip to LV, I stayed in the Wynn, also very nice, but honestly if the prices were the same, I would chose The Palazzo.
I've been going to Vegas pretty much my entire life as a result of my Vegas-loving family. I love Vegas too. I know it like the back of my hand.. . That being said, this is the BEST place to stay on the strip (if you have a slightly larger budget). I love this hotel. Everything about it. The convenience of it to all the coolest places here, the restaurants at this hotel and it's sister hotel, The Venetian, the security guards that check your cards before you go into your amazing room, YOUR AMAZING ROOM, the wonderful pools, just everything about it. Unfortunately this place has set the standard for every hotel I stay at wherever I go from here on out and I still have yet to find a place that compares to The Palazzo. . . I've probably stayed here at least 15 times and have yet to have a bad experience with service. Whether you're here for a bachelor party, wedding, or with friends or family, you'll have a really nice stay here. . . Parking is underground and very convenient, I think it's $20 or $25 for the convenience fee per night. Sign up to be a Grazie member and if you gamble and come frequently enough you'll start getting comp rooms.
Posh without being stuffy, clean, comfortable. Love the sunken living area. This was my second time staying at The Palazzo and i wont hesitate staying again, though i usually prefer smaller boutique hotels.
This is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas. I had booked a standard suite over the phone and upon check in I was offered one of there larger,  1 bedroom 2 bathroom suites, for a few bucks more a day. I accepted the offer and couldn't wait to see my super awesome suite. I can't remember the name of the suite but it was large.It may have been 1800 sq ft. Anyhow, it was a contemporary version of the Venetian. The Venetian is classic Italian / Victorian theme where the Palazzo is a more calm and cool version. It was simply gorgeous. There is so much to do in this hotel. So much shopping. Awesome boutique on the second level that sells dresses for not so bad a price. I can't remember the name but I bought a $1200 for $200. There was an obvious sale going on. The pool area was stunning. Huge pool, there is more than one pool, awesome spa. Great dining options. I passed by the night clubs and looked pretty nice inside but I never went in. Staff is really nice. I love this hotel and cannot wait for another stay with the Palazzo.
I've stayed at virtually every hotel on the strip and I the Palazzo is my favorite.  Very nice room, very comfortable bed and living area, but the best part is that the casino doesn't have that bad smoke smell that virtually every casino has.  Sure, you can smell smoke, but it's not overpowering like at most casinos.. . The service was very good and the atmosphere at the hotel was inviting.  I will definitely stay here again!
First off we got an incredible deal for our stay although it wasn't cheap. . . Perfect service. All the best restaurants are here and the casino is one of the best. . . Loved the marble bathroom. . . Gorgeous waterfall display.
I'm not a big Las Vegas person. In fact, the last time was in Vegas was about 3 years ago for about 2 days for a friend's wedding. We stayed at The Luxor (don't stay there). So on this particular occasion, my fiance, my little sister and me drove out to Las Vegas on Friday afternoon to meet up with my sister and brother-in-law who were staying there for a conference. We were only staying for one night then coming back the next day. (They treated me to a Cirque De Soleil show for a belated bday gift). So for the one night we stayed, we wanted to stay in nice comfortable place. . . Looking around at the different options in Vegas, one can get overwhelmed. We settled on The Palazzo because it offered a SPACIOUS suite with dual queen beds. The sectional couch also pulled out to a sleeper sofa so it comfortably fit all 5 of us. The suite was beautiful and the view overlooked the strip. There is a sunken living room with TV and sectional couch. The bathroom is EXTREMELY spacious with both a shower and bathtub. There is also a separate room for the toilet WITH A TV. The furniture was modern and stylish. The hotel itself is beautiful and conveniently connected to The Venetian. This allowed us to stroll for days without every leaving the hotel.. . We played a little slot and that was also pretty fun. Inside the Palazzo is the Grand Lux Cafe which is DELICIOUS. I really can't be any more pleased with the beauty andconvenience The Palazzo provided. The price is on the expensive side, but you really do get what you pay for. Plus the spacious room allows you to split costs with other people staying in your room.
If you rule out the Palazzo because it isn't "mid strip" I beg you to get over it and book a room. This end of the strip is the place to be and you will have all you need without having to walk past the Venetian. Here's why.... . Check In- Quick! So many of the hotels in Vegas have horrible long check in lines but not here. They were full staffed, friendly and efficient. I acknowledged that we booked the cheapo off strip room but asked if they had any strip views and they were nice enough to upgrade us. He also offered us late checkout and i thought that was very nice.. . The room: All rooms in this hotel are suites. You will get a full living room with television, sleeping area with television and an extra large bathroom with...you guessed it...a television. We had a strip view and it looked out onto the Treasure Island pirate ship show which was fun. The room was clean with comfy couches and beds. It was perfect.. . Housekeeping: They do a great job here. We spilled a drink on the comforter (oops) and called for a new one to be brought up. Not only did they bring up a new comforter but she cleaned the entire room again and changed all the sheets. I thought that was a bit above and beyond.. . Casino: Maybe because this is a newer casino the ventilation is extra good but you won't ever call this casino smoky. It's clean with great lounges.. . Clubs: The Palazzo is host to LAVO. This is a smaller club but a lot of fun. If one of the promoters speaks to you during the day don't snub him. He is legit and will get you on the list which will save you a long line or worse being turned away. All I had to do was text him and he got us in without a cover.. . Location: Next to the very posh Wynn and Encore. These are great casinos with crazy clubs. Take a stroll over there. The Palazzo is connected to the Venetian so you can enjoy the shops without having to walk the sidewalk. The Mirage is right across the street which has some great restaurants.. . If you want old school Vegas maybe this part of the strip isn't for you. If you want new and fancy this is the spot for you. This all-suite hotel is worth every penny. Enjoy the luxury and hopefully win big. Good luck!
This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. It's a top notch hotel in the center of the strip.  All the rooms are huge with separate sleeping and "living" areas.  The bathrooms are amazing with separate shower and tubs and quality amenities.  The floor to ceiling windows have great views and the automated curtains are sweet.  The gaming area is well ventilated and there's no lingering smell of smoke at all. It's a little more on the pricey side but worth it if you're taking your lady (or man).
This casino hotel is the place to be! Everything you need is around you. The Palazzo connects to the Venetian w/o having to go outside AND connects to the Wynn & TI by bridge. In addition it is less than a block away from the Fashion Show Mall. The Fashion Show mall has an extent food court as does the Venetian. There are plenty of resturants in the Palazzo from you to choose from.. The rooms are big & spacious suites so you'll feel like a king or queen when you walk in. The automatic curtains make you feel fancy & having a large sectional counch isn't too shabby either. The bed is SUPER comfy & the pillows are just right. There's an IPod dock, dvd player, & 2 tvs (one in bedroom area & one in the living room area). . Late checkout is an option which is usually 12pm or 1pm depending on the days/dates, but there is a later checkout for an extra $100-$200. . The nightlife is great as there is a club, Lavo inside the hotel. In addition there is some live music too. This is def one of my top favorite hotels IF not my favorite.
I have stayed in this hotel about 5 times now and will continue to reserve my rooms at this location for my future Las Vegas trips! . . I've never had a problem with any of my stays here before. Rooms are very spacious, very clean along with a relaxing ambiance. One thing I like about this hotel is the vanity in the bathroom! There's plenty of room to do my make up and hair! When you phone in for more towels, toothpaste, etc. they are quick at bringing it to you almost instantly! Casino hosts and staff members are always super friendly here. I never had a problem with early check-in until my last visit in mid November. We flew in at about 11:00am and our room was not available until 3:30pm - which is normal check in time. To kill time, my hubby and I played a few hands at the table and sipped on a couple drinks at the bar. Apparently for me it became one too many drinks and it was still early!! Soooo, getting a bit restless and impatient I tell the gentlemen at the check-in counter facetiously that I got drunk because they didn't let me into my room! He laughed at me and gave me a couple drink tickets to compensate which was very generous of him! . . All in all, this place is a great place to stay at. You'll never have any problems, but if you do - they're trained to take care of you! :)
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at the Palazzo. . . If there is anything that I am a snob about it is hotels. The Palazzo exceeded my expectations. The staff was incredibly helpful, the room was beautiful, and the shops/restaurants in the building were very convenient.
Of all the hotels/ casinos in Vegas that I have stayed at, The Palazzo exceeded my expectations and more! Attached to The Venetian ( have stayed there before), The Palazzo is just damn gorgeous!! Was in for the weekend during the RNR marathon and had the best time there! Got an upgrade to a stunning suite with a view of the strip. . Top notch service, super friendly staff and concierge to make everything I needed so pleasurable and smooth! Currently doing the Winter In Venice theme (both places), this was the best time to be there. Felt like I was part of a festival! The Palazzo is my go to place to stay from now on, looking forward to returning in the Spring for a conference!
OMG! How can this place have 4 stars on yelp? This is by far the best hotel in Vegas. I've stayed in all the hotels! The only aspect that the Cosmopolitan is winning over Palazzo is the fact that it has huge balconies. . If you are looking for a great deal on Palazzo rooms, try hotwire.com . Try guessing the hotel from amenities and the map, it's not too hard, I was always able to guess that it will be Palazzo/Venetian. When the prices were $309/night, I was able to get it for $125/night through hotwire! Not only that, I was there with a group of girls (4 of us) and we were celebrating one of my friends bday. At the check-in desk, I was able to get a free upgrade by simply telling them that it's my friend's bday and that we wanna have crazy fun. We got upgraded from a regular room to a room with a patio on 3rd floor. The patio had a fireplace. The room was spacious and elite. We were also on the same floor with the pool and the breakfast cafe. The service is top notch! Of course you can't always count to get a complimentary upgrade, but hey, at least its possible. Some places are empty and they will never give you any deals. GO PALAZZO! . BTW, GRAND LUX cafe in PALAZZO is the way to go for Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner! They have everything there, from Salmon plates, to shrimp, to beef, chicken, salads, appetizers etc. FULL BAR. There is one in LA too, its a similar atmosphere to Cheesecake factory if you've never been to Grand Lux, except that Grand Lux is a little less noisy and more classy! Yum, can't wait to go back!
Beautiful restaurant and amazing menu! Service was on point! I had the best experienced there. This place should have 5 stars!!! Definitely recommend to everyone to come check this place out. Good spot for a first date! ;)
The rooms here are very nice. I prefer their sister Hotel, the Venetian. Which is to say large and well appointed.  The rooms are still very luxurious.  The Staff is incredibly friendly and professional here.  This was my favorite place to play table games. The layout is welcoming, as is the variety.
Come on.. It doesn't really get much better...
I stayed here for three days on my most recent trip, and found it to be very nice. It was much more busy than normal. The wifi did not work in my room or the TV in front of my bed, but otherwise the room was perfect. Its huge, pretty, and functional. The Front Desk and especially the Grazie staff were very professional and went out of their way to make the stay pleasant. The room was always cleaned really well, though the bathmat was not changed during my stay.  The safe is a really nice size and has an outlet so you can leave your laptop and phone to charge while they are secured. Used the iron board for a badly wrinkled shirt and it was quite dusty.  Plenty of drawers in the bar (which lights up on top) as well as in the two dressers and a shelf under the safe in the cabinet, and a closet that lights up when you open the doors. The bathroom is awesome, the toilette has its own little room too.  The drink girl seemed unhappy and rushed so I just did not order any while at the tables.  The pit boss also was not really keeping track of the money I was playing this time around for the most part. Otherwise, a perfect stay. My absolute favorite place to stay in Las Vegas!
Overall, my second favorite hotel but they lose out the top spot because the casino is too cold and they don't have a true buffet restaurant. The only hotel better is the Encore across the street.. . All rooms are Suites. Comfy beds, 2 flat screen TVs, excellent maid service, in room wi fi is pay but cellular coverage is 4g and full bars for Verizon and T mobile. Overall the regular rooms are better than anywhere else in Vegas (including the Encore).. . Restraunts, clubs, and shopping are varied to appeal to all demographics.  Attached to the Venetian via the Canal Shoppes. Lacking a buffet at either hotel is an oddity. That said, having the Walgreens is a great PLUS.. . Casino is well laid out at the Palazzo, but the "traditional" sport book is over at the Venetian. Casino floor is ringed by restaraunts, bars, cigar shop, Swarovski shop, and the Jersey Boys showroom.. . Hotel lobby has an impressive fountain and check in is easy.  VIP lounge if you are snob and don't want to mingle with the common.... . Valet service is well laid out with seperate levels for drop off and pickup.. . Great customer service.. . One of the top resort hotels in Vegas.
Having stayed at there other property The Venetian I was anxious to try The Palazzo.. Since is newer the Venetian is seem cleaner and more modern.. Great rooms. The casino is a little smaller.. The staff is fantastic.. Beautiful decor throughout The hotel, check in was a breeze.. I had such a good trip I stayed there again two weeks later and also had a great time.
Best. hotel.  ever. . . You know it's great when you have to leave the hotel and say bye to the room,trying to stay as long as you can until you realize that your flight will leave without you if you don't get off their comfy couch. . . Booked here under IHG and received an upgrade as well as a fruit plate, mineral water, and 4pm checkout.  If we didn't have an early flight, I would have enjoyed the late checkout, using the time to gamble or have a longer lunch. . . Great service. They are happy to print your flight tickets (as well as our shuttle tickets). . . Definitely expensive than most hotels on the strip ($10 at Imperial anyone?). But the service, the beauty, and the atmosphere is definitely worth it. Plus, who wants to say they are staying at the Imperial? Pfft, not me.
I could seriously come to Vegas and just stay in this one hotel the whole time. Ok where to start?. . Rooms: gorgeous and spacious! Even the rooms off the strip have good views. I love the way the rooms smell and the beds are super comfy! . . Housekeeping: I have a degree in hotel management for 1 reason... I am the person that WILL ransack a housekeeping cart. Working in hotels gives me easy access to said carts. Soo when I raided one that was stupidly unattended I was surprised at the quality goodies that I filled my purse with hey that's how I find happiness. . . Pool: the pool itself is great. Love the layout. Like the "security" too. If u can even call it that but they are friendly. . . Casino: won lots of dollars playing craps. The drinks kept coming. Good service and exciting. . . Food: anything for all budgets. $100+ pp or $3 hot dogs. Love variety. . . Shopping: I don't really spend time shopping in Vegas ( I live 3 blocks away from some of the best shopping in the world) but they have a great mall!. . Clubs: when I saw the video for Shots by LMFAO I was like "hey! That's where someone's grandpa got to 2nd base with me!" But really, don't really like Tao but Lavo is awesome (hip hop heads head here). . And if you get bored here just go next door to Venetian. . So all around this place has everything you really need to truly experience VEGAS!!!!!!!
So you get what you pay for. If you pay for a suite, then you should expect to get the amenities that suites usually get. I ask for a suite...and I got a suite.. . And this place delivers luxury at a reduced cost. Just search for some deals or ask the registration lady and I'm sure you can get a room at a reasonable cost.. . The rooms are pretty big. Mine had two queen sized beds with a lower loft with an additional sleeping area for more people. It also had two tv's and a third in the bathroom. And the bathtub can fit two people. Nice bathroom tiles too.. . I recommend signing up for the Grazie card; it's a player points card for The Palazzo and The Venetian. You get points for gambling and staying at the either of the hotels. And just charge your purchases at the bars or restaurants to your room so you can rack up on the points. The points get you more perks later on.. . There's so much restaurants and shopping and other amenities available on the combined Palazzo/Venetian campus that I pretty much stayed my majority of the time here. So I racked up even more points.. . Although you can get a room for a "reasonable costs," it's still going to cost a little bit more than the average hotel on the strip so it would be best to share the expenses with others.
Out of all the hotels in Vegas the Palazzo is one that my friends and I choose very often. It is very accommodating for large groups. The Palazzo provides its guest with a luxurious atmosphere at a reasonable price. I will definitely stay there again! IT also has the best sportsbook in vegas!!!
I stayed here during a business trip a few months back. I knew I wanted to stay here after my first extremely pleasant visit to the Venetian. . . The room is exactly like the Venetian rooms except for the decor. Out of the two, I preferred the Venetian's decor a bit more but this one was still nice. One of the reasons I stayed here again is because of their mini "office" area. I actually needed a printer and my room was perfectly equipped with one. I  didn't even realize it until I walked over to my phone to call the concierge about finding a nearby kinkos and lo and behold, there it was! . . I checked out the pool area the last day of my conference and ate at the restaurant there while I did some work. It was nice!. . Once again, the Palazzo also had great dining options. My first night there, I went to Sushi Samba (which I recommend), and then walked over to the Palazzo shops where they had a cool show called Carnevale. I almost went back to my room before seeing this, but their Independence Day display was too pretty not to check out. . . Like I said with the Venetian, I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Of all the hotels I've stayed at, the price is nothing for what you actually get here.
Beautiful room on the 37th floor.  Commanding view of the Wynn golf course next door.  Room elegant and extra roomy.  Step down to large living room with it's own TV.  Self parking was always available, and once we got oriented, easy to use.  Casino was lively.  Many restaurants to choose from.  The Grand Lux was a sure thing for breakfast or lunch.  Dinner at Postrio in "St Mark's Square" always a treat.  . The light switches seem to be a little confusing.  Previous visitors seem to unplug lamps because they don't know where the switch is.  . The gym is included with the resort fee.
Fabulous hotel! We stayed in the Prestige part of the hotel. The Prestige lounge is worth the extra expense. Hosted bar, appetizers in the evening. Coffee and continental breakfast in the morning. Very nice atmosphere and views of the strip. The Siena suite was great - the best part is the shower. Best shower I've ever had! Rainshower head, detachable head and 4 extra jets. Amazing!
The Bella suite are Beautiful!!!!. Good location ...... Big rooms .... You can ask for more???
My favorite hotel. The prestige package you get awesome service a cocktail hour from 5-8 and trust me you get a lot of drinks!  You get treated like a rock star! Love this place!
Best Rooms in Las Vegas. Bouchon best French restaurant. Shopping nearly as good as Wynn and Baliagio. The gaming staff has best benefits package amount  amoung casinos and it shows in Service.
This place is pretty swanky and has awesome deals if you time it right.  I suppose since it is not the new, hot joint anymore, it helps keep the prices down.  Oh!   I turned $80 into $300 in the early morning playing penny slots.  Cha-CHING!. . The sofas and bed in the suites are pretty amazing.  Very comfy.  The TV is a bit off - the volume will automatically adjusted to blaring volumes each time you turn it on.  The pool seems a little small for the size of the hotel, but it is very pretty.. . Cute little shops and coffee stands (Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf) are in the lobby.. . I think I have a new home in Vegas!
The suite we had was very spacious.  I love having a sofa set in the living area. We were able to have 8 people sit and watch a movie together comfortably.  I wish the TV in the living area was bigger though.  There were 3  flat screen TV in total in our suite. One in the living area, one in front of the king size bed and one in the bathroom.  The room had nice noise reduction walls, so we avoided any near by guest noise.  We had a peaceful nights sleep.  Overall I give this place a 4.5 star.  I would definitely come back and also I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family.
I just love the Palazzo / Venetian!  Kid friendly!!  The rooms are huge, there are so many dining options between the Palazzo and Venetian.  I stay here 3-4 times a year with my young children.  It's the only high class casino / hotel that I've found in Vegas that has enough features to keep my kids happy.  When you stay at the Palazzo you have full access to everything at the Venetian.. . Keeping the kids happy...... -Huge rooms!. -Great private pool area in the Venetian towers with regular pools and large heated pools.  You don't have to take the kids to the party pools.  Very relaxed and great for the kids.. -Grand Canal Shops, different performers and artists all day long....really keeps the kids entertained!. -Gondola rides!. -Easy relaxed breakfast in the Venetian casual dining area. -TI pirate show is right across the street. -The fashion mall is right across the street. . Keeping Mom and Dad happy...... -Huge rooms!. -The largest poker room in Vegas..tons of action!. -Tao nightclub. -SushiSamba...if you love food and want to experience a unique and delicious meal, go here!. -Bouchon!. -Social House....incredible beer selection!. -Easy Valet at either hotel. . I've stayed here (Venetian / Palazzo) so many times over the past 10 years or so, I've had a few unpleasant experiences and mistakes but all the great experiences I've had here far out-way the couple of times I was disappointed.  At the end of the day it's a hotel, humans work there, and humans will make mistakes or be in a bad mood.  Any issue I have ever had has always been remedied with a smile.. . Thanks Palazzo / Venetian!
What can I say about one of the best hotels on the strip besides it is luxurious! I married my honey on March 1 and although we plan to go to Italy next year we were pressed with time so we decided to go to Vegas with a couple of friends and stay at the Palazzo Resort. WOW - We knew it would be great because we had been to the Venetian in January and all I can say is that it did not disappoint.. . The place is still fresh and the rooms feel like new - not sure if they have been redone but unlike some Vegas Star hotels who tend to get shabby, the Palazzo has kept up with their decor and room amenities. . . The sunken living room makes the stay seem like you have booked an apartment rather than just a room. The Internet works well. unlike the connections we have experienced in other places. . . Although you can walk to a few other casinos in the area, we were content to move between the Palazzo and the Venetian except for the early mornings where we went down to Fremont so my husband could play craps on the cheaper tables, $5 as opposed to the minimum $10 and up on weekends. As a slot player, the Venetian and Palazzo had plenty of machines that perked my interest and took my money but hey - I really don't go to win. LOL It is a rare occasion when that happens at all. I go for the fun.. . Many great places to eat - Noodle Asia comes to mind - a new one we tried this trip. . . As we exited the Palazzo to pick up our car I noticed a sign that said $9.99 breakfast so the 4 of us opted to go into Dal Toro Ristorante and were quite impressed by the delicious breakfast with eggs, potatoes, bacon, toast, pancakes - yummy. Put that in my data bank for future stops!. . All in all another great trip and we are looking forward to returning next month! Yeah!
My review is a couple of years late but I still remember my awesome, awesome experience when I was staying at the Palazzo. And frankly, this review is forboth the Venetian (for the check in) and the Palazzo (for the room).. . As luck might have it, I actually bid for my Vegas hotel on priceline and I was crossing my fingers hoping that I would be placed at the Venetian. And guess what? For a low nightly rate of $135/night (not including tax and/or resort fees, obviously), I won myself a room at the Venetian.. . Fast forward to Vegas trip back in October 2011 (my first Vegas trip, mind you), I drove from the airport to the Venetian and I had no problem finding parking in the underground garage. The traffic on the strip was not too bad, but hey, it's the Vegas strip. I thoroughly enjoyed my view during the ride to the hotel.. . So I parked, and went up on my happy way to check in. The line was pretty long, but it was moving along pretty fast. As a matter fact, when it was time for me to check in, a staff at the front desk actually called me up to the side reception area (I think for preferred Grazie members or something like that).  She was VERY friendly, and VERY helpful. Why the capital "VERY"? Well, I'll tell you why! After she looked up my information in the system and knowing that I had made reservations at the hotel through priceline, she didn't treat me any differently (I'd been to hotels where they treated me differently if I'd reserved through priceline even thought I was a gold member at the time. Ahem Marriott! Ahem Hilton!). . Anyway, as she was trying to check me in, I asked her if there was any complimentary upgrade that she could throw my way. She looked at me and said, "let me see what I can do". And while she was looking in the system, I asked her again if I could get a room at the Palazzo instead of the Venetian.  She smiled, and said, "that shouldn't be a problem". Long story short,  I was put up on the (if I remember correctly) 24th floor of the Palazzo looking down on the strip, right across from the Treasure Island. And the best thing about overlooking the Treasure Island is the fact that I was able to just look out the window and watch the pirate show at TI.. . On top of all this, I had asked her about the clubs at the hotel (Lavo and Tao) and asked her if I could maybe get passes for the clubs. She provided me with passes to Lavo and politely informed me that Tao never provided free passes because it's the more popular clubs between the two. Whether or not this was true wasn't really an issue for me because hey, I got me a couple of free passes to Lavo which was good enough. She also told me that if I were to contact the concierge, there was a very likely chance that I might be able to get in for free to Tao. I didn't bother doing that, though. . . The suite that I stayed in at the Palazzo was wonderful.  The bed was comfortable. It was plenty big for me and one other person. The bathroom was beautiful and the couch was comfortable and big enough for maybe for a couple of other people to sleep in comfortably if you're thinking about staying here with a few more people.. . The only downside about staying at the Palazzo/Venetian is it's located almost all the way North of the strip so if you want to be in the center of it all, this is probably not the best place to stay in.. However, considering the rate that I had, the upgrades that I received despite my priceline reservation, the free club passes, I wouldn't think twice about coming back and staying here. . . In conclusion, easy parking, friendly/awesome customer service, nice suites, I can't ask for more.. . P.S. If it's not obvious yet, the Venetian and the Palazzo are sister hotels that are connected to one another with Palazzo being the newer one between the two.
Gorgeous suites that's standard. Everything feels like luxury, and its connected to Venetian which has such great ambiance.  My only gripe is that its a little further in from Venetian so there's a bit more walking to do when coming from the other part of the strip. Otherwise, it's one of the best places to stay.
I have stayed at the Palazzo alot of times and my experience keeps getting better.  The rooms are amazing.  The spa here is amazing, the pool is really nice,  & the sports bar is the best in Vegas!!  Also I think its located in the best place on the strip because all the coolest hotels are in that general location.  Would not hesitate to go back.
Amazing hotel!! Very upscale!
Truly spectacular accommodations.. I had never purchased travel arrangements through a travel website, but we were meeting friends, they ended up at the Palazzo so we started our hunt for the best rate on the best possible travel websites and made our deal.. . We got in around 1 am from our flight, walked up to the guest check in with no wait.. We got right into our suite and WOW what a surprise!  We saw the pictures, we knew what to expect, we were still impressed.. . The sunk in living room was really cool.  The view to Treasure Island allowed us to watch the show from our room.  That was fun.. . We have zero complaints about the room whatsoever.. A couple comments, my husband being a smoker, we got a smoking room just so we didn't have to walk 1/4 mile to go downstairs to the casino for a smoke.  They offered something to help diffuse the smoke in the room, they never did bring it to our room, but we really didn't need it.  The rule was smoking only in the living room.  We kept the air temp low and it was fine.. 2nd item, the safe system in the rooms, in the entire hotel, one day went down.  We could not get into it.  They were quick and courteous to unlock and ensure it could be relocked and unlocked before leaving.  No other issues with that.. . We spent good time in some of the restaurants in the Palazzo and between it and the Venetian.  Separate reviews on those.... . The casino was very nice, never over-crowded, won some money and for the most part the dealers were friendly and pit bosses too.. . Upon check out, we wanted to do the gondola ride.  Such a trap, but we just had to.  The price without any discounts or freebies was about $18.95 pp.  Pricey!. But as a guest, we had a coupon for buy 1, get 1 50% off.  But when we went to the front desk to get another copy of our room's coupons, it showed up but they could not get it to print.. . As it was our last day and leaving for the airport shortly, we waited and waited....they made phone calls and tried to get it to work.  Since we already checked out, they said they would open the account back up, have them charge it to the room and come back for them to close it out and they would apply the discount then.  Fair enough.. . So we go, get our 10 minute indoor gondola ride, kissed under every bridge, took pictures and videos and listened to our lovely gondola driver sing a tune or 2....enjoyed it very much!  And tipped our captain..... . We went back to the front desk to apply the discount, close our account and jump into a cab to the airport.....they surprised us and removed the ENTIRE charges for the gondola ride.  Now, that was unnecessary and very customer-service oriented and it was much appreciated!. . Everyone was very accommodating, we didn't need to leave the property (although as first time Vegas visitors, of course we had to leave every day and experience stuff)...we didn't need to if we didn't want to.  And maybe next time we won't!
My first time in Vegas to celebrate a friends birthday and we stayed at the Palazzo.  Since my friends had been before, there was no question as to where we were staying, and we were upgraded to VIP status!!  I can't say enough how impressed I was with this hotel!  The room was spectacular... nicely designed and the attention to detail did not go unnoticed..  . I'm very sensitive to noise and did not hear anything from adjacent rooms, nor from the AC/heating system, which sometimes can ruin a vacation!!. The bathroom was very spacious and beautifully done - although I didn't think there was a need have a TV in there (especially since it faced the shower and not the bathtub); the sunken living room a pleasure to have; large windows to enjoy the views; room service was A++;  two flat screen TV's; comfy bed; and plenty of storage for our clothes!  Main pool was also nice!!. I highly recommend this hotel, and won't hesitate to stay there again my next time in Vegas!
The cherry blossom display is magnificent! The time the talent to orchestrate such an incredible display of real foliage! My girlfriend posed for some fantastic pictures in this incredible display. . . Fabulous!
This is an amazing hotel. The finish is outstanding and it makes you feel like you're not in Vegas anymore. The front desk staff was extremely helpful. We checked in quite quickly and were upgraded to a better room. We were also told that we would be allowed to get a fridge if one becomes available for no extra charge.  At check in, they ask if you want to pay the resort fee ($20+tax) with gym and WiFi included. If not, it's a lot more expensive to get gym privileges. We went with the fee.. . Our room was amazing. It was about 700 square feet. There were 3 TV's (one in the bathroom?), two queen beds, a desk, and a huge living room area which was great. It was very quiet at night and the bathroom had a tub, shower, sinks and a vanity which comes in handy for putting on makeup (not for me, seriously?). . . The casino is spacious and pretty clean. Smoke can be an issue, but not anymore so than any other casino.  The Grand Lux is worth checking out if you're hungry. . . The shops are nice too. Very high end and some nice restaurants as well. The Palazzo is attached to the Venetian which is nice as well. Both are quite beautiful hotels and treat their guests well.. . We had a problem with the WiFi so they waived the resort fee. Awesome!. . Note. The Grazie Shuttle departs every half hour from 6am-6pm from the VENETIAN! from the Palazzo, it's only every hour. Trust me on that one. . . For a nice place to stay in Vegas, but not feel like you're in the middle of Vegas, this is the place.
Over time, I have become sick of going to and especially working trade shows. In April, it seems every years is the giant media and entertainment tradeshow which fortunately I didn't have to work, but did have to attend. The show is always in Las Vegas due to proximity, number of people and cost. . . Staying at a world-class property becomes particularly enjoyable in this situation! The Palazzo Resort made this last tradeshow actually enjoyable. Great room, great service, excellent dining and winning in their casinos along with clients is a formula for success. . . I had a wonderful time and the room allowed me to sneak away, get caught up on daily tasks and most-importantly just relax.. . Their rooms are huge and the bathrooms are decadent. There's a nice area to work, should you actually need to and there's room in the refrigerator for whatever. . . Service the entire time was wonderful. The Guest Relations Coordinator even sent an email thanking me!. . Great stay and I hope I am back soon!
A sister hotel to the famed Venetian, The Palazzo Resort Hotel Casino was home base for me and Kelly during our spring break adventure. We lucked out with an amazing deal for flight and hotel- with our promotion, we even had a $50 credit to gamble with at the slots, rides to and from the airport, and various discounts at the bars and restaurants at our hotel... just for staying here! . . The Palazzo is a classy, spacious, and luxurious hotel located towards the end of The Strip. It is a short walk away from Wynn / Encore, across the street from Fashion Show Mall and Tresure Island, and also connected to The Venetian. Because these two hotels are connected, you have more amenities like more pools, at your disposal. One of my favorite spots, LAVO is also located inside The Palazzo. . . The rooms are suite styled, and we enjoyed a beautiful view overlooking the strip. We lucked out with a room right under the penthouse floor. With two uber comfy queens, a tv in the living room, bedroom, and bathroom, amble closet space, sunken living room with large area couch, office desk area, dining room, and a large bathroom (separate bath tub and shower), the two of us lived it up during our stay. Since my stay here at The Palazzo, I have since also stayed at the Venetian. As much as I liked the Venetian, The Palazzo is definitely more sexy, modern, much better decorated and exudes what Las Vegas should be like. The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel, and also has great restaurants, luxurious shops, and great rooms!
Love the Palazzo. We had our rooms comped last month so I can't complain about the prices. But the fact that they share with Venetian and have two clubs (Tao/Lavo) on site is awesome. We at at Lavo too and the food was so good. The pool is great and Tao Beach is closeby (favorite pool party in Vegas). The Palazzo pool is a great place to chill too, with a full bar and TVs all around it.
We are currently staying at the Palazzo hotel to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary.  This is our first time in Vegas, and it has been an awesome experience so far.  We checked in yesterday with the nicest Palazzo employee Navil.  I had lots of questions and (although they were busy) he took the time to answer all my questions and give suggestions for current shows to see etc.  Good customer service seems hard to find, and when you meet an awesome employee like Navil take the time to shout out how good they are at their job! . . Our room is beautiful.  It is located on the 34th floor with views of the strip.  At night it looks gorgeous with all the lights.  Everything is pristine clean and our bath is gorgeous.  Double sinks, huge tub and nice shower. We love the remote controlled shades, 2 flat screen TV's and comfortable couch. . . Don't hesitate to book at this hotel.  You will love everything!!
Oh my gosh! This place is amazingly beautiful! There is a great picture opportunity by the front entrance. They have amazing trees and flowers and waterfalls and plants. The hotel is very, very clean. To me, Vegas has kind of a dirty feel to it, but it's like a breath of fresh air coming into this hotel. We ate at a couple places in the hotel too and they were all great. I really recommend this hotel to stay at or to simply visit.
Palazzo is the place to get away from it all and live like royalty.  So beautiful and very upscale.  The rooms are all large suites, and they are not cheap like Harrahs casinos which nickel and dime for everything.  . . Things I love about Palazzo:  the spacious, modern yet classy rooms; the comfortable beds; the restaurants (Cut; Dos Caminos; Sushi Samba; So many others); walking to St Marks Square; the Blazing 7 machines; the pools and cabanas; the spa and so much more!. . Things I'm not so crazy about: Canyon Ranch cafe (overpriced, small portions and not much flavor); the main pool is shaded until 2:00 p.m. Because the main tower blocks the sun as it rises.. . Overall, my favorite place in vegas.
We stayed in a Luxury Prestige room at the Palazzo back in November.. There is not a single negative that can be said about this place!. Free drinks in the private lounge from 5 till 8. The fee food from restaurants in the resort to go along with the drinks. The concierge who will call restaurants & ask them to make a vegetarian meal for me. Private check in.... The rooms... Luxury does not even start to describe them. Beautiful views across the strip. Tempting to not even leave the room. . Going back in October & i can not wait!
The Palazzo and the Venetian are exactly what you expect a Las Vegas Hotel Room to be.  If you look around the room and think to yourself, I could live here and be happy, then you know you are staying in the right place.  All the "basic" rooms are suites with a step down into a living room with sectional couch, desk, and table.  If you want to hang out in a nice room with friends and have a few drinks, then this is your room.  3 flat screen TVs (Living room, Bedroom, and yes in the bathroom).  The marble bathroom has a nice soaking tub and glass shower.  Private room for the toilet as well and dual sinks.  The beds are very high quality with high thread count linen.  Only the Wynn has better beds IMO.  The window drapes are nice and thick if you want to sleep in.  They are also push button automated.  It's a feeling of power to push a button only to reveal the Las Vegas Strip and it's night life below you.  It's the best basic room you will find in Vegas bar none.  5 stars.. . For me the pool while nice, isn't on the right side of the hotel.  If you enjoy morning sun, you won't get it here.  Of course this depends on the time of year, but with us staying here in April, only 1/4th of the pool had any sun by 11 am.  Most of the time when we would leave the pool around Noon or 1 for lunch, the pool area was still shaded by the hotel.  Pool side drinks were also a shadow of the quality you get at the Wynn and at the same price tag.  The frozen drinks aren't made to order.   3.5 stars for the pool.. . One disadvantage to staying at a high end hotel are the black jack tables.  They aren't cheaper than $15 min.  If your gaming strategy involves putting more money on the table while you are winning, well it's not hard to often have a $45 hand and have to double down.  Now you got $90 on one hand of blackjack.  It can go south real quick if you don't show restraint.  The guy sitting next to me, was playing 3 hands at a time and must have lost about $5,000 in a matter of minutes.  So If you like stumbling downstairs from your room right into a reasonable priced casino, perhaps the Monte Carlo is more your speed than the Palazzo, Venetian, or Wynn.  That said, all the dealers were friendly.  If you are going to lose money, a nice smile and conversation from the guy pulling 6 card 21s to ruin your double down does go a long way. 4 stars for the casino. . At first the parking seemed to be crazy here.  It's the only strip resort with an underground garage and not very well designed, with cars getting frustrated trying to get out, it's easy to get mowed down.  But as our stay went on, I realized if you always parked on the bottom floors, you could get a spot right next to the elevators and miss out on all the craziness, so it's one of the shortest walks you'll have from your car to the casino.  Parking 3 stars.. . When reading a review about a hotel in Vegas, it's good to know the reviewer's experience with all the strip offers.  Other hotels, I've stayed at are The Wynn, Venetian, MGM Grand, New York New York, Monte Carlo, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, and Las Vegas Hilton.  You aren't going to find the perfect hotel.  Even though I gave the Palazzo 5 stars, they do have flaws.  But feeling you aren't getting luxury for what you pay for, isn't one of them. Just walking around the highly polished luxury hotel will make you feel like a million bucks.
This is a luxury hotel.  Beautifully decorated, bright, airy....  . . We were very fortunate to get a great deal from hotel tonight.  We were given a Bella View Suite-2 Queen Beds for $129/nite - Sunday to Monday.  Normally $350 from the Palazzo website.  . . All rooms are suites with a sunken living room with a pull out sofa bed.  The rooms are very large and comfortable. The bathrooms are huge - double sink, large tub and shower, vanity.  The separate toilet room itself was large.   There were 4 adults, 1 kid and one baby in our room - it did not feel cramped or crowded at all - even with a crib (provided by the hotel).. . We were asked if we wanted to have the resort fee waived since we were there for only one nite and did not need the wifi nor the gym.  That was nice.  Requests for extra towels and a crib were promptly addressed.. . This hotel did not seem busy nor loud like other Vegas hotels I've been to.  It just felt more relaxed.
Hands down the sexiest hotel on Earth. The rooms are so plush, inviting and unique! Stayed here for Spring break and was so sad to leave.
Best stay we have had in LV so far. Great service, location, rooms! Stay here!
First time in Vegas, had a great overall experience at hotel and the pool. Quiet hallways, big classy rooms, and hotel guests weren't rowdy like at some other casinos. Casino has a good layout and the pools were a blast to relax at. I'd recommend this resort and the Venetian over others on the strip.
Palazzo is one of my top 3 hotels in Vegas.  It's basically a tricked out version of Venetian with top of the line options and much more to offer. The lay out of the rooms is just like Venetian but they are much nicer, with three flat screens and much nicer furniture, decor, amenities. The restaurants are much better at Palazzo too, especially Cut, Bouchon, Delmonico, etc.  The sports book is nice but the casino in general is not so good. Cost of rooms are about the same as Venetian I believe so if you have to choose between the two, choose Palazzo.
Out of all the hotels that I've stayed at in Vegas, this one is by far my favorite place to stay. The rooms are great and the beds are amazing. I especially like the location.
Stayed here the end of April, what a great place!   All of the workers were helpful, room was spacious, and a free shuttle to the airport!  Came back to Vegas last weekend and thought I'd save $$going elsewhere...BIG mistake!  We ended up hanging out at the Palazzo a majority of the time!  Lesson here is "you really do get what you pay for"!  I will be faithful to Palazzo forever now!
Vegas is a place where anything goes.  And when visiting, some people like to be on the go -- checking out the strip, the various casinos and all the fine dining the city has to offer.  On the flip side, Vegas is also the land of entertaining, whereas in-room entertainment might be what you're looking for. That's where the Palazzo really shines. . . The rooms are known as being the largest, most ornate and classy rooms on the strip.  Like the Venetian's younger brother, the Palazzo towers next to its sibling in bigger-is-better family rivalry.. . During my visit the hotel ran out of the standard rooms and upgraded me, to a1,000 square foot palatial flat, with multiple bathrooms and a private gym!  Very nice, and I impressed my friends entertaining them with huge windows overlooking the vegas strip.  . . Excellent hotel, great food options, a definite must-visit.
I want to ramble on and on about how awesome this place is but I wont. Palazzo in Italian means Palace. And the minute you enter this hotel it stays true to its palatial meaning. Everything from the sights and sounds, down to the unique fresh floral smells that you experience is absolutely spectacular. We spent 4 nights in a Bella Suite and loved every single minute of it, it was hard to leave the room. We got a great deal of under 200 a night and it was worth every penny. I loved shaving in the morning and watching cnn in the bathroom. My wife really enjoyed the large space and couch area where she could relax and unwind. We walked through about 90% of the hotels on the strip and in my humble opinion none of them compared to the Palazzo. The service was 5 star throughout the resort and I don't think I would every stay anywhere else.
Stayed at the Palazzo for my Christmas weekend in Vegas with friends for two nights, and then with my family for the next two nights.  The suites are huge with a really nice view of the strip. The location is convenient too, on the strip and right next to Wynn/Encore (XS for clubbing!). There's two queen beds, a pull out couch in the living room, along with two flat screen TV...and a TV in the bathroom too!. . Seriously my FAVORITE place to stay at in Vegas...came here again at the beginning of summer! The room can seriously fit up to 15 people - as long as you don't mind getting comfortable with everyone lol. Spacious rooms and AC and the casino doesn't even really reek with cigs like most places. If you come here with a large group, be sure to leave a generous tip!
The rooms are beautiful--new, nice and not run-down.  I LOVE seeing how they re-invent the beautiful art sculptures in the lobby each time I go.  The main pool has a great vibe and it's an all around fun place.
Great place to stay. Every room is a suite. Beautiful veiw if you get a room with a view of the stripe. Lots of restaurants to chose from and plenty of shopping.
I stayed here for my very first time going to Vegas and I think I will have trouble booking a different hotel for my next stay!  This place is gorgeous, I mean breathtaking gorgeous.  Staff is beyond friendly, everything is immaculate and you find your eyes darting around to take in every possible detail.  The suites are huge and have spectacular views of the strip.  Extremely convenient location attached to the Venetian.  The bathrooms are massive- nice big tub to take a bath, separate spacious shower, his and her sinks, separate vanity area with a chair to do your makeup and hair, small TV and small separate room with the toilet.  The suite was split level, bed on top level and then a few steps down to the sunken living room area.  My only regret was I wasn't in the room long enough to fully enjoy it!  This is luxury at its finest.
This hotel is top notch. My stay here was on someone else's dime so I can't comment on whether you'll get your money's worth here, but I'll bet you do. Quick and dirty: . . - the King suite comes with a king size bed, attached palatial bathroom and sitting area. . . - did I mention the bathroom is big? Standing shower, oversized tub, enclosed commode with a door for conducting your business. . . - you can buy a day pass to the spa for $20. Do it. The steam room and dry sauna will make it worth the money. Or if you just like "Herbal Laconium" humid rooms. . . - killer views if you get a west or southwest-facing room. . . Note-worthy items in the sitting area: sectional couch in this sweet gold (velvety?) fabric and a leather rolling ottoman. The room also had a TV in every room and a small fridge with all your not-complimentary extras - booze, soda etc. . . Common knowledge but: you have 30 seconds to put down an item if you pick it up from the fridge and/or snack caddy above. After 30 seconds, it's yours so be sure you want it, because the small snacky items are $10 and up and it's not worth the money. I picked up the "Mixed Chocolates" box and found it contained about 10 peices of fun-size halloween-type candy. For $11. REALLY.  $8 for a 50 mL mini-bottle of Jack is a crime against humanity. Considering that's the extent of my complaints, not so bad. . . The shops around the hotel are a bit of a tourist trap and so are the slots (common knowledge again) but they're fun. I won $60 then proceeded to lose it in alarmingly quick fashion as well as... ahem... several more. Hilarious. . . Great restaurant selection around the Palazzo and Venetian and top-notch shopping if you've got a few thousand bucks to burn. Unfortunately I did not, but  window shopping is just as fun. If you're on a budget for your meals, the food court has decent (all things considered) prices and some healthier options for those of you who don't want to gain ten pounds while you're staying. . . TLDR:  Top-notch, comfy luxe rooms, great restaurant selection, awesome shopping. Don't go near the slots (free drinks if you do, though!)  or the refreshment items. DO check out Canaletto past the Gondola rides.
I've traveled to Vegas my entire life...from just playing  arcade games at CircusCircus when i was a child while my parents gamble until now...gambling alot myself! haha! . I've stayed at almost all the hotel properties and I have to say Palazzo has the best luxurious suites (this is their lowest room i'm talking about) that make my stay absolutely enjoyable! From nice flatscreen in the room and bathroom and a standup shower and a bath inside,  nice huge L shaped couch inside every suite, this is the place to choose undoubtedly !!! I Their sister property, Venetian is the bomb too but i prefer Palazzo!  A PLUS for me also with Palazzo.... the parking garage structure...they have two area in which you can park to just check in, then you can move your car where the casino is and the rooms are seriously so convenient. YES i'm lazy LOL!  Big Props to the Architect at Palazzo. Venetian...not so much....the rooms are too far for me! . . If you love to gamble, make sure to get a Grazie Card and rack up your points. I believe over the year if you earn 20,000 points at least., you will be upgraded from the purple card to the gold card. It's nice to be a Gold Vip member, because they have a special lounge that you and guest can relax on the comfy furniture, use their private bathroom, eat unlimited finger sandwiches, soup of the day, fruit and cheese galore. They have unlimited coffee, lemonade and tea for your enjoyment also.  This saves me 2-3 meals out of my stay in vegas which totally helps with costs! SO gamble here only... like I do LOL! They will also send you free  hotel weekend offers galore so you are saving already $600+ on a weekend for just the room.  I consider this hotel to be my second home. ..the BEST of the two fo sho!  :)
Hands down, my favorite hotel on the strip. Free wifi, huge rooms, friendly service, and great pools. . The shops are fabulous and it's all connected to the Venetian! . The VIP lounges are great for getting drinks and cheese, and they cater to your every whim! . Rooms are definitely pricey, but it's worth it because the ample square footage allows for a good amount of people to cram in. . :D
I stayed here for a trade show, since it was the closest hotel to the convention center.  Actually it's connected, but it's still a hike.  The rooms are like the Venetian, sunken in living room.  The rooms are large, the living area is large, and the bathroom is large.   One thing that made it a real plus is that they have a printer in the room.  That was a lifesaver! I was having difficulty connecting to the printer and IT department was very helpful.  For a Vegas resort/hotel, the service was EXCELLENT!  The only drawback was that about starting about from 7pm my room smelled like steak every night.  I spoke with the front desk and they said that was odd because my room wasn't near any restaurants.  My neighbor must had a hankering for steak every night.  Would I stay here again, yes.  Oh and they have both Illy and Lavazza coffee served here!
Great place to stay in Vegas!. We got a suite and was able to fit 12 people comfortably.. It came with a king size bed and a pull out bed.. The blankets on the bed were SO SOFT AND COMFORTABLE. I just wanted to melt into them.. The maids are super nice and brought us so many sets of towels and blankets. Sometimes, other hotels get stingy, but not here!. Prime location on the strip! Can walk to Encore Day Club, Grand Lux Cafe right downstairs, bunch of shops and enough gambling for your heart's desire!
STILL FANSTASIC!. We checked-in here,and went up to a Nice Asian Man Named "Minh".We asked for a higher floor and he gave us the 40th(Or 39th)Floor.We were upgraded to a higher floor at NO CHARGE!The View Isn't That Great,but at least we are on a high-floor room.You see the Wynn,Encore,and everything behind Wynn/Encore(Wynn Golf Course,Las Vegas Monorail Track,Wynn Staff Parking).. . The Room:Same as I Expected,but is starting to age quick(Check My Old Review). . NOTE:The room price is lowered from 210$ a night to 180$(150 For Venetian)
Sister hotel to Venetian...best size per square footage in clean and impressive rooms in LV.  We always go in a group, so we would get two beds and during the trip, we tend to meet "new friends".  All the rooms are suites so there is a giant living room w/ an L shaped sofa that is equivalent to the portion of your bedroom.  You can fit a family or at least a 3 couple orgy in there comfortably.
Our most recent visit to Las Vegas led us to the Palazzo (because we made reservations of course). We have stayed at the Venetian on several occasions, so we wanted to check out the Palazzo.  . . CHECK IN:. . Since we were "invited guests" the check in was fast and easy. The person who checked us in ( I forgot her name) was uncommonly friendly and made us feel as though they could not wait for us to check in.  We appreciated the staff member's professionalism.. . ROOMS:. . In regards to the room, it was clean, new, and large.  The suites are about 70 square feet larger than the Venetian rooms, and the Palazzo rooms are obviously newer.  No jab at the Venetian because those rooms are very nice as well.  Back to the Palazzo rooms: The beds were extremely comfortable for us, and the room setup was excellent.  Everything was very clean and well-maintained.   . . BARS AND LOUNGES:. . Each bar or lounge we visited was well-maintained, and the staff was very professional.  Many of the bartenders engaged us, and others, in conversation and made drink suggestions.  . . RESTAURANTS:. . We tried a few restaurants and received excellent service.  One of the resort perks was a coupon book that included drink coupons at the restaurants and other discounts in the Palazzo shops.  The staff was very friendly at each place where we redeemed coupons.  Specific reviews for locations within the Palazzo will be reviewed separately.. . POOLS:. . You can reach all of the Venetian and Palazzo pools within the same facility.  All of the pools and spas were clean and appeared well-maintained.  The grounds around the pools were beautiful, and the wait staff was attentive.. . HOUSEKEEPING:. . The housekeeping staff was friendly as well.  I forgot a couple of items, and the housekeeping staff provided me with items quickly and for free.  . . LOCATION:. . The location is outstanding.  It is located near Casino Royal, Harrahs, and the Wynn.  Many other casinos and hotels are nearby.. . By far, the Palazzo exceeded our expectations, and we look forward to return soon!
Wow!  . . My husband and I had a great time at this hotel and were extremely impressed with the niceness of the staff and the excellent room quality.  . . Splurge and get the strip view.  You won't regret it.  Also the rooms are huge and tastefully decorated.   The beds and linens are amazing.  There area also 3 flat screens in the room.  . . Plenty of great restaurants to choose from however we ended up eating most of our meals at the Grand Lux Cafe on the Venetian side.  . . We also suggest going very early to get a great spot at the Venetian pool (Palazzo guests are allowed go to the Venetian Pool).  The reason being is the Venetian pool gets sun earlier than the Palazzo.  Palazzo pool wouldn't get sun til about 2 pm.   The Venetian pool is also very big and deeper than the Palazzo options.  . . Got an excellent deal online for $800 for 4 nights.  Trust me it's worth the splurge.
I had my bachelorette party in Vegas at the end of June, and The Palazzo served as our home base for the weekend.  We wanted to stay somewhere decent but affordable, and Celina C. mentioned she'd stayed in a Palazzo suite for another bachelorette.  My maid of honor Melissa K. did some research and booked us a suite for two nights.  I never saw the bill (thank you girls, really, you are the best) but was assured that the rate was reasonable.. . It helped that there were nine of us staying in a one-room suite with two beds and a fold-out couch.  I'm not going to sit here and pretend that wasn't snug, but it wasn't uncomfortable either.  We brought one air mattress, and that was enough to ensure no one slept on the floor.  There was just the one bathroom, but we were all able to shower/get ready/use the toilet at the same time, at the small cost of our privacy.  Other than bedding and bathroom space, our suite didn't even feel crowded.  It was giant, with a comfortable sunken living room and a great view out the wide window.  We hung out in the hotel room a fair amount during our trip.  On our second night, we sat on the couches and played bachelorette party games.  The room was ideal for that kind of parlor gathering.  My friends even decorated it while two of them lured me away to gamble.  It was perfect.. . We didn't gamble much this trip, and that was probably for the best.  We did take advantage of some of the other attractions - we spent a day by the pool, and ate at Grand Lux and Sushi Samba.  Overall, it was an excellent weekend, and The Palazzo was a great choice for our stay.  I'd highly recommend it, whether you're traveling alone or with all of your closest friends.
I've stayed here for two or three of my vegas trips.  I've never had any issues and the Palazzo remains one of my favorite vegas spots.  Great location in Vegas as well.. . . HOTEL:. - Rooms are a good value; the pricing is fair and the rooms are quality rooms.. - Hotel is very nice; clean, spacious, and classy. . CASINO:. - Good size; enough tables . - Clean. - Good number or people playing at the tables (some casinos are dead and it sucks to gamble alone). . . PARKING:  . decent parking structure.  my overall feel is that it's not terribly easy to find parking here.  I did manage to find parking within 5 minutes but that one spot looked to be the only one open within any reasonable distance so I'm not sure.  The parking spot sizes were definitely spaced correctly so there isn't much worry about people opening their doors into your car.
This may be our new favorite hotel. We go to Vegas for shows and restaurants, not gambling. The Palazzo room was spectacular, in perfect shape and very comfortable (as well as enormous). We dined at Aquaknox, which was wonderful, and also had brunch at the Grand Luxe. The hotel is connected to all the wonders of The Venetian, so you could have a great vacation without ever leaving the building if you really wanted to.. . WiFi was "included" in the $25/day "resort fee" -- this is crazy, of course, but I guess it's what hotels do these days. Actually the WiFi was a bit slow considering what we were paying, but it did work. TVs worked great. I guess there where three of them...
I live in Henderson--just a few minutes away from the strip. Being a local, I barely visit the strip. I made the exception for my 21st birthday. I stayed at The Palazzo and when I walked in, I was met with elegance and beauty. The lobby was just spectacular and they had entertainers dressed up in bright costumes that was reminiscent of Carinvale in Venice. I mentioned that I was staying for my birthday and the front desk lady offered me a free upgrade to a view. I was in awe of what she did for me. We stayed on the 46th floor and that was the highest I have ever been inside of a hotel. I had a view of the Wynn golf course and the entire valley. I will stay here again, if I am ever on the strip. The suite was spacious, clean and beautiful. I loved the bathroom. I was okay with giving up the sunken living room for that view. All in all, I loved my stay here at the Venetian.
The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel on the northern side of the Vegas Strip with a gorgeous interior and wonderful rooms. It's the perfect place for those who want to splurge a little bit more on something fabulous for their stay.. . To start off with, the basic rooms are suites and everything is just so luxurious. We booked the standard room which came with two queen beds plus an additional sofa area with remote controlled window shade. Yeah, that was pretty awesome to wake up to. Just push a button from your bed and watch the drapes slowly part letting in the bright Vegas sun. I also loved the giant bathroom with jacuzzi tub and separate glass shower plus the flat screen in there. . . For the gamblers on here, their casino floor was also great too. I ended up winning over $300 at the craps $15 table within an hour and the dealers were so nice. Hell they were rooting for me, haha. And unlike some casinos it's not as much of a maze where you can constantly get lost... always a plus.. . On our Friday evening there, plans for a catered dinner fell through so we resorted to ordering room service from Palazzo. I must say it was the best room service food I have ever had. We ordered the bruschetta, Caesar salad, two pastas plus a chicken dish. The meal was served within 45 minutes and tasted so home made. Fresh butter, basil, Marzano tomatoes, al dente pasta, pork ragu- the works!!! This has definitely forever raised my standards for room service food! I couldn't get enough of the pasta and actually ate more of it when we came back that evening at 2 something in the morning. Yes it was still good and no I'm not worried about food poisoning. I also loved the bruschetta. Ok my mouth just filled up with saliva so I'm going to stop writing about it now.. . Overall a fabulous choice for my friend's bachelorette weekend. It was a real treat.. . Oh and thank you to the mysterious stranger who picked up the rest of our room charge. It was VERY much appreciated by all of us! :)
This hotel is soo nice! You walk in and are greeted by this extravagant fountain, and you just know that this place is luxurious! . . We stayed at the Palazzo for a weekend convention, which took place in the Sands Expo Center, located between the Venetian and Palazzo hotels. The hotel was decorated with the "Carnivale" theme, and there were lots of masked performers walking around to take pictures with. . . The suites are absolutely gorgeous and very spacious! There is a separate living room area with a desk, table, a large L shaped couch, and big TV. The view of the strip was amazing. The beds were comfortable too.  The curtains are remote controlled, so you don't even have to get out of bed to open and close them. . . The bathroom was very large with a big shower, a separate jacuzzi bathtub, and big sink and counter area. They even had a sitting area in front of a mirror. The toilet was located in a separate small room of the main bathroom, which is nice for privacy if you have friends who still need to use the bathroom to get ready. The shower is see through, and the bathroom doesn't have a lock that I saw, just a warning. . . Most of our meals were catered through the convention, so we didn't actually eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel apart from the food court in the Grand Canal Shoppes. But we passed a bunch of good looking restaurants on our way to the convention center. The catered food was very good though! . . The pool area is spectacular! They are pretty strict about checking room keys on the elevators and at the entrance, so don't forget yours! Guests have access to the pools at the Venetian as well, so there's almost like 10 to choose from. We didn't have any problem finding lounge chairs, even at peak times in the afternoon. The main Palazzo pool had a shallow area so you could lay back and lounge in the water while sipping your drink, a nice touch. . . The only negative that we experienced was that we could hear the Treasure Island pirate show from our room and it was quite loud, which might annoy some people if your room is facing the strip. . . This hotel is a splurge, but you definitely get what you pay for!
So I'll start this off by saying The Palazzo/The Venetian aren't stingy when it comes to comps for their gambling guests. My brother and I recently took advantage of one of those comp deals and I couldn't be happier! Three complimentary nights, 300 bucks in slot or table credits and, a $50 Amazon.com gift card, how could one resist?! They practically paid me to go! The rooms are great! I've read the other reviews about the old phones and fax machine, etc. but let's be honest, when you're in Vegas do you really give a shit about that stuff?! The beds are comfortable, the bathroom is huge, sunk in living room area with large, comfortable couches, the tv's are nice flatscreens with the one in the living room area having a dvd player hooked up to it. If having a in room coffee maker is a must for you though, this might not be the place for you as the rooms don't have them. If you gamble, The casino floor is great with a good variety of slots and tables, the Grazie club (the casino club card) is top notch! I stayed at the Venetian in December, signed up at that time and I've gotten at least 30 postcards offering free rooms with food and casino comps since signing up. If you've thought about these casinos stop thinking and just do it!
My sister and I were turning 30 and we knew we wanted to do it in Vegas.  A couple months to go, we turned to Hotwire and got an incredible deal on two suites at the Palazzo for a Saturday night.. . These rooms are HUGE.  I felt bad that there were only four of us and we were splitting two rooms... we could have easily shared one suite, as each of the rooms had a sofabed.. . The view from our room was not strip side, but it was still fantastic.  The rooms are very comfortable and the hotel staff made us feel very welcome and at home from start to finish.. . Would stay again!
I loved the luxurious Palazzo Hotel as it was worlds away from the overly glitzy reality of Las Vegas just outside and it treated me exceptionally well. I wasn't a big gambler nor was I there for  business/convention work. It was just me and my girlfriend before the week before Memorial Day and we wanted to relax.. . Entering the main hall of the front of the hotel reminded me of going to a museum or the opera in Europe as check in area was small by comparison and it was very easy. Once we got to our room on the 40th floor, we had a stunning Southeastern view of the Strip and the city and we found the best view was the room itself, which was lavishly appointed with two tv-s and marble fixtures. The sunken living room was also stunning as we hung out at night and watched movies when we were not out at events. . . What told me a lot about the hotel was that there were things missing that other places highlighted in their ways: no cheap buffets, no discount places, no "value-added" comps, and no shaggy hordes of people tied to slot machines all night. Omitting those things worked well to ensure one was getting a great venue, just like the sister hotel The Venetian it was attached to and the Encore on the other side. Nothing pretending... it was luxury.. . Besides the ornate and decorative style of the place, the people who worked there were very friendly and helpful. I have to make special mention of the Concierge Dept as they really guided us to the best of Las Vegas that the average tourist might miss. They set us up with reservations all over the city and we had a wonderful time.We talked about what we wanted and they made the plan work. It didn't matter to them if the place we visited was in their area or hotel.. . We did crazy things like driving Aston Martins at Exotic Racing and learning how the US Marines put pressure on the Taliban with a SAW (Squad Automatic Weapon) at a gun range. Our travels took us to the Encore hotel next door, which was strangely opulent, but a sight to be seen.. . Most of the restaurants we loved were in The Palazzo or The Venetian complex, but we also went to Paris as well as to the old-school Stratosphere restaurant over looking the city. Each of the ones I will note are practically must visits, if you stay this hotel:. . Thomas Keller's "Bouchon"-outstanding French restaurant on the Venetian's 10th floor. Go to breakfast there at least once, you will not forget it.. Wolfgang Puck's "Cut"-steak with innovative dishes and atmosphere.. Morels-European luxury, awesome breakfast.. Grimaldi's Pizza-a real slice of NY style pizza. . There were many others that it would take me a month just to visit all of them.. . My girlfriend and I also spent a half day in the Canyon Ranch Spa, between The Palazzo and The Venetian, near the end of our stay and I think that was an error. It was so good, we should have been there the first day and everyday afterwards. There are girl's and guy's sections, but we managed to see each other for the couples massage, which was so good to us.. . One of the keys to staying at The Palazzo is knowing there is a great Walgreens attached to it with a full craft beer selection, drug store, mixers, sandwiches, and chips, but one has to go out side and around the balcony or corner to find it. We stocked up on supplies to ad to our mini-fridge for the times we spent hanging out watching movies together.. . I should note I enjoyed gambling here as I love to play "Craps" because the action is fast, the House has only a slight edge, and the rewards can be great, if you stay focused.. . I look forward to returning to The Palazzo again in the future as it presented real luxury in a town where surrealism is the soup of the day.
Came into town Friday night for a Bachelor/Birthday Celebration. It was my friends birthday and we made sure to tell the guy at check-in. He ended up moving us to a Strip View Bella Suite on the 42nd Floor, it was quite epic. 2 level room, 3 TV's and a great view of the pirate show at TI. . . Great Hotel, nice people, good times.
Awesome suite, view was not great but still great room, nice staff and got it for a STEAL online.  Right near everything, and VERY family friendly even though I did not take anyone with me.. . The surcharge for the resort is high but you get that at all those 4-5 star hotels so good luck trying to avoid that but you should budget for that per night.
We came here for a guys trip and it was even better then we thought it could be. The hotel is simply amazing, I don't know if I can stay anywhere else on the strip anymore after being spoiled at the Palazzo. . . We got the Bella Suite. The rooms are over the top, you are definitely getting your money's worth. We had 2 rooms (joined together) and the rooms were spotless, great decor throughout, amazing sitting area with a view I can only describe as EPIC and even remote controlled blinds. We had 3 TV's in each room - one near the beds, one near the sitting area, and one in the bathroom. Oh and the rooms are massive. You can easily sleep 6 if you really wanted to - 2 on each bed and 2 on the large sectional sofa (which is also a pull out bed). . . There's a lot of other great stuff, but you can see all the reviews here for more - I say just go for it, stay at the Palazzo.
Look no further!!! I just spent my bachelorette weekend at the Palazzo and it's the perfect hotel for a girl's (or guys) weekend!. .  The suites are huge. There were 6 of us in a Bella suite with room to spare and an amazing view on the 41st floor. The bathrooms are very big and the shower tub and sinks are all separate from the toilet. There are mirrors everywhere and the rooms are beautiful as is the hotel itself. . . The floor we were on was very quiet and clean and all of the hotel staff gave us unparalleled service and good attitudes. The front desk, security guards, valets, housekeeping, EVERYONE was so nice and friendly. We spent $150 in room service our first night and for the rest of the weekend, all the room service was 50% off. For those of you on the go, the in-suite dining is a really good option. . . The palazzo is a great location on the strip, near a lot of other hotels. Our cab rides to the other casinos and hotels were all less than 10$. The fashion show mall is within walking distance.
I have stayed in almost every hotel on the strip and The Palazzo has become my favorite. Comparing this place to top resorts like The Cosmo, Aria, Caesars, and Wynn, I always find my experience here & at The Venetian most pleasing.. . The reasons why they won me over... . ROOM: there are definitely some amazing suites at other hotels but i'm just comparing the basic rooms... besides being gigantic, the decor is very elegant and is always clean. The spacious layout with all the furniture can accommodate a good amount of friends.. . HOTEL: the luxurious feel without being over-the-top classy. Beautiful decorations in both Palazzo and Venetian, with rotating themes throughout the year. One of the best hotel scents.. you can stay around the casino all day and you won't reek of cigarette smell.. . CASINO: I love the small square layout of the casino area. It's very wide and easy to navigate around. The atmosphere is a bit on the calmer side but can still be loud at night.. . LOCATION: it is a walk away from the wild and crazy heart of the strip. You can party hard without having to travel far.. but you can also stay in the hotel and have a classy, medium-crazy time. Sometimes you may need a break from the real Vegas and just need to relax.. . This place is definitely my #1. Next in line:. 2) tie- Aria, Cosmopolitan. 3) Caesars Palace. 4) Mandalay Bay. 5) Paris
Another five star Vegas hotel. Beautiful rooms.way too many restaurants to choose from. Shoppes everywhere. Great casino. Overall, a great Vegas resort hotel. I would recommend you stay at the Palazzo rather than the Venetian. I like the Palazzo better.
5 start service. *clean. *friendly. *VIP Amenities are awesome. *Lagassie's Sports Bar is the BEST!!! (huge huge huge screens to watch your fav games & eat amazing BAM! food and gamble too! (private rooms available)
Definitely of the best hotels I've stayed in.  It is one of the best home bases you can ask for.  If I didn't have this insane love for the Cosmopolitan, I would have no problem staying at the Palazzo every time I came to Vegas.. . Even for the lowest-level suite at the hotel, it's pretty amazing.  The bed area has these super luxurious beds with mood lighting and drapes.  You can easily sit back because of the comfort padding and watch TV from there.  There's a sunken living room area that has a large L-shaped couch (with a pullout bed if necessary), a coffee table, a small dining table, and a fax machine/printer (if I actually needed to use it).  The curtains are remote-controlled, so it negates figuring out how to close the blinds when you need to live like a vampire after clubbing the night before.  Plus the windows are huge, perfect for a Strip view.  The room is easily capable of fitting six people comfortably.. . The bathroom is the one that you wish you had at home.. Two sinks, a small flatscreen TV, a large bathtub, a separate glass shower, and a toilet with a separate door (in case you have multiple occupants of the room that need to get ready at once).  And for the ladies, yes, there is a makeup mirror.. . As for the hotel, you just know you're dealing with another level of class as soon as you walk in.  The opening corridor leads you to this massive statue (and hey, Lavo is right there too!).  Then once you walk into the casino, they kept the main walkway so wide that you could fit three elephants down it.  And it made for easy access to our rooms was very welcome...just walk straight.  It's seriously dumbproof.  Also appreciate that the ventilation was squared away, because I'm sick of going into casinos where you end up smelling like smoke if you stay there too long.. . Food options are plentiful.  You have Grand Lux Cafe, you have Palazzo's line of 2nd floor shops (I really need to try to Sushi Samba), and because it's connected to Venetian you can go to the Grand Canal Shoppes' food court for cheaper options.. . Best part though?  The Walgreens right next to it.  I have no idea how Walgreens got prime territory on the Strip, but I am extremely appreciate of it.  Especially when I needed some pick me up food in the morning.. . Considering the price of the hotel on Labor Day Weekend and my experiences, I would have absolutely no hesitation staying here again.
I'm completely in love with this hotel!!. . This trip was my first time in Vegas and we did it right... I got spoiled.  I will never want to stay anywhere else.. . The room is simply FANTASTIC! The sunken living room is a nice bonus.  We were lucky enough to get a room on a higher floor and we had a beautiful view.. . The best part about the room is the bathroom.  Oh... my... I wanted to live in the bathroom.  In fact, my husband and I liked the bathroom so much, we kept taking measurements and notes to see if we could implement similar changes to our bathroom at home.  I mean... who doesn't like having a TV in the bathroom that you can watch while you shower??  The toilet had a separate little room... just like at home!. . Hotel amenities: the gym is expensive in my opinion: $20 for a day pass seems steep.  I did fork up the money for one day and took a yoga class.  The nice thing about the $20 day pass is that you can take advantage of ALL the spa and gym features, including spa tubs, rock climbing wall, fitness classes, etc.. . The pool area was really nice.  I liked the blackjack tables right by the pool.  It was a very nice atmosphere.  The service at the pool is fantastic, but the drinks are pretty steep.. . The casino floor: it's nicer than your average casino.  I like the tall ceilings, which makes it feel light and bright (some other casinos seem dingy in comparison).. . Of course, there are plenty of stores, plenty of restaurants (I think I counted 37...??).. . Of course, it's connected to the Venetian, so you have easy access to the gondolas and the Grand Canale shops, which are pretty amazing.. . While I really have nothing to compare it to, it would be difficult to beat my experience here at The Palazzo!
Staying at The Palazzo makes me want to come to Vegas more often.. . * Huge room with sunken living room, desk with a fax machine, a big sectional sofa & a round dining table with 3 chairs. * Great views of Treasure Island across the street (and the fireworks at the end of the show) & the mountains in the distance. * Three TVs (living room, by the bed, & in the bathroom). * Big jacuzzi bathtub & separate shower stall. * Private-feeling door-ed off toilet enclosure . * Vanity table in bathroom & double sinks. * Bathrobes & slippers in the closet. * Remote controlled window shade & drapes. * Refrigerator (note: it's stocked with stuff that, if you move any of it, adds charges to the room). * Easy walking to shops & restaurants as well as bars & the casinos on both The Palazzo & The Venetian sides. * A Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf just downstairs. * Gracious & friendly service throughout the hotel. * Free wifi. . My one suggestion would be to offer more outlets next to the bed.  Why don't all hotels just use bedside lamps that have outlets in their bases?  Regardless, this has definitely been my fave Vegas hotel experience!
I love the Palazzo.  Its at the perfect location with everything you need inside this huge casino. From great restaurants to very large rooms. We always get the Bella suite and we can comfortably fit.  The canyon ranch spa is nice place to unwind after a long weekend of crazy!  Back soon!
We just recently stayed at the Palazzo on Wednesday and Thursday night, 10-9 and 10-10.   We got very decent rates directly at Palazzo's reservation site, so we decided to try it.   Parking is fairly simple and it's a short walk and elevator ride to the front desk from where we parked in their parking garage.  The check-in line was only about 10 minutes long to checkin and the front desk person was very polite and cheerful.   They had plenty of staff checking people in even though it was a weekday.   Our room(more like a suite) was beautiful.   It's probably one of the nicest rooms in all of Vegas.   Huge and just gorgeous.  We did find a little bit of sand on one of the arms of our couch, and there was a little dust on part of the work/computer desk, but other than that the room was flawless and the bed was very comfortable.  Probably one of our favorite parts about this hotel+casino is that the walk from your room, to the elevator, through the casino, and out to the strip is fairly short.  Most other casinos create a mile-long maze and/or have a huge setback from the actual strip, but this place is much more convenient.   There were no billing issues during our stay.   They give you some coupons for some discounts and freebies, but we didn't take advantage of any of those.  Overall, very very happy with our stay and we'll be back.
Beautiful. Everything is beautiful here, very nicely done. Rooms are large, suites are larger, maid service excellent, room service is pretty awesome as well.. . Right across from the mall! Danger Will Robinson! The shopping in the Palazzo is pretty top notch as well.. . Shop around for deals, they are out there (room rates for un booked rooms) is the way to go, if you can.
Best hotel on the strip hands down (yes above Wynn...). Largest standard rooms in the city. Beautiful views. Gorgeous lobby. High ceilings. Easy access and parking. Premium restaurants. Great shops. So much space to take walks and explore. Just a fun hotel and a clean area of the strip. I suggest upgrading to their concierge level called Prestige!
I cannot say enough wonderful things about this hotel, I have gone to Las Vegas more time then I can count for both business and pleasure - and this trip (for pleasure) certainly raised the bar for any other hotel there.. . Get the the concierge level. (so worth it!) . -Starts with by-passing the regular check-in and heading directly to the 23rd floor where you are met with smiles And a glass of champagne, and then checked in within moments of arriving.  If your room isn't ready yet-you are escorted into the palatial club room, where all day softdrinks, coffee & snacks are available (yes free), a FULL breakfast is served in the morning and hors d'oeuvre and drinks (yes alcoholic) still FREE. Did I say hors d'oeuvres? I meant (MEALS) because what they serve IS good (and plentiful) enough for a meal, i.e. caviar, calamari, chicken, and so much more(not just chips & dip here). The rooms are incredibly beautiful, a bath to die for, views beyond what you would expect.  . There are many different pool area's -most of which play music and every  type of music - just choose.  (My brother and wife enjoyed the Techno music area - I on the other hand moved to the pool with some soft rock to enjoy my say of sun.  There are jacuzzi's at every turn (so no waiting, no sitting in jam packed jacuzzi's here.). . The Casino is beautiful, as most are in Las Vegas, the restaurants as well (though being there for the weekend - we actually filled up on the full breakfast and the enormous cocktail hour and with the exception of one night - we did not even Go and spend $ eating out.  We did however, grab a pizza downstairs (yummy and brought it up to the room and considering the L shaped couch AND the full table and chairs in the suite offered more room to dine than any restaurant...and did I mention the birds eye view of TI pirate show And the Mirage Volcano from our suite?  We HAD the restaurant with the best view just being in our suite!. . Service, Service, Service at every turn.  . . From the moment began searching reviews on this location and saw the head of Operations herself respond to most of all the comments with a "Thank you for staying", "please come back", etc....I was impressed...and so much more so once I arrived.  I left feeling as if I had a week long vacation and was pampered from the moment I arrived until the moment I checked out. This hotel is beautiful in every aspect and carries with it the amazing guest services from the Venetian - and goes Beyond...I felt relaxed, 'special', excited and enjoyed every moment.. . I saw nothing but smiles from every person working there, and friendly (not the frozen smile of some hotels) the concierge level-is even more so in that they cater to your every need within moments of asking for what you need/or want. (did I mention they sent up Birthday cakes for my Mom and Brothers Birthday?! did I mention the Chocolates on your pillow are actually displayed and given in beautiful satin bags? Wow! Every little touch of this hotel is FOR YOU and you feel it the moment you arrive!. Amazing stay - Thank you PALAZZO and thank you to Kristen Diamond, Operations for caring about the guests that stay there!. Viva Las Vegas - Viva Palazzo!
Time for a review update.  This place continues to deliver the goods and should be recognized for it.  All of my comments on my prior review are still valid.  In addition to them, here are some additional reasons why I love this place:. . + It's very convenient if you're attending a conference at the Sands Expo Center.. . + The suites are awesome here.  Very large and comfortable.. . + The cabanas at the pool are very large and comfortable.  Perfect for groups who want to hang out and lounge all day.. . Overall, it's one of my favorite places in Vegas.. . Return Factor - 100%
If you can afford it the rooms are well worth the money. Absolutely amazing. I never thought I'd need three televisions in my room, including the bathroom, but now I see why.
If yougave this hotel a negative review you are obviously impossible to please. This place is amazing. Everything from the rooms to the service wowed me. To be fair i booked this hotel at a very discounted rate, i normally dont spend anywhere near what the palazzo charges a night but i lucked out. Glad i did. Honestly this hotel is worth what they charge. Rooms were clean and elegant, the check in process was smooth and seamless, we were given a high floor with a strip view as well!! The restaurants were delicious. Maybe I'm easily impressed but the room was just amazing. 3 tvs, huge living area, comfortable beds, amazing bathroom, those blinds you control with a remote....and on and on. It is a bit further north on the strip but we were fine walking. Shuttle to the airport runs seven buck a piece each way and makes only one other stop which was right next door at the venetian. If you are looking for luxury this is the place. I cant wait to return.
LA LA LA LOVE THEIR ROOOMS! Definetly tops the Cosmo but i love the Cosmo due to their open patio.
I've stayed here a number of times.  The rooms are really nice.  It's always convenient to have an extended room...extra space where people can sleep on the couch/pull-out.  There's also a table where you can do work if needed as well as a desk.  The only thing I don't like about this place is that the bathrooms don't have any sort of covor for the glass walls for the shower.  So that means, when someone showers, everyone has to get out and stay out til that person is finished...unless that person is very comfortable in front of everyone naked hahaha
Oh Palazzo, you romance with me your beautiful high ceilings, large spacious and modern rooms and a lavish pool to top it off.  . . A group of us booked 2 suites here for Halloween celebration last weekend. The rooms were definitely spacious, and can hold up to 6 people per room if you get the Bella Queens (2 queens plus a pullout couch bed).  The rooms here are twice as spacious as other hotels, about 970 sq feet.  The decor is modern, clean, luxurious.  I felt like such a princess staying here.. . I heard about tipping to get an upgrade and when I was checking in, I held a $20 bill in front of my credit card at the desk.  I asked about any possible upgrades and she said they were $45 per room (we had 2 rooms).  Then she said, oh, I'll upgrade you to strip view.  When I asked if there is an extra charge, she said no, with a smile.  I slippedher the $20 and she said thank you and put it under her keyboard.  Score!. . Our view on the 21st floor was breath-taking.  I loved that we got connecting rooms for $11.20 more.  I think it's a bit ridiculous to charge a connecting room guarantee fee but since we got upgraded for such a little amount, I am not complaining.. . It amazes me that this hotel is so well ventilated that I didn't smell any smoke unless I was down in the casino floors.  I also love it's so close to the Wynn since that's one of my favorite hotels in Vegas because of how beautiful it is.. . I'd love to come back and stay a few more nights next time.
As a frequent international traveler, I've stayed in some of the finest Intercontinental Hotels for free in Istanbul, Hong Kong, Paris, Vienna, Sydney, etc.  And The Palazzo is my favorite 5-star Intercontinental Hotel in Las Vegas. As a heavy business traveler, I switched my allegiance from Hilton Hotels once The Palazzo became an Intercontinental Hotel property a few years ago so I could use reward points to always stay free. There is a separate check-in desk for The Palazzo & IHG Elite Rewards members which allows us members to bypass the regular front check-in desk with normal waiting queue 30 people deep.  This is incredibly helpful when checking in on busy Friday evenings and really makes you feel elite walking past all those poor people stuck in a long line.  Achieving Elite Rewards status should come with great perks!  Customer service, room and maid service are excellent.  I'm always provided with free massive Bella Suite on 22nd floor with complimentary upgrade to Strip view, and automatic late 2pm checkout.  Don't cheapen out - you should pay for a room with Strip view because it's worth the cost.  The decor is luxurious and modern.  I love the marble bathroom floors.  I enjoy laying on the huge couch pressing the remote to open/close the drapes, and raise/lower the fabric sunshade.  Oh, the little thrills in life.  I love using the large fitness center and numerous fabulous pool/hot tub areas.  The Azure pool club has great dance music and atmosphere.  The casino and shops are beautiful and very convenient.  There are terrific restaurants such as Delmonico Steakhouse owned by Emeril Lagasse.  I also enjoy venturing to the Palazzo's 5-star sister resort next door The Venetian via connected walkway to roll some dice.  You can't miss whether you stay at The Palazzo or the Venetian, but you can get lost within these massive luxury hotels.
I had a really nice stay at the Palazzo. The rooms are ample and beautifully appointed.. The Palazzo is attached to The Venetian and they share 7 pools and several restaurants.. Valet is free like every other hotel in Vegas. . I accrue points at IHG and they are part of it so if you are a Priority Club elite member, you have a special check-in desk and will give you an upgrade.. I would stay there again and highly recommend it.
This hotel earned a 5 star yelp review from me and my family. Not one complaint very high end. Will definitely stay there again!
What a beautiful location! It's actually very much like the Venetian in Macau.. . The shops are beautiful and spread out. Even the jewelry stores make you feel like you should stop and take pictures.. . There are about 27 restaurants and if you take your time you will find some real great locations.. . Have fun! You won't be disappointed.
Hands down, my FAVORITE hotel on the strip!!! I'm spoiled by this hotel and it is the only place I want to stay when I go to Vegas! I have stayed at nearly every hotel on the strip, including Wynn and Encore and I think the rooms here are the best.This hotel is beautiful, upscale, and will wow you away with all the lovely Italian decor. I'm reminded of Venice when I come here... except it's much cleaner, lol. Venetian is the original building, while Palazzo is the new building. I've stayed at rooms at both. Rooms in the Palazzo are slighty larger, about 750 square feet, compared to 700 square feet for a standard room at The Venetian. Standard rooms include a living area and THREE TV's! One TV in the "bedroom", another in the "living room" and another in the bathroom. Living rooms also include a sofa that is actually a sofa bed. What I do not like, is that the cost of a 1 king bed and 2 queen beds are different prices, about $20 difference. If you are pleasant at check in, they may give you a complimentary room upgrade :). . Anyways, I think this hotel has it all... except for the Vegas buffet!! LOL. Anyways, I always LOVE the decor here. There is a beautiful shopping area upstairs, with a gondola outside and inside the hotel. The people on the gondolas will sing... it seems very romantic, and hopefully, one day a guy will take me on it. It's kind of pricey though, about $30 a person, but you can get discounts. The stores are a mix of affordable and higher end stores, so shopping here is quite reasonable. There are also a variety places to eat from casual cheaper food court type places to high end restaurants. The only eatery missing is a buffet!. . The club Tao is also found here and it is also beautiful in there. It is located on the second floor of shopping and the club is 3 stories high including a rooftop pool area, which I like the best because I like to be out in the open at clubs. In the summer, it is also a dayclub called Tao Beach. You can also eat and Asian Fusion dinner at Tao and the first floor is actually a more lounge-like atmosphere. I would say that the club here ranks after XS at Encore however, which happens to be my favorite club in Vegas. But if you are staying at the Venetian, there is a separate entry line and you can get free entry passes from the conceirge desk. . . They also have a spa here, with fitness facility that includes rock climbing. using spa facilities will be $25 if you are staying at either the Venetian or Palazzo and about $40 if you are not. . . Lots of fun events ensue here. They have Carnivale in the fall and Winter in Venice in the winter. During both events, there are special performers, singers, and special decoration. I love the Winter in Venice decoration! It is just breathtaking beautiful!! During the winter, also if you gamble and earn enough points, you are invited to attend their Grazie Gifts Extravaganza. Trust me, compared to other hotels, they go all out for this. It is literally like shopping at a store. You check in and then go to another room to "shop". Write down what items you want, go check out and they will call you when they have your stuff pulled up and ready for you. While you are waiting, there is water, hot cider, hot cocoa, tea and coffee. It was my first time this year going and I can't wait for it next year!! Other hotels, it's just a computer that you order from.... . The main difference between Palazzo and Venetian is that the Palazzo has a non-smoking gambling section and that the rooms are a bit bigger. Price of the rooms are the same at either one. I suggest getting a Grazie card and using it to earn points! That's how I get my rooms comped here!! Wi-fi here is included in the room resort fee... just connect to it! Very easy!. . Stay here! You won't be disappointed!! I can't wait to go back ... and I just left yesterday!!!
Great hotel, awesome rooms and wonderful service. The lounge at the top was great, can't wait to go back!
Out of the hotels I've stayed in Vegas - I really think this is my favorite hotel.. . Why?. The Bella suites are awesome! In both the Palazzo and Venetian! It's two queen beds, a pull out couch, a seating area,and a great bathroom. Their bath products are ok, but who really cares about that? So you can really cram a bunch of people here. We got two bella suites next to each other. And you know what? We all fit and everyone had a bed. It was frigging awesome!!. . There are four or five different pools that you can go to. The largest one is right next to Tao beach where you can hear the music, but not pay for the entrance (except I've gotten in on guest list), and not deal with the hellish drink line. There are pools that are closer to Palazzo or Venetian, but since it's a shared property, you can go to either one. Just make sure that you have your key card. You get asked EVERYWHERE to show your card. I guess people try to sneak in or something. hah...... . Easy check-in, check-out.. . Easy access to Encore/Wynn for XS, Surrender, Tryst, Encore Beach club. . . Look out for deals on Jetsetter, their website, and a few different voucher sites for better deals. . . I do wish they had a fridge in the room - but it's ok, there are ice machines.
The Palazzo is almost like my second home.  No not really but if I were to have a place in the strip this would be the place! . . The hotel is beautiful and their service is excellent, it's a palacial setup with extraordinary decor, it's very comfortable and inviting.  It's not an uber large hotel/casino with plenty of free space and less crowds.   . . The location makes this place a great destination for it's located near the casinos and shows we like to visit.  . . They have some excellent restaurants and shops between the Palazzo and the Venetian.   We like how the two are tied together.  We've stayed at the Venetian but prefer the rooms and service at the Palazzo.    . . The service is amazing.  They are very accommodating and they will find a way to make your trip even more enjoyable.   . . This is a fabulous hotel and casino.  They are well worth the money and if you gamble to May even get a night comped.   I'm looking forward to see you at the tables here in the Palazzo!
Stayed here for the second time while on a business trip. I doubt I could afford to stay here if the boss wasn't paying for it. This place is amazing. Great rooms, service that goes above and beyond. I've never had a complaint here. Given the chance, this is my choice of resorts on the strip.
Stood here on a few occasions.  Always have a great time here.  I have nothing bad to say.  Friendly staff and always an easy check in and out.  Super cool bell hop dudes. Always enjoy talking to those guys.  Rooms are always top notch!
Another great experience at the Palazzo. I prefer it over the Venetian when it comes to the hotel, but the casino is a bit lacking.  It just isn't very big.  Over my 3 day stay here I only saw 1 hand pay but the place never really got that busy.  Great options for food/shopping within walking distance at the shops or across the street at the Fashion Show Mall.
We had one night to stay in Vegas.  As a Platinum Ambassador with IHG, the choice was simple:  the Palazzo.  I made reservations via my Smartphone and got a good rate for a regular suite.. . Check-in was a breeze and we were given the complimentary upgrade associated with my IHG status.  We were also given a special app to download on our phones that gave discounts through the Palazzo/Venetian complex. Also, it was beautifully decorated for the holidays, which made it that much more special!. . Our room was massive; much more than two people need as there were 3 TVs!  Our room overlooked the strip and afforded amazing views of the mountains beyond the strip too.  I sat in the window and just looked out for quite awhile.  Security is also noteworthy, as only guests are allowed past a certain point, which made me feel super safe. . . The bed was amazing, and kudos to the bathroom set-up.  I loved having a vanity and the bathtub was sublime.  Our A/C was easy to use and our room was very comfortable and luxurious.  . . I loved being connected to the Venetian.  Again, having one night only in Vegas, we decided to stick to the complex for meals and entertainment.  We mostly gambled in the Venetian, as the casino there seemed larger (and had the Deal or No Deal machine I was scouting out).  We also ate over on that side at Bouchon and Otto Enoteca.  We did take breakfast at Canyon Ranch Grill, which was amazing. . . Service was snappy and friendly and I also appreciated the airport shuttle (faaaaaaaaaaaaar cheaper than the taxi and with a friendly, informative driver too!).  Loads of perks to stay here - just ask about them all!  Highly recommend!
I stayed here with my family in my first ever Vegas vacation.  The entire room is gorgeous inside and slept comfortably in the futon.  The bathroom was incredibly nice and it has a TV so you can watch your favorite shows while taking a crap.
Simply beautiful, a real treasure to visit. Make sure you see the special show in the shopping area.
