Most of the time I come to Vegas I stay at Luxor because I the price isn't too high, they don't charge from extra guest, it's on the strip, modern, has 2 clubs, a bunch of exhibits, cars, restaurant, shows and a big casino floor.  The rooms are spacious and has a nice shower.  The TV aren't to fancy, but we have a great view of the strip. The guest service is great, but the valet gets a little bossy at times.
NOTE TO READER:. The Luxor is a great place to go if you want Vegas, but on a budget. Do not expect the Luxor to be a low priced but with Bellagio or MGM Grand standards...its not gonna happen. It Just a great place in Vegas for the price. . . Pro:. huge suite in the east tower. Monstrous bathroom. Wired Internet . Spacious casino. Home of LAX. Home of Cathouse. Two bar/lounges (Aurora and Liquidity). Food court . Helpful staff. Nuture Spa and Salon is wonderful. Pretty pool area. Nice tables. Vast Parking. Room service. Nice concierge. Clean, open casino. hotel is easy to navigate. 2 exhibits and four shows.. 2 or 3 sit down resturants. . Cons: . None of the ATMs accept deposits. . No WiFi. . The breakdown of my trip:. I stayed in the a Tower Luxury Suite in the East Tower. It was nice and worth the extra $$$. Why go to Vegas and stay in a room that reminds you of your bedroom? Bathroom was large. But I have seen the Tower Premier Suites and yes they are bigger, but they are also more $$$. Jet tub and big shower.. . The Tower Luxury Suite looks just like it does on the website, minus the flowers. There was no Flatscreen, but that didn't bother me since I didn't spend that much time in my room anyway. The room comes with a fridge and a nice sitting area. That fridge came in handy.  The carpet was clean. The fridge was clean. The bathroom was kept clean during my entire visit. . . All in all, I don't see why people are talking bad about this place. I mean yeah, the MGM grand has more amenities, but the prices are high, the service is bad and the rooms are not as clean as they should be. I guess people downplay the Luxor because its been there for a while and people don't think its hot enough...Whatever I thought it was great.
What Jessica R. said.. . We've been coming to Las Vegas now about 5 times since 2006, our last visit was from 4/3 to 4/8.  Every time except once we've stayed at the Luxor and it rates 5 stars from me because we DO keep going back.  Why?. . -Reasonable room rates, even with upgrade to Tower Deluxe room which we always do as I just LOVE the separate bathtub/shower. -So you don't get a good view of the Strip.  Big deal.  Walk outside.  I'm just happy my curtains close properly & the room is dark for sleeping. . -I've always sleep really well and have not yet had a problem with noise.. -No coffee pot? no fridge?  no shampoo?  Bring your own.  I think in Vegas most hotels don't put those in the standard rooms as... it's Vegas - they want you to get out of your room, eat in their restaurant downstairs & buy their spa products.  But if you call housekeeping, the staff wil gladly give you any shampoo, etc that you need. -Yeah, it is south of the other hotels on the Strip, but welike to walk (gives us something to do 'cause we don't gamble. hehe) or take the bus if needed.  Never had a problem getting to or from a show.. -good access via the walkway to Mandalay Bay.  Nice bars and restaurants.  Speaking of.... -Just love T&T (Tacos & Tequilas) in the Luxor's Atrium. High quality Mexican food and the drinks will make you very happy.. -Fantasy is the best stripshow we've seen.  The girls are terrific dancers, their lovely host can sing and is funny, comedian Sean is a riot.  I'm just sayin'.. . It's a decent hotel that get's overlooked, but that's the way it is.  Over the years we've had a few problems (missing TV remote, hate the resort fee that's tacked on for services we do not use) but never had any charges on our bill that were wrong.  Friendly helpful staff.  That's all, folks.
Nice inexpensive place to stay. Looks awesome at night from the outside.. . Rooms were clean. The view was awesome from our room.
I Stayed at Tower Deluxe Queen Room It had clean room, nice pool, quick check inn and out, great restroom, great price, every morning had new towels, toilet paper and shampoo. Bad thing about it is kind of far from the center of the Vegas strip, and older crowd seems to hang out at the Luxor  saw a 80 year old in a 2 piece bikini with every part of her body going south, there's not to many great places to eat but the Luxor  is connected to the Excalibur which has more restaurants and bars . Overall great hotel for the price!
I got a free upgrade to a suite :) .... But no wireless ... The rest ... well It was nice :)
Room wasn't ready when we came but can't blame them for that it's a busy hotel, check-in in august looks like ques at the airport, so they gave us another one. We stayed at Tower Luxury Suite and enjoyed it!
It was New Years Eve and we needed a place to Parte' with the Strip closed down for the fireworks show what were we to do??? After driving around for an hour being turned away by countless hotels for not staying there... . . ...It hit me and then like a Vision from Anubis... The Light of the Luxor!!! We pull in like we are staying there hoping that they are not running the names off a list... We start the approach... There is an older gentlemen in a vest waving us toward him, and he asks with a clipboard in his hand are you guys guests of the hotel? "Mary says No we are here to see the fireworks"..... Helooks at us and says pull forward to the VIP section and be sure to Tip VIP!!!! I am like F@#& Yeah!!! . . Pulling forward another guy asks can I help you??? Of course do as we are told right??? I say were VIP & he looks at the car paused for a moment and says Ok move forward... Now understand that we are not driving the  2010 Lexus GS350 it was at home instead we drove too Vegas in the 2002 Camry Se for Gas Mileage so when we said VIP the guy probable thought yeah right... :). . Forward we move right to the front of the Hotel... When I say front I mean the car was parked 10ft. from the glass doors.... We stopped the car.... handed the keys to the Valet and passed him a Benji $$$... CHA CHING!!!! We were in!!!! . . The hours that passed were reflected in the pictures we posted... Plenty of Beer lots of Gambling & Rocking the New Year with My Baby Mary V.. . Happy New Year Yelper's
Stayed in the pyramid, strongly suggest. Rooms were granite/tile/nice wood. Classy art on the walls and nice headboards and a nice flat screen. For 30$ extras we got to check in at 9 and out a3 the fallowing day which saved us paying for a second night. Staff was knowledgeable and the casino was great, really good sports betting/watching area.  Only complaint was the service elevator (the closest one to our room) which they told us to use smelled like eggs the whole time it was very strange.
Loved it here! It was really cheap & nice for the amount we paid. The showers were really nice in the pyramid rooms. & it was so nice to have LAX right down stairs. We went there our first night & had a great time. The music was the best we heard all weekend. The casino was pretty cool. I'm pretty sure I spent more time there than my room. There was a steady flow of people all night. For what I paid I was definitely satisfied & would stay again.
unlike most of the reviews before we didn't encounter any issues with the room or service or staff... we lived in the pyramid.. . the room we lived in was always kept clean and tidy.. the check in was quick and easy. same as check out.. . we spent some great time at the pool and the casino of the hotel and everywhere we encountered a very good service and friendly personnel.. . it's located at the end of the strip but all the linking connections and some connecting trams make it pretty easy to walk around or you can just stay on the territory of the hotel it pretty much has it all - casinos, food court, pool and shots... isn't that's what you're looking for in vegas?
For the prices Luxor offers a stay at,  you can't beat it. We stayed in the tower in a regular room with 2 queen beds, a flat screen and a jacuzzi. Friends that stayed in the pyramid had a great room as well, but ours was a bit nicer I think. . . I did not know what to expect from the exhibits at Luxor but all I can say is.. WOW. Totally worth the money to go into Bodies and Titanic. Totally different experiences in each but both are mind blowing I don't want to ruin anything for anyone just go see them. We had a chance to see Criss Angel as well.. Cool show, I am still trying to figure out some of the tricks.. . Aurora and Flight, the bars in the casino were a great hang for mid day. They have happy hour specials or you can check in on Foursquare and your first drink is buy one get one. Great deal and the bartenders were awesome. They made great drinks and and were very personable.. . We went to LAX one night and did bottle services. May I recommend Peach Ciroc to everyone since that night! our server was amazing. She was there every time we needed her, our ice was always full and replaced if melting..the security for the tables were a blast. They did a great job but still managed to have fun and engage with the guests that wanted it. While there someone on stage got a bottle.. and people dressed as Starwar's characters brought the bottles out shot out confetti danced and then left. Completely random but so awesome! The music was great as well.. . While there make sure to eat at Tacos&Tequila. I had the Carne Asada Tacos, and they rocked. . . All in all, I will be back. This place exceeded my expectations!!!!
You cant expect a five star hotel with the prices lux offers, but for the money it exceeded my expectations. I stayed in the tower rooms and they were very nice and cheaper than most holiday inns i have stayed at!! When we checked in we were given a coupon booklet that had a bunch of discounts and even a couple of free drink coupons! . . We opted to check out the exhibits and they were awesome! Bodies is way worth the money to go to and the display is not gory at all given the nature of the exhibit! Titanic was really sweet too! . . There were also plenty of dining options. If you want a good sit down meal Rice and Co. has incredible sushi! Tacos and tequila has a yummy, decent price mexican menu and good happy hour specials.there is also a food court if you want something quick!. . The pool was not over-crowed which i loved because I actually was able to find a chair! . . The casino was also fun, I didn't win anything but I feel like with the drinks the cocktail waitresses kept serving, I came out ahead :) . . Plus if you are looking for night life LAX is right there in your hotel and its definitely a hot party spot  on the strip.
So many reviews already. haha. Well I like this place casino. The rooms are standard and I really enjoy over looking the casino down below. If you don't like feeling claustiphobic in your hotel room, this is the place to be. . . I really had good times in this place, can't say anything bad. Umm....go to LAX or Cat House. Those are awesome. Stay away from Flight, there are better places to get drinks. Oh There is a Vietnamese resteraunt or Chinese resturant there I forgot what it was called. But anyway, diahrea on a plate, bon apetite.
Lots of people are slamming the Luxor here, but we had a great time and would stay there again in a heartbeat. Yes-- it's an older casino/hotel and it is showing age. We still chose to stay in the Pyramid because, well, you're staying in a pyramid and even the elevator goes sideways. It has a great view from the top floors too. Yes-- there are people trying to sell you timeshare stuff-- but so is every casino, even the higher end ones. Yes, they have no wifi and there is an ethernet cable. Why are you in your room using the internet when you should be out in Vegas or the surrounding area? Yes, the rooms are dated, but ours was comfortable and made us happy, and it had a cool view too. . . We booked through Expedia in a package, and the only extra fee that we had was what Expedia told us in the agreement when making the reservation. The jets in our suite were down in the jacuzzi, which did suck, but they gave us a $.150 meal voucher in addition to giving us enough drink coupons to drink for free in the casino for the entire week that we were there... good enough for us as the drinks are pricey. This was a base for us as we were out hiking and doing things in Vegas, and as a base, it's a good place. The bars are fun, the casino has a good feel to it, and overall, it was a positive experience. We even got a free show (Cirque Du Soleil's Ka at the MGM) for staying for a week too, and those tickets aren't cheap. Instead of getting charged for things, we got a great deal. Again, give it a chance at least-- some of the people on here seem to have a hard on for making negative comments. You aren't at the frickin' Venetian, you're at a regular Joe place-- and I personally like that better anyway.
This is one of my favorite casino floors to play in Vegas. It is nice. Plenty of games to play. Good food to try. There is a sports booking area and bars.
Surely a dominant mass, a sleek and massive black pyramid there stands imperiously, like a temple to the neter-world adding a distinctive mystical touch to the skyline, especially in the evening, when its light erupts from its point straight up into the night sky {represented by Set, the Egyptian Satan}, which may symbolize 'the Pharaoh's flight'. As the actual structures are essentially mausoleums containing a series of mazes within, to signify the "soul's flight", as well as provide a time line of prognostications.. . Within The Luxor, one is greeted by magnificent statuary, with a whole world of mystical visual delights to tantalize the senses. Most impressive also is the grand obelisk out in front of the pyramid resonating continuous phallic energy {indicative of Amon-Ra, from whence an influence of The Baphomet originates}.. . Dining recommendation: Pharaoh's Pheast Buffet. Great beef dishes, especially the steak and shrimp for your meat needs. 5/5.. . Entertainment recommendation: Fantasy. For your prurient contemplation. Visual sensuality. 4/5.
Luxor was great!! Customer service kicked  ass! Our first night the air conditioning wasn't working well, the next day the upgraded us to a killer suite!! Love it!!
We love the Luxor,  we like to stay in the older pyramid " it was built in the late 90's" the view from balcony out side rooms is insane! the guest services are among the best! . The tower is nice and newer, but the journey to the west tower is a long trek in comparison to the pyramid.. We had a group of us 3 rooms total, had a slight mix up at check in, had to stay one night in the "newer" tower, but the following day we were moved to the pyramid rooms all on the same floor, and the front desk was super professional, helpful, and friendly!.  the location is great.. however Wifi availability it is very rare and we could barely make use of it
This casino was the bomb! Love the style an lots of fun stuff to do. I didn't get a chance to do everything so it's a good reason to go back! . . Whether you're with your partner or just with friends, the Luxor rocks the show! Casinos, shows, arcades, and great food variety & souvenir boutiques!. . Upgrade to the best room if you can afford it!
We stayed at Luxor for surfaces 2013. Rooms were clean. $70 per night was good for the quality
Das Luxor Hotel befindet. sich am unteren Ende des Strips, in unmittelbarer Nahe des Flughafens. Keine. Angst, im Hotel ist davon nichts zu spuren. Was schreibe ich da? Hotel?. Ich meinte, in der Pyramide ist da nichts zu horen. .  (Siehe Foto unten) Sie ist mit ihren 107 Meter. nicht ganz so hoch wie das Original in Agypten, die 147 Meter misst. Dafur. steht sie in einer Stadt. Daneben stehen auch noch eine Nachbildung der Groen. Sphinx von Gizeh und ein Obelisk. .  (Siehe Foto unten) (Siehe Foto unten) (Siehe Foto unten) (Siehe Foto unten) Mit seinen fast 5000 Zimmern liegt das Hotel. unter den 10 groten der Welt. Imposant sind die schrag verlaufenden Aufzuge.. Auch die Fensterfronten sind schrag, jedoch die Zimmer alle gerade. So ganz. verstanden habe ich das noch nicht, aber es ist so. Wir haben schon zweimal in. dem Luxor ubernachtet, da es fur mich ein sehr gutes Preis-/Leistungsverhaltnis. hat. Bei unserem letzen Besuch haben wir fur ein Doppelzimmer 78 Euro fur 2. Personen ohne Fruhstuck bezahlt. Bei der Innenausstattung findet man viele agyptische Stilelemente,. die ich auf den beiden Fotos festgehalten habe, wieder. .  (Siehe Foto unten) (Siehe Foto unten) Abends kann man den. gigantischen Lichtstrahl bewundern, der angeblich im Weltraum zu sehen sein. soll, das glaube ich allerdings nicht. .  (Siehe Foto unten) Sehr schones Themenhotel mit einer sehr. guten Preis-/Leistungsverhaltnis.
Review is only for the Luxor Wedding Chapel.. . 3/23/13 I got married at the Luxor in the small wedding chapel. They were nice, accommodating and timely. The photographer was fun and took some great pictures, the pastor, Pastor Joe, was fun and said just the right thing to make everyone tear up and for my husband and me to smile from ear to ear. The wedding coordinator brought us water before hand, got the music going, set up our best man and maid of honor, and help calm the nerves of me and my dad before we walked down the aisle. It was amazing and we were, and are, very happy!
I can't complain about anything. This is a great hotel.
Great
So far my last 2 birthdays have been spent here. and both times were the best bdays ever. My fiancee has taken me to celebrate my birthday. We loved gambling and drinking there. Plus the room was gorgeous. It was the first time Id stayed in a Suite! We will be back next year as well! . The bed was extremely comfortable, and loved relaxing in the hot tub. Bathroom is plain but...come on...its just a bathroom...only time you will be in there is to get ready for another fun filled day and to puke your brains out from too much drinking lol. . love it!!
I super duper love this place. Among all the hotels that I've checked in, this is what I would say, the best. . . I am so impressed with the architecture. Every floor has Egyptian relics, paintings, even their soap is formed pyramid. When I was walking around front and back of the hotel, every wall was built with so much attention and details, I couldn't find a spot that has flaws.. . Other hotels like Mandalay Bay for example is nice and a really luxurious hotel, but the Luxor was given so much architectural details. Also, hotel accommodation is reasonable enough. Inside the bedroom are not just some ordinary cabinets. And their bathroom has separate shower and bathtub. The only thing I can say I dislike, is that the hotel is so big that there's east and west wing going to your room. So after you've been walking all day, make sure you have still have enough energy to walk back to your room.
I love the Luxor simply because I can always get a great deal here! We spent a Tuesday night here for $28.02 ($7.86/night and 20.16 for the resort fee) . . - How to get it cheap? Just message me. Almost the cheapest on the strip! Quad is the cheapest. Can't beat that. haha. . - Love the coupon book. Good for restaurant credits!. - Comfortable beds and nice bathroom. . - Nice views. . - Great fitness center! clean. much equipment with nice view of pool.
So far, so good!. . I've been graced with the task of driving out to Vegas tomorrow night to sell a used Mercedes to a client in Vegas... so I called Luxor yesterday to book a room and spoke with Ken, reservation guy, and Julia, MLIFE VIP Supervisor, and they hooked it up big time! . . Very, very nice people. I've never stayed at Luxor previously, but I'm hoping the remaining experience is just as smooth as the one I just had. . . Updated review will follow :)
Preisgunstiges Hotel in Las Vegas, welches zwar nicht mehr zu den neuesten Hotels gehort, aber trotzdem mit guten Zimmern aufwarten kann. Ich selber war im Ost-Turm untergebracht und das Zimmer hatte neben zwei Queensize-Betten, einem Bad mit Badewanne und Dusche sowie einem groen Flat-TV.. Das Bar-, Restaurant- und Casino-Resort bietet viel und man erhalt bei Einchecken ein Gutscheinbuch, welches viele Gutscheine bietet, die auch im Excalibur-Hotel genutzt werden konnen (selber Inhaber).. Erreichbar ist das Hotel vom Flughafen via Shuttle Bell Trans (am Flughafen, 13,50 USD fur Hin- und Rucktransport) oder via Taxi. Ich empfehle den Shuttle, da ein Taxi schonmal bis 30 USD verlangt.. Auf jeden Fall ein sehr angenehmes Hotel.
Stayed here for 3 days with my friends. Checking in was a breeze, and it was a ease to find our room. The room was bigger then I expected considering it is shaped like a pyramid. You can't beat the price though, if your on a budget and want to stay at a known hotel then this is the place for you. We had no problems waiting for the elevators it was pretty prompt to get to or to leave our room. We never had to wait for the "next" elevator because it was to full. No complaints on this trip.
The room was really nice.  The whole hotel was really pretty and i personally am not even into the whole egyptian theme but i did really like this place and it has awesome clubs in it.
Had a great time and rooms were nice.  Plus we won a lot of money.
This review is for Marilyn at the VIP seat. She is very nice and knows what customer service is all about. Luxor is lucky to have her.
Wir haben uns an einem fruhen abend dort zum Buffet getroffen. Es war das grote Buffet welches ich je gesehen habe:-) aber so ist das in den USA und vor allem in Las vegas!. Es ging einmal rund um den Globus, nahezu jede Nation wurde mit tlw. mehreren bekannten/traditionellen Gerichten vertreten. . Wir haben fur 4 Personen 100Dollar gezahlt, mussten nirgends anstehen und auch direkt am buffet hat es sich aufgrund der Groe verlaufen.. Ich kann zu den einzelnen gerichten kaum was schrieben, waren zuuuu viele!
If you are staying on TOP it is 5 STAR!! But if you are not, you cannot imagine that it is much of a pyramid hotel at all.... you have to experience the ear-popping inclinators for the best experience! We also got lucky and passed a well-known celebrity on our way up to our room and my daughter was filled with joy! I have stayed here 5 times and only one of them on the top! This hotel location is not so central to the strip but they have the best Mojitos ever made! It is a great place for those staying in town with not a lot of time because it is the central hotel for the free tram. If you have the energy for exercise this hotel is perfect. I give it a 5 star because I had a 5 star hotel stay in a beautiful suite!
This building is freaking amazing!!. . I had a great, albeit brief, stay in the Great Pyramid of Las Vegas.  Both the exterior and interior of this structure are just jaw-droppingly stunning, and the guest room itself wasn't bad either.  Of course, I imagine part of the reason I enjoyed staying here as much as I did was due to the fact that it was on a weekday during the off-season (late October), when the prices are lower and the crowds less dense.. . Our room on the 27th floor of the pyramid looked out on the Sphinx below and McCarran International Airport across The Strip, as well as miles beyond due to the clear desert air.  From just outside our door the view from the interior hallway was nearly as spectacular: the apex of the building above and the enormous atrium spread out below.  . . The room was clean, comfortable, and stylish without going overboard on the theme (no hieroglyphs on the walls or anything).  Check in and check out were surprisingly efficient considering the amount of people they were dealing with, and we were even treated to a coupon book (good at both Luxor and Excalibur) that included a $20 credit for food and/or drinks at several hotel bars.. . Getting from Luxor to Mandalay Bay (South) or Excalibur (North) can be accomplished on foot without ever leaving the climate controlled fantasyland of shops, restaurants, and casino floors, or via a free tram that departs from the Sphinx.  Finding one's way back outside to the real world, however, is more of a challenge!
Just stayed here for four nights this past week...  The Deluxe Tower King Room did not disappoint!  Very spacious, the separate bath/shower area, comfortable bed and additional work/dining table with extra chairs was a nice touch.  We were comped the first three nights and I paid $82 for the last night, not including tax and the resort fee, but $161 for four nights on the strip was well worth it!. . The internet was fast, even though it was wired, the gift shop with daily free newspaper, Starbucks and other amenities were good incidentals to have while staying there.  I am a fan of the Jabbawockeez dance crew, and the show was exciting, enjoyable and fast paced.  . . Only thing is that they could change the air freshener from that vanilla smell to something else.  Other than that, we had a very exciting stay, especially this being the weekend of our wedding...  It's not the Bellagio, but adequate for families and all travelers alike!
My suit view was amazing, the jacuzzi by the window (I was in the inclining of the hotel rooms), Club Lax is omg love it... What's not to Love in Vegas??
this review is for anna who works at the mlife desk/reservation area.. nov 18th . after a 7 day vacation we entered the luxor to go to the little strip mall to buy some souvenirs before our 7 hour car ride home..needless to say the slots were paying that morning so we ended up asking the great and lovely anna at the mlife desk if we had any discounts or comped rooms---thank you so much anna you were the greatest and we are so glad your looking forward to that retirement like the rest of us--anyhow, not only did anna give us a comp room ( i have a gold mlife card) she upgraded our rooms to a suite with full on jacuzzi living room and all for free!!!!!!.. well there was a resort fee to pay but no one is crying .. we look forward to coming back to the luxor, we find this casino as well as the excalibur to be the "loosest" in terms of slot machines... make anna manager. . the rooms were very clean and the casino seemed to be getting a fancy uplift in terms of keeping up with those other foo-fah fancy casinos.... you know which ones im talking about.. thanks again anna
Love this hotel grweat break fast buffet
I enjoyed my stay. No complications, the room was clean, the onlyissue was there was no wifi in the room. For the price, what do people expect....aria? I loved the parking, not complicated but straight forward. I would come back.
