It's New Year's Eve and there's a lot on the agenda. Deciding where to eat before the major festivities begin is no easy feat. After hours (ok, maybe minutes) of research, we landed on Firefly and it did more than fit the bill for the occasion (which just happened to be my birthday too!) . . A group of 12 of us sat down and everyone got wide eyes when we were handed the lengthy menu. It was a 25 dollar minimum per person which was not difficult to fulfill. We took to picking out a couple dishes each that we passed around the table and filled glasses with pitchers of red sangria and passionfruit mojitos and were anything but happy. . . With that many people, we were able to try so many different dishes. I couldn't avoid ordering my go-to tapas including the bacon-wrapped dates, patatas bravas and ham and cheese croquetas. Luckily others I was with ordered different things like the fresh tuna tartare, shrimp and filet skewers, mac n' cheese and vegetable empanadas. . . As if the food wasn't enough, the service was outstanding. On a busy night, they were nice enough to push tables together for us, clear our plates quickly and put candles on my birthday cake when the time came! . . Paying in big groups can sometimes be a headache, but they made it easy for us. When the time came to grab a taxi, they helped us with that too! . . Landing in a new city for your birthday can always be a little nerve wracking but I cannot imagine a place that would have been better at leaving everyone able to find something they could enjoy!
Reading all those good reviews, we were hoping not to be disappointed by their food or service... and they proved us how great they were!  This place is now one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.. . It's located off the Strip but don't let that stop you from checking this place out.  It only takes about 5 minutes (or less) from the Strip.. . Well, before I go on, let me tell you one disappointment.  They have a website and I've email them directly via their email box on their "contact us" page and asked a quick question if they're open on Christmas Day or not which seemed to be completely ignored.  If they cannot reply, they shouldn'teven bother to put "email us" section.... . That's been said, the rest of our Firefly experience was awesome.  Because they do not take reservations for smaller groups on weekends, we had to wait for about 15 minutes or so.  Once we're seated, we were greeted by a friendly waiter and other servers were attentive and helpful too.  . . We didn't wait too much for drinks and food.  Red sangria was delicious.  Just between my sister and I, we ordered about 10 items and pretty much everything was yummy.  The best dish was one of their cheapest tapas, bacon wrapped stuffed dates ($4).  It was so good, we ordered another one.  Later we went to a fancy award winning restaurant and ordered their $10 bacon wrapped dates but Firefly's stuffed dates were far better than the fancy pricy restaurant's!  . . The only so-so dish was their curry based mussels.  The coconut curry sauce and mussel combination didn't work for us.  However, it came with a couple of garlic toast and dipping it into the sauce was very delicious, so I can't say I didn't like it.  . . There are many more dishes and drinks I want to try so I'll definitely go back!
LOVED this place! We came here with friends that live in Las Vegas and they introduced us to this amazing place. I fell in love with the hoisin duck rolls, stuffed dates and the mac & cheese. It was also my first time having tres leches chocolate cake which was like an orgasm in my mouth! the sangria is delicous and they have soo many different types of mojitos there to try. The prices are excellent. I can't wait to go back!
Best Tapas bar in Las Vegas and probably the best tapas bar I've ever been to in my life.. . All I can say is "Just Do It". Everything onthis menu is good. Every dining experience I've had  at Firefly is been consistently and outstandingly great. I've been going to this place for the last 9 years. Make sure you make reservations. This place is constantly bombarded with crowds of parties coming in. . . Thank god the owner is my friend otherwise I'd be waiting for a looong time to be seated. Besides the fact the owner is my friend. . . This place is just f*cking great! Great food, great service, great music, great crowd, great sangria, But!! finding a parking spot in the plaza where the restaurant  is located sucks big thumbs down. haha . Cheers to firefly for their food!
Hands down one of my favorite spots! I have damn near tried every tapa, entree, and flavored mojito they have to offer. I suggest Firefly to everyone! Dessert I can never get tired of is their tres leche. It is actually chocolate flavored. Weird because in the past I have always had a yellow cake soaked in "leche". I asked why theirs was chocolate... they said that's how it really is done in Mexico City, Mexico. Hey, guess they had it the extra authentic way. A few of my favorite dishes are: bacon wrapped dates, thai beef salad, filet mignon sliders, all of the skewers, and as an entree the rib eye which is served with their alloi is a must try! Their complimentary bread accompanied with an apple butter type spread and olives... mnn kepp them coming! Mango and Passion Fruit mojitos, oh how i LOVE you both :)
This is my favorite restaurant in vegas! The place is a little small & does get packed, but it is worth the wait! My favorites are the stuffed dates, filet mignon sliders & the stuffed peppers & the bread pudding for dessert.  I have never liked stuffed peppers anywhere until I tried them here, they are amazing! I have never been disappointed in the food & have eaten there many times! I highly suggest firefly & I am extremely picky, so for me to give a place 5 stars is very rare! & if you don't like the loud music & the tight space, then order to go! I've done this a few times as well & it's still amazing!
Bacon wrapped-dates and Camarones a la Diabla (Grilled Shrimp in a spicy sauce) were my favorites, but the Mac & Chesse and the Filet Mignon (I think?) Sliders were killer too.. . We had a hard time understanding the waitress (her accent was strong), but her smile lit-up a room, so we just asked her to choose some of the "house favorites" for us.  She was so nice and the food outstanding.  I also ordered the garlic fries, which were a little bit nushy this time, so we just dunked 'em in the spicy sauce from the grilled shrimp!
This is by far the Best Tapas I have had before.  It seemed like a local hang out and went with 2 of my brothers that lived there.  I liked the atmosphere and the price was pretty reasonable for the size of the portions.  I will be coming back for sure next time I am in town.
This was the best meal we had when we were in Vegas, hands down. First of all, even if it's 40 degrees out, they let you eat outside (with the big heating units of course). And you can smoke out there, which makes it even better (but not if you don't smoke).. . The portions here were huge, definitely bigger than most other tapas places. We went to four different tapas joints in Vegas and this one had the biggest by far.. . The "petite" filet is a must-try. It's not very petite at all, it's actually similar to the size you'd pay about $30 bucks for at Ruth's Chris. The short ribs were also finger-licking good.. . The dates wrapped in bacon were very good, though not my favorite. Ours were a little overcooked. Also, the mac & cheese was delish. We had the fries and the potatoes too, but I've got to tell you.. when you're eating tapas, you need to stick to one starch or you're gonna get full real fast!. . The place was totally packed and I was happy to be eating outside where it was much quieter than the hustle and bustle of the chaos inside.. . So yup, next to the all-you-can-eat tapas at the Hard Rock, this was my favorite place to eat in Vegas.
Ummmmm, can we talk about the banana-Nutella sandwiches?!?!... AMAZING! The best rendition of a comfort food-turned dessert I have ever had. It made a lasting impression since it was one of the last things we ate, but there wasn't one thing we ordered (out of about 13 items) that we didn't like. . . Larger portions, yet lower prices than you would expect from a tapas restaurant, and the food will take your taste buds on a culinary adventure they won't forget. . . Favorites: Baked tetilla, stuffed dates, empanadas, crispy duck rolls, and of course the banana-Nutella sandwiches. . Favorite condiment: spicy tarter sauce (comes with the fish sticks - FAR from your typical freezer section fish sticks). . . You do not want to miss this place if you go to Vegas!
Ah, Vegas.  Revisiting the past again.  I actually ate at Firefly for the first time years ago when my wife and I were visiting with our friends and were guided here by an old high school friend that lives in LV now.  Prior to eating at Firefly, my wife and I had never had Tapas.  Being in town for CES last weekend with the same friends that came the first time, they requested to revisit Firefly for a dinner and we obliged.. . When my wife found out that they wanted to come back, she had a feeling of discomfort associated with the restaurant that should couldn't really place the reason behind at the time.  But as soon as we walked in, it came back to her; she didn't like sitting at the lounge table.  For those of you who have not been before, be aware that there is a bar, a set of normal tables with chairs and booth seats, and then a number of tables surround by low couches that require leaning over a lot to eat.  We requested a normal dining table this time to appease her, and it made all the difference.. . When we arrived on Thursday night after our first day at CES, it was already pretty hopping.  We put our names down for a table and went to the bar.  I remembered having the Sangria last time, but didn't remember how good it was.  I asked the bar tender if I could try the red wine Sangria (effectively ordering it), but then he actually made a mini version of the drink with fruit bits and all for me to try it.  I then asked to try the white and champagne Sangrias (meeting more and more resistance each time, understandably) before ordering the champagne version.  The fact that he was wiling to let me sample all three was greatly appreciated.  Great bar tender.  My wife ordered a Mojito (so-so), and then a couple caramel apple martinis because they blew her away.  Highly recommended.. . Soon we were told a table was available for us and we sat at a comfortable, standard table.  Here is what we ordered (that I can recall) and our impressions:. . Shrimp ceviche - Nice shrimp, but way too citrusy (sour).. . Stuffed dates - A great blend of sweet and savory (dates + bacon).. . French Fries - A great filler. Shoestring with Parmesan and herbs. Ask for aioli to dip in.. . Manchego Mac 'n Cheese - A favorite for my wife (the mac 'n cheese connoisseur).  Very good and cheesy.. . Terra y Mare Skewers - Tasty and good quality filet, shrimp, and chorizo.. . Chicken and Chorizo stuffed mushrooms - Sizzling awesomeness.  They're hot when they first come out, so be careful.. . Lamb skewers - Very good and tender.. . Fried calamari - I don't like squid, so I didn't really partake, but the other three said it was very good.. . Camarones a la diabla - Shrimp with a nice kick and a smoky sauce.  Good stuff.. . Chocolate Tres Leches Cake - Amazing! Melts in your mouth. No chewing necessary.  Super soft and moist.  Drooling.... . With the 10 entrees and multiple rounds of drinks, you'd think the bill would be nuts, but it was around $150 total, which is perfectly reasonable for 4 people given the quality, variety, and quantity.  I recommend you check this place out if you want a great tapas experience.  There's a nice cigar bar in the same strip mall, too.. . Summary: Great food. Very reasonable prices.  High quality.  Full bar.  Lots of parking.  Place gets hopping at night, so come early or plan for a wait.  Great bar service and drinks.  Lounge seating and normal tables.  Lounge seats require leaning forward a lot.  Highly recommended restaurant.
Great food and service..
I've had good food in the past months, but not grrrreat food!  I've been anxious to try this place since ever since.  I didn't care about doing anything else in Sin City this time around... I just had to try this place out!  . . They start you off with bread, butter, and some olives.  The butter was sweet and silky; if it could keep it's form for a few hours, I'd like some to go.  I'd be snacking on bread and butter all day long. . . We ordered the paella, stuffed dates, tuna tartare w/ taro chips, and lamb kabobs on top of lentils.  The tuna tartare was fresh and lightly seasoned, which went well with the clean and crisp flavors of the taro chips.  The dates were definitely a highlight.  No need to go into lengthy detail--they are as good... as great... as everyone describes them!  If I were to ever host an event or even someday get married, stuffed dates would be on the menu!   The lamb was tasty and the lentils were evenly cooked.  I had to take baby bites thinking that our paella was coming out.  However, we find out that our server didn't take that order down.  (Boo.. minus one star.)  He said it would take 10 minutes; so I impulsively told my bf to order another dish to fill the 10 minute void.  (We could've just eaten the kabobs, but like most Asians, we'd rather have our protein with rice.)  So, he ordered the steamed mussels.  I thought steamed would mean boring.  But boy, was I wrong.  Another solid dish!  The red broth or sauce the mussels were soaked in was freaking awesome!  (They can have their one star back.)  I couldn't quite pick out the flavors, but I did taste some ginger.  Sometimes ginger can be a bit overpowering, but this was nice and subtle.  And then our paella finally came.  The paella, which had a combo of clams, mussels, chicken and chorizo, was good, but by the time it came out, we were stuffed.  We=me+bf.  We caved in to gluttony, but felt no remorse.. . With Firefly's nice play on texture and awesome flavors, this was truly an unforgettable dining experience.  Firefly rocks!
Hands down, this is the best tapas place in Vegas...maybe even the best I've ever had!  This was our second time eating here and it never disappoints!  The food plates are small enough that you can sample a variety of things, and boy, do they have a variety!  Here's what we've ordered thus far:. - Stuffed dates (bacon wrapped, 'nuff said!). - Manchego Mac n Cheese (can't get enough of this stuff!). - Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms (simply delish!). - Fried Calamari (can't go wrong with this). - Ahi Tuna Skewer (the ahi was seared just right and the mangos were an awesome addition). . Even writing this review, I'm starting to crave the tapas and want more.  Unfortunately it's only in Vegas.  This is definitely a new staple for us and we'll be coming here for a long time!  It's also nice that it's off the strip so if you want some down time from all the glitz of Vegas, this is a great place to chill!
I live in San Francisco, and San Francisco has good food...but nothing like Firefly!  The food is delicious, service is friendly, and the atmosphere is super fun!  Only downside is that it's a little dimly lit and can get a little loud.  I went on a Saturday night, so if you're looking to have a good conversation with your dinner-mates, go at a less crowded time or just try another place. . . They also have DELICIOUS sangrias - delicious enough to inspire me to make my own the next night.  Sadly, mine were not as good. . . Overall, if you're in vegas and want to get away from the strip, come here!
I heart tapas and I heart Firefly. . . I don't go nearly as often as I feel I should. Can't get enough of this place. We had another get together here with some friends and had yet another fantastic evening. I love almost everything on the menu. The lamb skewers are always cooked perfectly. The dates are to die for. We ordered some other of our favorites; pitchers of blood orange mojitos, patron peppers, mac n cheese and some tortilla espanola. Yum, yum and more yum. . . Can't get enough of this place. Still need to try the location on Sahara, though.
If you're on The Strip being a tourist, do yourself a favor and splurge on a cab over to Firefly for dinner. You'll come out ahead money-wise and have a much better meal than you can find on Las Vegas Boulevard..  . It's a lively little tapas restaurant, dark and packed on a Saturday night, far too cool for its strip mall location. But then again, it'sVegas, and nearly everything's in a strip mall..  . We got a table for two after about a 20-minute wait and the service was great and glitchless from start to finish..  . Every last thing we ordered was interesting and amazing. Not a plate was left with a crumb. We had: a warm spinach salad with grilled peppers; a beet salad with goat cheese and candied pecans; fried red potatoes with homemade aioli; grilled diablo shrimp with a spicy, sweet sauce and garlic bread; calamari; and bacon-wrapped almond-stuffed dates.
My BFF is a local in Las Vegas and she brought my BF and I here to eat on one of our recent Vegas trips.... OMG! Why have I not ever been to a Tapas restaurant?? The prices are affordable and the food is delicious. . . You can order anything from calamari to shrimp ceviche to ahi tuna. You NEED to try the Bacon Wrapped Dates!!! TO DIE FOR!!! And if you know me... anything with bacon is good in my book! It's the best mixture of salty and sweet, trust me, I wasn't too sure about it at first, but it's well worth it! They even have a stuffed chorizo mushroom that was yuummie!! . . This is a place you MUST eat and does not compare to anything they have on the strip! And plus it takes a load of the wallet. :)
I love, love, love Firefly!  I love tapas!!  We used to frequent Cha Cha Cha back in SF so when we discovered Firefly a few years back, we knew we had to check them out!. . So here we are, 4 years later, and I still love Firefly each time we go.  It always seems like it's packed so reservations are your best bet.. . Alright, down to the chow:. Sangria- both the red and white are good, depends if you are a white wine or red wine person.  The pitcher is well worth it cause you get almost 3 glasses per person ( based on two ppl). . Bacon wrapped dates-love them! This took me awhile to get used to as I'm not a fan of sweet/savory but this combo really works.  And they really char the bacon, just how I like it, crunchy and salty on the outside and sweet and chewy on the inside...YUM. . Camarones Al Diabla- SO good!!!! The sauce is what makes this dish..it's slightly sweet, tangy, salty...SO good to dip your bread in, this dish is a MUST every time... . Lamb chops- I love lamb so they couldn't go wrong with this, just don't overcook it and we are good.  It came out pink in the inside and had a nice char on the outside..perfecto... . Overall- this is definitely my go to restaurant when I have visitors in town or special occasions...
I am a fan of all things Sangria, and Firefly has to have some of the best around.  I love places with a great happy hour, atmosphere, and patio.  Firefly has all  three plus great tapas.  The service is always fantastic they are very attentive and friendly.  I can't think of a better place to start off a weekend in Vegas with your friends than this place.. . The must haves for me when I go is of course the Sangria (red) and the stuffed mushrooms with chorizo and chicken.  The Calamari is quite good, and on my most recent visit the Shrimp a la Diabla was fantastic.  I look forward to my next visit to Firefly which will be very soon.
best sangria !!! Everything is super delish!!
This is my spot! For me - small plates - freshly cooked - are perfect. The service is efficient and mostly friendly. But the food isthe attraction at the end of the day. They are open late which suits my vampire hours very well indeed. . . I've now eaten here three times - and the stuffed mushroom w/ chicken and chorizo is my favorite. The fish sticks, and empanadas are also top notch. . . Wifey loved the ceviche of shrimp, & crispy duck rolls. ...The almond butter spread they offer free w/ bread is worth the trip alone! . . It IS loud - so know that going in. They get very busy on Friday & Saturday nights from 6-10 pm.
The greatest food ever! All dishes are super tasty! I had the mussels in coconut sauce, chicken skewers, beef skewers, two order of the sliders, lamb, and a mango mojito! Delicious foods! Great service! This is the second time I have been here when in town. Highly recommend!
We really loved our dinner here... . . the only thing would be that we felt slightly rushed to eat and all of our tapas were brought out at once to our tiny table... it would've been truly perfect if we were able to eat more slowly without the fear of everything getting cold. I would order things spaced apart next time,. . AMAZING FOOD! To start with the almond type butter in the bread basket. They also agreed to some of my special requests... so. nice.. . Our favorite was the stuffed mushrooms & the stuffed peppers. TO DIE FOR. The tilapia was brilliant and the salads were HUGE. . . Red Sangria (which is a 4 day process) came in a large pitcher and did NOT disappoint!  We really wanted to try their house-made infused vodk, but they were out. . . This place definitely lives up to the hype. GO! And affordable!
I have a new favorite place in Vegas (that isn't a strip club or a dive bar)!. . Last week in Vegas we went to Firefly on a Monday night. I think it says something about this place that it was packed at 6pm on a Monday!. . I got there early and went to the bar while I waited for my party. It was happy hour at the bar with half priced mojitos and a free appetizer plate. I was sold right then and there. Then we sat down and ordered our food in earnest.. . First off all the stuffed dates (wrapped in bacon no less) is nothing short of awesome! But then again so was everything else. The Spanish meatballs, empandas, filet mignon sliders, mac and cheese, all of it was great!. . Seriously, this place as great drinks (the mojitos were awesome), a great atmosphere and amazing food. They definitely get packed, so make a reservation or be prepared to wait, even if you go on a Monday.. . I will not make another trip to Vegas without going here!
Great place and atmosphere.  Went here for dinner with 5 other friends.  Perfect for sharing tapas and pitches of sangria!  . There was not one bad thing we ordered!  Steak skewers, mushrooms, cerveche, artichokes, calamari, everything was soooo yummy!  Bathrooms arent the greatest.  The service was great and it was packed! LOVE IT!  I almost forgot the bacon covered dates! OMG to die for!
A secret place the locals dont want the tourists to know about.  I came here with some of my friends who live in Vegas. Yes its a small place inside a little strip mall but  the sangria is the BEST you can find in the desert. They also have an outside patio which is great for summer nights. They serve tapas which for those of you who don't know they are more like appetizers and not actual dinner plates. I recommend the steamed mussels. They are soo delicioso!! hmmm... But their Sangria is the best. Their staff is awesome and very friendly. If you are in the Vegas area check out Firefly. There are two locations. This one is on Paradise which is close to the strip. The other location is in old town Vegas down off of Fremont street.
I'm a fan of the shrimp ceviche, stuffed dates, duck rolls, ahi tuna skewers & the mojitos!
Traditional tapas aren't really my thing. I just determined that I'm not a huge fan of Spanish cuisine thus far (paella is good though...). That being said, I do like small dishes as a concept and Firefly executes this so well without coming off with an ounce of pretentiousness.. . This place is very laid back - visually, it has more in common with a nicer bar than a fine dining establishment. But don't let that fool you, the quality of the food here is top notch. Keep in mind though, it lies in a small strip mall with minimal parking, so brush up on your parking lot stalking skills or take a cab.. . Here, Firefly offers a wide variety of food in tapas form, but doesn't constrain itself to traditional tapas fare, which worked out perfectly for me. There's also French, American, Thai, and Chinese-inspired dishes here too. We had a decent-sized party, and we went to town here: bacon wrapped dates, french-style mushroom tarts, lamb skewers, filet mignon sliders, the list goes on. There is something for everyone here and everything they did, they did well.. . I will happily suggest and introduce this place to others next time I come back to Vegas.
I was there for 3 days for some concerts and we stumbled on this place using yelp.  We got there around 1am and we waited in the bar area for about 10 minutes then we were promply seated.  Tapas were amazing Top picks. . Atmosphere is dark candel lit with a casuall hang out and drink place.. . 1. sliders were seasoned and cooked perfectly.. 2.Both shrimp dishes were specatular. 3.Even the bread they give you at the start is awesome. . 4. chicken cheese chorizo mushrooms were amazing as well.. . Get off the strip and come here for dinner or just to grab a drink.  You wont be dissapointed.
Firefly was awesome - everything was delicious!!!. Here's what we had (we shared everything):. The garden salad. Roasted eggplant cannelloni. Albondigas. Empenada. Chicken & chorizo stuffed peppers. Steak & mushroom skewers. Firefly fish sticks. Fried calamari. Paella
Their sangria is sooo good!!  The dates are a must,so are the croquetas and empanadas!! Everything I had was ridiculously good. Price wise, not bad well worth it.
On separate occasions that I've gone, I have never EVER been disappointed and consistency is hard to come by nowadays. . . [AMBIANCE] . your average I want to be chic but still chill and mellow. [SERVICE] . friendly, pleasant, nothing less... [FOOD].  I cannot get enough of their menu, eclectic but not overbearing. . With that said, these are my recommendation. + crispy duck rolls . + paella (can never go wrong with that choice...not at firefly anyway). + Steak and mushroom skewers (not the most amazing thing on the menu, but if you're a carnivore like myself, it's always a must). + firefly fries - now this is not technically my recommendation but it was a good side, comparable to the truffle fries @ yardhouse. [DRINKS] . if you're in Vegas and you want to bring the wild someone out of someone without the mess I recommend a pitcher of this creeper!. [OVERALL]. for someone who likes to get the most out of a buck, it's not bad. Be prepared its TAPAS style so don't expect hefty-size helpings, but a great place for big parties where you just want some good food, good conversation and again at vegas...it a change from the unusually LARGE meals and buffets
Wow.  Seriously great food, service, and overall experience. . . Husband & I ate at Firefly on St. Patrick's Day, Thursday 3/17.  We arrived around 11:30 p.m.; I thought it would be packed & kind of obnoxious, but it wasn't at all.  We sat on the patio, which had plenty of heat lamps, and were seated immediately. . . Everything was great.  The food was fabulous.  The only thing we had that I wouldn't recommend was the tomato/basil soup (tasted like something we could buy in bulk from Costco) but everything else was super tasty - baked tetilla, chorizo clams, empanada, terra y mar skewers, and the flan.  With 6 plates, we were stuffed...total bill was $42.  I like it!. . Service was great, with our drinks being filled often, and although we had two servers, it didn't cause any confusion.  I would  highly recommend Firefly for anyone visiting Vegas.  And, they're open until 2 a.m.!
I absolutely LOVE Firefly.  I come here pretty frequently, only because my friends from out-of-town have fallen in love with the restaurant just as much as I have and always need to get their fix whenever they come into Vegas.  This place can get pretty packed and wait times can be crazy around dinner time, but trust me.. if you've got the time, it's worth it!  . . I almost always get... . - calamari. - stuffed dates. - mushroom tart. - ceviche. - mac & cheese. - filet mignon sliders. - steamed mussels. - firefly fries. - sparkling sangria . . The spread that's given with your breads is also heaven, mmmm.
Yummmmmmmmm!. Best little Tapas joint in Vegas !! If it's busy, it's worth the wait.  Red Sangria is very nice with lots of apple in it.  This is always my  favorite location
Great food at extremely reasonable prices!  A must stop for me when I'm in Vegas.
I love EVERYTHING I ordered here. Which is almost everything on the menu. My favorite is the lentil salad. I try to come here as often as I can.The desserts are delicious. Especially the chocolate leche cake. It's sooo good!  Milky & not to sweet . I always get the pitcher mojito's or pitcher sangria..  . Service is always on point even if you come w/ big groups. They are always on top of everything. The restaurant is always clean & I like the red decor. Best tapas in vegas!
This is now the 3rd time I've come to Firefly. It's become a ritual where every time I'm in vegas we eat at Firefly for one of the nights. The food is absolutely delicious and very reasonably priced.. . Definitely get the Tiera y Mar skewers, the patatas bravas, and the banana nutella sandwiches. The thai beef salad is also really good!
We gave this place a try after reading a few reviews on Yelp. The place was packed mid week!  We go seated in about 20 minutes which seemed fair for a full restaurant. Our the service was quick and helpful with the menu selections. The almond stuffed dates are awesome! The sangria was pretty good too!  A definite must when we come back to Vegas.
This was my first time having tapas and I am definitely coming here again the next time I'm in vegas! Not too pricey either. It's good to go with some friends and order a bunch of plates to share! The shrimp and filet mignon skewers were to succulent, flavorful, and very well cooked.. I'm salivating as I yelp! Check this place out for sure!
Easy cab ride from The Strip. Excellent sangria - get a pitcher! There was a table limit of 1.5 hours when we were there - not sure if that's always the case. Quick service. Charming place, good menu variety, worth the cab fare. Enjoy!
This place is Awesome! On top of having the best looking date in the entire restaurant, the food was remarkable! It was her idea to come here, and I have to say, it was worth every penny! The downfall was the wait however, i think that has a lot to do with the fact that i was starving...everything seems long when your hungry or in a hurry. Overall a great experience. . . Open late, nice relaxed atmosphere, unbeatable prices and unparalleled taste! Filet Mignon for like 12 bucks ! go figure! Anytime I visit vegas you will find me here at some point! . . Keep up the great work and hey whenever you want to open a Firefly in Los Angeles, or Los angeles area, Contact me for the grand opening! I will be there with bells on! lol May be interested in investing in it! lol Buy some stock,hell i'll sleep there and wake up too it! lol Hope this helps someone definitely go here!
This Firefly location has to be our ultimate favorite.  It's unassuming, intimate and the service is pretty good, not to mention, the food is quite spectacular!. . First off, it was a great sign when they serve us the bread and we were noshing on it as if we've never eaten bread before.  We can attribute it's deliciousness to the spread it came with.  I wouldn't say it was butter as it had a cheesy consistency and had a strong hint of almonds.  Whatever it was, it's was crack and I'm hooked!. . The s/o fell in lovewith their Bacon Wrapped Dates.  In fact, love is an understatement as the s/o ordered two plates of it.  I'm not a fan of dates but I'll admit, it was a blast for my palette.. . We also ordered the Filet Mignon sliders which were awesome,  you can't help but love the fried onions in them!  In addition, the Ceviche was delicious as well as the Empanadas.  I ordered the Stuffed Mushrooms which were just okay.  The filling was a bit dry, it could've used a little sauce or at least a lemon wedge to squeeze over it.  Lastly, the Mac and Cheese were like wow, it's not your Mac & Cheese in a box, that's for sure!. . Overall, Firefly has become one of our fave restos off the hustle and bustle of the Strip.  It'll definitely be a spot we'll hit every time we're in Vegas!
I had originally booked the downtown location for my wedding reception.  They had promised the entire dome room all to ourselves.  10 days before the wedding, and only after I called them THEY CANCELED!!  They had me relocate to the paradise location and sharing the room with all of the other patrons including a party of cross dressers that looked like they would have been more comfortable in football uniforms.  At this point you are probably wondering how and why I gave them 5 stars.  The food!  Oh my Lord the food was amazing!  Most of our guests had never had a tapas meal and were concerned when the first tapas of bacon wrapped dates came out.  This was the best thing I have tasted in quite some time!  We had 5 additional tapas following.  We had the ham & cheese croquettes, the spicy shrimp, chicken skewers, steak & mushroom skewers and mango ribs.  I did not even have any ribs and I was stuffed to the gills.  Everything was so delicious it was easy to ignore the fact it wasn't our ideal setting.  The drinks flowed like water.  It was an amazing night we will never forget.
OMG!  So, my girls and I went last weekend and couldn't stop eating!  Seriously, I think between the 4 of us we ate almost everything on the menu.  I love the local vibe because sometimes, the strip can feel a bit contrived.  Best item on the menu is the bacon wrapped fig.  AWESOME!
Firefly on Paradise.  We'd been to the Plaza location and LOVED the food.  Arrived about 8:00 pm, got seated immediately.  HOLY COW, is that place crowded and noisy, a little too much for hubby, after about 15 minutes he was ready to bail, but held in there.  It's also kinda dark.  I do hope the Plaza location opens again, much nicer atmosphere.  We had a great server.  There were three of us for dinner.  The food is outstanding, together we ordered:. Bacon wrapped almond stuffed dates - 5 stars. Chicken salad - 5 stars. Veggie Empanada - 4 stars. Chorizo & Chicken stuffed mushrooms - 5 stars. Filet Mignon sliders - disappointing, dry, 2 stars. Lamb Skewers - 5 stars. Steak & Mushroom Skewers - 5 stars. Ahi Tuna Skewer - 4 stars. $75.00 total. WAY too much food, but took a doggie bag back to the room, had a cooler with ice and ziplock bags!
WOW! This place off the strip really nails it! Fantastically priced and portioned. The signature mojitos and sangria go down very easy. Open late and serves food late!
This tourist couple discovered Firefly watching the Travel channel about 10 years ago and have been coming here on every visit to Las Vegas every since.   The mojitos are excellent!  Love how the menu is structured around small plates that are around $5 each so you can try lots of different items and order more as you need to.  This particlarly good if you have a group of about 4 and are willing to share.  You might call it tapas inspired because it isn't Spanish food - just small plates of many different kinds of food.. . Over the years it seems to have turned from a quiet, low key place to a much louder, trendy place but we still love it.  Lots of vegetarian options!  The roasted eggplant canneloni, and stuffed peppers are especially good.
We are in Las Vegas at least 10 times a year and always have dinner at the Firefly.  We have never been disappointed with either food or service.  The best value around for food quality--and the sangria is some of the best around.  The firefly fries are always a hit when we bring people here.  The menu is so varied that it is perfect for any palate.
It was such a delight living right down the street from Fire Fly's... We could even walk home since it was so close to where we were living at the time.  My favorite thing about this amazing place is its Mojitos!!! Amazing!! I never liked mojitos til I ordered them here!! (and yes them about 4 or 5) lol . . My favorite tapa is the mushroom tart and mac'n cheese as well as the steak and mushroom skewers.  Oh and wait if you like tres leches cake you must try the chocolate tres leches!!! it is soooo decadent and such a treat!!! I have even tried to dupicate it and it just doesn't come out the same!! . . Love this place!
It was a busy Saturday night.  We waited about half an hour to get seated, which was fine.  The food was good, but the SERVICE, was what makes it a true 5-star experience.  The mussels & and the flan were probably my favorite.. the octopus was a bit over cooked but still tasted alright.  I highly recommend this place!!
This place is incredible!  bacon wrapped dates, filet sliders, mac cheese, thai beef salad, empanadas, tuna tar tar!  be sure to always order a pitcher of sangria (i like to get one red and one every time!)  Can get crowded during rush hours!
I love love love this place!!!  My fiance & I like to visit Firefly when we visit LV, which is pretty often.  I love the tapas thing they got goin' on.  The sangria is delicious and my very favorite thing on the menu is the stuffed dates yum yum yum!  . . I've been to their other location, but the one in downtown definitely has a better ambience and view.  The location is great as it sits at the end of the downtown arcade thing.  . . The only dumb thing about this place is how early it closes.  I think we went around 12am one time & it was already closing.  What restaurant closes at 12am in LV?!  boooo...lame
Oh so yummy!
My family and I had a leisurely lunch here.  I can't say enough good things about this restaurant.  All of the tapas were excellent, especially the bacon wrapped dates, tuna tartar, empandas and smoked salmon.  The service was excellent as well.  I wholehearedly recommend this restaurant.  We can't wait to go back.
First time dining here on 05/20/10.  The experience here was wonderful.  We tried .... -Stuffed dates. -Chorizo clams (the best). -Filet mignon sliders. -Albondigas (meatballs). -Red Sangria. -Tres Leche cake. All the items were great, I highly recommend the Chorizo clams if you enjoy clams... . I will definately be back for more!
Amazing! I am gluten free and have not had stuffed peppers since I started on the diet. There gluten free menu was very extensive and delicious! I ordered three different plates because I couldn't decide. I ate every bite! Awesome pricing...no complaints
Alright, since it doesn't seem to be passe yet, I'm going to qualify my review by saying I spent two weeks in Spain, and the tapas here would be gobbled up just as quickly there.. . Also, be prepared for a wait if you eat here.  They do take reservations, but even then, due to the nature of tapas, you might end up waiting a bit for your table.. . For starters, the red sangria is delicious.  Hands down the best sangria I can remember, and deceptively strong.  The first time I had it, I underestimated it, and got close to embarrassingly tipsy in front of co-workers.. . Almost all of the food is done perfectly, too.  The favorite of myself and my co-workers is definitely the boquerones - little bites of heaven.  I'm not exaggerating when I say we almost order a plate for each person at the table.  The tastiest slivers of sardine with roasted peppers and avocado - amazing.. . The pulpo asada is hit or miss, but when it hits, it is probably some of the best octopus I've had state side.  The salmon tartare is really, really good, too.. . Stuffed dates are rich, but very, very good.  Patatas bravas are spicy and crisp, and wouldn't be out of place in Barcelona.  This place cooks a mean steak, too.. . Everything else on the menu (yeah, I've tried just about everything) is good.  The only disappointment I've had is with the shrimp - not that it was bad, per se, just not up to the standard set by the other seafood dishes.
the MF"N best tapas...I live in SD and I always stop in for dinner here when I am in town.
Ate three meals during our 2 nights' stay, and two of those were at this place!! Had we stayed longer, we could have eaten there everyday for another 2 months at least.. lol... . Everything we tasted were great, but by far my favorite is the lentils.
I had my wedding reception here that hosted about 70 people. The planning process with their event coordinator, Valeria was very professional and very accomodating. I was able to bring in my own decorations. They set everything up for us and it was amazing! . . Now lets talk about the food. We did the Meal #2 plan I believe, which consisted of 5 tapas: bacon wrapped dates, albondigas, artichoke toasts, and the other 2 I can't remember because I was busy with everything.. They were all amazing! I wish I was able to eat more and enjoy it! We had a salad included in our meal. For the main course, we had steak freitas... AMAZING! and some type of rotissorie chicken. We had seafood paella with the main course and it was one of the best  We also had chocolate cake and flan that was served as the dessert. Oh, and the bar was very convienent as well since it was just for our guests.. . Overall, the restaurant staff was great. They were all very welcoming and catered to every need. We had our own private banquet room that fit everyone perfectly. The only downside was it was a bit hot in there. I do plan to eat there the next time I am in Vegas. If I were driving by I probably would have not stopped to eat, but I did find the reviews on yelp very helpful in selecting this location for my wedding reception!
Had an amazing time here yesterday with about 6 of my "mommy" friends. We drank..we ate..we drank some more. This place is perfect for a big group like ours was. We chilled out on the U shaped sofas. Our server was great & took excellent care of us. I drank my usual watermelon mojitos. They were perfect. And I ate the stuffed dates & shrimp ceviche. They were both perfect as well. I cant wait to come back here again!
yummy tapas? good.. pitcher of sangria? good. . whats not to like about firefly???. . what i ate:. - mushroom tart: puff pastry filled with a delicious concoction of various mushrooms on a bed of creamy cheese. you wont miss the meat in this one, the mushrooms are so earthy.. - bacon wrapped stuffed dates: i LOVE these things. its such a simple tapas, but so tasty. the sweet date pulled the sweetness out of the bacon but the saltiness was still there. the cheese inside balanced everything out with some creaminess, and the nut gave it just the right bite of texture. i could pop these things all night. - steak and mushroom skewers: i wasnt expecting much, i mean this isnt a steak place (ruths chris is right next door). but omg, the steak was perfect! it was tender and perfectly cooked. the mushrooms were a nice balance. i dont know that the sauce was on the plate, but i sopped up the rest with some bread. - empanda: this was also tasty. the meat filling had a nice spice to it, and i loved that it came with a bit of salad on the side. the salad was vinegary, crunchy and fresh. a nice palette cleanser. - sausage plate: i dont know all the different meats that came, but there were four different kinds. came sprinkled with capers and gherkins. . -firefly fries: you know why these were good? because you know firefly peeled the potatoes and made them on site, FRESH. because these tasted like in n out fries... but BETTER (i know i know, you didnt think it was possible, but these were actually better). - sangria: light, fresh, fruity but there was still a nice wine flavor to it. - bread: yea, i know who cares about bread when you have yummy food to eat? but honestly, i get turned off by places that dont take details into account. i wasnt worried about the food when i had the bread at firefly. the baguette was good, but the butter that also came out with it was amazing! kept eating it with the rest of our small plates. . pros:. - FOOD: i cant rave enough about everything i ate!!! my mouth is seriously watering about all the food we ate. i know its a tapas place, but the portions were generous!!!! i left feeling stuffed! and we didnt even finish everything. - price: 6 tapas plates and a pitcher of sangria for about $70. cheap considering everything we ate! . - service: server was attentive and always filled our glasses when he saw that they were empty. the busboy was also adorably eager to whisk away our plates. . - ambiance: definitely a great place to take a date! the patio was nice and cozy with dim lighting. inside was nice too, though CROWDED when i went.. . cons:. - the WAIT. they dont take rez on the weekends i think. . *TIP* try calling ahead and asking to be put on the list. the hostess will politely say, ok, but this does not put you on the actual waiting list and it does not guarantee you a table upon arrival - basically just talk to cover her ass just in case. we did this before we left and got seated right when we got there. awesome! . - bathroom: i know its a busy restaurant, but my god, this was a bad hollywood club bathroom! paper towels all over the floor, and a line of bitchy girls that stared every girl down as they entered. *shudder* . . would i come again? YES
Soooooo delish!  It's off the strip (we stayed at the Flamingo, and it was a short walk - maybe a mile), but worth it.  It's all tapas, decently priced, and a friendly, young staff.  You can also check in early so you have a table waiting.
best taps in the U.S
Great restaurant that we go to every time we're in town.  It's just off the strip, and it's a nice way to get away from the long lines and tourists.  They offer both indoor and outdoor seating.  All the tapas are great - some of our favorites are the thai beef salad and the tuna tartare.  Both are very refreshing and a good combination of ingredients.  And of course, their sangria goes with all of their dishes!
My first impression was, "I'd be back in Vegas just for their bacon wrapped dates with toasted almonds and blue cheese.". . Here's a second review of Firefly after being there just a week ago and trying some more tapas plates with my friends. We first ordered a pitcher of red Sangria for the table since it was happy hour (1/2 price on all drinks) and of course, what goes better with Spanish tapas than a nice glass of wine? Our table of four had plenty of wine to share for just $14.00. It came in a pretty tall pitcher, well chilled, and with chopped apples inside for presentation.. . -Chorizo Clams (peppers, 2 kinds of spicy sausage, white wine, parmesan toasts) the bits of chorizo mixed with the sauce for a sweet and spicy combination was delicious.. -Steamed Mussles (red curry, white wine and coconut cream) the sauce which really becomes a soup is the feature of this dish. It was rich and flavorful and goes so well with the mussles!. -Stuffed Dates (bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese) must try must try must try. Too out of this world.. -Stuffed Peppers (Spanish piquillo peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce) The combination was good and they got a lot of cheese in the dish, but the sauce wasn't too impressive. I'd say pass on this one and get more stuffed dates. But good if you love your tomatoes and cheese, pasta sauce taste.. -Mushroom Tart (puff pastry, boursin cheese) Simply good.. . The lasting impression? "Check out the photos, you'll be sold. It's a great place to go on a casual date or share a pitcher with little Spanish tapas and enjoy a good meal with a group of friends. It's a nice breather off the Strip in LV."
Read all the reviews and they did not fail me! Love everything that i had here from the stuffed dates ( which are to DIE FOR) to the mac and cheese. Probably had 6 different types of tapas and all of them are very good and mouthwatering! The sangria is good but i prefer the mojito better. They pack it up with a lot of lime that's not too overpowering. The food was excellent (whatever tapas you order, but i definitely love the stuffed dates, tuna tartare and filet mignon sliders -they melt in your mouth... And you're left with the bread) service was good and atmosphere is great. This will definitely be one of my main stops when i visit vegas!!!! Plus it's happy hour!!! So all drinks are half off!!!! Even better!
every thing was awesome!  all the dishes were very flavorful! the mango mojito was very good, i think i could drink a whole  pitcher by myself!
Ate there for the 2nd time (6/22) and it was simply wonderful. The stuffed dates are delicious. Desserts are out of this world. Never a disappointment.
Love this place. The paella is awesome with a great balance of sauteed chorizo, mussels, chicken and shrimp. One of my favorite tapas meals are the bacon wrapped dates. . . They have a short happy hour during the week but they give half off on all their nice mojitos and the sangria. I personally like the paradise mojito which has the pineapple juice. Definitely a great place for Spanish tapas off the strip.
Awesome!  Affordable, wonderful food - definitely try the sausage and the meatballs!  Sangria was fantastic.  Ambiance was wonderful - sat outside.  Tremendous value for Las Vegas!  Well worth the trip off the strip.  Would most definitely go back again!
I bring my out of towners here.  I'm actually going here tonight, my mom is in town, it's a perfect place close to the hotels.  It's off the strip but it's still fun.  Always crowded, great music, great food, affordable, what else do you want??. . Not to sound like a groupie, but the items recommended on yelp are seriously fantastic.  Terra y mare skewers, filet mignon sliders, stuffed dates.  Go with the big guns, fantastic.  I have yet to have a drink here. . My personal favorite is mac n cheese.  But how can that go wrong?  Even the Kraft microwavable boxes I find delicious.. . Cute date spot, great for a group of friends, love this spot.
Why I have not raved about this place yet, I don't know. It's my go-to place when I have visitors, when I just want to sit with a friend over coffee and sangria, dine with family, have a girls' night, a business meeting, or a date. So, really, any damn time is a good time for Firefly.. . My besties were visiting this weekend and we made Saturday night a date night, stopping here before hitting the town. The Mrs. had been here with me a couple years ago but this was the first time Mr. had been. Sacrificing virgins to Firefly is a great way to spend an evening!. . We knew there would be a wait, so I put my name in and we headed to the bar for a pitcher of the red sangria. Unlike the cold red wine I had recently in another establishment, Firefly sangria is *real* sangria. Real fruit, real care, real flavors. I have come here just for the sangria. Top notch.. . The atmosphere, I find, is always one of two things: boisterous and social and fun (without being overwhelmingly loud), or quiet and casual. Tonight was the former, and it was perfect. Patrons at the bar were engaging and personable, yet we still had our space, our own conversations, and time to ourselves while we waited. People watching is a must.. . We were offered a table after only ten minutes or so and led to a hightop out on the patio. It was a little warm (duh, I know), and just as they bring heaters outside in the winter, some low-breeze fans would make a difference in the summer. When we were hit with a natural cross breeze, we noticed a huge difference. Just a thought.. . Mmmm... FOOD! Stuffed dates, of course. Crispy, rich, and amazing. The Mrs. and I knew this going in. The Mr. is now a fan. Yay! A new disciple!. . Eggplant canneloni, one of my favorites. I can't eat pasta, so this is a great, mouthwatering twist of goat-cheesy goodness on an old Italian standby! Molto bene!. . Albondigas (meatballs). The Mrs. and I didn't care too much for the dish overall. I found the meat a little dry but raved about the flavors of the sauce. The Mr., however, really enjoyed them.. . The ceviche was good as far as the seafood and avocado, but there was too much of the liquid in the dish and it had a little too much of an acidic flavor. . . The gazpacho was FANTASTIC. Some of the best any of us ever had. So fresh, so clean, just this side of spicy, and at once simple and complex in the layering of flavors. Really, really amazing. A must have.. . The steamed mussels were good... until we found a rotten one. It was only one, but it ruined the dish for us. On the plus side, the liquid and the mussels WERE very good and tasty, but for that one... So we talked to the waiter, showed him, and sent it back without a replacement (which was offered, of course). It was too bad, truly, and I will be trying them again.. . The lamb chops came out medium rare instead of rare and those we had replaced. Everyone was great about it and they came out the second time perfectly cooked, melt-in-your mouth tasty. The bed of veggies and lentils are more than a salad or garnish, but a dish of their own. Also amazing and very well received.. . Instead of dessert we opted for a second pitcher of the red sangria and enjoyed the space, each others' company, and the buzz of the people around us. . . Service is always top notch, friendly, and helpful. The hiccups tonight were just that, hiccups. They were addressed as they should be and the experience was still fantastic. A great night and a great example of why this place is a 5-star favorite everytime I go.
Everything was great.  Service was quick, attentive, and friendly, and not intrusive.  Blood orange mojito was incredible and very refreshing.  The plain mojito was not great, either over-muddled or using old mint, as it was very bitter and the mint was black in places.  The tortilla espanola was the least favorite dish.  It was okay, but the potatoes were underseasoned and undercooked and the dish as a whole was nothing special.  On the other hand, the patatas bravas, the mac 'n' cheese, the steak and mushroom skewers, stuffed peppers, artichoke toast, fried calamari, were all to die for.  I believe we had one other dish as well.  Stuffed peppers were my personal favorite this trip.  Perfect balance of creamy and flavorful, sweet and spicy.  Textures and flavors all wentquite well together.  Also, the chocolate tres leches cake was one of the best desserts I have ever had, and I'm not even a chocolate person.  Texture was great, and the bitter cocoa flavor of the chocolate sponge cake balanced the sweetness of the milks.  Firefly is definitely a winner.
When you order the stuffed dates, order 4 orders...
This is my go to place for happy hour and taking out of town guests.  Happy hour is daily from 3-6 (5 on Fridays).  The drinks are half off.  Tapas is a great option for a snack or light dinner.  The prices are right and slightly off the strip for visitors.  . My favs are the blood orange mojito and the baked tetilla.
Truly impressed. Every single dish was amazingly good and we ordered about 18 different dishes.  Ceviche lamb chops sangria skewers clams mussels sliders and much more.  All desserts were delish as well.  This will be my Vegas stable in the future.  I enjoyed their sangria which is on the sweeter side - comes in red, white, or bubbly and you can get a pitcher if you want.. . Price was very reasonable - $5 - $10 per dish.  We spent over $500 at Del Frisco's the previous night and only around $210 at Firefly for more food, more drinks, and more fun.. . We got there around 6:00pm and was fortunate to grab the last 6-seater.  By the time we left around 8:00pm, there was a crazy wait list outside the door.  . . If Yelp allows me to give 6 stars, this would be one of the few restaurants that I would give a 6 star!
My first dining experience at Firefly was great and it was definitely not the last time I came here!  The food is delicious, drinks are great and the atmosphere is comforting, what better place to enjoy an evening with your friends right?  . . Some of my favorite things to get at Firefly include:. . * Red Sangria: Delicious and sweet!  If you are not a fan of sweet drinks, you may not like this, but for those who are still new to wines, the sangria here are a great way to get you started on drinking wine!  They even mention in their menu that they marinate the sangrias three days with fruits to get its full flavor!  Included in the glass or pitcher of the sangria are cubed apples which makes the drink even more fun! . . * Stuffed dates are a must when you come to Firefly, unless you're a vegetarian of course.  But anything wrapped with bacon and baked is dangerouslydelicious!  Those who are allergic to almond beware, the dates are stuffed with it. ;-) . . * Filet Mignon Sliders:  Delicious and juicy!  The burger meat is very tender and it comes with a side of fried onions, that go really well with the burgers.  This is something that you should not miss at Firefly! . . * Spicy Shrimp: I'm not entirely sure of the exact name, since it was in spanish, but it was delicious!  Beware, when it says spicy, it is sure damn spicy but also flavorful!  . . * Shrimp Ceviche: Served with fried won ton chips and has a tangy kick with each bite.  Not salty but very flavorful and refreshing.  . . There are many more dishes to get at Firefly, but these are just a few that I recommend getting, especially the first two mentioned.  . . Enjoy your experience at Firefly and don't forget! They also serve dessert! =)
Everything on the menu is my favorite here! One of my favorites in Vegas. I always recommend firefly on paradise. Try the stuffed dates,patatas bra vas, and sliders with a pitcher of sangriammmmmmmm
I have been here a handful of times- ALWAYS a great place. Yes you need to drive here, not a walk from the strip. But so worth it. This last time I got the Mac 'n cheese, meatballs, dates wrapped in bacon, oh and a mojito....so good! It gets busy and noisy-make sure to call for a reservation!
Get the sangria!
I am late in finishing this review and can't wait to get back!! As mentioned in other reviews this place is off the strip and you can tell mainly for locals. There was a minimal wait to be seated but okay since we were getting started on our pitcher of Sangria. . . I have been to Spain and the tapas here are very authentic and the customer service is excellent. . . What we ate: Red sangria, firefly fish sticks, lamb chops, apple and manchego salad, camarones a la diabla, veggie empanada, chocolate cherry bread pudding, banana nutella sandwich. All delicious!!
By far on of the best places in town and not to mention there services was phenomenal our server Carlos was amazing explained and answered ever question I had about the menu, and to think that the only reason I ever came to firefly's was for the passion fruit cheesecake, that is out of this world!!!!
I have to eat here at least once every time I come to Vegas. I thought it was a hidden gem, but noticed a lot of reviews on Yelp.. . Either way, the place is the best you can do for the price, and the variety (and huge menu) ensure that everybody is happy.. . When it comes to suggestions, get theDates and be sure to drink Red Sangria. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the duck, but that's like one item out of 60.
This place was hands down the best restaurant I ate at in Vegas - and I ate everywhere.  The neighborhood is shady and it is a strip mall (which normally means I won't even bother reviewing) but the food - omg the food was out of this world.  The prices were perfect, the portions were ample, and the service was phenomenal.  I can not recommend this place enough, just make sure you make reservations!
There's only one thing that's bad about this place...  the wait!  This food is as good as it gets and at a fraction of the price you will pay for the big names on the strip.  Its not an elegant dining room, its tight and usually a bit noisy, but the food is AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.  If you've never eaten here, shame on you.  Come in and order a variety of dishes and you will be BLOWN AWAY by all of them!  Words can't describe the wonderful flavors on the menu.  I moved to Vegas from Orange County just so  I could eat here all the time!
what an off strip find in vegas... i'm not sure if you can call them tapas because their portions are so freaken huge.. usually when u go to tapas places their portions are like 2 bites each.. this place nearly doubles those portions.. we went in a big group and ordered about 3 tapas per couple.. plus a paella to share.. and boy that was ALOT of food.. . the server was really nice and chatted with us even thought they were pretty stacked.. i wish he had told us that we were overordering.. but too much of a good thing is never a bad thing. . one very cool thing was.. that they forgot to put the seafood into our paella.. i didn't even notice.. until they brought a second one to the table WITH seafood.. that was a sweet doubleup.... highlights are the patatas bravas... tierra y mar skewers.. beef shrimp AND chorizo? i'm in heaven... stuffed dates.. camarones diablas. def a must visit in vegas restaurant.
I've been hearing about Firefly for 2 years now from a co worker and I finally get to try it.. . The food was awesome.  We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, lamb skewers, mussels with red curry, smoked salmon toasts, french fries, mac and cheese, and the tres leches chocolate cake.. . My favorite were the dates and the chocolate cake. I want to try the paella next time.. . We came in around late lunch me, the hubby and kiddies.  It wasn't very crowded  yet so we were able to sit at the lounge area with the comfy sofas and tables.. . We will definitely go back again =)
The food is amazing! It's a great place to go with friends and taste a little bit of everything.
OH MY GOD! this place was amazzzzzzzing. Please open one in Chicago just like it!!! I was visiting Vegas with a friend for 4 days. Please note that I ate here twice during my stay. Wowzers.. Talk about tasty food. We had dinner the first time- The place was packed and the hostesses were very friendly and helpful. We didn't wait too long since I had called for directions and made a last minute reservation. . . My friend had the dates wrapped in bacon- she couldn't stop raving about it. Almost made my vegetarian self try some :) But I didn't. I did however, have the eggplant stuffed with ricotta cheese and marinara sauce.. I have never had eggplant that tasted that great. It was perfectly cooked and the cheese melted in my mouth. YUM. We also had the beet and goat cheese salad. That was pretty tasty also.. the perfect mix drizzled with olive oil... and least but not last, we had the dessert... oh I thought I died and went to heaven. Bread pudding mixed with ice cream covered with raspberry syrup... I don't care for sweets too much but I couldn't stop eating it. . . My friend really liked their sparkling sangria. The second time we had the tortilla espanola(hot) and manchego cheese- mac and cheese.. This folks is something you should not miss out on. . . Did I mention the service was impeccable and they even called a cab for us. One of my favorite places. Now if I could just go back to Vegas more frequently I would definitely do so. Go here. Just in case the 4 1/2 stars didn't persuade you to do so:)
My favorite place in Vegas!! So good.. I love tapas.. so delish.. I love being able to try different things and I haven't had one bad thing from here.. . I try to go for happy hour and sit at the bar. The bartenders are really nice and quick. Happy hour drinks are half off and you get a free plate of appetizers. It's a small portion of 3-4 items but free! The drinks are so good.. mojitos and sparkling sangria.. must try!. . Food is amazing.. if you don't like it then you are seriously insane!
Firefly serves up consistently gorgeous tapas, it's my favorite place to catch up with friends in town.. . Fav dishes are the ceviche (OMG!), the stuffed dates (OMG OMG!) and the sliders (m'kay I'm hungry now!). All of the aforementioned should most definately be washed down with the delicious sangria which flows freely at Firefly. . . If you've never been here, you're seriously missing out!
This place was amazing!! I've been trying to find a place like this in San Diego,  Unfortunately, I will have to miss this until I go back to Vegas.  . . This place is always crowded on the peak times people usually want to eat.  But my friends and I got very lucky having the munchies so late at night and on the weekday.  . . The most unforgettable tapas for me was the Stuffed Dates!  Bacon wrapped, creamy filling and just a perfect blend of taste all the way around.  Who doesn't like bacon?  Maybe Vegetarians will be transformed to be meat eaters after eating this dish.  . . They have a pretty good sangria and I love their restaurant set up.  I felt very comfortable especially in their large booths for large groups!  . . I suggest you come early and make reservations!
Great place to eat tapas (without having to deal w/traffic, parking, reservations, tourists on the Strip).  We liked the following.... . Sangria (red wine) Pitcher. Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Dates... wonderful Pecan surprise inside. Shrimp Diablo... sauce is the real winner in this one. Ham and Cheese Croquetas... comfort food
my goodness, what an amazing 'off-the-strip' eat. . I echo my fellow colleagues in saying the bacon wrapped dates are heavenly and the red sangira is absolutely delicious. It gets pretty busy so I would go before 7pm if you don't want to wait to get seated. . . What to order. Bacon Wrapped Dates: If you have a party of 4 or more, I would get 2 orders of these. One will only have you itching for more.  They are fantastic; the perfect combination of sweet and salty. Tierra y Mar skewers: Each skewer has a distinct flavor and is perfectly seasoned. One order is probably enough because you want to be trying all the other wonderful things on this menu!. Lamb Chops: I have died and gone to food heaven. The spices in this dish was incredible and the lamb was so tender.  Even for non-lamb lovers, there is no gamey taste so don't worry!. . Highlights. Food, food, food, sangira, food, food. It's SO decently priced!! 4 of us, 7 plates with a pitcher of sangira $100!. . Lowlights. I don't really have any. Well, there can be a waitif you go too late ie. after 7:30pm. Also if you are looking for something romantic and intimate, Firefly may be a little noisy for you. You can still have a conversation but if I whispered sweet nothings to my hunny... he wouldn't be able to hear it :)
I love this place. I discovered it one day walking down paradise blvd cause I was staying off the strip @ the Marriott. It's a Tapas place I have taken almost everyone of my friends to when I go to Vegas with. The prices are so much cheaper then the casino. When you there order the ribs, Mac n cheese, shrimp diablo, Thai beef salad, and the fries. Everything is super tasty and delicious. Its open late but it's perfect food for when you plan to go out to the clubs and party. Stop by and try it.
I don't know where to start on this place. Every time I go to Vegas I have to eat here once. Happy hour is amazing! .  . MUST HAVES: chorizo stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped dates, sliders and the 3 day marinated sangrias.. . I recommend making reservations on thurs-sat nights it gets packed!!
Servers were really nice, usually restaurants with reputations like Firefly have snobby servers but everyone was really accommodating and nice. The food was great! We tried the Tuna Tartar, Filet Mignon Sliders, Spicy Shrimp, and clams. Everything came out fresh and at perfect temperatures. All of the dishes were perfectly seasoned and I would definitely recommend this place!
This place is dynamite son!. . I had pretty much the whole menu since I came with a big party and everything, I mean everything, was fire.  Best of the best in Las Vegas so far.  I will make this spot a stop in my list for every trip I take to Vegas.  The sangria was also really good.  I have no idea what kind of butter they serve with their side bread but I gained 10lbs just eating that junk.  ooo weeee 5 Stars all the way!  Great service too.
Perfect starter to a wild Vegas night.. . I love tapas joints and this is one the best.  The menu here is excellent with a wide variety of original dishes that wont break the bank.  The ambiance is loungey hip and the service is excellent.  Ive been here several times with large groups and they have catered nicely to us each time.  Place is pretty popular so dinner time usually has a wait but there is a bar for you to pass the time.  . . Here are some of my favorite plates:. . Filet Mignon Sliders - Juicy patty full of flavor and deep fried onion strings on top give it a crunch.. . Firefly Fries - Goes great with the sliders and good item to share.. . Chorizo Clams - Delicious! Chorizo adds richness and the broth makes a great dip for the bread.. . Crispy Duck Roll - Kind of a small dish, but if your into duck this thing is bomb.. . Stuffed Dates - Just a real tasty little concoction with great flavor.  Very good appetizer to start things off.. . This place is an off the strip secret for some great fine dining and a perfect warm up to some good times.  Parking is a little tough but you'll manage.
Good drink prices even if its not happy hour. Their sangria's are delicious! Amazing food...at least what i ordered was yummy....a Vegas hot spot! Loved it definitely will go again soon!
In the words of the effervescent and poorly dress MC Hammer this place is: Two legit, two legit to quit! Hey, hey! Two legit, two legit to quit! Hey, hey!. . Located in a strip mall near the Las Vegas Convention Center, it would be very easy to overlook Firefly and run off to its more glamorous competitors...but I'm so happy we took a cab to enjoy this local favorite. The atmosphere at Firefly has a friendly and slightly frantic feel to it as it's packed to the brim with a mix of tourists and locals. We waited by the bar and met some really nice people who we chatted with and they offered us some of their food. Wow, how nice is that?!. . We were seated about 5 minutes after we arrived and were taken outside to another door which opened to the other half of the restaurant. I guess they expanded but didn't knock down the wall in between. We didn't really care, we were just happy to get a table quickly! . . As other reviewers have written the small plates can get pricey, especially if you've got a YELP sized appetite, but the food is delish! We ordered 10 different dishes and all you have to know is three words: Bacon wrapped dates. Do it, do it right now you fool!. . Yelp 365 Challenge: #48/365 (The Dates)
Rasberry and blood orange mojito and lamb skewers this time. mmmhhh everything was to die for.
Firefly is my go to place when I stop my gambling frenzy and realize that all the typical restaurants have already closed and I'm hungry.  So whether you want to load up on a bunch of tapas or are just looking for a place to drink without having to talk over loud club music, this is worth going to.  I had a whole bunch of dishes and can't remember them all so I just wrote a few of the memorable ones:. . Tuna Tartare:  layers of mango, marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips.  Can you say yum?. . Ceviche of shrimp:  tiger shrimp, avocado, crispy corn tortilla.  Just the right marinade of flavors mixed together.. . Stuffed dates:  bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese.  If you told me to order this, I would decline.  But if someone else is ordering it, of course it's obligatory to try, right?  O-M-G.  What a delightful surprise of deliciousness!  . . A group of us went and shared a whole bunch of dishes so it was perfect, while we talked and drank.  There was a slight wait, even at 11pm at night but we didn't mind since we could order drinks at the bar.  Enjoy!
It's hard not to love this place, the food, atmosphere and service is all very good.. . Thanks to yelp reviews and some TV time, I found out about this gem and learned it's a locals favorite.. . Took a 2.6mile walk from the Circus Circus (Thank goodness you can drink on the street), a little long but good exercise.  Got to this place, pretty typical strip mall but could tell this place was popular.. . Walked in to the lounge area, awesome atmosphere and was seated right away on one of their low couches.  Scanned the menu, ordered some drinks and some food.. . Bacon Wrapped Dates - Perfect!. Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms - Decent. Chorizo Clams - Amazing. . Absolutely great experience, 3 dishes and 3 drinks for the two of us and we got out of there for around $50, wish we had time to go back, this is definitely somewhere you don't want to miss on a visit to Vegas, it's worth going out of your way for.. . Also because this place is so popular, there are always a taxi or two waiting outside, very convenient.
We were a group of 8 and ordered over 20 dishes.  My friend put it most eloquently: amazingestballs.
This was my second time eating here.  Several of us stopped after a party for dinner.  We didn't arrive until around midnight.  I am always a little concerned when ordering food near closing time but we were pleasantly surprised.  The food couldn't have been better.. . Rodger was our waiter, he had one or two other servers helping and as is often the case, they really helped us enjoy the meal.  We ordered a few items and then asked Rodger to pick a few and surprise us.  . . He picked the Mac and cheese and bacon wrapped dates.  They were so good we ordered another order of the dates.  We also had a salad and a petit filet.  The salad was crisp and delicious; the filet very tender and cooked perfectly.  . The rest of us had the paella - unbelievably good!  The saffron was not overwhelming, the seafood was plentiful and cooked just right.  I hate to admit it, but we ended up ordering another paella because it was so good.  With all that food for 4 of us, we took most of the second paella to go.  It was still good the next day!. . Great service, great food - love Firefly!  . . J
I'm going to write this review from a different perspective this time, and that is from a large group dining situation.  I was in charge of planning a bachelor party dinner for a group of 25, and that proved to be no small task for Las Vegas.  Most of the places I tried wanted any combination of the following: a very strict prix fixe menu, a signed contract, a minimum of $100/person (not including alcohol, tax, and tip) and a 50% deposit up front.. . I usually stop by Firefly at least once every Vegas trip so I am well aware of how amazing their food is.  I figured to give them a shot at hosting our group after unsuccessfully booking at Tao, SushiSamba, and a number of other restaurants on the Strip.  Regina was extremely helpful, more so than I could have ever asked for!. . Firefly required a prix fixe menu, but they let me select 6 dishes + 1 dessert that would be served.  The choices I had were of a large variety so we had everything for literally every taste in the group.  The best part was that the food was all you can eat, so the restaurant brought out one complete round of the 6 dishes, and if anyone wanted any more of any dish, the kitchen would cook it right up and send it out.  Unlimited food and "basic" beverage (i.e. coffee, tea, soda) came out to be $32.50/person before tax and tip.  This was by far the best dinner value I found for a large group!  The next closest value I could find was $75/person at Tao.. . During the planning phase I must have emailed the restaurant a dozen times and every single time, Regina was very prompt with her response.  This was a great relief because I was so used to not getting a response from some of the restaurants on the Strip.  I don't quite understand why some of those other places would make it so hard for me to book a group reservation, but I am glad Firefly came in and saved the day.  They required a credit card number to hold the reservation, but nothing was charged until the day of the event.  This was very nice because I didn't want to have to front the entire bill for the group before the trip.. . This was my first large group planning, and I don't envy those of you charged with the same task.  Let me tell you, do yourself a favor and give Firefly a shot.  You can read virtually any of the other reviews to know about their food and atmosphere, but if you need reassurance that they can admirably handle your large group, I hope I have provided that.  Kudos to you, Firefly!
Real Tapas!! Delicious tapas! Estrella Galicia lager.  Killer Mojitos!
This is bar none the best restaurant we've been to on this vegas trip.  $3 margaritas, $3.5 mojitos, etc at happy hour made us extremely happy.  Great drinks at cheap prices.  Those happy hours on the strip can't compare to their drinks.  The food blew my expectations away.  Stuffed dates, diablo shrimp, paella, skewers were all freakin awesome.  The filet mignon sliders weren't bad either.  To top it all off, the service was great.  What more could you ask for in a restaurant?  Don't waste your money on the strip, save it for here, you won't be disappointed.
Excellent food, not too expensive.  Awesome service.  We had a small wait when we walked in without a reservation on a Monday night.. . It's dark, a little loud, and cozy.. . I lovetapas, and these guys do it well.
Really, really liked this place.  . . Service was very quick.  Came in with 5 min to spare at end of happy hour.  Our server came right over and we managed to squeeze in an order of sangria before happy hour ended.  . . Diablo shrimp was my favorite.  A little sweet but excellent.  Stuffed dates were also very good.
Great place!  Tasty food, fast service, this is a great place to get off the strip for a quality meal.
OMG. I'm so in love. Make me wanna say OH OH OH. OMG.. . I love, love, love this place! It's works well for groups and dates. It's the everything place!. . Firefly is a tapas restaurant. Tell your friends it's a tapas place and they think it's a titty bar. For reals. . . I've never ordered anything here and not been pleased. There are a variety of different option: hot tapas, cold tapas, meats, seafood, vegetarian, and desserts. There are entree options, but ordering a variety of everything with a group of 4 or more is the way to go! They also have this plate with bread, olives, and butter that is complimentary. I have no idea what that herby-butter goodness is, but it blows my mind.. . What really wins me over is Firefly's mojitos (various flavors) and sangria (red, white, or sparkling wine options). They can be ordered by the picture and for a group of 4, everyone will have about 2 glasses a piece and it's a steal at $18. . . Venture off the Strip and get here people. You will not be disappointed. You will be delighted.. . The few downsides of this place are the looooong wait times at peak hours and the noise level. It is loud. It's even louder when their is a DJ blasting Spanish music. I deal with it, though. I also prefer to sit out side.
must add was there last Tuesday and now the skinny drinks they have added are awesome!! Could sip on them all night. And the Tuna Tar Tar  and mancheco mac n cheese shut the front french doors DELISCIOUS!!!!
I am going to steal the opening words from Raymond B's review. Not because he is my friend, but because he is intelligent, and one awesome dude.. . "Life is all about"....great food, fantastic drinks, spent with people you care about. . . Ladies and gentlemen of Yelp....Firefly is that spot. I've used this spot as a go-to date spot, but most recently, I had two good friends in town from LA.. . We checked in for our reservation (make one, just in case), and we were promptly seated. Immediately, we ordered the bacon wrapped dates (famous here), and a pitcher of Sangria (red). The Sangria marinates for three days, so you know it's legit.. . Then came out the rest of our food. The Manchego Mac n Cheese, the Chorizo plate, the stuffed mushrooms, the apple manchego salad...the list goes on. We went to down.. . Tapas at it's best.. . This is THE best place to eat and drink with those you care about, and with those you want to impress. . . If you are from out of town, make sure you stop in. 700+ reviews. Vegas knows how to do food. This place lives up to the hype.
Went here to eat with my husband and two friends.  Everything was fantastic!  Service, atmosphere, drinks and food.  Can't wait to go back for our birthday!!  Best eats in Vegas, forget the Strip..
My favorite place to go in Vegas, I always go back.  Fantastic Sangria, fantastic eats, friendly waitstaff, great atmosphere.  In our small group, we ordered an array of delicious delights, loving the mushroom tarts, the stuffed dates, and really pretty much everything we tried.  Usually there is one dish at a Tapas place that you don't like.  Not here.    Travel over off the strip, and go here.  It's been consistently wonderful for the last 5 years I've gone.
LOVE this place. LOVE. . . In the last 3 years, I've been to Vegas at lease 12 times. No joke.  So how (HOW?!) is it possible that I've JUST had the pleasure of dining at Firefly? Shame on me, shame on me. . . Came here for dinner around 6:30 on a Saturday night and we were seated right away (score!).  . . We ordered a handful of dishes and each dish left our table clean.  Not so much as a kernal of rice.  Everything was so amazing!. . The order:. Stuffed Dates: Ummm...HEAVEN. MUST ORDER.  Dates stuffed with walnuts, wrapped with bacon and topped with crumbled cheese. No, it doesn't get any better. . . Camarones Al Aljillo: Garlic Butter shrimp.  Large shrimps drowned in decadent butter garlic sauce with toast for dipping. Need I tell you how delicious this was?. . Crispy Duck Roll: Super tasty--like pecking duck or eggrolls?  You'll love this. . . Chicken Skewers: Really good, but nothing special. . . Tuna Tartar: Sooooooooooooooo good!  . . Seafood Paella: Loaded with seafood! SUPER good...wonderfully seasoned. . . One of my favorite places in Vegas.  Will definitely be back and I'd certainly recommend it to anyone and everyone.  . . Flan: Delicious! . . Banana sandwiches with nutella: Ummm...this dish didn't even last a minute.  We devoured it.  We drank all the nutella sauce.  It's that good.
Make reservations!  Were in LV for a seminar and had 8 pm reservations.  Walked in at 7:30 with hopes that they could take us in early but there was a mob of people waiting to be seated but lucky us, we had the foresight to make reservations so we were seated at 7:40 before anyone in the mob.. . Everything was amazing from food to service. I am a lover of great wine so was hesitant to order a sangria (code word for wine cooler) but  I finally had the red sangria and it was delicious.  I will definitely order one in the future.
This is always my first recommendation for anyone who is looking for a guaranteed good meal and visiting Las Vegas for the first time. The stuffed dates are a party in my mouth! The ham and cheese croquetas are classic and fantastic.  The service is almost always on point considering they are busy from open to close. You can have an amazing meal here and still walk out with money in your pocket.
THIS IS THE BEST SPANISH RESTAURANT PERIOD!!! i have nothing but positive things to say about this place the dish's each time we go cooked to perfection and the atmosphere is great! the Paella(has shellfish shrimp and miscellaneous sea dwelling additives on Spanish rice) is by far my favorite and the mojitos are amazing as well.....if your ever near this place and wanna have a good meal ......look no further because you found it =)
I live in Vegas and I always enjoy going to Firefly.  It is my go to place to take people who come to town to visit.  There is a varied menu of tasty tapas with something for everyone.  Get a pitcher of sangria or mojito to really make things fun.  My wife and I have a handful of things that we enjoy, but after coming here many times with various people with different tastes, I have not had a bad dish here.  You can get out with a cheap lunch without drinks, but it is still reasonable for a full night of dinner and drinks.. . Firefly is packed late night, but if you can manage to get a seat it's a great late night snack.
Best. Sangria. PERIOD.. . Came by myself but ended up finding another friendly diner who was willing to split a selection of tapas dishes with me. We tried the artichoke toasts, stuffed dates, padron peppers, warm spinach salad, roasted eggplant cannelloni, manchego mac 'n' cheese, a fruit and cheese platter, and of course the sangria. Each dish was delightful, although the warm spinach salad was my least favorite. To be fair, it was up against some really flavorful, memorable dishes. I would eat the stuffed dates every day if my arteries would allow it.. . Not to beat a dead horse, but this place has ruined all other sangria for me. I eagerly await my next trip to Vegas, if only for the chance to dine here again.
OMG this place is amazing!   . . Overall though - this place is absolutely phenomenal.  Amidst all the Michelin and 5-Star Zagat rated places this is a great local jewel that is excellent.  . . We shared Tomato-basil soup (served with mini grilled brie sandwich), Camarones a la diabla (its shrimp, served w/ spicy chile sauce, grilled bread), Tuna tartare (marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips), and Steamed mussels (red curry, white wine and coconut cream).  . . The tomato soup was ok - not really anything to write home about - the combination with the grilled brie sand was what made the dish.  If you like grilled cheese its nice to try - and the sandwich was a small portion so perfect true tapas style.  The shrimp was really good - the sweet/spicy tangy sauce made it just amazingly tasty!  Tuna tartare (marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips), was good, tuna was really fresh and the chip made a nice contrasting taste.   The mussels were actually really good - and I dont normally eat nor like mussels often, they were made really well with a lot of flavor was different.  . . Drinks wise, tasted both the (red-wine) Sangria and Raspberry Mojito.  Both were really well-made and I can think of the taste as I am writing this.  If you like red-wine - I agree with other opinions - Sangria is a must try! . . Couple of things to note - you should definitely try and make reservations - and also this is a $10-15 cab ride from the stip.  Additionally - the food tends to come out very fast so please be aware - they real do a good job at getting tables moving.  . . This is an excellent place, phenomenal value for money and probably a secret hide-out amidst the glitz and glamor of Vegas!  Looking forward to going back.  . . Only piece of advice - please please FireFly management have an area of the restaurant where the music is not soo loud and its a bit more mellow.
Firefly has the best mojitos North of the Caribbean! My favorite is the their signature Paradise Mojito: coconut rum, pineapple flavor, mint, etc. -- simply delicious! . . If you're in the mood for a snack, their tapas aren't half bad either. The menu has something for everyone's taste including filet mignon sliders, stuffed peppers, macaroni and cheese, tres leches cake, and so much more! Everything on the menu tickles your taste buds with rich spices and unique flavor combinations.. . This place is a great setting for a light lunch, a date, or a late night snack. The atmosphere is fun and energetic with a Latin twist. The downside? Everybody agrees -- it can get a bit crowded on nights and weekends. But its worth it, trust me!
The food and sparkling sangria are amazing! Stuffed dates, sliders, fries, baked cheese with chorizo, pretty much everything. Small plates so bring other people and order a lot to share. Even the bread and butter they bring out it good. The only thing I had there that I didn't like was a spinach salad. Go figure. The only other downside is the long wait and cramped atmosphere, but it is worth it. Go for happy hour, not as busy and have price drinks, even pitchers.
There's nothing to say about Firefly that others haven't already said but I'd like to offer up a few thoughts.  For one, it's gotta to be one of my favorite restaurants to be at in Vegas.  The ambiance, the aura, and the sangria/cocktails (definitely a struggling AA members nightmare), are awesome.  Secondly, I love how fast the food comes to the table when you order something.  I like things done lightning fast so I was surprised with the 21-service rating in Zagat.  I'd have thought is would have been around 23-24.  The food rating is where it's at though 24 sounds just about right.  What I love most about Firefly though is how reasonable their prices are.. . Here's a listing at our recent visit:. Pitcher Sangria - $28. Boquerones - $5.50. Beet Salad - $5.50. Dates - $4. Pulpo Asado - $7.50. Steamed Mussels - $8. Empanada - $4.50. Crispy Duck Roll - $6. Babyback Ribs - $9.50. Lamb Chops - $8.50. Paella - $20. . Not all of what we ordered was good.  But, all-in-all, NICE!  My favorites were the Empanada, Steamed Mussels, and Babyback Ribs.  Pretty decent dishes were the Boquerones (anchovies), Crispy Duck Roll (just the duck itself), and the Paella (although I can make a better paella with my eyes closed...paella is the only thing I can cook though).. . You can't do Vegas without a visit to Firefly for some quality food at reasonable prices!
I can't say enough good things about Firefly. I have been there for New Year's Eve, dinners with friends, drinks after work, and nights out.  Everything on the menu is delicious!  I have never had a bad meal. The sangria is the best I have ever had.  My favorite tapa is probably the bacon wrapped dates, but they are all delicious.
At first I was quite hesitant about this place since I am from California and not familiar with places to eat in Las Vegas.  However, after eating at this place, I am definitely coming back to eat there the next time I visit.  The food was superb!  I ate here in a group of 15 people.  The bill was quite expensive for our group, so that may be something you want to consider if you plan on having more than just a few friends out with you.  Even though it was very pricy, the food was phenomenal.  They serve small portions, but you savor every bite.  The sangria was good as well.  Service was very fast and the environment was so enjoyable we ended up staying there for well over two hours.  The wait to get in since we didn't have reservations was easily thirty minutes, and the waiting area was so packed we had to wait outside (it was around 10 PM).  This place is worth at least one visit if not more than that.
Great atmosphere...great meal...there is something for everybody!  Prices are very reasonable, you get a lot of food for the price you pay.  The drinks have a heavy pour...well worth the visit to any of the locations in Vegas!
For all the fanfare, the location was a little hard for me. Using a map app on my phone, I thought it was a short hop-skip-and-a-jump from UNLV. Boy, was I wrong--those are some huge blocks--and it was cold, windy and rainy. By the time I saw Firefly, it was like a safe haven after trekking in the wilderness of Vegas streets or something. I entered into the dark, reddish lights, seeing mostly couples and small groups of friends, so I sat alone in my corner, ready to feast!. . Also, when you sit, they bring you a plate of olives, bread, and garlic butter, which is a plus.. . Red Sangria- 3 1/2-stars- Obviously, I made sure I arrived for Happy Hour. At first sip, the flavor was strong, but not potency in the alcoholic sense. Just the pure strength of red wine was awakening. Digging around in my glass with fruits, I did nibble out pieces of apply.. . Sparkling Sangria- 5-stars- If it's your first time, I'd surely suggest this first. It's definitely sweeter and lighter in flavor. I nibbled out some blueberry and apple pieces. As this was the second glass, I'm unsure if the effervescence made the alcohol hit faster or harder, but I felt a little happy after this glass.. . Stuffed Dates- 4 1/2-stars- You receive four dates per plate. The dates are bacon-wrapped, with smoked almonds, a red wine reduction sauce, and crumbled bits of bleu cheese. The bacon explodes with juiciness. Just underneath, the dates crunch lightly with their sweet and creamy texture. I'll admit the dish turned out a bit too oily for me--whenever I can feel a thick oiliness on my lips, I get uncomfortable. The bleu cheese adds a depth of sharp and earthy surprise, which is a good things, because it keeps your senses alive. Definitely a good choice of date or bacon, or just plain flavor lovers.  . . Lamb Skewers- 4-stars- You receive two skewers per plate. All I can say is that the aroma hits you immediately, which is a potent mix of all the ingredients. Definitely an interesting surprise. Your plate includes leg of lamb, mushrooms, red bell peppers, red wine sauce and lentils. The red peppers add a level of fresh, sweet flavor between each piece of lamb, well marinated with the red wine. Each skewer has about 3-4 huge chunks of juicy, cooked lamb--some pieces very tender, other very chewy. The overall flavor is earthy and delicious, I am definitely a fan of lamb. The bed of lentils is very interesting, as it seems to have captured the drippings and all the flavors and juices. Even if you don't want to eat it, you should taste a spoonful.. . Atmosphere-- There are more secluded side areas, and then a larger space with windows letting white daylight in. I say this, because the rest of the establishment had a muted red tone to it. There is a beautifully arranged bar in the corner, next to their kitchens. The decor is nice, relaxing, yet artistic, with even a fish tank above the entry way. The music is a little loud, so people are also talking louder to compensate. There is also a television next to the bar for people who have no one to talk to.. . Service- Although I was greeted by one person and taken to a table, I found myself helped by a half-dozen different people. One person I ordered a sangria from, another person I ordered my meal, and someone else came to deliver my different plates. At least I didn't need to worry about who to ask for help--anyone passing by was fine, because they all asked how I was doing. At least your glass will never be empty here.. . Conclusion- As a visitor, the location made it almost too 'locals-only', especially since the bus back to the strip was in a deserted business area. I'd definitely eat and run before the sun sets early. The look and feel of the place is great. There are dozens of tapas to pick from, it's just too bad I had eaten a few hours beforehand, and had to meet a friend on the Strip for dinner. The food is also awesome. Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area or have a car, I wouldn't bus it.
I've been here twice now, and I'll be back again! I love the atmosphere, I love the food, and the service is good too. I like being able to try a little bit of everything, and then washing it down with some sangria! There was not one thing that I would not order again, it's all good! While there may not be a lot of restaurants that feature tapas, this one is definitely on top - and it's good to be #1, even if it's a short list.. . I feel like a lot of the off-strip places get overlooked in Vegas, but this place deserves some of the spotlight - which is pretty impressive considering it's in one of the food capitals of the world. If you want something in between the super fancy restaurants and the food courts in Vegas, this place is a must-try!
This is one of the best restaurant that i ever visited in Las Vegas.  The place is not hard to find and the atmosphere is great, came here during Christmas eve and the people is so welcoming.. . The food was delicious, it is appetizer style and encouraging us to order wine to cope with the food.. . Pros: great price, great food, great service, and great decor. . Cons: wine is fine but not great, bread is free but is cold upon delivered, table were ruined and bouncy.. . Another thought: will visit this place again, great for dating or family or friends!
There's so many extensive reviews already I don't need to write another, just want to add that this is my favorite place to eat in all of Las Vegas!  You might wait a while to get in but it's worth it.. . Don't miss the filet sliders or infused vodka martini, but don't try to stand up too quickly after more than one!
I made a Yelp account just so I could review this place. I think the food was AMAZING! This place is definitely one of my favorite parts of Las Vegas.. . I had the Veggie Empanadas, Apple Manchengo Salad and the Tomato Basil Soup and they were all delicious. I also tried my friends' stuffed peppers, veggies and lentils and fish sticks and lentils, and they all tasted so, so good. My favorite dish was probably the Veggie Empanadas, but I loved them all.. . The service was really good too. The servers came by our table very frequently to make sure everything was going okay. Ours even split our check for us and cracked a few jokes as we ate. The atmosphere was also nice. Good music, dim lighting with candles scattered about, friendly people, a bar, etc. It was all nice.. . Upon leaving the restaurant, my friends and I made a pact. We will one day eat at Firefly again. Whether or not we visit the Vegas strip again is still uncertain...but we will go to Firefly.. . If you're in town, you MUST check out Firefly. I loved it! :)
Didn't try one thing I didn't love!!!. . We attempted to eat dinner here for my bday which was a Friday & we waited to go till 9:30 which was a mistake... lol. They were packed. Bar area had tons of people standing all around it. Entrance going in was so packed you could barely get to hostess stand. Very low lighting. Reminded me of nightclub atmosphere, lol. So given all this & us being locals we decided we would come back another day during happy hour because we were way too hungry to wait. . . So we went the folowing Friday around 4, during Happy Hour. Got seated & served water immediately :) House made White Sangria was tastey although I think I will have  to try the red next time.. . We tried 5 diff tapas & they were all amazing. Pork empanadas, calamari, chx salad, ham & chz croquotte, filet mignon sliders. LOVED them all.. . The bread & butter they give you is also very good. The butter is sweet & has some kind of ground up nuts in it I believe.
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!! The food is always delicious, the atmosphere is always warm, and the Sangria is delicious.
This place is delicious! We dined here with a party of six so we were able to sample a lot of of different dishes. The favorites were the bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese (need I say more?), the tuna tartare, and flash fried peppers. We also had the filet mignon sliders, the stuffed mushrooms, and grilled shrimp. It was all very good. We also shared a carafe of sangria, although some in our group did not like the sangria, so we also ordered a bottle of wine. We did not have room for dessert, so I will have to go back for that. And the price was right, I think our bill was $200 for 6 of us!
The best calamari I have ever tasted in my life. The sangria is also amazing. It is a very nice environment but if you don't get there early then be prepared to wait up to an hour and a half for a seat.
Great experience. . . We had a group of 25. So, automatically that would be a change for most restaurants. In addition our dinner was the same time as day one of the CES Tradeshow. Consindering this Tradeshow is the largest in Vegas and the close proximaty of the convention center we could have been in for a chalenge. . Even with the situation at hand. The restaurant did an amazing job. . Service was fast and friendly. Food was great taisting and timely. . If you are new to this restaurant then:. TAPAS style. Hip dark atmosphere . $20 to $50 a person pending appetite. . . Very close to the strip. . Most locals and tourists have it in their dining rotation. . . They are Especially known for their sangria.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! We come to Firefly at least once a month for tapas and drinks. . . Firefly is a great spot for HH or a quick glass of sangria as a pre-game before heading out for the night. The food is consistently delicious and the white sangria is my favorite. And if you're craving something sweet the banana and nutella sandwiches hit the spot. Some of my favorite tapas are:. . -thai beef salad. -shrimp diablo. -stuffed dates with bacon. -lamb skewers. -mussels. . The paradise location can get super packed and I think I actually prefer the lay out of the bar area of the Sahara location. It's much less cramped.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  The bacon-wrapped dates are a MUST as well as the fruit and cheese plate for dessert.  Awesome sangria (the white is my fave) and a fun, casual atmosphere.  Super friendly staff and a great way to try a bunch of different dishes.  Super reasonable prices and the food comes out insanely quickly!  Love, love love!
The most amazing place I have eaten at. It was based on small portions ( tapas), but they didn't skimp you in flavor,amount, or the price. The service was excellent! Except for the hostess's they were a little snotty, but we didn't care our servers were wonderful and the bussers were so efficient and fast! We were visiting Vegas and ate there twice within our stay! Thank you we will be back!
Delicious food + excellent service = great experience. . Very big selection of various tapas - hot, cold, seafood - lots to chose from. Bacon-wrapped figs, shrimp in spicy sauce, chorizo-chicken stuffed mushrooms, thai-style ginger salad, baby beets salad, stuffed peppers, tetilla cheese fondue - everything was outright delicious. Also don't miss on Sangria - made at a restaurant with red, white and sparkling wines - not too sweet and just with the right balance of fruit and sugar - very tasty. Great prices.. . Also have to commend the service - our waitress Sandy was very friendly and helpful, all the food came out promptly and at a write temperature. Will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.. . Highly recommended.
Thanks Yelp!. Once again, we have found a restaurant that we would not have visited if we would only have followed the tourist information in an unknown city.. . When we were in Vegas last week, we checked Yelp for restaurants close to the Hard Rock Hotel, where we stayed. Firefly on Paradise had such exceptionally good reviews that we decided to try it... And we were not disappointed.. Greeted by a very friendly waiter with the funkiest hairstyle (a leopard-Mohawk combination that rocks!), we were seated immediately at a very nice table by the window.. Following other reviews, we tried the sparkling sangria (usually I always go for red one, but omg, this is delicious!). It had blueberries, apples and pears which we picked out - awesome.. . We were pretty hungry, so we decided to go with 3 Tapas each. For European standards, that would be the minimum, here you get ore American-sized Tapas, and we were stuffed after 3 per person.. We had the Apple Manchego Salad (which I copy at home now, it's so simple yet so good), the veggie empanada (yumm), the pulpo asado (great fresh pulpo with a nice sauce), the Thai beef salad (pretty large tapa, very good), the merguez ( you get two sausages, nicely spicy), and of course we had to try the dates (my family lives in Spain, and we had a lot of bacon-wrapped dates there - Firefly dates are even better!).. We decided we had to try the desserts after those tapas, so we went with chocolate cakes tres leches and the bread pudding. Again, the presentation is mouthwatering, and the taste simply exquisite.. . It's a shame we don't live here, otherwise I'd be a regular. Make sure to try out this tapas restaurant when you're in Vegas, especially if you stay in the Hard Rock Hotel or closeby - it's just a little walk away!
Incredible food at great value.  Terrific sangria and a massive selection of tapas that includes some real winners.  Highly recommended.
Thank you fellow Yelpers! Without you, I would have never known about this hidden gem off the strip! . . We took advantage of the unusually early happy hour (4-5p) but since we were still operating on East Coast time, our bodies thought it was 7pm! All of the drinks, wines are half price so we got in under the wire at 4:45pm. The place was jam packed! Now I know why! They served the best tapas I have ever tasted in my life! (And I have been all over Spain!) Here's the rundown on what we sampled:. . Artichoke toasts (hearts, aioli, basil, pepper...mmmmm!). . Roasted eggplant cannelloni (goat cheese, tomato sauce....Absolutely mouthwatering, the tomatoe sauce is to die for!). . Lamb skewers (marinated leg of lamb, tomato, sauteed lentils, red wine sauce...Succulent!). . Steak and mushroom skewers([grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction..The steak melts in your mouth and the red wine sauce is delightful!. . The portions were ample enough so that we were confortably satisfied after sampling the above mentioned tapas selections. . . An incredible value, our dinner check with tip and tax was under $50! . . And the service was excellent as well!
Tapas....appetizers....pupus.....that's the definition.  everything on their menus are like this...tasty small plates and most are between $5-8.  Found out via other Yelpers! recommendations while going to the CES convention.  . . About a mile or so off the strip; the parking lot is small so car pool, taxi, or good luck trying out the lot....but it's well worth it.  I had the pork ribs, chicken stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped almonds?, beef/mushroom skewers...... . If you are a fan of Sangrias....order a pitcher!. . Make reservations or come early! I got there at 6 PM and a line was starting to form.
Every time I roll through Vegas, this place is a MUST visit! The atmosphere is awesome, with a young crowd and good vibes all around.  The food is reasonably priced and everything I have tried is amazing.  I'm especially a fan of the lobster escargot, the filet mignon sliders, the ahi tartar and the stuffed mushrooms.  I can't wait until I come back so I can eat here again!
My whole family went there for 'something different" and we will be back!. . Gourmet quality tapas, great for sharing!   The plates look small, but you wouldn't believe that it can fill you up!  Almost everything was gourmet quality, enticing presentation, and top notch in flavor.. . Their signature dish is the stuffed dates, and they were to die for!  One of the best things I've ever eaten in LV.! Our only disappointment was the duck.  It wasn't bad, just not that good.. . Our group of 4 hungry people was there on a Friday night, and even though we ordered booze and some of the more pricey items on the menu (including lobster), our bill managed to stay @ $110.. . The only complaint from our table is that they don't have a location in Pasadena (yet), where my family were visiting from..
best food ever and great staff had my first meal there on monday  loved it so much went back on wednesday with my friend
I love this place! I've come here for tapas for years now and still love it. Bravo!
This lil gem is by far one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. It's amazing how tasty and well priced the food is! . . We ordered many tapas for our dinner.. Calamarai-- ok I've had better. Chicken Salad- definitely refreshing. Apple and Manchego Salad- delish!. Lamb Chops- Amazing. Paella-  THE BEST DISH there (in my opinion), omg, it was soo good!!! . Stuffed Dates-- fiance said it was the worse dish all night, I didn't try it. lol. . The sparkling sangria was also delicious and refreshing.. . I've never been to such a well priced, great tasting tapas restaurant. I'm definitely going to come back!!
I absolutely adored this place. I love the tapas concept because I get to try a little bit of everything. I won't say much because I know it's already been said, but I highly recommend this place. The food was flavorful, creative and fun. The sangria was awesome and the prices were fair. The service was great. . . My favorite part was the bacon wrapped figs. It was a refreshing combination of flavors. It was like eating bacon candy!
Coming here on a Friday night for dinner is a bad idea if you're hungry cuz the wait is an hour at least. BUT, so worth the wait cuz you can wait in the bar area and drink up their mojitos =) Which I love more than their infamous sangria!. . By the time you get your name called, you'll be 3 pitchers/canters in of the stuff. Passion fruit is prolly my favorite and Paradise is my least.
From the outside: unassuming strip mall. From the inside, hip loungey restaurant and bar that looks upscale, but has great prices. Can't say enough good about Firefly - I was very impressed. The food was so incredibly delicious. My boyfriend and I split the following: the apple and manchego salas, the stuffed dates, the artichoke hearts and the tierra y mar skewers, tuna tartar, and cerviche. Tapas were just the right amount of food - not too much, and not too little. . . Great date night spot, spot to meet with your friends, or just a place to unwind after work. Great service, too.
I love Firefly, one of my favorite restaurants to go to. . . Design: 5/5 the place has dimmed lighting with ruby red lighting, very vintage. Great ambiance. . *what I USUALLY order & what YOU should order*. . Camarones Al Ajillo: 5/5 Is shrimp in this lemon butter sauce with slices of bread. When your eating it I suggest dipping the bread and letting it soak in the butter sauce. My favorite dish!. . Steak and Mushroom Skewers: 5/5 yummm its a roasted filet in a creamy garlic sauce. The sauce is a perfect add on dipping sauce for the steak. Compliments the filet's roasted flavor. . . Sangria (a pitcher): 5/5 Trust me best Sangria in town, 1 glass won't be enough. Even if your with a group of friends I usually can down 2-3 glasses myself because its so delicious. Its not acidic and it tastes like juice with a hint of EXCITEMENT .  . Service: 4/5 The hostess are very sweet, there's usually a wait. The door ways kind of small and hard to maneuver around because there's usually a lot people packed in that small area. The servers are really nice and attentive. . . Happy Hour: 5/5 I absolutely love their happy hour, I definitely take a late lunch when ever possible.  its 50% off All Drinks from 3-6pm mon-thur and fridays 3-5 Can't beat that!
Update Time! Went here for the 3rd time, in as many years. There is always a wait as the secret about these guys has gotten out over the last several years. It is worth the wait! They are still my #1 goto-spot for Vegas. Sneaked out of here under $50 for 2 people! The infused Vodka Martini was the winner of the night. Never had a fruity martini that was so well balanced and not too sweet. Other highlights include the eggplant canneloni & lamb chops. I was sad that we were swayed away from the garlic shrimp which everyone raves about but, I'll be back!
I've visited Firefly on a few occasions and am only reviewing now....bad yelper.  Hubby surprised me by taking me here for a quick early dinner before opera rehearsal and it was a welcome diversion.  We shared a red wine sangria, tuna peppers (tuna salad stuffed into wee red peppers; lovely bright flavour), sausage plate, tortilla a la espanola, filet mignon sliders (2 lovely little baby burgers with plenty of cheese), and albondigas (meatballs in a very yummy sherry tomato sauce).  It's so easy to overeat here, because each selection seems so darn small (what?  Only 4 meatballs?? only 2 sliders?), but after trying a few things, your tummy definitely says stop.  Had to have dessert -- i AM a girl -- and chose the chocolate tres leches cake.  Gah, so good.  Delectable.. . All hot items were hot, all cold items were cold, and service was pretty decent.  This place fills up fast, so don't come here with a strict timeline.  Atmosphere is trendy, young, chic, which can translate as "low lighting and close quarters," but also interpreted as intimate and cozy.  :)
I was on a trip from philly to Vegas and we just saw Motley Crue at the Joint. We wanted something to eat, and wanted to hang out for some drinks as well. Firefly did an outstanding job of serving up both items. Had Lamb Skewers, Calamari, Octopus, and some short ribs....everything was killer....i think we had some other dishes which i can't recall, probably due to the awesome pitcher of sangria that we had.  The Sangria is some of the best that i have had, and it's only 25 bucks...thats 2 beers at a club. . . Back at home I'm wishing that there was a Firefly in Philly.
Visiting for the weekend and found I Yelp. This place is off the chart good AND a great value. Sat at the adjacent bar to avoid wait. Greg the bartender saw to our every need, his recommendations were all the best and he makes a mean drink. Not fond of Sangria but theirs is the best. Bacon wrapped dates, skewers of fillet and mushroom, mussels, shrimp, lamb..,.,,,  Will always eat her every time I come to Vegas in the future
Whenever I come to Vegas, I always look for good food. Unfortunately, a lot of the food in Vegas are over priced and honestly not worth it at the inflated prices. Fortunately, the food off strip are super affordable and really good. And more and more, I find myself going off the strip for good food. . . Our weekend Vegas trip was coming to an end and our group wanted some good food but not too much since some of us were still hungover from the night before. We concluded that tapas was a great choice since we can order a lot of them and it came in small portions. . . Another good thing about eating at these places off the strip is that they aren't full of tourists so there's no hour waits. When we got here during lunch time, we had no line, no nothing. We were immediately seated and started ordering. My friends ordered a pitcher of red sangria which was a cure all for those with a hangover. Overly ambitious, we started ordering the tapas. The price ranged from 6-10$ and the servings for each dish served for 2-3 people. We ordered everything from the shrimp ceviche, firefly fries, filet sliders, grilled octopus, steamed mussels, steak & mushroom skewers and the bacon wrapped dates. Everything was delicious! The shrimp ceviche had the right amount of acid and freshness and the shrimps weren't over cooked. The fries were great and the garlic aioli was PERFECT. And thanks to the other yelper's recommendation of the bacon wrapped dates, those were to die for. The only complaint that I actually had were the grilled octopus. They were kind of overcooked so they were a lot chewier than I would prefer them to be. . . Overall, the service of this place is great and the setting is perfect for a tapas bar. If you want good, affordable food (especially after a weekend of gambling), you should really check out this local's joint for some GOOD with no wait.
I have been a Vegas regular for many years now. Growing a bit tired of my "on the strip" restaurant selections, I've been making it my goal to branch out.  I actually came across Firefly on Yelp and from the reviews was anxious to try it.  We ate here on 2/10/12 and...what can I say....the food was excellent, the prices were fair and the sangria was potent!!  I can't wait to go back and share this place with my family and friends.  One thing to remember - it's not like this place is a secret, you can tell it's a favorite of locals and tourists who ask around will hear about this restaurant.  It's incredibly busy and you will wait for a table - so, be sure to account for that when you are making you after-dinner plans.  Enjoy!
Firefly on Paradise, has the perfect combination when it comes to  food, ambiance and music.  Sitting outside on the patio was great to enjoy the fabulous Spring weather that we have been having.. As we are 'Vegan', Firefly always has a good choice for us. We ordered our favorite dishes.. - Warm spinach salad (without feta cheese). - Patatas bravas (aioli sauce replaced with marinara sauce). . Firefly is a great place to socialize.. 2 thumbs up!!
I love this place. I live right near it and always mean to hit it again. Finally went the other night again, and realized why it rocks! Excellent food the Tapas are amazing, none were bad. Also the bar is very cool and the service and drinks are good to go
Eat It OR Beat It?. **EAT IT!!**. . BEST tapas I've tried. The pitcher of sangria (red and white) is very delicious! Normally, people who visit Vegas don't venture off the strip too much, but Firefly is a restaurant you must must visit! The dates wrapped in bacon is my personal favorite!. Forget spending 3x the money at the Bazaar in Beverly Hills for snooty subpar tapas... try this place out! . . CONCLUSION:. If you're tired of eating buffets and want to mix it up, I recommend coming to Firefly! The prices are very reasonable and the food is rich and full of flavor! So, I say, EAT IT!!!!!!!!!!
Inventive tapas, great drinks, solid service, and a swanky ambiance, make this a must every time I am in vegas.  Bacon wrapped dates that make my nipples hard, crispy duck rolls so good I peed a little bit.  Make reservations, or be ready to wait most nights, but well worth it.  Its one of those places you just cant go wrong with ordering ANYTHING...just try it
I've heard so much about Firefly from some locals, so I FINALLY had the opportunity to check this AAAMMAZZING place out. It definitely lives up to the hype and everyone's raving recommendations. I'm starting to think that I need to venture off the strip for better tasting food for cheaper prices.. . Ambiance:. Firefly has an amazing vibe. It's dimly lit, quiet, and chill. I like how you can sit on couches as opposed to chairs. You can sit comfortably on the couches while you sip on some delicious sangrias.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?userid=0f_0XfO2qcgNwSJAHwfR9g. . Food:. 1) Filet Mignon Sliders - Sliders are always a safe bet. SOOOO GOOOOOOOODDD. The meat was tender and the caramelized onions, of course, are always welcome on a burger. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=qUWwQJqRjOxq2kpOnK43hA. . 2) Smoked Salmon Toasts - if you like the fresh salmon taste, this is definitely a must! capers, pickled red onions and dill sour cream were great on the smoked salmon. yummmm. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=WCj5SXOvDukxgxMhv4lLVw. . 3) Shrimp Ceviche - very fresh.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=Da3M9N2PDmtRd6QiH9azrQ. . 4) Tuna Tartare - Didn't taste as fresh as the shrimp ceviche or the salmon, but it was still pretty dang good.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=UlE5AF8h0VoL7UxC8CO8JQ. . 5) STUFFED DATES were PERFECT! Even after reading all the reviews, I was still skeptical since I hate dates. However, I will ALWAYS order the dates here because they were bacon-wrapped and contained smoked almond, red wine reduction and blue cheese. The bacon combined with the almond, reduction, and reduction masked the flavor of the dates. Whatever they did, it WORKS.. . 6) Firefly Fries - can't go wrong with parmesan, herbs, and garlic aioli on fries. Not too salty, but enough flavor and perfectly fried.  . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=WLctqbU82YT1yw6nSKfLBQ. . 7) Manchego Mac n' Cheese - I love mac n' cheese and it didn't disappoint here.. . 8) Grilled octopus - FAIL. Overcooked and too chewy.. . Parking:. Plenty of free parking in the strip mall parking lot. Not crazy like the strip.
Affordable, fast, and delicious tapas, it's one of my new fave spots to eat at in Vegas! They don't take reservations on weekends and we stopped in at around 5P for an early dinner and were seated right away. The fries, tuna tartar, and empanadas were a few of my faves. It's well worth the visit off the strip!
Eat it. Maybe. Skip it.. . EAT IT! Def.in.ite.ly.. . As a current resident in Seattle, I lived in the Henderson / Las Vegas area for 4 years. Firefly was my all time favorite place for drinks and tapas in LV. A great place to grab some food and drinks after work and/or to take my guests from that visited me from out of town.. . The staff was very friendly. The food was plentyful. The drinks were endless.. The pitchers of passion fruit mojitos and the white wine sangria are the best thing to ever drink under the shade, alfresco, to beat that warm Las Vegas day heat, trust me. They are 10 out of 10 of the best refreshing drinks in the 702.... and the better yet, the best tapas I've had too date.. . My only mediocre critique: Firefly used to be a diamond in the rough. A locals paradise. But now I heard that sometimes it gets so busy that you have to make reservations... sad but also great for their business. I highly recommend this place to locals and visitors alike! This place will make you love the LV foodie seen and want to come back for more.
Fan.Tas.Tic. My friend who is a Yelp Elitist created a yelp restaurant list for us during our trip to Vegas the past weekend.  Although it is not on the strip, Firefly was still located in restaurant mecca where Lawry's is etc.  Our favorite dish of the evening was the LOBSTER ESCARGOT.  Had a very amazingly familiar taste (mmm, all that butter!).  Better yet, it was lobsters rather than snails!  It was excelo!. . Granted I had a four month old baby with me, I still had a great time.  There were times my baby cried, but the place was smashed with lots of people and a lot of noise, I or anyone around me couldn't even notice the sound of a crying baby.  . . Ambiance rocks with a dim pink lighting, reminding me of the atmosphere a firefly brings to a night sky. Fun setting for a group of friends! Maybe not so much for a romantic one on one date.
Super yummy tapas! Service was awesome and the food was good! Just wish I sampled their famous sangrias! One negative though! Please don't order their ahi tuna skewers! Regret!! Besides that! Stuffed dates live up to the hype and the pork empanadas are a must try! NOM!
Dimly lit restaurant and lounge. Couches. Candles. Hot hot sex. . . Dopest tapas place in Vegas and a well known local spot. Sangrias and Mojitos, fill em up. Have a yourself a good time. Hanging with friends or your lover, you're sure to have an intimate night.. . Skip the strip, come to Firefly. You'll thank me later.
Great local spot.  Filet sliders were great.  Croquetas perfect.  Went with a co-worker, portions were perfect for sharing, not too expensive.
We came here for a light lunch during the day , but I imagine the place would look pretty hip for a nighttime hangout with friends. My previous experience with Spanish tapas was pretty unremarkable... until I came to Firefly. I wasn't expecting much from bacon wrapped dates since I'm not a fan of bacon, but I was blown away by the unexpected sweet and crunchy flavor of the ones served here. They were like little bites of candy.  Bacon+ dates+ blue cheese+ almonds=genius! . . The empanadas were also delicioso but the paella was so-so here.
This place is awesome! Expect to come for a great time & delicious food & drinks. Weekends are always packed and there's always a waiting period. I recommend their happy hour in the late afternoon where it's slower and the sangria pitcher is half off!
Firefly has definitely earned my business.  I can't wait to come back to Vegas to sample more of their delicious tapas.  The sangria was so tasty, I could have downed the entire pitcher by myself if my friends weren't looking.  The chef uses fresh, quality ingredients; you can see it reflected in the dishes.  The food was so good, we had to order a second order for most of them.  We sat at the bar and the waitress was so attentive and the food didn't take long to come out even though it wasa packed house.  I've tried so many other restaurants in Vegas, 3 to 5 stars and all, some costing an arm and a leg and never have I left Vegas thinking about the food... But this time, WOW, Firefly definitely blew my socks off!!!  I was so impressed with the food and the price.  I will definitely be back!!
Fantastic food & service! We were in Vegas for my birthday and a co-worker recommended this place. Tapas and sangria were delish! Restaurant was busy when we arrived and our party of four was seated right away. Our sever Jesus greeted us right away and made some fantastic recommendations. We loved the mango barbecue ribs, crispy duck rolls, almond-bleu cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon (MUST TRY), tuna tartar, and some other really wonderful dishes. Prices were very reasonable, the food came out very quickly and our water glasses were never empty! Definitely will be back next time we are in town!
Hmm....... . 30 minute wait?  Check.. . 2 hot messes in clothing that was too tight and too young for them?  Double check.. . Great food?  Check.. . Hot hostess?  Check.. . So we got here at around 745pm on a Wednesday, and it was a little crowded, but I think it was worth it.  I grabbed a Jameson rocks and a Vodka cocktail at the bar for me and my buddy and we drank it happily while we waited for our table.  The thing that surprised me was how big and full of liquor my glass was!  I'm used to the glass being smaller and less full, so that was a nice surprise.  I hoped for a table outside since it was a nice warm night, but we got in at one of the lower slung tables near the front.  Comfortable seating at the low table.  A plate of bread and olives appears with waters soon after we got seated, and so did our server who took our order of the following... . A pitcher of white sangria. . . Cold tapas  . . Apple and Manchego Salad - Surprisingly filling for a salad, and the cheese and almonds provided for a nutty, almost meaty addition to the salad.. . Artichoke Toasts -  I didn't eat any of them, but they were pretty!. . Tuna Peppers - Marinated poppadew peppers stuffed with tuna, and seated atop a taro chip, these were perfect morsels of food combining salty sweet and crunchy!. . Boquerones - I love anchovies and I like vinegar, so I ate most of these, and am biased to salted fish, but these were awesome and I don't usually like red peppers but they make sense on this dish to contrast the brininess of the anchovies and acidity of the vin.. . Hot tapas . . Stuffed Dates - Crispy bacon wrapped around a date stuffed with a smoke almond, in a red wine sauce with blue cheese, these were like the Mediterranean Turducken you've never heard of.. . Patatas Bravas - Roasted potatoes with spicy aioli.  Wish we got the sauce on the side, and the potatoes could've been spicier, but overall solid.. . Fried Calamari - These were done well, not overcooked, crispy batter that stuck to the rings, and they included the heads!  Yes, I love tentacles, don't you??. .  Me, my wife, her sister and boyfriend split the above.  We were absolutely stuffed to the brim, and in a good way.  And, it didn't break the bank, I was expecting the bill to be much higher, but then, we did only have one pitcher and 2 drinks.  But that's because we were saving room for Luv-It.  Oh yeah...... . Go to Firefly!  You go now!
Best tapas and best value! 4-9 dollars most of the menu and the portions are larger than at their counterpart in summerlin....two dishes for each person is a great meal! they dont open until 11.30 on weekends though....
The standard-bearer for tapas in Las Vegas, and one of my top spots to bring visitors, for good reason. I have never, ever had a bad dish here.. . Bad service, on the other hand, used to be a hallmark of the Firefly on Paradise experience. I used to tell people that the way to deal with the crap service was to have enough mojitos at the bar that you don't notice how slow and forgetful the staff can be.. . Fortunately, on my recent visits to Firefly they seem to have gotten their act together. I'm not sure if the restaurant's expansion into the old Dragonfly space took some of the pressure off, or what, but it's a much more dependable meal now.. . Some of my favorite dishes on the menu here:. . Ahi tuna tartare with avocado chunks, mango and taro chips - perfect blend of textures, sweet and savory. Delish.. . Artichoke toasts, with red pepper and garlic aioli - simple, clean flavor.. . Gazpacho - cool, refreshing, and light.. . Mushroom tart - smothered puff pastry in boursin and mushroom caps - and I don't even like shrooms.. . Serrano ham & manchego cheese plate.. . Manchego mac & cheese. Baby shells smothered in bechamel and manchego - a great grown-up twist on a classic comfort food.. . Ahi tuna skewer - mango, basil, and a mouth-watering mustard ginger glaze.. . Chicken and tomato skewers - the garlic cream sauce is ridiculously rich so use it sparingly.. . As for drinks - the mojitos are where it's at. Blueberry and blood orange are quality if you're looking to broaden your horizons from the original.
Wow! Came here twice so far. Both times my group left happy and satisfied.. Can't remember everything I've had here but I'll list the standouts from my last visit.. . Filet mignon sliders: Although small, they were perfectly cooked and savory.. Calamari: Very crispy and comes with a delicious dipping sauce.. Manchego mac n cheese: Eat it when it's hot! The upper layer can get kind of hard and unappetizing but it's delicious when fresh.. . Now that i think about it, there are a lot more I would like to mention, but studying for the GMAT awaits. You should experience Firefly at least once when you're taking a break from gambling in Vegas.
Firefly is a great place, totally deserving of its Yelp rating in my opinion.  We were in Vegas, needed a good place on short notice for drinks and a late/lunch early dinner.  We got there around 4:30 or five, and later it seemed to get much busier, so short notice for a 7 pm reservation probably wouldn't be on.  But it worked out for us.  It was also happy hour, and we could have drank way more at better savings if we were trying to.  As it was, we had a pitcher of mojitos and another of margaritas, and it was all very good.. . The food was also really good.  Mac and Cheese was great, as were the ribs, and the lamb skewers (I think thats what it was).  Everything seemed fresh, menu is quite varied, and the food came out really quickly.  It all tasted great.  Ambiance at Firefly was lively, noise was about what you'd expect, but certainly not too noisy.. . Bottom line, this is not the typical Vegas experience of pricey food catered to ignorant tourists.  We are foodies, and had a great meal.  Great local spot, and I will for sure recommend this to friends on their way to sin city.
Love love love this place! It's a great starter place to get your night going!. . The last time I came here was with a group of girls for a friends birthday. We were all dressed up but didn't feel out of place. You can come dolled up or causal as well. . . We have come here several times now and ever time we've had good service. The food is very tasty as well. We always get the garlic fries and the Steak Skewers. We also try to order something new each time we visit.. . The only downfall is that we had to what an hour before being seated the past 2 visit but it was well worth it. . . We'll continue to bring our visitors here and friends that haven't been here yet. I look forward to the next Firefly visit.
We loved everything about Firefly. Stuffed dated and chocolate tres leche cake our favorites.
***** Apple monchego salad: amazingly refreshing and nicely balanced. . ***** chocokate and cherry bread pudding: next level of happiness achieved.. . **** starter bread and butter: holy moly, best free appetizer ever. . **** steamed mussels: the curry makes it great. Hope u saved some bread. . *** boquerones: if u like anchovies,  this offers a nice few bites. Goes well with the roasted peppers. . . *** red wine sangrias: stiff drinks but not mind blowing by any means. Just a solid drink with ur meal. . *** sliders: really salty, too much bread, but the quality of the meat saves it.. . ** empanada: overdose of sour cream, not impressive.. . ***** service was quick. Food came out in a timely manner. Very pleased.. . . Im freaking well fed and can barely breathe after this meal. Amazing.
Firefly, BEHOLD: a little dance party in your mouth--refreshing, fun, and just the precise amount to enjoy it all.  From the service to the sangria to the tapas, Firefly does it right. 4.5 stars.. . This place is an absolute delight. My friends and I enjoyed ourselves over white sparkling sangria and a ton of small plates. Good food, good drink, good company = good time. In its entirety, Firefly is the perfect Saturday lunch spot for a group of friends looking to enjoy some downtime.. . Recommended dishes: Firefly fries, camarones al ajillo, ahi tuna tartare, mushroom and lentils, Serrano ham and manchego cheese, sangria... I could go on but really, I loved everything.
As I sit here in the cold of another Chicago spring I have to find a happy place in my mind.  To do this I close my eyes and think back to one week ago today and the warmth of the Las Vegas sun on the Firefly patio.  I can not say enough about this restaurant.  We enjoyed it so much that after going for dinner on Thursday night we went back for lunch on Friday.  We are now on a quest to find something on the menu that we do not like.  I have a feeling that will not be easy.  Stuffed dates awesome....fries awesome....firefly fish sticks awesome.  In two visits in two days we had 10 different tapas....2 different sangria's and a mojito and the fruit infused vodka which I thought was awesome.  Please do not be afraid of the off strip location it is an easy cab ride to some of the best food in Vegas hands down.
Firefly never disappoints. As a matter of fact I think it keeps getting better. It's like a fine wine. The stuffed dates are probably the single greatest thing I've ever eaten. I've since gone vegetarian, so I can no longer partake in those sweet bacon wrapped dreams, but there are still many great vegetarian option for me to enjoy. I haven't often looked back after going vegetarian, but the stuffed dates are definitely one thing I miss.
I absolutely LOVE Firefly. This was my first introduction to Tapas food and I haven't looked back since. . There are so many great things to say. Lets start with the Sangria. The servers often say they're famous for their Sangrias, some of course are better than others and i usually recommend the sparkling, it literally drinks like juice! . As far as the food goes its a smorgasbord of deliciousness!!! I'm a huge fan of tapas because they offer me a little taste of everything so my taste buds are happy and the prices aren't overly expensive. . To any one going to Firefly for the first time I recommend the stuffed dates. They literally make my heart go pitter patter lol !!  Oh and dont forget the Nutella and banana sandwiches... You'll thank me later!
This place was outstanding.  Went here while visiting a friend in Vegas.  We ordered a pitcher of white sangria during happy hour.  Im not a huge fan of sangria, but this stuff was perfect.  Very refreshing.  For an appetizer, i had the Tuna Tartare.  Perfectly done with avacado and taro chips.  My mouth is watering now just thinking about it.  next, I ordered the lobster escargot.  Its like clam casino but with lobster.  The portion was huge for $10.   Then i had the TIERRA Y MAR SKEWERS[grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde]  This was OUTSTANDING.  The flavors of the meat with the salsa verde to die for. . If there was a FireFly where I live, I would be there often.  . . OH  and i almost forgot...  Get the Flan for desert!!!  Its so smooth, not chunky.  EXCELLENTE!
The dates. All I need to say
Best tapas place I've ever been to in my whole entire young adult life.  I'll never go to Vegas again without stopping here for some grub.  Take lots of people and share.  Order one of everything,it's worth it.  Service was great - they sat a group of 12 even though we had no reservations at 6pm on a Saturday night (just told us to leave by 8).  Below I'll rate the plates individually:. . Artichoke Toasts - awesome - 4 stars. Ceviche of Shrimp - awesome - 4 stars. Tuna Tartare - good - 3 stars. Tortilla a la Espanola - not a fan but that's personal - 3 stars. Patatas bravas - not the best, get the firefly fries instead - 3 stars. Manchego Mac N' Cheese - great - 4 stars. Tierra Y Mar Skewers - chorizo, shrimp and filet minon - hello? - 5 stars. Pulpo Asado - wish this was better but sadly it was dry - 3 stars. Chorizo Clams - AfreakinMazing - 5 stars. Camarones A La Diabla - awesome - 4 stars. . Their bread with garlic is great too.  Everyone shared pitchers of red sangria.  Sadly I couldn't have any but I heard it was good.  The atmosphere, food, portions and service makes this a 5 star place in my book.  Oh and the price.  All the food above times two plus a few other dishes I didn't try, plus tax and 20% tip came out to only $352.
I don't live in Vegas, but I would fly back just to eat here again and again. I don't know where to begin but this is one of the best dining experiences I've had. Plus the company I was with was the best too. We waited in the bar and were seated pretty quick considering it was Friday at 8. The bartender was awesome and made me a mean dirty martini complete with blue cheese olives. Great start.. . There were 6 of us and it was an ordering cluster-f*$k. But our waiter was totally all over it. He got everything down with calm ease and all the food came out so quick and no mistakes. So service was spot on. . . Ambiance was cozy, low lit and the room just buzzed of chatter. Food was AMAZING. The selection of tapas is vast! And, the portions are large and price is more than fair. I had the ahi poke, ham & cheese croquettes (unforgettable!), mussels and I forget what else. It was an orgy! Everyone sharing and gushing over how good it was. . . Firefly... I love you.  :-)
After almost getting smashed twice in the tight parking lot by circling minivans, we made it into Firefly.. I'm a Tapas gal from way back, and El Farol in Santa Fe New Mexico is one of my all time favorite haunts!. The ambience here is a bit crushed, but cordial waitstaff showed us to our table, and even allowed us to pick our table.  We chose the window, since this lively lounge is very crowded and noisy.  Enjoyed the colorful version of Guernica on the wall!. Fabulous service, but I always find a smile works to break the ice, and the considerate waitress even advised me to order my drinks quick, since Happy Hour was about to end!  Two Sangrias in hand, I then perused the menu.  The white wine with aples and other fruits is light and refreshing and two for one definately made them worthwhile.. Thank you fellow yelpers, for helping with decision time!  The bacon wrapped dates are todiefor!  Also the pork empanadas, would brave rampant minivans for one anytime!  Beef sliders went down with  no fuss!  The best ending was the Tres Leches Chocolate cake...like a cool cocoa with whipped  cream!  Hearty and soulful at the same time.
luv this place it gets rather busy some nights so its best to sometimes call ahead. Its a laid back joint the meals are cheap but can add up if you get quite a bit of them. I always get the bacon wrapped dates, camarones diabla its shrimp in a spicy sauce really good, tomato soup is good, everythings pretty good. also has pitchers of sangria
Please expand to the Phoenix area. Our tapas and sangria options are laughable. If I had my way, I would go on a red sangria and stuffed date diet.
How could you find something to complain about this place.  I'm from San Diego and every time I travel to Vegas and I have to make sure I visit this place at least once.   Try this place you won't be disappointed.
Love this place, it was a lucky find when on a work trip and I now go everytime I am in town (at least once). This Tapas joint is in a strip-mall off the strip. Likely about a $12 cab ride from where ever you are on the strip and maybe $6 from the Hard Rock.. . The service has been good to great every time I have been there. This includes mostly lunch but also a few dinner services.. . The food is inventive and delicious. Some of my favorites are the Artichoke Toast, filet mignon sliders, bacon wrapped dates. Everything is pretty dang good - strangely enough two Tapas classics (Tortilla espanola and the patatas bravas) leave a little to be desired (note if the managers read this I would suggest cutting the patatas a little smaller for the bravas and cooking a little longer so not so "potatoe-y").. . The sangria is good, they have a nice happy hour, the deserts are solid, prices are fair, and the menu is very diverse and vegetarian friendly. This would be great for a business lunch, romantic/fun dinner, and a big group out.
Firefly is simply the best near-strip restaurant.  The only downside: a lot of people now know this, and the relatively small restaurant is now pretty much always packed (and I believe they do not take reservations).  However, the food and service is well worth the wait (or the risk of a wait).. . The menu is HUGE and is constantly being changed and added to, and I've yet to try something that I didn't like.  I few suggestions that I enjoy: the bacon wrapped stuffed dates are a must try, along with the ham & cheese croquetas.  The firefly fries are amazing, and big enough to share, as are the calamari.  Other suggestions include the Thai beef salad, the tuna tartar and shrimp ceviche, stuffed pepper, mac n cheese, baked talapia, and the mergeuz.  Don't fill up on the entrees too much, because the tres leches cake is probably the best thing on the menu, so save room for dessert.  . . Firefly is also known for its selections of sangria, infused vodkas (vodka + fresh squeezed juices), and mojitos, all of which are great - my favorites are the infused vodka on the rocks, and the passion fruit and blood orange mojitos.  . . Go here with a small group and order in small batches, I'd suggest 2 plates per person, per batch.  The food comes out very quick and the table can get very cluttered, very fast.  Most of the dishes here are fairly cheap, but it is very easy to go overboard and run up a large bill, especially if it's you're first visit.. . Even though I hate how crowded this place has become, the food is well worth the short trip off the strip, and is a must try for anyone who hasn't tried this gem yet.
I love this place and make it a point to go there at least once when I visit Vegas.. . Local friends introduced me to it years ago. It's always crowded, but service is still pretty good for the amount of business they handle. . . I love the Sangrias and Mojitos. Never ever have I left sober from here. :-). . This is my favorite tapas place of all tapas places, including the ones in LA, and it's also not as expensive as fanc, wanna-be tapas places in LA are. Such a variety! You can never pick enough plates, there are always a bunch left that you want to try. I just love the fact that I can have 5-6-7 different dishes and not just 2. I can't even pick favorites, although it seems that I always start with the Apple & Manchego salad and I always have at least one order of the fish sticks.. . I love the fact that even vegetarians or people who don't eat red meat can choose from a lot of stuff. They even made me the blue cheese stuffed dates without the bacon wrapped around it once. I usually have a lot of seafood and veggie tapas and some chicken.. . Even the music is Spanish speaking (sometimes American songs covered by a Spanish speaking band), so it totally fits the atmosphere. . . All in all, I can't say enough good things about this place. . I love it here.
uh.maze.ing. You don't see many restaurants rated at 4.5 stars very often. And a local friend recommended this place as his favorite so we were intrigued. . . The restaurant is in a little strip mall of a parking lot- nothing too fancy. The dress is nice but casual and you don't need a suit. There are no stuffy white table cloths to be found. I'm sure they appreciate elbows off the table but I love any restaurant where I don't have to be conscious about proper manners. We went early around 7:30/8pm and luckily our group of 6 immediately got a table. The service was great, ambiance was perfect and the food was incredible. . . Order the pitcher of red sangria ($28). It was delicious!. . We ordered 3 plates each expecting little servings of tapas. We were surprised with the generous portions (small salad plate style) and was planning on ordering more but couldn't even finish those. I can't decide what was my favorite. All of these dishes woke up our taste buds: bacon wrapped Stuffed Dates, Tuna Tartare, Smoked Salmon Toasts, Filet Mignon Sliders, Crispy Duck Roll, Babyback Ribs, Fried Calamari, Warm Spinach Salad with strawberries.. . Trio of Gelato (pistaccio is my fav) and the Dessert Platter were yummy. The dessert platter was just a taste of all the desserts and just enough so we didn't feel like we were missing out. We couldn't have fit any more food in our bellies.. . I would skip the Fish Sticks (wish they would make them smaller and it was nothing special). And the Artichoke Toasts were the only disappointment. They sounded so hopeful on the menu but were served cold and in a chunk. It couldn't keep up with the rest of the wonderful plates on our table. . . And best of all, our bill was affordable and didn't break the bank.
I love everything about Firefly. The food, the ambiance, the drinks. It's such a great place to go when you're in the mood for drinks. I can't imagine going here and not ordering food though. My favorite tapas are the stuffed dates and the warm spinach salad. For drinks I prefer their red sangria and mango mojito. I've been meaning to try their sparkling sangria since I've heard it's delicious as well. This is a place I am always up for going to. Easily one of my favorite places in town.
I love this place. Super yummy and affordable, with a great vibe. The Paradise location is the best. My fav tapas are the bacon wrapped dates, stuffed peppers, ham and cheese croquetas, and the salads. Worth it to wait to sit in the main restaurant rather than the "annex" thing they've got going on.
Firefly got rave reviews from friends, family members, and the Yelp universe, so we knew we had to give it a try during our Las Vegas visit. . . We got there right when it opened on a Thursday, and were the first patrons seated. Within fifteen minutes, the place was packed. The waiter recommended the pomegranate martini, so I went with that - my friend ordered the sangria with red wine (you can choose between red, white, or sparkling).. . When the fresh bread coated with huge pieces of sweet roasted garlic, honey almond butter and olives on the side arrived, I knew this was going to be a good experience. . . My martini was a little lackluster, so the waiter brought me a side of extra pomegranate juice to add more flavor. My friend's sangria, however, was perfect as presented. . . The meal (Yes, we ate all of this in one sitting, don't judge):. . 1) Stuffed dates wrapped in bacon with smoked almond, blue cheese, in a red wine reduction - Oh my goodness. These were so good we ordered them twice. The dates were sweet and melted in your mouth, offset by the crunchy bacon and almonds, the sharp blue cheese, and the savory red wine sauce. . . 2) Artichoke hearts with basil, garlic aioli, and red pepper - Normally, I steer cleer of red peppers, but these had a sweet, mellow flavor that went perfectly with the artichoke. The artichoke hearts are served cold and are absolutely impossible to eat gracefully, but so good that you don't mind.. . 3) Manchego mac n' cheese with sundried tomatoes - the waiter recommended this one, and honestly, it was delicious, but not mind blowing. Pretty standard mac n' cheese, but with a delicious baked crust on top. I would definitely eat it again, but not with the same...smack-your-grandma-for-another-serving-gusto that I felt with the dates.. . 4) Shrimp tempura with ponzu-mandarin orange dipping sauce - crispy, golden, tempura perfection with a superb sweet-salty-tangy dipping sauce. . . 5) Ahi tuna skewers with mango, basil, and a mustard ginger glaze - This was the only disappointment of the day. The presentation was amazing...and the separate sauces were delicious, but the mango was very underripe, and the tuna was wayyyy overcooked. We probably should have said something, but we had a lot more eating to do, and we didn't want to make the chef mad.. . 6) Lobster "escargots" - this dish was adorable. Little knobs of lobster tail were served on a silver dish swimming in garlic herb butter. There is very little lobster on the plate, but the pieces you get are tender and flavored beautifully with the butter.. . *Yes...we are STILL eating...*. . 7) Roasted eggplant canneloni with goat cheese and tomato sauce - This dish was super simple and super delicious. The goat cheese lent a tangy, creamy component to the dish, and the sauce was simple, fresh and delicious.. . 8) Crispy duck roll with cherry hoisin sauce - Maybe it was because we were getting a little full, but I thought this dish was delicious, but way too big. The duck roll comes wrapped in a wonton about twice the size of your standard egg roll, and stuffed with duck meat. The meat is a little on the dry side, and the lack of anything else in the roll makes it a little difficult to eat. I would have liked it a lot more with some fresh veggies inside, or at about half the size. It was a LOT of meat.. . *Are you impressed with our appetites yet?*. . 9) Camarones a la diabla - shrimp in a spicy chile sauce - shrimp was cooked well...the sauce is definitely on the milder side. Nice kick, but no afterburn. . . *Dessert time! Obviously, we ordered two...*. . 10) Lemon-berry tarts - These were delicious. Lemon curd was served in crisp cookie shells with a raspberry drizzle, fresh blueberries and a mound of whipped cream. . . 11) Sorbet of the day - Pineapple, Mango, and Cantelope sorbets topped with fresh berries, and Grand Marnier. The perfect light way to end this amazing meal. . . - Other memorable moments from the meal: An older lady came over specifically to tell us that we "Really did it right" - and my grandmother called...completely convinved that I said I was at a topless restaurant...not a tapas restaurant. Good times.
Mojito pitchers and yummy tapas!!!!  One of the best bday dinners EVER!!!!  I recommend the bacon-wrapped dates- I was VERY skeptical, but damn... So good!  Don't forget the grilled potatoes!
Had to go check it out the Firefly when we went to Vegas last week for my birthday.  After reading the Yelp reviews and recommendation from the VIP hostess at the casino where we were staying..I made reservations for May 7th!  Good thing I did..the place was packed.   My goal was to find a place where we could have some great food and have fun eating!  . . Upon our arrival we were told it would be about 30 minutes so we went to the bar and got pitchers of their Sangria.  Excellent!  It was a dry red wine with fresh fruit as it should be not the sugary mix at all!  We were seated on the outdoor patio on a smallish round table and there were 5 of us!  We ordered and ordered and ordered...I think in all we had 20 different tapas!  Then the games began, the servers were bringing us plate after plate of tapas and as we devoured them they were there clearing the dirty plates.  It was so much fun!  I think we had a small army waiting on us because there were servers coming and going the entire time!  . . The tapas were all outstanding!  I would list them but, just get the menu and pick out 20 of them and that should cover it.   We all enjoyed each and every one!  I got so full that I couldn't eat another bite.   All that food and the check was a mere $125!!!. . The one negative about the Firefly is the noise level!!!! ouch...it is sooo loud!  I know there are lots of people and it is a lively type environment but perhaps some sort of sound proofing to absorb the sound would be helpful?  . . The Firefly is our new "have-to-go-to restaurant when we go to Vegas" now!  Must warn folks...MAKE a reservation!  We were there on a Monday and it was packed...I'm sure weekends are flat insane.  One thing, that staff can certainly handle all that and then some.  They were rockin' it!
Firefly is the type of place that fills my heart with warm fuzzies when I think about it. Each time I've visited Vegas, I've dined here, and it has always -- always -- been worth it.. . On my most recent visit, we made a reservation through Open Table, which worked out perfectly.  Even on a Tuesday evening, the place was hopping.  We were seated immediately and attended to by friendly staff.  We split the red sangria and ordered an assortment of small plates, including the following: Firefly fries, mushroom tart, manchego mac 'n' cheese, fried calamari, and lamb chops.  Per usual, everything was fantastic, especially the mushroom tart.. . We rounded out our meal with caramel flan and banana-Nutella sandwiches. If you try nothing else here, order. the. banana. nutella. sandwiches. So perfect. And entirely worth it.. . Overall, I would sing Firefly's praises to the highest heavens.  If you're in Vegas, make sure to include it on your must-see list.
Aaaammmmmazing as always.. not sure how many times I can update my review but I'm back.. lol.. I have been here at least 8 times now & their is only one thing that I tried that I didn't like... the ribs.. everything else is something special.. Just recently tried the apple & manchego salad.. yum.. also tried their infused vodka, yummy! lamb was good but a little overcooked & fatty. This last time we tried their desserts for the first time.. We got the sample platter & everything was good. nothing over the top like there food though. cna't wait to go back again :)
This place was great!wonderful ambiance, everything on the menu sounded awesome and everything we ordered was yummy ;)
One of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas!. . if i could have my way, i would always be able to order 50 small dishes and nibble on everything while sipping yummy white wine sangria.... i nibble and mix food all the time.  When it comes to food i like options and choices, so while buffets aren't my thing... tapas is always a good idea to me!. . This place is always packed and I truly believe it's worth the wait.  The food is good and the service is speedy.  The environment is dark, perfect for hanging out with friends, a date... enjoying good spirits and great food.  There are two parts of this joint.  i think there was a bar or something that went out of business and Firefly bought the place out but never knocked down the wall.  Either side is great and both offer full service bars.. . There's a lot of items to choose from on the menu and everything is delicious!. Some of my favorite  items: . smoked salmon toast. tuna tartare. stuffed dates. ahi tuna skewers. firefy fries. the mac and cheese.... etc.,. . there's so much more but.... i'll list the entire menu out if i keep going.. . the best thing to do would be to go and try everythng!  bring friends, family, a date... and enjoy the red and white sangia too.... expect a wait!  its a very popular and hip place.
For When you've got some friends in town and you want them to have a fun interactive social dining experience with amazing food that they will talk about with their friends when they go back home this is the place. . Also awesome for dates when you want to take turns picking what to order and sampling each others food. .  . I always LOVE coming to this place. the food isn't crazy expensive, its delicious and its fun! Its always packed here so you really should call ahead and make reservations. . . I would possibly take away 1/2 a star because sometimes its a little too loud which takes away from the social aspect...since it can be hard to hear your friends. . . Tips:. Make reservations. Get a pitcher of sangria. . Try the bacon wrapped stuffed dates.
Love, love, love this place!!! It is "a must" if you like tapas! I am obsessed with the blood orange mojitos! Some tasty plates we order: sliders, abondigas, tortilla espanola, skewers, and tres leches... just to name a few. . . This is the culinary highlight of my Vegas trips!
Tapas party of 1.  Everything was spectacular: Apple/manchego salad is a really great little salad.  The shrimp ceviche was plentiful and fresh.  The tilapia fried fish with spicy tarter sauch fulfills your fix for fish n' chips.  I can't wait to go back there with a group for HH.
Sangria, savory meatballs, chicken on a stick smothered in creamy garlic sauce, cute little fish sticks, empanadas, and some of the most interesting dishes I have ever seen. I have never had tapas before and I actually love it! Instead of one big meal, you can try different little meals and still reach the point of sitting back, smiling, sometimes groaning with joy at how much delicious food was consumed. When I say groaning with joy, I am saying that you cannot possibly complain that you ate too much in a negative way because your taste buds were jumping with joy when you ordered that second round of meatballs, but know you probably should not have. It is so worth it! . . Some might say that this place is a bit small, but I think that is what makes the atmosphere in this place fit in with the bite sized treats. I love the lighting in this place so much! I hate places that are so bright you feel like 8pm is really 2pm. The dimness and the outside string lights are just perfect for me. I think I love sitting outside more than inside. I sat outside and was just in love with the weather, the scenery, I was really just in love with evening here. . . We did go around 6 or 7, but as we were finishing up, the place started getting packed! It was a Monday night. So, I would advise when reading some of the other reviews when they say make reservations or get their early, because it does get busy. That is a good thing though, because I definitely plan to go back MANY times!. . Now I know where to go if a date asks me what I want rather than surprising me. :)
Buen Provecho! Deelicious and super busy! Came here with my sister and got in a corner table at the peak of Happy hour. The hostesses were very friendly and quick to seat us. . The meat skewers, bread and cheese, fried (sauteed?) green peppers, parmesean fries and even the mini bread with garlic butter came out quickly. The kitchen was turning it out! . The servers and bussers didn't skip a beat with refilling water or even bringing the check. . Go early if you can. Can be a bit of a wait if you have a party of 4 or more, as we saw when heading out after 630pm. . All I can say is the food and ambiance was full of life and quite noisy! . It's in a small complex with other businesses, parking can also be a bit of a challenge.
I learned about this restaurant from my sister who said we just had to try this place  when we vacation in Vegas. I'm so glad we did! My husband who was hesitant to try tapas, thinking portions would be super small, was pleasantly surprised!. . We got seated instantly at around 7PM when they had a crowded dinner hour. Quick service. Had to try the sangria! Loved it! We had chorizo stuffed mushrooms, thai beef salad, mussels, and calamari. Our plates were totally cleaned off. The flan is also excellent here. Great atmosphere and hang out spot. We even had our 2 year old daughter with us and she loved the place. It's loud enough in here for kids and not totally formal. We'll be back next time we're in Vegas.
HOLY SHIZNIT! THIS PLACE IS EFFIN GOOD! I came one night last year with the fellaz during a night of drunken stupor and I thought it was good. Of course I had to second guess myself and make sure it wasn't just the alcohol in my system that was doing the tasting. So when I came back thisyear with my wife, I had to be sure.  We landed in Vegas at around noon and decided to head straight for Firefly. . It was a nice day, the sun was out and the wind was blowing a little so we decided to sit outside. The service was very attentive and the red sangria quenched our thirst. Here's what we ordered:. . Stuffed Dates wrapped with bacon - There's something about stuffing a date that's exciting(in every sense of the word). Crunchy on the outside moist on the in. Blue cheese compliments the flavor. One of my favorite items. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=TDQQuCXIqJHFP8Ts5YtTzw&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA. . Stuffed Peppers -  For some reason I like things that are stuffed with other things. These were not as good as the dates, but good enough.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=pRmb8_tAP5y4YPt_viL07g&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA. . Steamed Mussels -  Moist, tender, succulent. And they came with garlic bread to sop up the sauce they came in. Two thumbs up.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=x52o2wmZ4n0IkslttyemMA&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA. . Crispy Duck roll - Crispy and full of duck, topped with hoisin sauce and green onions. Finger-licking good.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=SRf8mX8LTkTJNr3ZX9sCCA&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA. . Padron Peppers - Green like the Hulk, but not overwhelmingly strong. The have a nice subtle flavor and are complemented nicely with sea salt and lemon. Very tasty.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=W8-Bsk_hHg5pxbt4EhmPWQ&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA. . Tierra y Mar Skewers - It's like having steak and lobster on a skewer. And topped with salsa verde! DAYAMN!!!! So good.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=zjGBgrgyJLzHSeKsVE7L3w&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA. . I've been to other Spanish Tapas places in other cities and this is by far the best that I have tasted. Maybe they drug their food with some kind of min-altering substance. I don't know. But this place has awesome food, great service and a sexy atmosphere. I wish we had one just like it in DC.
Have always been passing by this place whenever I'm in town. But I'm so glad we finally gave it a try. The place is packed even on a Monday night! My cousins who live in Vegas said that they always had to wait to be seated most of the time. So I was surprised that they had room for 5 of us in no time. Considering that they are busy, service was still very fast and efficient. The lighting was dimmed but the place was very well decorated. Here are some of the things we ordered:. . -watermelon mojito: be warned. The yummieness hides the true power of the rum.. After 2 pitchers we had to stop before we all become too drunk to go home . . -sausage plate:came with 3 kinda of meats with Dijon mustard spread. It was good because the meats were sliced thinly enough so you can enjoy the flavors. . -tuna tartare: came with taro chips. Sooooo gooooooddddd!!! Perfectly seasoned an balanced out with some avocado chunks. . -calamari: it was good. It came in a bigger plate too.. Best for sharing!. . -chorizo and cheese fondue: I forgot the name of the dish but it was very rich!! If you like cheese and spicy sausage then this one's for you!. . -tuna stuffed peppers- has a medium spicy kick which reminds me of spicy sardines. . -lamb skewers: tasted like a smokey savory lamb BBQ so good!!. . . -chorizo stuffed mushrooms: again, cheesy gooey and meaty all in one bite . . -smoked salmon crostini: tasted good, but it's the usual cream cheese,dill and salmon in toasted bread. . . -stuffed peppers: not a big fan of cream cheese but this was surprisingly not creamy. The peppers were baked to perfection and came out tender and sweet. . -lamb chops: 2 lamb chops $10. I think that's a pretty good deal. And the flavor? Omg perfectly grilled and seasoned in a bed of peppers and lentils. This for me was the best out of all of them.. . The prices range from $4.50-12.00 so if you're pretty adventurous with food and want a little bit of everything, grab a few friends and head on over the fire fly. Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
Loved it!went there for late dinner with my husband on Monday night,it wasnt too busy,so we didn't have to wait for a table.service was great,our waitress was nice and very attentive.. We tried 5 different dishes:. -dates wrapped in bacon!A must!im not a big fan of bacon,but it was so gooooood!i still can taste on my tongue. -ceviche was okay,I felt it needs a bit more flavor. -ahi poke with taro chips,it was good!big pieces of tuna,just loved it. -lamb skewers was yummy too,my husband is a big fan of lamb,he knows when its good,he loved these one!. -beef sliders was great as well,it was melting in my mouth!. We also got a pitcher of red wine sangria by recommendation our server,it was good,with apple pieces,has a nice flavor.but we couldn't even finish it!their pitchers are big!you have to share it with 3-4 ppl!. Looking forward to come back and I will bring more people!
First coming here was such an amazing experience.  . From the stuffed dates, mango spare ribs, thai beef salad, and the mussels, man! what amazing food.  . The service is always on the top of their toes, i hardly ever have to ask them to refill my drink or have to call them to come to the table.  They always check up on you whether if it is busy or not.  . . My personal favorites are:. stuffed dates (i always order at least 2). tres leches (dessert). thai beef salad. mac & cheese. mango spare ribs. just recently lobster escargot. . I love this spot and my favorite firefly location :) cant go wrong with this place.
When I retired from the Air Force, we had my retirement dinner here.  This is where I bring my out of town friends when I want to impress them.  Casual atmosphere, great food, 3-day marinated sangria, great prices. Just take your time and enjoy. Make reservations through Urbanspoon for dining points.
This place was definitely a highlight on our Vegas trip, and worth the trip off the strip!. . Any place thats packed at 10pm on a weeknight has got to be good. Of course we weren't expecting to have to wait a half hour that late, but it was worth it.. . Sparkling Sangria was great, my sister didn't like her mojito too much, but I have a feeling she doesn't like mojitos at all haha.. . We ordered about 6 small plates, most I cant remember. They bring you a small plate of bread, olives and some kind of delicious flavored whipped buttery stuff as soon as you sit down. It was small, but enough to keep us from eating our napkins we were so hungry.. . The food was AMAZING and inexpensive too. Our favorite dish by far was the chorizo stuffed clams. O.M.G. i would seriously eat this as my last dish before I die. Heavenly. I would drive 10 hours back to vegas just for this. . . I think with drinks and however many plates we ordered it only came out to about 50 bucks!
On our last night in Vegas, we had a work dinner at Firefly. My boss actually scouted this place on Yelp and made a reservation. Good job, bossman! Needless to say, I was excited about this place all week due to the raving Yelp reviews, and my fellow Yelpers did not lead us astray!. . We started with the Sparkling Sangria, which was delicious! Then I sat back and watched my two coworkers, who I lovingly refer to as "Woodchipper 1.0," and "Woodchipper 2.0" literally suck down plate after plate after plate of delicious food. I wish I would have videotaped this scene, it was epic. . . The bacon wrapped dates were probably the most amazing thing I have I ever tasted in my entire life. Seriously! I think the "Woodchippers" had at least 25 of those each. . . All in all, we had the best time. Great laughs, great food, and great times! I highly recommend this joint. It is straight awesome sauce. :)
Another 6 star if I could!! No this is not my first time at Firefly so I can write a well rounded review. However, every single time I go to Vegas I make sure that I stop at Firefly for some of their stuffed dates, mar y tierraskewers, their sangria (fave is red) and calamari. This is ohhh so good and it's not uber expensive if you were eating on the strip or a buffet. This last time was for a bachlorette fiesta and we had 13 guests. The drinks were flowing and the food was coming and the bill was less than $400 (with tip). AND we order desert. Not bad if you ask me especially since we had at least 8 pitchers of sangria. . . Hit up Firefly is you want something different that wont cost you mega bucks.
Was in Vegas to celebrate my friend's graduation.  We were highly recommended this restaurant, so my husband and I thought we would give it a try.  . . The place was busy on the Friday night we went.  We had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated indoors.  The ambiance was fabulous.  We ordered several small plates because we wanted to try everything.  While we were waiting for our food, they brought us this appetizer with olives, bread, and an almond spread.  It was very good!  We also ordered a sangria, which was delicious.  Our waiter was fabulous, always checking in on us and making sure our drinks were always filled.  She also timed our food just right, so our plates came out in groups, and we didn't have too much on the table at one time.  . . Definitely well worth the 30 minute wait.  We loved the food so much that our friends ending up coming too because we talked so highly of the place.  They also had a great experience. Will definitely come back when we are in town again!
It took me a year to finally try this spot out! Ended up going here because wicked spoon is lame and closes at 2p n reopens at 5p -_- still love wicked spoon tho, but my sister told me over a year ago to eat at firefly. From the time she told me about it to the time I actually went I had been to vegas SIX times.  I thought by the time I actually tried Firefly I would be like "ehh its ok" coz I have been anticipating it for so long, but boy was I wrong. I ordered 4 tapas for myself. I got the ham and cheese croquette, firefly fries, sirloin burgers, and bacon wrapped dates. All were delicious. Apparently bacon wrapped dates are supposed to be the sh.t but when I tried, it was OK, kinda salty. If you want to try it share with 2 or 3 other people. Firefly is not too far away from the strip so you dont have to be concerned about sky high taxi fare. I really wish we had a fire fly in the bay but it gives me another reason to fly out to vegas!
The stuffed dates are really good! The desserts are good too and so is the service
I have been eating at the Firefly Restaurant for many years now and have never been disappointed.  The variety on the menu keeps me coming back and interested and I love to take new people there for inspiration on new dishes.  The service is fast and friendly and the ambiance is comfortable and energizing both for lunch and dinner.
Excellent tapas.  Went with my wife, and were unexpectedly surprised with the quality of the food and service.  The wait was a little long, but worth it in the end.  Would definitely recommend, whether you're a local, or a tourist tired of the buffets and casinos.  We were only two, so it was hard to sample everything - but we will be back for more!
Great place to eat. Trend setter, just behind the casino's on the east side, I like to take my friends here to eat and drink and to have a good time.
Wow!  My new obsession is trying new cuisine, and was not sure what to expect.   . . We tried a few things off the menu to maximize our experience.  The food was incredible!  So flavorful, the ambiance was just perfect, and the staff was wonderful.. . We started with their signature appetizer of bread and almond spread.  Then followed with the following:  Stuffed Dates, Crispy Duck Roll, Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, and finished with the Banana Nutella Dessert.  . . I am sad that I live 3000 miles away, as this would be a weekly visit!   When in Vegas, check it out!  Recommended!
A party of four goes to Firefly on a Saturday evening to enjoy Tapas and Mojito's without reservations. Typically, this story would end in anger or disappointment; this story ends in pure joy.. . Firefly is by far the best Tapas I have had outside of Spain and one place in Seattle.. . The wait staff was perfect. Dishes were brought to the table and cleared away with expertise. Drinks and mojito pitchers were refilled quickly. . . The food, oh the food, was fabulous. There was only one dish out of about twenty (I wish that was an exaggeration) that we didn't love. . . We ate and drank until we were completely uncomfortable which is hard to do at a tapas restaurant. For us, this was the best food we had in Vegas.
Filet Mignon sliders and ceviche is to die for. We also love the fries with crumbles of cheese on them.  Always packed but for good reason.  Sangria pitchers make for a great meal.
Ay Caramba!!!!. . I Love This Place!!!!. . On our last stop through SinCity before heading out to the airport, my friends and I decided to check out this off-strip Yelp favorite. With over 1,000 reviews, Firefly has scored an impressive 4.5 star average out of five, no easy feat I might add!. . Well, it goes without saying that I came with high expectations. Luckily, I was not disappointed...whew!. . Upon stepping into the bustling restaurant, i heard rhythmic salsa music being played in the background and it had a very familar Latin cantina vibe to it, which felt casual and fun. With lots of red and orange all around my hankering for tasty tapas became even more amplified!. . We were seated conveniently by the large window, which let in a good amount of natural lighting (excellent for foodporn) and spacious enough for us to stow our luggage.. . Our server was friendly and helpful with the menu and never pushy or rude.  Within moments of ordering, we got some sliced baguettes drizzled with butter and served with pickled olives and a house butter spread. The bread was warm & crisp and house butter was delicious! . . Then came our drinks and tapas!. . I must insist that you try the blood orange mojito. You can taste that the blood orange was deeply infused in this amazing drink and the combination of the refreshing mint makes this exhilarating drink all the more enjoyable! Of course, the sangrias here are phenomenal and also a must if you're going to enjoy tapas here, as well.. . Now onto the tapas.... . Bacon Wrapped dates with smoked almonds red wine reduction and blue cheese crumbles were remarkably good! Crisp bacon wrapped around sweet dates and tooped with fragrant blue cheese crumbles is always a winning combination in my book!. . Tuna tartare - the marinated tuna had a tangy Asian flare that had hints of soy, lime & chili...enjoyed on crisp taro chips, it was a delicious contrast of textures and flavors that made this tartare a shining success!. . Tierra Y Mar Skewers - Grilled Shrimp, Filet Mignon, Chorizo, Salsa Verde - from the plump shrimp to the juicy filet, each morsel on the skewer was cooked perfectly. Tack on the the tangy  kick of the salsa verde and it was a virtual fiesta in the mouth! . . Duck rolls - Crisp and delicious fried wonton wrapped around tender pieces of succulent braised duck and dressed in a very tangy sweet hoisin sauce, almost too cloyingly sweet but overall, very tasty.. . Filet Mignon sliders - Served with a very rich Serrano ham, cabrales cheese sauce and caramelized onions this dish was probably the most disappointing as the burgers were cooked well done leaving them without the awesome pink center I love so much. Because they were well done, they were chewier and less tender juicy and flavorful . . Camarones la diabla - Now this dish was a winner! Bursting with bright flavor and beautifully presented in a fiery red sauce, the plump shrimp were generously dressed with a sauce that creeped up slowly but left a spicy kick at the end of each bite...yum!. . Ceviche - Loaded with plump shrimp, this dish came with loads of crunchy tortilla chips and buttery avocado. My only gripe would be that it needed some some spice to kick it up a notch. Nothing a lil Tabasco couldn't fix which our lovely server remedied for us upon request.. . For dessert - We enjoyed a caramel flan with a lady finger and it was the perfect end to a delightful meal!. . Our server also arranged cab service for us which arrived in record time!. . I highly recommend Firefly to anyone looking for a great lunch or evening out with friends. The restaurant is fun, the service is friendly and the food is fantastic!. . Happy Eats!
Some of the best tapas I've ever eaten. Great prices, large menu, wonderful staff, etc. LOVED IT!!!!!!
Honestly the best place to eat in Vegas... and The best part ... it's NOT on the strip.  Whatever you order you will be impressed.  The wait for this place is sometimes one hr. and there's a reason for it.  Tuna Tar Tar, Steak Sliders and Dates and the apple salad.  I can go on for ever.  This is a LAS VEGAS Must Eat.
I don't know if you could even call this place a local secret anymore! If you haven't heard about it, GO TRY IT. You won't be disappointed. I used to live in Vegas years ago and the quality and consistency of the food hasn't changed at all. Yelp makes it easy for you too, order what everyone is raving about. There's a reason for that.. . It's Spanish tapas style food so bring your friends and order a bunch! I personally like the Manchego Mac n' Cheese, Filet Mignon Sliders, Duck rolls, Mussels, and the Tuna Tartare. . . BUT.... . If there is one thing that you MUST ORDER, get a pitcher (regardless of how thirsty you are) of the RED SANGRIA. You're welcome.. . They have their own parking lot but cab it if you're going to drink, use yelp to make reservations through Open Table, be hungry, blah blah blah whatever, just do the red sangria.
I've tried to keep this my little secret since 2010.. This is the one and only mandatory restaurant when I'm in the area, mainly for 3 things: sparking sangria, paella, and the creamy dip and olives with garlic bread you get when you are seated. . . RECOMMENDATIONS (why I give this place 5 stars):. . Sparkling sangria- heaven's gift for sangria lovers who like a fruitier, fizzier and lighter version of the drink. $7 a glass or $28 a pitcher. . . Paella- the best I've had up to date (and I've tried many in SF). The amount of saffron is usually perfect, very savory with a bit of sour, and there is always a generous amount of seafood, chicken and sausage. The rice is soft, chewy and well-spiced. . . Filet mignon sliders- the boyfriend's favorite. These are mini burgers with medium-rare beef and the most amazing cheese sauce, Fried caramelized onions on the side.. . Steamed mussels- a big plate of mussels bathed in a delicious wine sauce.. . Garden variety salad- so fresh and bursting with flavors of feta cheese, orange and dried cherries with vinaigrette. The baby beet salad and warm spinach salad are really good as well. . . OTHER NOTES:. . Baked filets of tilapia- way too sour but if you like a heavy lemon taste with several slices of healthy fish, go for it. . . Crispy duck roll- not recommended, super salty. Leave the "hoisin" sauce to Asian places.. . Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms- five cute little bite-size mushrooms that don't particularly wow me, but the boyfriend likes the taste combination. . . I have heard that the stuffed dates are well-liked.. will try next time.. . . I love that Firefly is consistent in its service, presentation and quality for the items I like to order. Also, this place is completely reasonably-priced for what it offers.
In Vegas for the weekend, and decided to get off the strip for dinner Saturday night.  Best.  Choice.  Ever.  We weren't super-hungry coming in, but I wish we had been!  Next time I know to fast for a day or two so I can try more than 3 dishes!. . We ordered:. . Gazpacho - solid dish, great croutons/avocado on top, nice texture and flavor.  At most other restaurants, this would have blown me out of the water (and it did, until I tried the other 2 dishes....). . Ceviche - YUM. YUM. YUM.  Great lime-iness, nice texture on the shrimp.  I used the bread to soak up the rest of the broth.  Heaven!. . Thai Beef Salad - I will order this again and again and again (assuming I make it back to Vegas).  This salad was perfection!  The beef was tender and flavorful, and the other salad ingredients were so perfectly balanced.  The dressing was soy/salsa verde-based and I also soaked this up with bread.  I can't stop thinking about it.. . Service was great, food came out fast (probably helped that we ordered 2 cold dishes and a salad) but we didn't feel rushed in the least.  Arrived around 8 pm on Saturday, put out names in for what we were told would be a 45 minute wait, came back 30 minutes later and were seated immediately.  Fun & funky atmosphere without it feeling like they were trying too hard.  Basically, I was impressed as soon as I walked in and the food only increased my opinion of this place.  Check it out, for sure.. . The 3 dishes above, plus the complimentary bread/olives/spread (WHAT WAS IN THAT??  It was sooo yummy), plus 2 beers only set us back $30 + tip.
So I went on a Yelp'ing frenzy on my last Vegas trip since I did more eating out than I did partying and sleeping. It's usually hard to find tapas bars in Orange County, or at least ones I like eating at. So when I came upon this one in Vegas, I debated on writing to the owner and having them consider getting one out in Orange County...like really. I highly recommend you come here, bring a couple friends, grab a couple glasses of sangria, order a couple of dishes, order a couple of more, and then have yourself a darn good time. Bacon wrapped dates...very few places have these, only one other place (in Whittier, CA...) ties with this place on this dish. This is currently my newest addiction...I have no idea what it is about this savory-sweet combo that gets me every time, but it does...Also get the firefly fries and the tierra y mar skewers...flavors that'll leave you wanting more, like a good strip tease. Next Vegas trip, I'm heading straight for this place for more yummy!
I was here on a Friday night July 13th with my hubby and another couple.  This place was BUSY, but our 30 minute wait wasn't bad.  When they seated us, we had to walk out of the restaurant and went next door, the 2 rooms didn't connect.  Parking here was easy, it has a decent parking lot since it's inside a retail strip.  . . The service was good, our food and drinks were brought our accordingly, no long wait.The food (small plates) was excellent, some of the plates were actually bigger than what I thought it would be. The salads are definitely a decent size for small plates.  Anything shrimp was awesome.  We had a lot, I don't remember exactly what we ordered. The stuff dates were good but a little on the sweet side.  The shrimp tempura was excellent, not like the ones you get from the sushi restaurants. It's lightly battered and had a wonderful taste, included fried green onions and potatoes I think.  The claims were good, season just right.  The thai beef salad had almost a bland taste to it but then you hit a hot chilli pepper and the spice kicked right in. I didn't try their tapas, what it's known for but the others said it's good.  We ordered so much more  and most of the items we ordered are good.  There is one octopus dish that was ok, wasn't the greatest.  Overall, price wise (about $200 including many many drinks) was decent for 4 people.  I would go back here again and again when I go to Vegas, this is my must hit place.
We listen to fellow Yelpers and I'm glad we did!!! This place was SO GOOD!!! I don't know if it's because I got 12 different dishes but every single plate I got was tasty hot and fresh!!! This is what we ordered and 4-6 steak and mushrooms!! So please try steak and mushroom when you try this place.. We will def be back. The service was fast so that always was a plus. Always had a server by our table if we ever needed anything. Refilled out drinks consistently.... Thanks Yelpers for the great recommendation !!! U def made up for some of the past ones.. Ha
Finally tried this place for the first time, missed happy hour by about 10 minutes and really wanted to kick myself in the butt for that, but the tapas selection and variety were delicious. Tried some of the seafood, beef skewers, lamb, and bacon wrapped dates. Everything came out delicious and very quick. The sangria is very tasty as well, although the only fruit pieces in it were diced apples. . . Next time I will have to make sure to get here for happy hour.
Best tapas place in Las Vegas and probably in most places I've been to.  Love the seafood paella (I had them put the sausage and beef bits on the side).  The tilapia was good if you like it lemony.  If you don't like it to be too zesty, you can always ask them to put less lemon slices, or have them on the side.  My friend raved about his mac and cheese, which disappeared in his mouth in less than 3 minutes.  . . It's also opened late too which was a plus!
i cant say anything different than anyone else has besides oh god i miss those dates like my cross country grandmother.. . and the sangria was nice but i knew better than to drink too much...sweet!. . by far the most inspired and worthwhile meal i had while in las vegas.
Amazing! Artichoke Toast was my favorite!
I think I've been here twice in the past month and I am ready to come back to nom again very soon.  For a big guy like me, I usually prefer "healthy" sized meals in comparison to a plethora of small entrees to pick from.  But, Firefly seems to get me every time.  From the Camarones a la Diabla to the Tuna Tartare, all of the dishes ordered at Firefly seem to continually hit the spot.  Plus, they have a nice malbec on the menu at a nice price.  What more can I ask for??  Actually, I would ask for a decrease in the hustle-n-bustle and a little more of a quieter atmosphere.. but when everyone else is enjoying it just as much as I am.. well, I can't do too much about that now can I?. . Definitely coming back to grub here soon.. make sure to try out the Camarones a la Diabla (the sauce is bangin'!) and the Passionfruit Cheesecake when you stop by!
Loved the food and service.. . - Bacon wrapped dates are a must have! . - Same for the Kobe beef sliders that come with that delish chipotle aioli. . - The garlic butter and bread were a cherry on top. . . Our server was kind enough to replace our drinks which weren't on par with our expectations and the replacements were amazing! Great spot right off the strip if you want to have great food and alcohol for a reasonable price.
My favorite go to place for tapas when in Las Vegas........ Bacon wrapped dates (as many mention) are the best.... So many great tapas - . We love to get some drinks; enjoy looking at the menu; and then deciding on what great tapas to have this go around..... Too bad the place is so far from home for me - but when in the area its our go to place for tapas....Firefly is the best! . And I like the sangria -  just writing this makes me happy!. Next trip already planned - Firefly I'll see you soon!
Hands down best tapas I've ever had !!
Who would of known that there is an AMAZING Tapas restaurant in Las Vegas? . . Firely is located off the strip but well worth the trip. As we enter, it was dark and social with latin jams blasting in the background.  I was starting to dig this place!. . To get the party started, I order the sangria and mojito. Both drinks were TERRIFIC! Don't judge me it's VEGAS! . . There were so many tapa dishes to choose from. The bacon wrapped figs, tierra y mar skewer, crispy duck rolls and tuna tartar were incredible. The filet mignon sliders and mac n cheese was outstanding. Each tapas dish ranges from $4-$8. . . I would definitely be back here on my next trip to Vegas!
This place is mmm mmm good. This was my first tapas experience and I loved it. I came here with a couple other people so we were able to order a few things and share them. We got the Mac n cheese, calamari, parmesan fries, and a baked pepper. I didn't try the calamari because I'm not a big seafood person, but everything else was very good, especially the fries. We came in at the beginning of happy hour so we were able to participate in the drink specials which we were also delicious. This place is definitely worth a try, and I can't wait to go back.
I love this place....there is nothing better than getting to try lots of different items for a great price
I absolutely love this place!!  I have experienced both sitting inside at the bar as well as eating outside in the summer. Today I sat at the bar and they had three bartenders on staff. I ordered the warm spinach salad, bacon wrapped dates and the mini filet sliders. All very good :) I will be back.
If you're in Vegas with a party of 4 or more, you've got to check this place out.. . I've made it a point to try and eat at least once off of the strip on each Vegas trip.  Located about 1 mile East of the strip by Sands Blvd (By Palazzo).  The prices are a bit more reasonable, and you'll find some real gems like this Firefly joint.  . . Tell your cabbie "Firefly on Paradise" and they'll know where to go.. . I don't think they take reservations for weekends, so we arrived early for dinner and had no wait being seated for 6 + a baby.  Also great for lunch I'm sure.. . Here's the menu: http://www.fireflylv.com/menu.html. . Besides one dish that was a bit sweet for my palate (I think it was the duck in cherry hoisin), I pretty much loved every dish.  I recommend trying the foreign things because they'r likely really good and that's the fun of foodie adventures.. . The must trys are:. -Paella... good volume, generous seafood portions, and the goodness absorbed into the rice (plus, paella is the epitome of tapas). -Chorizo Clams... the white wine chorizo sauce for dipping bread is magic!. -Sparking sangria (fruit-infused for 3-days). -Pulpo Asado (marinated and grilled ocotpus). . The forego your first trip are:. -Tortilla Espanola (potatoes seemed a bit underdone). . The GF thought the flavors had a recurring theme of tomatoes and garlic, but I thought each dish was pretty dynamic.. . The ambiance isn't very intimate, but there was no rush and the service was attentive and knowledgeable.  This is a great place to catch up with friends or family and share small plates of good Spanish tapas with a cold sangria or red wine.
Love love love firefly....bacon wrapped dates...has been amazing food everytime i have been there.... The service was ok...will definately go back...always great for a party!!!
THIS IS A MUST GO! It is worth the drive off the strip. The food is DELICIOUS and the prices are really reasonable. The bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese are a MUST and the baby back ribs are also AMAZING. The white Sangria is also to die for! I will definitely be back when I'm in Vegas.
Firefly catered my Husband's birthday party at an off site location. Great quality for the price. Everyone was pleased. Regina was very helpful and Sandy was great too.
If you haven't tried this place you must!  Everything is good, but I had the bacon wrapped dates which were amazing!  Happy hour at the bar is fun as they give you little appetizers.  Totally recommend it but it does get busy.
Let me start off with MY only complaint: it was a little loud for my taste. My wife said its just cause I'm getting old as we were celebrating my 35th this past Friday in Vegas. But I'm a talker, and I like to talk and hear myself talk and the people I'm talking with talk, and the music playing made that a little difficult. With that being said, there is nothing else to complain about. So if you like a more quiet, intimate vibe, this isn't gonna be a spot you'll like.. . So for those of you that don't know, tapas are small appetizer plates. In fact, most of the plates are no bigger than the size of the bowls most Mexican restaurants put salsa in. Don't expect big portions. These bite-sized Spanish appetizer plates are only a mere fraction of the size of a typical American app. Thus, if you are a big eater, you might want to order more than a couple. Or, go in decent group and share, as our party of 8 did.. . When we arrived, the hostess told us it would be a 40-minute wait. We didn't complain because they had misters outside, which was very refreshing in the Las Vegas heat. We decided to go to the bar while we waited instead so that we could try the sangria everyone keeps talking about here on Yelp. Hands down, the best sangria I've had in a while. Better than the sangria they serve at Buca di Beppo, which was my favorite until I tasted the deliciousness of this red wine and fruity goodness! Twenty minutes into our wait, we were seated and expertly attended to. Service here is impeccable. We didn't have to ask for anything and they were quick with all our orders.. . Moving on to our food, this is what we ordered and shared:. . Stuffed dates- date wrapped in bacon, smoked almond, blue cheese and served in a red wine reduction. Winner all around. I'm not a big fan of blue cheese and I loved these! Portion size is about 4 or 5 dates. I'd highly recommend them.. . Chorizo and chicken stuffed mushrooms- no explanation needed. Smokey chorizo flavor enhanced the earthiness of the mushroom and was nice on the chicken too.. . Filet mignon sliders- moist, juicy, tender and if that flavor could be duplicated in a normal size burger, they'd run out of it everyday!. . Lobster escargot- don't let the name fool you. No snails here. Just little balls of lobster tail meat in a garlic herb butter, and perfectly grilled.. . Camarones a la diabla- just like the Mexican version, not as spicy. Very flavorful.. . Baked filets of tilapia- herbs, lemon and garlic. Melt in your mouth white fish. . . Shrimp temura- beer battered, very crispy.. . Tierra y Mar skewers- grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo and salsa Verde. All cooked to perfection, all compliment each other.. . Ribeye steak entree- 14 oz. ribeye in a red wine sauce, topped with cabrales cheese. Outstanding steak on its own. Tender, tasty, no A-1 needed.. . Overall, make room for eating here while in Vegas. Unanimously vote on as being g a place to come back to on our next trip.
Amazing food and Sangria. My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, lamb chops, and the garlic shrimp. Make reservations if you want to get seated quickly.
I rate this place 4/5, but my husband gives it a 5/5. For starters, the complimentary bread is addictive! For the entrees, my husband ordered the stuffed dates and the filet mignon sliders and thought both were fabulous. The food was hot, tasteful, and the presentation was nice. I ordered the the only entree salad on the menu (with avocado), and loved it. It was heavily tossed in dressing, so request lightly tossed if you don't like your lettuce drenched. This place isn't known for its salad, so I won't complain. The energy level and ambiance are super nice, and the service was top notch. Full of locals - I think we were the only tourists, so that tells me they have a round of regulars. Good sign. Great place.
I loved this place!!!  My girls and I came here when we were in Vegas.  We had a group of 13 and they were sooooo accommodating.  We got our table on time, we got the food quickly, and we had a ton of fun!  The waiters were extremely friendly and interacted with us--which made dinner a lot more fun.  All of the tapas were flavorful, and my favorite part, it was not expensive at all!  I highly recommend.
We opted to get off the strip for our reception on Saturday.  My best friend, who just moved to North Las Vegas, suggested this place and I'm so glad she did.  We booked a private room and had the two hour open bar.  Everything was just amazing.  They brought out the white and red sangria (sadly I didn't get to try the white) as well as a couple of different mojitos.  The blood orange mojito was amazing.  And at the risk of sounding like a broken record, everything was amazing.  We opted for the bacon wrapped dates (of course), chicken and beef skewers (the beef were the better of the two...super tender), spicy potatoes (good but there was almost too many of them), the albondigas.  The chocolate tres leches cake at the end was the perfect cap.  They also brought the entire party of 16 shots of their infused vodka.  And the service all around was just amazing.  They kept asking us if there was anything we needed and they were not stingy with the drinks in the least, even bringing out extra glasses so people could start double fisting!  :). I wish they would open up a spot in Denver or Colorado Springs...this place is amazing!
cant say enough LOVE this place a little packed on the weekends wish the would take reservations...but worth the wait from the food to the sangria NO complaints located near the strip
Everything we tried was deeeeeeelish ! And everything else on the menu sounded equally as yummy.. . Service was friendly, although a tad unattentive. But they were so busy, it's understandable.. . Definitely coming back next time we're in town! Totally worth going that mile off the strip. (;
Delicious food! Awesome service! Nice atmosphere!
I am not going to BS with the review, if you are giving this place anything less than a 5 star you are hating.  Unless you can find me a place that provides the same quality food and cheaper or higher quality with the same price.  . . This place deserve to be the only place I know with 1000+reviews with a solid 5 stars.  . . Quick tip you can impress girls here, tell her you will take her off the strip and then take her back to your hotel....
One of the best tapas restuarants I've been to.  My second favorite is the Firefly in Summerlin.. . I like the overall ambience here.  Everyone mingling and everyone having a good time. This place can bring you at ease. You almost feel like you're in a club in this location.  . . This location get's pretty busy compared to the Summerlin location. So, expect a lot of people, but don't expect to wait. I've never had to wait to be seated at this place. . . Whether you're visiting or local, you have to try Firefly at least once. This a great place to hang out with friends, take a date or significant other, mistress, and even some co-workers to relieve some work related stress.  But I wouldn't suggest this place if you're taking the family out or if you're by yourself.  I've been to this location about 4 times and the Summerlin location 2 times.  Almost everytime, there's a group or single person not handling their liquor well.  . . My Suggestions:. Artichoke Toast. Mac N Cheese. The Skewers: Forgot the name but has shrimp, filet mignon, and some pork. Fried Calamari:  Not uncommon for us to order extra. Chicken Skewers. Petite Filet. Stuff Mushrooms. . All the portions are small and very inexpensive.  You can come out of here spending very little.  The drinks will cost you more than the food. The experience...priceless.
cant wait to go again while in Vegas!!!!!!!! then we went to .Wait i cant tell you becasue what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!!1
Everything was so delicious, and my mouth waters as I think about the shrimp in garlic sauce! Everything sounded soo enticing on the menu, though I know from experience that I shouldn't order more than I know I could eat. In addition to the shrimp (I can't remember the name, sorry!), the tuna tartare was amazing! To accompany the tuna, were some taro chips which perfectly complimented the tuna and avocado. The only thing that I felt was a little "meh" was the filet mignon sliders. Don't get me wrong, it was really good. However, it was just ok compared to everything else that we ordered.
great food.  great service.. . Red sangria pitcher and tuna skewers!
The best Tapas restaurant I have ever been to. I make it a point to come here every trip to Vegas. Oct 26th can't come soon enough!!
One of the best Tapas restaurants I've ever been to. Was visiting and was recommended this place by multiple locals and am glad we took the trip off the Strip to come here.. . Prices were great, especially when compared against any place on the Strip and the ambience was phenomenal, this would be a great place to bring a date. Food was outstanding as well I would highly recommend the bacon-wrapped dates (what they are known for) as well as the merguez, but honestly everything we tried was great.. . Sangria (we had the red) was good, but not outstanding. Overall, I would highly recommend Firefly to anyone living or visiting Vegas.
I am a huge fan of Firefly and have yet to have a bad experience. I tried the tomato bisque soup for the first time, and DAMN i have been missing out! It was delicious!! Bacon wrapped dates, ham and cheese croquetas are a must! All the sangrias are yummy too. The service is fast and attentive. Even when the restaurant is packed and there is a line out the door, the servers are attentive and don't rush you to eat and leave. Both locations are amazing!
In a town where people want to rip you off... Firefly consistently undercharges and overdelivers.  Just go.  Don't think twice.  It's a super super awesome good time.
Yum!  kinda divey but the food was excellent.  I was in town for a conference and I met up with a friend whom I haven't seen in almost 8 years.  So it was cool to catch up and after spending some time at Red Rock Canyon, we decided to grub it up here.. It's a tapas place, and damn I love tapas.  I am all about variety.  Variety is the spice of life as I'm sure you've heard.  I like tapas and small plates in general because you get to try a little bit of everything.  If you really like something, then order more!. Better than buffets, generally, since  the food is made to order.. I specifically remember the ahi tuna dish.  The anchovy bread was also tasty.  Honestly I don't remember everything cause I tend to just order like I'm shooting flies in a barrel.  Is that the correct reference?  I don't remember.. . Anyway, if I go back to LV, I'll go back here.  For sure.
I have had tapas only twice in my life, and both of those times have been in this restaurant. It's SO GOOD! Come in with a group and order lots of little plates to share, along with a pitcher of sangria or two :) I don't remember all the dishes I've had here, but I would recommend ANYTHING on their menu. I seriously think the second time I went here, I just randomly pointed at things on the menu that sounded good, and they all exceeded my high expectations (from the first visit). So yeah, I can't recommend specific dishes because I like them ALL.
I love this place! This is the thrid time I have been to this location and it has yet to disappoint me. The one in summerlin just doesn't compare to this one, but I never get anything here that I don't like. Love the bacon wrapped dates and the mac and cheesereally surprised me too. Can't ever go wrong with the red wine sangria either. Great atmosphere, good service, will continue to keep this as a top fIve on my list.
This place is always packed for good reason!  The plates might be small, but the flavors are gargantuan.  Their best selling dish is the stuffed dates (bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese), in fact they're so popular the kitchen never stops preparing them during operating hours.  They practically arrive before you can finish saying the word dates.  I wouldn't be surprised at all if there is some unique baseball-esque eye/hand signal that the servers flash the kitchen to notify another order of dates has been placed.. . One of my other staples is the granny smith apple & manchego salad (green apples, manchego cheese, smoked almonds, lightly dressed).  We tried the roasted eggplant cannelloni for the first time and oh my, this is an instant favorite; it's thin slices of eggplant stuffed with generous amounts of goat cheese in a light tomato sauce.  The best values are: . 1) the large portion of Firefly fries for $6, which come generously spiced with parmesan and herbs & a delectable aioli dipping sauce and . 2) the steamed mussels @ $8 are swimming in a giant bowl of red curry, white wine, coconut cream broth . . Their drinks are bangin!!  I love the house-infused vodka (with berries and lychee), which makes for an absolutely amazing martini, but watch out because it packs a strong punch despite the deceptively delicious flavor.  The pear-ginger martini is another winner, as well as the sangria pitchers with fresh fruit afloat.  . . The don't accept reservations during high traffic times.  Even when they tell you that there is a wait, it is never long.  . . This is one hot spot that you can believe ALL of the hype.  It's all that and then some.  The only word of caution is that it is easy to get carried away with ordering and tasting, and before you know it you can accrue a thriving tab!
Firefly is a tapas restaurant; I had no idea what that meant the first time I was there.  Upon arrival I realized it was just a punch of small dishes you could order in order to make your perfect meal; Wikipedia has it described as "are a wide variety of appetizers, or snacks, in Spanish cuisine"  to make it even more simple let me describe it as delicious! . . Ok so the restaurant itself is a very popular hot spot and parking is tight in their lot. Cross your fingers you get a sport there as you may be in for a walk; inside is just as crowded with the wait staff having to fight through the standing room only bar to bring your food out (bad design in my opinion but allows you to see the delicious food before you order); my 2nd time there the bar was less crowded but was still packed.  The staff is very knowledgeable about their dishes and drinks and were helpful in making suggestions to compliment everything I ordered (I asked them to do this they weren't pushing specials) . . The food was top notch; even though they are small dishes they still have enough to share between two people.  My first trip had a party of 15 people and our total bill was around $170 (minus drinks) so everything is reasonably priced. . On my 2nd trip my GF and I discovered they have a 2nd dining area in an adjacent store; not sure if that is why the bar wasn't crowded or if we just happened to miss a happy hour but there was virtually no difference between the two buildings and don't think you are being downgraded by being asked to walk next door to sit down;
Oh my god! If you like Spanish/Mexican than this is the place for you! Sangria, Tapas, Paella!
My parents and I dined at Firefly over labor day weekend. We called to make a reservation, but learned they do not take reservations on weekends. We decided we better arrive early so we wouldn't have to wait. We showed up right at 5 and were seated immediately, but by 6 the restaurant was full! . The three of us split the following menu items: Artichoke Toasts, Stuffed Dates, Roasted Eggplant Cannoli, Pork Empanadas, Shrimp Tempura, Filet Mignon Sliders, Passion Fruit Cheesecake, Gelato, and Caramel Flan. . We loved everything! Our favorite item was the Stuffed Dates, definitely give those a try! My parents enjoyed the Sangria and I had a delicious cappuccino (it's ok if it's after 10am in the states, right?). The service was wonderful and fast, and our waiter was very informative. The prices are very reasonable. I would return to this restaurant.
This place is fantastic. I've been there at least a dozen times and have never had a bad thing to say.. . The food is delicious, the service is great, the atmosphere is fun and relaxed, and the kitchen is fast. What more could you want?. . You can go in and order basically anything on the menu at random and it will all be good. Everything is fresh and well-seasoned and the food combinations are clever. Stuffed dates with bacon? Brilliant!. . The servers are attentive, they get your order right, and they seem to always be there when you need them. As an added bonus, they are cheerful and pleasant and make you feel welcome.. . The kitchen is also fast. Your food will start coming out soon after you order, so you are not sitting, miserably, waiting for food to come. . . The wait to be seated can get long on Friday and Saturday nights, but they are efficient and pretty good about getting you a seat as soon as they can.
One of my favorite spots in Vegas.  Whenever someone comes into town this is the first place I take them to eat! Try the steak and mushroom skewers, AMAZING!
Best food ever...Best staff, Best Atmosphere...Great if you are alone Great for a date....:))) Try anything you will not be disappointed!
We stopped at Firefly on our way out of town.  We always recommend getting off the strip and this is definitely a place to do it!  They must be doing something right b/c the place was packed by the time we left, and on a Tues afternoon, too.  . . It has a very charming decor.  It's very welcoming as soon as you walk in.  . . The dishes we had were the bacon wrapped dates (of course), shrimp ceviche, tuna tartare and the lamp chops.  Everything was very good but the lamb chops probably beat everything else out (followed by the dates).  My wife had a sangria she enjoyed.. . Service was attentive and helpful.  I thought the prices were very reasonable!. . Just a really nice special place if you want to get off the strip!
I've had this restaurant on my Vegas Places to Eat List for a very long time! We're so happy to finally make it out on our last trip last month.. . It's dark, loud, intimately-cozy, lots of great food to share with our friends. Everything from the pitcher of the yummy white sangria to the bacon wrapped stuffed dates and lobster escargots were awesome!  It was a fun tapas style dinner before a long night ahead. Our waiter was spot on and terrific. . . We'll be back again.....Thank you! Cheers!. . TIP: Make a reservation! It gets packed for dinner. We used the Yelp Open Table link and got right in.
This place was so much fun and the food was delicious...the restaurant was included in a bachelorette package I booked that included 2 hours of unlimited food and drinks. Great deal for 6 of us. Service was good too, the gentleman was actually from Spain. Started with pitchers of sangrias, mojitos, and margaritas. The sangria was the best and later we tried all the different flavors they offered, all were amazing. Our server sent out the house favorites, we ate so much I honestly couldnt tell you what we had but I know we loved 95% of it.  Always recommend to any guest staying Vegas.
Awesome! Be sure to go with a group so more plate can be ordered & tried. My group thoroughly enjoyed all our dishes, especially the bacon wrapped dates!
This is the second time I've been here while visiting Vegas and I would come back hands down.. . The food is amazing and unlike the rest of Vegas, NOT over priced. We had our fill of dinner and cocktails for less than $50 TIP INCLUDED! My wife (who can be very critical of dining experiences) loved it and wanted to come back the next night.
Funny to see the last person who reviewed Firefly is my brother! Hahaha. My hubby and I went to Firefly two nights in a row. It's a less than $10 cab ride from Renaissance Hotel on this last vacay in Vegas. We discovered Firefly back in 2005. ALWAYS enjoy their tapas, love the stuffed dates and red sangria!!! Been telling friends & family for years about this fun place! They now have misters to keep you cool on the outside patio & have opened up next door to accomadate more patrons. Incidentally, the previous review was made the weekend before we came for Mr Olympia. We both live in California.
As a local, this was one of my favorite places to go with friends or to take visitors. . . There is something for everyone on the menu. Everything from fries to bacon wrapped dates to skewers to empanadas to escargot. The cocktails are refreshing - a variety of different types of sangria and mojitos and so on. And the atmosphere is great. Fun place to go on a hot Vegas night. Makes me miss living there just thinking about it.
What a great little restaurant.  It was so worth going off strip to eat here.  Our group of 8 visited last Saturday night and the wait was only about 25 minutes at 9 at night.  The menu is pretty extensive and the drinks did not disappoint.  The favorite drinks at the table were the infused vodka, which hubby enjoyed 3 of, raspberry mojito, which I thoroughly enjoyed, and the sangria, which was a crowd pleaser.. . Highlights: bacon wrapped dates, tuna tartare, petite filet, empanada, ceviche, spicy shrimp, lemon tarts and chocolate tres leches cake. . Lowlights: lobster escargot (too mushy), sorbet (flavors were not very good). . We also tried the chorizo stuffed clams, ribs, potatoes, tilapia filets and a few other things that I can't remember.  These were just OK and not that memorable.. . Service wasn't very attentive ... it took longer than it should have to clear plates and bring drinks, but that was pretty minor compared to the food.. . This place is great for groups and the prices are amazing compared to the other places we ate in Vegas.  Total bill was approximately $300, which is pretty damn good.  Definitely a must try place if you want to get off the Strip.
Nicely nestled in a small plaza off the Vegas strip is a place that, if not for sites like Yelp, might be regretfully overlooked by Las Vegas visitors. However, it is no secret to residents like me!. . Although you will find this gem tightly packed even on any given weekday, it is more than worth it to squeeze your way in to the warmly decorated ambiance that is this little Vegas treasure. Try to get there with time to spare so you can sit outside and admire the lights and energy that make this city great. Not only are you welcomed immediately by the intoxicating smells of the kitchen, but as soon as you get the menu you are reassured that you have come to the right place! Extensive options include the must-try-at-least-once or twice the bacon-wrapped dates, the avocado gazpacho, roasted beet salad w/sherry vinaigrette, mushroom tart (gotta love mushies for this one), and last but not least, the veggie empanada! Do not leave this place without trying the empanada, meat or veggie, either will delight your taste-buds. . . Fast service, pleasant smiles on the servers faces even with a full house of hungry patrons, delicious veggie, meat and seafood options, and an affordable staple (at around $4-$9 a dish) to put on your list for any day of the week. There is no doubt that this is the place to take friends when they come and visit! Enjoy!
One of those spots that have been there forever and you still don't get tiredof it. Pretty much having the same same menu for years but that's what makes it awesome. Why fix what is not broken right? that principle works like a charm with this fellas. . Most plates are tapas style which means they are small, however its a good thing that they are because you can start exploring the menu. The paella however, is big enough to share.. . Try the pulpo asado if you feel a little risky and willing to experience its amazing flavor. Tetilla cheese for the cheese lovers or camaron a la diabla for those who like  it hot.A must try is their filet Mignon sliders with cheese and the garlic fries Don't kiss a vampire after them fries though. Actually don't kiss anything .and not because your newly uber stinky breath ..but because you don't want to share all that awesome garlic flavor left inside your mouth. . Waiting time can get crazy. specially on the weekends this place tends to get packed and loud..not because of the music but the people around you. The decor is great and the music is very good and goes perfect with the ambiance. Red is a predominant color so if you are a bull please dont be hitting the walls.. . Before leaving try their well known signature drinks. Their mojitos are delicious!! And the sangria is refreshing and super tasty. A whole pitcher of the sangria and 3 mojitos might make you stand up on a table..get a red napkin and cry to the Madrid and Barcelona gods as loud as you can : "OLE OLE!!!..Yes it was fun..dont judge me..well at least until security came in...Viva espana y hasta manana!!
Thank you fellow Yelpers, you did good!. . Loved everything about this place. Great food, excellent prices and a happening ambiance. Five of us ate so many tapas, some favorites were the Mac n Cheese (2 orders) Filet, Mushroom Tart, Tuna Tartar, Sausages, Tortilla (egg, potato, onion) 5 different desserts and drinks for a really great price. . . SHOCKING, especially since my husband kept trying to talk me into another high end tapas restaurant. I will definitely be back. . . I recommended this place to a friend the next night (both of us were in town for a trade show) and he loved it as well.
I'm so glad we got off of the strip for dinner! Though I saw all the stellar reviews by those I know and trust, I was still a little skeptical (or perhaps it was residual grumpiness from not being able to get a table at Mesa Grill..).. . Our party of 5 snagged a table easily at about 7:30 on a Saturday night. I think it was sheer luck and great timing because thereafter I could see groups waiting outside and as we were leaving lines of people (lots of feathers, wigs, bunny ears, sequins - you name it! Vegas is so crazy) . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/firefly-las-vegas-3#pcF2Ql6hcUzQ3Oey_mX-zA. . I love LOVE LOVE LOVE tapas bars!  Firefly truly embodied the style I became accustomed to in other major cities, extensive menu, contemporary twist on latin-inspired cuisine, priced to order multiple and share and tasty cocktails. . . The ambiance was cozy, loud and exciting - the smells of delicious food, glasses and plates clinking and excited chatter was a nice background to the awesome dinner we enjoyed.  . . Remembering our dinner almost a month ago, I've got to echo the hundreds of other reviewers in saying GET THE BACON-WRAPPED DATES!!!!  We did and loved them so much we ordered them twice!. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/firefly-las-vegas-3#iv_9yqEHI5K5FFmBR2FYZA. . I'd also highly recommend you save a tiny bit of room in your tummy for the dessert platter!. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/firefly-las-vegas-3#AatAVzAxwN6YmxCozEAMcQ. . The house-made infused vodka drink was also really good, It could have been a tad stronger so I recommend ordering a extra shot of vodka on the side to amp it up :)
WooHoo! This place is a must when in LV!!  Food is awesome and affordable for LV. Great place to have a few drinks and enjoy some Great food with friends, Everytime we've gone to Vegas.... Firefly is definitely on the list of places to go. . . Love this place
Amazing!!!!  Artichoke toasts are one of my favorites..stuffed dates,mushroom tarte..so good!!  We were so stuffed but had too get the nutella and banana dessert..it was great!!  I was so shocked it was so cheap..everything was about  $35 for two of us!. . It is loud but I don't mind it and there is usually a wait but you can make reservations. A great place!!!
Great place to have a good small portioned meal with a Lady.   Its fancy but casual.  Very inviting.  :)
I came here wanting to try a really good tapas restaurant and ever since , trying to find one to compare has been difficult back home. Their Manchego Mac n' Cheese is a must because something about that cheese gives it that extra "mmph" in your mouth. You should definitely try their patatas bravas as well, they are different from your regular french fries because they are cut into cubes or thicker pieces and then cooked until the potatoes are crispy on the edges and soft on the insides, spiced with good seasoning and drizzled in creamy aioli. Service was great as well. I'm just hoping my visit to Vegas will be very soon so that I could update my review for this place.
I went to a tapas place once before but nothing can compare to the Firefly restaurant. Some friends brought us here because they've been going to this place literally forever. I can see why they love this place so much. . . We went Friday night and it was really busy. Even with reservations we had to wait a good half hour to forty minutes. But the wait was completely worth it once they serve you the food. . . We ordered Bacon-wrapped dates (delish), lobster escargot (OMG), Macaroni and Cheese (better than what mom can make), and sooooo much more. The food was unbelievable and so good. Some friends had sangrias and we all had a really good time.. . Service was fantastic as well, as our waiter kept check up on us and offering refills on my soda..  . The only (and I mean only) disadvantage with this place is if you come by taxi in a large group. It's easy to get there but it is much more difficult with 5 or more people trying to get back by taxi. My friends and I spent a half hour afterwards trying to hail taxis of Paradise Boulevard to no avail. Eventually, a private driver picked us up for double the price because we had no other options.. . But if that's not a big deal, then definitely this place is soooo much better than anything you can find on the strip.
Skyler the bartender was outstanding. Should be nominated bartender of the year!!!! Great drinks and service.
Love it! Come every time I'm in Vegas!
Wow.  Blown away.  After spending $150-$200 for dinner for two on the strip we went to this place.  On a Monday night, it was quite crowded.  My wife and I each had 3 plates, she had a high end martini, me a Pyrat rum drink and a Grand Marnier for dessert... and the bill was $74!!  AMAZING food, the Tuna Tartar and stuffed mushrooms in particular.  Only 2 blocks off the strip, this place is a GEM.  I am not easily impressed and dine out a LOT, but this place blew me away.  No complaints with noise, seating or service either......
best food ever in Vegas. You can waste 150USD in a average steakhouse or come 3 times here for delicious food.
I have never been to a TapasGrill, but WOW!!!!  I'm a fan now!!!
Go here! The food is just perfect! They made me love fish and I don't even like fish! . . After being surrounded with neon and that Steve Wynn advert that plays when you get into any cab in Vegas, I was feeling like a moment of fresh air off the strip. Firefly is tucked away just far enough where you can catch a cheap cab, or even walk if you're feeling particularly adventurous (or if you indulge in a pitcher of their sparkling sangria like we did). . . The place is incredibly romantic. Everything has a warm red glow, tables are cozy, and although it's a popular spot, we were able to get in at prime time with only a twenty minute wait. I was totally full after splitting 5 tapas in total - the patatas bravas are heavenly and spicy (ask for them spicy - it's not overwhelming, but it adds so much flavor). . . Prices are fairly normal, but after eating on the strip a few days, you'll feel like some kind of coupon queen (or king). Seriously a great find - perfect food, just the right atmosphere, and sangria to write home about.
this place is great!!! i love the food it has alot of flavor to it , the waitress are nice the whole experience was very nice i will definitely come back when im in VEGAS!
If I learned I was going to die tomorrow, I would eat my last meal at Firefly.. . Food and drinks are amazing!. I always have to get the Manchengo Mac N Cheese and Chicken Skewers with either a Flavored Mojito or Sangria!. . Love the food. Love the atmosphere. if you've never stopped to eat here make sure you put it on your To Do list!
Amazing Sangria. Try the bacon wrapped dates. They are the best.
This is by far one of the best Tapas place we have ever been to!  This place stomps all of the fancy and expensive tapas restaurant.  Firefly  is bustling!  Located about 10 min away from the Strip of Las Vegas, is a gem.  When we arrived, this place was PACKED!  We were very impressed with the service, considering the amount of people they were serving, they were cranking out small dishes very very efficiently.  We noticed a small kitchen with only a few workers, but their efficiency was equivalent to about 10 cooks.  The atmosphere of the restaurant was noisy, dark, yet very inviting.  We were very happy with the prices, everything we ordered was $10 or less, but you are definitely getting loads of flavor and ingredients that is worth more than $10.. . We started out with what we thought was the best dish of the night...Anchovy Toast!  The anchovies were delicious...very good quality.  Slightly salty and perfectly paired with creamy avocado, fresh parsley, chewy baguette, and drizzled with a mildly spicy olive oil.. . Skewers of spicy chorizo, shrimp, and tender steak.  These skewers were delicious!  All the components were cooked well and nothing was overdone.  This is actually pretty difficult when you have things on a skewer that cooks at different rate.  Kudos to Firefly for doing it right!. . Grilled octopus with potatoes were quite tasty.  The octopus was so tender and seasoned well but it didn't cover the sweetness that came from the octopus. . . This was actually surprisingly good!  A chorizo fondue ..wow YUMMY!  This came out pipping hot...the flavor was spicy yet creamy and gooey at the same time.  This was pretty addictive. . . The lamb chops were excellent!  Probably one of the best dish of the night and so affordable.  For $10, we got 2 thick cuts of lamb chops, it cost that much usually just to buy the ingredient if not more.  The lamb had a very good lamb flavor, cooked to medium rare, tender, and very juicy!  We wish we had room to eat another plate =). . This last dish was the lobster escargot.  So this dish is basically a new creation of garlic butter escargot, but instead of the meats being escargot, they made this with lobster nuggets.  This was just as you would imagine...buttery, tantalizing garlic flavor, and savory goodness of the lobster meat.  How can you possibly go wrong?. . Overall this was a great FIND!  This is one of the places we would hands down come back for a 2nd, 3rd, or 4th meal.  Firefly has a big menu so you could probably order different dishes every time   This place had speedy and efficient service.  I would say it's not as comfortable to sit in just because this place is always packed and there is not very much elbow room.  The food is amazing and much better than any of the highly priced Tapas places we have eaten before.  We would rate this place a 9 for service, flavor, creative dishes, and affordability.
Such a lovely little restaurant with a patio, the food is great and fair price. If I go to Vegas I will defiantly go have lunch here if you like tapas.
Immediate outdoor seating with heat lamps, casual atmosphere, friendly prompt service (with rapid water refills), ample parking, dim suburban lounge atmosphere. Would not have found this place without Yelp! The icing on the cake was the affordable small-plates with a Spanish "influence" (although, that may be a bit far fetched):. . Patatas Bravas: huge plate of roasted potatoes with aioli sauce. Very filling.. Stuffed dates with bacon, easily the best tapas we had. Four dates total.. Lentils with vegetables: Just OK; prepped very "clean" without much oil.. Warm spinach salad: again, just OK; tastes exactly how it sounds.. Tomato soup with brie sandwich: not bad, the sandwich was rather plain but the soup was just right for a cool November evening. . Sangria: surprisingly good; sparkling white wine with blueberries and mangoes. . . Starter: crusty baguette with garlic and honey butter. The honey butter really complimented; the baguette was just OK.. . Total bill, $48 + tip.. . If you care to venture off the strip, this place is definitely worth checking out.
Delish!  This was a really fun place. We ordered the bacon-wrapped dates and they were wonderful, even though we were really unsure about them. We also order the empanadas, which I thought were pretty good, but my wife thought were excellent. Finally, the filet mignon was absolutely delicious. I loved it. . . We will be back again (if we ever go to Vegas again; not a big fan if Vegas).
Delicious tapas and great for a quick, relatively inexpensive lunch. My wife and I shared four tapas:. Manchego mac & cheese. Bacon wrapped sates. Chorizo stuff mushrooms. Tuna tartare. . All were delicious and it was about $35 with tip. That's great, in my opinion, for food of this caliber in Las Vegas. The service was fast and always attentive with the refills. . . My brother says the sparking sangria is awesome, but we didn't try it.. . This is located in the strip mall right across the street from Del Friscos Double Eagle Steakhouse.
So glad that I gave this joint a go. The food was off the sheezy, awesome and filling paella that would give the ones in Spain a run for its money. Noteworthy dishes included: mac n' cheese, empanadas,  dates wrapped in bacon, and lamb chops. Everything came out fast and the sangria was also delicious, a pitcher to share is a must if dining as a group. This place was a huge hit for our party of 15.
Simply put this place is AMAZING!  Probably one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had in my life.  The food here is on a whole other level & the attention to detail is superb. These folks are turning out world class tapas dishes that taste & appear like something you would see on a "Food & Wine" cover.  I went with a few friends and we shared a ton of different dishes & 2 pitchers of Sangria for a total bill of less than $100.00. My only advice would be to get there early, on a Monday night the wait was easily over an hour & on weekends I'm told the waits exceed 2+ hours quickly.
This place is awesome! The food was spectacular and the service was above average. Our food started coming within a few minutes. I have been wanting to try a Tapas place but there are none where I live. So if you're in Vegas this place is a must go....I tried 6 different things and all were great. Our waiter was Danny and he was very helpful and knew the menu thoroughly.
WOA!! Super close to strip. AMAZING food. Good prices. Locals like.
Every time we come to Las Vegas, my family and I try a different local restaurant. We finally got around to trying this place, and boy was I impressed.. . First, I noticed a chic atmosphere with lots of fun lighting and good music, including some fantastic hits from the 80s to Mexican polka gone pop. The hostess and servers were very friendly and accomodating.. . I had a pitcher of sangria to myself (wife just hit her third trimester, so I'm drinking for two) and it was incredibly delicious. Less ice, more wine is my only complaint. But still plenty to drink, and considering it was happy hour, it was only $14 and the pitcher was ginormous.. . We had the ham and cheese croquettes, veggie empanadas, ceviche, spanish tortilla and firefly fries. Every dish was wonderfully rich and tasted amazing. These fries? Just as good as the truffle fries at Bacchi Burger, and everything that Red Robin WISHES it could serve.. . The total was $48 and that included five different tapas and a pitcher of incredible sangria (which soaks for a minimum of three days). Not bad at all considering the amazing experience I had here. Hell, even the free bread was wonderful. And if you sit at the bar during happy hour? Free appetizers!. . Bottom line: Don't miss your chance. Eat here. I promise you will not regret it.
Tapas!!! One of my favorite things in the world. I love variety. I'm not the person to order a pasta plate with one sauce and one type of noodle with some toasted bread in the side. I love different things in 1 meal. With firefly you can have multiple things in 1 meal therefor satisfying all your hearts wants and desires. . . Beet salad-amazing. Ceviche- spectacular. Spinach salad- divine. . We probably had about 8 other plates of different stuff that made my tummy happy! They are kinda famous for their different flavored mojitos. I tried my husbands watermelon one, it was good. I tried my father in laws blueberry one, it was good, but I got just a plain lime and mint mojito that was by far the best. Stick to the original. Tapas places are not for everyone but they make my knees weak and I will totally go back here the next time I'm in Vegas!
Packed on a Monday evening!! I think we waited about a half hour.  . . Sangria!!! Firefly is a tapas bar located off the strip but absolutely worth the drive or taxi ride for those who enjoy awesome food, drinks and atmosphere. Sometimes it's nice to get off the strip away from all the gambling and tourists.. . Food and service were also great!. -Ceviche - very tasty.. -Thai Beef Salad - this might have been my favorite dish.. -Empanada - good!. -Bacon Wrapped Dates - a must.. . The three of us shared a pitcher of Sangria It's as good as the Sangria I make at home...which is really good!! We had a great time!
My favorite restaurant to go to when in Vegas!!  . . I've been to Vegas more times than I can count, and this is my favorite spot around the strip. I know Vegas has some amazing restaurants, and I've been to quite a few nice dinners within all the giant hotels. I am not going to sit here and say that Firefly has better food than every other restaurant. However, when you combine the chic atmosphere, great taste, friendly service, flavorful drinks (sangria, mojitos, martinis) and amazing price this place is by far the best.. . I've recommended this place and taken many friends here and everyone has loved it. And most return and take their friends when they visit Vegas again.  .   . Unfortunately, and the only negative is the wait. On Friday and Saturdays they don't take reservations for groups less than 10.  So if you don't mind waiting 30 minutes or more (which I don't if I know it is worth it) then definitely hit up this spot.  You won't regret it.. . It's nice being able to step a few miles away from the craziness of the strip and find this gem.
AH-Mazing!! . . Great food, great drinks. We've been here about four times. Sometimes there's a wait but that's because it's sooooo good!!
This is probably the best tapas place I've been to, my boyfriend and I was there for 2 straight dinners during our stay in Vegas. Everything we ordered was delicious, the lamp chops were the best !  If you like food with an oriental/Chinese twist, I'd highly recommend crispy duck and garden salad. We also tried the highly praised stuffed dates from my fellow Yelpers, it's no doubt the yummiest among its kind.  I'm really impressed with their chef, who according to our waiter is from Mexico. The food is anything but Mexican, which works out with me since I was never a Mexican food fan. The only downside is that it's not that close to the strip, quite some walk to get there from flamingo & Vegas intersection. But it well worths the effort !
Went there again, this time with my wife, and confirmed that yes, this is a great place for a date.  My wife is both gluten and dairy free, and was able to find plenty of things she could eat (tip: they will leave out the blue cheese on the stuffed dates).. Refreshingly un-Vegas and mostly locals.
My brother told me about this place. He said "You must have the stuffed dates". They are a must! Ever since I was stationed in Panama with my husband, I have searched for good empanadas. OMG!! I finally found them! This place is one of the best food places in Vegas. The food is cooked to order and served very hot. I ordered the red Sangria and it is incredibly delicious. I recommend ordering a pitcher. The fresh bits of apple are so good.  My favorites on the menu are the dates, empanadas and lamb chops. They season the chops perfectly with a wonderful sear on them. They melt in your mouth. Their garlic fries are addicting.They are open late and service is amazing. Every time I am in Vegas, this place is always on my list. It's busy but a romantic place. It's a tapas bar, so you can try lots of food and not spend lots of money. Every mouthful of food is an experience and it makes you want to come back again and again. Thanks brother! You got this one really right!
Every. Single. Thing. I tried was delicious.. . Sorry, its annoying when people write like that but I was trying to convey my point. I picked this spot for a dinner during a business trip with coworkers. I wanted something off the strip with a lot of variety and this place had promising ratings. . . I can't remember everything we had because we started ordering a bunch of different tapas off the menu. I do remember delicious empanadas and patatas bravas though! Their sangria is a must try! I had a reservation, so we were promptly seated even though we were missing a couple of people. Service was fairly quick even though this place was packed for a Wednesday night. . . Thank you to all the Yelpers who led me to this place. I impressed the big bosses and they left with a new favorite restaurant to visit during future visits! Please get off the strip for a bit and visit this place - you will not regret it!!
This place is the shiiiiiiiiit.. . My first time in Las Vegas, so we decided to go off the strip and get some tapas. I've had the real thing in Spain so I was a little cautious as to their food and what they considered "authentic tapas." The place is very quiet and intimate, which was a great departure from the hustle and bustle of the strip. . . Do I remember what I ate? Nope. All I know is that every single thing I had was delicious. The sangria was delicious and very dangerous because it tasted like juice and I had to ask the waiter twice if they had put alcohol in it. . . The kicker was the dessert, I'm a Nutella stan so I tried the Banana Nutella Sandwich...the gates of heaven opened, angels sang, and my life is complete. . . I would recommend reservations just in case.
Each dish is exquisitely prepared, promptly brought to the table, and delicious! I can recommend the following:. - Tuna tartare. - STUFFED DATES**!! (i don't even like dates... and this is my favorite dish at firefly). - Tomato basil soup- nothing too special, but a solid dish. - Manchego mac and cheese. - Ahi Tuna Skewer- didn't realize the tuna would be cooked in this dish, but I was pleasantly surprised when I tried it. Refreshing flavors and the only cooked tuna dish I've ever enjoyed in a restaurant. - Blueberry mojito!. - The bread brought to the table is nothing special, but the spread it is served with is really good (:. . 5 stars for the food quality and creativity alone. Not much to say about service. Oh, no outside drinks.
Good friend of mine turned me onto this place, try to make it out there every time I'm in town... . Service typically seems good, never had a complaint... . The food is amazing here, I wish I could stuff myself more than possible..highly recommend Stuffed dates, don't think I've ever had dates before this place..Then there's a bunch of other great items, steak skewers with mushrooms are solid.. . One thing I really hate about this place is it can get packed and wait times can be insanely long with no reservations.
Some of the best tap food I have had, a definite hidden gem of Las Vegas. Worth the trip off the strip, the chicken salad was great and the chocolate cherry bread pudding is awfully tasty.
Excellent, fairly affordable tapas in Las Vegas. A hidden gem that's definitely worth leaving the Strip.
LOve this Place forTapas, Drinks, & the First date... Sometimes a bit too loud for first date but very comfortable atmosphere . Not too Pricie  $$ is Fair
I love this place and have been going here regularly for seven years since I moved to Las Vegas. I know the menu like the back of my hand, and I'm glad to see that they have been improving and expanding to areas like Henderson and Summerlin. Fun atmosphere, and delicious. I always bring my out of town friends here and they are impressed every time. Five Stars! . . *Yum!*
Fantastic food, very reasonably priced. Good service. Highly recommend.
Stumbled on this place by accident..Thank God we did!  Plates were flavorful and plentiful.  Drinks weren't overpriced, and it had a great atmosphere.  Favorites were the stuffed dates and the clams and chorizo.  My wife went crazy for the gazpacho!  What a great night out, we will be back!
Great food, reasonable prices, great ambiance with a cool, hip vibe. I have been coming here for years and never been disappointed. It's off the strip, but totally worth the cab fare. Some notable menu items: . . Sangria and the mojitos...goes without saying ;-). . Machego Mac n cheese. stuffed peppers. apple manchego salad. artichoke toasts. croquetas. stuffed dates (OMG!!). filet sliders. banana nutella sandwiches (amazeballs). . I have had most of the menu items...they are all really good.
1200 reviews and 4 1/2 stars? I had to try this place. Plus, it gave me another excuse for tapas! No reservations for Fri or Sat- but they take them any other day of the week.. . Sooo- we came on a Sunday instead. We had made reservations ahead of time and were promptly seated. For being a Sunday night during off-season, the place was still pretty crowded. There is very low lighting- so if you expect some amazing phone photos of your food, probably not going to happen unless you drown it in a flash.. . There were a ton of things that we wanted to try on the menu and the server gladly explained his pros/cons on each of our choices while recommending some of his own. There was no rush, but he continually checked in with us to see if we were ready or had any other inquiries. I was glad there were four of us- we really pigged out.. . While we waited, we went for their house sangria. Though I'm not a wine person, it was pretty fantastic. It was light and fruity, but after glass two, I was definitely feeling a nice buzz. We ordered a pitcher for the four of us and it was probably the better deal since we each got about two glasses out of it. If you're not lightweights like us, a pitcher between two people would probably be sufficient, too. It's definitely a great drink while enjoying your food.. . We inhaled:. Serrano Sliders: Filet mignon with serrano ham, grilled onions and clouds of heaven. Not the menu description, but I think I heard angels singing when I bit into them. They were super moist, cooked medium and the cheese was melted perfectly in the soft, yet crispy bun. These were so amazing that I'll probably compare every other slider experience in the future to these little things.. . Manchengo Mac and Cheese: Came out in a little skillet that was still bubbling when served. It was crispy on top with a generous amount of bread crumbs. It wasn't too cheesy and split between four people, it was just enough without weighing us down. I loved the strong taste of the cheese and liked that it was so gooey without being watery. Even if there were two of us, I'd still probably order it again.. . Stuffed Dates: These sweet things were stuffed with blue cheese and then wrapped in bacon. The bacon was perfectly cooked with some nice crispy fat and it was unanimous that it was the favorite dish of the night.It comes in a serving of 5, so we all got one and I got an extra. I'm seriously salivating thinking of the sweet and savory combination and wish that they had a location in CA for me to indulge in... but it's probably better that they don't.. . Firefly Fries: It's a generous portion served with melted parmesan cheese on top. For dipping, it comes with aioli. The french fries were crispy and I loved the oil that they were cooked in. It didn't even really need the sauce that accompanied it and it was plenty for the four of us.. . Albondigas: These were like mini meatballs with the tomato sauce and parmesan sprinkled on top. They were delicious and moist and held some great flavors. As soon as they hit the table, we pretty much inhaled it. Definitely worth getting.. . Empanadas: A hit as well. Really enjoyed the flaky pastry outside and the super moist pork inside. The peppers gave it a nice little kick, but nothing a swig of sangria couldn't extinguish. It was so good, I again forgot to use the dipping sauce that came with it.. . Baked Tetilla: Just like the description says, it's fondue- so super cheese. It comes with crisp pieces of toast to spread the combo of cheese, tomato and chorizo on. We saved it and continued to dip our fries in it after the bread was gone. There was no way in hell we were going to let any go to waste!. . Fried Calamari: This was good, but standard calamari. It was good, but I would opt for something a little more adventurous next time.. . Tierra y Mar Skewers: Little kebobs with shrimp, filet and chorizo. I loved the charred tasted from the grill. The combination of these three proteins was pretty genius, each meat was delicious on their own and even better together.. . Chorizo Plate: Different types of thinly sliced chorizo served on a plate with capers. This was probably our least favorite dish. It wasn't bad, but we shouldn't have ended with it. It would have worked better as one of our beginning courses. It wasn't bad, but we had a bunch of hearty samples and this was light and salty. . . Banana and Nutella Sandwiches: Now this was the perfect way to end a meal. It was like crack and we almost ordered a second serving because it was so damn good. It was like french toast with bananas on the inside. Add in the nutella and it was the dessert of the gods. Super simple but extra delicious. This is a must if you're in the mood for a sweet finale.. . Service was impeccable. Someone constantly came around to clear our plates and refill drinks. This place deserves a 6th star and will become one of my regular Las Vegas stops for sure!
This was a great little place tucked away off the strip. The food came out really fast and was packed with flavor. It was perfect to share with a ton of variety. We went on a Tuesday night and it was packed! The Sangria and Mojitos were awesome as well!. . I'd definitely return here for a great deal!
The place is small but really nice. I loved the food and drinks. I must return here. This place is a little hidden diamond chip. But its a nice little romantic spot to relax with your boo. You have got to eat this food! You have got to dance here. Try the blueberry mojitos!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The food is delicious. I was in there this evening, and had the best service  in a long time. My boyfriend and I were celebrating a special occasion and our waiter went above and beyond to make it a wonderful evening. He was informative, kind, and attentive. Thank you Jesus Eduardo!
Great food, cool atmosphere! Worth the trip off the strip. The food came fast, knowledgeable server.
The food is excellent, place is very nice and staff was very good.  It gets busy so make a reservation if possible.  The tapas were great, ceviche was amazing.  Must try, I will come back when I am back in Vegas.
Yes! The coveted 5 star rating. Why? How, you ask? Here are the deets my friends.. . Food: Just from the complimentary bread, you already become charmed by Fireflys gastronomy. Smoked almond butter, olives, and spiced orange segments are perfect companions to the bread that was served. House made empanadas with its buttery crust, and deliciously braised pork filling hit a special place in my heart. Clams, chorizo and a savory tomato broth was memorable flavor as well. . . Service: The service here is like a well oiled machine. On top of everything from refills on bread/drinks, knowledge of the menu as well as alertness. Our server was warm and genuinely took pride in the work he was doing. . . Ambience: Spacious and dimly lit. It was festive but intimate at the same time. Dark wood and warmly painted walls transports you to Spain.. . Verdict: Firefly rates up there with some of the best eats in Vegas.
This place is fantastic from all angles. Love the tapas experience. It can get pricey quick but the selection and ability to have a little bit of everything is welcomed in this tapas setting. If you have at least 3-4 people makes it a lot easier to try many things. Sangria is also quite good. Food is real tasty and satisfies all appetites. It is a great place socially but that also means it tends to be very busy. It is worth the wait in my opinion. Have been going there for years now and appears to be the De facto place for my friends and I to celebrate birthdays.
I have gone to this place for Happy Hour for years. It is definitely my favorite place to hang out after work with friends. I always have the sangria. I haven't found any better in Vegas. The tapas are delectable. I always order the empanadas, stuffed dates, tortillas, and the patatas bravas. If I'm with a seafood fan, I also get the calamari. I've had the paella as an entree and it was quite tasty as well. You can't go wrong at Firefly.
We love Firefly! Came for the ceviche and sangria. Service is always good but today it was over the top because of Jesus E (Lalo). He made our experience extra special tonight. Thanks Jesus!
Great vegetarian food! Had a good time sharing all the tapas with the family. The drinks were very good as well. . . The one fish dish we ordered from the entree (with mango) was pretty bad - recommend you send the dish back to the cook if you aren't happy. . . Overall a pleasant experience - had to leave the strip but it's not that far.
Awesome food!  Will definitely try this again on my next trip to Vegas!
Firefly is one of the best restaurants I have eaten at in Las Vegas! I have been to Spain and had Tapas there. Firefly is the most authentic I have had in the States! Their menu is very extensive. Their lobster stuffed mushroom is simply delightful!
Okay I've been here enough times now to forgive the credit card incident. Each time I've been back to Firefly the service has been as perfect as the food. Firefly is the first place I recommend to friends visiting Vegas since there's a variety of flavors to choose from and the pricing is very fair. Also what's not to like about pitchers of sangria.. . . New favorite must-order dishes:. Ceviche - LOVE this dish. A simple but refreshing combo of cold shrimp, lime, tomatoes, onion, and avocado served with crispy tortilla strips. . Mango BBQ ribs - Not something I would usually order but the ribs were extremely tender and the sauce was sweet and savory. Also the portion is huge! So good.. . Evenings are their busiest times but each time I've been for lunch there's been no wait!
Firefly gets a 5 star for its combination of great menu that is approachable to both vegetarians and meat eaters alike and also for its atmosphere.. . Don't miss the gazpacho!
Firefly is my one must visit when I am in Vegas.. Last night was no exception - food was 'stop-the-conversation' ridiculously good.. Bacon wrapped dates - just perfect.. Chorizo and Chicken stuffed mushrooms - amazing. Filet and mushroom skewers - grilled perfectly, just wonderful. . And as far as value goes, I have taken 6 people to dinner with plenty of Sangria and Mojitos and walked out for around $50 a person and had clients high-fiving each other.. . Go to Firefly, you will not regret it.
Great menu, fast service, nice atmosphere, reasonable prices. This place is always packed, but our wait time was minimal, and once we were seated, service was really good, and really fast without making us feel rushed at all. The food was very good. The only caveat I'd make is that the traditional tapas, especially the empanadas and croquetas are not as good as we had in Spain, but that is being awfully picky. They were some of the best we have had outside of Spain, by far. There are more vegetarian options than average, too. If I go back to Vegas, this is one of only two restaurants I'd bother to revisit, after spending two weeks there in the last 2 years.
Amazing since the late nineties. Still is in 2013.
Been twice, and ready to go my next trip to Vegas. Great selection of small plates, Tapas, always crowded. Food comes fast. Great off the strip happening spot. Good prices.!
FAVORITE RESTAURANT ! This place is a local gem it is the best food and drinks and atmosphere. UNLV even voted it best bar. . . Their sangria is delicious all three flavors so are their mojitos I love the paradise mojito is my favorite it is a pineapple coconut mojito its so tasty. . . The food is phenomenal and delicious I love love love the stuffed dates you can't eat just one order the baby beet salad is great their fries are great so is their steamed mussels and their tres leche cake for dessert is great so is their flan ! Everything I have ever eaten here has been delicious. . . It is also wonderful for happy hour 3 - 6 half off everything and it is always busy it is a good spot for singles to mingle and also a great romantic spot for couples!. . Great atmosphere very spanish sometimes they have a live spanish guitar player and he is wonderful.
wow. this place is SPECTACULAR. exceeded my already high expectations with the insane quality of ingredients, friendly service, unique flavors, and affordable prices. . . to start, the free bread appetizer was delicious. comes with this sweet butter thing. dont know what it is but i want moar. shrimp ceviche came first.. sadly it was way too acidic for my taste and some of the chips were stale. however, the rest of the meal would more than made up for it.... . -scallop escargot: perfect texture, GREAT flavor!! so effing delicious!. -mushroom with puff pastry: whatever sauce they used on the mushrooms brought out the flavor of the mushroom PERFECTLY... the light and airy puff pastry was a perfect complement to the stronger but delicious flavor of the mushroom. -lamb chops: so full of flavor and cooked to an exact medium rare as requested... a tiny bit too salty for my taste but delicious nonetheless . -chocolate tres leches cake: wow. i've only ever had tres leches cake with white cake before but i much prefer the chocolate version. the combo of the chocolate with the milk was the perfect union of sweet desserty flavors. such an amazing way to end the meal . . its a little off the strip but TRUST ME...its worth the short drive/cab ride to check this place out. i actually walked 1.5 mi from planet hollywood and it wasnt that bad albeit kind of a ghetto walk haha. also i hear the sangrias and mojitos are amazing too
This was the first Firefly that I visited and I loved it the first time and I continue to love it to this day! The location on Paradise is great because its close to the strip so if you have visitors in town you should take them off the strip and to this great restaurant! I love sitting out on the patio on summer nights if seats are available. This is my favorite place in Las Vegas to go out to dinner too. I love that it isn't a chain and is one of a kind. Even though their sangria is very popular the mojito is where its at. My favorite mojito is mango although their passion fruit and blueberry are in close second and third. I love that all of their plates are small portions. I love going with a group of friends or family and choosing many plates. That way you can sample much of their menu without getting too full. My favorite chilled tapa on the menu has to be the apple manchango salad. If you haven't tried it yet it is a must! Their petite filet is also a must try! If you are vacationing in Vegas or just a local this is a restaurant you will have to try!
Incredible. Bacon wrapped dates, Mac n cheese, sorrano sliders, crispy duck, ham and cheese crocquetas, ceviche, French fries. Eat it all!
HH (only alcoholic drinks 50% off) @ Mon- Thur 3-6 PM & Fri 3-5 PM. . Free appetizer bread, olives & sweet butter so yumny 10pts. . Tuna ta tare so yummy; great chips that came on the side 9 pts. . Camarones a la diabla bit spicy & sweet 10 pts. . Steamed mussels w/red curry...so delicious 11 pts. . Mango mojito wasn't too sweet... 9 pts. . Pear martini so yumny & perfect  11 pts. . Patio area is great for groups =). . Service was great; prompt & friendly.
I just cannot say enough about this place. Do yourself a favor and leave the strip and go find this place. It is not far from the strip, but far enough away that you don't pay ridiculous prices and don't deal with 20 year old obnoxious drunks.. Came here with my wife for Valentines Day and were seated promptly. It was happy hour, so we had the most amazing sangria and cosmo, and a few rounds of them. We also tried their house-made infused vodka, which was really quite something.. The tapas is what makes this place 5 stars, but the wait staff is also extraordinary. Extremely attentive, we never went without drinks, water or anything. Top notch. For tapas we ordered stuffed dates, tomato soup which came with a brie grilled cheese sandwich, veggie empanada, mac and cheese made with manchego cheese, mini filet mignon, herb cheese, roast potato, mushrooms and red wine sauce and shrimp tempura. Keep in mind it is tapas, so although it seems like a ton of food, it was just right. I can't say enough about the food. This meal was the highlight of my trip to Vegas. Intimate, not noisy, some of the best food that I have ever had and great waitstaff. Don't skip this place!
We ate at ramseys steak the night before - here is my 2 star review of that place which i will never eat at again.  The wine list is a bit overpriced - many of our local wines were nearly double in price.  Food service was slow - quoted 45 minutes for meal to be ready (beef Wellington) took close to an hour (we had a show to see -which we informed server - that was 2.5 hours after our reservation time) - don't order Wellington if you have time constraints.  Wellington was nothing special.  Food was good but nothing spectacular.  The price points were high - we had an inexpensive bottle of red and total for 4 was over $400.  The next night we ate at firefly - for 10 people it was nearly $100 cheaper - the food was 10 times better, better service, more variety, better ambiance and overall much better dining experience.  Will never go back to Ramsey's.. . Did you catch the point where I compared firefly to Ramsey's?  No comparison - firefly is in our top five favorite places we have eaten.  Our entire group had a wonderful dinner - everything was great - from the rod to service.  We showed up at 630 on a Saturday and were seated right away - and everything was wonderful from there on - our favorite was the scallop escargot - but everything had wonderful flavors - will definitely be stopping here on our next trip to Vegas.
Service was great. We had to wait for our table but they quickly took an order from us at the bar for appetizers and drinks. The menu had plenty of choices and the food was excellent! Great atmosphere!
We happened to be lucky enough to have a local with us and she brought us here. It's about a 5 min car ride behind the strip. . . It's tapas. We had two big guys and three gals in our gang. By the end our tab was $118 and we were STUFFED!. . We went at about 6 on a Saturday night. There was a 20 min wait so we went to the bar and luckily found 5 seats together. . We ordered a pitcher a sangria to share. Oh my goodness did that quench our thirst. It was red wine based with fresh fruit. Scrumptious!! We each were able to get 2 glasses-ish. . . The hostess came over and showed us to our seats. We were promptly served water and of course ordered another pitcher. After looking at the menu while at the bar we knew what we wanted for our first round. I must say the stuffed dates ARE A MUST!! I was unsure of them but once I ate one I immediately grabbed a second. (In fact we ended up ordering two more on our second round.) Everything we tried was amazing. They were a tad bit slow clearing the plates buys I think that's because we ate them so fast!! The shrimp ceviche and eggplant cannelloni is also worth a mention. Also the sliders were on point. . . Worth the cab fare.
The food, the drinks, the ambiance, the staff, the place, the price... oh, how I just love this place! I go here once a week. I love this place! A MUST TRY!
After first dining here several years ago, we were excited to return when we stayed off-the-strip.  It was a busy, hoppin' joint, but we got a nice table right away.  Our server was friendly and efficient.  We had several dishes, which were all so delicious.  The meat was perfectly cooked, the sauces were nice, and the vegetables were fresh.  My only complaint was that it all came out so quickly, I would have rather lingered over small courses.  . . We shared a pitcher of sangria, and we sadly could not finish it all, very generous pitcher.  The sangria was stellar, with nice chunks of fruit floating within.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Always great service - quick service, and very friendly and attendant staff.. . The only downside is that the wait can be a little long on busy nights and if you have a big group (understandable for any place) but they're very good about getting tables cleaned up to help the next party.. . GREAT food. Pretty good sized menu of tapas, and nothing is ever bland. So much flavor to choose from! Whatever your taste it, I'm pretty sure you'd find something that you'd like.. . The mojitos are freakin' BOMB. If you like bread pudding, theirs a must-try!. . :)
Cheap food and booze? Imin!. . Got to love Firefly for many reasons besides the cheap dishes and booze! The atmosphere, people and servers make it all meld together perfectly.. . Most dishes here are delicious and the one i was particularly fond of was the lamb chops! Two for about $10?! Amazing! . . Check out my Firefly food pictures among other on my Instagram! @dentalgaymer
My favorite tapas restaurant in Vegas.  The Sangria is to die for and I love the eggplant with goat cheese, beef and mushroom skewers and of course the paella!
I have been here a few times now and it has only gotten better. It is a Spanish Tapas restaurant off of the strip with very sensual red lighting and amazing food. I am a big fan of the chicken skewers and the filet mignon especially. The sauces are amazing!!! The strawberry mojitos are off the charts. Super fresh, there is actually real strawberry in it. I love the lemon berry tarts and mini cheesecake!! Very tasty and the serving size is not huge. There's a super neat fish tank in there too. The service is very good, you are never stranded. Firefly will always have a very special place in my heart for more reasons than one.
Favorite restaurant in a week of great restaurants while visiting Las Vegas for a conference earlier this month! Plan to wait... but the staff is really accommodating and will call you on the phone/ hold your table for a few minutes if you aren't front and center when your name is called. I recommend visiting Kelly's down the way and getting a drink while you wait. So on to other stuff.... . This place is super crowded. The menu is not huge but literally everything is great so it's tough to make decisions. Our party of 6 ordered one or two things each and shared in true tapas style. Prawns were a particular hit, as were the skewers. My favorite was the ceviche, which had avocado in it (I don't even like avocado and I still loved it!). I hear the sangria is amazing and I really regret not getting it. I did however order a few desserts to share, and all were  well received. We tried the bread pudding and the dessert platter (cheesecake, tarts, tres leches). The bread pudding was the favorite, as well as the cheesecake.. . Enough talk- go eat here!
The place was jam packed on a Sunday evening at 7:45. We had great service, the bartenders were very attentive and friendly. There was lots of energy and very pleasant atmosphere.  . . Try the bacon wrapped dates and dip the free bread in the sauce. Yummy!  Very delicious.  This is a great find for both locals and visitors.
The bacon wrapped dates are awesome! Just order them!
One of my favorite places to eat. Sparkling sangria and the ham & cheese croquetas are my fav.
This place is a hidden gem! Great atmosphere with lovely food. such reasonable pricing for great food. . . Try the scallops and if you order the firefly fries, make sure you are sharing them! the portion is HUGE!
Came with a group of 6ish while at convention, we shared numerous plates and all left satisfied and happy for around $100 total which is fantastic in Vegas and for being right behind the strip. Ambiance was warm and intimate. There is a bit of a wait, seems to be a popular place, however, a bar is conveniently located a couple doors down which we took advantage of while waiting.  Raved about the place to fellow conference attendees encouraging them to check it out. We had too many dishes to recall, however, we were not disappointed with any of them. Will make it back next time in town.
This place is fantastic!. . Do yourself a favor and reserve a table ahead of time.. I went on a Wednesday night and there was a 30 minute wait. I can only assume this place is packed every night. Luckily, since I had reserved a table I was seated right away.. . Pretty loud and super casual, lots of great menu options.. I'll definitely be back the next time i'm in Vegas.
I love it here!  Great concept.Small plates and priced reasonably. . . We looked at the pics that other Yelpers had graciously posted and began our tasting session...  My party of 5 loved everything we ordered.  I recommend you try their paella!. . Firefly is on a short list of restaurants in Vegas where I will definitely return for repeat visits.. . Deservedly so, Firefly was a Reader's Choice selection in the BestofVegas.com awards for 2013.
Bacon Wrapped Dates!!!! Magic in ones mouth! Lamb Chops are also amazing, actually everything on the menu is amazing. You have to go with a group because you have to order most of the menu and have a bite of everything!
This is truely a fantastic place.  The tapas are outstanding, the wine reasonbly priced.  What has always amazed me is the variety of tapas they offer.  I am always thankful when I am staying up the street at a convention center hotel so that I can walk a few blocks to hit up this gem.  Unfortunately, it seems to ALWAYS be crowded - but that is justifiable if you read the ratings.  Even though I am staying further out this next trip I am going to gladly make the drive to get dinner there.  Almost always room for a single traveler at the bar.. . This is one of the best */$ values in Las Vegas.
Perfect place for tapas!   This appears to be a locals favorite, and I can see why after our visit.  Fun place to sample several moderately priced tapas that are all VERY VERY good + some mighty tasty Sangria.  Superb service.  Added bonus -  B tribe blasting from the speakers!
Best tapas place I've been to. Was recommended by a friend who lives in Vegas. Sangria smooth and tapas so good. Can't wait to go again
Got a mojito pitcher with my girls for happy hour and had a great time!. . From what I can remember everything was so tasty and the waiters were hilarious. Don't know if it was the drunkeness or if everything was really that great! I vaguely remember something made with bacon and dates that was amazing. I don't even like bacon like that.. . I think this has to be my most useless review ever but this place definitely gets 5 stars. :) food, drinks, service, ambiance, all were great. Next time I'm in Vegas I need to take better notes when I'm here.. . I wish there was one of these in LA. I'd be there everyday with a mojito pitcher . Lol alcoholic...
We tried to get a reservation but they were booked, but we decided to try our luck at the door. We waited a good half hour, but it was totally worth it!. . We started with a pitcher of their red sangria. $28 and two of us couldn't finish it, and we love Sangria! They marinate it for 3 days and it's delicious, full of apples but not too sweet. Great bargain, easily good for 3 people!. . We ordered a variety of plates, all of which were reasonably priced and delicious!. . Apple and Manchego Salad - $4.00. Really different, with tiny strips of apples and manchego cheese, with a light dressing and a hint of almonds. Not like anything else I've ever had. 5 stars!. . Tuna Tartare - $8.00. A nice portion with an unusual taste. I found it light and pleasant, and I normally don't enjoy any type of raw fish at all. 5 stars.. . Mushroom Tart - $7.50. Light pastry with mushrooms and boursin cheese and some sort of sauce that was delightful. Thoroughly enjoyed. 4 stars.. . Baked Tetilla - $8.00. A cheese fondue type dish with tomoatoes and toast. It was good, although probably my least favorite dish of the night. Nothing special, but certainly not bad. 4 stars.. . Ham & Cheese Croquettas - $5.00. 3 small but delicious croquettas that we totally inhaled. Absolutely a must! 5 stars.. . Steak & Mushroom Skewers - $8.50. Absolutely heavenly. Tender steak, huge mushrooms, and an amazing creamy red wine sauce that just melted in your mouth. AWESOME! 5 stars.. . Dessert Platter - $12.00. We had flan, passion fruit cheesecake, chocolate tres leches and lemon-berry tarts. The flan was delightful--light and caramely and flavorful. The passion fruit cheesecake was really different, a hint of the fruit and lots of cream! chocolate tres leches is definitely not mything, although my dining partner liked it--I thought the chocolate took away from the dish (least favorite thing I ate all night). Lemon-berry tarts were wonderful! Light and tart and creamy! good value!. . We heard about this place from a waiter on the STrip who said this is where locals eat--you need to eat here!
Delicious! And, despite other reviews complaining about the service, our server seemed stressed, but was still friendly and attentive.. We had the delicious bacon wrapped dates, lamb skewers, surf and turf skewers, veggie empanadas (amazing!), salmon toasts, steak salad (surprisingly, one of my favorites. The steak wastender and cooked to perfection, and complemented the salad very well). My mom had a sangria, which was very nice. I admit I stole a few (or more) sips! All in all, we ended up getting just enough food for 4 people, and left totally satisfied by all the flavors and textures, without being "vegas buffet stuffed".
OMG!!!!!!!!!! Could this restaurant be in Portland please!!!!! I guess I would be in some serious trouble if it was!. . My friend who is a regular took us here for lunch on my last day in Vegas, I could have seriously eaten there  every day! . . We had several plates...two different steak skewers-steak and mushroom and one with a green sauce, the figs (could have had these keep coming), croquettas-ham and cheese and meatballs. It was all amazing!!!!!!!!! Even the bread and almond butter you get when you sit down.. . We all had a different mojioto- blood orange, raspberry, and mango! All yummy!. . My only complaint is that it isn't in Portland, Oregon.. . So do you deliver? ;)
WOW!  This place was very good.  I got the paella and really enjoyed.  I also liked the mussels.  The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent.  This was trul
Vegas peeps who are paying way too much for subpar food on the strip, this is the place you need to come.  Great food from a chef who helped start mon ami gabi.  Tapas were fantastic as was the sangria, which they marinate for three days to really meld the flavors.  Its not really walkable from anywhere but it isn't a far cab ride either.. . Edit: Although this was posted on 5/5, I ate there a few months ago...looks like they are having sanitation problems and were/are temporarily closed http://tinyurl.com/bvdtw74
Their Sangria was amazing! I tasted both the red and the white Sangria and it is the best that I have had by far. Get a pitcher, it is only $28 and worth every dollar.. . Now with the food: I had the tuna tartare, bacon-wrapped stuffed dates, ceviche, sliders, and manchego mac n' cheese. EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS. . . The highlights: The tuna tasted a bit like hawaiian poke with avocado and it paired perfectly with the taro chips, I ordered 2 of these plates (they were that good). Everyone talks about the stuffed dates, and they are amazing; perfect blend between savory and sweet with a nice blue cheese kick. The mac n' cheese was so creamy and was not overwhelmingly rich.. . Firefly has such a high rating for a reason!
Bring 8 people and order one of everything on the menu, I have....you will not be disappointed. Get in early or make a reservation.
A local suggested this to me and I can see why!  I loved this place and I will be back next time I am in Vegas.  I was seated right away.  The waiter suggested the stuffed dates.  I was a little leary, but they were awesome!  Everything else was delicious and the prices cannot be beat.  Service was excellent too.  Watch out for the Sangria - delicious, but it sneaks up on you :)
Outstanding!!! Service excellent. Food excellent. . Had a Mojito pitcher, paella, filet mignon sliders, stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped dates, and a bunch of others. All the food was great, and reasonably priced! Must visit when in Vegas!
Reviews were great and Firefly didn't disappoint.  Everything we tried was fantastic. Loud but lively atmosphere. Wait was close to an hour but we spent the wait at the nearby cigar bar.  . Must try!!
I ate at Firefly during all this hoopla of salmonella. Before everyone gets up in arms and judgey about my liking this place so much, I don't care. Humans are disgusting animals, and sometimes careless animals who let their food go bad. Whoops! Since I have lived in Vegas, I have been wanting to try this place. I'm proud to report that I did--also super proud that I didn't get sick off this place. Nothing short of a fantastic meal was had by me--even if others did not, sadly.. . My mom and I ordered five or six small plates. The standouts were manchego mac and cheese (super bomb, I would eat this in a sandwich or on top of a pizza), the bacon wrapped dates (blue cheese to die for) and the mushroom tarte (I'm so sad I spent so much of my life hating mushrooms. They're delicious!). I would order of these again. Not so much on the duck confit egg roll--it was weird and the sauce was too sweet. . . The service was attentive as could be--the place was packed on a Thursday night at 9pm. The reviews and the patronage don't lie--this place is good. Sucks that they were careless enough to not look for salmonella on the eve of their relocation. . . I hope that Firefly can recover from this really, really bad PR. I've said it before--I'm going back and I look forward to seeing how they change it up!
Wow. Service is fantastic.  Food is so fun and delicious.  Tapas satisfy all desires.
I went to eat here with a few friends. I love tapas and this place had a great selection and atmosphere. I loved the bacon wrapped dates and the caramel flan the best! The flan was so good,we ordered another. Definitely want to eat there again when I visit Vegas next time.
Ate here on Saturday for my sister's bachelorette. The place looks pretty swanky with these crazy red chandeliers, perfect for a bachelorette party! There was even a wedding reception going on in one of the rooms. When we arrived, we decided to split up the orders for our table of 8 into 4 and 4 so it would be easier to eat and share the plates. After ordering, the manager? came up and asked us if we wanted to order off the menu or the package menu (all you can eat/drink for $55/pp). We stuck with our order, but she still offered us a round of shots, strawberry vodka with cranberry for the girls and a blow job shot for the bride. Awesome!! Then another guy came up to the table and asked the bride if he could fill the champagne flute that she brought with her from the hotel, of course she accepted... free alcohol. He brought over a mini bottle of champagne (which unfortunately might have gone bad already) still Awesome. Overall food was great. I totally recommend the mushroom tarts and the chicken and mushroom paella was pretty good too. Overall if you are celebrating something, esp a bachelorette, this is a great place to go.
Saba Man and I stopped in here while on a recent visit to Las Vegas.  The. Best. . . Small plates that don't disappoint;  boasts international flavors along with more familiar fare. . . A short distance off the strip but well worth it.. . *posted photos of some of our order  the ahi poke, empanadas , dessert
We ordered Mac n' cheese, empanadas and Serrano Sliders. ALL of it was amazing. Our service was top grade. Our waiter was extremely helpful and all smiles. The busboy was on top of everything. Drinks were re-filled even before they were empty, trash and plates were cleared in a matter of seconds. AMAZING place. I'd highly recommend it and would definitely make my way back again when I'm in town.
Love love their Sangria and tapas. . . The place is the go to when you come to Vegas.. . I have been coming here almost every time I'm in Vegas and have yet to get disappointed. Wait time can be insane but its will worth the wait. Perfect environment to mingle, bring a date, have a girls night out or anything you can think of.. . The last time I came here was last year, Yes - VERY late review but always better late than never. Been craving for their jambalaya and sangria, not to mention I will be purchasing my flight to go satisfy that craving - crossing fingers its still just as good as I remembered.
Absolutely LOVE this place. Fabulous food, fabulous service and fabulous ambiance. Tasty sangria drinks, the white sangria was especially good because it wasn't too sweet. Ordered the crispy duck, surf and turf skewerers, camarones all ajillo, bacon wrapped dates, ahi tuna with mango, ham and cheese croquettes and every single tapas dish was delightful! Only complaint is that it was a bit dark in the restaurant so we couldn't really see what we were eating.
Amazing tapas!! The filet mignon sliders are extremely tender and perfectly cooked; I could eat 100 of them
I was brought here by my friends who are locals. This is hands down some of the best food I've ever had! Everyone must try this place. It's about one mile off the strip, so everyone should be able to reach it.. . I have traveled around Spain and also regularly eat at Spanish restaurants across Southern California, and I have to say, I expected to find the typically understated and demure, simple and clean tapas I'm used to. Not So! This is bold and flavorful. It's Innovative, it's creative, it's Spanish fusion.. . The Food Style:. This is gourmet at at an affordable price. IMHO the chef is a genius. Each small tapas plate is unique and individual, no two dishes are the same. Again, they are flavorful and bold, never bland. They display complex and contrasting flavors that are complimentary and blend seamlessly together to form a cohesive unit. Because each tapas plate is a small bite, the three of us were able to try 9 plates + 3 free bread and olive plates (The honey-almond-butter is amazing). This meal was like an amusement park for the taste buds.. . I don't eat much meat, so we stuck to seafood and vegetable dishes. It's great for vegetarians.. . My Favs (all 5 stars): The stuffed peppers, the roasted eggplant cannelloni, the manchego mac 'n' cheese, grilled scallops with saffron potato puree, and steamed mussels (incredible sauce). They give you as much free bread with honey-almond-butter and olives as you want. My friends raved about the bacon-wrapped stuffed dates, which are arguably the most popular item on the menu (I don't eat bacon).. . Others (4 stars): Tortilla espaniola, patatas bravas (great brava sauce).. . . To Drink: A pitcher of Red Sangria. This is the real deal and very very tasty. It tastes like a fruity Merlot, not like some frou-frou fake sangria cocktail you get at chain restaurant.. . NOTE: some tapas are better than others, but you have to be adventurous and start trying. Use the tips above. The only one I wouldn't order again was the seared ahi tuna skewers. They didn't have much flavor and the texture a little too tough to chew.. . Ambience: somewhat dark and intimate, warm decor, comfy booths. . . Service: Excellent. very friendly and attentive. They easily accommodate special requests.. . Prices: $35 per person after tip per person for 9 plates and a big pitcher of sangria, and we were all STUFFED. . . PROS: The Amazing Gourmet Food; great for vegetarians; affordable prices; delicious sangria; comfy booths;  great service too; close to the Strip (about 1 mile). . CONS: NONE. . BOTTOM LINE: Come here, or you're missing out! I would consider driving back to Vegas from LA to eat here.
Love this place. Good food, fun atmosphere.
I'm a huge fan of tapas & this is one of my favorite restaurants ever. My only complaints are it's a little loud & crowded.
