I love this place! All suites (huge, too) in the place. Prices are reasonable for Vegas. Buffet is great and humongous! $24.95 all day so you can eat anytime of the day and as many times as you need to.  But don't go during peak hours ( breakfast, lunch, dinner) Go in between to avoid the crowds. It food is good and the place is popular for its variety.
RIO, RIO, RIO. It is the BEST Buffet in Vegas. During our stay there, me and the family ate at the World Buffet. Endless snow crab legs, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, and American. All I could say about the deserts was AHHHHH YUMMY !!!!! We walked out weighing atleast 10 lbs heavier but who cares. The food was GREAT !!! Worth the weight gain.
This room is sooodope. Totally wrth the extra money for a suite. Surprisingly really enjoyed this hotel. As I said the hotel room was very nice, huge and had a great view of the strip. Also wasnt super far off the strip so def convenient etc. Will stay here again
I just got back from Las Vegas after staying at the Rio. Its interesting that this hotel gets so many bad reviews because my experience was excellent. I only payed 128 bucks to stay wen, thurs and friday. That's a bargain to me. . . As far as the room goes it had a big bathtub but the bath area does have a little bit of a claustrophobic feel to it but then again I did get the cheapest room. There's a big couch and full size window which had a big, elegant view of the strip. Everything was clean except for the iron being in bad shape. I called to have it replaced and they had a new one in about 15 minutes. . . The casino is really fun because they hire very pretty girls for everything and dress them very sexy. Also there are two popular clubs there which bring in a lot of attractive girls. If you want a casino where you'll see lots of eye candy while you gamble this is the place. All the staff was friendly and one security guard I was talking to noticed I was way drunk. He was very nice and told me to make sure to keep my room number and key on me so that If I get to drunk they could put me to sleep. I found it funny and nice he said that but I definitely didn't get too drunk that I couldn't  walk. So for the price I paid this was definitely a very good casino and one awesome place to party.
I really liked the Rio.  The price is great! The window view was pretty nice and is very spacious since they are all suites.  Great service.  I love the American Steak House Restaurant; the prime rib was soo bomb! The Rio Buffett was also great too !! I love the crab legs with butter! =) . . Pretty much the Rio has it all !!
37/night for the penthouse suite in the Ipanema Tower? 5 Stars!!. . Yes, I can be bribed for 5 stars. This place ROCKS. So we needed an extra night in Vegas, since my buddy's flight wasn't leaving until Monday night. I phoned up some contacts, pulled some strings, and found Imperial Hotel for 17/night and Rio for 37/night (Mountain View, King Bed). I'm more of a Planet Hollywood guy, but for 110/night no thanks. I ended up going with the Rio, even though it was off the strip. . . The whole time I was thinking... old hotel, the room is going to be gross... it's going to be so gross... what is my friend going to think of me? But to my surprise, the lady at the counter said she was going to give us a complimentary upgrade. When she said upgrade, I thought she was going to give us the strip view. . . She put us up on the 20th floor, where you need a key to operate the elevator. The floor opened up to a really classy, and renovated floor. You know this place is fancy, because there was a concierge desk and a library/study area. As we walked toward our room, I was cursing that it was at the very end of the hall. We arrived at our room, with a set of double doors. We opened the door and "OH S-!!". . The suite had an large living/dining area with a powder room with a wet bar. The curtains were operated via electric controls and we had a view of the strip and the pool area. There were two large LCD TVs; one in the living room and one in the master bedroom. The bathroom had a really high tech Jacuzzi. I was so excited that I was literally running around the room with a boner. . . Thanks for the upgrade Rio!. . A little about my credentials:. I'm just an average Joe that travels a lot for business and pleasure. I'm an Elite Premier for United, Gold Member for Marriott, and Gold Member for Hilton. I usually book rooms around 130-160/night depending on location, amenities, and the year the hotel was built/renovated. My hotel turn offs include: Valet only parking, dirty bathrooms, and paper thin walls.
This is by far the best place to stay in Vegas! You can get great deals for pretty cheap room rates if you look. The casinos rock and there are bars and entertainment everywhere!! Be sure to use Facebook or Foursquare to check in to get other deals! Plus, if you have a Total Rewards card, you can get extra points by joining Topguest on-line!!
been here 2x. loved it both time. rooftop lounge is incredible after 10pm. nice pools. good food. good sports book.  great prices.
Next time we go to Las Vegas, I would stay there again!
This review is for the bar closest to the Chippendale's boutique & the parking garage.  Everything else is on it's own.. . All I need to say is Jared ROCKS.  Best. Bartender. Ever.  He is hilarious and quick with the cocktails.  I love him so much!
Number 1 buffet in Vegas! Amazing .. clean .. affordable! Everything was amazing! Hotel was very clean and enjoyable!
Everyone told me the Rio was outdated. They are crazy! We had a straight pimped out room with king bed. The next day the convention was easy as pie to get around and the staff were very helpful. I really enjoyed my stay here. :)
Always enjoy this hotel when we stay here. Huge rooms and close to the strip. Just play a little and you get comped rooms next time you come. We got married in Vegas in August 2011 and our wedding party stayed here and had no complaints.
This place is actually a lot better than I had expected.  When I first learned that I was gonig to the RIO for my girlfriends bachelorette party, I thought...the RIO is so far from the strip, we wouldnt be able to walk to any clubs and it sounds like a dingy place.  But I was wrong...and it wouldn't be the first time.  . . Our suite room was spacious, we were provided an extra rollaway bed since we had so many girls and there were more outlets in the place than the venetian suites.  Theere were 2 sinks, one outside and inside the bathroom which were extremely convenient for a big group of girls.  Furthermore there was a fridge in addition to the minibar so we could keep our alcohol cold instead of filling a tub full of ice :). . Cab fares were about $12 each way to the strip...lets say RIO to cosmopolitan which isnt bad at all.  Bottom line...if you're tight on budget but still want to have a nice convenient room for a cheaper price...come to RIO.. . Oh and if youre with a group of girls...watch chippendales!  sooo in love.
Five star hotel.  Beautiful rooms and accommodations.  Great buffet.  I go to Vegas three times a year.  I like to play the video poker and never win and loose a ton of money, but love to stay here.  The pool and spa areas are nice.  They have a lot of good restaurants.  The voodoo lounge has a great view of Las Vegas.  . . This is my place to stay and play in Las Vegas.
Went here for a 4 night stay and loved it. Very easy to access from the 15 fwy and not far from the strip. If you wanted to, you could walk there or take a shuttle to one of the other Harrah's owned casinos.. . We checked in on wednesday and didn't have to wait long to get a room (I know, it was a wednesday) but other places i've stayed at also had 1 or 2 people at the hotel registration when Rio had 4 people. Our luggage was brought up to us and the bellboy was very helpful in giving us some recommendation in and out of the casino for dining and shows.. . After the second day, we had our room cleaned and towels replaced and came back to see that the change we accidentally left out (about 20-30 dollars) and a nintendo DS was still in our room.. . I ended up playing mostly blackjack and craps and decided prior to our trip that i was going to make the most out of this vacation so i was very pleased to see the waitress coming 4-5 mins after i ordered my drink and the person taking orders came by every 15 mins. As far as I can remember, they were on time or a couple mins late each round and we ordered EVERY round lol.. . Buffet was delicious of course but I remember them serving crab legs that didn't crumble on you the last time I ate here. Ribs and Prime rib were mm mmm mmmm!. . Only thing missing from this place is the lack of activity in the Masquerade section. We brought our kids so we were expecting to see that show every hour or be able to hang out at McFaddens but the bar was closed (permanently?) and no shows happened for a few days.. . Definitely staying here again next time!
Great place; have stayed here about five times. Ask for one of the rooms in the tower, great bathtub, loads of room. Even "mountain view" rooms have impressive Vegas night-light views.
We stay here every year on our trips to Vegas.  We have received excellent accomodations, and service each time.  We like the fact that it is off the strip just a bit.  This way we can ride the shuttle to the strip, but when we've had enough we can come back to a nice place and escale the madness.  We also enjoy the fact that it is just across the street from the Palms, another of our favorite places!
I stayed at the Rio when we went to Las Vegas to get married.The experience was great for the price! The rooms are a little out dated but this hotel is an older hotel. Wi-Fi is expensive for what you get I only paid for one day because it didnt seem worth the money. Be careful for the mini bar we pulled something out and put it back and got charged for it. The charge was removed at checkout.
Came here twice by myself. Both times I got a free upgrade, the first being an upgrade to a higher-level suite, the second being an upgrade with a better view. . . I really like this hotel because it is away from the Strip which gives you a little more privacy. The great thing is that because it is not on the Strip, it is typically cheaper! . . No complaints with the room or housekeeping. Everyone I spoke to, the casino tellers, waiters, concierge, front desk, and housekeepers were polite and very nice-- though that could also be because I looked like I was 15 years old...darn my height!!. . However, I would say, as caution to the single female travelers, if a guy says hi to you, don't say hi back (unless you are looking for some fun...what goes on in Vegas, stays in Vegas, I suppose)! I was walking back to my room and a mid-20s guy greets me as I walk past him. I reply hi back, and then he says, "Wait", walks back to me, and says, "Hey, so what are you doing tonight? If you are free, do you want to go back to my room and hook up, or I can treat you at the bar for drinks?". . I had the heart of a saint because I initially said no, but when I saw his crestfallen face, I decided to give him an ego boost and said, "Maybe, what room are you in? Okay, if I am interested, I'll stop by.". . See ladies? I am so nice...and then I promptly went back to my room and went to bed. . . But that said, yes, will definitely come back to Rio with a stern look on my face to ward young men off as I pass by them.
When I went to Vegas we didn't stay at this hotel but we did stop by and did some gambling and saw Penn and Teller. The guy who helped us with our ticket order was professional and  took his time to explain our seating options for the show. The Casino itself is nice, big with a ton of gaming options. I am giving the Rio 5 stars because they have Penn and Teller. Yup, the only reason. Not the guy at the counter really, even though he was awesome. Just because The Rio has Penn and Teller. So if your in Vegas, plan on going to Vegas and are looking for a great show please stop by the Rio and see Penn and Teller!!!!
Recently stayed for a conference, everything was good. I wasn't thrilled with having to pay for an Internet connection that never even worked, but I let the desk clerk know and they waived the fee.
I LooooVE this hotel!! The workers are so friendly and helpful. We have stayed there 3-4 times. Last time they gave us a super room, I don't even know for how much it was but we paid for a standard room and they gave us a room which was like 1000 sq feet with a Jacuzzi. Actually there were two rooms in one suite. Also they serve the best free drinks...They taste really good, not crappy like in other hotels. OK, it's not a fancy hotel but it's a really nice and affordable place. Thank you.
Fastest beer service ever.
I am a big fan of this place. The rooms are quite large, and have floor to ceiling one-way windows! Not a bad view in the whole place.  It is located off the strip, but since it is a Caesars property they offer a shuttle to the strip.  They have a great pool, an enormous buffet (half off for locals). The Rio is a bit more expensive than the next door neighbor the Gold Coast but well worth it. This place is a must check out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Visting Las Vegas for the first time, staying at the Rio was a true Las Vegas expirience. The ambiance is amazing. The casino is clean and busy all the time. The staff was incredibly nice and helpful and the food and bars were great. The pool has an amazing set up and the whole hotel promotes true Las Vegas style fun!
Front row seats at the Hells Kitchen taping with Gordon Ramsey... Amazeballs!  The process of gettin in was a nightmare but the show was worth it.
This hotel is really under appreciated. It's got great games, great entertainment (hello Chippendales and performance in the sky), but best of of all, it has an excellent buffet. . . Rio has two buffets - one "world cuisine" and the other seafood. We went to the former. It was one of the best buffets I've been to. The selection was fantastic - prime rib, spanish food, great seafood, sushi, etc. Everything was cooked to perfection - the meat just fell apart. Everything I had, which I'm sad to admit was tons, was excellent. Totally worth the wait and the money. The best part? The dessert bar is to die for. They have a gelato bar plus mini desserts, so you don't feel bad when you eat like 3 of them. Well, you may, but you have an excuse - they're mini!
If  you looking for a decent hotel to get away from the crowded strip, if you love buffets, winning some cash  while watching a show in sky and Chippendale then you will have a blast at Rio..   We stayed here for 2 nights during spring break, it was $150 total because we stayed on a Friday night. Their penny slots have really good payout. Dont forget to pick up a reward card and use it to play, you can also get discount for 24 hr buffets. After tax it will be around $50 and you will get to try 6 buffets. Rio has 2 buffets out of 6 buffets on the list. . I got the king suit at Masquerade Tower with pretty view. I told the employee who checked us in, it was our first time staying here, so she really made sure that I got the best room.The room is very spacious and boy they have good makeup lighting here. There are a fridge and a safe in the room. Their TV is outdated tho, but we came to Vegas not to waste time in the room to watch TV anyway. There is also a couch which is good for a person to sleep on.. If  you are thinking about having a bachelorette party, consider booking at Rio.I think they designed this place for girl (Chippendale? lol  ) because the shower area and make up area are separate so one person could take showers while other can do their make-up and trying dresses on in a larger space.They also have two sinks so no fighting here. Going to Vegas with a group of girls is a disaster if there is only one bathroom.. My experience at Rio was awesome, I love the show in the sky, it is not for kids tho, I remember me and my sister got kicked out before for standing there.Staying in a place that not good for kids isn't any better because the adults are a bigger mess. Dont make eye contact or smiling to strangers if you don't want them to follow you to your room
This truly is a Vegas hidden gem.  We stay here every time while in Vegas and we love it.  The bars are fun and the layout is great.  THe restaurants have good food.  The service is always excellent.  The pool area is fantastic.  The rooms are all suites so they are all pretty nice.  The hallways are sooooo long.   They have shuttle service to Ballys and Harrahs every 1/2 hour so that will save you money on cab fair.  I REALLY do love this place.  The Voodoo lounge is a lot of fun too.  The prices are pretty steep but it is Vegas so you can't expect anything less.
I was on vacation with my parents and was actually stuck in Vegas due to Hurricane Sandy (I live in Boston). I was originally staying at the LVH and didn't really like it that much. It was okay, but nothing impressed me. Everything in the building is sort of old and falling apart for the once glorious Hilton. The rooms are TINY and very run down. So I decided to book another hotel when I found out I have to stay 2 more nights in Vegas. After reading some reviews, I booked Rio. It's actually a lot better that I expected, especially for the price I'm paying. My parents are very Chinese and are not use to American food. Rio is very Chinese friendly hotel and is close to Chinatown, there's also 4 Chinese TV channels (2 Cantonese, 1 mainland and 1 Taiwan.) The rooms are way better than LVH (also no resort fee.) It was very big, there's 2 beds and a sofa with ceiling to floor windows. The bathroom is very clean and pretty as well. The only downside is that's it's not really on the strip and there's no way to walk there, BUT there's a free shuttle to the strip from 10am to 1am every half an hour to the Harris and Bally's. If I do go back to Vegas, I will definitely stay with Rio again!
To call this a poker "room" would be a farce. It's more of a warehouse. You'll find any game or tournament you want to play. You'll see the WSOP. You'll walk behind the Grinder and say wassup. You'll watch Patrik Antonius win a 100k pot. You'll be at a fun table all watching games and mucking hands. Service really sucks for such a prestigious place, but the dealers are the best around. The walk from the strip can be a bitch in 100 degree weather, but it's well worth it.
For locals discounts:  http://www.riolasvegas.com/locals/discounts.html. . I stayed at the Rio on Thu/8 Nov using a $59 TravelZoo.com local deal voucher which included a 1 night stay, $30 dining credit and 2 passes to Voodoo Lounge.. . 5-stars because:. - All of Harrah's properties (Rio, Paris, Flamingo...) doesn't charge a resort fee (usually $20/night) for a stay.. - Rio treats locals with TotalRewards especially well: 50% off drinks at any casino bar and The Irish Pub (which has a cool lounge area with sofas and room for beer pong), 25% off their restaurants (except for Hamada) and 50% off Rio Carnival World Buffett for me + up to 7 other people in my party and other discounts (eg show tix).. - Rio has that free Masquerade Parade in the Sky performance Thu - Sat.  It's ok but it is free (other free shows include Treasure Island's pirate show, Bellagio water fountain show, Mirage volcano eruption and the Fremont Street Experience).. . Kind of a fluke:. - That $59 TravelZoo deal turned out really well for me since at the hotel I only had to pay an additional $3 or so in taxes/fees (since there's no resort fee).  I checked the Rio website and an equivalent room that night was priced at $250+.. - TravelZoo also included a $30 dining credit which I used at the Rio Village Seafood Buffett (which I wasn't really impressed with).  I had been to the Voodoo Lounge before so I didn't bother to go there that time even though they have a great view (especially at night) of the Strip/Vegas.. - During check-in the Rio employee gave me a free upgrade to the 1,600(!) square feet room.  The room had a beautiful 140 or so degrees view of Flamingo Road (which Rio, Gold Coast and Palms are located).  It's kinda funny that the Rio room is bigger than my house (which is 1,548 sq feet with 4 bedrooms) but the Rio room only has 1 bedroom.
Cool hotel/Casino off the strip .. Been here a bunch of times throughtout the years. All rooms are suites here. Pretty big open Casino.
I LOVE THE RIO! . Coming there every so often to vegas, this is my go-to place.  I'm there for work and appreciate having a quiet little haven of hotel rooms there.. The rooms are very quiet(usually- though a few days ago I had to call down for a noise complaint- they sent up security asap and fixed that), and the rooms are nice and huge. At least in the Ipanema tower. The staff is really nice about working with you to get a room you want too. . In the lowest rate rooms, there's an empty fridge, comfy chair, couch, king bed, floor to ceiling windows and really a ton of space for a hotel room- and very low rates if you book wisely, ahead of time, etc.  I recommend getting a total rewards card when you are there the first time- my room was basically free my second stay there after my comped rates.  Also, my big yays about the location- right on a bus line leading to several grocery stores only a few mins down the road. For natural food, look up Sprouts. For even closer cheap grocery food, look up Food for less(crazy cheap). Also, close-by-ish is china town(99 Ranch is a great asian food store). I'd really recommend getting a taxi there if the busses aren't convenient timing wise, tried walking, wow takes longer than I'd have thought. Also, trader joes is not terribly far, though you'll have to change busses after a very short first bus ride.  I'm really not into eating at restaurants at casinos, so eat really well when I'm there as I make everything in the hotel room!
Theee best $27 we spent for a hotel suite through Hotel Tonight APP. Sister in law paid only $17 for completing a survey.
Recently stayed at the Rio. It was a great experience.. We were able to get a suite for $50 a night. The suite was large and comfortable.. Buffet is one of the best we've had.. There is a shuttle to Paris and Ballys.. The breakfast buffet across the street at Gold Coast is only $5.99.
Great place to be. Great rooms and for the price you cannot go wrong. Great bars and rooftop lounge is awesome. Also the adult pool is the place to be. I recommend you join the Total Rewards Program helps you get discounts off the buffet and other amenities at the hotel.
Love the buffet!!! Half off for locals too! about 30 bucks for 2 people... for locals... great deal. especially if your wanting to get your grub on!
I'll give Rio 5 stars just for the rooms and the lack of noise complaints LOL.. . We had a suite all the way at the end of the hall for a friends bday, and even with a live DJ, heavy drinking, and even smoking in the hallways, Rio didn't ever bother us lol.. . The room setup is cool...more of a long L shape, that has the master on one end, the kitchen and living area, and then a dining area at the opposite end.  Plenty of room for people to hang out and have a good time.  We had about 25 people or so, and were pretty comfortable.. . Prices are reasonable here too, since it is off strip.  Consider it strongly for a staycation or get-together!
Great Buffet!!! Awesome 50% off local special!!
Stay at rio hotel Las Vegas with my husband  last July 7 2013 and stay for only 1 night, I was so surprised for the room they upgrade. It was in 20th floor  a suite room and a 2 story room for no extra charge because I bought that deal in living social for only $129 with 2 buffet and 2 passes in voodoo club...so lucky!!!
I just recently stayed at the Rio and it was fantastic! Booked thru vegas.com so my room was already prepaid. The room itself was very spacious, clean and the bathroom was actually pretty descent. Found it convenient that there were two sinks and the safe came in handy. Loved the free shuttle service to the strip. The only negatives I could think of were that check-in and check-out took awhile and the resort fees (but hey, I guess all the hotels are doing that now). They're at least a bit cheaper than other hotels on the strip ($18/day). The price I think for the size and quality of the room is reason. I paid like $110 for a two night stay. Although, the front desk people could be a tad bit friendlier. Overall, I had a great experience at the Rio. I found my Las Vegas hotel indefinitely!
My boyfriend and I spontaneously came to Vegas for a turn around trip. We booked a regular room for one night. When we checked in, the front desk told us they were going to upgrade us to a room with a "better view." Little did we know, they upgraded us to the Carioca suite.  It was a very, very, very beautiful room. The suite included a large living room, 1.75 bathroom, 1 closet, 1 walk-in closet, two robes, dining table, a separate bedroom, jacuzzi spa and beautiful vanity table. It felt like we hit the jackpot!! Thank you Rio for treating us well!
I'm so excited to share this review!!! I've been to Vegas several times, I have never experienced the exceptional customer service, knowledgeable and friendly staff that I did on this recent trip.  I usually stay at Paris or the Venetian on the strip. I love Lights and excitement the strip offers.. This trip my BF wanted to see the Penn and Teller show, and since this was a 1 night trip we decided to stay at The Rio.  . We arrived at the hotel at Approximately 8:15 PM.  While checking in we got our tix to Penn & Teller and  considering we were checking in late, we ask for a late checkout.  Apparently the room we were in did not allow for a late checkout, The person helping us began Looking in to get us a different room. (Quick note: Late check out gives an extra hour).... We rushed up to the room so i could change for the show. Coming down the hallway we came up to double doors.  My bf opened the door and we entered a 2 story suite, With a marble entry, glass chandeliers, Expansive living room, separate dining room, (Capable of seating eight) A kitchen bar area, Bathroom, writing room and this is just the downstairs.  Upstairs was a walkway  that overlooked the living room, and led to a mini living room outside of the bedroom.  The bedroom had a 4 poster bed with pillow top mattress lots of fluffy pillows and wall to wall windows.  There was a entry hall that led to acloset equivalent to three of my walk in closet at home,  and a massive Double-sided bathroom with a Grecian style tub in the middle. Whew!  No I didn't want to leave the room! Damn just for a late check out request!. It's really set the precedence for our whole 24-hour stay. From there we headed to the Penn & Teller show.   Sadly this didn't work out quite as well for us, Getting there late the person that was to lead us to our seats (front row) Refused to take us down as people were already sitting in our seats and he did not want to disrupt the show or make them move. Paying top dollar for something and not getting it, left a little bit of a sour note but all is well we got a refund.. . Next stop was the gaming tables I like " let it ride" and "21,". We were met by a dealer "Lucy". OMG this lady had such a great personality.  Seriously if you go to Vegas and you're losing money you need to have a dealer like this,  She was very engaging, funny and infectious.  As long as she was at the table we stayed at the table. Luckily we won.  Not a lot, but enough to make it fun and offset some of our cost.. . The next experience At the Rio was At the world buffet.  It's renowned for having any type of food you could think of.  Personally I didn't find the food anything extraordinary.  Everything was lukewarm and I prefer my food hot, Actually I'm not a fan of any buffet.  What's stood out though was the service. We asked to be seated away from kids , Which pretty much put us into a secluded area at the buffet and Serving areas. The  Coffee server was prompt and when she brought us mimosas, I had asked for plain champagne, No sooner than she turned around she had two glasses of champagne to us. I couldn't even count the seconds! . . I will definitely return I had such a great time & Exceptional service!!
Rooms are great! Housekeeping did a great job! Prices are a bit high but its Vegas! Had fun here!
One of my favorite places to stay.  BEST buffet :-)  Great service.  Awesome rooms.  I'll be back here on my next trip!
The rooms are great and spacious.. The all suite makes it amazing as you don't have to juggle for the price on which room to pick.. The rooms are clean and the staff maintains it all the time.. Staff is wonderful.. I normally prefer this to stay as it has low rates and also not so busy to get in and out.. No strip traffic if you commute in your car.. They have a shuttle/bus service from the casino to Bally's in case you don't have a car and want to hang out on the Strip.. . Get the pool view room as it also overlooks the strip.
I have to say that I had no complaints with my stay here at the Rio. When my boyfriend and I checked in, the front desk agent was very knowledgeable and friendly. Went to our suite and it was awesome! Very clean and spacious! The casino was a little small compared to other hotels, but it had a bit of everything. The dealers here were friendly and personable. I have to say that I was most comfortable and enjoyed playing tables and slots at the Rio. . . The Rio is about a mile off the strip, but the walk to the strip isn't too bad. Well we did go when the weather wasn't too hot. It would be killer during the summer. There are free shuttles that will take you to the strip too.. . The fitness gym is a little small, but everything that you need is in there. The spa and fitness employees were very helpful and kind. The gym was always neat and water and juice were always refilled.. . If I were to go back to Las Vegas, I would definitely stay at the Rio. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay!!
