How unfair is it that when I finally find my go-to dessert spot, it has to be in another state?!. . Last week, I forced group to go to Max Brenner for some dessert.  Located conveniently inside the forum shops in Caesar's Palace, we didn't have to trudge through the icy Vegas weather outside.. . At around 7 pm, we were seated immediately on the upper floor.  Crowds were minimal and noise was minimal here.  Ahhh...more peace and quiet to sink my teeth into my dessert.  . . After combing through the dessert menu from front to back, then back to front, we finally decided on the Banana split waffle ($13.95).. . The presentation of the dessert plate was awesome!  When it was placed in front of me, my eyes lit up.  "IS THIS ALL FOR ME??? YAYYY!!!" The waffle was crispy and warm and the bananas were crispy after being caramelized.  The vanilla ice cream paired SOO well with the warm waffle and extra chocolate was set aside in a container that looked like a beaker.  Crispy coated chocolate pieces were also on the side too.  The dessert was absolutely delicious from beginning to end.  If there weren't other people around, I think I would have licked the plate in the end.. . Service here was also great and efficient.  Our server gave us great recommendations and refilled our drinks regularly.  . . They must have put something in the banana split waffles because I'm craving a dessert fix already!  If you come to Vegas, you have to at LEAST come to Max Brenner to jolt your taste buds back to life.  You won't regret it, cause I told you so! :)
You want CHOCOLATE?. . You can't handle this chocolate.. . My taste buds will never be ready for this place and my stomach feels terrible... terribly satisfied. You can even smell a waft of cocoa powder while walking up the stairs towards the 2nd floor. . . Everything on the dessert menu is fabulous- I tried the max sandwich (the ultimate chocolate ice cream sandwich), the banana crepe (crepe filled with dark chocolate and bananas, topped off with caramel ice cream), and the hazelnut shake. My favorite item though is the crepe. . . MmmM... Sensory overload.
You will never encounter better chocolate. It's as simple as that.. . I made reservations for two for January 8th, 2011 at 3pm, which is Brunch. I made these reservations as a Christmas gift to my mother who is the ULTIMATE chocolate aficionado. We arrived at 2:30 without even having realized we were a half an hour early, and they still instantly seated us. . . I researched this restaurant quite a bit before deciding to go there, even though I have friends in New York who rave about this place. I was worried about it being really cramped, loud, busy, and too upscale or snobby for my taste. It definitely wasn't. Every single employee was abundantly friendly and helpful. The setup in the restaurant was very adorable and decently spaced. My only complaints would be thatthe table we sat at was a bit tiny and wobbly, as well as the chair wasn't all that comfortable. Our waiter was a younger man who was very witty and helpful and didn't complain when we gave asked him "which is better?" about several dishes. . . For starters, my mother and I both ended up ordering the Eighties Milkshake ($8) as our primary beverage and were also brought glasses of ice water. It's served in a tall freezing porcelain glass with a steel straw, which is brilliant. The Eighties Milkshake is a combination of milk chocolate ganache and  vanilla bourbon ice cream which is topped with a chocolate 'shell'. This milkshake is HEAVEN. You immediately taste the bourbon in the icecream and how creamy and delectable it is. If you take a drink and bite off a piece of the shell, you enter an alternate universe of tastyness. No milkshake tops how simple but amazing this one is. I can't wait to go back and have another one.. . For brunch I ordered the B.A.L.T. ($14) which is a Bacon, Lettuce, and Tomato sandwich with avocado slices and a cilantro-avocado mayonnaise. I ordered it with pepper jack cheese (+$1). This sandwich was to die for. It's served on white bread with the crusts cut off and is skewered. It is mindblowing. The bacon was perfectly cooked, the sandwich was perfectly put together, and it tasted fabulous. I was worried that because it's a somewhat fancy restaurant that the portions would be small and that I wouldn't get enough bang for my buck, but I was wrong. There's two skewered stacks of the sandwich (one on each side of the dish), with two pickle spears in the center, and a small bowl of about 5 waffle fries with the dipping sauce. The waffle fries are incredible, though I wish there were more. They're perfectly crispy and dusted with cocoa powder and chili powder to give a very mild accent and a very mild kick. The dipping sauce is sensational and definitely has a punch to it. It tastes like a horseradish-tangy-southwestern sauce with a bit of chili powder on top. It compliments the waffle fries very well.. . My mother ordered the Grilled Chicken Panini ($14) and it was exquisite. The Grilled Chicken Panini is a panini with grilled chicken, olive pesto, tomato, spinach, and goat cheese. The chicken was cooked beautifully, the bread was exceptional, the olive pesto gave the panini the perfect amount of saltiness and earthyness, the spinach and the tomato were excellent additions, and the goat cheese completely brought it all together. . . For our much awaited dessert, we ordered the "Sharing For Two" ($25) off the Sweet Icons dessert menu. This dish comes with a few squares of chocolate sponge cake which are melt-in-your-mouth perfect, a crispy chocolate eggroll that is stuffed with fudge and bananas and drizzled with caramel, and two bars of "bark" (milk chocolate and white chocolate) which are a crunchy bar made of what I'm guessing is rice krispy and chocolate. The dish also features 1/4th of a waffle topped with icecream, carmelized bananas, and rice krispy crumble. Last but not least, the Sharing comes with a fondue set; complete with a fire grill, candle-warmed liquid chocolate fondue of your choice (milk, dark, or white), and a bowl of bananas, marshmallows, and strawberries. Oh and did I mention that your entire dish is garnished with the perfect amount of powdered sugar? You can't go wrong with this dessert. It's everything that a dessert should be. . . Max Brenner's has instantly become one of my favourite places to dine and I will surely be going back time and time again.
ABSOLUTELY the BEST dessert I've ever eaten in my entire life..... . The fiance and I came here on a whim after seeing pictures of Max Brenner in the free hotel room magazine at Paris. Our dinner date coincided with filming for the Food Network show "Kid in a Candy Store," so not only did we get to indulge in scrumptious sweets, we also were filmed for the show while eating it  :-D. . I HIGHLY recommend the Banana Split Waffle...imagine this: a delectably perfect belgian waffle + creamy vanilla bourbon ice cream + carmelized bananas + crunchy chocolate rice krispy balls + a mini jar of Max Brenner's famous melted chocolate (for dipping) -- TIP: You MUST ask for a side of the peanut butter sauce, it is seriously delicious and goes great with the waffle. . . I am salivating just thinking about this. We came back a second night in a row JUST to have this same dessert again. . . We also tried: . Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge Sundae: bananas, rich chocolate and dulce du leche ice cream, peanut butter sauce, whipped cream, nuts...seriously, how can you go wrong? You get your money's worth with this sundae, too. It is ginormous. PLENTY of dessert for two. . . Meaty, Crispy, Cheesy Pizza: It is as the title suggests. We ordered this because we felt like we should put a little "real" food in our tummies before stuffing our faces with chocolate. . . Toffee Hot Chocolate: Oh-so-creamy and yummy. You just want to keep your hands wrapped around that warm little Hug Mug forever.
Chocolate to the Max!  Max Brenner that is.   . . Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.  It was just that good.  Seriously, my experience here blew my mind.. . Made a reservation via Open Table after leaving a filling but highly unsatisfying dinner.  The mood was chocolate and lots of it.  We were seated quickly at an isolated table near the back (and near the servers computer station).  We could easily see the pipes of chocolate that his restaurant in NYC is known for, and our table was large enough to accommodate the extra person who unsurprisingly arrived a bit later.. . Since we came just for dessert, I'll comment only on that.  The menu is fairly large, there's plenty to pick from and everyone had a hard time deciding; but all were able to pick something that met their tastes.  I had the deep fudge chocolate cake and shake dish - in addition to being highly adorable when it arrived: the shake was in a shot glass, the cake was warm, ice cream was in a separate dish, and the fudge came in a container of its own; it was delicious to boot.  I was unable to finish the whole thing, but we could attribute that to my eating off the plates of others and the large dinner beforehand.  I wanted to take it home, but as I was traveling, it wasn't an option.  Let me go back to the ice cream.  This ice cream was maybe the best vanilla based ice cream. . The Maxwich was awesome.  After ordering (two of them were ordered at the table), the chef that night came over to our table to apologize and ask if she could substitute other cookies in - the answer was an easy yes, but then she returned a few minutes later with cookies in hand.  She'd taken them out of a different case where they were being sold just for the making of the Maxwich.  Phew.  The dessert came as intended and was an ice cream cookie sandwich of oooh-y (and aaaaaah-y)goodness. . . Tasted a crepe (also good, butbananas aren't my thing, so I had a small bite) and had a sip of a hazelnut drink which was in their own Alice and Wonderland inspired cup.. . Waitress was friendly, and fast with waters, the food and the bill!. Prices a bit high, but DEFINITELY worth it.. A bit inwards once you're in the Caesars shopping area; so give yourself enough time to get there if your reservation time is important.  . . Chocolate is calling me.  I'll be back.
The Italian Creme Hot Chocolate is amazing. Everything I had there is yummy and the staff is so much fun to talk to. My man and I hung out at the bar one night after work and had a wonderful conversation with Alfonzo the bartender. He directed us to the most yummy desserts (the fondue with churros and the giant chocolate chip cookie with the chocolate ganache). . . I brought my sister and kids back a few nights later for a much needed family dinner and Amy waited on us. She was awesome and was very kind to my 3 and 2 year old kids. I had a burger, the white corn croquettes, raspberry martini with white chocolate, banana tempura fondue and hot chocolate of course (yes...I was going for broke on the calorie meter). My kids got a kick out of the mac n cheese with the syringe of marinara sauce and had a blast tearing up the messy sundae for two (it even came with spatulas instead of spoons...how cool is that!). My only small wish is that they would have a place where you can hose them down when they are finished.  Of course we said hi to Alfonzo and he remembered me (I was impressed because he meets tons of people). . . Needless to say I LA LA LA LOVE Max Brenner for all my chocolate needs and tell all my friends about it. Its a fun and different family meal or date night. Will be back many many many many times.
Yum, yum, yum!  I finally made it back here since the CMYE and it's great!  . . The drinks were great at the CMYE so we had to try more of them.  My husband had the Dreamsicle ($11.95) and it is excellent.  It tastes just like an alcoholic creamsicle.  It's made with vanilla vodka, Grand Marnier, OJ, and vanilla sauce.  I would try to replicate this at home but I have no clue what vanilla sauce is.. . I had the Psychedelic Punch ($11.95) which is rum, triple sec, and a secret exotic juice blend.  Ooooo, secret!  Very tasty and it comes with a side of Chambord and grenadine in a little bottle.  For those who attended the CMYE, it's the same little bottles they served the milk in (no mas leche, Paolo and Allan!).  I'm not quite sure why it's on the side, and it definitely was not one of the ingredients listed for the drink on the menu.  I just poured it all in and drank it down.. . For food, we had the B.A.L.T. ($14.50) and the blackened skirt steak and mushroom quesadilla ($14.95).  Both were very, very good.  I agree with Misti on the B.A.L.T. - there's gotta be a whole avocado in there.  Thewaffle fries that come with the B.A.L.T. are to die for!  Just like Chick-fil-a, but crispy and spicy.  The menu says there is cocoa powder on the fries - I couldn't taste it at all and I don't think I would want to, either.  The only bummer is that they only give you a few waffle fries - like 6 or 7 - with the sandwich.  . . The quesadilla has a good spice to it and comes with some extra sauce, once again in the little milk bottles.  The sauce was a little difficult to get out of the tiny milk bottle and almost fell off the plate when the waitress cleared the table.  Those little milk bottles must break all the time.. . For dessert, we tried the banana split waffle ($13.95).  This is also very good.  It comes with chocolate krispies (my fav), chocolate ganache, and caramel.  There is supposed to be a vanilla bourbon ice cream on top, but I didn't taste any bourbon.  The waffle is very crispy and yummy.. . We also shared a peanut butter chockie ($7.50) which is basically a chocolate and peanut butter shake.  It comes in a cool, Alice in Wonderland inspired glass with metal straws.  My husband got more of this than I did because my straw was defective.  Tasty shake but I'm not sure about the metal straws.. . Those tiny little philly cheesesteak sandwiches that we all adored at the CMYE are only available Monday-Friday, according to the menu.  Also, they seem to have free wifi but I couldn't get it to work.  I figured I'd talk to my husband instead of screwing around with my iPod touch so I didn't ask what's up.  But if they get this fixed it'll make my unexpected wifi list.. . Great service and they took my Groupon with no problems.  Keep in mind when ordering - the tables are really small and the plates are pretty big.  Not particularly good for trying a variety of items.. . Can't wait to come back.  Next time I'm getting a big plate of waffle fries and Euphoria peanut butter chocolate fudge sundae (which my husband vetoed).  Sooo good!
I was walking around The Forum Shops when the hunger hit. One of the first places I checked a menu was Max Brenner. OMG...an adult Willy Wonka shop - a chocolate Love Story! Color me happy. So many choices  while surrounded by chocolate in every form. Who wouldn't love this?. . I started with Venezuela Cocoa - a full creamy texture with hints of vanilla ($5.25). The cups don't have handles, but are shaped so you cuddle them. It was awesome. For $1 more you can add raspberry, coconut, cinnamon, mint, hazelnut or banana, but I went straight.. . So many choices on the menu - Crepe Brulee & Sugar Waffle, Banana Split Waffles, White Chocolate Cheesecake Crepe, The S'mores Concoction, fondues. There's even a sharing tasting menu for 2.. But this was my breakfast,  so  I went with the Guilt Free Omelet ($13.95) which was eggs, mushrooms, spinach, onion, peppers, tomatoes and Swiss cheese, diamond dusted sugar biscuit, spiced home fires and pure melted chocolate lock (melted chocolate in a bowl...I put it on my sugar coated biscuit. Heathly... I don't think so, but 7 ingredient types of umami (fancy-pants way of saying deliciousness).. . Chocolate lovers of the world...you don't want to miss this place!
First off, this restaurant smells amazing, like cocoa and everything chocolate!  Get the sliders and fries! They're a good price for what they are and they are absolutely delicious.
I have been here about 5 times with a 6th visit planned in a couple of days with friends from work for breakfast.  Everything here I've tried is delicious!  So far, my favorite thing to get is the Buffalo Chicken Sliders, waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder and the Peanut Butter Chockie Milkshake.  The chocolate pizza with "the works" is heaven!  This place is great for adults and kids!  The Satisfaction Guaranteed (alcohol) drink tastes like a snickers bar.  Their non-alcoholic drinks like their hot chocolate and their capuccinos are served in cute mugs.  The Hug Mug and the Kangaroo cups.  I will keep coming here to get my comfort food and chocolate fix!
Ok, to start I'm not a big fan of chocolate but after sucking down one of Max Brenner 's favorite hot chocolate which was served with a cold metal straw. They had won me over. I ended up leaving with a box of chocolate which by the way, tasted amazing. Their food are also quite tasty and the presentation looked awsome. I'll definitely go back next time around.
This restaurant is awesome. My girlfriends and I went to have brunch here after a long night out of partying. BEST hangover food ever. Not only are the portions huge, they are delicious! The presentation of the food is also very nice. Almost all entrees have chocolate. I ordered the lazy breakfast and loved it. Customer services is great, prices are decent for a restaurant on The Strip, and the restaurant environment is nice.. . 2 thumbs up! Next time I need to leave room for dessert!
Mexican hot chocolate! All the way.. . This place is AWESOME. Omelet with chocolate sauce! aka mole.  . yummm..... . was open thanksgiving day. service was great. very cute place.. . place that sells chocolate, is a restaurant, and has a bar?. . Bar with chocolate mixed with liquor? . . Dangerous..... . Good thing you can drink all you want because you are in Vegas.  . . Craving for that mexican hot chocolate right now.  It's not just an ordinary hot chocolate.  I won't tell you how it taste because you have to go there yourself!
Every once in a while my husband surprises me with something delightful, tonight was one of those nights. I can usually guess where we're going to eat by the direction we are driving, we have several "usual spots" but I didn't have a clue and when he pulled into parking lot of Caesars on a Saturday night, I didn't know what to expect. . . Once inside we headed towards the Forum shops and he then told me we would be dinning at Max Brenner's. I didn't quite know who that was but there was a familiarity to the name. Once I saw the restaurant I realized it was going to be all about chocolate! . . I started the evening with an eighties milkshake, it is milk chocolate ganache, vanilla bourbon ice cream, and a crunchy chocolate shell. It was thick, cold and yummy! . . Next we had Molly's White Corn Croquettes which was only four petite croquettes made of house seasoned white corn & manchego cheese balls dusted in panko bread crumbs & lightly fried. It was a wonderful taste but just that, a tease of a taste, left me wishing for a bigger bite. . . For my main dish I enjoyed Max's Sunday Mood Pasta with fresh tomatoes, spinach, ricotta cheese, tomato-pesto. It was a little dry but overall there was good flavors found near the bottom of the bowl.. . . We couldn't leave with some wonderful treats for desert, and that we did get, a chocolate sampler which was a tray of tasty sweets. A chocolate fondue pot that they light and keep warm, there were strawberries, marshmallows and bananas to dip. Also on the tray, a banana split waffle, fluffy chocolate sponge cake, crispy chocolate egg roll, with milk and white chocolate balls. It was the best part of the evening. . . I was surprised and pleased that my husband took me to a new place that would not only allow me to enjoy one of my faves, chocolate, but would also have me thinking about the next time.....
Went there last night with the family for a much needed dessert outing. It was amazing. We had the tasting for two plate, messy sundae, Italian creme hot chocolate (is there any other?), 80's milkshake and the chocolate cake. We ate till we were literally sick to our stomachs. Dre was our server and just as cute as a button. He bent over backwards to make us happy. Will always be a loyal patron here. Love to Amy and Alfonzo!
HANDS DOWN!!!! the best chocolate joint in the nation! Who ever this Max guy is, he has perfected the science and craft behind chocolate.  The servers at this place were extremely helpful in showing me the different types of chocolate products they would recommend to me....I swear if I stayed in the store any longer I would have gone broke trying to buy everything in site....all the taste test they have given me was beyond my expectations as to how well the chocolate was developed here.  In the end I only got a frozen hot chocolate to compare to Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate....by far it is way better than Serendipity!  I promise these guys that my wife and I will come back next time we are in Vegas and have a sit down session with the chocolate fondue.. . For those who read this, I promise you that you will not be disappointed when you try their chocolate and if you think other wise and claim Godiva is better like some ignorant taste testers, you do not deserve high quality chocolate.....stick to your Hersheys! :p
so once the effects of fat tuesday (see review) were in full force we came to max brenner...so this place literally has perfected dessert....I am infamous for my sweet tooth and this place definitely gets it goin...we ordered the banana something waffle thing and holy moly i thought i died and was in heaven cuz it was THAT awesome! plus it had ice cream that tasted like praline or hazelnut-- like awesome savory-ness to the uber sweetness of the waffle...oh and there were chocolate malt balls and salt caramel as a garnish...overall a VERY balanced plate and it was spectacular! i would love to check it out again for more of the savory options....but i now have a spot for my sugar cravings now that ciao and their amazing tiramisu are no more!
I felt like restaurant was made just for me!  I'm picky about chocolate, and not only do they nail that, the is awesome too!  Mac n cheese is phenomenal.  Eighties shake is perfection.  I subbed the vanilla scoop for chocolate and it was the best chocolate ice cream I've ever tasted.  We went two days in a row.  No waiting and good service.  GO!!
A friend and I came here and got sat right away. There were only two of us and the table we got was very small but I noticed all the tables were like that so it didn't bother me that much. Besides the cramped eating area, there were tons of things to look at! It was chocolate heaven and the company we had next to us were also very nice and charming so our experience at Max's was wonderful.. . Our server was on point and was very patient with us. What we ordered was:. . 1) Meaty, Crispy, Cheesy and More Pizza - bacon, pepperoni, chorizo, salami, roasted red peppers, garlic, onions & mozzarella. . 2) Cinnamon Apple & White Chocolate Truffle Cream French Toast - brown sugar spiced pecans, warm toffee sauce. . The food came out in good time and it filled me up real fast! It was delicious. The pizza is semi-thin crust and lots and lots of sauce (which I love!!). The French Toast was perfect- not too sweet, not too bland. . . I would definitely come back again. . . ****Beware: Looking at the pictures I have attached from Max Brenners will make your mouth water!
Chocolate lover's heaven!. . I love the slider bar as well.  I went most recently with 3 friends and we shared 3 of the slider bar dishes which were all good, but beware that each of the items in that section only come with two pieces.  Even then it was enough to make us feel satisfied.. . We then went on to 3 plates of dessert, the stand out being the hazelnut, banana crepe.  Don't leave here without trying it!
Max Brenner Knows Chocolate. Definitely. . I came here and immediately i was drawn to the menu that told the story of Max Brenner - in all seriousness though, it's probably completely fictional but despite all that, it was a good intro to what I should expect from the steve jobs of chocolate." Heavenly chocolate" only scratches the surface. . . if you're going to max brenner, definitely give them the moment to show you their way of experiencing chocolate - sounds completely like their marketing strategy, but believe me, it delivers. i tried their waffles, ice cream and coffee, but this review goes to their hot chocolate.. . bottom line: TRY THE SPICY HOT CHOCOLATE. . Spicy hot chocolate; best i've ever had. . they serve it to you in a special cup that they call a "hug mug" which is specifically shaped so that while sipping, your nose is drawn close to the chocolate, in order for you to experience the aromas and spices in the drink itself. after each slow sip, you tastealmost every spice, every cream, and every blend of chocolate mixed into the drink. Drinking hot chocolate this way brings the experience to a whole new level. . . next time i'm in Caesars palace, or Vegas, I'm definitely stopping by to see what Max Brenner came up with next. . . Know this... If Style from "the pick-up artist" were to meet willy wonka, you'd have yourself a place called, Max Brenner.
I went here with my girlfriend. I wanted to go here ever since I've seen Kid in a Candy Store feature it. We tried the chocolate egg roll, which is has a bar of chocolate, nuts, spices, and banana deep fried in a crepe-ish wrapping. Its also served with two dipping sauces (chocolate & caramel) and two strawberries. It was pretty good, the servers there were cool and I can't wait to bring my sister there since she's a choco-holic. I want a slice of that pizza too!
O. M. G. This might be one of my favorite places ever. I'm pretty jealous that Max came up with and implemented the idea before I did. We didn't have any "real" food, but the desserts were out of this world!. . I had The Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake and Shake (white and milk version). DELICIOUS!! Friends had the Banana Split Waffles, the Crispy Chocolate Eggrolls, and the Butterscotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake. All got rave reviews.. . In additional to phenomenal sweets, this place does amazing food presentation, and I'm such I presentation girl. I ate it up, literally and figuratively. Bought two of the Alice cups to take home-- they're super adorable. . . Clearly a lot of thought went into the development and creation of this establishment, which I appreciate. And, I just found out they're opening a new location five minutes from my apartment in Boston! So dangerous, but so exciting! Can't wait!
I don't just throw around my five-stars. I'm very stingy with them, actually, so that's saying something right there.. . We went to brunch there on a lark while on a trip to the Apple Store in The Forum Shops.  I'd passed by once before and had heard good things and the brunch menu looked tasty. A little on the high side for breakfast, but we figured for the Strip, it wasn't bad and decided to give it a shot.. . First, the smell. Oh sweet holy moses on the halfshell, it was DIVINE. The smoky smell of bacon wafting through the restaurant mingled with the rich cocoa scents and it was all just... sublime.. . Our server was Brenda and she was fabulous. Attentive, bubbly, not overly hover-y, she didn't rush us and she had a charming, dishy way about her that I loved. I could drink with her.. . I had the Huevos Rancheros Burrito which was scrambled eggs, chorizo, tomatoes and pepper jack in a red pepper (It was red, I'm just guessing) wrap.  It was served with some glorious house potatoes with a chipotle sour cream drizzled on it with pico de gallo. The whole thing kind of made my eyes roll into the back of my head. My toes were curling. I'm just sayin'.. . He had the Lazy Breakfast of scrambled eggs, chorizo & onions with a side of the same potatoes (sans orgasmic chipotle magic). It was also served with a sugar-dusted buttermilk biscuit, a dish of softened butter and a "lick" (a small dish) of melted milk chocolate, which he added to his biscuit with the butter.. . He loved his breakfast, but after tasting my burrito, wished he'd gotten that, but still raved for several hours about how good breakfast was. The sugared biscuit with the butter and the chocolate combo was brilliant.. . We finished up, he with an 80's shake (vanilla bourbon ice cream, milk chocolate shake with a hard chocolate shell) and I with a Mexican hot cocoa (with cinnamon, nutmeg and other stuff).  Both perfect cappers to our meal. . . We left full, satisfied but not sluggish and with plenty of leftovers which I whipped up into breakfast tacos for dinner last night.. . Our tab was $48, which is about double what we'd normally pay for breakfast, but we don't normally have milkshakes and frou frou cocoa with it, either.  But we both agreed: WORTH EVERY PENNY. (Especially since we got dinner out of it, too.). . We talked about that meal all day, how it put us in a great mood. The power of chocolate is mighty.  I can't wait to go back.
This is one of the highlights of our Vegas trip. I am not a huge chocolate fan but Max Brenner made me experience what most chocolate aficionados must be experiencing when they eat chocolate!. . I read from a magazine that they opened a location late last year in Vegas (Caesar's The Forum Shops, right across the 3-story H&M store). And considering they only have three-- now four-- Max Brenner Restaurants in the US. (None in California, Why?!?!) I thought this was a MUST DO on our Vegas itinerary. And boy, was I right. :). . Our server, Brenda, was very delightful. She introduced us to the whole 'Max Brenner Chocolate' experience. She was also very knowledgeable, if you can't make up your mind. Just ask her. Going to Max Brenner's is like going to a Candy Store. It's hard to pick which candy (or in this case, chocolate) to get.. . In the end, we decided to do a 'taste test' and ordered the "sharing for two" dish (split up between 3 people, lol.) We also got an order of Sugar Crystal Churros and we didn't get to finish it. We were soooo full. Everything was so good! . . They also had a huge selection of shakes and even their food presentation, their cups, mugs, etc. They were so whimsical. It really feels like a chocolate factory. Btw, you can purchase those mugs in the gift shop AND they also have free samples in there. So dig in! :). . If you are looking for the best chocolate martini... order Satisfaction Guaranteed! The name speaks for itself. Seriously. I never had appreciation for chocolate until now.. . We will be back!
Seriously...the Bald Chocolate Man NEVER disappoints. I brought my best friend here for a much needed chocolate fix and Shawn (one of my favorite bartenders) was there. He was wonderful as always. My friend found nirvana in their fondue and french fries with chili mayo. We also wanted to toast to our lives so we ordered 2 splits of Veuve Clicquot which made us feel warm and fuzzy all over. I have not one thing I would change about this trip to Max Brenner. Will be back soon for my fix.
We went to this restaurant with a group of 8 people, fifteen minutes before it closed looking for dessert on a Friday night. We were welcomed in, and seated. Our waitress was not only knowledgable, but was downright enthusiastic about the chocolate here regardless of the fact that we were holding her over. She made some great recommendations for and against some of the menu items. After bringing us our dessert, we were floored. It was all so amazing. . I'm dislike dark chocolates, and love a good creamy milk chocolate. This is as good as it gets with chocolate.. . I would highly recommend the chocolate pizza, and a glass of ice cold milk. Then try the hot chocolate, or a crepe from the Take Out bar. Spectacular!!!
I know this place is well known for their chocolate and chocolate drinks with cute fancy cups they serve it in, but there's two items that should be ordered: . . 1. Yellow Granita- Very refreshing for a hot or cold Vegas day.. 2. Waffle Fries dusted with chili & cocoa powder. . Besides these two must haves, their pizzas, bacon mac & cheese, and corn croquettes are yummy too.
Another researched dessert spot in Las Vegas I indulged in was Max Brenner at Caesars Palace. Written on the outside of the restaurant was "A Chocolate Love Story". The man is a genius. The menu items are mixed with tradition and funky combination to savor and enjoy. I ordered the tasting for two despite I was only one person. How else was I to sample a little bit of everything? I really had no shame. Included in what looked like the last meal of my life was fluffy chocolate sponge cake, which looked like a brownie but lived up to its name perfectly. I had the one crispy chocolate egg roll with spicy peanuts inside. It may sound unusual but it was very, very tasty, with a little kick. It also came with a whole fondue setup where I picked dark chocolate to dip my roasted marshmallows and strawberries. There were also some white and milk chocolate barks which I took to go(a strategic move on my part). But the most unique thing in the tasting was the Banana split waffle. It was this tower of waffle and caramelized bananas with toasted rice crispy chunks and bourbon ice cream. It comes with a itty bitty glass jar of warm chocolate to drip over it and tiny chocolate crunch balls. I mean, seriously delicious. My mouth is watering again. This place is a must for me. Thank YOU Max Brenner.. . For more on my dessert blog, http://weaknessforsweetness.tumblr.com/
I fell in love with this place when i was in new york. I was really sad that i didn't buy any of their mugs at the time.  When i coincidentally found out that they opened one in vegas while i was there, i knew i had to go! I was in vegas for a bachelorette and turns out that they had just opened. I love the dark chocolate granita. I love choclate so there wasn't much that i didn't like about this place.  I bought home the alice cup and the hug mug. I may want to by more the next time i visit. Chocolate is my best friend.
Didn't know what to expect coming here but was impressed. My impression from the outside was that everything would be absolutely and sickeningly made out of chocolate-but I had to see for myself. . . Ironically, I had nothing that contained chocolate-although there might have been some in the espresso, not too sure though. I started with an orange smoothie which was nice and cinnamony but I am not a fan of the metal straw, steel apparently is not too tasty. I had the huevos rancheros burrito which was awesomelicious. It came with nice crispy tater tots and the burrito was spiced well.. . Max has nailed all aspects of a good restaurant, food, reasonable prices, and great service as well as an attractive setting. The tables are tiny though - barely fit the platter of delicious-ness.
Max Brenner has got to be one of my favorite restaurants on earth, if not THE favorite! I would have to say that every single person on earth NEEDS to go to this restaurant at least once in their lives!. . WHAT:  Before I get too excited and start rambling, Max Brenner is such a beautiful restaurant.  It is great for couple outings, outings with friends, & just a great spot to hit up when you're out!  The first thing you may notice walking into the restaurant, is the delightful scent of chocolate in the air! Yes, they specialize in dessert no doubt!!. . WHEN: Monday through Thursday, open til 11pm. Friday through Saturday, open til midnight. So, you know what that means!! You have plenty oftime to stop by! =D. . WHERE:  Located inside the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops, right across  H&M.. . WHY: The actual question is, WHY NOT?! I have tried the Max Brenner in New York, and the Las Vegas location actually has a couple more on their menu!. . There are a variety of of foods to choose from, depending on how hungry you really are, and if I could copy and paste the menu, I sooo would! Here are some things that I did get to try though.. . SLIDER BAR:For those who are in need of a quick hunger fix, there are about 8-10 sliders you can choose from! I have personally tried each and every single one of them & they are all to die for- BUT if I had to choose my favorites they would definitely be the Crispy Chicken Slider- Cobb (The Brenner cobb salad on top of crispy chicken), The Mini Philly (shaved meat with caramelized onions, melts deliciously in your mouth!), & also the Sloppy Max (pulled pork with super bomb coleslaw!). . FOR YOUR HANDS: The burgers were actually pretty great! I tried the Turkey Burger & it is definitely one of the best burgers I've ever had the pleasure of tasting!. . DESSERTS: I love everything about every single one of their desserts!!. Let's start it off with the hot chocolate! Most are served in the famous "hug mug," which definitely tests the five senses and enhances your drinking experience! It is a mug that perfectly forms into the palms of your hands! I want one! haha. Continuing, there are plenty of tasty chocolate mixtures to choose from- you also get the freedom to choose what type of chocolate you'd like; milk, dark or white chocolate. I have tried every single one of them and I'd have to say my all-time favorite is the chocolate chai! It is the perfect aromatic concoction that will have you asking for a refill! . . If you are not so into the hot beverages, there are a variety of milkshakes you can choose from! And again, I have tried almost all of them, but I am going to have to say the regular chocolate shake & the hazelnut shake are my favorites. Each and every one of them have a distinct taste based on what your liking is! =D. . Okay, I know this is getting too long so I will try to sum the rest of the desserts up! . . The best part of this whole journey is getting to the end!! Yupp, dessert time!! =D If you are having a hard time choosing which dessert to try, I would definitely try the chocolate chunks pizza! You can get the works which includes all 4 toppings (peanut butter, marshmallow, hazelnut bits, and banana), but I actually prefer just banana and hazelnut!! Everything about the pizza is all just so wonderful!! If you would like to try other things, the waffles are definitely off-the-hook, the chocolate fondue is an experience, and the cookies are heaven!!. . SIDE NOTE: (Sorry, this'll be the last thing I say hopefully). You have to, I repeat, HAVE TO try the waffle fries and the bomb dot com chipotle mayo it comes with, and if you really wanna try something new and different, ask for a side of dark chocolate ranch to dip those bad boys in! =D Just trust! =). . JUST DO IT!!
Killing time in the Forum Shops, I stopped in to Max Brenner to see what gifts I could pick up.  I was given a sample of this chocolate covered pistachio/almond/nut and it was DEE-LICIOUS. The chocolates are expensive but sooo good!   I liked the ambiance much more than the Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Bellagio (though their chocolates are amazing too!) . . I returned the next day for a light snack, sharing a juicy barbecue chicken slider (2 comes in an order) and the to-die-for waffle fries with chili cocoa powder.   I wished I had more time (and more room in my tummy instead of filling it up with peach bellinis at Fat Tuesday) to try more of their desserts!  They even sell a chocolate syringe to satisfy your cravings with shots of chocolate. I will definitely return and take time to enjoy their desserts first.
My Favorite Vegas Sweet Stop! I got chocolate wasted and wouldn't have minded spending a whole day in this chocolate dream. . . Their chocolate drinks are heavenly. Friend had an italian in a cute hug mug http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=efFt78-ToFIXyJm5ZIjr4g. Dude had an 80s milkshake which was soooo delicious! Love the alice in wonderland "Drink Me" cup http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=WslMBkiMScJAM6fOITjHQg. . I ADDED BACON to my Guilt Free Omelette (CG style) and this was one of my favorite breakfast dishes i've had in a long time (thanks Janice C!). The omelette had some veggies and cheese, came with a side of potatoes. It came with an awesome sweet biscuit served with a side of butter and a side of milk chocolate!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=WjX7TqdKnJfQ8_rL21lnNw. The potatoes dipped in the chocolate worked delicious as well. . Friend had the Brenner Kobe Burger- but didn't swoon over it. But the fries were good. Dipped them in chocolate- even better! . Shared a apple cinnamon waffle and it came out soo pretty. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=ZM1r3Jgh1rIOAd8CLg_w8g. Loved loved the tiny vial of chocolate sauce and the tiny chocolate pearls to dress up our waffles. The Vanilla icecream made it all perfect. . While waiting for your food, u can check out the boutique inside filled with chocolate galore. The bill even came in the cutest chocolate bar like tin. . I couldn't leave without getting me the chocolate walnut cookie that Dru C wrote about, at the stand where they also display the chocolate pizza http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=4XrN-0eKjrZ_O1MZPwUwDA, cupcakes and chocolate syringes! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=Y_OtGVh8HWQQzXQcHFcZRg. If u like the texture of Mrs Fields cookies, you will love this one which is 10 times better.I can say this is the best cookie i've ever had! It's $5.00, but it's big and super packed with chocolate and every bite is buttery bliss. Just make sure to eat it right away or if you're gonna savor it bite by bite like me and keep putting it away only to open the bag again to take another bite- get an extra bag cuz the grease will seep through- in the good way of course. . . I cannot wait to go back to get myself a couple more cookies and stay for breakfast, lunch and dinner!. . *at the Forum Shoppes at Caesar across from the huge ass H and M store. Mens while ur waiting for your girl at the 3 floor H and M, you can get yourself a chocolate syringe and die happy.
This Place is great. I love to sit at the bar sip a hot drink order an app and chat with the awesome bar staff. They really know their chocolate and the store is very well decorated. . . Try the Bacon Warped Cheddar filled balls with a macchiato in a kangaroo cup! It's Sweet, It's Savory, It's Great.
I was there this past weekend! It matters not if you are a once a day, month or year chocolate lover....you need to experience this place. It is fabulous! Staff is terrific. Just adored our waiter. A chocolate experience beyond description.. So good.
First of all the place smells fantastic. It made waiting for our desserts all the more difficult! Since we couldn't just get one thing (that would be wrong on so many levels) my party of three each ordered something and we sampled all. The Max Brenner pizza with "the works" was a marshmellowy delight-although the crust was way too thick-we ended up just scraping the topping off and eating that. The peanut butter and chocolate sundae was heavenly (our favorite) and the third was the chocolate cake with chocolate ganache inside served with ice cream and a chocolate "shot". We had lots of left-overs which made for tasty late night snacks. . . The fondue was another popular favorite ordered by many of the tables around us. I'd be curious to try the regular menu also, but I don't think I could go there and NOT get dessert. Truly indulgent.. . The staff was friendly but tried to clear our plates too quickly! You know you can lose a couple fingers that way if you're not careful. It would have been nice not to have felt rushed.
If heaven is made of chocolate, this is what it would be like.. . We're stuffed, walking around taking in all the craziness of Vegas, when I mention  I saw a chocolate place on a walk the day before in the shopping mall at Caesars, so we walk there, and as we get there I amstill too full and now too tired to eat anything, but my husband lures me in, and says he'll eat most, I can just taste. . He orders the chocolate/banana smoothie AND the chocolate pizza with THE WORKS. And it was sweeeeeet, so amazing, don't cheat your self of this treat, brilliant flavors and deliciousness. No need to say I hate about half of what was ordered, full or not my appetite was revoked.
hrmmm... bald guy with squiggles in front of a cute restaurant with a chocolate bar? I'm down. . and man .. thank goodness we went in because .. yea.. heaven. We ordered the fried bananas with caramel & milk chocolate with ice coffee on the side. Good choice. The bananas were crispy on the outside and super soft in the inside. Everything just melted in my mouth. If you eat at the restaurant, you get 10% off at the cute store there. and yes, you will need the 10% off because you will want to buy everything as gifts for your loved ones. I purchased a piece of dark chocolate 70% cacao for myself. AMAZING.
their pork sliders were SO delicious! just melts in your mouth! loved it! the service was great too! can't wait to come here again when i visit next time! =D
** Review for chocolate-y goodness only! . . I was walking in The Forum Shops wen I saw that there was Max Brenner. My initial reaction was excitement as all the rich chocolatel-y memories of my first experience at Max Brenner in NY came flooding back. The decor is basically the same but the NY store is obviously bigger/more elaborate.. The dessert menu is the same as the one in NY as well. . . I decided to try something different. I got the Mocha Frappe - and although the menu states "Milk Chocolate" our server asked me if I wanted Dark, Milk or white. Of course I chose dark chocolate :)  I didn't get to enjoy the hug mug this time but the Alice "drink me" cups were pretty cool!  The drink itself wasn't sweet at all and was actually quite bitter - but in a "i'm-strong-espresso" way. Delightfully refreshing. . . My friend ordered The fantastic Popsicle Chocolate Fondue. I didn't know what to expect when it came but it was adorable! In three little bowls there was the melted chocolate, crunchy wafer balls & candied hazelnut crunchy bits. So basically it was like dip it yourself. The vanilla ice cream bar itself is a magnum ice cream bar - creamy and delicious. I could eat the crunch wafer balls & candied hazelnut crunchy bits by themselves. . . AND best part was that while we were waiting for our dessert, my friend went to purchase something from the store as a gift. When she came back and our server saw that she had a bag - she asked if we received the 10% discount. We were unaware of the discount and she promptly applied the discount and gave us our money back. Yay! :) . . Max Brenner is indeed pricey but it's a little price to pay for an extremely satisfied sweet tooth.
Absolutely amazing.  And this from a non-chocolate lover.  The prices were very good for an upscale bistro located in the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.  The Sunday Pasta and the Risotto were wonderful.  So were the cocktails, both chocolate and non.  But, the best had to be the dessert.  Chocolate eggrolls, with peanuts, bananas, and two different chocolate dipping sauces.
Chocolate heaven ! I want to go back to Vegas just to eat here!
Oh DAYUM!  I've died and gone to chocolate heaven!  If you do NOT enjoy chocolate nor the fancy presentation that will come with it, you probably won't feel like you've died and gone to chocolate heaven :).. . Yes, the prices seem up there because you think, it's just chocolate.  Let me tell you, it's not JUST chocolate here!  . . Honey and I came here thinking they only served desserts.  They actually offer real food!  We were so bummed because we were searching for a place to eat brunch and couldn't find anything appealing.  Next time we are definitely going to check out their non chocolate offerings because not only did everything on the menu sound delish (fancier offerings than your basic breakfast), we witnessed people eating and we were looking at their food with longing.. . We had already eaten and honey is not a real fan of just eating sweets so it was all on me.  The pressure!. . I first ordered a drink to try.  Ha!  These aren't just drinks...they're an adventure!  My $7.50 Mocha Frappe (milk chocolate truffle and espresso shot) was offered in their Alice "Drink Me" cup with the metal straw.  The metal straw kept my very thick mocha cold to the last yummy drop.  It wasn't overly sweet so I was able to finish it.  He thought I was going to get sick finishing that and eating a dessert.  I did prove him wrong thank you very much!  Okay, I did feel a bit nauseous later but I would do it all again in a heartbeat.. . I ordered the Chocolate Surprise Tiramisu.  The lady fingers were espresso soaked and sitting in extremely thick cognac mascarpone cream.  So thick was the cream that your lady fingers would break in half when you pulled them out.  You had to use a spoon to eat the lady fingers with the cream.  The chocolate truffle surprise was a warm gooey thick chocolate drink in the cutest mini glass pitcher.  I felt like a giant Alice drinking it.  Thinly sliced ripe strawberries were given as a taster in a teeny . . Chocolate overkill?  Yes, yes it was.  . . Their mini gift shop is in the same restaurant space.  I wanted to buy it all!  The hug mug and alice cup are the 2 items I'm going to indulge in buying next time.  I regret not buying them when I was there MDW.. . Oh Max, how I miss thee!
I have officially found a new favorite in Vegas. I was successful in getting my girlfriends to agree to not go to the same Mexican place we always go to for lunch in Vegas (it's good, but I wanted something new), we were going to try Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill in the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace.. . Luckily for us, Mesa Grill was closed between lunch/dinner hours. . I say luckily for us because instead we headed over to Max Brenner's at the request of one of my friends who had heard the menu was all inspired by chocolate. I was thinking things like Mexican moles, or cocoa rubbed steak. I had no idea what was coming!. . We headed in starving, after a long afternoon at the beautiful Mirage pool, and were ready to go to town on some grub. As soon as we opened the menu, it was like angels were singing from the high heavens. So much to choose from! . . We started with two appetizers - the spinach artichoke fondue dip and the AMAZING chicken, bacon and cheddar rolls. The spinach artichoke fondue was pretty much like any other I'd had before, which didn't make it any less amazing. Very tasty and piping hot. But the real star was the chicken, bacon and cheddar rolls with a maple glaze. . . They came out, and really weren't what I expected when I ordered them - they were better. Everything good in the world, chicken, cheese, bacon, maple, spice rolled up and stuck with a toothpick, with some yummy sauce at the bottom of the plate for dipping. JESUS these were good. Perfect amount of spicy, melty deliciousness! My mouth is watering just thinking about them. . . My friend Kristen and I also ordered a side of the waffle fries dusted with cocoa powder and some spice. They came with a delicious spicy mayo type of dipping sauce. These were the perfect consistency and they flew out of the cone they came in and into our mouths!. . We had already done more than our fair share of eating by the time our entrees came out, but that didn't make them any less exciting! I had the pan toasted penne alfredo. GOOD GOD was it delicious! The alfredo sauce wasn't too think or creamy, just flavorful, which was amazing. The pasta was the perfect consistency with a little bit of bite back - al dente. It also came with two DELICIOUS breadsticks with melted garlic and butter and a very spicy but delicious powder on them... chipotle? Chili powder? Dunno. . . The other star of the table was the extra cheesy crunchy macaroni and cheese. This thing was gigantic and SO GOOD. Toasted cheese on top for crunch, creamy cheesy macaroni, plus fresh diced tomatos and BACON. Plus a side of marinara! We were all reaching across the table to steal bites of this from our friend.. . Two other friends had paninis. I didn't try them, so no review, but they looked great!. . When our waitress asked if we wanted dessert, two of us were shaking our heads "oh god no" and two were shaking "oh hell yes." So they ended up getting the S'mores Concoction... chocolate mousse, marshmallow fluff, graham cracker bits and melted chocolate. Plus sauteed bananas and an actual s'more, with a side of caramel for drizzling. HOLY GOD. Even though we had said NO WAY to dessert, we couldn't help indulging in at least a couple of bites and they were heavenly. . . I'm coming back to you Max Brenner! I LOVE YOU! LOVE ME BACK! PLEASE I NEED YOU!!!!
So a good friend takes me here for my first time anddd omgahhh! Soo good! I've only been here once and I love it already...i got the brenner burger and added mushrooms :) sooo good! And dont even get me started with their fries! lol they're fries are criss cut looking with seasoning! I loveee seasoned fries! :) kinda in small serving so I do recomend getting an extra order if you're a fries fan!(ask for chocolate ranch too! I know right?lol) I do believe they are most famous for their deserts. My friend got the hazelnut shake and its sooo delish! I got the chocolate shake and it has little bits of chocolate. Ahhhh! Party in my mouth! Lol sooo good! its located inside the forum shops at ceasers palace. And I will mosdef come again with a empty stomach :)
if you love chocolate, don't forget to stop by max brenner at caesar's palace in the forum shops! the restaurant was soo cute!!! chocolate filled the air once you walk in.. . for my lunch i ordered the grilled chicken panini which was soo flavorful. the chicken was cooked perfectly and the cheese really gave the panini a different taste. more of a kick! the waffle fries were cooked perfectly and sprinkled with spices and coco powder. YUM!!! . . ok... the best part... DESSERT!!!!. . there were several people at the table so I got to sample a few different desserts. i personally ordered the banana split waffle which was pretty much like a orgasm in your mouth! NO JOKE! the waffle was cooked perfectly and was a little on the thicker side, like a cake. it was topped with sugared bananas, vanilla ice cream, choco rice krispies, caramel and hot chocolate sauce... OMG! YES! i also had a bite of the heart shaped souffle... it was rich and oozing with chocolate goodness inside... plus the presentation of all the desserts were phenomenal.. . for sure when im in vegas, ill make sure to stop by.
Went in expecting good desserts and ate some of the best food we had in Vegas. Grilled chicken panini and turkey burger were wonderful.  I could not wait to go to this restaurant for chocolate and by the time I finished our meal I was in the mood for cheese cake instead.  It was very good.  My husband's peanut butter sundae was delicious.
OMG!!!  The hot chocolate was heaven.  We were in Las Vegas for 5 days and we visited this place and we visited this place 3 out of 5.  I'm not a big chocolate fun but the hot chocolate was so good, I had to have it on every visit even when it was 105 outside.  The kids are addicted to the chocolate shots on the syringe.  The pizza was great too but a little too sweet on my taste.  If your a chocoholic, this is the place for you.
Hands down my favorite place to eat. I love chocolate, so the surroundings alone have me in a happy mood. The food is delicious, everything I've had so far has been extremely tasty, and probably very unhealthy, but I don't care. It's the type of food that makes you think, "Ah, well, you only live once, right?"  If it's bad, I don't want to be good.. . I want to try every single thing on their menu. It's hard to do, because I keep revisiting favorites. . . By the way, you *have* to get the chocolate fondue. Either the tasting for two, or the s'mores one. It's amazingly fun to roast your own marshmallows at the table- I can't believe they trust me with that. I like my marshmallows burnt, soI know I'm probably making them nervous every time I order it. "Oh great, it's the marshmallow pyro again...". . I heart you, Max Brenner.
Oh man, oh man..OHHHH MANNN. (too much?..OOOHHHH well.). . So here I am, reminiscing my trip to L.V..then all of a sudden my taste buds are savoring the chocolaty tastiness of Max Brenner. Which is the reason of me writing a review on it. I went with 3 other people, let's just say we're all very critical and precise when it comes to food.. . The wait, was..okay the wait was friggin' forever. Prolly 40 minutes or so. HEY I'M NOT A PANSY, I WAS REALLY IMPATIENT AT THE MOMENT OKAY??! Anyways.. they finally called us over..me and my stupid self galloped over to the table gazing at the beautiful bald chocolate man's animated face..I..I mean the menu. . . Uhh just to confirm when you go there..make sure to order something involving CHOCOLATE. Oh god, most of the people that were surrounding us ordered sandwiches..I mean REALLY?! Sup with that?! We ordered the Classic European Chocolate Fondue, which is enough for two, but we've never tried it, nor know the portion size, so we decided to just order one. I'm not going to create a huge hype for the fondue, since they only served huge sticky mouth watering marshmellows, fresh strawberries and bananas..with thick, sweet, sugary, plentiful white chocolate, milk/dark chocolate..sounds aight? Well it SURE AS HELL WAS! The whole setting was enjoying for us, definitely comin' back for some fondue swag. For the drinks, we ordered a couple o' Mexican Spicy Hot chocolates, and Melting Marshmellow Hot Chocolates. Overall, they were okay. Sweet, and chocolaty, basically. . . When it comes to the way the place looks, it is pretty relaxing. Nice lighting, ambiance, waiters, smell..oh the smell. Honestly, you will have a nice time, even if the food wouldn't be as good as you thought. Even the bathrooms are stunning. Wow, I'm such a loser. Anyways, if your liddo curious mind is wondering if you should go hurrr, GET TO IT!
Orgasmic!!! . . It's the best dessert experience I've ever had. Ordered the banana waffle dessert and the mint lemonade slush. Both were amazing. . I plan on stopping in every time I make a trip to Vegas.
We split a HUGE chocolate cookie - it was a dark cookie with dark chocolate ice cream in the middle- OMG so rich, but so delish.  It also came with sides of toffee bits and chocolate sauce so you could add more gooey goodness to your dessert.   This place looks, smells and IS everything chocolate.. . * IN LOVE *
I came here a few weekends ago with a group of 9 girls for a decadent bachelorette party brunch! This was my second time at Max Brenner and I still can't get over how awesome this place is! You can smell the decadence as soon as you walk into the restaurant!!. . The restaurant is smack in the middle of The Forum Shops in Cesar's Palace. It's located across from the ginormous H&M. It's a bit of a trek to get to the restaurants, but trust me it's totally worth it!@. . We got a table upstairs right by the balcony as our group was fairly large. Our server was very attentive and sweet. For drinks, I got the dark chocolate mocha....sooooo amazingly good! I've also had their regular dark hot chocolate before and it definitely doesn't disappoint. Whatever you order, definitely try something from the chocolate drinks menu! My favorite thing besides the delicious chocolatey drinks are the cute and clever cups that the drinks come in. I love their hug mugs as it is made for optimal drinkability and warmth! I even purchased one of the hug mugs so I can repeat the wonderful experience at home!. . For food, I ordered the Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate pancakes. OMG!!! If you love chocolate and pancakes, this is the dish for you! The pancakes come with dark chocolate shavings, caramelized bananas, spiced pecans, and more melted white chocolate for drizzling! I was definitely in chocolate heaven after my first bite! I also tried my friend's After Party Belgian Waffle. The strawberry honey and melted white chocolate that are on the waffle are to die for! I also highly recommend the Cinnamon Apple & White Chocolate Truffle Cream French Toast. . . If you are not a chocolate or sweets person, don't worry, they got plenty of savory dishes to choose from as well. This place is a definite must try if you are in Vegas! Go! Don't miss out!
This is the first place I've eaten at in Las Vegas that I want to go back to the very next day.  First I got a free chocolate sample in the store, a chocolate covered praline, and I knew I had to eat here (I liked it better than Vosges which is at the other end of the Forum shops).  Then I got a great whiff of the giant decorative jars of spices and chocolates on the wall...it was like breathing wonderland.  Then my mind boggled at the drinks and dessert menu.  I ordered a burger thinking that if it was ok I'd probably eat half and still be able to have a drink and dessert.By the time my burger showed up I had settled on a dark hot chocolate to drink.. . The number of ways this meal went right is astounding.  Crisp, freshly-fried, well-spiced fries and a tasty spicy sauce.  The burger was really amazing.  It had several flavors perfectly balanced: buttery toasted bread, beer battered onion rings (amazing), flavorful burger pattie with grill marks, real chedder, fresh tomato slice and lettuce...and it went very well with the dill pickles on the side.  This burger was the best I've had in a long time, through the amazing composition and attention to details.  I just had to eat (almost) the whole thing and so I didn't have the appetite for a dessert.  The waitress was mostly attentive.  They even give a discount at the shop after your meal.  Everything I saw the servers bring out to the tables looked amazing.. . It wasn't quite perfect (not comfortable chairs, music a bit too loud, burger was well-done even though they asked me if I was ok with medium, and the hot chocolate was about the consistency of milk (too thin for me)), but for prices on par with the Cheesecake Factory nearby I wish I could bring everyone I know to try it out.
Wonderful atmosphere, great service.  I've been here a few times, and they have never failed to impress.  DO get dessert, no matter how full you are!!  Food here is scrumptious.  Love the chocolate fondues!  For eats, the pizza is excellent (thin crust).  It even smells like chocolate!  Very fun girls' night out place..
Wonderful and unique. I loved the chili pepper and coco onion rings!!
chocolate heaven . . must come back for the churros . . The sampler dish serves more then two, it was a chocolate delight :) and after effect of food coma with a rush of a sugar high
Stop by for a Baileys Oreo milkshake and a cookie, absolutely incredible!
Chocolate OVer load!!!!. . This place has chocolate pizzas (a bit pricey at $7) and  Syringes (no needles, also a bit pricey at $7) filled with chocolate! Max Brenner has by far some of the best quality chocolate that I have ever tasted. None of the sometimes tasteless candy bar chocolate you would find in the supermarket, Max Brenner chocolate is very creamy and smooth.. . Things to try:. . $7 Chocolate Pizza- A "pizza" with chocolate as sauce and white chocolate sprinkled all over. . $7 Chocolate Syringe- A plastic "syringe", more like a mini squirt gun you can squirt chocolate into your mouth.
The satisfaction guaranteed is an amazing chocolatey cocktail with a beautiful presentation and delicious taste.  The service is really nice. I liked the white corn croquettes and the waffle fries were amazing. When one of our salmon dishes was everso slightly undercooked (not by my standards but by my friend's standard) they gave us a new dish and didn't charge us for the dish! I was so full I didn't have enough room for dessert. I gotta come back again!
I just returned from another trip to Las Vegas, and another DELICIOUS lunch at Max Brenner. It was such a relief that I talked this place up SO highly to my friends who had never been, and they totally delivered.. . We ordered a crap load of food and shared:. . White Corn Croquettes: Sweet, crunchy and AMAZING. My only complaint is that there weren't enough. . . Black and Tan beer-battered Onion rings with a cocoa ranch: Sounds wierd, but that cocoa ranch was freaking amazing!!. . Cocoa dusted Waffle fries: Still a favorite. Dipping sauce is perfectly spicy. . . Pillow panini: Tons of beef, crispy bread and gigantic!. . Macaroni and cheese: THE BEST DISH EVER. THE BEST MACARONI AND CHEESE EVER. Every girl at the table went ape-*&^% for this mac and cheese. Creamy, cheesy, crunchy, hot marinera adds SO MUCH. Bread crumbs perfectly toasted. Good god its amazing. . . We all ended the meal with hot chocolates. My toffee hot chocolate was good, but by far the best was the Mexican hot chocolate. Perfect amount of spice and sweetness. A++++++. . THANK YOU MAX BRENNER!
If you love chocolate, this place is a MUST!! While visiting our family in Las Vegas recently, my sister took us out to lunch at this place! The food, service, and location were all excellent. It was so great, we went here twice during our stay. The second time I became adventurous and had a half order of their chocolate pizza w/ the works. Suffice it to say that I was in chocolate heaven. I could've downed a whole pizza by myself I think!! . . Oh, my lunch was great too! Just be sure to save room for dessert!! So if you happen to find yourself wandering around the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace, go to Max Brenner's for a chocolate break. You won't be disappointed.
After seeing Max Brenner's chocolate pizza on Best Thing I Ever Ate, I had to come here. I was not disappointed. . . My friend and I ordered the full pizza w/ works and a chocolate peanut butter milkshake. He also ordered chicken strips, which he was a fan of. . . When we ordered, my waitress recommended we get the pizza without the works, since she said the banana and peanut butter feel unnecessary when you eat it. I love banana and peanut butter so I didn't take her advice. After having had the pizza, I think she was right. I would have much rather just had the chocolate and the marshmallows - they were more than enough. Nevertheless, the pizza was orgasmic, and I cannot wait until I have it again. Next time, I also want to try a chocolate chip cookie.. . The shake was cool and refreshing - I wouldn't say it was the best shake I've ever had, but it was solid.. . Our waitress was amazing - I think her name was Roxanne!
Best SLIDERS EVER. Everyone in the restaurant was really attentive and paid attention. Our server, I think her name was Roxanne, was really nice, and after asking her for a million things, she was still super cool. The chocolate is amazing, and also try the Fries!! Some come with the sliders, but we asked for a side because they were so good, they kind of look like toasted waffles... . All in all great food, people are attentive and price was reasonable for the food.
Where do I begin? There was a wide selection of drinks and desserts. I came here mainly to try their desserts. I had the banana split waffle and the dark hot chocolate in a hug mug. The concept of the hug mug was interesting. I felt weird cupping my hands together to hold a cup. I felt like a kid. The banana split waffle was pretty quite. The waffle was not as great as I thought it would be. BUT, the bananas and whatever toppings they put on top was so good. In fact, the chocolate crisps on the side was so good that I bought a bag of those home. I didn't know they sell the topping like that. Service was okay, a tad bit slow, but friendly staff. I will definiely come back to fulfill my chocolate crisps craving.
Deep inside Ceasar's Palace there is an awesome chocolately place dubbed Max Brenner. Whoever he is... he did good! We were aimlessly walking and the chocolate pizza and cookie milkshake (I think?) sucked us in. The milkshake had white chocolate in it... smooth, creamy and tasted just like a cookie. The guy making it was pretty awesome too! He showed us all the stuff that went into the shake and had a great sense of humor. We got to talking about how the employees had to try the first slice of every pizza to ensure it's oh-so-goodness... I, of course, said I would be happy to try! I was joking, but he pulled out a slice, cut it up and we were swarmed by people wanting to taste the chocolate pizza. It exceeded my expectations... that thing was awesome! Pizza dough and some good old chocolate slathered on top. YUM! . . This is a placeI will HAVE to come back to when I go to Vegas. I'd love to dine in their restaurant as well! :) Gosh, thinking about it makes my tummy grumble!
This place is insane. I once ate here weekly for a month. I couldn't help it. Everything I've ever had here has been amazing. The ice cream bars, the banana tempura fondue, the banana split latte, the BALT. Everything. It's all amazing. While the service is sometimes a bit off, it never matters. As long as the chocolate is there I don't care. The restaurant even LOOKS like chocolate. There are pipes all around leading to the bar which has large tubs of milk, white, and dark chocolate. I've wondered if anyone has ever stupidly tried to break those pipes open. . . P.S. If you're going to come to Max Brenner, you MUST get something with chocolate in it. It makes me sad when I see people come in and order just a salad and a water. It makes me want to force feed them chocolate. Come here to indulge!
My friends & I completely agreed when it came to rating this place 5 stars. Every single item we had was absolutely delicious!!!. . We ordered:. Mediterranean trio pita with hummus. Greek style cucumber salad. Southwest Caesar salad. Spicy tuna salad sandwich. Chocolate chunks pizza with marshmallows and hazelnut. Chocolate chunks pizza with peanut butter and hazelnut. . Everything was superb and I would go back to this place in a heartbeat!!!! A definite must if you're in Vegas!
Dear. Baby. Jesus. This is the best restaurant I have ever been to. The white chocolate apple french toast (forget the exact name of it) nearly made me weep. I wanted to sit there for the rest of my life and try every item on the menu.  The tortilla of my boyfriend's breakfast wrap was made out of tomatoes.  TOMATOES.  HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN?? If there was a natural disaster/biochemical warfare/zombie apocalypse and I had to pick one place to barricade myself and my loved ones, it would be Max Brenner.  Or maybe Costco.  I haven't decided.. . In the near future I plan on writing Congress and petitioning them to pass a mandate that demands Max Brenners to be built in every major city of the United States.. . I think they put drugs in their mocha cappuccinos.
We've only been here 2 times and already the bartender remembered us.  My girlfriend and I stopped by for some late night Happy Hour prior to catching a show at the Cosmo.  The trip to Max Brenner sucked since we were walking there from the Cosmo in uncomfortable shoes... I knew I should've worn some Adidas!  When we got there, the place was packed!  Not a surprise, since it was happy hour.  We had to sit at the very end of the bar, which wasn't very comfortable.  The server was really attentive though.  The moment the group of girls on our left side exited, she cleaned off the bar top for us and had us scoot down so we could be more comfy.  . . Pros:.  * Super cheap happy hour.  $5.00 drinks and if its not on the menu, they can make it for you (as long as they have the alcohol.. .which they probably do).. .  * Waffle Fries !!!!.  * Attentive service and very nice ambiance.  * Flat screens at the bar and is usually on Sports Channels for all you sport fans..  * They have a little Chocolate shop next to the bar. . . Cons:.  * located inside Caesar's, which can actually be a plus (shopping and food in one stop), but when you are coming strictly for Brenner's, you have to find a parking spot and walk through the casino, etc. to get there.  Good thing we just walked this time..  * Food portions are pretty small, but surprisingly filling... It's gotta be the alcohol!. . * We didn't try it this time, but we did our first visit: Banana Tempura Fondue.  It sounds good right?  I was thinking something along the lines of a deep fried ice cream (like you can get at some Japanese Restaurants), but that was not the case.  The Banana itself was all mushy.  My gf and I are pretty daring with food and the textures of food doesn't bother us much, but this one was just a no-go!  It tasted like mush doused with sugar.  I liked the idea and am a fan of Bananas, Tempura, and Fondue.  This particular menu though is an epic fail..   The sliders are amazing.  You get 2 sliders per order and comes with some waffle fries, which are basically crisscut fries.  You can get a pretty good buzz going and satisfy your late night cravings for a pretty decent price at Max Brenner's.  It's hard to find a decent happy hour on the strip.  This is definitely one of my favorite Las Vegas Strip Happy Hours!. . Tips:.  * Ask for a side of Chocolate Ranch for your fries and sliders!  Bomb!.  * Don't be shy to ask the Bartender about the different drinks they offer.  Also ask them for recommendations.  They are super friendly and helpful when it comes to that..  * Say no to Drugs and Banana Tempura Fondue-due.  * Be adventurous when it comes to your alcohol here.. they have lots to offer.  i'd share some of my favorites with you, but honestly I can't remember the names LOL.  * come with a pen in hand.  Why you ask.. Because the napkins are graced with doodle of Max Brenner's head.  During out wait my girlfriend had a genius idea to draw on him.  The drawing we came up with were hilarious!!  She's so fun !!!!
Talk about chocolate heaven! We went here looking for a chocolate fix and we certainly got it. I tried the banana split waffle ( I don't remember the exact name for it) and the chocolate egg rolls. The banana split waffle has a chocolate syrup you can drizzle on top of the grilled/caramelized banana and waffle. the waffle could have had a better crispy crunchy texture but it wasn't bad. The ice cream on top and rice krispies pieces were a great touch. . The chocolate egg roll was fantastic. You get 3 eggrolls and have 2 dipping sauces, chocolate and caramel. The caramel was way too sweet so i stayed with the milk chocolate. Once you bite into the eggroll, be warned that you will make a mess. there's chocolate that will ooze ooze out. there's banana and peanuts inside. the peanuts remind me of thai peanut sauce so you have the savory with the sweet. But overall fantastic!. I wanted to try the chocolate pizza and OMG cookie but didn't get to. I'm sure they will be excellent
I had probably the most SWEETEST lunch ever at Max Brenner, LITERALLY!  Pizza and a Shake.  Or rather, to be specific, a Chocolate Pizza with Crushed Hazelnuts, Roasted Marshmallows, Peanut Butter, and Bananas along with a Hazelnut Milkshake.  Did that get your attention??. . I first caught note of Max Brenner's Chocolate Pizza on yelp when I saw some really delicious, though crazy looking pics.  Then I saw it on Food Network when Aaron Sanchez introduced it as the "Best Pizza He Ever Ate."  After watching that episode, I knew I had to give it a try.. . Take a look at this nice sugary masterpiece (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=p4-bezAdD6Ch_AIyAmMpww).  At first I didn't know how to attack it whether to eat it like a regular pizza or just knife and fork it.  I ended up eating it with my hands because it was more fun that eating that way.  First bite was OMGYUM!!!   Chocolate bliss with all those sweet toppings!  What amazed me was how it almost that that same texture as eating a regular pizza.  The Roasted Marshmallows were like melted cheese and the Bananas had that mushroomy texture.   I thought it was ingeniously creative in a crazy way.. . By recommendation of my waitress, I paired it with a Hazelnut Milkshake.  I like how it came in a nice retro looking porcelain container along with a metal straw to drink it with (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=qBL58hANAreklvSNu-vmEw).  It definitely went well with the Pizza since the Hazelnut flavor carried over from the Pizza to the Shake.. . Max Brenner was definitely one of the more interesting dining experiences that I had during my last trip on the Strip in that I only came in to try their unusual dessert.  Though in some ways, the Chocolate Pizza can actually be considered a hefty lunch.  It definitely had the substance.  If you have to satisfy that sweet tooth on the Strip  and you're around the Caesars Palace area, I really recommend skipping over Serendipity 3 and scoot on over to Max Brenner for their Chocolate Pizza or their other crazy confections.  You won't be sorry!
Hey this is the best place. The bald man has out did himself I ordered the burger can you say delicious!!! If you are in Vegas you have to stop by and get lunch dinner or a cookie or even a slice of chocolate pizza.
Five stars all the way... and we didn't even have dessert. Yeah, it was like that.. . After seeing Elton John's inaugural show for the new Million Dollar Piano show, my girlfriend and I wandered through the Forum Shoppes for some tasty food and drinks. We ended up here for a few reasons, the primary two being (a) I have a thing for bald men, and (2) chocolate is never a bad thing... What better way to indulge in both after a diva-liscious evening than kill two birds with one stone over at Max Brenner?. . Wait, there's a 9pm and later happy hour?. . *swoon*. . Bald men, chocolate, happy hour... TRIFECTA!. . Sit at the bar and you have a full menu of drinks, tapas/appetizers and desserts that are only $5.00 each from 9pm to close.. . Drinks:. . * Satisfaction Guaranteed - The name is no lie. Chocolate milk with peanut and caramel liquers... #drinkgasm in a stemless martini glass, served with a side of candied peanuts. It was almost a forget-the-food moment when we tucked into this one. This could easily be dinner and dessert rolled into one. Sweet but not cloying, rich with the milk and liquers, and a layered taste sensation for the picky palette. Beautifully done. We ordered 2.. . * Berry Nutty Professor - Generally good, but not our favorite. In fact, I have to admit, there was a slightly Pepto feel to it, a chalkiness in the back of the throat. The berry flavor was bright and good, but something about the combination didn't sit right.. . * Max's White Russian - Strong, amazing, and perfectly executed. The white chocolate (the white part of this Russian) was delivered in a little glass sipper/pitcher of sorts and you mixed it in yourself. Tasty, unique in taste, texture, and presentation; easily the best White Russian either of us ever had. Ura!. . Food:. . * Chicken Cobb Sliders - A slightly spicy, lightly breaded chicken filet on a beautiful bun (that I was told was tasty), seved with a tasty, tangy, crispy Cobb salad topping including bacon and really fresh greens. Definitely a new favorite!. . * Bacon, Cheese, Chicken Bites - Chicken and cheese wrapped in bacon and served at the end of toothpicks. Perfect, tender, flavorful, creamy, bites of wonderful... on a stick.. . * Philly Cheesesteak Sliders - Two words: Cheeze Whiz. In down-home-Philly-phashion, the meat was tender, the flavors were spot on, the creaminess reminded me of being in Philly, and the bread (I don't eat it) looked amazing (were those real Amoroso rolls?!).. . * Hummus w/ cocoa dusted pita chips - Fantastic texture, but the flavors were just OK. An enjoyable snack, for sure, but not something I would come here to order. Good, tasty, but not standout.. . All of this for $40. Large portions, too (3 each of the cheesesteaks, 2 of the sliders, 4 chicken/bacon bites, etc.)! . . Yeah, that. We even skipped dessert - at the chocolate place! Oh darn, a reason to return?! (As if we needed any more?) I can't wait!
The food is amazing. The service is great. Definitely a restaurant I'd go to the strip for.
I haven't been back in a few months, but this is one of my favorite places!  I need to go soon, so I can get my Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake fix! I'll never have another milkshake... unless it's from here!  It's that good!  :). . I've yet to be disappointed by anything else I've ordered from here.  Their Blackened Skirt Steak & Mushroom Quesadilla is the best quesadilla I've ever tasted!  The Meaty, Crispy, Cheesy and More Pizza is so flavorful.  The Monte Cristo sliders, though small, were tasty.  The Really Cheesy - Really Crunchy Mac n Cheese was delicious... more so when you add a little of the marinara.. . One of these days, I'll have to pass on my milkshake.  This way, I can finally try "The Works" chocolate pizza... or maybe I should just get both!  :P
The Mom's Simple Lemon & Herb Roasted Chicken is amazing!. The servers are super nice and accommodating to your needs. The place is a bit loud but the environment sets the perfect mood for couples, families, or a few friends chatting up a good conversation.
This place was amazing for both chocolate lovers and food lovers.  Their mojitos are great!  We had the Mac and cheese which was amazing, and while we were sitting on their "patio" (it's in the mall) we were greated to samples of different chocolate.  So, I didn't try the amazing looking desserts on the menu, I had a large chocolate chip cookie that had just come out of the oven. Yummy!!! . The staff was so friendly and helpful! Can't wait to go back!!!
Fucken delicious!
A chocolate lovers paradise! Everything is chocolate themed (even the walls lol). Awesome staff, got a sample of chocolate syringe (before and after you put it in the ice box).
Love love love this place! Great food, great customer service! 5 stars all the way!!!!
Much better in Sydney AUS
I love this place.  Everything is great
Can someone FedEx me some of their breakfast potatoes?....... . Pretty please?!?. . OK, All joking aside, the food here is heavenly.  Potatoes = the best home fries I've ever had.  Illegal illegal chocolate pancakes = holy #$%&!  Eggs? WOW.  . . Honestly, everything is so good here.  I can't wait to stumble back in next time we're in town.
Wow! Wish we had one of these in Houston! Their hot chocolate was absolutely divine! I tried both milk and dark, they were rich and creamy without being overly so. The marshmallows added texture and didn't dissolve in the hot chocolate. My only complaint is that the handleless mug is a little difficult to drink out of.. . On to food. The corn croquettes were really interesting. They're basically fried cheese balls filled with creamy corn. I loved the lightly fried crispy texture, and the filling was perfect, a good mixture of sweet and spicy. I also had the mac and cheese, the portion was huge. This is not a saucy mac and cheese, it's basically macaroni pasta topped with a variety of shredded cheeses, tomatoes and bacon and then baked in a skillet. I would highly recommend this if you're a cheese lover. . . Don't skip dessert here! Max Brenner seems pretty well known for chocolate. I was eyeing the fondue, but we ended up getting a s'mores sampler instead, which was as delicious as the hot chocolate.. . I loved the little flasks they used to serve sauces...so adorable.. . Our server was really attentive, considering we stayed after closing time. I felt bad taking up her time.   . . A huge H&M is across from here too. :)
Max Brenner is my main man!! The bald man does not disappoint and takes me to chocolate ecstasy!. . I first went to this place in the Philippines back in 2005. It was the best chocolate place I have ever experienced, waaaay better than See's! For years I have been talking about this place and people had no idea what I was talking about and thought I was crazy! I found out recently they were in Vegas and had to check them out when I was there this past weekend.. . They have a little spot in Caesar's mall and they server food as well as their chocolate masterpieces. I went with my brother, sister-in law and boyfriend and they all LOVED it! We were in heaven for sure.. . The Italian Hot Chocolate was fabulous! You don't even want to hug the mug, just spoon it into your mouth and savor every spoonful!. . The hot white chocolate chai was to die for! Just the right mix of chai spice and white chocolate in a fancy little apparatus. . . The Mexican hot chocolate was just as it should taste, although I'm not a real fan of it and of course the kangaroo cup is worth the experience.. . We also ordered some banana sundae that was to die for with melted chocolate and melted peanut butter to either poor all over the sundae or use it as a dipping sauce. Yummy!!. . Don't forget you can order their chocolates online and their fancy mugs too! Great gits!
Came here referred from a friend who swears by this place and now I know why. Just walking into the cafe restaurant is bliss. Smells divineand just feels warm being there. . . Service was quick and good.. . The mochas...oh my. SO GOOD!. . Breakfast served all day is a bonus. Hangover omlette is great...hangover or not. Diamond sugar dusted biscuit might have been better than the whole meal especially with the chocolate dipping sauce (which I shamelessly finished with my finger). The Club sandwich was really good but after the first couple quaters, the lime flavor kind of takes over your palette. The waffle fries were amazing. . . This is a must stop in Vegas.
I'm in LOVE.  I'm in love with Max Brenner!!!. . Diet?  What diet?  What is this diet you speak of?  With just the sweet aroma wafting through the atmosphere as I entered this place, I knew I wouldn't be able to resist anything and everything that I could fit in one sitting.. . I should have been warned: "Be prepared to drool."  Every single delicious bite had my mouth wanting more.  I started off with the Choco-Pops, a hot milk chocolate drink with chocolate wafers..  Really hit the spot.  I found it hard to stop sipping out of the tiny hug mug in which it is served.  I also had a quick taste of the Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake.  If that was mine, I would have gulped that whole thing down.  Not too sweet, and creamy so you don't have to sip too hard on your straw to get to your milkshake.  For an appetizer, we had Molly's White Corn Croquets which, with the dipping sauce it comes with, were a great start to an amazing meal.. . For my entree, I decided on the Sliced & Diced Steak "Pillow" Panini.  The bread, incredibly soft (not soggy) so that it doesn't scratch the roof of your mouth when you take a bite.  Inside the panini was just the right mix of ingredients of steak, onions, spinach, tomatoes, and asiago cheese.  So great, I could savor every part of the sandwich with every bite.. . Then, for my DESSERT ... OH DEAR GOODNESS TO GRACIOUS the DESSERT!!!!  So many choices, not enough room to fit it all in.  Honestly, I had the hardest time picking knowing it would be a while before I could go here again.  After much deliberation, I chose the Banana Split Waffles.  Great choice, Tiff!  Give yourself a pat on the back!  Imagine it with me ... waffle, bananas, carmelized rice crispies (which I have to say turned out to be the best part of the dessert), chocolate wafers, and a chocolate syrup to top it off that I couldn't help but slather it all across this ultimate dessert.  Every bite was heavenly.  I also had a bit of the Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake and the Deep Fudge Chocolate Cake.  Both equally delicious and mouthwatering treats!. . I am not embarrassed to say that I looked forward to burping for the rest of the day because I could still taste the chocolatey goodness for honestly the rest of the day.. . How have I not known about this place before?  Forget it.  Let's forget about the past, and start dreaming of the next time we'll meet, Max Brenner.
I've had dinner twice at this location recommended by my sister who went to the Max Brenner restaurant in Israel.  Prices are great.  Place is kid friendly and service is always good.  No matter who I'm with, we always have a great time.  Would come back any time I'm in the area.. . Note: A little disappointed that they removed the monte cristo from the  menu.  They were delicious but can no longer order it.
best panini ive ever had! It was the margherita panini, and it was amazing!! crunchy cheezy deliciousness!! Tried a bite of my friends killer breakfast skillet that came with chocolate dipping sauce, also wonderful! on another occasion i had the chocolate fondue, with white, dark and butterscotch i think, i shared it with a friend and it was perfect. I feel like this is a place were you cant go wrong....and I cant wait to go back!
Stopped by Max Brenner's kiosk at Caesar's Palace to grab a quick snack while shopping on Black Friday. After all, we needed to keep up our energy while fighting crowds of people to find great deals! Bought the $5 chocolate chip cookie with walnuts, which is not a deal, per se. But O-M-G ... this is one of the best chocolate chip cookies that I've ever eaten. One cookie is about the size of a hand and will satisfy two to three cookie monsters. Sure, 5 bucks is a bit high for a cookie, but this cookie is definitely worth it. Don't forget the milk and a lot of napkins to clean up the gooey chocolate.
This review is for the chocolate store only.. . The young lady helping me navigate my way through the sea of delicious chocolate in this store was just lovely.  Very warm and helpful, and I am sorry I did not get her name.. . The chocolate is simply delicious.  I bought a variety of tins as a present for my fella when I got home from my trip, and every chocolate is simply wonderful!. . I can't wait until I get to hit up Vegas again and pick up some more of these wonderful treats!
Came back again after completing the Vegas RnR halfmarathon.   Their hot chocolate and their cookies are the best I've had.  . . Their italian hot chocolate is so creamy and smooth that it coats your esophagus all the way on its down to your stomach and it leaves you with that warm feeling of satisfaction.   It tastes like melted chocolate.  In my last review, I wrote that I felt like I was drinking the from the chocolate river of Willy Wonka's factory.  (Though, if you think about it, Wonka's chocolate river would be a cesspool for disease and bacteria).  Nevertheless, if you want to see what an uncontaminated hot chocolate river would taste like, then you should check this place out!. . Their cookie is filled with chocolate chunks and heavy.  It's dense, its perfectly chewy, and it's just really rich and great.  At $5 a pop it's expensive, but that's because of how much chocolate they pump into it.  I wouldn't be surprised if they told me that the cookie was a quarter or half a pound.  . . If you're looking to buy chocolate from their shop, I have to tell you that their chocolate is probably as good as it gets.  It's only matched by XOX Truffles in SF.  I bought a box of their "Caramelized Pecans rolled in praline cream and fine cocoa powder" and it was just creamy and smooth.  It's too good.  . . As you'd see in my last review, I gave them 4 stars because I felt like their savories weren't perfect.  I didn't quite like their burgers, but I did like their omelette.  Try your luck with their savories if you'd like (though I'd recommend that you go elsewhere), but absolutely don't miss their sweets.
$5 for a chocolate chip walnut cookie? Pretty darned steep for 'just a cookie'. But oh hot damn, it's not 'just a cookie'. It's probably downright 'THE BEST COOKIE' I've ever had. That badboy was loaded with chunks and chunks and moutainous chunks of quality chocolate, along with very delicious crumbles of walnut, strewn strategically throughout the cookie.. . The dough itself was a perfect vehicle in presenting the wonderful ingredients. SO DELICIOUS. Not too hard, not too soft, not too buttery, and not too dry. This cookie was absolutely amazeballs. But I think I'd only be able to handle one because I'd implode with food amazement. . . Ken C and I stopped by the morning after my marathon and we wanted something to ready ourselves for the buffet we would later have. We both ordered hot chocolates at the bar, Italian style. He got milk chocolate, I got dark. . . Sooooooooooooper smooth chocolate, so rich and so fine, I was about to die. My stomach was not able to comprehend how there could be so fine a warm liquid that would coat it with such creamy smoothness. At $7 a cup, it seemed pretty harsh, but it was so kind on the way down. OH SO GOOD! Nice touch with the 'hug mug' as well. cute concept and clever way to enjoy such a lovely concoction.. . We didn't order anything else, but I'd be willing to give the chocolate pizza a shot the next time I visit.. . There was a wonderful display of chocolates also in the shop that you could purchase as gifts or snacks for yourself at a later time. These items are not cheap by any means, but you're essentially buying the best stuff around.. . Located in the Forum shops in Caesars, Max Brenner was kind of difficult to get to, especially the day after running a marathon. But boy was it worth it.. . Definitely a place I'd have to repeatedly visit. Even if it's just for that ridiculously overpriced 'perfect' cookie.
Satisfaction Guaranteed has got to be one of the best cocktails I've tried that has the best chocolate flavor of all time! You can't even taste the alcohol in this drink AND it comes in a stemless martini glass with toffee peanuts on the side, YUM YUM. . . Ordered the tomato and basil pizza for dinner and it came out crispy and yummy. The crust on this is thin and tasted more like a flatbread. It was a winner in my book. . . For dessert we got the fondue with churros. We had milk chocolate, toffee, and raspberry puree to drip the mini churros in. I kept thinking the small mini churros were sweet potato fries and was put off by them until I tasted them with the milk chocolate. I didn't like the toffee much and could do without it. . . It was a fun place to try as I've only been to the NY Max Brenner. Love how unique this place is!
I LooOOOoOVe Max Brenner!. . The scent of chocolate lingers in the air as you walk in and take your seat. Ah-MAZE-ing. The crates of chilis, chocolates, and cinnamon sticks is a nice touch. It is a relatively small restaurant, but there is an upstairs. All of the interesting artwork is up there and so is the restrooms. In other words, you will most likely get to see it all. There is also a chocolate shop inside of the restaurant where you can purchase things that are unique to Max Brenner (Hug Mug and Suckao cup). I never order appetizers when I come here but I ALWAYS order dessert. The first time I came here, I ordered the Yellow Granita and fell in love. Ever since then, I cannot order any other drink no matter how hard I try. I contemplate getting something chocolate-themed, but never do. It's just lemonade, mint, and ice but it's so refreshing! Their entrees are just as good as their desserts! I've gotten Max's Sunday Mood Pasta and their famous Really Cheesy Really Crunchy Mac &Cheese and always return the plate back to them as if they just washed it. As for desserts, you can never go wrong with their Chocolate pizza (I suggest getting "THE WORKS" which consists of hazelnuts, bananas, peanut butter, and marshmallows). The fondues are very impressive. You get to roast your own marshmallows and it makes the experience that much more enjoyable. The Smores Concoction plate is very creative. It comes on a plate that resembles graphing paper, which I thought was intense. The toffee sauce comes in mini beakers and most of the dessert itself comes in a mason jar. I got so excited just starring at the dessert. To all the chocolate lovers, this restaurant is heaven and Max Brenner himself is God.
This review is only for the drinks.. . I've been to the location in Singapore, and loved the drinks and dessert there. When I found out that there was a Max Brenner's in Vegas, I knew I HAD to go.. . I got the Eighties Milkshake in the Drink Me Alice Cup, and the bf got the Melting Marshmallow Hot Chocolate. Both were extremely yummy. The chocolate was amazing - very creamy and smooth. I was reading some of the reviews, and one reviewer mentioned that the chocolate was like Willy Wonka's chocolate river. THAT is exactly how I felt when I was drinking the hot chocolate! Our server was very helpful and told us to let him know if we wanted any recommendations. . . I'll definitely be back to try the food, but for now, if you want some dessert/drinks, Max Brenner's is the place to go :) They also have a small shop on the side where they sell pre-packaged hot chocolate, chocolates, t-shirts, etc.Very cute indeed!
Holy cow this place is good!. . Mind you I'm sort of a pessimist but I'm glad my friends and I came here on a random note! Service here is great, ambiance is great as well! My friend and I were waiting for a couple or more friends and they were nice enough to have us sit outside of the restaurant while checking up on us occasionally (with water!). I don't like servers who are all-up-in-yo-beeswax, but these servers did it just right. :). . Menu is a good size, and I had quite a difficult time choosing because I wasn't craving anything specific. I went ahead and ordered their chicken satay for appetizers and steak quesadilla. -- HEAVEN. Chicken SO delicate it melts in your mouth, complimented with extreme sauces. Garsh. Steak quesadilla cooked in a specific way and drizzled in a wasabi-mayo dressing I believe. So good. . . Max Brenner is also known for their specialties in sweets such as chocolate but their main dishes already satisfied me. I have yet to try their sweets. I have no doubt their sweets will NOT wane in comparison to their main dishes.. . So if ever you're around a Max Brenner with a couple of friends, try it out. You will have no regrets. Trust.
DROOOOOLLLL!. . this is my go to place every time i go to vegas. i first tried max brenner in new york and it was amazing. when i found out it was coming to caesers palace i was soooo excited!. . my fave is the chocoalte truffle heart cake! ITS AMAZING. i also like the pizza and the chocolate martini.. . there's never usually a wait when i go.
I was so excited to try this place out and I was NOT disappointed in any way.   Not only where the chocolate offerings delicious and plentiful, but the food is great too.  The Mac and Cheese is the best I've ever had!!   My husband and I both have the same phones, when we were eating I noticed his said we were in Las Vegas, mine said Paradise!   No kidding.  My phone knows me too well.
If I ever go back to Vegas, this will be on my list of must-go's... I highly recommend for anyone with a love of chocolate and a serious sweet tooth (diabetics may want to avoid..). . From the chocolate martini i had for a drink one night to the chocolate chai and chocolate smeared sugar biscuit for breakfast one morning, there really wasn't anything I had that wasn't absolutely delicious.. . The atmosphere is quiet and eclectic - it's in the forum shops at Caesar's as opposed to being on the Strip itself, makes for a slightly cozier & calmer atmosphere. The waitstaff was extremely friendly, offering tips on how to mix things up.
Yummy! I went here for brunch with some friends. We all ordered something different, I got the huevos rancheros burrito and loved it! This place is known for their chocolate, so the other two people I was with had biscuits and the biscuits came with dipping chocolate. I tried it and loved it! Overall, the experience was good - friendly service, great food and chocolate! Also, if you're looking in their shop purchase some of the caramelized pecans covered with cocoa powder, it was awesome!
At first glance, you would just see Max Brenner's as another forum restaurant. But after looking over their menu, we just knew we had to try this place out. So many good items on the menu and so little stomach space. After looking over the menu, we began our attack!. . Eighties Milkshake. Hazelnut Creme Chocolate Milkshake. Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate pancakes. Guilt free omelet. Pure American Kobe Beef Burger. Really Cheesy Really crunchy mac and cheese. Sliced and Diced  steak "pillow"  panini. Classic European Chocolate Fondue. . Every single item was so good and beautifully presented. I dont think we made a bad call with any of them.The good thing was that it wasnt too busy so service was good and fast. I can't wait to go back and try out some of the other items. I do highly recommend coming by to Max Brenners if you're in the forum shops and looking for some grub.
I love Max Brenner for two reasons, the Mexican hot cocoa and the waffle fries that are sprinkled with red chili and cocoa powder.  They are amazing.  . . I have been here a few times, but up until recently I never actually ate or sat in the cafe....I am so glad that I did.  The food and drinks are reasonably priced, the atmosphere is incredible and the prices are great, especially for being the strip.  . . I will for sure be back here and recommend you come back too.  They have breakfast and lunch options.  They also have a cute gift shop to take some signature gifts home, all of which are also reasonably priced... Way to go !
Yelp you brought me here, and I was not disappointed at all. Came here for some lunch, and ran into HAPPY HOUR. I got the Chocolate Chai and fell in love, probably the best Chai I had in my life. If I ever see you again, Im going to get the recipe! Delicious and the beautiful way for myself to filter the tea through into my cup was priceless! Totally worth my five bucks! For food we got the all the sliders, and they were all delicious! I wish I could have tried more of the delicious food and sweets they offered but I was already stuffed.
gave this place a 5 star because of the fun kids menu...hard to find places that do something extra special for the kids.  the kids menu wasn't displayed outside but when I asked they had one so we decided to try it out.  How could you not, there is a chocolate shop inside!  Comparable to a Serendipity or Sugar Factory, which are some other fun places we like to take the kids, so we are adding this to the list.. . The kids meals are a bit pricey, so more for the fun that you are paying extra for :)  My daughter got the grilled cheese bites which were good, but the best part is that they give the kids little paint brushes for them to paint the ketchup on their sandwiches or fries.  I was sold right there!  . . I had the regular brenner burger and my husband the steak quesadillas which were also pretty good.  The fries and dip were the best part in my opinion.  It's the orangy color, thousand island/ranch/chipotle mix.  The menu isn't that big, but again a fun place to go.  The kids got a fun sounding dessert, it was just okay, the chocolate cake was kind of hard.  It was chocolate cake with vanilla ice-cream, whip cream, sprinkles, strawberries and then a vile of caramel and cup of chocolate krispies to throw on.  The kids loved it.  My husband swears by the tiramisu.. . I will back in the chocolate shop for sure.  They have fun gifts in there like a hug mug!
This place was fantastic.  Super fun menu.  Everything we tried was yummy. Huge portions.  Our server, Kristen, was very friendly, very knowledgeable and gave us recommendations about the menu. Thank you for a wonderful first time experience.  I will be back next time I am in town.
OHMYGOSH. So delicious! Glad we found the Max Brenner in Vegas...was hungry for lunch, showed up around 3PM. They stop serving breakfast at 3:30 or 4:00 (forgot exactly when) so we ordered in a hurry.. . I ended up ordering a breakfast item, the guilt-free omelette (plus sausage hehe) and it was SO good. The biscuit was sugar dusted with butter and MELTED CHOCOLATE dippings. It was such a party in my mouth, the sweet the savory and the chocolate! BF ordered the lunch menu item with chocolate dusted waffle fries. The chocolate dusted fries were ok, hard to taste the chocolate, but the really amazing thing was their CHOCOLATE DESSERT MENU!. . I can talk forever about this place, but try their "hug mug" items, shakes, ice cream, marshmallows...we only ordered a hot cocoa but the couple next to us ordered the fondue set....it looked delicious!
If Mr. Max "Bald" Brenner's head was ever dipped in chocolate, I would eat it right up just for the amazing concept he has brought to all us choco connoissuers.  I'm thetype of person that would skip straight to the desserts on a menu and will most gladly replace a steak for a cheesecake anytime.  Brenner has made the world easier for us dessert folk by intertwining some of his dishes with hints of chocolate and a list of his dessert dishes with chocolate hits..   . For example, The Black and Tan battered Onion Rings with Chocolate-Ranch Dipping Sauce... FaWhaaa???!!  The appetizer of hops infused glorious golden halos dipped in choco-tang was purdy darn deliciouso!  Another item I would like to highlight would be the Berry Lovely Martini.  The presentation of the dessert cocktail was a masterpiece and paired perfectly with Brenner's Burger.  It was just like having a burger and shake with a 'bit more shake!  We also had the Mac n Cheese which was accompanied by a Marinara filled Syringe up to 60cc's!. . We rushed through lunch and ordered thru the desert menu like maddogs hyping for a sugarcraze.. The menu was so expansive and so inventive that we turned to the "Close Your Eyes and Just Friggin' Point" method.  The following are the selections Destiny has lead us to: (rated 1-5, 1 being freaknasty and 5 being The Max!). . 1. Marshmallow Hot Chocolate- 3. 2. Chocolate Pizza- 5. 3. Fondue for Two- eh. 4. Giant Chocolate Chip Cookie- 4. 5. Mexican Spicy Hot Chocolate- 5. 6. (Some Popsicle w Choco Pearls)- 5. . I'm not going to go into detail on each item, but I would like to express that Brenner's chocolate has brought all my senses to levels of satisfaction I never knew existed! . . Sad to say, the only thing that was missing from the dining experience was the Oompa Loompas...
Not once. Not twice. But Three times! . Yup, I went to Max Brenner's three freaking times in a four day span while in Las Vegas. It's now by far my all time favorite dessert spot. . . Located inside of Caesar's Palace Forum Shops, Max Brenner is a chocolate lovers paradise. It's like a real life Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory without the creepy oompa loompa's. The dark decor inside of the restaurant almost made it look as if everything is made of chocolate, especially the staircase. They actually have big clear tubes throughout the joint that are pumping milk chocolate. . . This place was put on my radar by my two Yelp buddies Michelle T and Dru C, both of whom had nothing but great things to say about it. Even though they serve many non sweets dishes, I came here strictly to get chocolate wasted. And chocolate wasted I got, all three times. Just look at all I've tried in my three visits;. . Milkshakes;. Eighties Milkshake (Chocolate shake W/ vanilla ice cream) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=V8kmzwUqKIQtB-YvfdfP9g. Cookieshake (Oreo shake) . Butterscotch Chocolate Cream Milkshake http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=8Dreo_n4-hoNyHleZpJPeA. . Hot Chocolates;. Melting Marshmallow Hot Chocolate W/ Dark Chocolate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=SK0nGSaddcVgTaFHnYJzRQ . Swiss Whipped Cream Hot Chocolate W/ Milk Chocolate. Swiss Whipped Cream White Hot Chocolate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=cNC8z1T74VG2uHdn2ipHhA. . Chocolate Desserts;. The Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake & Shake- Milk & white chocolate cake served w/ vanilla ice cream, red berries an iced milk chocolate shot and extra melted milk chocolate ganache http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=wlPyRsXipaOwDdeoQvxQDA. Classic European Chocolate Fondue- Melted milk & white chocolate & caramel sauce with bananas, strawberries, OMG chocolate chip cookie chunks, marshmallows and chocolate sponge cake to dip. Also came with a mini fire to toast the goodies http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=ngWZiHlm8ZiumjZoH46flg. OMG Chocolate Chunk Cookies W/ Walnuts- BEST CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE EVER http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=vzD-IjhxQUwZ-SJguPQNRQ. Banana Split Waffles- Served W/ vanilla ice cream, milk chocolate truffle & caramelized rice krispies http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=Cma2nudpiyP05Pla4Bb-CA. . All I can say is everything I tasted was phenomenal. I also absolutely adored their custom made dishware. I could honestly eat here everyday and never get tired of it. Seriously. . . All the employees I encountered were great. They all seemed to love working for Max Brenner. Prices are a bit high but the products are so amazing it's easy to look past that. . . If you've never been to Max Brenner in Vegas than I highly suggest you do so. Just beware of the chocolate coma you're guaranteed to be in after you finish your treats.
Awesome - must haves:. Frapps. Pancakes. Pizza
This is where you go to get chocolate wasted.. . My husband had a burger and said it was the best burger he had ever had.  I admit it, I stole his yummy criss cut fries.  . . I shared desserts with my siblings.  The cheesecake crepe was only ok.  Not as composed as I thought it should be.  The fondue was to die for.  Even between us three we couldn't really finish it.  The whole table was able to sample pieces of it.  The presentation was fabulous and I really loved how he treated the chocolate (using a double broiler so the chocolate wouldn't burn and letting you pour on the melted chocolate so you can control the sweetness.). . Drinks are a must: the table favorite was the 60s shake.  It comes with a scoop of ice cream on top and it was delicious.  If you are into cocktails the white Russian (with white chocolate you pour in yourself) and the Tiramisu was good.. . $200 for 8 people for lunch.  Not to shabby.
What a great surprise!loved the food and the service.
Chocolate overload. It is chocolate fondue heaven. So yummy it's crazy
Uuuuhhhhhh, best chocolate ever.  Don't know about the food, but I can tell you the chocolate is the bomb.com.  A love letter to this magical shop:. . Hello, chocolate shot.  I will warm you up and squirt you into my mouth with your delightful syringe.  So clever, bald man.  So clever.. . Hello, Fresh chocolate.  My husband brought you home to me still warm out of the chocolate pot thing that stirs you around and around in the store.  Mixed with milk in the ergonomic Hug Mug that my loving husband also brought home, you stop my heart.. . Hello, hazelnut chocolate milkshake.  I'm sorry I did not savor you and slurped you down in, like, 2 minutes.  But you were too delicious to stop.. . I would like to live here like an Oompa Loompa in Willy Wonka's factory.  I can sleep on the extremely comfortable leather couches upstairs.  Why are they there?  Who knows...maybe to comfort people as they fall into their sugary and silky chocolate coma.
As the two of us rolled into Las Vegas, the inevitable question came up:  "So, where are we going for lunch?". . My reply: "I already have it planned out.  We're going to Max Brenner.". . After parking the car at the hotel, we wandered over to the Forum Shops at Caesars, where Max Brenner is tucked away near the back (across from the mega-H&M).  The place was fairly empty at lunchtime, so the two of us had no problem scoring asecond-floor balcony seat overlooking the crazed capitalism going on below.. . Even before our server came by with menus, we were intoxicated by the chocolate aroma that permeates the place.  We were hungry even before we sat down; once the chocolate tickled our noses, we were ravenous.. . The menu is ginormous.  There is enough "real" (non-dessert) food to pull you in multiple directions.  The dessert menu is even worse -- it's practically an encyclopedia of drool-inducing chocolate delights.. . To start, we ordered the grilled chicken panini.  I'm a sucker for a great panini, and this one was more than just great -- it was heavenly.  Gooey cheese, a nicely crisped roll, and the most intoxicating tomato aioli.  It was served with a side of waffle fries dusted with cocoa and chili powder, which is possibly the best twist on French fries that I've ever enjoyed.. . We also shared a side of white corn croquettes.  These beautiful bites were absolute perfection.  Crispy panko breadcrumbs on the outside, silky smooth corn and manchego cheese on the inside.  I could eat dozens of these and never tire of 'em.. . As amazing as the these were, the single most revelatory dish was dessert: chocolate chunk pizza with hazelnuts and bananas.  It's as decadent as it sounds.  I've never had anything else quite like it.  And, obviously, the best way to wash down chocolate is with more chocolate, so I sipped on a "hug mug" of Mexican spicy hot chocolate, which ranks among the finest hot cocoa ever.  (I loved dessert so much that I had a cookie to go -- thanks for the tip, Michelle T!). . The Max Brenner gift shop is almost as fun as the restaurant.  Lots of free chocolate samples there, along with surprisingly reasonably priced dishware and boxed chocolate to go.  The best part: chocolate moisturizer that makes you hands silky smooth while smelling like an ice cream sundae.  (Yeah... I took some of that to go as well.). . Can you tell I'm completely bowled over by Max Brenner?  Next time I'm looking for lunch in Las Vegas, I'll definitely be returning to this veritable castle of chocolate.  Take it from this chocoholic's mouth: Max Brenner is a no brainer.
Wonderful establishment, delicious food, excellent service! . . I've been here twice now. First time was with my bf for lunch and the second time, I hosted a bachelorette dinner. I give this review 5 stars because their food is innovative and amazing and their prices are fair. I really like how they have private dining areas. Our party of 16 was seated in a separate room that had closed doors. We were able to enjoy ourselves in privacy. Our server, Chris was on top of it! He handled all of our orders and drinks and was super efficient. He brought out things that we would need before we even asked for them.  Although it is a chocolate themed restaurant, not everything on the menu has chocolate. Their milkshakes are to die for! I'd highly suggest getting the onion rings. They are perfectly fried and come with a savory chocolate dipping sauce that compliments the rings so well. . . This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants and I can't wait to come back!
Unbelievable crepes and super friendly service at the little kiosk out front! Pricey but worth it.
Who likes chocolate?? I DO. I DO.. . Everything. had. chocolate. I was in Heaven (plus, there was a 3 story H&M right across... can't get better than that!). . My family and I went there for brunch one morning/noon and we weren't quite sure what to expect. We ordered crepes, omelets, skillets, and pancakes. Everything was delicious and everything came with a cute vial of chocolate or white chocolate.. Service was excellent (she was super happy! but who wouldn't be if they were surrounded by chocolate all the time!).. They also have a little chocolate shop in the restaurant. It was really cute and they were giving away free samples of some kind of delicious chocolate. It was probably the best piece of chocolate I have every tried.. It was a pretty expensive meal, but hey, what do you expect in Vegas?. Would definitely go there again... when I'm making bank.
Great food with very attentive service. The presentation was top notch and constantly kept catching my attention. The only complaint is I can't eat as much as I would like. More reasons to return.. . Anything with Chocolate was fantastic.
Starting off I've had Max Brenner chocolate and thus far has been the best I've ever had.. & Im a girl that loves chocolate. When I saw that they had a restaurant in Vegas I had to give it a try! Its located in the Forum shops at Caesers near H&M. You walk in and can't help but smile of how cute it looks & great it smells. The service was pretty fast and friendly. I had half of the chocolate pizza with hazelnuts & bananas which is $10. Within the first bite the chocolate melted in my mouth, was soooo good! But you can only handle the half pizza, its a lot of chocolate if you decided to get the full. There were soo many other options that I wanted to try but didn't have time. I will for sure come to back in the near future! Before I left, I stopped in the shop section and picked up a can of  Caramelized pecans rolled in hazelnut cream & fine cocoa powder at $13, its pricey but I guarantee once you try one you can't stop at just that! The superiority of the chocolate is well worth it!
Fan-freakin-tastic!  I ordered a decadent banana creme brulee waffle breakfast item here.  It was sooooo good.  The picture of the item was on their menu which is what had me sold...it was truly love at first sight.  . . Everything on the menu look great, even their non-chocolate items.  Hada side of fries b/c I wanted something savory as well and they were delish.. . This is a must try place if you're going to Vegas and especially if you have a sweet tooth and a weakness for chocolate.
YUUUUMMMMMMYYYY!!!. . Best Cobb salad I've ever had. The citrus dressing was fantastic. My friend said her Caesar salad was delicious, too. . . Then we had dessert. Be prepared - you might have trouble deciding, and the one you get might be too big to finish. Highly recommend eating here!
OH MY GOSH. GO HERE NOW!. . If you love hot chocolate, you HAVE to try this restaurant. Yes, its a tiny cup, but it is so worth it. The Mexican is my personal Fav. The fondue is fantastic and out of this world. The banana tempura is a taste sensation that has to be tasted to be believed. I really only suggest chocolate-based dishes though.. . I love the atmosphere (feels kind of hipster) and the waitstaff has been very helpful and even remembered me and my BF.. . For the vegans: they provide vanilla soymilk in place of milk. Still tastes great!
The hard part was picking a dessert, but I knew I couldn't lose no matter what I chose.  The burger and fries I had for lunch were perfectly fine, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't try to save room for a dessert.  For dessert, I got a large peanut butter sundae that was great, but still a little pricey at $15.  People who go to Max Brenner don't go for the food, but it won't make you regret going.  And if you like chocolate, save room for dessert.
I have tried many desserts here in max brenner and everything that I have tasted far exceed my expectations.  One of my favorite desserts would be the Turtle sundae and I can finish it call by myself.  It has basically everything that I love with milk chocolate fudge, ice cream, nuts, and a variety of other tasty chocolate.
Came with a large group we ordered a variety of desserts so we could try all of them and we were impressed. if your a chocolate Lover then this is the place for you. fondue was delicious, the pizza was yum , and not to mention the shakes wow super sweet. will deff be coming back
I heart Max Brenner!. . The food is so yummy! Try the BALT (Bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato) sandwich and the Steak panini is delicious also. It's a bit spendy for sandwiches ($14) but they are yummy and you always pay more on the strip. The atmosphere is great and the service is wonderful. . . The desserts are the main reason for coming here! My favorite is the eighties shake. I want my whole shake cup to be dipped into the milk chocolate shell that is on top of the shake. So delish! And make sure you stop by the bottom of the staircase. It houses jars of chocolates and candies that creates the most divine smell!. . Come and dine here! You won't regret it!
There's a few Max Brenners in the country, and we vaguely remember going to the one in NYC.  However, this one, we will likely not forget.  EVER.  . . While they try to pass off this establishment as a restaurant, the wiser customer knows that it really is just a front to indulge in your wildest chocolate fantasies.  We ordered a hot chocolate, hazelnut/chocolate frappe, and caramalized banana waffle smothered in chocolate.  Each was more delicious than the next.  And this is considering there were 2 meat-loving guys in our group!  Even more fun is their attached shop with all sorts of funky chocolate confectioneries and accessories, which certainly entertained us until our food came.. . As an aside, we also got a panini and a burger, both of which were solid as well.  So there you have it, the best of both worlds!
I went here for my 23rd birthday dinner. I came her for their Kobe burger and it was a good choice. It was soooo yummy! Next time I want to try their drinks in the hug mug :)
Chocolate time!. . This place is pretty awesome!  We swung by after brunch for an afternoon dessert & walked around the forum shops.  . . To start, this really is a 5 star experience.  The amazing chocolates, the service, the atmosphere...  love it!. . We ended up sharing a milk chocolate granita & it was so smooth & thick!  It was like an iced hot chocolate, actually, it is.  It was served in the "Drink Me" cup which was the perfect size to share.. . The service was spot on & our server never rushed us even when we took forever to decide what to get.  We also found out from him that the chocolate pipes aren't real.  :(. . I love the feel of the small cafe, very cozy & intimate.  The have regular tables & some bar tables.  The decor was very chocolatey!  They even had 10-lb chocolate bricks for decorations!. . We will definitely be back to try everything out!  Especially the fries with chili & cocoa dust!. . Located inside the Forum Shops at Cesar's Palace.
I came to Vegas for The Beatles show and left telling everyone about Max Brenners and not much else (beyond all the young slutty girls who infest Vegas whom I couldn't tell if they were the paid hookers or not).. If you had a bad experience here, you either are dumb or got very unlucky. I went 3 times in two days and each time it was AMAZING! . The first time we ordered the fondue with churros which consisted of mini homemade churros, raspberry sauce, toffee sauce, and dark chocolate. ALL YUMMERS! I got a crazy butterscotch shake which was like an orgasm in my mouth. We kne we had to return again for breakfast after looking at the plethora of menu options. I got an amazing goat cheese omelet and this insane frozen mini lemonade that I still cannot get over. Every dish come switch what they  call a "chocolate lick". Its a small ramekin with their custom melted milk chocolate. I am no a milk chocolate fan, dark is my thing, but I would drink that by the gallon and bathe in it as well. The service rocked and the ambiance was kitschy cool. I have told every chocoholic I know about it and me as well as everyone I have told is completely disheartened that there's not a MB anywhere in the Bay Area. That is beyond STUPID!
Being a huge chocolate lover, I just HAD to stop by this place. The bf and I only came here for dessert and oh man, I just wanted to order everything on that menu! Haha. . . We ended up ordering the hazelnut cream banana toffee crepe. It was purely amazing. It was served with caramel ice cream, crispy wafer balls, and milk chocolate ganache in a little beaker. The chocolate was sooo good .. there are no words that can capture it's yummy-ness. This place is heaven for a chocolate lover or those with a huge sweet tooth. Can't wait to come back to try something new!
I was so sad that my group did not want to eat here. Being a chocolate lover I had to stop though. They have a stand outside their restaurant that sells chocolate syringes amongst other things. . . I HAD to have one of these. Its a huge plastic syringe sans needle filled with your choice of milk chocolate, dark chocolate and white chocolate. . . They asked me if I wanted one for now or later. I said now, they told me they would make me a fresh one. It was warm and melty and heaven. If you are diabetic you will need insulin or you will go straight into a coma, heck I'm not diabetic and I have a chocolate coma.. . Highly recommended even if you can't eat in which I hear is FABULOUS!
How many stars do you give to the restaurant you drive to Vegas to visit?. . That may be an exaggeration, but if it is, it's not much of one.  Nestled in the food courts of the Forums at Caesars, you'll find this chocolate lover's haven.  Hate chocolate?  Then starve!  Just kidding, there are tons of great options, and you never have to touch an ouch of cocoa.  But you disgust me.. . Max Brenners are scattered throughout the world, and this is the closest oneto Southern California residents (of which I am one).  The restaurant itself is straight out of Willy Wonka, except without the insanity.  The hot chocolate is piped throughout the building (not real, obviously, but very interesting to look at), and there are two levels of seating to guarantee that this place will never become completely overrun by customers.  . . The menu is superb.  I've ordered the Oven Roasted Tomato Pizza and the Southwestern Caesar Salad, which comes in a funnel-like bowl/plate.  Both are excellent, and are better than one would ordinarily expect from a chocolate-centered property.  . . But if you leave without ordering the waffle fries, you might as well have stayed at home.  They come with an addictive mustard-cocoa powder dipping sauce that tastes like God punched me in the tastebuds and said it was Good.  I always order an extra side (even though they are somewhat pricey), because someone at home is going to want a handful.  . . They also have about a dozen coffee, hot chocolate, and dessert options.  Honestly, although these were good (I've had the hot chocolate and the classic milkshake), they're not the reason I keep going back.  I expect them to do their specialities well.  But you could skip actual chocolate and still have a memorable experience.. . The service is generally solid, and they do take-out orders, too.  My fiancee and I have a pair of their "Hug Mugs," custom-made hot chocolate cups that are laughably impractical but still fascinating.. . Punch-line: go at least once.  I think you'll like what you find, whatever your tastebuds crave.
Max Brenner really knows how to swoon his customers.  His chocolate martinis are the BEST I have ever had.  Not too sweet with just the right amount of alcohol.  The intoxi-cake was AMAZING!  Just the right blend.  As much as I really wanted their fondue for two or a crepe, 2 drinks were just enough.. . The staff was amazing and really treated us well.  It was my birthday and the bartender brought me some candy and gave me a free shot.. . The only thing that was a bummer is that I wasn't in Vegas long enough to try all of their delicious food and desserts.  I highly recommend Max for a quick drink and can't wait to go back!
After an amazing experience at the one in New York, I made my work buddies (we were at a trade show) drive down to visit the Vegas Brenner's.  My experience here was also fantastic (probably a 4.5 really).  The server was great, we were seated on the outside patio area.  I ordered extra fries (actually we ordered a second serving - there were four of us and they aren't that big).  They were fresh and as amazingly delish as I remembered.  The food came, was really well cooked again so no complaints there.. . Desert was a different story.  One person had the mini ice cream bars - she said they were delish (but wouldn't share).   The rest of us decided to share the chocolate peanut butter sundae (heaven) but the pizza we thought was nasty.  I just don't understand why other people rave about it - ours was doughy and blech.  The waiter was nice enough to take it off the bill though.. . I would definately recommend the Vegas one too (just don't go to Philadelphia :(
I just visited the gift shop which had some unique chocolate products...this is located in the forum shops and a great place to visit. In their gift shop they also offer samples. This guy really knows what he is doing and his chocolates r amazing...must try when hitting the forum shops
We stopped by late one night after the restaurant  was closed but the bar/counter was still open and serving the full menu. The staff was friendly and the desserts were delicious.. I had strawberries and banana chunks with a dark chocolate fondue, and the strawberries were huge and sweet. He had a plate consisting of a mini chocolate cake, a shotglass chocolate milkshake, a tiny bowl of vanilla ice cream and a mini cocktail shaker of chocolate sauce. That may sound like an itty-bitty dessert but it was enough for me to have some too, and that milkshake was fantastic!
The most fun I have ever had!!! Food is AMAZING!!! And the service was mind blowing. There was a manager that came out to greet us and made sure our experience was a great one. I think his name is Adam. He was outstanding. I'm definitely coming back. My new favorite restaurant.
I thinkI found my favorite restaurant on the Strip.. . I had the Tutti Frutti Waffles.  Every single bite was so incredible.  It is seriously the perfect sweet dish.  Waffles, fruit, chocolate, and ice cream.. . Unfortunately, that's all I've had at this place.  My husband said his burger was amazing and everyone else we dined with said their meals were great.  I can't wait to go back to try other dishes and for happy hour!. . A party next to us ordered the chocolate fondue.  I am definitely ordering that next time I go here.
I was so impressed with Max Brenner.  We had gone on a date night and right off the bat we had the best server.  He was friendly, informative, helpful and happy.  Which in Vegas is hard to find happy people that work in the service industry.  Plus they have chocolate pumping through the ventilation system...SMART!. . I had the special which was a fillet with a sauce and fresh spinach and it was fantastic, the chef even came out to make sure I enjoyed it.  My husband had the fish tacos and almost made himself sick because he was so full but wanted to finish it. . . We ordered a banana dessert that was amazing and then to top is all off they had made an extra hot white chocolate that wasn't ordered so our server offered it to us...and it was yummy!!!. . It was a little pricey for us to go to on the regular but for sure I want to go back and take the kids because I think they would enjoy it too.
It was my second time coming here and this time I wasn't hungover from the night before.. . I ordered the same Guilt Free Omelet  that I think I did last time and it seemed like it came with a lot more stuff. At least stuff that I could stomach. . . The omelet was made up of mushroom, spinach, onion, peppers, tomato & swiss cheese and it was delicious. Even though I was full, I kept eating.. . The sides included a diamond dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit, spiced fries and melted chocolate lick.. . The biscuit was great especially with the chocolate but there was no way I could eat all of it because my body told me to stop or else it'd give me diabetes.. . I also shared an Eighties Milkshake which perfect except for that whole body threatening me with diabetes thing.
CHOCOLATE GALORE! I AM IN H-E-A-V-E-N!. . I love chocolate, always have, always will and this place is hands down Amazing! Don't get me wrong, I LOVE my Ghirardhelli Chocolate by my goodness this place is amazing. You can smell the cocoa as you are walking in! Everything was amazing and I can't wait to go back!. . Melissa, was very patient with us and gave great recommendations. I had a white chocolate mocha with a shot of amaretto! YUMMY plus their omelet with chorizo and mushroom. I love their potatoes and wish I got more. (I love all things potatoes btw.) . . All in all, can't wait to come back. Hopefully it will be the New York one. ( I am so over Vegas)
Max Brenner is why you don't just give 5 Stars to everyone ! - Max Brenner makes Happy people !. . If you love desserts and want to go for the great or exceptional Max Brenner is it !. . If you love Chocolate this is where you want to go to after you die ... it's heaven.. . Quality Freshness and all around goodness  this is the temple of food without the price tag of Joel Robuchon or e by Jose Andres. . Great coffee - love their Kangaroo coffee cup !!  Great tea - wow so distinctly served with its own wooden tray biscuit and allowing you to take your time for the brewand release to the cup & the deserts .. while all the food is great, the deserts and Cocktails & Chocolate Aphrodisiacs are a must .... . Ok so this is not my first visit there, I was friendly with all tables close by talking to them I was not surprised to find out many other people were having the same wonderful experience as I do and they ALL LOVED IT !!!. . Service was excellent and attentive, Chocolate must be in the air cause all those servers were smiling and looked like they enjoy the place and like their work.  . . Decor - earthy wood furniture and color scheme reminiscent of different chocolate shades with pipes going through the ceiling to the different chocolate brews machines ... love it !. . When I was going there I passed by Denny's on the strip they had over 1 hour wait .. and yes you can end up in Denny's paying about 5$ less per person and get a bigger portion stand out in the heat ... and wait an hour and half .... or you can do what I did ... cross the road to the Forum shops, locate Max Brenner and have an amazing celebration for your taste buds ... while you can have here a breakfast for about 15-20 incl your coffee I highly recommend to  bring your wallet so that you can buy one of the cocktails and indulge in one of the deserts and enjoy more of what this place has to offer .... and save the visit to Denny's when your back home ... they are everywhere..  . On a personal note  I am a lactose intolerant Max Brenner is one of the only places this days that i still ignore my allergy ... i get a whole bottle of pills which not always help Max is worth it
Everything we ordered was delicious!!  I had the pizza and salad and both were out of this world!!!  We split the chocolate fondue for dessert, yum!!  Our waiter was extremely friendly and helpful!!!
AMAZING. This was a great end to a night. got there at about 10:30pm (they close at 11pm). they sat us quickly and did not rush us at all. . . We shared the fondue (Dark Chocolate, Toffee, Milk Chocolate). the presentation was great and the food they gave you tasted amazing. Marshmallows, fruit, brownies and cookies. we had to be rolled out of there. . . If you love anything chocolate. don't hesitate going here.
During a recent weekend getaway to Las Vegas, my husband and I stopped here for an afternoon snack. We shared a Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake and the O.M.G. Dark Chocolate Chunk Cookie. The milkshake was delicious, perfectly smooth and balanced in flavor, and not too rich; much to our surprise, it topped our previous favorite milkshake at Burger Bar. The "drink me" cup it came in was a nice touch  As for the cookie... O.M.G. indeed. It was so yummy, and I loved that it came with whipped cream, berries, and melted milk chocolate so you could play with the flavors. Again, the plating was cute since it was served on porcelain graph paper with a beaker for the melted chocolate. Good dessert, cool atmosphere, prompt and friendly service.
This is THE place to go for some amazing desserts. I look back at all my Vegas trips in the past and I keep wondering why none of them had Max Brenner part of the plans. Well no longer!!!. . The Butterscotch Milkshake and Hazelnut Milkshake are to die for. You take one sip and you are in heaven. Not too sweet and not too rich. You just keep on drinking and you can't stop. While my friends back was turned I stole hers. I stick with my decision and I would do it again if I had another chance.. . Chocolate Pizza with the works is a dentist appointment waiting to happen. Chocolate, bananas, caramel, and marshmallows... a s'more fit for a king. It's pretty big and very rich, so it's best you share.. . It's not sin city till you sin that sweet tooth of yours.
My friend recommended this place when we stayed in Vegas. It was certainly a delight for a chocolate lover like me. As soon as you walked close by, you could smell the aroma of chocolate. Myfriend and I shared a pizza and a chocolate java cake. They made my day perfect.
Great ambiance.  The Molly's white corn croquettes are a must have.  The ricotta and mushroom pizza is very good.  The sharing chocolate fondue is amazing.  The food was all perfectly shared by four.  Perfect amount for tastings and light lunch.  The Eighties Shake is good, but very rich.
This place smells so heavenly. Whatever you do get some biscuits and smother them in chocolate sauce or butter. I haven't eaten that many biscuits in my life but these were the best ones I ever had. A solid crunch on the outside and a oh so pillowy soft  in the inside. I ordered another basket of them before I could finish my brunch. On a side note the vege omelette I got was good but I stuffed myself silly with biscuits and chocolate sauce.
These folks take chocolate very seriously!  I can't even recall what I had because I had so much going on that day...I started off with some really deep deep chocolate cocoa in this really cool mug that you use both hands to grab.  |. . Then I had a substitute for their chocolate molten brownie-cake that came with a drizzle-cup (for lack of a better term) of  warm chocolate,  a mousse shake, and 3 scoops of caramel ice cream...I was on a such a rush it was a ridiculous!. . I actually didn't want anymore chocolate after I left but I do have a deeper respect for real dessert bars than I did before...
The lunch was good.  Unfortunately I didn't have room for dessert.  Though I did manage a cappuccino in the kangaroo cup,  with the chocolate.   I really enjoyed the food?  I'm going to try to make it back for dessert.. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - . Ok,  a year later,  we made it back for dinner and dessert.  This is definitely one of my faves in Vegas.  Great meal,  great service.  The desserts and coffee and chocolate drinks are excellent.
Food - delicious. Service - Excellent. . Would I come back again?  ABSOLUTELY.. . What a great experience!  The server was extremely friendly andvery helpful as my friend and I could not decide what to order.  And each suggestion was right on.  We never had to wait around for her to come by.  She was constantly checking on us and refilling our drinks.  All in all it was a great time and a god experience and I will definitely be visiting this place again.
This was the exact opposite of Serendipity and was amazing. It is located across from the H&M in the Forum Shops and is worth every penny. It is a chocolate lover's paradise and their desserts speak for themselves. From the dessert offerings to the ambiance and the presentation of the food/drinks this place deserves all five stars!. . Note to bachelorettes: while they don't do a special bachelorette dessert they will bring out a birthday one that totally works and makes her feel special.
SO. GOOOOOOOOD. . technically, I think there were several factors that contributed to my amazement at this restaurant. one being I was starving for sweets coming out of the celine dion concert (which btw, you all reading this review should buy tickets to see this girl sing cus oh she can definitely still sing!!) . and two, it was a chocolate restaurant, what is not to love?. . I like this place better than Serendipity's because the savory food is also very good. . . you won't go wrong with trying anything. just eenie meeni minny moe on the menu and you'll end up having a fantastic experience at Max Brenners.
My wife and I went here for brunch one morning and it was incredible. We loved it so much, we went back for dinner the next night with another couple that we were traveling with. It was a great fun dinner. We all loved everything we got. I was very surprised that the restaurant wasn't packed like other places around it, but the quiet atmosphere was great. I can't wait to go back
I saw the reviews on yelp, and decided to try. One of the best veggie burgers and chocolate pan cakes on this planet. If you are in Vegas, definitely worth a stop. Plenty options for vegetarian and kid-friendly. Good customer service. I can't wait to be back.
Everything that i tried on the menu is great. Only complain is the servers can be snotty. Other than that i love this place! Need a trip back here soon.
I have a new crush and it isnt on Dre the hot waiter.  Okay, so I do have a crush on him but it isnt hot and passionate like my love of Max Brenner.. . We were taking a friend out for her birthdayand since she is a chocolate fanatic Max Brenner was perfect.  I was hesitant ordering lunch since I didnt know if they slacked on their meals and just focused on dessert.  No fear, their other foods are also top notch.  . . I had a great breakfast burrito, the birthday girl ate what she calls the best panini of her life and the third girl ordered their Southwest Cesar Salad.  All of us were more than pleased.  . . Then the dessert came.  Birthday girl and I shared a smores type thing.  Dre said it was small but there were still leftovers between the two of us.  I wish I could describe this but anything I could say would trivialize the amazingness that was on my plate.  Imagine a jar filled with pudding, chocolate chunks, gram crackers, topped with whip cream. Then there is carmel to drizzle on top of all of it.  I am pretty sure there were like 4 other things going on in the jar but I cant name or recall them.  Oh, plus a side of banana with sauce plus a graham cracker with toasted marshmallows on top. So good.. . Did I mention, so good.
BEST...SHAKES...EVER...period.  I wish I was there right now so I could be drinking one.
Chocoholics, beware of overdosing at this chocolate-themed restaurant! (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=MrvNywG_ed2VdWQhunk44Q&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw). . Having done my research on Yelp beforehand, I already knew that I was not going to leave Vegas without trying Max Brenner. Located inside The Forum Shops (part of and right next to Caesars Palace), parking was a little confusing at first because The Forum Shops has its own parking lot that's separate from Caesars Palace's parking lot (you have to circle down around the Colosseum). . . Max Brenner was surprisingly empty on that Sunday lunchtime..and that suited me just fine! Also, I was not expecting the restaurant, which looked unassuming and average from the front, to be so big and spacious inside. They had chocolate-themed decor inside (chocolate "pipes" running across the ceilings and walls, posters featuring chocolate, jars of candy/cookies, etc (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=pMUkSaVSD9zUcP5KG_mOhA&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw)) and nice couches for people to lounge around, although I'm not sure when you will need to lounge around unless you're waiting for someone in the restroom (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=CutljJ3FFNhZLodcz9Y48Q&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw).. . Even though it was empty that day, service was still kind of lackluster. It took us forever to flag down our waiter to place our orders and get some cups of water...and there were only three tables that were seated in the whole place! I noticed that the other tables were having trouble getting the waiter's attention as well. Anyway, after we placed our orders and got our food, we hardly noticed the slow service because the food overtook our mouths, our minds, our conversations, and our souls.. . Banana Split Waffles (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ywqLRT_IZ8bQwUx1KUVkpg&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) - Even though I would categorize waffles as a breakfast item, Max Brenner placed its waffle dishes in its dessert menu, so be sure to look through all their menus before you order! The waffles were amazing. Even though the portions look small, it was actually very filling. There were so many components to this dish I didn't know where to start! The caramelized bananas were super delicious and together with the crunchy chocolate-covered rice krispies, chocolate syrup, and creamy ice cream made the waffles send me into cardiac arrest and fly up to heaven!. . Guilt-Free Omelet (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2y5M9yOwQwEUDYB98aMaNA&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) - So, we all know that Vegas is a fattening city. I don't even want to think about how many calories I took in just from the endless alcohol drinks and buffet food. It was only natural that my friend and I decided to appease our guilt by ordering the Guilt-Free Omelet. My friend substituted the eggs for only egg whites (at no additional charge!) and the omelet was amazing. Cheesy and fluffy, and filled with all these veggie goodies. The potatoes on the side were okay, but I liked the herb seasoning on them. The biscuit was AMAZING! Soft, buttery, and so so so good with their chocolate sauce (hey, cannot escape Max Brenner without tasting their chocolate)!. . Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=B51pIQ9RY-J-A1tBHQtLWg&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) - Yes, there is THAT much chocolate that they had to put in the word chocolate 3x to do the pancakes justice! I would recommend that you split this with at least 3 people (and that is if you're only planning on eating these pancakes and nothing else) because they are huge and densely soaked in chocolate and syrup. Yummm..I can totally see why such a thing would be illegal, even in Sin City... . Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=U05QfAZxZE0yhI1PaPogaA&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) - At first my friend tried to stop me from ordering yet another fatty item, but I was determined to try a milkshake here. They had so many options (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=zSuQ9qhGuAJbbxRuhhVgcw&userid=HDxFZKFQyL6ChxXkAbgETw) that I could not for the life of me believe I had to narrow it down to just one. Alas, I chose the Hazelnut Cream one because I love hazelnut in my coffee, in gelato, in anything. It was put in a cute "Drink Me" (Alice in Wonderland, anyone?) cup and my eyes popped open the second I took a sip. Best. Milkshake. Ever. Imagine Nutella in a milkshake form, but 100x better.. . My other friends ordered a Brenner Burger (with Kobe beef), which came with some tasty cocoa-dusted waffle fries, and the waffle sandwich, which I was too full to try. . . Max Brenner, you were so worth the calories!
I remember stepping into this chocolatey heaven previously when I visited New York and I thought to myself," why haven't they opened one up in the West Coast?". Sure enough I did a little research on the web and realized they opened one up in Vegas, I begged my fellow partner in crime to come try this place with me. He had no cluewhat he was getting himself into. He ordered their mac n' cheese and after taking about no more than three bites, confessed that it was the best mac n' cheese he ever had ( better than his mom's and that's something to say ). We also tried their smore concoction and it was the perfect way to end our dinner. I haven't been here since last November but I'm hoping my next Vegas rendezvous will be here, fingers and toes crossed.
No sweet tooth? Develop one here TODAY!. . Honestly, some of the best desserts I have tasted in a while. Buffet desserts don't even come close. I had the Sharing Fondue and good luck sharing it with the recommended two people. You'll be begging for more, trust me! It comes with a serving of ice cream, fried banana bites, fondue, marshmallows and more. They give you long forks so it's easy to roast the marshmallows and dip it in chocolate. We had the dark chocolate flavor and it was awesome. Sometimes dark chocolate will taste overly bitter, but nothing like that here at Max Brenner.. . Towards the end the sugar will catch up to you but it wasn't overwhelming. You definitely leave feeling more satisfied rather than simply sugar-rushed.. . It's also worth noting that the regular dishes such as the pizza is great as well. I had the Spicy Chicken with 3 Cheese Pizza. The portion is pretty small, but it's darn good pizza. Thin crust and crispy exactly how I like it!. . Expect to spend in the +$40 range even for just two people. It's definitely worth it though, can't say enough how good the chocolate fondue was. Definitely going back in the future.
Oh yeah. I had had this in my bookmarks for months and finally was at Caesars for the evening and gave it a shot. I absolutely loved it. I had a waffle sandwich that I was expecting to be weird, but in fact was delicious and much lighter than I expected. The waffle was just a vessel to get the sandwich into my mouth--it wasn't greasy or hot. It was nommy. . . We ordered the spinach and artichoke fondue for an appetizer--which is a fancy misnomer, but I can't really fault them for that. It was still super good, super filling, and of course, super fattening. Our drinks were delicious too-- I had a mojito and my friend a glass of wine, and we guzzled them down.. . I didn't get to have any dessert, which is a durned shame, considering my love of all things sweet and that I was ata chocolate mecca, but I did get a chocolate bar to go. It was a whopping $7, but every morsel was worth its weight in gold, which is practically what it cost. . . I would like to come back and have just drinks or desserts, and maybe be a bit more adventurous on the menu. It's really good!
Great dessert!!!  Just as good as the New York location.
The Italian Sipping Chocolate is awesome!  I really like the ambiance!!
This place is amazing. Very intimate and cozy! I love the dessert menu and Max's love story! Dessert was the best ever! My boyfriend got the sharing fondue for two. It was absolutely delicious however there is such a thing as two much sweet! Make sure when ordering this sampler you are ready to increase your sugar intake.
We HAVE to always go to Max Brenners when we're in Vegas our favorite is the Fondue with fruit and cookies and Hot Chocolate!!!
The best chocolate shake ever tasted. Everything we have had there tastes great including the pizzas (all 3), Max burger and their salads. We go there every time we go to Vegas.
5 stars: Woohoo! As good as it gets!. . Back in the late 80s, nike ran a campaign featuring Bo Jackson. . . It proclaimed "Bo Knows" and went on to enumerate all the things Bo knew, including but not limited to football, baseball, and Ray Charles. . . Max Brenner knows chocolate.. . I can't count the number of times I've been here. . . Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, Dinner, Snack-time, Cookie-stop while shopping at the forum shops.... . . You really must try the chocolate fondue "sharing" @  $24.95 for two at least once. . . And buy yourself a $5 cookie to go. It's $10 if you eat it inside because it comes on a plate with a dollop of cream, some berries and chocolate sauce. . . Another thing: sometimes the service is uneven. It's not a fine dining restaurant, so it comes with the turf. Spend some time reading the menu and the whole Max Brenner story. It will make you want to quit your job selling widgets and apprentice in a tiny Parisian chocolate shop with a crotchety Gitane-chain smoking chocolatier named Gaston. . . They don't really open early enough, or close late enough, and lately, they got rid of the little mini-stand outside the restaurant to make room for more fake-patio seats, but those are my only beefs, and they are fairly trivial and easily planned around. . . Even the non-sweets are good.. . The omelets are solid, the potatoes are well-seasoned, and everything is certainly quite edible.. . But stick to the sweets, like chocolate pancakes for breakfast, the aforementioned fondue sharing, and the cookies and cakes and you will be very pleased. There's this hot chocolate here that you need to try. Ask for a sample of each kind before you order to get a taste of each variety, and you will know which one I am talking about. . . Don't come here if you dislike sweets, and write a review complaining about how sweet everything is. That's just asinine. . . The whole point of eating here is to assemble a meal like Will Ferrell makes in Elf, and spend the rest of the day bouncing off the walls on a crazy sugar high.
This was my second time at max brennar. This time I made it early enough to make breakfast. I ordered the breakfast skillet and my girlfriend ordered the illegal chocolate chocolate pancakes. I'm not usually a pancake fan but the pancakes with their chocolate is absolutely amazing. They give both white and dark chocolate and have nuts sprinkled throughout. It was absolutely tasty!! My dish was also great but it was something that you could get at any normal brunch place. As usual, the service was amazing and treat you like you're home. One of my favorite brunch places in Vegas!!
(Disclaimer: My 5 star rating is based solely on their desserts. I have yet to try the regular breakfast/brunch or lunch menus but will probably order their kobe burger next time!). . D and I make it a habit to have dessert at Max Brenner every time we find ourselves in Vegas. We first discovered the bald man about 3-4 years ago in NY and we were glad when they finally opened a location in Vegas.. . I am a creature of habit and always end up ordering the Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart but since we came here on New Year's Day , I figured it's time to try something new! I went for their S'mores Concoction presented in a medium sized bowl with 4 layers of goodness inside it: The bottom had melted milk chocolate, followed by graham crackers, gooey marshmallows, white chocolate shavings and topped with about a cup of whipped cream! It was served with a beaker of caramel sauce, chopped caramelized bananas and a miniature s'more with roasted marshmallows on top.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=egv15WxbaIEGBMd-GcHpeg#egv15WxbaIEGBMd-GcHpeg. . I also ordered a double macchiato to go with my dessert. It was served in their adorable kangaroo cup with melting milk chocolate.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=20OlMay5TIwHZRsL3pLh9g#20OlMay5TIwHZRsL3pLh9g. . D had the Hazelnut Cream Banana Toffee Crepe that was generously filled with hazelnut cream, milk chocolate ganache and pieces of crunchy chocolate wafer balls. There was actually more filling than crepe! Lol And it came with a side of caramel ice cream and more chocolate wafers.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/max-brenner-las-vegas?select=_VPtlHLOviy8ApUCn6sgmg#_VPtlHLOviy8ApUCn6sgmg. . 2 pitchers of iced water later, we started to feel lightheaded but giddy and happy after indulging in all that sugar. As always, Max Brenner never disappoints =)
I have been back a few times for dessert with out of town friends staying on the strip but have been meaning to do their happy hour (HH is bar only, mon- fri 3-6, 9-close $6 snacks and drinks). The Yelperazzi and I weren't sick of each other and did the HH after a Yelp event and shopping. . . I just wanted a small snack and got chili coco waffle fries. It was perfectly crispy and the seasoning on it was tasty. I wouldn't say it screams "this is chocolate" but just a hint of cocoa flavor and has a more smoky savory flavoring from the seasoning and the chipotle mayo it comes with. I saw they also do chocolate ranch dressing so I asked for a bit to try. It was a good ranch, but that really didn't taste like chocolate at all. . . I got my order not put in or something despite being one of the first to order and while waiting they gave me a extra mini philly. They made too much apparently. Those were really surprisingly delicious. I didn't think I had room for it, but I made room. I have to come back for that again. Two come to a order and theres a small paper cone with a tiny bit of waffle fries between them. When I mean little, I mean like 2-3 for a taste. . . Everyone seemed to all enjoy their food and cocktails. Service was good and friendly from the bartender. . . I've had their savory food once during a Yelp event (one of the best ones we've ever had, BTW) and definitely coming back for a meal and happy hour. Just a tip that the bar seating isn't plentiful, so it might be hard for a large group unless you come right when it starts as it usually is empty otherwise. . . I recommend to try out having a meal and dessert hereas their food is rather solid all around.. . (Yelp 100 Challenge 14/100)
The first time I visited Max Brenner, all I had was their "Works" Chocolate Pizza with a Hazelnut Milkshake.  It was the Sweetest Lunch ever!  This time around was different as I decided to come here for their Happy Hour at their Bar.. . It's a pretty good deal with a lot of small bites and cocktails going for almost half off their regular menu prices.  And the hours are pretty flexible from 3pm-6pm and 9pm to closing.  I had a friend join me so it made it easier to try more of the food, which was a big help on my part because I was still kind of full from a buffet I had earlier in the day.. . We ordered their Mini Philly Sliders and their Mini Brenner Burgers.  Both came with their famous Cocoa Powdered Waffle Fries.. . Mini Philly Sliders. http://bit.ly/11RtJxG. How can you not like steak and cheese in a small brioche roll.  Very tasty!!!  I probably would've ordered more if I wasn't moderately hungry.  LOL. . Mini Brenner Burgers. http://bit.ly/UUQhZ4. Pretty much like your typical burger sliders.  These didn't really wow me, but they were still good nonetheless. . . It was my first time trying the Cocoa Powdered Waffle Fries and I thought it was pretty interesting.  I didn't have ketchup with it since I wanted to be able to taste the Cocoa.  The Cocoa was subtle and gave a hint of sweetness, but didn't overpower the Fries.. . For my drink I went with Max's Famous White Russian.  . http://bit.ly/SBW47c. Pretty good!  The warm white chocolate was pure and helped melt down the marshmellow into the drink.. . And since I was there, just for the fun of it, might as well pick up another "Works" Chocolate Pizza.  . http://bit.ly/VjNZ9w. How can you not get one when it's almost half price? LOL. . I would definitely come back again to Max Brenner for their Happy Hour.  It's cheap and has a nice selection of food and drinks.  Definitely a good way to kill time on the strip during that afternoon grind or to go for an early nightlife snack.
O-M-G. This place is amazing! their fondue was out of this world. My friend and I came here around 10:00pm and it was pretty much empty. My friend and I knew we wanted the fondue already. The waiter was going page by page in the menu showing us what's his favorite. Two thumbs up for the waiter being super friendly giving us recommendations. We got the Sharing fondue which came with a variety of goodies. There were marshmallows, strawberries, cake, ice cream, waffle, fried bananas and some sort of cookie. Be careful when you are roasting marshmallows, I was instagraming and not paying attention I burnt the marshmallow. haha. I will come back here for more. Excellent service and excellent desserts.
Shared with another the Pearl Sugar Chocolate Waffle with caramelized banana, gnutella, wafer balls, ice cream. OMG i think i just ate a bit of heaven. It was divine!! Raged through it like a homeless without food for a month. You will love this place if you love sweets and desserts and a cool chill place to hang with your friends and yes family!!! it's pretty kid friendly, i would say out of 5 for most kid friendly it would be a 3.7 just cuz i feel like it.. ;) it' s not quite a 4 and above since it is dark and still has a bar vibe but the seating by the wall is great cuz kids can lean against it. Caution: only bring them here if they are good because they'd be more hyper than you'd like after leaving!. . Drinks we had some lemon thing and some green thing. I totally forgot. Was blown away by the dessert itself! Def a must go after your shopping!
Hit this place up while walking the mall it's hidden in. Had the Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Burrito with Waffle Fries for brunch and was blown away. Took a chocolate syringe back to the hotel for dessert. Excellent food.
I had been to the Max Brenner's in NYC but not Vegas. We went for their happy hour deal, it's from 9 to close and I believe also 4-7 or some other earlier time. Best deal ever - everything is $6, though you must sit at the bar. I got chicken tenders w/ fries and BBQ sauce and my friend got the buffalo chicken sliders. We got this insanely good dessert, it was like smushed Smores or something in a small pot and it was DELICIOUS. Came with bananas and also melted chocolate to drizzle over it ... I'm guessing it's like $9-10 when not happy hour.. . I would definitely try Max Brenner's out again next time I'm in Vegas (or in NYC).
I'm seriously addicted to chocolate. I must have it every single day or I start to shake, get angry and feel like death is upon me.  So, whenever I'm at Caesar's Palace, I make it a point to stop by Max Brenner to get my chocolate fix.  They're always busy.  I'm not picky as to where I sit and enjoy my chocolate so most of the time, I eat at the bar so I don't have to deal with shenanigans.  Or you can also go to the chocolate shop attached to the restaurant and grab boxes of chocolates, shirts, chocolate-scented bath stuff, etc.  I always get tin cans of chocolate-covered pistachios and chocolate-covered hazelnuts.. . I've honestly never tried their savory dishes.  Who needs a savory meal when you can have chocolate for lunch/ dinner?  My favorites are:. . Hazelnut Cream Banana Toffee Crepe:. A nice crepe filled with chocolate hazelnut and sliced bananas.  In a small beaker, chocolate sauce to pour all over the crepe.  Caramel ice cream. Chocolate wafer balls.  5/5. . Banana Split Waffles:. Crunchy waffles with banana halves topped with vanilla ice cream. A beaker of chocolate sauce and some chocolate wafer balls. 5/5. . Chocolate Chunks Pizza:. A pizza with melted chocolate on top then 2 toppings you want: peanut butter, hazelnut, marshmallows and bananas.  Or you can get The Works to get all toppings.  I personally like hazelnut and banana.  5/5. . Fondue:. You have 4 options:  tempura, sugar churros, classic European and S'mores.  Of these, I like the classic European because you have a wider variety of goodies you can dip into chocolate such as cookies, marshmallows, sponge cake, strawberries and bananas. 5/5. . If chocolate is my drug, Max Brenner is my dealer.
It is a chocolate lovers dream. We had the peanut butter sundae and tirimisu. Huge portions and they tasted awesome. Will definitely come back with a larger group to share and to try their breakfast items.
BEST HAPPY HOUR OF MY LIFE.. . I split:. -The white Russian: Kahlua, vodka, and a little vial of hot white chocolate that you dump into the drink after it's served. Garnished with two big marshmallows on a stick.. -Satisfaction Guaranteed: peanut liquor, caramel liquor, and a little vial of hot milk chocolate served in a stemless martini-type glass and chilled atop a cup of crushed ice.. -Mini Philly sliders: shaved rib-eye, cheese, caramelized onions, and roasted pepper mayo on two warm, soft buns.. -Carmelized pecans covered in praline and cocoa powder on the way out the door.. . Everything I ate melted in my mouth, despite being only $6 each. The bartender was also super sweet and friendly, and the presentation of everything blew me away! I'm totally in love with this unique little restaurant and I will be back whenever I'm in Vegas.
Chocolate chocolate and more chocolate!. . I must say I was in heaven when I was here! The highlight of my dessert-only experience was my Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate in a Hug Mug. The ingredients are mixed to perfection and the cup fits so snug in your hand! We also had the chocolate fondue to share and I didn't expect much than the regular chocolate fondue and just some goodies to dip them in but I got some chocolate wafers, strawberries, bananas, marshmallows, more milk chocolate, and so much more!. . You must go and take chocolate lovers with you! Don't let chocolate haters rain on your parade!. . They were out of the ice cream bar I wanted, so I'll definitely be back just to go get that!
The best place to be for a chocolate fiend! . . Their entrees are pretty bomb as well. The bf and I come here often and have yet to be disappointed by any of the main dishes. My recommended dishes are the Brenner burger with kobe beef, the mac and cheese, and surprisingly, the quesadilla.. . My favorite desserts would be the European chocolate fondue (duh!) and  the banana tempura fondue. . . Be sure to stop and buy some chocolate to go on the way out!
i absolutely love max brenner!  if we have guests in town, we take them here.  there aren't many locations across the us, so its a good treat.  the desserts are sooooo yummy!  the savory foods are pretty good too (try the pulled pork sandwhich!!)  if you're visiting, definitely try this spot out!  it's located in the forum shops at ceasars
yummy treats. I went for an event there and was spoiled with champagne and delicious churros and this chocolate thingy (not sure what it was)...everything was stellar, including the service. I am sure that I will make a stop there next time I am in Las Vegas.. If you're a sweets kind of gal/guy - go!
Best pancakes sausage and hot chocolate I have ever had fast and courteous service a must eat destination for chocolate lovers
Brenner burger was cooked perfect and was delicious.
Omg!!! By far the best chocolate place!! Their hazelnut chocolate milk shake is to die for! A must try!!! Love the food here too!!!
They were out of the chocolate cake thing so my bf and I settled for the Banana split waffle. It was delicious!
Absolutely amazing. My mom and I shared an Italian hot chocolate (in the hugmug!) and the sharing fondue and we were overwhelmed by both the quality of the treats and how delicious they were. The hot chocolate alone was worth the stop, so rich and smooth and creamy.  This is definitely a place we'll be coming back to!
I dislike New Yorks often pretentious, show-offy restaurant and food options and was not expecting much from Max Brenner coming from Serendipity outside.. Well, all that hate flew right off me when I smelled the warm, milky chocolate breeze in the air walking in here.. Seriously, I stood and just breathed for a minute, or two.. Then looked at the chocolate being made and wanted to dunk my finger in it so bad (screw it, more like jump in that isch!). Sat and read the menu, drooled, debated on not going out at night and just ordering one of everything on the menu.. No really, one of everything.. The desserts unheard of, the "real" food, also everything and more.. Prices are fair, especially considering you are at Caesars.. I was so overwhealmed and promised the man I would go out drinking with him so I just got some pralines ($1.50 each). He owes me big time for this, as the pralines were just a tease, soooo good but so tiny, this is almost reason enough to drive back to Vegas for!
Good Day! I just wanted to say that my boyfriend and I visited this location last night in Las Vegas at Caesar's Palace. You have an excellent restaurant and we absolutely loved our experience there. We have been out to eat at a lot of nice little places and decided to stop at yours for a quick bite. I was so impressed with the decor, the food presentation (fish tacos). The balance of the food texture was also PERFECT. Our waiter was the best I have had in a while. You really have an asset in him. I believe his name is Juan. We went at 10PM on 4/9 if that helps in case I got the name wrong. Seriously, he is such an ideal employee and server. He knows EVERYTHING about your products and is very proud to be there. I loved the Earl Grey tea and the mechanism that you had for brewing and dispensing it. I would so LOVE to buy one of those for us. All in all, I was very impressed and if there is any reward you can give our server, please do so!. . Many thanks!. . MUST STOP WHILE IN VEGAS AT MAX BRENNERS!
This is my favorite brunch place is Vegas!!! Totally convenience. Cute cafe. Nice presentation. Awesome service. Most important: Delicious food!!!! . I visited here after spending an hour trying to get in Serendipity and they were being a$$.  So glad that I went here instead. We were so hungry that we ordered a bunch of food for two because everything looked so delicious!. Smoked Dry Rubbed Chicken Wings - good portion. big wings. nothing very special. Candes Killer Breakfast Skillet - one of the best skillet I've had yet. The sausage in here was so delicious that I couldn't stop picking from my friend's dish. Very hearty!. Banana Split Waffle - I love the crunchy chocolate that I put on top. waffle is a leige waffle. ice cream is good. grilled banana totally enhanced the taste. Not too crazy about the caramel sauce cause I don't thing that sweet. This dish overall was good. Great dessert!!! . White Chocolate Chai - OMG this is the best Chai Tea ever!!! I love the Chai fragant. Robust but not too bold. the white chocolate gave it a creamy flavor. I craved for this just talking about it! . I can't wait to go back and have more of my Chai Tea and maybe try some other items.
This place is fabulous, who doesn't love chocolate?!  I went during happy hour, which I highly recommend.  They have a pre-dinner and late night happy hour.  I had 2 mojitos which were both good.  I also had a "Satisfaction Guaranteed," which was one of the most delicious chocolate drinks I've had.  It's made of peanut and caramel liqueur, and milk chocolate, served in martini glass.  It essentially tastes like you're drinking a Snickers bar.  I also sampled the works chocolate pizza, which was fabulous!  I never tried breakfast or entrees, but they all sounded delicious.  Make this place a stop during your next trip to Vegas, I know i'll be back!
Don't come here unless you love chocolate, and/or bacon, and are a total glutton.  Check and check for me.  Seriously, this place is so good I tried to kill myself by overindulging and consuming everything within my reach.  The mac&cheese, best I have ever had.  The Hot chocolate, best I have ever had.  The dessert/chocolate pizza, the first I have ever had...and thus the best I have ever had.  This place is pure decadence.  . . My only tip:  wear stretchy pants.
Went here for brunch and it was soo good! I basically got dessert for breakfast-there's no other way to go right? I started off with the White Russian drink since they said it was their most popular so I had to see what all the fuss is about. They add warm white chocolate to their drink which isn't usually done and makes it unique. It also came topped with marshmallows which I thought was cool. It was very tasty! For my entree I got the tutti frutti waffles which were waffles with an assortment of berries on time drizzled in chocolate with syrup and rice krispie type candies on the side. It was amazing! I would recommend this dish to anyone who loves fruit and waffles. . . I want to come back here again because they have a variety of things to choose from. I also heard that their mac and cheese is awesome so I want to come back for dinner. And if I come back for dinner I can sample one of their awesome desserts as well-see you again soon Max Brenner! :)
If you love chocolate then this is the place to eat! We went twice, once for lunch and second time for breakfast. I haven't been disappointed with anything. The cocoa chilli dusted fries are good, chicken pesto sandwich (good portion size) and breakfast their healthy veggie omlet was to die for. Highly recommend coming here ;)
I dream of this place. Seriously. Max Brenner's is reason enough for a trip to Las Vegas. Just the chocolate fountain at the bar is reason enough to come here.. . Chocolate everything! The menu is ridiculously intriguing and I wanted to order one of everything. I ended up getting a crepe (Nutella something or other) which was amazingly good. Hubby had something that came with a sugar biscuit with milk chocolate dipping sauce. OMG. It was one of the best things I've ever had.. . Service was terrific, and really who wouldn't be deliriously happy working in a chocolate restaurant? We stopped by the darling gift shop on the way out and dropped more cash on take home treats (which I pounded down on the plane home).. . Can't wait to come back.
I love Max, he knows how to keep a girl committed ;). . My first time dining here was date night for Valentine's Day. I was so stoked that he planned this because he knows how much I LOVE chocolate. This place is all about the presentation! The ambiance, the displays, and even food presentation!. . We had reservations and were able to get walked in. Our server was prompt and even gave us a few suggestions on the menu. She informed us that we can get complimentary chocolate samples! We both started out with "hug mug" drinks which is basically hot chocolate! At first we opted for the standard hot chocolate, but we ended up loving the white chocolate marshmallow and ordered a second one of those! Be careful with the hug mugs because they get a little hot, but there is a spoon for you to use on the side.. . Honey ordered the Grilled Chicken Panini and he said that it was delicious! I ordered the Mushroom & Ricotta Pizza.. and that's how I discovered that I am not a fan of ricotta. After picking it off, LOL, it was definitely one of the best pizzas I had in a long time! We split their Cookies & Cream Shake and ended the meal with the Classic European Chocolate Fondue. It was the best chocolate fondue this girl has ever had. Beat out the Sugar Factory by far!. . The second time that I ate here was taking a friend out for her birthday! We had ate dinner beforehand so we were just coming for the delicious desserts. She got the S'Mores Concoction which was on an adorable display and I got the OMG Chocolate Chunk Cookies, the dark chocolate. The server explained to us what everything on our cute platter was before we dug in. This was seriously a delicious cookie. It had the right little crunch on the outside and the soft gooiness I love on the inside. It was perfect. I also had chocolate syrup, whipped cream, and minted strawberries as my sides. . . Don't worry Max, as long as you stay good to me.. I'm never leaving you.
My boyfriend surprised me with a date night here. The food and service here was top notch! Our server was very pleasant and knowledgeable. We shared the BALT (BLTA) which was the highlight of the evening! It came with chocolate and chili dusted waffle fries....yum. We also shared the mac & cheese which was also very delicious. We finshed our meal with the strawberry and nutella crepes. All I can say is wow! The combination of fresh sliced strawberries, nutella, and crushed hazelnuts, was awesome. Can't wait to go back!
I was really surprised at how amazing the food was, being a chocolate restaurant I was expecting that just the desserts would be good, but everything we ordered was amazing! The wait time was a little long but totally worth it, plus it gave us plenty of time to enjoy our shakes. :)
choco heaven
Nom nom freaking NOM!  Max Brenner is the stuff of dreams.  We came here for breakfast on Monday morning and I couldn't be happier.  I wanted the best of both worlds, so I asked the server if I could order 1 pancake to go with my omelette - he checked with the kitchen and they agreed so I ordered the Maxi-can omelette (plus chorizo and subbing cheddar) and one chocolate pancake.  Hubs ordered the strawberry waffles.. . THE WAFFLES.  Oh wow...they came with piles of whipped cream and shaved white chocolate on top!  On the side were a strawberry honey sauce that was absolutely diving.  My stomach just growled thinking about it.  There was also a little shot of chocolate sauce on the side...fresh strawberries stopped the 3 small waffles.  Hubs really enjoyed the dish and said everything went together perfectly.. . My omelette was fantastic - it was huge and covered in a really great salsa.  The fried potatoes on the side were insssaaanneee and the sugared biscut was also mind-blowing.  Seriously, it doesn't get any better.  OH WAIT IT DOES - the chocolate pancake!!  This thing was seriously the size of a wheel!!  It was chock full of chocolate, yet it was still crispy on the outside!  I used the chocolate lick that came with my omelette as a topping and it is literally the best pancake I've ever had.  I want to go back to Vegas just for this place.. . Go!!
LOVED this place. We hit their happy hour and enjoyed many outstanding chocolate cocktails and regular cocktails. We also had a couple dishes, both of which were outstanding. It was all very reasonably priced for the quality. I strongly recommend hitting their happy hours.
Honestly I don't understand how people can give this place anything less than 5 stars . Everything I've ever tried here has exceeded my expectations . The menu is appealing , and it's like I'm waking into the world of willy wonka. The seats and stairs look like large pieces of chocolate bars . If your a chocolate lover like I am than this is the restaurant for you ! . . They have chocolate incorporated even in the main menu, not in a nasty way . But max brenner found a way to make the flavors mesh well with chocolate. They also have a happy hour only at the bar where a certain selection of their foods is only $6 . . Go to max brenner if your ever in Vegas ! You won't regret it .
This place brings out your inner child. It's truly an experience within an experience. It's best to share an entree and go crazy on the desserts. We split the Kobe burger whichwas incredible and the waffle fries reminded me of my childhood. We were in a big group so when we ordered dessert we literally order EVERYTHING. My favorite was the chocolate pizza and the smore's. I have a feeling they add addictive substances to their food. It's sublime.
Love at first bite! My friend and I were visiting Vegas this past weekend and decided to try this place out before making the long drive home. I was prepared for a long winding way through the Forum Shops but it was really easy to locate. We were seated quickly and our waitress came right up. I ordered the turkey savory waffle sandwich and my friend as the asian chicken salad. She said she really liked her salad but I can tell you, that my sandwich was SO GOOD. Turkey, lettuce, bacon, avacado and some real yummy sauce. We each ordered a dessert so we could try a little of each. My friend ordered the deep fudge chocolate cake (sadly, they were out of our first request - the truffle heart cake - at 12:30 pm though??) and I ordered the banana split waffle. The cake was very rich but luckily it was served with a small scoop of ice cream. I looooove chocolate and I loved every bite but there was no way I could finish my half of this cake. Next came out the banana split waffle (yes, I felt like a glutton at this point but who cares?? It's vacation. My trainer wasn't very happy with me when I gave him that excuse.) That waffle was the best part of the whole meal. Served with a shot sized amount of choclate ganache and chocolate waffer balls was the perfect balance between the waffle, bananas, ice cream and rice krispies. I loved everything about this place except our waitress. She seemed distracted and forgot that we had ordered the waffle along with the cake. But hey - everyone has off days! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
The chocolate fondue is amazing here but really surprised me is their brunch is actually delicious. I started my meal with the salmon bagel plate, which was delicious. I've also had their asian salad here, which is also really good. Of course, I ended the meal with chocolate fondue, make sure you get a selection with marshmellows, it's so good when it's a little toasted in some melted chocolate.
best hazelnut milkshake everrr!!!!!!! . so fcking rich, flavorful, heavenly etc. . i could drink it every day . if you do not get this, you will regret it forever. . ahhh i want to go back.
Oh Max, you had me at hello.. . Let me preface this bysaying I'm not a huge chocolate fan. So given that, the fact that I was still blown away by the offerings here - says everything.. . On our final night in Vegas, my guy and I ventured in for a late-night dinner and drinks. Located conveniently inside Caesar's Palace (we stayed at Nobu Hotel), this was stumbling distance back to our suite - perfect.. . We started with a pair of the signature chocolate martinis. Picture the most perfect milk chocolate ganache, a hefty swig of premium vodka, and a dusting of chocolate powder...all perfectly poured into a sizable martini glass and topped with a ripe, chocolate-dipped strawberry skewer. Pure bliss, I tell you. The smoothness of all ingredients mingled together perfectly. We hardly needed dinner after these babies!. . Dinner, however, also did not disappoint. A bacon burger for him, a grilled chicken panini for me - and we were set! The accompanying waffle-cut fries were a great touch. We were officially stuffed and ready to roll out (literally).. . But then I saw it: A marshmallow-topped, white chocolate ganache white russian. Yes, I had to have it. It came out with a side of liquid white chocolate ganache which we drizzled into the perfect cocktail to our heart's content. (This drink was also amazing.) . . Key takeaways: Go here for a chocolate martini, even if you aren't a dessert person or a chocolate lover! Stay for some food (you'll need it), then split another beverage or two. If you're a fan of White Russians, do not pass up the opportunity to get one here. . . Regardless of what you choose, you will want to try everything on the menu! On our next visit, I'm hittin' this place up for a chocolate-covered brunch. O.M.G.
Get your seats reserved online with open table.   Easier and faster than at the door.  If you like chocolate then you will love this restaurant.
Having left disappointed from Serendipity I entered "Chocolate" into yelp. Me and some friends found this place and where not disappointed. . . The food is great the chocolate is amazing and I will make this a regular breakfast stop while in Vegas. The price was a pleasant surprise. . . All of there chocolate drinks we had were outstanding.
I love this place. Every person at the table fell in love with their dish. I had the skirt sliced steak panini. Craze amaze!! Shakes were so smooth. Service was awesome. I loved this place!!
My wife and I had breakfast here and the service plus people watching was the best.  Their chocolate dipping sauce (served with breakfast) is AWESOME.  The staff was attentive to building my breakfast as requested and delivered in a timely manner and with friendliness. I highly recommend this locale for breakfast or anytime.
Our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, sadly seldom ever busy though. Cheesecake Factory (also in the the Forum Shops) is always super busy, but even there already great desserts (I love cheesecake) can't compare to Max Brenner. Brenner's might be a little bit more - but def worth a visit, especially if you're a tourist.
Such a pleasant place. . Really really amazing service from the man behind the bar, where we ate dinner. . I got the chicken panini, chocolate and Nutella milkshake, and the churro fondue. . I definitely suggest going out there and enjoying what they have to offer. . I will be back!
From the moment you walk in Max Brenner smells AMAZING. We sat at the bar because we were in a hurry to get to a show. Our server Sean was very knowledgable in the questions we asked. He was very friendly and understood we were in a hurry but he wasn't rushing us in any way. We would definitely go here again and ask for Sean again.
I had breakfast here and I LOVED IT!!!. . The ambience is so cartooney and cute, I love how they had quotes all over the restaurant- even on what the bill came in! The Nutella and strawberry crepe was delicious- it had little pieces of burnt sugar in it which gave the crepe such a perfect crunch & the huevos rancheros sunrise burrito was great as well, the sauces it came with definitely paired well with the burrito and potatoes.. . LOVE LOVE LOVE! Can't wait to eat at Max Brenner again!
Can't get enough white chocolate
Came here with my friend a couple of weeks ago for desert and drinks! I must say everything we had was soooo tasty!! the chocolate martini was to die for delicious!! desert was amazing! Bravo!
Love Max Brenner!! We had our wedding reception dinner in the upstairs room here a year ago and it was a blast! We decided to go back to Vegas for our 1 yr anniversary and of course had to eat at Max Brenner's again. We loved it just as much this time. Great food, service and fun atmosphere. This time we ordered breakfast and had the BEST homemade biscuits we have ever had!!!! You can't go wrong here
This place reminds me of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.  Soooo muchchocolate here.  My friend got the hot chocolate which was so thick!  It's served in these really cute cups that require you to "hug" the cups to drink it.  . . We came here for breakfast, so I got the 'Max'ican Omelet.  It was really good.  It had slices of avocado in it.  It came with a sugared biscuit w/ butter and chocolate spread.  . . I liked this place!  I would come back here again.
Very please with this place! I came for breakfast AND lunch in the same day. I was very happy with their breakfast bagel with salmon- the only thing I was not happy about was my mimosa. The first glass was poured with flat champagne, and when I asked for another they seemed a tad annoyed, but the second glass was perfect. Keep in mind though, it was not worth $12.95, I'm used to getting bottomless mimosas for this price for where I live... I would go for the food, not drinks.. . Other than that, I recommend going! The food prices seem very decent for the amount of food you get. My boyfriend go the huge goblet of yogurt and granola, and the other dishes we saw across from us were giant. The desserts were delicious as well :) It's very Parisian-like with chocolate decor, very adorable!
It was so good we had to come back again the next day for desserts. Food lover like us it totally made our trip to vegas even better. . . Its located inside the forum shops where I have never been to, so it was fun walking and touring inside. . . Getting to max brenners, we got there overly excited from looking at yelp pics all week, and all the food did not dissappoint! We started our food marathon with all of their hot chocolate drinks, one stood out was the white hot chocolate and the salted caramel shake. It was unbelievable. Then we all tried the yelp recommendations for the main dishes. Burrito was delicious, the pancakes though were nothing special. Not as chocolate-y as I was expecting and very dense for pancakes.. . Came back the next day for desserts, and had twice the fun. All of them are good, although ordering all of the fondue was overkill, they were all still mighty good. Had the churros fondue, very small servings for the desserts btw but still good. . . Def waiting on coming back here again.
Ahh!! Okay, so I was a bit skeptical to go here just because they are known for their desserts and chocolate, which I am not a big fan of. Maribel T. had made reservations at 11:00 to meet up with her BFF one last time before we head back to Cali. We came here on a Saturday morning and they were pretty busy. I got the cream cheese with bacon and tomato bagel.Loved it, I mean you can't really mess that up, right? Maribel's sister ordered some waffle fries, I had a few and dipped it with the dipping sauce it came with and it was soo freaking delish, Yumm Yum-Yum! Loved it!! (forget about ranch!). . After having our entrees, we got the dessert menu. Maribel T. and her sister ordered the Chocolate Pizza with the works and banana waffle. i really didn't want to try the Chocolate Pizza because it was topped with marshmallows and I hate marshmallows, BUT for some reason I kept eating it. There was something about the Chocolate Pizza, it might have been the hazelnut bits and/or the peanut butter that mixed well with the marshmallows. Yummy Yum-Yum! The banana waffle was just as delish! Maribel T. and I also tried their double machiatto served in their kangaroo cup, my was it strong. haha! . . They also have a small little gift shop where you can purchase their mugs, cups, etc. This place is located in the forum shop across from H&M.
Yum! I have been here 3 times and everything I have had has been great (breakfast, dessert, hot chocolate).
IN LOVE! Max Brenner was so unbelievably good. I definitely recommend the spinach/artichoke dip or the onion rings as an appetizer, and for an entree I recommend the Brenner Burger. It was so good! The barbecue sauce they use is great. And their waffle fries are pretty much the best fries I've ever tasted. The milkshakes my fiance and I had we're also BY FAR the best milkshakes we've ever had. I had the chocolate hazelnut milkshakes and my fiance had the salted caramel milkshake. Our waitress was also very friendly and explained to us the story behind the 'Alice' cup. This place is in my top 5 places to eat. I love it.
Don't know where to begin... If I could give Max Brenner 10 stars... I'd give them 11! :P They are magnifique! My husband had a delicious classic mojito packed with lots of fresh mint leaves, yum! And I had one of their famous Alice in Wonderland milkshakes! Best. Milkshake. I've. Ever. Had. 'nuff said.. . We also shared the Fondue for Two... *drooool* Their chocolate is soooo good... I want to say it was the best chocolate I've ever had =x Everything was beautifully presented and so delicious! We'll definitely be back whenever we're in Vegas!! :D
Chocolate is the name, eating it is the game. Love this place, the supervisor even checked on us, and the food was marvelous! Me and my other counter part enjoyed the brunch/breakfast and we really enjoyed it. Everything is a chocolate theme.. . The coco is lovely and just a classic type of chocolate. . . The candy shop tied to the restaurant is just as awesome with the pecan encrusted nuts treats. We even bought some to fly home with us because we could not get enough.. . Great food great treats and snacks, a spot I wouldn't pass up on your visit.
Chocolate Heaven with a capital H.. . I don't even know where to start. This place is great for so many reasons. . . First, forget the chocolate obsession - we will get back to that in a second. Max Brenner actually serves really delicious brunch/lunch food.   I was surprised to see such an extensive menu, sure to please any craving (both sweet and savory)!  I had their BLT with house-made fries and everything was just so perfectly executed, and  so generous in portion. My friends shared a goat cheese scramble of some sort, which was also very tasty.. . Ok let's talk chocolate. Holy Shit. Here chocolate comes in every form, shape, size, color. It can be a drink, a cocktail, an appetizer, your entree, your dessert, or all of the above.  Since we were in Vegas, we could not skip the alcoholic part of the menu. I got the Mocha Madness which came with little biscotti type cookies and it was delightful. Usually chocolate & liquor drinks tend to hurt my stomach but this was not too heavy.  My friend got the non-alcoholic hot chocolate served in a special "hug mug" (yes it's soo cute) and it was so rich and decadent and rich and decadent and rich (did I say that already?). Borderline indescribable. We could not stop drinking it. Wow. A must order!  My friends also split the Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes. Ya, the name kind of says it all so I'll let your imagination do the rest. It was so so good.. . I think the icing on the cake was our superb waiter. He was so patient as we got lost in the menu, accommodating to our many requests, and gave us amazing recommendations. Although as far as I'm concerned, it seems you can't go wrong with any item with a Max Brenner stamp. . . I don't usually consider Vegas a very romantic place (I'm more of the clubbing and pool lounging type) but I would come here with my fiance just so we can have a Max Brenner foodgasm together and then go comatose by the pool. True story.
Fabulous service and $6 happy hour on Saturday. Just died and went to chocolate heaven!
Bring the insulin because you're going to need it. We came for evening dessert happy hour which was 9pm till close I believe. Everything was pretty good. From their chocolate cocktails (Satisfaction Guaranteed is BOMB!!) to their chocolate pizza to their cholataley sundae, I died. There was nothing especially novel except the pizza, that was a first for me, but what they did, they did VERY well and they had EXCEPTIONAL presentation on their items. The happy hour prices were really good and included savory items as well. The ambiance was nice and relaxed and it'd be a perrrrfect date spot. It has a full cafe inside as well.  I can't wait to come back and try their savory itemsthen proceed to getting CHOCOLATE WAAAAASTED!!!
5 Stars for the Salted Caramel Shake! It was so good I went back twice before heading home. I also had the Salmon Bagel which wasn't too bad, but the Salted Caramel Shake makes up for everything they lack.
OMG this was a great choice on my behalf - and it didn't hurt that they take OpenTable reservations!  . . The restaurant is really nicely decorated and it has a warm cozy feel to it - even the restroom was nice!. . Our waitress, Brenda was very friendly and delivered great service! She was totally on top of everything and kept checking in on us as we had a lazy lunch.. . My BF had one of their waffle sandwiches that had turkey, bacon, & avocado - which was actually very delicious (of course I had to sample!) and I had the Huevos Rancheros Breakfast Burrito that was just as tasty!. . We didn't try any of their specialty chocolate/dessert based drinks. But we did stop by their gift shop (we got a 10% off coupon) and I bought a few gifts for friends.
This place is fantastic. Food is great the service was amazing. Overall a great experience
Great
Chocolate lover's paradise! INSIDE THE FORUM SHOPS! Just want to help anyone looking; the Caesar's staff didn't know where it was and the map shows it's on the strip. Had a double chocolate cookie and chocolate hazelnut shake. Overdose! Found my new "go to" place! Used to be Sugar Factory until they changed owners and their food went downhill!
Ive been wanting to try Max Brenner for quite awhile now and there are no California locations so I decided to try the Las Vegas location since I was in town. I made a reservation online because I wasn't sure if there was going to be a long wait. To my surprise it wasn't crowded at all but it was fine. I got seated 30 minutes before my actual reservation. My sister and I ordered the salted caramel shake, chocolate hazelnut shake, chocolate chunks pizza, and the waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder. Everything was on point! 100% service and food! I came back the next day just to order a shake for the road. Kind of pricey but be aware of happy hour!
Best place to eat on a Sunday morning before you leave Las Vegas and head home. Melt in your mouth food and flavors that are worth the wait. Can't wait to go back again.
One if my favorite restaurants and by far favorite dessert place. I know max brenner from israel, but their branch in Vegas is even better!. . Took the mac n cheese and my wife took penne Alfredo. Both were amazing. . . Also took cocoa and chili dusted waffle fries. Even more amazing.
Husband and I shared the Mac n Chz and Chicken salad...both really good!. Finished with the chocolate heart cake and Salted Caramel shake...best meal in Vegas this far!
Omg this place was so good. We had four orders and all were amazing.. We ordered a pizza flatbread, the veggie burger, the mozzarella panini and a Mexican omelet. The food blew me away. All were great. . My omelet came with potatoes and a biscuit and dipping chocolate.. What a fantastic combo! The omelet itself was among the best I've ordered. After that, the biscuit with the chocolate to go with was just a wonderful way to conclude the meal. We licked the chocolate clean.. The cappuccino I ordered was fantastic too.. The only thing I found a little disappointing was the hot chocolate. I ordered the salted carmel hot chocolate, and it was just a little too weak for my taste. It was still really good, just more milky than I was expecting... and i was expecting (perhaps unfairly) a decadent thick almost-liquid-chocolate type goodness...and this wasn't that. It was a milky hot chocolate. . Finally, fellow vegetarians out there :), this place has a decent number of vegetarian options! And best of all, they are all scrumptiously good.
A chocolate lovers dream!! This place is amazing!! Great service too! We had the chocolate, chocolate, chocolate pancakes and the brenner burger both outstanding.
Fairly pricey, but what do you expect it is Vegas! For was very unique and flavorful!
Chocolate and alcohol has never sat well with me. It may be from my unpleasant encounter with chocolate wine. Max Brenner definitely knows the right mix. My friend and I came 30 minute before happy hour, right in time. My friend got a chocolate martini called satisfaction and I got a chai tea infused with white chocolate ganache. . The chocolatini was actually really good. If had a thicker consistency, kind of like a lighter milk shake. . The chai tea was awesome too. They put if in a tea thing that you put on top of of the cup for the drink to come out. It was a lot more flavorful than other chai teas I usually get. If this wasn't in Caesars I would come here for a good chai.. . I forsure want to come back and try some other stuff.
Whenever im in vegas I go here. This place is an amazing desert place if you have a very sweet tooth and im addicted to sugar like a walter white to his craft! We tried some new desert pasta this time around thinking it was daring; NOPE it was great, just dont forget to add some dark chocolate crunch things (forgot the name)
wow wow wow!  this place is good.  we were walking around in a group of 5 looking for a spot to eat and just happen to walk into ceasers.  Had no idea where to go and my girl said hey that looks good.  It said chocolate so she said it looks good.  At first you think its a chocolate factory but its more then that.  It serves lunch.  . . I ordered the kobe burger, my girl went for the waffles, buddie went for the hangover omelete, and pops got the breakfast skillet.  The kobe burger was outstanding.  I mean OUTSTANDING! so juicy, so perfect.  oh my goodness i want it again!  The waffles were also very good.  I couldnt help but take a bite.  The whip cream was amazing.  The breakfast skillet was also very good.  The omelete i was told was perfect and the name the hang over omelete was the perfect name for it.  . . This place is not cheap but the food was outstanding! Worth every penny.
Amazing
OMG!  This place is AMAZING!  A restaurant dedicated to chocolate!  My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!  I started with the burger (yum!) and then had the 80's milkshake (double yum!).  There's so much more on the menu that I can't wait to try.  I'm definitely coming back and with a bigger stomach!
I love the hot chocolate! The mug itself is unique, which adds a bit of fun while drinking.. . The smokey dry rubbed chicken wings also have some additions to the usual taste you get from a regular restaurant, which makes the taste unforgettably good!
The best shake I ever had!!! A mixture of white chocolate and starwberrys in a really cute cup. The bbq wings are amazing and the crepes are fantastic. Great p lace and reasonable price. Everything chocolate....amazing
I have eaten her many times over the years and it never disappoints. Vegas or New York locations are awesome, of course New York wins because well it's New York. . . As far as food the Chubby Turkey club is my go to. Deserts in order 1) Hazel nut crepe 2) Melting Chocolate Heart 3) Banana split waffle.  . . Also anything served in a hug mug is a must. My go to is the dark chocolate mocha latte.
One of the best places for dessert and chocolate, dark chocolate, and more chocolate! . . I'm a regular here and have been going since it opened in Caesars Palace. . . Most if not all of their desserts are really good. . . The Italian Thick Hot chocolate (dark chocolate with Vanilla cream; you have a choice of milk or dark). It's pure decadent dark smooth thick goodness...  Mmmmm, warmth and comfort served in a cute hug mug!  (It's like a warm melted fudge beverage)   not only does it warm you up on the inside but warms up your hands as well . . Chocolate Chunks Pizza -order "the Works." Topped with melted milk and white chocolate chunks, crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter or roasted marshmallows  marshmallow. All the ingredients compliment each other and yet still showcases the chocolates; the pralines add great texture and crunch, roasted marshmallows are a great gooey addition to each bite!. . The Euphoria Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge Sundae. "deep chocolate peanut butter ice cream, dulce de leche ice cream, caramelized toffee bananas, spiced peanuts and pure chocolate chunks topped with whipped cream and crunchy hazelnut bits. served with warm chocolate peanut butter and very pure milk chocolate ganache." The Warm peanut butter, melted chocolate chunks and the crunch from the hazelnut bits result in a spoonful of excitement and flavor!. . And as I've said before, most of their dessert items are awesome, like their waffles (Banana Split Waffle is the best choice), fondues with their own Chocolates (dark or milk), crepes, and so on . . This is definitely a must try!. I never get tired of this place! . CHOCOLATE! CHOCOLATE! CHOCOLATE
Yum! Yum! Yummy! Yum and yummy!!  The best breakfast and Mexican Hot Chocolate I have ever had!!!! This place was soooo amazing we back tracked to have it again the next day!! The first day I had a milk chocolate Mexican Hot Chocolate and the 2nd day I had the White Chocolate Mexican Hot  Chocolate...Oh my goodness...delicious!! Seriously, so rich and yummy.  The food was just downright amazing. It is hard to describe something that tastes soo good. The wait staff were extremely gracious and the manager even came to our table just to see how we were enjoying our experience! They have a chocolate shop within the restaurant so we went by to look and they had these caramel pecan candies dusted in chocolate  powder to sample that were AMAZING!!!!! So, so, so good! I want to eat here again and again! I had the breakfast skillet and everything was cooked to perfection. It wasn't greasy, all the ingredients tasted fresh and the diamond dusted biscuit with chocolate sauce is heavenly!!! DIVINE! I mean, DIVINE! One of the most amazing meals I've had to date!
I went during Happy Hour, they have many items for $6 during their Happy Hour.. I ordered 80s milkshake and a chocolate pizza ($6). The milkshake was AMAZING and the chocolate pizza was a very nice dessert.. I guess since I am a BIG chocolate fan there is no way I don't give 5 star for this place.. If you like chocolate, you MUST go try this place while you are in Vegas!
One of the best dessert places I ever tried  (to be precise they have more options but I only tried the desserts). Tried espresso hot chocolate; chocolate pizza; hazelnut crepe; fondue. All of them delicious. Ambience is great. Would love to try other different items from their menu soon.
The pure chocolate granita is a chocoholic's wet dream (although to be honest, this whole place pretty much is). The food's not bad, although maybe a little overpriced especially since the portions are a little small. The highlight here is really their desserts and drinks though. If you're coming here just to eat food, you're really doing yourself a disservice. On a couple of other notes, the chocolate pizza is amazing and something I could see myself snacking on in the middle of the night if I had the resources for it.. Also, although I personally can't stand bananas, my friend reallyreally liked her banana tempura fondue dessert as well. . . Happy Hour is from 3-6pm, and you can get smaller portions of some of their desserts (including the chocolate pizza and banana tempura) which is perfect if you're only going by yourself or with a friend!
What isn't there to love about chocolate? If you've got a sweet tooth like mine, nothing. White chocolate, dark chocolate, milk chocolate and chocolate with all kinds of extras....I've seldom met a chocolate I didn't like.. . Max Brenner is serious about chocolate, serving his delicacies in ergonomic mugs molded to be held for maximum enjoyment and coffee cups with kangaroo pouches for chocolate. He even serves his French Fries with chocolate. That is my kind of guy!. . Our tummies were rumbling for savory food, so we started with macaroni and cheese and a pulled pork sandwich before diving in for dessert. The portions of both were generous and both were delicious. The mac and cheese is served with bacon and tomato and has the perfect crusty, crumbly layer on top. The pulled pork had a barbeque sauce that was just the right amount of sweet and the chili chocolate fries were the icing on the cake. Knowing that we were going to order copious amounts of dessert, we cut ourselves off early and ended up saving leftovers for lunch the next day. This was easy to do as the portions were large.. . We had the fondue for dessert and it came with two choices of chocolate as well as caramel. We had been debating between traditional fondue and the option that included graham crackers for smores, so our server suggested adding graham crackers and voila, the best of both worlds!. . We literally loved the white chocolate to the point that my husband actually scooped it out of the fondue pot and ate it solo, and the caramel in the middle made for perfect pairings with the fondue accompaniments (marshmallows, strawberries, bananas, brownies, chocolate chip cookies, etc.). I have to say that if he hadn't scooped up the last morsels, I probably would have!. . Max Brenner's story is fun (read it on the menus), the decor is whimsical and the food is great. It's definitely worth a stop, whether or not you have a sweet tooth, and will definitely earn you "brownie points" (Ba-dum-ching) if you happen to treat a friend or loved one who has one!
Awesome happy hour!  $6 cocktails from 3-6p and 9p-close.  This seems to be mon- fri for sure and weekends during the slower times of year.  The happy hour list has been cut down to fewer offerings than on my last review but still has 6 cocktails plus select beer ($4) and wine on special.  3 of the cocktails are chocolatey so there are even more options as you can choose white, milk, or dark chocolate options.  The snacks are great and enough to share if you aren't starving or have a crazy sweet tooth.  We got the 80s shake from the regular menu and 3 cocktails, the smoky corn croquettes which were good but the smoked paprika ruined my chocolate palette, the cheese pizza which was bigger than expected, and the trout banana fondue.  So 6 happy hour things and 1 of the ref menu for $43.  I only come here for happy hour because I'm cheap.  Staff was really attentive and even let us have happy hour at a table instead of the barrio since it was busy.  We usually have our teen sit at a 2 top close by and we sit at the bar and carry good back and forth.  He's happy becauSe he's eating amazingly chocolatey goodness without his mom and I'm happy because he's stuffing his face for cheap.  Growing boys and all that.  My bf and I still get time to ourselves, also with awesome sweets, and for a pretty penny.  The best part is that once you Re hopped up on sugar, you can go to the 3 story h&m across the way and get even more deals with the money you saved!  We aren't gamblers, so, for me, this IS the best part of Vegas.  I do Lobster ME and the Betty Paige store a different day.  Same results.
Every time I make a stop at Max Brenner's my heart goes pitter pat. And we're not talking about chocolate! I am a big fan of their food! The last couple years I would get the Asian Chicken salad, which was a sleeper hit recently removed from the menu (DOH!) so when I went in yesterday to find it gone I had to make some new decisions - omelet and side salad. This place does not disappoint. The lime vinaigrette salad dressing on the side salad was amazing and the "no guilt" omelet was fantastic as well. This place isn't just for choco-holics! . . Also, our server was fantastic. She was totally looking out for us and since my friend and I had colds she worked us up some hot toddies that weren't on the menu and came in a lovely presentation that helped us forget the sore throat on our Vegas trip. Three cheers for great servers.
Fun and delicious!
Max Brenners was totally worth wondering around forever to find.  I love dessert a lot and enjoyedmy dessert sampler.  I got the chicken stays for protein satisfaction first then followed it with the chocolate sampler, holy smokes was. It yummy each treat was delicious on it one and then together was even better.
I think this is what heaven smells like. This place is amazing. Kali is an awesome waitress! Their special BBQ sauce=impeccable. The waffle fries were spectacular. I'm STUFFED. My friend and I are going to gamble to walk it off and come back for dessert later today. Highly recommend!!
Everyone MUST check Max Brenner out when you're in Vegas!!! I'd imagine this is what food in heaven tastes like :) They're not just about the deliciousness of their food,  but also about the presentation! Everything is fairly decently priced and absolutely delicious! This is a great place for dessert and brunch. I definitely recommend trying their waffles (any flavor is a wonderful choice) and their milkshakes! . . Great service + great food= 5 freakin stars!
The savory food are as good as the chocolate desserts. The mushroom ricotta is good for sharing. I find the alice cold chocolate drink sweeter than the hot chocolate, especially the salted caramel flavor. I tried this restaurants in three locations, las vegas and new york and boston. This one has the less decor, not the laboratory style of New York, but definitely give it a try. The crepes are the lightest dessert if you find all the chocolare overwhelming.
We stayed at Nobu in Caesar's Palace and we were in the mood for hot chocolate.  A quick Yelp search and thanks to all the positive reviews we gave this place a try. So glad that we did!  We had the Mexican spiced hot chocolate... both the milk chocolate and dark chocolate.  FANTASTIC!   About 1/2 way through we decided to give the OMG chocolate chip cookie a try.. . My wife didn't know the name when I ordered it ... the first bite... she said OH MY GOD this is a great cookie LOL!  With the berries, cream, and chocolate sauce... it's pretty amazing. . . We loved it so much... we went back to the restaurant a second time.  I had the steak sandwich and she had the goat cheese waffle salad.  Both we great! . . So... if you are looking for a chocolate fix, this is a great place to visit.  If you want a nice, affordable meal, give it a shot. . . We give it 5 stars... great experience both times.
Came here for a second time because I just couldn't leave Vegas without visiting MB again! . . Tried the White Chocolate Chai, fondue for 2, and had some sips of the White Russian and Chocolate Martini ... needless to say, MMMmm..... . I especially loved the quirky contraption for the Chai, where you would put the pot on top of the glass and press down to drip the chai into the glass. It was delicious, more on the sweet side though, but probably one of the best Chai's I've ever had. . . the White Russian and Chocolate Martini were both tasty but not that memorable for me.. . There's two types of fondue, one where there's more items to dip and one where there's more than one tub of chocolate. I personally like the fondue with more items to dip and just ordered an extra tub of chocolate for $4.50 Wish there was more marshmallows to dip because those are my favorite!! Expect an assortment of chocolates, wafers, fruits, and this waffle ice cream thing. So so sweet, in a good way :). . This place isn't cheap, as you would expect from the fact that it's on the strip, in Caesar. But it's worth it, come with friends, it's so tasty!
