awsome..!!
Very clean casino...pool is nice and well maintained,,,all the staff members were very helpful too...
My husband and I went to Vegas for our honeymoon and Priceline'd Treasure Island.  I was happy with the location, but wasn't sure how we would like it based on reviews and the resort fee.  However, once we got there, checked in, did the $20 sandwich, we were SO impressed!  We got a panaromic view room on the 31st floor with a view of the Sirens show - the room was AMAZING!  We've never stayed in such a nice room.  They also threw in complimentary champagne, which was quite nice.. . Service was also excellent, as when we needed a new iron and when we ordered the champagne, everything was brought up very quickly.. . The bed was very comfy, the room spacious, and the bathroom very modern.  We were definitely very impressed with TI and would totally stay there again!
Really enjoyed my stay at the Treasure Island hotel.. . At first i wasn't expecting much of the hotel, i'm not sure why, even though i read it is a AAA 4 diamond rated hotel some of the pictures online made it seem only decent, and some reviews confirmed the hotel was like that too. . . But when i actually go there, it was a whole different story. From check-in to check-out we had a great time. The staff throughout the hotel is always courteous and friendly. It's rare for me to stay at a hotel like this and get great customer service throughout my entire stay. . . Gotta say, the rooms at TI are really good. The decor was modern and upgraded, and the room was very clean. I liked that the bathroom was also not only clean, but is designed nicely and comes with toiletries branded with TI's spa name. The fact that you get a "massage soap" is pretty nice too :D But the room is definitely the thing i loved the most about this hotel. The bed was really clean and just super soft pillows and comforter. Felt great knocking out on it after a good night of partying at Tao.  There are some things i didn't like though, the TV was kinda small. Although it had a decent amount of channels to watch, it was probably around 27" which is a little small for such a nicely upgraded room....but then again when your in Vegas your not there to watch TV are you? Another thing i didn't like was there's no in room fridge, it would have been nice to have one. I didn't see that you could add it anywhere either, i'm not sure if the hotel has the option to add one to your room either.  I also didn't like that the resort fee was nearly $25 but with it you get a $20 credit for your next stay and free Wifi, plus access to some other stuff at the hotel, so the resort fee more than makes up for itself considering you get that $20 credit and Wifi is i believe ~$15 a day.  Btw the Wifi at TI is pretty damn fast for a hotel wifi, i'm a techie so i did a speedtest, 9Mbps down, 2Mbps up, maybe my room was just in a good spot, but its much better than any other Hotel i've stayed at on the strip so far. . . Sirens of TI was a great little show too. I enjoyed it, if you want to watch it make sure you get there at least 30 mins before the show starts. You'll already see everyone trying to find a good spot around that time. Hotel guests get "VIP Seating" to the show, i thought that was nice, although i didn't end up using this cuz i watched the show as a last minute thing instead. lol. It doesn't last long, definitely not more than half an hour, but its entertaining. . . The Casino inside the hotel is pretty good as well, not crowded and its one of the better ones if your like me and don't like inhaling huge amounts of second hand smoke every time you come to step into a Vegas casino. There's a lot of staff on hand if you have any issues/questions too. . . Other things i liked about the hotels are the location of course, its right on the strip not far from the big hotels you probably wanna hang out at. There's also the free tram to Mirage, which makes it much easier to get around and cuts down a good amount on walking if your heading that way. Restaurants are really good at TI too, the Coffee Shop is my favorite, don't let the name fool you, its much more than a coffee shop, they serve Mexican food and some kick-ass burgers too! . . All in all, i had a great stay at TI and TI is on my top 3 list for Vegas hotels now, right next to Venetian and Wynn/Encore. TI might not be as "flashy" as Venetian or Wynn/Encore, but its pretty affordable and you get a great room with great service that's right on the strip!
Clean rooms. We stayed in the Tower Suite and everything was great :) except for the fact that our TV was too small. Room service sucked, called down to ask for toilet paper and towels. Only brought us towels (we forgot we wanted toilet paper also). Called down again the next day and asked for toilet paper, took over an hr. . . What the point of having a jacuzzi if it doesn't work? . . Champagne on the house because there were miscommunication about how many days we planned to stay. . . Will be staying here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
Treasure Island is always my first choice hotel to stay in. So clean and fresh feeling.
If you ever stay in treasure island try to stay in one of their suite.. it's really nice.. I stayed at their premier one bedroom suite which is over 1300 sq ft. with 2.5 bathroom.. the view is amazing, able to see all the action on the strip.. the location of treasure island is really good if you like shopping.. Right next to the fashion show (my favorite mall!). you can find good deal by booking directly from TI's website.
The only reason why i give this place a 5 star rating is cause they hooked my ass up! . . Went on expedia.com to pay for a cheap ass room for sunday night, checked in and what do you know..i majestically get an upgrade to palozzoo suite (master suite)...all for under $80 without that vegas $20 trick bs.. . I knew something was terribly fishy as i walk to my room door and realize that it was a double door as oppose to a single door. Talk about BALLIN!!!! anyways this hotel isn't bad. it's really not an upscale type like cosmo, encore, bellagio, etc..but for a room upgraded to a suite, you can't beat that!!!
The Show has changed with the boats. Not really family oriented but Hey its Vegas get used to it. The Hotel rooms are nice and spacious. The Alarm clocks have Ipod docks. Flat screen tv nice furniture and desks. . Even includes a wall safe. . As for the Slot Machines i always stick to the penny slots with the bonus of Mr Penny or whatever its called. Cant go wrong with that. Very Helpful staff with checking your bags once you checked out. And great shuttle service to the Las Vegas Motorspeedway.
this place was not bad at all i didn't like the fact that they do not have your room key as security to get into the elevator which means they have an actual person randomly ask if u have your key which is retarded but my uncle won about 20,000 last year so our entire stay was comped including food plus not too far away was cool stuff to do would definitely stay here again
OK, it sure helps when you're winning, but consider this:. . For some reason, I'm comp'ed here.  I think they have me confused for someone else, but I do play at the $10 tables and run a Martingale - can bet up to $80.  So the room is free and the food/drinks are all inclusive.  Can't beat that.. . When we checked in at 10:30 PM, my wife asked for a high level.  We got put onto floor 30 with a view of the Strip.  That was excellent and unexpected with such a late check in.. . There's a Gilley's and a Kahunaville that we went to.  The Gilley's was a lot of fun: the Stephanie Eason band was playing and they were doing a pretty excellent set of Miranda Lambert, so it was easy to get into.. . Then, at the Craps table, I ran into a unique experience.  I was making regular bets of come and then odds.  Then I am leaving the odds working for the come out roll.  Anyhow, I'm excited (high fives and such) about winning the last point (a 6) and I forgot the odds bet on the 6, much less having it work.  So the come out roll is... a 6.  I should have been a winner if I kept doing what I was doing.  But then, a twilight zone moment occurs and the dealer to my left kind of leans forward, about to pay me off but there's no bet, when he says, "well, he MEANT to bet it.  Hold up!  The player over here has been making the same bet all afternoon and he would have bet the six and had the odds working."  There's a brief discussion, not too long and boom - here comes $34 my way, for THE BET I WOULD HAVE MADE.  . . I have never been paid fora bet I never made before.  But I tip the dealers in craps which is rare.  (how come nobody does - these guys have special brains being able to keep track of 10 different peoples' bets at once).  Anyhow, I tip even more afterwards, about another $15.  The boxman, who has a sense of humor, says "so you got your little quid-pro-quo going again I see, Charlie" and we keep rolling winners.  Fun group - like rolling with your buddies.. . Last story, I sent in my sports book tickets in the mail.  A day later, the local post office sends back a shred of the envelope with a message "sorry, your mail was damaged".  Well, I thought the mail was swiped.  I google on line for advice and one person says, "well if you know the hotel exec, you might have a 0.1% chance of getting paid.   In a desperate moment, I call the Treasure Island accounting department anyway and Dena, the best employee of all time, takes the run down from me, puts a stop payment on the mailed in tickets so that no one will cash them and makes the arrangements to meet with her boss to pay off based on an electronic scanned copy of the winning tickets!  Turns out this is not needed; a day later, she calls me back saying the tickets arrived, flopping out of a now open envelope, but intact just the same.  Expect the check in 3-5 days.  I wish I could have tipped her, for the diligence, follow-up.
We just got inside the hotel and it's already hot. First off they have a Starbucks in da building!! Plus!! The scent isn't like flamingo where the smoke in the air and bummy customers roaming around.. . I love the nice restaurants inside too. Thee isn't that many gamblers here which is a huge plus. The room is lux. Its way more sophisticated and more gentleman looking. The bathroom looks like a intimate cave lol.. . The service at the front desk was cool too. This young man gave us the details clearly and gave us 2 free buffet tix. This hotel is located right next to Walgreens which is convenient and across from the mall too!! . . I'll def stay again!
We visited Vegas right after the New Year, for our anniversary, and stayed at Treasure Island.  They treated us VERY well, providing a complimentary bottle of champagne when we mentioned it was our aniversary.  . . I got a very good rate on a Tower Suite by signing up for discounts on their website (well worth it, WAY cheaper than any other website I could find, including Kayak) and ended up on the 24th floor with a great view of the Strip and the fireworks from the Sirens show.. . The only problem was the bed, it was actually horrible, so sunk in it was like laying in side-by-side lounge chairs.  So I went down and talked to someone at the front desk and they had the mattress swithced for us.  The "new" one was absolutely adequate and I applaud TI for taking care of this one and only problem we had during our visit.  THANK YOU, we will definitely be returning.
Treasure island is my one and only favorite place to be in Vegas. From the time it takes to set up a quick reservation from a friendly assistant on the other line, to the beautiful and fun atmosphere, their amazing players card rewards, and their should be marked five star hotel rooms, this place is hands down a plus! I valet my car, and open the door and I feel like I'm entering my second home. I go to vegas five to six times a year because my best friend lives there, and For four years I've been bouncing back and forth between other places to stay and here, and none have come close.
I'm biased, as I had my wedding here on the ship.  But everything was great!  The chapel and hotel staff were all very professional and helpful.  Although I was never a super anxious or demanding bride, the whole experience was pleasantly low-stress.  They always had everything in control and in order.  The wedding package was very reasonable and inclusive, with a massage in the spa the day before, which was great.  We even got an upgrade on our suite for our wedding night due to availability, which was a nice surprise.  Ordered room service twice, and it arrived in under 30 minutes both times.  We look forward to going back for an anniversary!
My friend and I stayed here on a recent trip. Considering how cheap the price was, I wasn't expecting much. . . My mind was blown. The room was pristine, the bed big and cushy, the view was great, and they threw in a free buffet. I would totally stay here again!. . Extra perk? Starbucks is just next door. ;o)
You can't go wrong if you stay at TI.  The rooms are fairly cheap.  The location is great, between The Mirage and Fashion Show Mall.  Across the street from The Palazzo.  I have stayed in the Deluxe Room and Petite Suite and both are great.  The beds were comfortable but not their roll-away bed.  I had drinks at Kahunaville which were alright and cheap.  I've eaten at The Buffet and Canter's.  Both are great and fulfilling.  They also have 2 Starbucks.  The hotel is open till midnight and the one on the Strip is 24 hours.
i normally review restaurants not hotels, but gonna make it a habit from now on since we travel often, i'm even going to go back and catch up with others. this is a great hotel located in a great location. we drove to vegas but we walked and used taxis to get around and it didn't cost much since it was located around everything we wanted to get too. we had a suite that overlooked the strip which was a plus. the room was big with double door entry. it had a king bed, large sofa, desk and dining table. there was his and hers bathrooms which was great. t.v was small for the room size, but its not like we were in vegas to watch t.v. there wasn't a coffee maker either. we ordered late night room service twice, and it was amazing service and food. we would stay here again.
I had not been to Las Vegas in about 2 years and booked a mini vacation online for a 4 night stay at Treasure Island, my check in was fast a simple and girl at the desk had a great smile and made me fell real welcome. I was in my room within 10 minutes. Hotel is in the middle of the strip walking distance to most other major hotels and shows, they have a great nightly show the in the front of the Hotel called the Sirens of TI. room rates range from $45 and up you can get a better deal if you shop online. the room I had had 1 king sized bed a large bathtub cable TV is free with the room, I had a flat panel tv in my room, rooms have a mini refrigerator and a safe to lock you personal items in, you can peek a smoking or non smoking room. there is a Starbucks located on the casino level. I ate at there buffet good food good price. . the only bad is they charge for WIFI like $24.95 for only a 24hour period and since most of use carry laptops or tablets with built in wifi and not cords this should be free. that being said.. . I will stay there again great time..
Very nice...i thought treasure island was a very nice and kept up hotel. room was nice and big, bathroom was spacious. the buffet there was very good. will definalty plan on staying there again.
We just stayed here over the weekend and it was fantastic!. . We needed a place where 6 girls could stay for about $1000 for 2 nights.  At TI we got a giant suite + 2 adjoining regular rooms for that price - best thing we found on the strip! That wasn't at some oober sketch place lol.. . The rooms were awesome.  Completely updated, hot tub jacuzzi bathtub in the suite, tons of room, nice amenities, really just a great room.  We ordered room service one morning and that was great as well.. . Definitely would recommend staying here if you're looking for a great affordable hotel!
My second time here this month and I do not see myself staying anywhere else. Great service!! . We had a trade show at Caesars and had a lot of stuff with us to transport back and forth each day. The Bell staff were so quick and friendly especially when compared to the awful service at Caesars (they lost our luggage for a few hours and tried to charge us per bag when delivering them to other rooms). Customer service was just great at TI!. We were in such a rush that I wound up forgetting a bag and they mailed it back to me free of charge! I love this place!!
After being engaged for 2 years and 2 failed attempts at planning a wedding at home, when we got notification of an upcoming trade show in Las Vegas;  we said "Let's do it!".   My next hurdle was to convince my sister and brother-in-law from georgia who had never flown before to come with us.  One thing to our advantage was they loved to gamble.. . Our company had booked the Treasure Island hotel.  Even though I thought it would be easiest to have the wedding here, I looked at all options, other hotels, independent chapels, etc.  The photos of the Treasure Island's small chapel were so charming and classy (not flashy).  They had photos of the chapel, nice beige walls with white hydrangea balls hanging on the aisles and two other pretty white arrangements flanking the pulpit.  I wondered if this was only an enticing photo and that none of the flowers would be there unless I purchased them.  They were part of the package.. . We chose our own music and vows.  The minister was great.  We chose flowers and boutonnieres from them, the unity lighting ceremony and used their in house photographer.  . . The staff was great in helping me plan my perfect day!. . I thought the photos were just okay and overpriced, but we hired Las Vegas Scenic Wedding photographers to pick us up in a limo and take us to various Vegas landmarks for photos and then drop us for dinner. So worth it as we got the total Vegas experience professionally photographed!. . And by the way, my sister and brother-in-law made it!
Just got home from the TI and feel like I left a little piece of my heart behind!  Was in Vegas with my best friend and sweetheart for a 4-day weekend. Collectively, our group has stayed in all of the major Vegas hotels: HRH Towers, Venetian, Wynn, Excalibur, RIvera, Aria, Stratosphere, etc..  . . We agreed that our stay at the TI made this Vegas vacation one of the most comfotable and convenient of all time. . Pros:. - The staff was EXCELLENT.  All of our request were met with a quick response and a friendly demeanor.  They bumped up lunch hour just for us when we wanted sliders for breakfast, send the maid back around to accomodate our lazy vacation morning schedule, etc..... - POOL!.  Pool.  POOOOOOL.  Did I say pool?  The pool is small-ish for Vegas but this turned out to be a beautiful thing.  The crowd ranged from tiny babies to older vacationing couples and the staff - including the DJ - made sure there was something for everyone.  If you want to drink and party in the pool, go ahead.  If you want to avoid the jackasses (like us) who want to drink and party in the pool, there's quiet shady spots for you and your sweetie.  When we were leaving the pool was being rented out for some fancy event - obviously this spot appeals to all.  Go.  Now.. - BEDS.  We are now trying to figure out where we can buy one.. - Cleanliness - My sweetie calls me Diva and Diva was very happy here :). - I get lost. It was easy for me to find the coffee shop, my room, food, and bellhops.  Left to the pool, right to starbucks.  Not once did I find myself lost in a fancy, monolithic mall.. . CONs:. - My sweetie is a gambler and has a specific gambling style.  He didn't have any interest in gambling at TI and spent his gambling time and money down the street.  If you are The Gambler, tuck your wife away at the pool and ease on down the road.. - Restaurants - I am a healthy eater and enjoy decent food and did not like any of restaurants but for a few items at Kahaunaville.  That said, KV priceswere pretty reasonable, quality was above average.  . - Late Checkout - It was a bummer that the late checkout on a Monday was only 12 pm.   They need to bump that up.
Great place to stay to avoid a hole in your wallet.  Casino Host is the best way to get things done faster.  Look for Ken G. for golfing info and daily rates.  He found me some great places to golf in Vegas.  . Easy access to Wynn (XS, Surrender, and Tryst) and Palazzo and Venetian (Lavo and Tao) for all you clubbing people.  Walking distance so you don't have to fork out money for a cab after partying.  Place has a tram to Mirage and walking distance to Forum Shops at Caesars.. Pool here is a bit smaller compared to the other hotels.. Casino floor a good size where if you had to look for someone, it wouldn't be too hard.. Checkin and checkout are easy and front desk is very nice and helpful.. Rooms were very nice and modern looking.  . Buffet is a NO.  Very pricey and not very appetizing.. Parking is fairly easy, one structure to the back with a walking ramp to the casino.. Mystere show is here at this casino, easy access where you don't have to walk around looking for it.  (Right next to starbucks from the parking lot).
What a fantastic hotel! It's AS good as it gets for a 4 star hotel. My stay at TI far exceeded my expectations.. . THE BEDS ARE HOLY AMAZING!! I think they're tempurpedic. Friends and I can all agree that we fell asleep right when our heads hit the pillow. These are people who have stayed at the Wynn, Venetian, and Cosmo, and all have agreed that TI has the best beds to offer! I'm pretty sure it's the best bed I've ever slept in...in my life. We were sad to leave.. . Other than that, the hotel is very nice and clean. Clean carpets, nice bathroom, comes with mini-fridge to store all your alcohol, and good shower head. Plus we lived right across from the ice machine. . . If you don't feel like dishing out money to stay somewhere expensive, TI is your best bet. It trams to the Mirage, easily located parking garage, has Starbucks located right outside of it, and is in the middle of the strip and easily walkable to all the popular clubs.
I stayed here with my boyfriend for a couple of nights in May. I have nothing bad to say about Treasure Island - we had a very clean and spacious room with a comfy bed, awesome view (definitely worth the extra $20 to get strip view), we had fun in the casino downstairs (I won at the slot machines!), wifi is fast and reliable, people are nice... It's also a nice mixed crowd, you will see younger couples like me and my boyfriend, but also families, older couples, party kids.. The pool was clean and big too, there were enough sun beds throughout the day to use, these and the towels were free. . . Really good location too for sight seeing and shopping! All in all I had a great stay here, and will probably come back!
They just mailed me back my super expensive leather jacket! I realized the day after checking out I had left it. It took two calls to lost and found to find it - the first time looking for items left in my room wasn't helpful, but the second time I got a super nice lady who actually went into the inventory to look for a leather jacket. It had been found on some random floor I had neve been on. I'm so grateful! I expected it to be gone, stolen, sold.. . The rooms are decent if you get a sale. The location isgreat right across from Walgreens (because what Vegas trip isn't complete without having to buy chapstip once a day). They give you a roll out bed for $30 that fits between the 2 queens. The rooms themselves aren't that big but the beds are comfy and the rooms are nice.. . Late checkout is at 12, they didn't allow early check in (I believe check in was at 4 or 5 pm, ridiculous), check in took forever, and they do charge $25/day resort fees. Like almost every other hotel on the strip.
Stayed here for 4 days with my boyfriend on 6/8/12-6/12/12 it was a really packed weekend but still have no complaints about the hotel. It was lovely. The check in on Friday night only took like 20 minutes. The strip view was beautiful, i really recommend it. I used the 2 for 1 coupon i got for the buffet and the food was delicious. Overall very clean nice room definitely staying there again.
Stayed here alone back in March 2010 for one of my best friends 30th bday.  This Hotel was across the street where my friend and her husband stayed. So it was a convienence for me. They upgraded my room to a deluxe which i had a view of the strip! Which was awesome :)  I had all the amenities!  Great experience i had here!
This is a review for the pool - a cabana is a must! On our first day we realized how crowded the pool gets, so the following day we rented a cabana. Reasonable prices, and great service! Our waitress, Haley, was fab. Our pool was perfect for people watching, there were a lot of really fun people there!!
This review is for the cabana and pool. My family was in town, so we decided to rent a cabana. We chose to come here because they are one of the few places that rents to locals. The cabana was nice. It had everything we needed and we enjoyed it a lot. The cocktail waitress Janelle was very friendly and she kept our drinks coming quick. The cabana host Katie was also super friendly. The kids enjoyed the pool and we all had a lot of fun. However, after our first cocktail waitress finished her shift we got a new girl who was not attentive at all. I'm glad I didn't want anymore to drink or I would have been dying of thirst. . . Overall, we had a great time and the food and drinks from Kahunaville were excellent! Every one's food was fantastic and tasty. We will definitely be back to rent a cabana and take a dip in the pool. :-)
First off they have a great parking lot, so that is a big plus in my book. Overall this is an incredibly fun place without being too rowdy. They have a wide variety of restaurants. The pool is a good size. I haven't stayed there in over 10 years but when I did the room was very nice and they have been redone since then so I am sure it is even better. The Sirens of TI show out front every night is a fun and free diversion, well worth a stop in. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
This was a fabulous Hotel & Casino!!! We shall stay here again. It's so convenient to have Walgreens across the street & the Mall also. We loved it, we were there for our anniversary & they sent complimentary champagne to our room. A must stay!!!
We stayed at TI just a few days ago and had a fabulous time. Clean and updated rooms, good casino and friendly staff. Check in was quick and location was great. Across from Venetian and next to Mirage and Fashion Show Mall. . Would stay here again every time.
WOW! The service was amazing here, had a quick check in and the desk definitely helped us out with all of our needs. We also ordered room service and it was quick! The food was amazing. Definitely a nice place to stay, the rooms were super clean and I absolutely loved how it was laid out. I shared a room with two of my girl friends and two queen sized beds and a lot of space to put our stuff was perfect!
Pretty decent! Check in was quick, room was recently renovated and very modern and clean, we got a free upgrade to strip view, and oh yeah, the best part? The smell. This was the only casino I visited that didn't reek of cigarette smoke and cheap air freshener. Were there people smoking? Absolutely. But their air freshener (which is strong, so be warned) took care of it completely. It's like a floral vanilla scent. I saw the fireworks from the Pirate Hoochie show from my room.
BY FAR THE BEST STAY EVER IN VEGAS! We paid $55 a nite for 3 nites for a standard room, I read on thetwentydollartrick.com if you tip the front desk a $20 along with your ID when you check in and ask for a complimentary upgrade you'd probably get one & boy did we ever! We ended up in a Double door Suite on the 24th floor with separate his & hers bathrooms, an AMAZING King Bed, Huge Flat screen TV, living room w/a queen sofa bed and she even threw in a bottle of Champange! Access to your room is awesome, just a short walk from the strip. Nice internet room & Gym that's included in the resort fee.  They also threw in a ton of coupons for various things at their property. This place was amazing!!! Very clean, accomodating in every sense from the Valet to the Bar/Casino staff. Buffet was good and we got 2 for 1 passes, saw Bill Cosby perform for $50, had a ball in the Kahunaville Bar & Restaurant & Oxygen bar, food is great there. The pool is beautiful but smaller than we expected, Surprisingly enough there were plenty of chairs & room at the pool. TI sits in the heart of the strip next to all the really high end casinos so there's tons of things to see & do close by. The pirate show was awesome, don't miss it. I rate this place a 5 star, we scored big & enjoyed everything about TI, We'll definitely try to stay there again in the future.
Was here just to see the sirens if TI show which was amazing.
This review is for the hotel, and specifically for the particular suites which we stayed in: Tower and Executive, respectively, and not for the casino/buffet/Sirens/coffee shopcheck-in/whatever. Additionally, our stays were while it was a MGM-Mirage, now 'MGM Resorts Intl', property and not owned by whomever owns it now.. . Although, FULL DISCLOSURE: checkout at exactly checkout time was an absolute nightmare, but that is our fault for trying to checkout exactly at whatever time it is (12 noon; who knows?) . . Tower is one hundred square feet larger, approximately, than the Executive. Not that one would notice unless you broke out the measuring tape you purchased from Home Depot. 930 for the Tower and 830 for the Executive; Towers can have regular standard rooms attached to them adding 400 or so square feet if that is what you want/need. . . In any case, the decor is distinct, Executive is bright with reds while the Tower is beige or cream or whatever they call it. Two bathrooms and a small whirlpool (no, you cannot get sixteen people in there)(no, you cannot probably fit yourself and your three obese sister wives in there)(no, it is not Olympic size) but the main buying point for these suites is actually not exclusive to the suites, as far as I know: the beds. Most comfortable beds on Earth. . . I should have started the review with that. . . (Mislocated) Abstract: Best fucking beds on the planet! . . Yeah, there is a resort fee (where is there not?) but you used to get a voucher for your next stay for whatever the resort fee was off (e.g. resort fee was 25$, voucher for 25$ off your next stay), so in theory you only have to pay it once if you keep staying there (unfortunate that I lost my last voucher, or was not given it by the check-in clerk because it was busy).   . . There are some comfortable couches that you can have your 'boys' sleep on if you are getting a suite for the twenty people you are coming to Vegas with (no, they are not as comfortable as the beds). The executive suite we stayed in was floor 35 or 36 or some shit so that was a bonus since it was a glorious view. The property was rated four diamonds/stars/whatever by AAA for the longest of time, and should still be rated that as far as I know, and it is a steal for the price you pay. Cannot recall what we paid but it was probably sub 100$ for each night because I am a cheapass. - E
Great beds, nice view/location, and reasonably priced. Will return.
We got a Groupon for two nights at Treasure Island and two Mystere tickets.  I was worried that this might result in us getting a sub-par room, but instead the opposite happened when they put us on the 29th floor with a view of the strip (toward Mandalay Bay) and the mountains.  Wow.  We could see almost every major casino, which was particularly stunning at night.  The room itself was comfortable and spacious - great bed, great shower, and *great* blackout curtains. Also appreciated the mini fridge so we could store some water in there.  The fitness center is really good for a hotel with new equipment and personal TVs. The location also can't be beat as it is an easy walk to the Venetian, the Wynn, Caesars, and the Bellagio which I find to be the more interesting hotels/casinos to walk through. . . The only ding against TI is that we waited in line for check-in, guest services, and to pick up our already paid-for tickets at the Cirque box office.  We would have waited in another long line to check-out if we hadn't had the foresight to do so via the TV in our room.  I don't think it was an understaffing issue necessarily (and the staff were all very very nice and friendly), but be warned. . . Also be warned if you think Vegas is a good place to go to get away from things over Christmas.  There were so many families and young children you would think it was Disney World. This was the case everywhere along the strip, not just at TI.
The breakfast was wonderful!!
Great video poker, as loose as anything off the strip.  ( hint: play the machine nearest the tower elevators).  Our Tower Suite was amazing! Clean, well maintained, exceptional maid service and worth the few extra bucks.  Great location to experience north end of the strip!  The huge Fashion Show mall is right next door. So is The Wynn, Encore, Palazzo and Venetian!  We were there over Xmas and the staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful!
It's an older casino- without some of the cavernous flash of the newer places- but that's perfectly fine with me.  I'm not really here for gambling; I'm here every year for a work trip- and I do my best to stay at TI.  The location is perfect for why I'm here, and it can be less expensive than some of the newer spots.. . But what really keeps me coming back is the staff..  Without exception, they have always been very helpful and very friendly.  That gets lots of points from me.  From the people who check me in and check me out- to the housekeeping staff- to one of the performers in the cheesy Pirate show that takes place multiple times a night outside my room window- everyone has been sincere and friendly.  Whomever does the hiring here has something good going.. . The rooms have always been clean and comfortable.  whenever I've had a problem (which is rare), it has been taken care of quickly.. . There are lots of bigger better known places on the strip- but if you want to stay at a place that's a little more like an old friend, the TI is a great option.
Treasure Island was the perfect hotel for my first trip to Vegas. We stayed here for three nights (Tuesday, Wednesday, Thrusday) and were so excited by the great location. Across the street from Palazzo and The Venetian, and literally connected by an indoor tram to The Mirage. Also an easy walk to Ceasars Palace as well.. . The casino was a bit smaller than other resorts on the strip, but we liked this because it was easy to navigate, and less crowded. There are a few resaurants and several cool bars here as well. We didnt go to Gilleys (the country bar) but definitely want to check it out on our next trip. Kahunaville bar was cheesy, but the buy one get one drink specials and bartenders doing tricks made it worth stopping into for a drink or two.. . Our room was a tad small, but very updated and comfortable. Beds were cozy and clean and the view even at the back of the hotel was a great mountain view. . . Check in was a breeze but we did arrive late on a Tuesday night. When we left Friday morning the line was easily 200 people long.....and thats not an exagerated number. I counted 20 and didnt even get halfway down one row of a snaked line that bent around at least six times. So my point, try to arrive on a weekday or later in the afternoon if possible. . . Overall, we loved TI and will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Vegas.
Rooms were nice and spacious, very clean, across the street is a 24 hour walgreens so if you need anything you can get it at anytime. A lot of beggers in this area around the streets and on the bridges though.
As a military family we can't afford the $$$$ hotels, but still like to stay on the strip where all the action is and not go broke doing so. And so you have Treasure Island. A favorite since we were married in Vegas a few years ago, we've been coming back ever since. . . My first bit of advice. Join the players club! Seriously. It's worth it if you ever plan to return to Las Vegas (and who doesn't). The offers keep coming even when you don't visit often. A word to active duty military, give them your drivers license, for some reason they have issues processing a military ID card at the Players Club desk. . . The TI rooms are clean and tidy. As a smoker I prefer a smoking room. It was obvious that they used some kind of chemical to cover up the smoking smell, but since I'm a smoker making the smokey smell I could care less. The bed was super comfy, and the bath tub was huge! We had a lame view this time around, but other visits have put us looking over the pirate show, and other sites of the strip. I'm not too hung up on the view because unless it's a one sided hotel, you're bound to have to look at something, maybe a rooftop now and then.. . TI casino is fun, loud and dark. The cocktail gals could have moved a bit faster, but I'm sure it's a pain in the A to remember whom and where all those drinks go. Slots were loose enough for us to have a great time. . . We will continue to stay at TI for years to come.
Ahhhhh...TI knows how to treat a lady like me! Big spacious rooms, free complimentary bottle of champagne just because I'm a fly bride to be, dope fast room service, and the Cirqu De Solei show.... OUT OF THIS WORLD! . . This was my first time EVER staying in a "real" hotel in Vegas that wasnt cornered between a delux Wendy's drive thru and a hooker-pimp hang out, so needless to say Im pretty easy to impress. But THIS was just amazing! Got a kick ass deal on Groupon with the most beautiful view of the strip, 2 tickets to the show, big fluffy bed and just great service all around! I was impressed from start to finish! Even when my TV was acting up they sent a tech from the actual cable company in to fix the problem within minutes of my call... . . THUMBS UP TI! I cant wait to come back
Just checked in like 10 minutes ago and was helped by the most wonderful employee Scott from San Francisco .  They were out of our room requested but got upgraded to a strip view for no additional charge.  He also asked what brought us to LV and I mentioned it was my 15 year anniversary .  He gave me complimentary champagne sent to the room. Best of all he was genuinely nice and not speaking from a script.  TI hire more people like Scott and you've got my repeat service cause I love Vegas
I love Treasure Island. It is conveniently located in the middle of the strip so you can pretty much walk to all the clubs and restaurants. They've got an awesome pirate show. The Pho restaurant there is legit (although a bit pricey). The Gilley pit girls there are fun, I mean c'mon, they're rocking assless leather chaps (Shout out to Kacie!). I pretty much stay there whenever I'm in Vegas. It's not the most glamorous casino and the rooms are a bit dated, but it's definitely worth the price. Plus, I've won alot of money there, so I might be a bit biased.
Stayed here 8/2011... yes this review is past due. . . Booked the room thru PriceLine. . . Room was wonderful, we stayed here for my BF's birthday. He and I had an absolute blast, the room was wonderful. We fought over who got to loung on the Chaise. . . To date... he describes this as his BEST VEGAS experience. Thanks Truasure Island!
Wow! We were very happy with the service. I have never been in an hotel where all the staff were happy and smiled! Even the housekeeping staff were really nice and said hello as we passed by. Even the maintanence guys looked up to smile. . They gave us a strip view room even though we didn't pay for it. (Thank God!) and the view was gorgeous. It is a little further down the strip but no far from Ceasars. . If you reserve it at least 5-6 months in advance, you can get great deals. Westayed for 4 nights during a holiday weekend for only $425 (including resort fees). . The pool is smaller than other hotels on the strip but there are more lounge chairs. I wasn't fighting for a chair but I was fighting for space in the pool. The pool is more of a hang out with drinking and a DJ in the afternoon. Not the most kid friendly pool. . I love that there are 2 starbucks. One in the hotel and one just right outside. There are plenty of good options for restaurants that are good quality and reasonably priced for the strip. . We will stay again and I would recommend it to anyone.
This was my first time visitng Vegas and I have so much fun.  It was so hot to really enjoy yourself but the staff and hotel was great.  The rooms were comfortable and we had relaxing time.  I highly recommend staying here.
The room was nice, good location on the strip, I loved the buffet, the pool is good, and it was clean
Fun Place! I love that they have the free show and the mermaid statues.
I stayed here after finding a Groupon for Treasure Island. I am going to be honest with you I would not have stayed here if it hadn't been for Groupon. I always thought of Treasure Island as a hotel for families (Kids). This is not the case! Right when we walked in it was very clean and the appearance is upscale. But we still weren't convinced yet, any hotel can put up a nice front. . . You know when you see pictures of hotels online and the rooms and the other parts of the hotel don't look as extravagant, well in my opinion Treasure Island is a Hotel that the Pictures did not do it justice. The casino area was very clean it can seem like a maze at first but with a drink in hand you won't mind the extra walking when you get lost and there is plenty to keep your eyes and your mind busy while you walk. My favorite Bar in Treasure Island is the Breeze Bar. The atmosphere is great and they had a wide variety of liquors (I personally am a scotch person and they have great scotch names and ages). . . We spent a lot of our time at the hotel so we enjoyed some of the eateries they had to offer. We ate at Gilley's BBQ, we got the appetizer Nachos but we asked for everything to be put on the side of the Nachos because we weren't entirely sure about all the toppings that would be on them, and let me tell you this was a great idea because the portion was huge, so we were able to enjoy the Nachos later in our hotel room without the chips being soggy from the toppings and it was not as messy. The main course I had the ribs which were not good they very obviously use an artificial smoke flavor that made the ribs disgusting. So all in all I highly recommend you go to Gilley's BBQ for the Nacho appetizer but not the Ribs I can't say much about the other Entree's. . . We ate at The Coffee Shop for breakfast (yes that is what it is called (not confusing at all (sarcasm))), the breakfast was great! They have very healthy breakfast options. I highly recommend this place for breakfast. We also ate at Pho Vietnamese to satisfy a late night craving and it was good, nothing to rave about but it was good. . Our Groupon included Mystere by Cirque du Soleil and a Spa visit. The show was amazing I really enjoyed it. It's not just singing and dancing it has some comedy entwined, the music is great I actually bought the CD from the gift shop afterwards. We were so busy while we were there that we actually never made it to the Spa so I can't opinionate on that. . . We also had a Groupon for the Kahunaville for a meal and drinks, let me tell you first off we didn't use it. I felt like Kahunaville is Treasure Islands downfall, but it's so far out of the way that if you didn't know about it before hand or go to the Cirque du Soleil show (it's across from the show entrance) you wouldn't know it was there. When I was there I felt like the inside was not that nice looked a little worn, the placement of things just isn't appealing and the speakers were all treble no base (which is hard on your ears). We walked in and stood at one of the standing tables for a few minutes before deciding the place sucked and our heads hurt from the poor quality speakers. Kahunaville not recommended!. . Over all I would recommend staying at the Treasure Island. The mattress was so comfortable, I have never had comfort like this on my mattress at home or any other hotel mattress. I actually bought a new mattress when I got home and used my Treasure Island experience as the comfort level to meet. The pillows were the same and I have not yet found a pillow to match those pillows. We fell asleep when we hit the mattress and had the best sleep of our lives. The rooms are very clean and very modern. You don't have to gamble to have fun at Treasure Island. All I can say is don't judge Treasure Island by its cover like I did. I will be staying at Treasure Island again next time in Vegas who know's maybe I'll see you around.
Absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Treasure Island! . . I booked 3 nights for my birthday, and I had an awesome time. Without ranting, here's what I loved the most about it:. . - Right off the 15 freeway, avoid traffic on the strip. - Parking structure isn't as confusing as others that I've been to. - Hotel halls are very clean and we could always feel the AC going back to our room. - Got a free room upgrade for my birthday with amazing strip views. - Cirque de Soleil Mystere was great and conveniently inside TI. - 2 for 1 Cocktails and Buffett coupons upon check-in we're great! . - DJ at pool played great music throughout the day. - Room was really nice with a fridge you could actually use instead of it being packed with expensive crap! . . The only downside we noticed was that there were no close outlets on our night stand tables so we couldn't keep out phones charged and close to us... Goofy, I know.. . Overall, it was an amazing hotel and we had a great stay! And with $20 off a future stay, I will definitely return! :)
Not a gambler or a drinker.. What the hell was I doing in Vegas then?. I'm a gamer, and Gamestop was having an all-day expo at the Sands. I needed a clean hotel room for a 3-day, 2-night stay.. . My hotel requirements:. - Clean, and preferably with white bed sheets/comforters/pillow cases. - Convenient location to everything on the Strip. - Affordable. . I had been eyeing TI because of its location and price but was having a difficult time choosing which mid-ranged hotel to pick because of Yelp reviews. This has an overall 3.5 rating, which isn't exactly horrible but not great either. An iffy so-so rating made me hesitate to book.. . So I decided to let Hotwire decide for me through their Secret Hot Rate selection process and, whaddaya know? They chose TI for me. For reference, TI is considered a 4-star hotel in Hotwire's system.. . I was able to check in at about 1-1:30 despite the official check-in time being at 3. The room was located on the 18th floor and didn't have Strip views, but we got better views of the mountains to the west of the 15 freeway. It was roomy enough so the three of us (2 adults, 1 child) didn't feel cramped.. . The room featured:. - Two queen-sized beds with all-white bed dressings. - A desk area withample room for my laptop and convenient three-pronged outlet with direct ethernet cable connection (not supplied). - A basic flatscreen TV (didn't use at all so unsure about channels). - Bathroom with complimentary toiletries. - Inside the closet: Iron with board; blowdryer; safe; small refrigerator. . Everything was clean and the overall value was great. Can't comment on the casino/games or any of the hotel's special services, as we didn't use them. What I wanted was a conveniently located Strip hotel with a clean and comfortable room where I could lay my head down at the end of a long, stinkingly hot and humid day, and that's exactly what I got. Would stay again.
The room was clean and the walls were very thick. There was a party going on next door and it was so muffled you had to strain just to hear anything. Once, they left the room though, you could hear them in the hallway so the door wasn't very thick. For just a double queen room, it was very spacious, particularly the bathroom. The hotel itself is centrally located on the strip so very convenient getting around. I will definitely be back!
I did not stay at their hotel.  However, I gambled here :-)  Loved the atmosphere! Great service all around.  Dealers were very helpful and friendly.
This is for ADMIRAL: he works at the desk and takes care of your show/room reservations. He works from 2PM-930PM! Awesome man, and he will definitely take care of YOUR INTERESTS.. . He is so kind and he really does look out for you, even when I called several times (which I'm sure is annoying to most reps). He answered all of my questions with so much patience and went far and beyond in customer service. Actually, probably the best customer service I've ever had. If you need help or suggestions or even just want to talk to a nice representative to make a simple transaction, ADMIRAL is awesome!!! (Not sure how the other reps are, but hopefully they're all as nice as Admiral!) I hope TI gives out bonuses or some kind of reward or recognition for reps that make a difference to their customers!. . He helped me get Mystere tickets and a hotel room after a reservation through Groupon failed... I really appreciated his help so much that I'm writing a review for him! Also, I realized that I talked to him about a week ago as well as today, when I needed to ask some general questions about Mystere. He was really helpful and nice at that time too.. . I love nice people :)
We got a panoramic view in our room, which was great, we could see the strip, and the mountains. Our room was spacious enough for the two of us. The king bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was simple but clean. Having a safe and mini fridge in the room was nice. Hotel staff was very nice to deal with, and made our stay comfortable. Really no complaints. Hotel's casino was conviently linked to the fashion show mall.
Out of all my times in Vegas, I've stayed at TI the most. We seem to get the most bang for our buck here. I came here this past weekend to celebrate my birthday and we managed to get a free upgrade to the luxury suite. They also threw in free champagne because it was my birthday. We dealt with the front desk on two separate occasions about things varying from rollout beds, extra keys, charges, etc. The ladies working at the desk were extremely helpful and hooked it up. I can definitely say that i will be hitting up Treasure Island again next time I am here. Good looking out ladies.
