Went here last night to check it out as it just opened 2 nights ago. All i can say is it was a 9 out of 10 experience on every level. From the hostesses to the waiter to the wine and menu selections.  The food was FANTASTIC, and might be the best food I've eaten in Vegas. I got the roasted cauliflower soup and the mixed grill of filet, bacon wrapped prawns and lamb ribs. The sides of brussels sprouts and english pub fries were equally amazing!  Everything was out of the world!!  I'll be going back for sure. Check this "pub" out!!
Loved Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill!!  We had the fortune to be in Vegas the night of the opening December 18th and it was one of the most memorable experiences ever!  We were able to sit at the bar with Adam and Gene at the helm. They were wonderful and if you are in Vegas, at Caesars, please, please, please stop by.  Adam & Gene will take good care of you and make you feel like one of the family.  I wish I could remember the drink Adam made for me.  I was worried it would be sweet, but it was tangy, flavorful and perfect!  The hubby liked the beer Adam & Gene recommended too.  We felt like VIPs and the food....I am still dreaming about the food.....  we had never had a scottish egg before, but now want more.   I ordered the bangers & mash, which is heavenly. I have been to England and loved the bangers and mash, but this almost decadent.  Hubby had the fish & chips, which were amazing as well.  I am not a fish person, but kept stealing my hubby's food.  (he stole mine too haha and we kept joking we should have ordered the others dish)  Lastly, we finished the evening with the sticky toffee pudding.  Everyone should have sticky toffee pudding, even if you are not a sweets person, it is worth just stopping in and having.  We have been to Gordon Ramsay Steak a couple of times and the hubby likes the sticky toffee pudding better there, but to me, it was just as good or better.  I think I really liked the vanilla ice cream served at the Pub than the  butterscotch ice cream at Steak.  It was so good, we wished we had gone back before coming home from our trip and are looking forward to visiting again.
We arrived in Vegas on the 22nd. Upon entering the hotel room I immediately noticed a magazine with Gordon Ramsay on the front "Ramsay takes over Vegas" Being a HUGE fan, I read it and got giddy when I found out that not only did Pub & Grill open already, but Burgr was planned to open that very night!! (Turns out it opened earlier in the week, but IT WAS OPEN).  . . We decided to hit Pub and Grill on Saturday night. Josh was our waiter and I swear he had ESP. Every time we mentioned something we needed POOF there he was with it in hand or said...hey could you use...... I jokingly asked him if the bulldog lamp was wired. Josh was simply amazing. I can't say it enough. I would say he gave us the best service out of all the places we ate at this year. He gets brownie points for remembering my name is Darlene, so many people two minutes later forget and call me Diane, Donna...something with a D. . . Ok now for the food. I ordered the Shephard's Pie and my boyfriend ordered the Lamb Burger. The Shephard's Pie was good at first. The mashed potatoes were amazing. However, I quickly discovered I didn't care for lamb, my first time ever trying it. I ate about 1/2 of the dish. I soooo wanted to love it, but just couldn't. My boyfriend loved his lamb burger, said it was in his top 10 of burgers. We ordered dessert, I got the sticky toffee pudding and he got the chocoloate trifle. OH MY GOD!!! The sticky toffee pudding was to die for. I could eat that everyday!! The warm sauce topping thecake with a side of frozen cream was just fantastic. I tried my boyfriend's chocolate trifle and it too was incredible. Layers of chocolate with a brownie on the bottom and served with two little chocolate cookies was very cute. . . Pub & Grill is not your typical Pub & Grill.......Gordon Ramsay does it again!!
An excellent Xmas day dinner!  This was upscale British pub food done really, really well.  I am already looking forward to the next visit. . . We chose to eat at the bar since a couple of basketball games were on.  That way we could also ask the bartender about their beer selection.  Our bartender let us sample a few and we ended up going with a pints of Innis & Gunn and Moa.  Those were $8.75 each but so was Pacifico and Corona so no point in going for stuff you can get anywhere else.   . . The first entree was the "Dublin Brisket" which was set in a pumpernickel bread bowl.  The bowl was filled with hearty tender chunks of beef, cheese and sauerkraut that went well with the side of thousand island.  3 standard steak fries=1 fry here so you only get 4 of them which was enough.  . . My wife wanted the "Shepard's Pie" and just hearing those two words gave me flashbacks of terrible school cafeteria mush, a poor man's English lasagna if you will.  But this was galaxies away from what I had in the past.  Savory was the word from the first bite.  Each spoonful filled with buttery mashed potatoes, carrots, peas and slow cooked beef and lamb.  A truly awesome dish that I would gladly have any cold weather day.  . . We skipped all the good looking appetizers and small plates just to make it to dessert.  Everyone recommended the "Sticky Toffee Pudding" so that's what we had and it did not disappoint.  The perfect ending indeed.
I'm a local Las Vegas resident who had friends visiting and brought them here for dinner. Great atmosphere and food was very good. It took a little longer than expected for our food to arrive but one of the managers, Jason, offered us each a beer for our patience. We declined but it was a very nice gesture from a very attentive manager who checked in with us throughout our meal. Food was worth the price and this will definitely be a regular spot for me and my friends
Were do I start let's start with the service. It could not have been better. We sat at the bar and Adam took care of us. We had a great time with Adam who guided us through an awesome dining experience. If you go to the bar ask for Adam. However there is one problem virtually all the bar tenders are named Adam. But no worries it seems they are all above average. Ok now the important part the food. It having Ramsey's name carries high expectations. I am happy to say they were meet. I need to particularly point out the Shepherd's Pie. This is something I would normally avoid because of my stepfather's failed attempts. His was the worst thing I ever ate. Gordon's was the best thing I have ever had.  I will be back again and again. Finally a famous chief opens a very approachable place and blows away expectations. Good Job!!!
Me and my lady went there for dinner on New Years Eve and found it to be to our liking! The staff was helpful and friendly. We split a short rib (& cheek) sandwich, a beet salad, and a pint of New Castle on tap. It's loud because it's open and faces the Forum Casino at Caesars Palace. It's a fun place and I can't wait to go back!
A friend and I went to the new Pub two weeks ago, and I am really behind in my reviews. We had such a great night and I have no idea what other reviewers are talking about. The hostess,server and manager were all as attentive as I would want them to be. We were promptly greeted and brought some deicious pretzel bread with a cheese spread. I had to stop myself from eating it all and ruining my appetite. I ordered a cucumber mint gin martini that the server suggested. I want that recipe! The shrimp cocktail appetizer sounded unique since it was poached in a ginger beer, and had a beautiful light dressing and fried capers. It was seriously the best shrimp cocktail I have ever had. I would love it on a bed of lettuce to make it a complete meal. For my entree I had to try an authentic British fish and chips. WOW! It was the lightest beer batter and freshest fish, so flaky and perfect with a sprinkling of malt vinegar. An added surprise was the mashed mint peas. So tasty. My friend had the shepards pie and let me try it, it was really good and I loved all the lamb flavor. For dessert we had the butterscotch pudding that was creamy and not too rich. I felt the prices were less then I expected for a Gordan Ramsey restaurant and the service was on the same level as his restaurant at the Paris. We were both very happy and hope to see Gordan the next time we are there.
I have had two dreams involving Gordon Ramsay's pork belly, and that was just in the last week since I have eaten here.. . We went to the pub last week for a nice, relaxing dinner. The restaurant was packed for a good reason, so we weren't able to get a reservation until 10:30PM. The reason why I was willing to wait was because when I went to the hostess stand and asked if they had a gluten free menu, the hostess pulled it out and it was full of GF happines. A pub with a gluten free menu? I never thought this was possible! Oh, but it was, and oh was it amazing.. . We ordered their house chardonnay in a carafe. Very reasonably priced and went perfectly with all three of our dishes. It was a strong chardonnay, and I didn't want to stop drinking it.. . We started off with the cauliflower soup with curry oil. I am very sensitive about curry. Curry is powerful and if used incorrectly, it can devastate or illuminate a dish. Since we shared the soup they split it into two bowls, no extra fee. The first sip? MIND BLOWING. The soup wasn't soup; it was so light and airy that it was actually like a foam. The curry brought a subtle smokiness to the dish and with the little saltiness from the bacon and sweetness of the caramelized onion, this became one of our top 3 soups. EVER.. . Then we ordered their salmon and pork belly as entrees, both which are naturally gluten free. The salmon skin was like a potato chip and the salmon was cooked to perfection. Not too raw in the center and perfectly soft and flaky all throughout. The cream sauce was subtle, not heavy and not overwhelming so that salmon was still the star of the dish. It went beautifully with the mushrooms and other garnishing vegetables. . . My husband got the pork belly, the star of the night. Neither of us have ever had pork belly before, and I am now spoiled on pork belly and have very little hope that any restaurant will beat Ramsay's because this pork belly, even with all the fat, melted in my mouth and did not make me ill with greasiness. It was pork butter, and I could have eaten the entire dish had my husband not devour it before me. This pork belly was perfectly cooked and the sauce underneath was not rich was I LOVED because there is only so much my palette I can take before going into to overload. There is too much for me to say about this pork belly, so to avoid the novel, just eat it. You cannot go wrong. Also, grab a side of chips with fried truffle. Best chips my husband has had in the U.S.. . Service was phenomenal, manager stopped by to see how we liked dinner, the environment and rhythm of the restaurant was smooth, sexy and upbeat and there is truly nothing I did not like about our experience here. We will absolutely go back VERY, very soon.. . Mmmm,...pork butter.... . P.S. Throw down your Total Rewards card and save a few dollars!
Great Decore and more of the great simple food I Expect from any thing with Gordon's name on it
I ate here this last week and I really enjoyed it.  (*extended beer list at bottom). . Beer selection was out of this world. So many unique cool things to try. Menu was very different from anywhere else in town. . . Decor is VERY VERY COOL! Very Modern British PUB!. . It seemed to me to be simply a very special place that is going to bud into an elite restaurant over this next year, being that it just opened. . . I've read some of the other reviews and find some of them quite funny. I don't know about you, but I don't go to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant for the Coke? Or the pepper for that matter. LOL. . . The hostesses Maria and Karen, were sweet, one took the info and the other pleasantly showed me to the bar.. .  I ate the Beef Cheek and Short Rib Sandwich. Hands down the best sandwich I have ever eaten at a restaurant. So tender it melted in my mouth. Good flavors and sauces. It was obviously carefully created by a top chef. The fries were ginormous, but it was fun for a change. Even fry addicts like me enjoy a variation once in a while. . . The service was great. Gene took really good care of me. He got my order right away despite having a near full bar. Food came out very fast. Gene seemed sincerely interested in giving me a great experience and frequently checked back. To ask how I liked it. He was quick with the beers and had a smile the whole time. . . The bar did seem a bit messy through-out. Piles of napkins and crumbs and what not. But not a big turn off but would expect it to be cleaner. . . A manager did stop by (Eva.. Evie..Eve) to kindly check up to make sure everything was good. It was nice because I did not expect it sitting at the bar. . . I plan to come back frequently to this place. Seems like a good spot to hang out. Prices all seemed reasonable to me. I will gladly pay more for better product (duh!). . . . Now good part. They have like 84 beers at this place. I will update it in the future. Here's what I recognized and remember from the beer list: . Innis and Gunn. Blue Moon. Coorslight. Miller Lite. Pyrmid. Stella. Magic 9. Moa Method. Boddingtons. Guinness. Strong Bow. Bass. . Delerious Tremmens. Duvel. Chimay (blue and Red). Corona. Henry Wienharts. Heiniken. Heiniken lite. John Henry 3 Lik spiker. Belhaven. Fuli. Dogfish head 90. Ballast Point. Meantime Coffee something. Chocolate Stout
I don't really know what's up with the 2 and 3 star reviews on here. I don't know if things changed from that last Yelp Elite event or something, cuz that was all 5 star reviews. What I DO know is that I couldn't be happier with the meal i just had!. . There are really clever design elements everywhere you look, from the hand-painted Keg wall to the 70s British punk uniforms for the staff, the distressed effect menus on wood boards, and the hand-hammered silverware that makes you want to buy a castle and tall-back velvet dining chairs just to put that silverware in it. So from an aesthetic standpoint, it does not disappoint at ALL.. . The first thing that jumped out at me were the handmade soft pretzels appetizer. I just had to have that. SO good. They're amazing and come on a tray with a spicy, horse-radishy melted cheese and pub mustard. We also shared an order of the craziest (and most delicious) deviled eggs I've ever had. Four egg white halves seasoned with a warm, sparkly vinaigrette, and abowl of the yolk seasoned with mustard, bacon and herbs. . . I ordered Shepherd's pie, because it's one of Gordon's signature dishes, and because I have YET to have a decent Shepherd's pie in this country, though I keep trying. This was the best I've had anywhere. The stew was so rich and flavorful, and the mashed potatoes were perfect, with just the right amount of brown on the peaks. I really wanted Sticky Toffee pudding, but I am STILL way too full. Next time. There will most DEFINITELY be a next time.
Let me just start by saying that I do not understand the 1 and 2 star ratings. Perhaps there are some disillusioned expectations due to his status as a celebrity chef. Or maybe people are just pickier on the Strip ;). . We went with one of the fixed menu options.. . Soup - Cream of Cauliflower. This was excellent. And I say that as some one who normally abhors cauliflower.  The curry oil was a wonderful, warm touch.. . Fish and Chips - The batter was delicious and the portion of fish was generous. More then enough food on the plate, I was pleasantly surprised. The chips were some of the best I have ever had. Fresh potatoes and the shaved cheese was super flavorful. . Shepherd's Pie - My husband ordered this but of course I had to sneak a bite. Smooth, creamy potatoes. The meat was tender and the vegetables still had a nice flavor to them that was not covered up by the broth from the meat. I am not normally a fan of lamb but this was pretty dang good!. . Dessert - Sticky Toffee Pudding. This was my first time trying sticky toffee pudding but I am now a converted fan. I wanted to take a bath in the sauce that was poured all over the cake and the sweet cream ice cream was fantastic.. . Peanut Butter & Jelly Cobbler - My husband picked this based on our server's recommendation (the sticky toffee pudding was her first recommendation but she said this was her second choice since we wanted to order different things). This was way different then any cobbler I have ever had. But it wasn't a bad thing! The crumble part tasted kind of like a crumbled up peanut butter cookie and the filling was reminiscent of black berry jam. The jam was not overly sweet so it wasn't overwhelming at all. We actually really liked it.. . The service was attentive and informative. Our drinks never got below half before someone came by to refill. I was nervous after seeing so many complaining reviews but again. After going to the restaurant I really have no idea what those reviews are talking about. I would certainly recommend this place to anyone who was visiting or simply wanted to try Gordon Ramsey's food without paying the steak house prices. . . We will be trying his Burgr restaurant next!
Loved the look and feel of this place, from the racks and stacks of beer kegs to the waitresses wearing what looked like newspaper dresses. . . The food here was really excellent. I got the burger, which was a thick piece of meat and it was cooked well done just the way I like it. Service here was one of the better ones I've had on the Strip. . . I know some people are weirded out by the fries, but I loved them. They're cut and shaped like large potato wedges. There were 4 to the plate and it honestly looked like a potato quartered and cooked. Yum!. . I'd come back here in a heartbeat.
Wow! Don't give many 5 stars, but couldn't find anything wrong with this place. My brother and I were walking by on a Saturday night @ 8pm and grabbed a table for two in the dining room. Our server presented the ipad with their brew selection. When he returned we ordered our food and asked him to pick the best beers for our entrees. He hit it perfectly. I had the fish and chips with the same beer that is used for the batter, my bro had beef cheeks with some other beer. We had the poutine for an app. Amazeballs!! . . Great service! Great food! Don't know how authentic of an english pub it is, but I don't care. I'll be back.
I agree with the other reviews about the staff and what they are wearing. They look very uncomfortable walking around in their outfits.  The staff seated us write away and we got a nice little area in the back so we can watch the crowd.  The waiter made some recommendations for beers and he was right on.  We ordered just a small quick lunch and I had the mussels and clams and the wife had the salad.  They were both outstanding.  Then the staff came by and asked we wanted dessert and made yet another recommendation and this time was even better than the beer.  The dessert was a toffee cake and it was splendid and I will eat it every time I am in Las Vegas.  I hope they do not change anything about this place, well maybe the girls outfits.
Service was wonderful ! We ordered beef cheeks stew which literally melts in your mouth and my husband has fish n chips flaky crispy batter with the delicious peas. We really enjoy the beet selection of my favorite beers was the Fullers ESB it's English and went perfectly with my meal. We were one very happy couple and will be returning soon .
This is a great place for friends and family! I wish I could afford to come here more often! Great stuff and food!. If you're there, pay attention, Gordon might be in the room and you might miss him!
Had the salmon served on braised cabbage flavored with bacon.  It was fabulous!  Had to go back and have it again before I left Las Vegas.
Why does your food have to be so good, Gordo?. . The mini sliders with the applewood smoked bacon, welsh cheddar and garlic aioli were amah-zing!
Like all other Gordon Ramsay restaurants this place is sure to impress. Every detail is carefully engineered down to the outfits that the bus boys wear. The food is amazing and all of the staff is well educated about it and the amazing wine/beer list. The vibe is upscale/energetic and fun with a british twist. Loved it!
I don't understand the terrible reviews, it's a pub-and a great one at that! I think people are forgetting what it is-it's not fine dining, it's casual. The atmosphere is fun, and hip and is reflected in the menu. The fish and chips were excellent.. Bottom line: I thought their beer selection was the best I've seen in Vegas, the fish and chips were excellent and the atmosphere enhanced my experience.
I had checked out of the hotel and had a bit of time before I had to head to the airport so I was thinking of grabbing a quick bite for lunch. There is a food court in Caesars that has what you would find at most mall food courts with a higher price.. . Seeing as I had done pretty well during my stay I decided instead to try something more substantial. SO I selected the Pub and Grill. . . I was more than pleased with my selection. Being a big fan of a the traditional Reuben Sandwich I jumped at the bartenders recommendation of the Dubliner.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-pub-and-grill-las-vegas?select=L6eTYEfU4s3hE-3XWe7mEA#jT7C1Zt9bL1IOQBYg6bN9A. . They basically chop the well seasoned corned beef into small bite sized cubes and layer them with the sauerkraut and the cheese inside an awesome toasty bread bowl. HOLY CRAP, it was delicious. It was paired with a delicious thousand island dressing and some "Chips" that were out of this world. . . I will admit that by Vegas Haute Cuisine standards this lunch was fairly pedestrian but it gets a five from me for creativity, taste, preparation, and out standing service. A special shout out to Bartender/ server Ray Ray, Dude your recommendation rocked.
I was so excited to finally eat at GR restaurant, 3 are open in Vegas but I wanted something low key, Pub and Grill is just that! The food was amazing we had sliders and something I can't pronounce a steak and fish and chips. I found the fish a little salty but very good, we had the pudding cake and it was incredible. I agree with others that the hostess were full of themselves but the server was more then helpful. I can not wait to eat there again!
Great food, great atmosphere all around 5 stars. The short rib and beef cheek sandwich was out of this world. Definitely leave room for the sticky bun desert.
Being in the restaurant industry at Caesars Palace, new restaurants have become common as of late, but Gordon Ramsey's newest endeavor has proven to be a gem among the rest. The environment was highly inviting and comfortable, a very beautiful modern restaurant with a British flair, not only in the decor but in the menu as well. The staff executed every stage of service flawlessly, with full knowledge of menus items and beverages. The iPad presentation of beverages and deserts added an extra interactive touch to service. The appetizers, bread service, beverages and entrees arrived with impeccable timing and were some of the most beautiful dishes I have seen. The overall experience was nothing short of what you'd expect from Chef Ramsey!
Loved it so much the last time I went back again.  Had the filet mixed grill wth jumbo cooked shrimp, pork belly (phenomenal) and filet cooked medium rare to perfection.  Absolutely splendid!  Tried the Cauliflower soup with curry oil but was a bit bland for my taste.  Black truffle fingerling potatoes were absolutely delicious.  Crispy on the outside tender in.  Loved the potted tripple chocolate trifle for dessert.  Will go back for lunch tommorow and try the fish and chips.
A good-sized restaurant, full, busy, lively & noisy.  The shepherd's pie was absolutely delicious.  With the first taste of the mashed potatoes on top, I knew instantly.  Quality of food is outstanding.
Excellent staff, excellent food. Sliders were delish!
Was daunted by reviews but had to try it anyway.. . This is a nice and seemingly consistent place. The decor is great, the food good, and the bartenders friendly.  It feels like a spot to hang out.  No one is conveyoring you along.  . . I watched the end of the Heats winning streak at the bar and met a few friendly people.  Even heard a few English accents.. . The bangers and mash actually tasted healthy (chicken sausage I think) and had a gourmet flair to it.. . Go!. . DT
As a pretty big Gordon Ramsey fan, my husband and I could not wait to go to his pub and grill, especially since he is in the process of hiring a head chef on Hell's Kitchen. It's located in the perfect spot inside caesers palace, the walls were made of empty beer keg's which was pretty awesome. My husband was a little let down at the fact that there were no hot wings on the menu, so he decided to get a burger, while I got the calliflower soup, lunch menu. The food was so good. While I loved my soup I wish I would have gotten the burger, it was amazing. Our waiter was also pretty cool, we were his only table at the time,  so he took the time to chat with us and made our lunch even more enjoyable. All in all I would 100% recommend anyone to this restaurant, and I myself cannot wait to return.
Fish and chips for lunch.  'Nuf said.
This place is delicious. My better half and I were walking around at the Caesars Palace and as soon as we both saw the restaurant, we just had to try it! We both love Gordon Ramsay and his crazy bad temper, so why not try his restaurant?. . We had the Devil eggs and they were out of this world!!! So tasty!! Very interesting way to serve them too. Serve the yolk as a spread rather than already inside of the hard boiled egg white is pretty brilliant.. . I tried the lamb burger and it was really good. I asked for some mustard for the burger and the fries and I almost died. It is so spicy!!! Delicious!!. . My bf had the fish and chips and the fish was cooked perfectly. Really flaky but crunchy on the outside. Exactly what I expected out of fish and chips.. . The only bone I have to pick with this restaurant is the uniforms.....what on earth were those girls wearing?? There was some waitress well in her late 30s, early 40s wearing the trashiest little number ever! And trust me, it was definitely not age appropriate. I would change their uniforms to something a little more modest. Even hooters girls look more modest and out together. . . Hopefully we will be back, soon
Awesome!  Some friends and I had been wanting to go for awhile, finally went last night.  Sat at the bar and had 3 or 4 appetizers and some cocktails.  Staff was awesome, and our bartender, RayRay, explained everything to us about the menu and drinks (who knew there was such a thing as keg wine?)  Great experience, we will be back!
I loved this place. Easily the most hipsters per square inch of any place in Vegas.  I sat at the bar and watched the NBA playoffs and ordered some brews and a burger. The staff was attentive and engaging but not in a cheesy way. The atmosphere was cordial and inviting with some good talent in the hostess and waitress department. The burger was so outstanding I came back two and a half hours later drunk and ordered the Shepard's pie, which was a life changing experience. If you're in Vegas and want a affordable great meal you should definitely hit this place up.
Scallops, Fish/Chips,  Irish Onion Soup, Sticky Pudding, bread and drinks...worth every cent.  One of the best meals I've ever had.  Always have been a big fan of GR and especially the F Word...bigger fan now.
Wow this place was amazing, but the prices... not soo much.. . Walking through the hotel and found this place... concerned about the price but the food looked and sounded really good so we gave it a try.. . This place is really nice and very fancy. It's also a little busy, probably because it was weekend lunch hour. Anyways the service is great! Everyone there is so nice and kind and very helpful.. Th e food is great! You gotta try the Mac n Cheese and the Burger Sliders. . Overall, the food is excellent! People are Great. But I would give this 4 1/2 Stars because of the prices :/. Would come back!
Ate here two times during my Vegas weekend!  First time it was fish and chips.  Fish was in a nice light batter with some thick cut fries!  We ate this at just before midnight and were a little peeved as when we first came by they said kitchen was open till 12:30 AM.  Then when we got there they said the kitchen was closed.  We talked to the manager and they let us order off the pub menu.  . . Second night we ate here we went to town! A couple of drinks off the IPad menu to start off. Chilled Shrimp salad (awesome).  Then I had the Sauteed Scottish Salmon.  It came in a nice light crunchy crust on a bed of fennel mushrooms and asparagus!  We also got an order of mushy peas (which I love!!) My friend ordered the 30 oz. Big Ribeye chop.   This was Fred Flintstone huge!  Food came with the nice bread with cheese dipping sauce.  To end it off we ordered the Sticky Toffee pudding.  . . Expensive yes ...... but pretty damm good!
My daughter and I went for dinner 5pm on 5-26-13 memorial weekend. Made reservations. Had a small wait. Think they forgot about us sitting at the bar but after that it was smooth sailing. Our waiter was great. Very attentive and made recommendations. We had corn soup and veggie salad to start and got very full from just that. The salmon was to die for. My daughter loved the fish and chips. Highly recommend the puree potatoes. So good and flavorful! Eventhough we were stuffed we split the signature dessert and very happy we did. All that for about $150. Our food was fantastic as well as our service.  I will come back next time I am in Vegas!
How "Grimaldis" gets more stars than this place makes about as much sense as the federal budget.  Excellent tasting food. Excellent service.  Excellent atmosphere.  Drinks were excellent. Presentation excellent.
Awesome restraunt. The atmosphere and decore are great. Even had to take a pic of the silverware :-) our waitress Brianna was GREAT!! She was very informative of food, beer and desert. I had the bangers and mash and my husband had fish and chips. The flavors of both were amazing. Would highly recommend this place. Great pick of Beers and the waitress even recommended one in which we are now fans of.. We will be back
Wow..this place has GREAT service AND GREAT food.  I ordered the fish and chips, and they were DELICIOUS.  You can tell that the fish was high quality, and the fries were just amazing.  On top of that...I told my friend I really liked their pens and the server overheard me, and came back with multiple pens and told me to take them home w/ me.  So nice!
Despite poor reviews, we went to Ramsey's pub and grill in Caesar's and we had the BEST time. Food, Fish and Chips and Scottish Salmon were delicious and cooked perfectly, service was fast, our waitress was bubbly and knowledgeable. We ordered coffee and got a full pot which has never happened before in any restaurant in Vegas. Great music and ambiance. We will definitely go back there.
Great shep pie. Burgers are very juicy. Great atmosphere.
Loved it. The pub chips with onion dip was fantastic as was the cheese dip with pretzel bread. My wife and I split the fish and chips and it was still more food than we could finish. Oh and the fish was battered crispy and melt in your mouth inside. Our server, Ali, was pleasant and knowledgable. He checked often and the service was fantastic all around.
The less than stellar reviews on Yelp made us very wary and lowered our expectations sufficiently much before visiting the restaurant. . . We ordered the corn soup and crab salad which were both very very tasty. The fish and chips was perfectly cooked, with fries done the proper English way (not the American Mcdonalds way). It was a little weird to find green peas on the plate of fish and chips, but whatever, it worked.. . Also, we told our waiter that we were sharing all 3 dishes, and he took the initiative to split all our orders. Awesome or what?. . I'd say that this is authentic English pub food but at Gordon Ramsay prices.
I went to Vegas for my birthday last week and it was a great experience. My party of 3 had really great service and the food was fantastic. From the wonderful white wine that the waiter suggested to the warm bread sticks with cheese sauce to the braised beef cheek. The atmosphere was wonderful and comfortable. And the price was reasonable. When I go back to Vegas again I will be dining there for sure.
WOW!. . Amazing and attentive service. Very cool and chill atmosphere. Our server gave us a free drink because (although we didn't ask) her recommended app was not mafist-friendly (people who don't eat mammals... its a real thing, look it up!). My friend's beef main was incredible, I really enjoyed the fish and chips, this was a dining highlight in Las Vegas which should not be missed!
My husband and I were in Las Vegas for a work-cation in the beginning of June. and we went to all three Ramsay's restaurants.  I'd say we are both "amateur" foodies, but we will go out of our way for good food, never fast food.  . . The food was great, and a vey ample selection of beer, wine and drinks to choose from- that thankfully they condensed by using an iPad- making it much easier to navigate than a bulky menu.. . We shared the duck confit, my husband ordered the beef short rib and cheek sandwich, and I had the fish and chips.  The duck was so tender and sweet, no gamey after taste at all.  My husbands sandwich looked beautiful and the small piece he shared with me tasted wonderful, my fish was amazing.  It was so light and wasn't greasy.  (A silly side note... the ketchup is AMAZING- and I normally hate ketchup). . I've seen other reviews saying it's expensive or that they had long wait times or that portion sizes aren't huge....  my husband is a decent sized guy, 6'5" and a good 250 lbs and his meal was enough to satisfy.  I am much smaller and almost never can finish my plate, but I could finished this one and we both had room for the BEST dessert ever.... the Sticky Toffee Pudding is definitely a recommendation.  . . I, personally, appreciated that it wasn't an over sized portion.  Mainly because I hate not finishing my plate and not having any place to store leftovers (our room didn't have a fridge).  . . The price was on par with all things Vegas in my opinion (at least on the strip).  For the food, the experience and the atmosphere are worth it.
Excellent!!
By the yelp rating I really didn't know what to expect but I love Gordon Ramsay and often watch his shows (Hells kitchen and Master chef) and I can not imagine him allowing his name on a terrible restaurant so I decided to give it a try.. This place did not disappoint! I had the best time and have NO complaints because the FOOD and the SERVICE was absolutely great. . If I lived in Las Vegas I would definitely be eating here at least once a week. For sure next time I'm in town I will be stopping by.
This is no exaggeration, the best restaurant I have been to in a long time.  The food is incredible, in fact I can never haver another shepherds pie again, because it is all downhill from here, I will never eat food this good again.  Anyone who argues with a GordonRamsey recipe should be shot and pissed on.  There is not a clunker on the menu.. And if you are lucky enough to have Taylor as your server you will not be disappointed.  Hands down the best service we've had in many many years.
My husband and I celebrated my birthday at the Pub and Grill today. We didn't have reservations and did not have to wait for a table ( we arrived about  12pm) . Our water glasses were filled right after we were seated and our waiter came in less than five minutes to show us the drink menu on the I Pad. Joe ( our waiter) suggested a beer for my husband who is not a beer drinker and he made an excellent choice. I had a Salted Caramel apple martini which was delicious. The drinks came promptly. Joe then came back and took our order remembering I was talking about having the fish and chips. The food came sooner than I expected. My husbands mussels and clams were done to perfection! My order of fish and chips was soooo good I ate everything! I even would have enjoyed a bigger portion of the mushy peas. Our table was bussed promptly and Joe asked if we wanted the Sticky toffe pudding for dessert......ummm YES! I even got a candle to blow out! . . Overall I would recommend trying this place out. Our waiter was attentive and made great suggestions...I am not a drinker by any means and I am usually too full to finish my dinner let alone have dessert....everything about our lunch was a wonderful experience! Chef would be pleased!
Service was on point and knowledgeable. I made a seat reservation, but arrived early and was seated. Had the pork belly which was amazing along with the sticky toffee pudding.
My husband and I just went to Pub & Grill this past weekend and had a WONDERFUL experience!  Our server (I believe his name was Roger) was absolutely incredible!  His service was not only top-notch, but he took time to explain some of the details of the restaurant and what it's like when Chef Ramsay is in the kitchen - it made our experience all that much better!  We ordered the pork belly and shepherd's pie - they were both AMAZING!  I'd highly recommend going to Pub & Grill the next time you are in Las Vegas!!!
1. Gets five stars for doing everything right. 2. We bumbled into the place, just looking for a quick bite before the Absinthe circus show, right outside the entrance of Caesar's Palace. We were seated in the back lounge area, a quasi-man cave with flat screen TVs and nice armchairs. Hostess gets five stars for accommodating two Six Foot Five dudes with no reservations. 3. Excellent service, drink menu on IPAD, enjoyed the cold Grolsch beers. 4. I ordered the chicken and my friend ordered the flat iron steak. small portions all around, but combined with the pretzel stick bread, very filling. . 5. Five stars for the bold choice of sauces: tangy cheese for the breadsticks and horseradish for the flat iron steaks.. 6. Fantastic experience all around, extra points for the sexy hostess uniforms
Fantastic!!!!
Smack in the center of the casino, the Pub and Grill offers a trendy somewhat cosmopolitan dining experience.  Hip music playing with VERY modern decor.  It is worth mentioning that they used beer kegs as decorations.  That made me laugh.  Our server was great but did NOT have the right mentality for the hospitality business.  I did not mind though.  The Shepard's Pie was extremely tasty!!  I am 1000% (not a typo) sure that I will return when I am in Vegas again.  Bravo Chef Ramsey!! Bravo!!
The braised short rib and beef cheek sandwich was amazing, served with crisp and tasty fries. The toffee cake and sweet cream desert was equally delicious.  The atmosphere was fun and lively, we were visiting the day the royal baby was born and they invited all of the guests to join in the bar for free beers and a toast.
Excellent service, quality, and style go into this place. Really enjoyed my experience.
As a macaroni and cheese fanatic/lover, this is the place you must go to if you are as crazy about it as I am. I actually came here twice in a few days to have it again. The lunch portion was perfect, for $17 I think. I came back during dinner and ordered it, and even though it wasn't listed on their dinner menu, they made it anyway and it was $14. The only suggestion I have is to just make the lunch size $14 as well because it seems ridiculous to charge more during the day, and not as much at night especially since you're making the same dish. But, the food was very delicious. Our service was great both times, and the decor is awesome. No complaints! . . I would highly recommend it, and if you go, you must get the truffle macaroni and cheese! It's perfectly creamy and scrumptious!
Gean the bartender is hands down the best server/bartender ever!!!! Not only is he kind and courteous but funny as hell!!! Food is great and if you have a chance stop by and have Gean serve you it's worth sitting at the bar... Trust me
Really good food.  Great service from the waiter, Scott.  Knowledgable, helpful, real.  We went twice during our trip this week, once with my wife, once more with all the kids.  Learned a lot from Scott about Beer, and thoroughly enjoyed both visits.. . One sour note- the female greeters are unattractive, dressed in ridiculous outfits, all seem to have a really bad attitude and are uniformly unhelpful on both visits.  Don't let them scare you away- it's great once you work your way past them.
although it was a little pricey, this was the best meal I have had in a long time.  I got a simple shepherd's pie and it was perfect, my fiance got the steak and I kept teasing him about having a foodgasm.  They had an amazing variety of beer & wine and the staff was friendly, really loved it and would totally go there again.
We had reservations here last night and this was a special treat for us since it was our anniversary dinner and we really wanted to do something special.  . . The hostesses were extremely nice and congratulated us on our anniversary, (thank you!!!!!!!!) our waiter (Ali) was awesome, extremely helpful, knowledgeable and very patient.  He was there all the time asking us if there was anything we needed.  Our food was delicious, I ordered the corn soup and the Iron Steak.  My husband ordered the summer salad and the Cheek steak,  everything was great, the food the service, the atmosphere!  . . We will def come back again!
We opted to go here for a family birthday dinner. The service was extraordinary -- from the time we made the reservations with the hotel concierge.  Kimberly and Lisa Marie took great care of us and accommodated all of our special requests.  We loved our meal.  Burgers were fabulous-- very special ketchup. And my salad with chicken was awesome. Great beer list, too!  We love Innis & Gunn.   From jaynefurman.com "It was beyond sensational." The drink menu is extensive and they bring it to you on an ipad. Three kinds of pretzel rolls accompanied by an amazing flavored butter and an extraordinary cheese sauce. The burger was flavorful and cooked as ordered, which is phenomenal for any restaurant.  Our group is finicky, so kudos to our superb server, Kimberly, who must have a photographic memory.  The server/runner Lisa Marie was incredibly helpful and sweet. When we left, we felt we had two new friends!  Gordon Ramsay's homemade ketchup (and we're not even ketchup fans) is not to be missed. Michael loves the sticky toffee pudding here. The mac and cheese was over the top fabulous -- duck fat croutons, truffles and three cheeses. Burger with applewood smoked bacon and cheese was awesome.   Photos to follow soon
Gordan Ramsay Steak was so good we decided to eat here the next day for lunch. . . Service here was excellent. Drinks were excellent. I really liked the fish and chips but my fiance found it a bit too salty.. . I ordered the toffee pudding, again. AMAZING!
I don't get the negative reviews at all. The service was great, my cocktail was amazing, and the food was delicious. Had the pork belly and it was spot on. Had to also get the English chips, seriously no complaints. We had a great experience.
I came here with friends a while back.  I really loved it here.  . I'm mildly obsessed with Gordon.  I watch everything of his that I'm able to, having access to only what's on Netflix and Hulu, so when I saw that he opened a pub here, I jumped at the chance to go...especially since its a lot more affordable than the steak house. (still dying to try that one.). . For starters, we had the Warm Salty Pretzels, with the beer cheddar and mustard spreads.  These were absolutely delicious.  Good thing we split them between four people, because I could have filled up on those alone.  . . We each got a sandwich/burger each:. Welsh Rarebit Ham Sandwich:  I hate ham.  I really do.  But I wanted to try a bite of this sandwich so that I could say that I was brave and ate ham JUST because it was at a GR restaurant.  It was reallly good.  Open faced sandwich with lots of flavor.  My only complaint is that my first bite fell into my beer. :(  that was totally my fault though. lol. . Pub Lamb Burger:  The menu gives you the option of feta or goats cheese.  My friend opted for the goats cheese, and I think this is the perfect decision.  The lamb burger was just a touch on the dry side, so the feta might have taken away from the taste of the burger.  With the goats cheese, it was flavorful and pretty good.  I'd order it, but like it a little less well done.  . . Pub Beef Burger:  This is the one I got.  Of course, I added the applewood smoked bacon. (duh.)  I loved it.  I thought it was the best tasting meal of the group.  Not only that, but the beer that I chose (Lucky Buddha) went with the burger perfectly.  It was a good size, very juicy, and perfectly cooked.  . . I'm kind of ashamed to say right now that I might have gone too long in writing this review to remember the fourth sandwich.  I could have SWORN that my friend had a corned beef sandwich, but I'm not seeing it anywhere on the menu.  So it might have been the beef cheek one, but I'm not going to review because I don't recall.  Whatever it was, it was really flavorful. :D. . I loved how the sandwiches were all served with REAL chips...they were perfect as well.  Not a single one was over cooked, and they were't super greasy either.. . I will definitely be going back, and hope to save room to try the sticky toffee pudding next time.  . . The staff was awesome, and I love the decor.  We were seated at a "coffee table" type setting with two love seats.  It was right in the middle of the restaurant, where I could watch the football matches in the other room (real football, not American.) :D  . . I felt that the price was good for the quality of the food.  4 of us ate AND drank for about $100.  Not too shabby.  . . Hm.  Maybe I'll go back this weekend... ;)  Now that I'm thinking about it, I'm getting hungry again. :D
I was actually surprised.... And pleasantly so! Taking in a show at Caesar's, we decided to hit Ramsey's place. Great pub feel and they were introducing many new items on the menu. We tried the fish and chips..... Best we've ever had. Light/fluffy and very tasty. We also had the pork chops that had good flavor and cooked perfect. . . The service was good. Different than what I expected.....but in a good way. Friendly and engaged..... Even saw the manager having fun with the guests.. . Yes its Vegas expensive, but overall, a great stop'
I had a very pleasant and fantastic experience here! I heard amazing things about visiting the pub & grill and I went in there with high expectations - - and they were met by far. . . My mom and I both had the pork chops. They were cooked to close perfection. We enjoyed them very much. Also ordered the Yukon Gold potato puree and the truffle mac & cheese as sides for the center of the table to share. Man! Now that was enough food for sure. I felt as if  I could roll out of there at any moment. Everything was so delicious that I made sure I over-stuffed myself.. . Service was great. Our waiter was on top of things the whole time. The food came out rather quickly for how busy it was. You MUST make a reservation. I was lucky to get one, and it was for a rather early time for 5:15, because that is all I could get through Open Table.. . If you are in town visiting - I highly recommend having dinner at Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill. Great service, delicious food, and Caesars is one of the best casinos to visit if you want great food and a great shopping.
Stopped here on a Saturday afternoon in early October for a beer and a snack.  We were impressed with the tap beer selection and ordered a Boddington's and Fuller's ESB.  Both were poured well and were great.  The beers were a bit cold for these types of beers.  It was nice to find these on tap in Las Vegas!. . We decided to get a snack and ordered the crispy bait (some name like that).  The small fish were perfectly fried and had a crispy, light breading.  We changed from the standard lemon aioli to the curry aioli served with a separate menu item and really enjoyed that with the fish.  Maybe they could make an aioli choice with these standard on the menu.. . Bar service was perfect and we appreciated bartender Rains work.. . We will definitely stop in again next time we are in Vegas!
Wow, right off the bat,great looking bar. Waited for the cool sofa tables. Got great service, lets just leave it at that! Way to go, we'll be back when we're not so stuffed! Btw, great pub bloody mary!
What did I expect from Gordon Ramsey ? Perfection! And thats what I got. Great shepherds pie, great atmosphere and great service. I will most defiantly visit again .
My friend and I had an excellent experience here. We came for a pit stop before hitting the strip on a Saturday night. There was a long wait for table, but we were able to walk right up to the bar and sit. . I have to say, this was the way to go. The bartenders were our favorite company for the night! Antwone was hands down our favorite. Ladies, I am telling you, if you want a great view for the night, go no further. Antwone is the best view in Vegas.. We ordered the chicken chop salad and scotch egg to split and I thought the food was amazing. . The people at the bar were social and fun. The whole vibe was great.. But like I said above, the bartenders were really our selling point for this place. I would go back to Ceasars just to visit this Pub again.....
The food was pricey but excellent! We went for simple, classic pub foods- Hubs had the fish & chips, I had the shepard's pie- both were incredible.
Excellent service and Cuisine.
My husband and I went to dinner here the other night. Fantastic. We made reservations because we had read about long waits. We arrived and we're seated in minutes. I read some reviews that said that they staggered seating. I didn't see this happen. The tables that were empty for a bit seemed to be for larger parties with reservations. We also didn't have a long wait for our food. Waiting time, all around, was average. . . My husband had the lamb shank and I had the lamb rack. Both were delicious. The lamb rack comes with a couscous that is to die for. The sides not listed with your dinner come at extra cost. We ordered the mac and cheese, which was the best mac and cheese I've ever eaten. To be fair, the sides probably come at an extra cost because you don't need rhem. We both would have been full and satisfied with just our meals. Our helpings were pretty large. We struggled to finish the extra side. . . As a side note, I ordered my lamb rack medium and it came almost well done. This didn't bother me at all, since the only reason I didn't order it well is that we'll usually translates to burnt at most places. So I was perfectly satisfied with what I was served. . . There is a photographer that will ask if you want your picture taken at dinner. She comes around about 20 minutes later to show you the picture. You get three and a frame for like $18. She also stated that she worked for ceasears and does this at all of the restaurants and attractions within the hotel. So, no matter where you go in ceasears it seems this will happen. You can always say no and she will leave. She in no way pressured us into getting or buying our pictures. . . We also ended with dessert, because we were waiting for our pictured. We ate the pear cobbler, which was warm and gooey. It came with a sweat cream which evened out the dish very well. . . The only complaint I have about the night was that the chairs (not the stools) are pretty low compared to the tablw. I felt like a toddler trying to reach everything, no matter how close I got to the table. . . Other than that, great and interesting place! Would definitely eat here again if I was given the choice!
Contrary to most of the reviews for this place, I found GRPG to be a refreshing change of pace to the stuffiness (or severe lack thereof) of most Strip restaurants.. . What I found most impressive was that they cater to everyone. If you're looking for a fine dining experience, get a bottle of meritage and the veal chop. If you want a beer and some fish and chips, they can do that too.. . Speaking of fish and chips, they were phenomenal. Fat pieces of cod, seasoned perfectly, coated in boddingtons beer batter and fried to a perfect crispness. The homemade chips are tossed in herbs and Parmesan. Ask for a side of garlic aioli to dip them in. It's a revelation. But honestly, the best thing on that plate were the bright green and buttery mushy peas. They had such a beautiful freshness to them and really tasted like...well...peas! But the best peas you've ever had.. . We also had the shepherds pie. Down home goodness with a British flair. The use of lamb along with beef adds such a depth of flavor. Also, instead of using ground meat, the chefs braise it, so you get a nice stew like texture and flavor galore. The potatoes were creamy and rich and the vegetables inside were a perfect al dente.. . We finished this feast with the sticky toffee pudding. Just get it. You are missing something divine if you don't.. . Our server, Elyse, was kind, quick witted and on top of it. She anticipated our every whim. And a huge shout out to Raul and the amazing bar staff for such genius cocktails. These guys know what they're doing.. . All in all, this place rocked it.
LIFE CHANGING!  No joke, everything we had here was amazing and the people that ate on both sides of our table couldn't stop talking about how great their food was.. . Our appetizer was the pretzels (so soft and you have to get it off the Pub Menu) with the housemade mustard and cheddar ale dip.  Then we got the bangers & mash (amazing), truffle mac & cheese (so good) and the sliders (on the Appetizer section of the Lunch Menu) which were so good because they were charbroiled.. . The desserts we got were the pear cobbler and sweet cream (whipped cream) which were really good but the best part of the entire meal was the sticky toffee pudding.  When I said life changing I mean LIFE CHANGING!  I've never had anything like it and I'm pissed that I probably never will again!. . We put in our reservations through Open Table and I'm glad that we did because there was a 30 minute wait.  At the moment we couldn't find the restaurant on Caesar's map layout online but it's right outside the entrance to the Forum Shops.
To die for! We went for lunch on a weekday and had no wait for a table. Our service was fast and our server was excellent! We had the French Onion Soup for starters. The server had them put it in two bowls so we could both have a good taste. It was just wonderful! I had the lamb burger with goat cheese. Unforgettable! It was so juicy and full of flavor. One month later I am still craving it! My husband had the bangers and mash, those were some of the best mashed potatoes I have ever had in my life! We will definitely go back next time we are in Vegas!
My last stop on my Gordon Ramsey restaurant adventure, and I'm ending it at the Pub. It has a great look. Very laid back just like an English pub. More of a relaxed atmosphere where you just kick back and relax with a drink and unwind. . . I came for lunch and was seated right away. Again great service. Very attentive server. Explains to me everything about the pub, and drinks they have as well as the food. Now I'm a big Chef Ramsey fan and I've seen his dishes at the pub on his shows that he did in Europe and I was extremely excited to finally get to try it. . . I had his signature Shepard's pie. OMG! Amazing! The beef and lamb stew with the creamy potato layer on top was fantastic. The meet was very very tender and had so much flavor. I also tried his signature fish and chips. By far the best fish and chips I've had! Big tender flaky fish fried to perfection with a light crispy batter. The crunch on the outside was great. The batter was thin and lots of fish on the inside! Amazing! The fries were just as good. Any time you get fresh cut fries it's always good! For dessert again I got his signature sticky toffee pudding. This one is similar to his steak restaurant. Served hot but with out the brown butter ice cream like the the steakhouse restaurant. Came with a vanilla ice cream. . . I had an amazing time at all 3 of his restaurants in Vegas. The food is amazing, he really knows his food and it shows. I'm definitely a bigger fan now!
We've eaten at Gordon Ramsay's Pub Grill several times, and tonight wasn't any different!  A regular stop for us when we're in Vegas! Besides the wonderful food (try the hanger steak!), the service is top notch! Even though it's in the middle of a casino and can get crowded, the staff is what one would expect when eating at such a famous chef's restaurant. The waitress knew the menu, made wonderful recommendations, and catered to our every need. We started off with the Butternut Squash soup with herb butter (rich!), after I ordered the Traditional Shepard's Pie, made with beef and lamb. It's wonderful topping of whipped mashed potatoes browned to perfection is to die for! My husband ordered the hanger steak, and he offered me a few bites. So tender! Finally, we devoured the sticky, toffee pudding! I can't say enough about our waitress, or the table attendant. So friendly and always asking if we needed anything, and when dinner was served, she came straight by to make sure we were happy!  Awesome job!!  I nearly nicked Ramsay a star for a lady walking around taking souvenir pictures. She had a rattling loud gab fest at the table next to us in a restaurant that has to modify noise levels anyways. She stayed too long chatting it up at this table.  I don't think we need souvenir photographers in a world with Iphones. There was also a very large pool of water in the hallway in the kitchen area that I could see from the restrooms, and it was alarming they'd allow that to be tracked around. My paper menu was soiled as well.  Other than that, we'll be back!
My girlfriend and I just finished our meal here (as in haven't even received the check yet). Absolutely incredible food. I had the Scottish Salmon with a potato puree side and she the Lamb Shank. Both were phenomenal; even my beer burps afterwards are delicious. Service was quick and pleasant. I will recommend this place to anyone, and we can't wait to visit again.
Hubby and I came here for lunch. Great service and food. The Deviled Eggs were amazing. Hubby had the Beef Rib and Cheek Sandwich. I had the Fish and Chips. Both were delicious. We will definitely be back. Of all the celebrity chef restaurants, this had the best overall dining experience. And if you come for only an appetizer, get the duck confit fries....the gravy is the best gravy anywhere.
Spotted dog hands down an amazing dessert. It's organismic good. Entree of choice is shepard's pie, totally delicious!
The best restaurant period! I loved everything. The pretzel bread. The Sheppards pie. The chicken, the streak and fries. The mac and cheese. The best dessert I have ever had (I can't remeber the name). The waiters where super nice. The seating was amazing. The menu was short and sweet. Every detail of the place was presented well. From the menu that was on a clip boared to the  place mats that were made of wood. I will come back and bring my mom :)
I'm not sure I went to the same place as others. Either that or some people get some kind of weird thrill out of nitpicking celeb restaurants rather than reviewing honestly) We ended up here Christmas Eve after deciding that the 4 hour wait for Bacchanal wasn't putting us in the holiday mood. We asked for specific seating (not  wanting to sit at the pub tables) and received it with a smile. . We started with the pork and duck rillettes, which were delicious and well prepared.. Our table of 3 had the hangar steak, the scallops and the pork belly with the baby carrots and potato puree to share. Steak was flavorful and tender (the server did suggest my Mom order it no more done than medium which was a good call), the scallops were very well done and the pork belly was yummy.. Desserts were beyond good. We had the triple chocolate trifle, the pear crumble and the spotted dog.. Total for our table with 3 entrees, 2 sides, 1 app, 3 desserts, 2 glasses of wine and bottled water was $240. Service was impeccable and friendly.. This is pub food at its best. English pubs, by the way, are not known for huge menus, so to expect a Cheesecake Factory type menu here is ridiculous. It is actually a fairly extensive menu for a pub. Prices were in line with other casino restaurants of the same pedigree.
had a unique Xmas day dinner of fish and chips, mushy peas, carrots and sprouts....my wife had been wanting to try out a GR restaurant for a long time......he passed with flying colors. Our server, Natalie, was excellent ( friendly polite and professional .....could ask for nothing better). Ambience delightful.....lovely mix of seating, comfortable chairs, great pictures, good lighting, interesting tableware and obviously a great deal of thought had gone into everything...and I mean everything, including the staff uniforms. Without any doubt this was the best fish and chips we have enjoyed anywhere in America. Fish was fresh with perfect texture and the batter was crispy and non greasy...chips chunky, great taste and sauces were all fresh......not sure why anyone can't enjoy great pub food and friendly service in very comfortable and interesting surroundings . we will return on every visit to Las Vegas
The wife wasn't hungry so it basically became a 'stop for a pint' adventure at the bar. It ended up a 4 pint long stay mainly because they had the best bartender we've had in 11 days in Nevada. RAY RAY. He kept topping up my wife's orange juice and giving me large free samplesof beers I was curious about. I would definitely eat there next time. Wish the place was closer.
