Ditto Blair B:. I'm a sucker for anything cheese-ball and Vegas-y. Fremont street is always my first place to take guests in the evening because it just screams VEGAS if you ask me. I feel like a giddy tourist as I walk around and gawk and soak in the local flavor.
I love the Fremont Street Experience! The strip has more than it's share of notable attractions of course, but I'm a sucker for a three-block-long, insanely outrageous video screen with varying light shows (and killer sound) that are both cheesy and great at the same time. Who would build such a thing? It's like a bad movie that everyone loves (the actual "experience" really defies description - you just have to see it for yourself!). Add to that the variety of tourists, the live bands and stunt shows, the frosty beverages and the gritty downtown environment and its well worth the trip to L.V. even without visiting the strip. It is also nice to be able to walk from one casino to the next. The Golden Nugget is spectacular and the others are good to ok!
Considering that I've been spending more time around the area, I suppose I should actually get into all the details of why I love the Fremont Street Experience.. . It's the oldest part of Vegas (come to think of it, it actually IS Vegas - The Strip in all actuality is really Clark County), and is one of the few areas that doesn't seem to have Vegas' famous history destroying wrecking ball constantly looming over it like the Eye of Sauron.  It's full of classic hotel/casinos, shops, bars.... You name it, they got it.  They even used to have a shopping center (Neonopolis) that had a movie theater and other things, but that died an unimpressive and choking death.. . I still tend to think of Vegas as "bright lights, big city", with all the neon and flashy bulbs. The Strip is slowly becoming less and less of that, but not Fremont!  They even have a few vintage signs around the area courtesy of the Neon Museum.  It's pretty to look at, and everything is so close together, it's one big light show.. . That's another thing: Closeness.  You can casino hop by just crossing the street, completely drunk, and not get lost, or feel unsafe.  Some of the casinos, like Golden Nugget, are just classy and beautiful.  Some things have closed due to tough economic times, but are set to reopen(!) soon after getting renovated.  They've really been cleaning up the area, and it shows.. . The place itself is full of personality, street painters, musicians, and costumed mascot characters walk up and down the area.  Some of the costumed folk are a bit... well, not so great, but a run in with an Elvis impersonator is all but guaranteed, and a dwarf Mr. T?  Astounding!. . And there's also fun to the ghetto parts.  Some bars you go in just to get plowed, or consume cheap fried food. There's a strip club (which I can't vouch for), but the signs above, with sayings like "Zounds!", and "Gadzooks!", are funnier than they should be.. . If you don't want ghetto casino bars, the area also hosts some of the coolest eclectic bars in all of Vegas.  Fremont Street East has got a ton of unique, quality bars, and is becoming more and more my hotspot.. . There's also other entertainment.  The zipline going across over half the area is fun and a must do, and then there's the lightshow.  It's fun to watch at least once.  Past that, or if you live here, when the lights go down, it's like navigating a sea of drunken zombies.  None move, they all look up, and they are impossible to get around without some quick thinking.. . Cheap, fun, trashy, cool, alive, vintage, quirky, unique, flashy, and fascinating are all words that come to mind when playing at Fremont Street.  It's simultaneously a gaudy tourist wonderland, and home to some of the coolest, non-pretentious spots around.  You go to the Strip to impress and been seen.  You come to Fremont Street to just have fun.. . Whatever your excuse, it's always nifty.
Kitchy, old-timey, neon-engulfed fun. That was my Fremont Street Experience.. I loved how stages were set up in different areas with different musical acts, performing their hearts out for the Monday crowd... and you know, that Monday crowd wasn't at all a "Monday crowd".... everyone was jammin'! I loved how casual and tourist-friendly it seemed (giant lit ceiling over a walkway between Vegas' historical casinos.... hmm, yep, sounds touristy to me)... but I can honestly say, I absolutely LOVED how drink prices dropped exponentially down here. My wallet was already feeling quite light, so nothing tickled me more that evening than to pay less than $10 for two VERY strong cocktails. Definitely enhanced that warm fuzzy feeling I was getting from watching the light show.... and that light show is legit. I don't care what anyone else says, I loved the huge picture show over my head. Be warned... I would imagine taking any sort of hallucinogens before viewing the light show might cause someone to have some sort of seizure... or at the very least, cause a freak-out. . This, for me, was a nice change of pace from wandering the Strip. Definitely a repeat.
What a fun place!!!  We decided to head here for our first night in Vegas and had a blast.  The tables are cheaper here and so are the drinks. The video screen roof is totally impressive and they play cool stuff on there all night.  They had a couple of bands playing while we were there and lots of cool vendors as well. The only downside was there was a lot of homeless people that kept asking for money, but it wouldn't stop me from absolutely spending an evening there again.
FUN FUN FUN & CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP!  Fremont St. is THE place to people watch, hear good music from cover bands and street musicians, drink on the cheap, and just explore.  The light show that happens on the hour with bands like Queen, The Doors, Don McLean (which by the way is awesome singing American Pie with thousands of strangers)!  So much is happening on this street you'll forget the time.
Do you REALLY need to spend $15 per drink and be treated like dirt by uppity Strip staff? NO! You have a choice!. . Skip the Strip and party downtown on Fremont Street instead. Take a cab or park at one of the hotels (parking is the only kinda pain-in-the-ass part of coming here; some hotels only allow guests to park in the garage, but most just require a validated ticket, which is easily done at the casino cage)...and then just wander around in a Fear-and-Loathing-esque stupor, drinking and stumbling without fear of repercussion.. . Along the way, you can meander from dingy old casino to dingy old casino, drinking and gambling and eating for CHEAP! Sure, you won't find the same army of high-end silicone service bots the Strip has to offer...but Fremont hotels have party pits and semi-hot bartenders too. And with the amount of cheap booze you're sure to down, you won't even notice that the gash you're ogling is of a decidedly lesser caliber than uptown on the Strip.. . The best thing about Fremont is all the street performers. For FREE, you can wander around and watch live bands (there are two stages), street artists and a PLETHORA of all-around wackos -- from real-life crackheads and homeless people to Hollywood Blvd. refugees dressed up in crazy costumes, posing for photos and hustling for tips. You'll see Gumby and Batman, a super-busty pirate wench and many Elvi and MANY showgirls...all hanging out loitering on the pedestrian mall for your amusement. IT'S GREAT! I once had a fabulous big group sing-a-long with "Bret Michaels," "Elvis" and "Sheriff Buford T. Justice" from Smokey and the Bandit... what FUN! . . The only thing I don't like is the stupid light show -- a canopy covers the Fremont St. pedestrian mall, and once an hour an insanely LOUD, obnoxious light show plays to the ear-splitting strains of some tired classic rock band or another. But it IS fun to look around at all the slack-jawed white-trash yokels staring blankly up at the ceiling, like idiot believers awaiting a neon rapture.. . Overall, RUN, don't walk, to Fremont St. if you're looking for an unpretentious slice of over-the-top Vegas cheese and nastiness. GO NOW!
You never know what you will see on Fremont st. The place for a cheep show from the man in the box to the guy painting with spray paint to the guy doing clay sculpture while you wait also you may see jesus. The light show if pretty cool to.
it's always fun to "people watch" on fremont cause it's just a diverse street of fun people having a good time~! a group of my girlfriends and i went soley for the new addition to vegas attraction ZIPLINING! now i forgot to mention, i'm a pansy when it comes to heights! sooo us girls, wanted to do something "different" on a typical vegas weekend. and fremont lived up to our "trying something different" experience! we arrived around 5 and fremont street wasn't as lively until a couple hours of our stay. we bought our tickets to zipline but whats decent is you can go at any time of the day before i believe midnight. for only $15 before 6pm and $20 after... we ate a nearby pizza place. i forgot what it was called. but its across from the rainbow casino. the pizza was doughy and over greased with oil!!! we ate it anyway and enjoyed each other's company. finally as the sun was ready to leave for the day, we decided to fall in line for the main attraction! 5 floors up and the line wasn't as busy as purchasing tickets. the anticipation of waiting to fly over the vegas crowd was creeping! ziplining at fremont has no age requirement only weight (90lbs-200lbs) and go 4 at a time.. there's a couple of gentlemen that help get you strapped in your harness, be aware of their "inapporpiate comments" ladies! after being strapped in walk up a flight of stairs to see the "ants" (people) that are happily waving for your take off. the wait on the stool before they tell you sit in your harness was the scariest/butterfly feeling ever. then they push you for a head start and there you gooo "FLYING!" FUN FUN FUN FUN!
I must say Fremont has changed from the last time i was there. More things to look at which go from Funny to Awe inspiring to down right scary where you want to look away but cant. I love Running into Capt Jack Sparrow and Prince Lmao. Watching people go across the zip line is badass. And the free flowing alcohol though its not free lol.
This is the old strip not the new one. Being a bit of a history buff I love it! I feel like I went back in time when I was here awhile ago. Just about everything inside and out is retro, even the people working seemed to have hair cuts from the 70's. Oh btw.."clearing my throat"..what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas :)
Oh how I love Freemont Street you walk and see some of the old Vegas. Yes, it is diminishing more and more which is why I choose to stay in downtown.  Still a fun place to see a show that you will not see anywhere else.. . Every hour on the hour they give you a great mix of songs and visual effects above the several blocks that is Freemont Street. Well worth coming down to check out a few of the shows and get a fell of old Las Vegas!
This is a must do for any multiple night trip to Vegas!  I recommend getting a hotel in this area for one night of a trip and move to the strip for the rest of the trip.. . You really can't understand how huge the video screen is until you see it.  Think Super Bowl screen that goes on for 2 blocks!  Throughout the night, the show rotates through a number of popular bands.  It is amazing to watch 1000 tourists all stop and stare at the ceiling for 10 minutes.. . What makes it even better is that you can drink while walking down the street, like all of Vegas.  What is different about Fremont Street from the Strip is how easy it is to find cheap drinks.  Just dip into any of the casino bars.  I even found a place that did $1 Jag shots!. . There are many street performers that line every inch of the street.  Many of them dressed up like your favorite movie character.  A few actually look like the person they are dressed as.  . . Live bands often play on stages set up on the street between video productions.  The night I was there, a fantastic 80s cover band played well past midnight.. . Didn't try the famous zip line because the line was HUGE!  If you are going to do this, I recommend trying it during the day in the middle of the week.  . . You really haven't done Vegas until you go to old Vegas!
Since some things have changed since my last update, I thought I'd reflect as such.. . The problem with Fremont Street is purely a matter that I like it too much.  It really is my favorite area of the city, and it continues to get better.. . I love the old-school casinos with all of their pretty lights that remind you of all those old Vegas movie montages where they would show all of those lighted signs one after another.  What's left of the Strip is on the endangered species list, but what they have here flourish from both still open casinos, and contributions from the Neon Museum.. . Fremont Street East (in my opinion) is one of the best quality drinking areas in the city.  The majority of places don't gut you on prices, or you get what you paid for.  There are really good lounges (including Insert Coins, where you can play classic arcade games while you drink - though I more game there), and if you get there before the hipster crowd, you won't feel overwhelmed by the mobs of people.. . The area still retains a vibe of fun.  Ziplining is still going strong, semi-janky costumed mascots still pose for photo ops (my current amazing find is a guy dressed up as Minnie Mouse - perception all changes when that head comes off), this Summer is all about '80's music, so the atmosphere is lively and fun, and surprising but true, the Neonopolis is slowly returning.. . But I mean SLOWLY.  Don't expect to see the place thriving, but there is an awesome vintage toy store there, and hints that some mega Denny's is coming.  Ah, the ultimate "work off that drunk" bastion of eateries.  I REALLY hope they bring back a movie theater.  They really need to bring back a movie theater.. . It's weird to me how the Strip is so "meh" and eager to let old places rot until they can be torn down, yet a number of Fremont's old places get a beautiful full renovation, while keeping all the old-style charm.  Golden Nugget is a classy joint, and the Plaza is set to reopen with an all-new upgrade (going inside the Plaza now looks like the zombie apocalypse).  I'm impressed that they actually try to SAVE places down here.. . The area does need to expand its good-time feel farther, however, there gets a point where the lights, music and vibe die down, and it gets a little sketchy.  But people should recognize those areas long before you walk into them.. . The Strip needs to take a long, hard look at what Fremont is doing to itself.  It's no longer the "second grade" section that people once considered it.  Sure, it's still touristy, but the hidden eateries, drinkeries, the "cut loose and have fun" attitude, and the growing artsy feel turn this place into a really fun one-stop package.  Once you find a place to park, there are enough venues and activities to keep a person interested for hours.
Everyone has to try the Fremont Street Experience!! Now they have a zip tie you can ride above! And don't forget to hit up the Golden Nugget and check out the shark tank in the pool!!
Fremont Street in the older part of Las Vegas has different entertainment venues to offer if you don't want to go to the clubs.  On Friday night of my weekend stay, I went to hear 80s cover bands for free along Fremont Street.  Literally, it was Nina Blackwood weekend.. You can walk along and hear bands or zip line across Fremont Street.  If you're looking for something FREE and different to do, check out Fremont Street in Las Vegas.  Checkout my pictures of the stage.  It was fun.  It definitely is the more alternative or Bohemian part of the Strip.  Don't miss it if you're here.
OH DOWNTOWN VEGAS! HOW I LOVE THEE! Let me count the ways~. . Best Hotel: Golden Nugget, Rush Tower. I was extremely impressed with the rooms. It beats some of the ones on the Strip. I've stayed at other DT Vegas casinos & this is the best.  . . Best Pool: Golden Nugget. Tank full of sharks while you slide through it. How cool is that?! Does the Strip have that? I think not! (I've been wanting to do this for the past 2 years but I never seem to have the time. You will be mine someday!). . Best Craps Table: Freemont Casino. $3 craps table! Need I say more?! PLUS they have a counter on the table so that way you can see how long the shooter has been shooting. I hate it when I end up playing at a cold table & some guy (or girl, equal opportunity for all) craps out right after the point is made *shakes fist angrily!*. . Friendliest Dealers:. Don't know how to play craps? Want to test out blackjack? No problem! They are more than willing to explain the games for you. Trust me. I know. This is where I learned how to play craps. . . Not to mention, they'll chat and make jokes with you. I'm not saying I always win when I play (but how I wish I did!). But when I'm losing, there is nothing worse than handing your money over to a poker face, dull, unchatty Strip dealer on top of that. Even though you're parting with your money at DT Vegas, at least you did it while laughing and having a good time.. . Friendliest people:. Singing on the streets with strangers to KISS and Queen with hundreds of people while being entertained by the Viva Vision. . . Walkability:. No taxis needed! DT vegas is extremely walkable. You can walk up & down the entire place in undef 15 minutes. It takes 10 minutes on the Strip to walk from one casino to another. If I wanted to walk, I would've just gone to the gym & walk on a treadmill!. . I'm not saying DT Vegas is perfect. It doesnt have the clubs, buffets, and Cirque du Soleil shows (if it did I would never step foot on the Strip again!). Both the Strip and DT Vegas have the homeless people. But one thing that I prefer DT over the Strip is that I don't have to be bombarded with people trying to give me nudie girl cards and walk on a street covered with cards of stars over girls tatas & "Girls Direct to Your Room!" That's not classy =(. . Real people. Real fun. Real easy on the wallet.. . And if you don't love Downtown Vegas as much as I do after reading all that, well, you can just take your tushy back on the Strip! =p
It's awesome!!! It's a little piece of history still alive! I am obsessed with all the old signs and I love how they have some of the old neon signs on display. Tables are much cheaper than the main strip, so thats always a plus too! I just think its awesome to see old Vegas and the whole Fremont lighted canopy. A must see in Vegas!
Oh how I love Freemont Street you walk and see some of the old Vegas and enjoy a great light show every hour!!!
How can you not love the Fremont Street Experience. The amazing FREE neon light show that goes on every half hour at night.  I've seen the different light shows many many times and it still blows my mind. Live bands, cheap drinks and food, one giant party all the time.  You'll run into the weird characters here, impersonators, artists, locals, out of towners, drunks, sobers, people who you haven't see in years. It's the entire Vegas crammed into one small few blocks. Bar/casino hopping made easy you don't have to worry about getting tired from the walk just step outside and walk next door, scaled version of the strip easy on the feet.
I LOVE downtown!. . I avoid the main las vegas blvd strip like the Plague unless I am attending a show at one of the Hotels.. . Downtown/Fremont Street Experience is where it is at!. . Every time I go I see new things cropping up. I especially like all of the alternating cover/music bands on the different stages. It used to be only on weekends, however now there are music gigs taking place all week!. . Music!!! Free musical entertainment, you can't go wrong with live bands!. . October has been super fun with the special Halloween extravaganza going on all month!. . I went with my buddy Joey this past Saturday and checked out the group "Frank and the Steins" with their awesome stage set up for Halloween. They danced and sang some goodies such as "Thriller" "Dracula" "Witchy woman" Devil girl" "Time warp". Loved the costume changes specific for each song, I had a blast!. . Drinks are a great deal as well and nobody has the drink specials you can find Downtown!. . A great place for people watching as you will come across ALL kinds. . . I did notice lately a lot more of the street performers have cropped up in position throughout Fremont.. . Parking is easy also, I usually park at El Cortez, since I always pass through anyways for a round of black jack or a drink.. . Last time I pulled into a parking lot in front of Main Street Station entrance in which the hotel validates and refunds the $3 bucks so parking is free!. . I have yet to do the zip line as I have very long hair, one too many nightmares of my hair getting caught in the line and being scalped has kept me from doing so.. . There are so many reasons I love FSE, each time is a new experience for me. It never gets dull, and you can have a blast without spending a lot.
After getting our marriage license my husband and I walked to Fremont street, another part of Vegas I had never even heard of. When we got there I seriously lost my mind, it was such a beautiful plethora of neon lights and an electric crowd with titillating sight and sound. I thought to myself if I had never been to Vegas before I'd assume Fremont street was the Vegas strip lol. . . There were sky gliders, masked men on stilts , ravers dressed up in chunky platforms and harrowing attire, Disney characters, Elvis and Marilyn Monroe hand in hand ready  to take pictures for $5.00 or more. . . Signs of Fried Twinkies for $1.00 and Funnel cakes made my eyes wide as saucers. And there was a randomly placed rock band entertaining bikers that hailed from all over the east and west for the biker convention that weekend. . . I will never forget Fremont street. If I could compare it to anything I would say it was a lot like when James discovered what was inside the Giant Peach.
Absolute must see if you're visiting Vegas. . . Always a fun atmosphere. Always something interesting to see. Cheap(er) drinks. Live entertainment. . . Def. worth the short cab ride from the strip.
We were there over Halloween weekend, and the sights and costumes were something to see.  The street itself was wall to wall people and music, it was truly an experience.   The overhead shows were great.   One was Don  McLeans 'American Pie" and the other was a saluteto The Doors.  Both were reflective of the 60's, very enjoyable.    . If you want to get the 'full' experience, do the zip line.   Fast and fun!
Seriously how could anyone not love this place. First thing I saw when I walked into the madness was a dude dancing around in a bikini with a wig on. Then some of the biggest fake boobs I've ever seen walked past me and then I spotted Prince. Wow all this goodness in just one place, how could you go wrong?. . Then I find out there's a zipline that goes down the middle of the street. Done and done. . . And all kinds of casinos with cheap ass games. Drunk idiots everywhere. Krispy Kreme. . . FUCK, this is the spot. Why go to all the glitz and glam of vegas when you can hang with the creatures trolling the street here.
What is not to love about Freemont? . Oh man, you can see ANYTHING here. I thought the strip was crazy, well the real crazies who don't give a rats ass on who sees them (the unprofessional ones that is) are at Freemont! haha. . . I didn't know what to expect when my friends took me downtown. All i knew was that the slot machines are more loose, and that there are light shows every hour. Once down there, I definitely saw and did as they planned but I saw these two short muscular asian men doing some CRAZY acrobat moves, and then i was . hypnotized watching DJ Lady Gogo dance. That girl has a HOT BOD. . After watching her dance, we told ourselves that when we go home, we'd start dancing like that everyday till we get a body like that! . But she was really talented. We saw a little girl doing pretty much a mirror image dancing with DJ Lady Gogo and it was definitely not rehearsed, that little girl could shuffle and dance like Michael Jackson.. . We saw some a crazy ....lady...man ( I still have no idea ) Dance with not a care in the world if someone was recording.. it. . . It was a lot of fun. We almost went in to one of the casino to eat white castle sliders but decided not to (kinda looked sketch IMO) . . We went into the Plaza and Golden Nugget. They have coin slots there but i believe its only poker coin slots.  We learned how to play Craps at the tables there. The people were real nice. . . Theres 808 Vegas where you can buy yummy Beef Jerky and other sorts of candies.  They have a little of everything and theres more locals from Hawaii there.. SOOO if you want the calmer side of the casinos, go downtown!
Recently visited Fremont street for the first time while on a family vacation.  Brought Gramma, toddler, baby, hubby, and Aunt along for the trip!  It was a blast!  We stayed for 3 of the hourly light shows and wandered the entire length of freemont street taking lots of touristy pictures!  Got pictures with some of the Fremont Characters that dress up and bought a few gadgets along the way.  Saw street performers, showgirls, and live music - a great evening!  Even stopped at one of the Casinos by the very end that served up deep fried donuts, twinkies, and a bunch of other odd creations . At around $1-$2 we had to try them!  There is even a Krispy Kreme along the walk if you're looking for that sort of thing.  Lots of cheap food and free entertainment (tips are of course always welcomed).  There was a really cool zipline (reasonably priced from $10-$25) depending on the time of day you could go on to get an aerial view of Fremont street!. . A definite place to to stop by!  We went from 6pm-9pm - a great time if bringing family.  It was dark so the lights were excellent but before the all the rowdiness began.. . I've uploaded a few pics of the foods and light shows, too!
I've always considered myself a classy woman. This place proved me wrong!!! I was in sensory overload with all the lights and activity around me. I saw Elvis, Tupac, 2 Minnie Mouses, OH and Bret Michaels.... If you've got champagne tastes, but a beer budget like me, sleep at your choice of hotel at The Strip, but eat, gamble, and definitely BUY your souveniers here!!!
I highly recommend the Fremont Street Experience to all who Visit Las Vegas. It is a Show for all ages and it is Free.  Easy to get to and always Entertaining.
On my last trip to Vegas, we spent the majority of our time walking around Fremont Street, and peeking into those cheapy little shops. Some of the celebrity impersonators seem like they might have been The Zodiac Killer, but others are pretty nice. The highlight of my impersonator run ins was Freddy Krueger from A Nightmare on Elm Street. I am borderline obsessed with that movie, so the moment that I saw him I insisted that I take a picture with him. He was very nice, and posed as if he was slitting my throat with one of his claws. It was amazing! We also ran into a dog that looked like a canine version of Nikki Sixx from Motley Crue, so I got my picture with the dog too. We both wore sunglasses, and the dogs trainer had it put it's paws on my shoulders. I couldn't keep a straight face, and it was probably the highlight of my year! . I also suggest that you try the deep fried Oreos! There is a casino that deep fries sugary treats, I just don't remember what it was called. Staying at The Golden Nugget and bumming around on Fremont Street was a great experience.
Loved it!  We went there two nights of our Vegas trip.  The live music was awesome! Arena was a great 80's rock band!  Also, really good band that did a nice job with LMFAO look alikes and music. Just a great place to people watch, dance in the streets and have fun.  Dinner at Main Street and the micro-brews were awesome!  I am still bummed I did not get my picture with Jonny Depp. ;-) The O2 bar was a treat.  Husband was happy to find $5 craps tables on a Friday night!.
The lights on Freemont street were simply awesome. I think I had the best seat in the house! FRONT AND CENTER! Well...we all did...but this was just fun. A mixed crowed was there...the Casinos are iffy...but I love this! I went here before thinking I would get to see where Adam (from Honey I Blew Up the Kid) put the car on the cowgirls leg....sadly a lot has changed since that movie came out...but still it was worth the experience. We went ziplining...AWESOMENESS!
What can I say is the Fremont this is what Las Vegas is all about I mean come on people where else you can find Vegas at its best.  The Fremont Experience is my favorite spot here in Vegas.  From Traditional and Historical Casino, to great live entertainment, to fun gambling, to famous restaurant and cuisine this is where the heart and soul of Vegas live.  You can do it all here they even have a strip club for all you horny men out there also.  I prefer the Fremont better than the Las Vegas Strip.  I more live, more affordable, more fun, and is Vegas at it best.  People dont only come to vegas to find a good time people come to Vegas to have a good time.  I approve this message.
My favorite place in Las Vegas hands down. It's where the real folk go to get away from the snobs and wanna be elitists on the strips. . . Live entertainment. Cheaper drinks. Zip line. Down to earth people. Who could ask for more, other than a shuttle? Oh wait, there's one of those too!. . I don't know why people spend so much to be a part of the fake & classless on the strip because right here on Fremont St is where I ALWAYS want to be.
This is the best part of any Vegas trip.  With the street closed off the throngs of people are no longer confined to a thin strip of sidewalk in front of some overpriced hotel.  The performers were entertaining, the bands were fun, and the crowd was down to earth.  Why spend twice as much to have half as much fun on the strip.
Truely an amazing experience.. . The place is pretty much a bunch of TV screens to make a huge music video with the proper sound system to make it exceptional... and its like long!!!!. . All while shopping, enjoying street entertainment or even ziplining.. . Food is near.. . This place gets super crowded!!!
Wow, what do you do with an old, fading, long-in-the-tooth city, completely overshadowed by a resort area nearby?. . The last time I was to downtown Las Vegas here some years ago, the big flashing signs on the casinos were dirty, lots of the bulbs were burnt out, bums were staggering up & down the sidewalks, & the casinos were run down & not that busy.  Well, THAT WAS THEN & THIS IS NOW!     :-)). . Welcome to the NEW downtown Las Vegas, featuring the "Fremont Street Experience"!  As luck would have it (& luck is a very good thing to have when you're in Vegas!), Mike C. & I just happened to be prowling around up here on the evening of Dick Clark's passing.  A special tribute was held, which included a feature presentation of his long, amazing life & career, all displayed on the 5 block long overhead screen that covers Fremont Street here.  Not only that, all of the casinos & other businesses turned off all of their outdoor lights, including their spectacular signs (now restored to perfect, somewhat original condition) for a minute of tribute.  Many patrons poured out of all the casinos along Fremont to join this moment of remembrance, & it was something very special!. . This place was jumping with zillions of people too, by the way!  There were young & old, kids, locals & tourists.  Bands played free, (yes, wear your dancing shoes!), sidewalk acts such as you see at Venice Beach, CA were all around, Heart Attack Grill kept people eating (& dieing for another hamburger), & it was all a scream, really.  (Speaking of screams, there's even a (slightly) scary, long, zip line ride where you can whiz along for blocks under the canopy.). . Come after dark, because this long canopy/display screen covering the mall-cum-street is one of the main attractions.  The fun is free here, including SOME of the parking, if you don't mind hunting around the neighborhood to find it.  In any event.... . YOU WANT THIS!     :-))
This is the kind of experience that you could rate anywhere from 1 star to 5 stars. Why? Because its mad crazy! It's a freak show. it's tacky. It's got live bands. it's got talented artists, impersonators, show girls, Elvii of all kinds, tourists galore, a laser light show that ranges from weird to awesome, overpriced objects for sale, lots and lots of casinos and eateries...  I mean, you have to give it 5 stars because it does weird so well.. . My favorites: . . 1) the saxophone player. He definitely loves his sax playing. He's been playing solos to his own background music here for 12 years and attracts a good crowd because he's not only great, but he's a good showman. There is nothing better than listening to a talented artist and witnessing his/her joy in performing. Buy a CD from him!. . 2) the "dance floor". There's either a DJ spinning or a live band, but the fun is watching the half-drunk people crazy-dancing either alone or with impromptu partners. There's something about seeing people of all ages mingling and tossing their cares to the wind to simply have a good time- it just makes you smile. This is where tourists act on the "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" mantra- you just KNOW they don't do this stuff at home. On the other hand, a lot of these people are locals- even funnier.. . 3) The laser light show on the ceiling. Some of the shows are boring and song choices are weird. Last night they did American Pie. This is not a happy song, yet people are smiling, dancing and singing to McLean's ode to death and political demonstrations while watching cheerleaders on the ceiling.  That's what happens when the music is so good, Iguess.  On the other hand, the previous night they did a rousing show for Queen's performance of We Will Rock You/We are the Champions, which fits a laser light show pretty well.. . 4) Live bands - always fun.. . Honorable mentions: . The guy who does clay sculpture - I might get one done! . The contortionist in the leopard suit.   . Zip lining.. . Yes, there are homeless people on Fremont Street just like in other places in Vegas.  Homeless people aren't there to attack or steal from people- they are trying to survive, and that covered ceiling helps to create some heavenly casino-entrance breezes. Yes there are mentally unwell people on Fremont, just like everywhere else.  I don't know if Fremont offers a booth or kiosk where donations can be made to organizations that help the down-and-out, but it would seem a fantastic place to have one. . . Is this a good experience for young kids? I'd say no, but (as revealed in my Hustler Club review) I can be a prude. After all, I was embarrassed to have a 12 year old with me for the T&A show known as Sirens of TI.  I have seen some sights at Fremont that I wouldn't want a young child to witness, such as drunk people lying on the ground surrounded by cops, a man with his butt hanging out of a pair of silver thongs and fishnet stockings, braless women who may as well not have been wearing a shirt, either (oh wait, that was at the bus stop).  . . Hey, you know what's missing? Karaoke! Why not? Can you imagine?
Wow-o-Wow!. . During the day - its crap, looks like crap, smells like crap, just crap everywhere. But at night!  What a difference!  Maybe because there is SO many people especially on Saturday night!  Neon lighted casinos and bars in that Old Vegas look is pretty!  . . The show on the canopy was pretty cool.  Got everybody pumped up.  They play a couple of different ones.  The first one was a 60's groovy hippy song mix - was pretty cool.  Then an hour later they did Bon Jovi!  Everyone was signing and few people who will not be named were dancing!  Pretty cool.  . . The best part of being at the Fremont Street experience  is people watching!  It's like Wal-mart best of + Cougar town + Hangover + Hoochie city and tourist.  It was awesome!  All kinds of people in one area plus cheap drinks is a good time in my book.  BUT then you throw in impersonators!  Good TImes!  There was Michael Jackson (man in the mirror time), Brett Michaels, Kid Rock (who could have been Brett Michaels) Al Pacino, Snoop Dogg, Tupac, Smoky & The Bandit (who was filipino), 2 memebers of Kiss in painted face, a little person Elvis with a almost homeless looking man in a thong  trying to look like cupid.  Give them a tip and you can take a picture with any of them. There are also some girls dressed up as old school Vegas Showgirls.  Cruising the promenade is fantastic and free!  Not so much kid or eldery friendly as I saw when I was there. . . There are so many casinos and bars and souvenir shops here.  Zip lining looks fun but the line was pretty long as its only $15 to go once or $50 for unlimited. There are some girly bars.  Live music on 2 stages.  What looked like Zumba class + line dancing at the other end was awesome to watch.  . . There is a parking structure and parking is fairly cheap.. . Oh yeah.... The heart attack burger place is also here.  They give you a hospital gown while you eat.  We looked thru the window but didnt eat there.
This was one of my favorite parts of my recent Vegas Trip!  It was great, I went during the night and saw the Queen Tribute! The place was lit up so wonderfully. Its a dingy strange place were freaks would love to roam, which I loved!  The shops had crazy things to purchase and there were performers everywhere! This place is probably not for everyone, but if you want to experience something you wouldn't every day, I'd go there!
It's an experience alright!. . Love, love it here and I thank Hazel Q. for her wonderful review of downtown. I would have not ventured here without her enticing writing. Some of her reviews made it seem like she's found wonderland.. . I think, I might actually enjoy downtown more than I enjoy the Strip *gasp*. Yes, it's old. Yes, it's shady and there's a lot of closed business, but in my heart, downtown will always be as good as it gets in Vegas. No glitz or glamour of the Strip hotels will match the enchantment that good 'ole downtown has.
Forget the Strip.  If you want to see REAL Vegas...I'm talking flashing, neon lights and old school coin operated slot machines and some people livin' it UP...Fremont is the place to go.  I went there last night since it was a beautiful warm night and they had an 80s cover band playing, and it was magical.  Here's a list of things I did in 6 (count 'em - SIX) hours:. . - Elvis flying on the zipline. - 80s cover band rocking out. - George Eads shooting scenes for CSI (I'm about 98% sure it was him). - People having drunken debates about the existence of God (best quote ever, "Excuse me, sir?  You dropped your soul."). - An old man dressed as Santa Claus rocking out to a Whitesnake cover band (yes, this is June, people). - I took a picture with Tupac Shakur. - Saw a pirate lady with enormous boobs...seriously, e-nor-mous. - Lady with an alien type of baloon hat on pretending to be a bull and charging at a man dressed as Zorro. - I went to the Golden Nugget and chilled in the Chart House lounge with some very refreshing summer drinks (read: mango mojito). - I saw my boss who was there with his frat buddies from college...and got him a tequila shot (that'll be awkward Monday). - My friend randomly ran into a girl she went to high school with in Wisconsin. - We went to Drink and Drag and saw some pretty busted Drag Queens and some fat chicks bowling who thought it appropriate to undress down to their bras and undies. - Went to the Glitter Gulch Strip Club and was hit on by two old men. . Pheeeewwwww.  You tell me where else in the WORLD you can do all that?  The Strip ain't got nuthin on Fremont Street.
Forget the Strip.  If you want to see REAL Vegas...I'm talking flashing, neon lights and old school coin operated slot machines and some people livin' it UP...Fremont is the place to go.  I went there last night since it...
Incredible Visual & Multi-Media Displays At Night!. . SITREP. . The Fremont Street Experience is uniquely in the Downtown (OLDER) district of Las Vegas at the North End of "The Strip" (which is actually closer to where I was staying in the Stratosphere, so I loved it the evenings I checked it out!).  The vibe of the Fremont Street Experience is almost like the 4th of July every night!  An Amazing Outdoor Open Air Festival with Drinks and Food vendors is the crux of the Fremont Street Experience! . . SETUP. . Of course, with my luck I ran RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF ZOMBIES!  They were all over this particular night, featuring a promotion for the Zombie Apocalypse Store, so it was all fun.  And to listen to the band, we could NOT have had a better view nor be better situation for outstanding sound-quality from the music performances, whether from the live band or from the multi-media concert events taking place over our heads.. . And speaking of over our heads, how surreal it was to have a lot of peeps do the zip-lining that raced over head from one side of the street's open square area to the other side!  All-in-all, an incredible good time!. . MULTIMEDIA EVENT. . Right over our heads is a acoustic mesh roof with visual reception that allows spectacular shows to go on every hour on the hour, consisting of great video clips of patriotic themes, great (loud) music, Vegas-inspired iconic images, and....beautiful girls dancing.  *sigh*  . . THE FOOD!. . This night was food truck heaven with delicious stands of food from first rate establishments with the likes of http://SinCityWings.com and Grouchy John's Coffee.  This made for a fun time and "amped up" the offerings in a fun way.. . THE DRINKS!. . There was also promotional vending with a wonderful array of beverages including Tito's Vodka, and the Tito's girls (who were so friendly and liberal in making great vodka drinks), Sokenbicha Blended Drinks (I enjoyed some aromatic Green Tea and Bold Barley throughout the night), and Glaceau Vitamin Waters. . . CARNIVAL (CARNIVORE?!?) FUN!. . And as I mentioned previously, there were beautiful zombie babes from the ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE STORE!  Who can deny that Zombies make things more fun!  Whether parades, or grandma's after-church tea-party, Zombies KNOW HOW to liven things up!  .. . THE LOWDOWN. . The Fremont Street Experience is how I most vividly remember my trips to Vegas!  In hindsight, that is saying something!
Had an amazing time here, brought my yards and had no problems getting the refills at all the bars. Had dinner at Tony Roma's, it was delish. Got my palm read by Mrs. Laurie she was FANTASTIC. . . I love coming here, it's like the red headed step child of the strip!
We had a GREAT time on Freemont Street. Everything about it was fantastic. The live music, the bartenders, the celebrity impersonators, (Michael Jackson, Johnny Depp from Pirates of the Caribbean) just fabulous. Shopping, easy access to the Casinos, even zip lining and way more to mention. If you are wanting to have a good time, I highly recommend visiting Freemont Street. You will not be disappointed.
I love it here.. . There is always something going on at FSE. Usually bands playing or a food truck event. I saw Luke Bryan for free this year and that was a highlight!. . I love that you can walk around with a yard if margarita and watch the neon show in the sky. They change it up depending on what time of year.. . They have a zip-line that is totally awesome!  You get to zip-line down Fremont street how cool is that?! If you want to do it during the day it is $15 per person and if you want to do it at night it is $20 per person. I liked it at night because of all the neon that you don't get to see so well during the day. There are certain weight restrictions so check with them on that.. . Some parking garages are free and some free with validation but there are also some dirt lots free to park in and that is what I usually do. They aren't a far walk to FSE and why not take in the scenery for a block until you get there anyway.
I've visited this place several times in the last 5 years and I'm always impressed by the crowds it draws. Tables are cheaper at the casinos up there. Just don't go on a night that the main stage features Ranchero music. You'll have to wade through the cowboy hats and avoid being trampled by thousands of pairs of snakeskin boots.
Drunken old guy who looked like santa was the best part. All sorts of big breasted pirate hookers, and other people in costume. One guy looked exactly like DeNiro in Casino, so these guys really put some effort into it. Come for the light show, stay for the creatures.
It's the modern version of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas! A laser light show on the canopy featuring cats wearing lipstick!  I saw a real bearded lady, a dirty spongebob leaning over the stroller of a screaming baby, anything and everything!  Hilariously fun people watching. Def Leopard cover bands & 80's cover bands performing for free. This street is open container friendly...beers,  mixed drinks,  and bottles are A-ok. It's a sensory overload and I loved every minute of it!
Back in the early 80's I remember walking Fremont street on side walks under bright lights and seeing a ton of people doing the same, there were still cars driving the street and the overhead canopy hadn't been added. . . Wow, things have changed.  Even from when I first moved here 12 years ago, the Fremont Street Experience has changed.  All I can say now is, it's full of fun, freaky, and fantastic sites.  . . If you haven't been downtown in a while, you must go and be sure to stick around at night, the overhead canopy becomes a video screen with graphic arts, flashing lights and music.  There are different themes, so each hour is a different showing.  . . There are several stages with live bands playing, it's free concerts!  There is a zip line, and for a small fee, you can take the plunge. There are kiosks full of t-shirts, jewelry and purses.  And then there are the entertainers!  I saw men dressed as women, women dressed as women, and people dancing and performing all sorts of skits.  Some were fun, some were freaky, and some well..... . . Go downtown and let your fun show!  it's a great place to let it all out.
Old Skool Vegas at its best. I can't believe how much time I've spent on the Strip throughout the last few years. Friday night I headed from the Strip down to Fremont and couldn't even get close. It was Gay Days in Vegas and there was a parade. As a good photographer I jumped at the chance to photograph the evening. I walked a block or two and found a great spot. I shot the entire parade and came across a few stages. One had a great, gorgeous (she really was a woman) DJ. . . After the parade The Nancy Rayguns took the stage and is one of the most talented 80s bands I've ever seen. The next night I headed back to see Rock Candy and Rok of Ages, two great hair hands who played at different stages along Fremont.. . The people on Fremont aren't the over rich, dumb drunk women, and ugly hot men, they're real people. Friendly people. Sure there are some ghetto dwellers and we saw two people in smurf outfits take off their costume heads to smoke crack in an alley (I am serious). But Fremont has character! I loved the choreographed lights, loved the music, loved the people, the pizza by a slice, the beers wherever you are, the zip line, I love Fremont.
awesome place! can't wait to go back!!
It's old school Vegas... Cheaper drinks & food then the strip.... Free entertainment.... Lot's of low limit table games... I'm a fan to say the least...
For a first time visitor, Downtown Las Vegas [after dark] is a must! I live in Vegas 6mos. a year ,and even after being here over 50 years every time I get downtown I still have a great time. Ive been told the slots pay better,the free drinks come more often ect..all kinds of free music,free Fremont experance, people watching you bet... if you don't have fun here, then shame on you.....anyway first timer get down town!
Almost my favorite part of Vegas! Its like Vegas at its best! Everything is original I feel like I'm in one of those old Vegas original movies every time I walk through. So what it doesn't have all the expensive bs everywhere I prefer paying my dollar beers and shrimp cocktails in the most comfortable shoes and having a blast! Lots of fun things to see on Fremont street even for the kids.. zip line? yes, yes I think so! good times for family in Vegas! oh good way to burn off calories walking through it!
It's the Vegas locals that are fun to watch here.
Sorry i really don't know why i like it.I just do.
I didn't go zipling but I got to see Larry Hernandez live. Who the hell is he? I'm not sure but I had hella fun.
Wow.  For sure, this was the highlight of Vegas for me.  Note:  If you are into trendy, high end experiences then Freemont probably isn't your bag.  If you are into old school, nostalgic experiences then Freemont is a must see.. . Went on a Sunday night.  Hundreds, if not thousands of people in the streets.  Two bands were playing on big stages, so there was a great energy and vibe along the street.  Freemont has a little mix of everything.  There is a new casino called "The D" that just opened that is really nice inside.  There are all the old school Casinos like Binions and The Golden Nugget.  There is a zipline that you can do, which I think is $15 before 6pm and $20 after.  You can get very cheap and affordable food.  Wife and I sat down in one bar and got a Corona, two hot dogs, and a Vodka and Cranberry for $6.  $6?  Really?  Yup, it happened.  . . There were a lot of people dressed up as characters for people to take pictures with.  And yes they do work off tips.  But guess what.  They are all over the strip as well, so you can't avoid them where ever you go.  The good news is that they are not pushy at all, so you don't have to feel bad walking by them.  You can easily make a night out of this area to experience the look of old vegas and still have a fun time gambling, drinking, dancing, or just people watching if you are into it.  . . The only draw back is the cab rid getting to and from costs about $22 to $25 bucks each way, depending on traffic and your driver speed.  Aside from that, this is a must do when in town.
Wow! An overhead TV that must be the biggest on the planet! I always try to take a shot at seeing what ever show is happening! This review is a summary of my many trips and even a couple of times staying with Fremont street just out the window! So that said lets list the cool things about The Fremont Street Experience! . . Always overwhelming video overhead. Live Music - I loved the live Sax Player on my last visit!. Funny and Interesting characters in all kinds of Garb!. Zip lines for the adrenaline seekers. Heart Attack hamburgers at the east end (sign the disclaimer before eating). A variety of beggars and local color.. . All this makes for an Experience at the Fremont Street Experience
A blast! You should do the Bootleg Canyon experience first and then you get a $10 discount coupon for this one. Obviously this one is much shorter but still a blast to do it. And if you can time it right with the light show it's even better! A must do!!
If you're in Vegas, you have to check out the Fremont Street Experience. So many different things going on up and down the street. Next time I want to try the zipline.
Great place to check, away from the same ol same ol of the strip! We checked it out on Friday day, then night. A must is to go zipline from 5 stories up, across a couple blocks. You gain lot of speed, great rush! The night show of lights on the ceiling is incredible. Live bands,music & great atmosphere
If you're shocked by gaudiness and/or are from the suburbs, you should stay away from the Fremont Street Experience. For the rest of us, it's great! Visitors with no sense of humor will not enjoy themselves, but if you've got a vivid imagination and a natural curiosity, by all means go there. The shows change often and the sheer magnitude of the Viva Vision screen and sound system is mind-boggling. Often live performers abound, especially on weekends. Downtown LV is my choice for fun in a relatively compact zone.
Review #500.. . During my first visit to Vegas, Fremont Street Experience made my experience memorable. Of course, I am biased. I was here for the Yelp (Elite) Party hanging out with fellow yelpers.. . At first I couldn't find where the party was at. I found the street but did not realize how long the street was. I walked to one end of the street and walked all the way back the other end. Then I saw my people chatting around in a huge blocked off area with the Yelp sign on it.. . I walked in and was immediately given lots of free goodies. There were free food. Restaurants and buffets nearby catered lots of free food to sample for everyone. There was shrimp and it was amazingly delicious. There were free ice cream and also yummy drinks. I didn't think I would be full with all of the samples but I was stuffed so quickly.. . There was a band playing directly in front of us, as there is always some band playing here on the street.. . Then the light came on. It was so COOL to see the different kind of lights flashing. Then there was the surprise of the night for yelpers: yelpers who have their EE pictures submitted all had their pictures displayed on the big screen overhead. Obviously I saw myself in the picture that I submitted. It was so much fun to see myself on a big screen.. . I had to leave slightly early to catch a show back on the Strip. But I enjoyed every moment of it. . . So on my second trip back to Vegas, I had to revisit the Fremont Street. Of course, there was no yelp party the second time around, it was still fun to see the light show on top of the hour with other tourists in town. There was a band playing and it is free for everyone to attend.. . Lots of buffet options to choose around from this area. Of course, hotels in downtown Vegas are always cheaper than on the Strip. I love this open space where everyone can just enjoy the light show and some down time in the area. This place may not have much going on during the day time, so spend your day time on the Strip and come back here in the evenings!
It was my 30th bday! We came with a Group of 12 of us and had the time of our lives! We walked up and down Fremont street and didnt get sick of it. We saw some of the craziest stuff but loved it. Took pics with a bunch of people who dress up as characters. Got all kinds of crazy drinks and just had a blast. All my friends sang to me at midnight for my bday. Will never forget that!. Also they have free shows, we saw this band Arena, totally butt rock! They were awesome, we stayed, danced and sang with them. So much fun. . Cant wait to do it again. I recommend doing Fremont Street once at least during your trip!
We had a blast at The Fremont Street Experience!!!. .  Don't go here for glamour and glitz, go here for a fun, relaxed and a bit crazy night in Vegas. See some of the history and old casinos, take in the street performers, people watch as some of the most eccentric people in Vegas stroll by, and of course grab some cheap cold drinks. Most places have $2 beers, some even cheaper at certain times of day!. . Stages are set up outdoors along the street with live performances ranging from Elvis impersonators to cover bands and magicians. After dark the "light show" occurs every half hour or so, with music and millions of lights overhead. It was a little bit cheesy, a hair on the dirty side..... but tons of fun.
They've clean this area up a lot. I love downtown, reminds of the village in NYC.
Fremont Street was my favorite part of visting Vegas... and it was in the day time AND I was sober!. . I loved how they blocked off the street and enclosed it in what I think was a canopy of lights for the light show at night.  We passed two stages but no music playing, but that would be so much fun.. . We gambled a bit and took home some money so that was cool.. . We found parking at a free lot by 7-eleven a couple blocks away, loved that!. . Next time I come to Vegas I want to stay here.  I have been to the Strip so many times so the Femont Street Experience is just what I need next time.. . They also had a zip line rigged up down the street, very cool!
I love Fremont Street! This area of town has so much more personality than the Strip does. Your money also goes much further down here too. . . Over the past few years Downtown has gone through a huge revitalization. There is still the old fashion Vegas, but now they have a nice mix of new fun stuff like 3rd Street, Insert Coins, Zappos are just a few. There are some awesome hidden gems like Triple George and Mermaids (Deep fried Oreos, YUM) scattered all over the place on Fremont Street. . . As for making your money go further, the room rates are much lower down here, the machines are looser, the restaurants are cheaper, and the fine dining is a fun experience, instead of being stuffy like the Strip places. . . Fremont Street is also huge on entertainment. There is regularly bands playing, artists making stuff, characters roaming around, and everything I between. The last time I was down there I saw KISS, Batman, Spider-Man, Captain Jack Sparrow, Elvis and a dozen other characters roaming around. Never a dull moment!. . Get out there and check out Old School Vegas that has evolved into this awesome new neighborhood of crazy fun.
I loved walking through Old Vegas. Fremont Street was more fun than the strip IMO since it was just more my speed and less expensive overall. Make sure to go when it's dark and look up to see the great light show! But don't miss the crazy street performers either.
Ok so this is where all the locals go on holidays.  Like Halloween, New Years, St Patty's Day, etc.  It is because we know all of the tourist will be on the strip, and you can always find a friendly face down on Fremont.  Great music, lots of lights, and you can always find a famous face in the crowd, of course the are impressionist, but it is part of what I love about The Fremont Street Experience.  If you have not been, you should check it out, the crowds are always bigger on a parting Holiday, but I would say 80% are locals.  When you walk into Fremont Street, there is music playing of all sorts, This hugh light show, and lots of shops, and casinos, andplaces to eat.  It is worth the parking fee, because getting is free.
touristy! tacky! sexual! loud! dirty! obnoxious! dangerous! slutty!. . basically the whole vegas experience on one street... this is old vegas. loves it
For the last couple of years I have stayed Downtown, mostly for the Fremont Experience. Many people come here for the overhead screen, where they show video of bands, on this occasion it was Led Zeppelin-Heart-Doors  and play there music, but for me the real draw is the very good cover bands, cheap drinks and food and low limit gambling.. . I have seen the best cover bands right here, no small feat considering I am from Southern California. This time we saw a 90's band with a female lead that played a lot of "No Doubt" type of music, the guys would pitch in with "Rage Against The Machine" and "NIN", the guitarist was excellent. I didn't get their name, but I would listen to them regularly if they were local.. The next night was a cover band of Hip Hop, again excellent! I prefer listening to Classic Rock, but I prefer dancing to Hip Hop, this was the first time I have seen a cover of Hip Hop and I was blown away. The band was dressed all funky complete with big fro's, I knew all the songs and listened for hours, there was some Rap included. Had a blast.. The sound system is very high quality. If you don't like the first band you hear, walk down the street chances are you will like the band down there. Thirsty? No problem walk into the nearest casino and buy a $2 Corona, Nevada law allows you to drink out doors. . Hungry? stop at Tony Roma's For Steak and Lobster For $12. So good we had it two nights in a row.
Redneck fun at it's finest. Hard rock, flowing beer, crazy people abound. No D-baggery here, unlike the strip!
really cool!!! I love all the old school classic original hotels that still have that old schol feel !! my husband and I stayed on the strip and took a bus over here one day [about a 20 minute bus ride] and man it was just so fun! Next time we go to vegas we were thinking about staying a night here in one of the higher end hotels just to really experience the old vegas thing. So cute. They did a great job really just maintaining the space while not jeopardizing the original ora of the casinos! go check it out for the day !!  . . . ALSO we played some $3 roulette tables!!!
Ok James Bond fans. This is the street where James Bond (Sean Connery) and Tiffany Case (Jill St. John) engaged in a wild car chase, ending with the 1970's Ford on its two side wheels. The street itself is now closed to traffic and many of the Las Vegas Classics such as The Mint are gone. However there are several casinos that are still there. Of note is The Golden Gate, the oldest hotel/casino still in existence. Binion's founded by legendary poker player and erstwhile gangster Benny Binion. The Plaza at the end of the of Fremont street, although it seems to under construction in the film. See if you can walk the car chase. Also if you follow me (Jay Amernick) on Social Cam I have a James Bond Diamonds Are Forever Video Location Guide where I take you move by move thru the car chase! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
This place is CRAZY! How I expected the Hollywood Walk of Fame to be. Everyone is drunk, live concerts, weirdos, half naked street performers, and nasty bums all under one L.E.D. display roof. I found it more interesting than the Las Vegas Strip. The freaks come out at night!
The saddest part of this is I waited till it was almost time to leave to check this place out. I would have gone here all week, better food deals and better odds I think.  It also felt less uppity, and I'm less uppity, I felt a lot more comfortable then on the strip. I liked it!!
I love this place....go at night for the light show! I love the Casino Mermaids!!! Free drinks just please tip your awesome ladies....they have old school slot machines which are the best :) Golden Nugget is the best casino on the old school strip. Park at one of the casino/hotels on the Fremont Experience and you can have your parking validated in the casino
Fun night, not for the kids but YES to adults to have run, music, topless gals, gambling, light show over street. Even won $450 that night at downtown casino
Fremont street was the first established street in Vegas, so it makes sense that it's also the home to a great Vegas experience.. . Park at the Golden Nugget (not free) to get right up on the action. . . It has all of the glowing lights, casinos, free drinks, and restaurants that you'll find on the strip, and so much more.. . We saw:. . A guy playing his heart out on a wailing saxophone.. A Mr. t impersonator.. A Rihanna impersonator.. A really funny Russian guy decked out as Bumble Bee, the transformer!. . There's also the world's largest tv screen covering the entire length overhead of the Experience.. . We found vendors selling fedoras, funny animal hats, watches, personalized signs, kettle corn!. . My two favorite attractions were a guy who would sculpt your face out of a clay mold right on the spot and a spray paint artist. There was also a guy who writes on individual rice grains. Wow.... . We were greeted in front of the Mermaid casino by women dressed in Vegas showgirl outfits, mardi gras beads and all. . . Not to mention that the experience has access to some of my favorite casinos.. . This hot spot is recommended by locals and visitors. Don't miss it!
I live in Phoenix, and have bragged to others about how many times I've passed THROUGH Las Vegas on my way to other places, but never BEEN there, because everyone and their dog talks about how awesome Vegas is. My eyes glaze over, and I avoid it. Until the second weekend of June. I met up with a couple of coworkers who frequent Vegas. They knew what to expect; I didn't. At the advice of my travel companion who hates the Strip, we booked a room at the Golden Nugget. He has been to the Fremont Street Experience before. Having avoided Vegas for so long, I had no expectations. It pains me to say it, but not only did I not hate it, I loved it. I pictured some dinky little tourist trap. I did NOT expect a FIVE BLOCK LONG overhead LCD screen. I had no idea you could walk the entire length with a drink in your hand and no one would care. Found out later that's legal on the Strip too. Now I know why they say "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas." Not many places nowadays where you can throw caution to the wind and be yourself. You can smoke, you can drink, you can live it up, and you fit right in. I couldn't care less about gambling, and I didn't spend a nickel on it. But Fremont is truly an experience.
I love going to Downtown - to me, this is the real Vegas, the one that I remember from my childhood. The strip is for suckers, tourists and people who don't know any better. This place has much more character. I've taken friends and family, who were visiting from out of town, to the Fremont Street Experience, and they've all enjoyed it thoroughly - from the old casinos, the decent food, the live music, the street performers to the ziplines, it's all good! Yes, you'll probably encounter hustlers, pimps, hos, junkies and beggars here (as in any other major city), but part of the fun is seeing people from all walks of life!
This place is just craziness!. . We were here for a Yelp event and we got to walk around & bar hop.  Love the vibe of the area as there are people from all walks of life including the zip liners, families, drunks, live bands, people coming to check out the overhead screen & of course the "entertainers".  We can't forget about them!  FSE is a block party in the middle of downtown Las Vegas.  . . With a zip line overhead, different stages & bands, this place is happening!  I haven't been to Fremont Street in ages & I'm glad we got to experience it!. . Awesome job, Downtown!
I have gone to many events on Fremont Street for the past few years. I enjoy how diverse the people are downtown. You can really have a good time, even with out any plans. Drinks are much cheaper downtown as well.
People on here are crazy - the Fremont Street Experience, first of all, is FREE!!! One of the few things in Vegas worth seeing that is free, besides the Bellagio Fountain show. To cut your costs, I also suggest just buying a bottle of something and mixing your own drinks in water bottles/those huge plastic glasses with lids that people are always walking around with.. . The light shows are pretty cool - they last about 5 minutes or so and start every hour on the hour starting around 8 I think? The ones they had while I stayed there were Queen, Bon Jovi, Heart, The Doors, I can't remember the rest. But what is really fun are all of the cartoons that are there on the street. People dressed as Thor, transformers, showgirls, Chippendales, Elmo, etc. People creating spray paint art, guys banging on 5-gallon buckets, saxophone players, and then of course the guy passed out on the ground after drinking way too much. My parents and I just sat at Starbucks, and people-watching is more entertaining than anything on the street.. . Around 10, I think, they have live music just about every night. I think Wed-Sun. The bands were a variety, but mostly all cover bands. But once again - it is FREE! I saw plenty of people that just brought 12 packs, set them on the ground in front of the stage and partied. This is definitely your go-to if you are on a budget!!! Otherwise, buying two drinks cost me $21.00 without tip!. . Also, if you wander a little further away from the pedway, out just a block or two, there are some cool bars and a great thai place. . . Definitely spend at least one night down here if you are tired of the strip or out of money. :)
I Always make sure to come to Fremont everytime I visit Vegas! Love walking around with a beer and people watching. The light show is cool too! So much action with drunks its pretty entertaing. So much fun I love it!
My husband and I had a great time on Fremont Street. We were in Vegas for marathon weekend. Cheering on the runners was a good time. We also bout a flower made from a palm and a characature. While these weren't chwao, they were worth it. . . Tips: I would stay away from Binions. We played there for over an hour and never got a single drink. Also, mermaids pays in quarters, which isn't conveniant. . . The night light show was so fun. We watched The Who and Bon Jovi. Fun! . . There were acts to watch. Lots of free or cheap fun. . . The payouts on Fremont street are are more than the strip. I played slots on $20 for over two hours. Awesome!
Always did and always will LOVE this strip versus the "New"strip. . . Great entertainment.. cheap drinks.. and better luck winning!
Absolutely awesome. As a first timer, I loved it. I probably wouldn't go back again just because I've already been there, but just like Times Square, if you're in Vegas, you should definitely check this place out. Highlights are as follows. *zipline. *music/light show on the ceiling. *more gambling. *street performers. *the weird feeling that you might get jacked at any second. * the 30 second terror you feel when you think you've lost your group and realize you don't have your cell phone and have no idea how to get back to the Strip. . That last one is interchangeable
This area is a must if you're visiting Las Vegas. I don't gamble but, it's the only place where I walked into a casino and heard the slot machines ringing repeatedly. This entire street is what I pictured Vegas to look like. Unlike the newer fancier places to its south, drunk homeless people begging for money were non-existent. Come here at night as all the lights are appreciated best when the sun is out. Lots to do, lots of choices to eat and you will be seeing what Vegas is really intended to be like.
