If you've been to Sushi-mon on Maryland Pwky (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-mon-las-vegas) then you'll most likely enjoy Goyemon since its owned the same management as well as Monta. . . The restaurant is in a plaza with plenty of parking (spaces are arrange awkwardly though). They're opened 5PM to 3AM, great for the early dinner people and the late night munchies crowd. The restaurant is not huge, but I would say big enough for at least 50 patrons. All you can eat (AYCE) is $27.  . . The menu seems to be the same as Sushi Mon, all except the extra items that wereadded to the blackboard and featured on the place mat. Some of the items were:. . Grilled Tofu Salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=uTwz4uGpvFM6H8EttW-MVg). I've never had grilled tofu before, but it was interestingly good. The taste of the grilled tofu with a garlic sesame sauce was a good way to start the night. . . Grilled Pork Belly (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=1pQReeZwUFgCpzY7qJ5rfA). Was similar to Monta's pork, but in a thick slice form.. . Speaking of Monta, for whatever reason the Shoyu ramen is offered after 11pm. Not sure if the tonkutsu or miso are offered as well.. . Extra desserts not on the regular menu were tofu cheesecake, green tea creme brulee, and a green tea mousse cake, all were presented nicely and a nice touch for a AYCE sushi place. . . What I really enjoyed was the quality of the fish for a AYCE place. It was like they were not affected by the economy and continue to serve fish that wasn't chewy or smelled. Yay, but too bad they still use krab. . . The service was excellent was well, the server checked up on my party quite often and we did not have to wait long receive our orders. One of my friend's ordered a shrimp nigiri and a few moments later the server came back asking if he wanted to try deep fried shrimp heads as well, with no cost of course since its AYCE. They actually want you to enjoy your meal haha.. . Another plus is that I don't have to drive all the way to Maryland Pwky to get some quality AYCE anymore. If you feel the same way then.. *high five*.
My love for sushi brought me to this place due to my friend's recommendation and let's just say that it was definitely not a disappointment. We arrived around 7pm on a Saturday night and there was an empty bar (totally meant to be for us). Shortly after (like 15 minutes later) the restaurant was full and there was a wait...luckily we got there at just the right time. This might be the new "it" place for sushi.. . The sushi chef asked if we have been here before and we said no. He asked if we have been to the Sushi Mon on (Silverado and Maryland Pkwy), we said yes. He said the menu was the same except for the specials. There was a special menu that listed all the specials. . . We started off with the specials.....toro (yes, fatty tuna) was on the specials menu!!!! This is totally not an all you can eat item! Some other items like the cajun salmon, big eye tuna, etc were also on there. We got our sushi pretty quickly and let's just say the quality was superb. One thing that I noticed quickly was that the nigri was not over stuffed with rice. It was a lil bit of rice with a lot of fish...definitely NOT your typical AYCE. We were able to try the grilled pork belly, a bunch of other nigiri and a few rolls. I don't think I had anything that I didn't like. . . Dessert was good. They had this lychee sherbert that had chunks of lychee in it. I also tried the green tea creme brulee as well as the green tea cake. I think the lychee sherbert stole my heart though and that alone will make me come back.. . Service was attentive for how busy they were, fish was fresh and everything was delicious. I will be back! OHHHH and there's a frequent stamp card too...totally worth it.
Wow wow wow definitely the best all you can eat Japanese place in Las Vegas.  I don't think it's even close.  According to our very nice and helpful sushi chef, this is owned by the same folks who own Monta Ramen.  And Monta Ramen is delicious.  In fact, you can order the same ramen after 11 pm.  Either a la carte or as part of the all you can eat deal.  Not sure I'd fill up on Ramen when getting AYCE but it's nice to have options.  . . Pork belly - Wow.  Just absolutely deliciously fatty, crispy, and delicious.  The edges just have that beautiful crispiness you get from cooking it just right.  The rest just melts in your mouth.. Spicy tuna on a "cracker" - pretty awesome.  It was like toasted rice topped with spicy tuna and their sauce.  Delicious.. Grilled veggies - 2 small tomatoes slightly charred and perfectly tangy and delicious.  Nice mushroom, asparagus, and sweet potato slices.  I'm on a low carb thing now and, had I not broken my diet by eating some sushi rolls, I probably would have eaten 4 of the veggie plates and 4 of the pork belly plates.. Sushi rolls - don't remember all I had.  Spicy tuna was good.  California was just ok but better than you'll get at other AYCE places.  Yellowtail was good.. Green Tea creme brulee - not too sweet and delicious.  Custard was nice and soft.  Sugar on top crispy and caramelized beautifully.. . All in all - with the environment, great staff, and most importantly great food you will not regret coming here.  Just high quality for an AYCE place.  Get the pork belly!
What can I say, Goyemon tops my favorite Sushi Mon on S. Maryland Pkwy.  This place has the same menu, plus extra daily specials that are part of the AYCE.  They also accept the SushiMon frequent diner card.  . . Highlights were the specials such as the Kobe beef (cooked medium rare/rare) which melted in your mouth and other specialty green tea desserts.  There is still ayce on the mochi ice cream (unlike other stingy ayce places around town that only limit you to ONE mochi ice cream).  Try the grilled pork belly. It's a little on the salty side, but remember to eat it with the pineapple salsa.  Uni/sea urchin was super fresh, so was the sweet shrimp, and other cuts of fish that came out.  The shrimp tempura and fried shrimp heads were delicious, and the ahi poke was perfectly seasoned.  . . This place is pretty dang good.
I'm seriously considering going back to all my AYCE sushi reviews and moving them down a star. THAT's how good it was. . . I can't believe this is the 3rd Japanese restaurant in this location in 5 years. To go from Sushi Hana to Shin to this. Goyemon has by far the best decor of the three. Sushi Hana just had these gross green painted walls and an old ass TV showing ESPN for chrissakes! . . Along with your usual suspects for nigiri and rolls...they have a ton more including daily specials. Highlights included their inhouse smoked salmon (smokiest salmon ever!), big eye tuna nigiri and "kobe" beef nigiri although the beef being kobe was highly suspect. No big deal. Pork belly was like the best piece of bacon ever. . . I also like how yellowtail collar (1 order per person) is on the menu. So good! Its like a super meaty fish chicken wing kinda sorta. A must. . . We were pretty lucky to be seated around 6pm since there was a bit of a wait for tables about 10 min later. Not that many seats so definitely be prepared to stand around for a while. . . I love how this is so close to my place. No more drives to Sushi Mon on Sahara for me. I'm actually ready to go back here...like...now.
Although Sushi House Goyemon serves up a favorable price for their AYCE, we decided to take on the a la carte menu.  Either way I think our taste buds and appetites would have been satisfied.  Next time though I'm going after that AYCE!  We were ignorant in not reading the menu thoroughly.  A handful of the items we ordered were included in the AYCE menu.  You get 60 minutes to eat your share of sushi.  Oh yeah!  It's possible and then some.  It's a pity we weren't hungry last night but it gives me something to look forward to when I go to Las Vegas again.. . As far as our food, we ordered the following:. . Grilled Pork Belly - 2 orders. Amaebi. Uni Sushi. Sushi & Sashimi for 2. Moon Roll. Screaming Orgasm. Yellowtail Collar. Green Tea Creme Brulee. Tempura Ice Cream. . Everything was good with maybe the exception of the tuna from the Sushi & Sashimi for 2.  Otherwise, everything was excellent!  I highly recommend the Screaming Orgasm, Pork Belly, and Amaebi, all of which are included in the AYCE.  Truly a great sushi find in Las Vegas, and one that's open late till 3am.
It's 'bout time for me to review this place since I've already gotten 9 stamps on my Goyemon buy 10 get 11th free card!  I've been to this place 3 times in the past month with different friends each time.  Everyone liked it.  I personally have had better sushi but for all you can eat this is as good as it gets in Vegas. . . I love their menu.  You don't usually find sashimi salad, tuna rice cracker, orgasm salad, grilled pork belly, cold tofu, green tea creme bulee, tofu cheese cake, kobe beef (special) in the other all you can eat places.  I've also heard good things about the pork nuggets dish and the teriyaki dishes.. . Thumbs up for the decent size cut and small rice portion.   I prefer Nigiri to sushi.  My favorites are salmon roe, white tuna, salmon, yellow tale, red snapper.  I'm not a uni person but my friends who eat uni said it was good.  . . Good service.  I didn't like the service at all on my first visit but on the last two visits we had great service.  It's not a big place so sometimes there's a wait and I'm not sure if they take reservation.. . This is definitely our new favorite all you can eat place.  I hope Goyemon keeps it up!
WOW.  This place really makes AYCE sushi unique.  Not only are there the usual crazy rolls deep fried/sauce to the extreme/yadda yadda, BUT . . There is...... PORK BELLY!!  All you can eat PORK BELLY!!!!  This pork belly was grilled with a sweet teriyaki like glaze and a side of mango salsa.  Perfection.  Fatty smokey perfection.. . Other notable unique items:. 1.  Spicy tuna on crispy sushi rice - Chewy, slightly spicy and slightly sweet.  I liked it more for the fun chewy texture but the man did not fancy it as much.  Strange, he's usually a fan of anything tuna.  . 2.  Tofu cheesecake - fluffier and not as heavy as its American counterpart, but when it comes to an amazing asian stylecheesecake, Raku still wins hands down for their fluffy cheesecake.. . We did not try any of the specialty rolls at all, but everyone around us seemed to be enjoying them.  We tried pretty much all the nigiri menu items (tuna, albacore, seared albacore, cajun albacore, white albacore, super white tuna, red snapper, mackeral, sweet shrimp, uni, salmon, ....). Most everything seemed pretty good, but there were some that were definitely more fresh than others and some we could have skipped (shrimp).  That didn't stop the two of us from gorging ourselves with enough fish to feed a small family.. . Conclusion:  The owners of Sushimon should be proud of their new shining star of AYCE.
This place is Sushimon (Maryland and Silverado Ranch) on steroids.  Same great quality as Sushi mon but with new added specials and homemde desserts.  The green tea cake is very tasty.  . . The ambience is more elegant an deep rich dark colors that are very modern an inviting.  Their Sushi bar is smaller but they have a grill/range in view of the dinning room.  I am always a fan of open kitchens, that way I know if my food was handled properly (which it always is).  . . The sushi is so far superior in quality to most other AYCE locations I have tried.  If you can say it, sit at the bar and order OMAKASE.  The Sushi chefs are really inventive and have ingredients that are not listed on the menu which they prepare for fun.  It is a top notch dining experience. . . GO, EAT, BE HAPPY!
Having being loyal to another establishment for the last few years I ventured out to try a new place that wouldsatisfy my appetite and palette. . I was guided here by the folks from Monta noodle House. . . First and foremost let me just say this place will now be one of my favorite spots for sushi,  I can say that each piece was pure balance of flavor & taste. All of their varied great dishes and add-ons were prepared with good flavor, even their personal sashimi salad was well made and was a great opening dish. . . The extra white tuna was phenomenal, and it melted in my mouth all the rolls we had were well balanced and made with the greatest attention, I complimented all of the dishes with a small tasting of 3 of their best sakes which helped all the flavors unfold in my palette. I recommend eating at the sushi-bar since you get a chance to interact with the sushi chefs and get everything at your will.. . Enjoy
This is my favorite new AYCE sushi place in town!  I love their specials and side dishes, which are more inventive than your average edamame or vegetable tempura.  For side dishes, I loved the grilled pork belly, grilled yellowtail, and spicy tuna on rice crackers. Honestly there wasn't anything I didn't love!  The uni here is the freshest I've ever had in the US.  The menu is very extensive and the fish is all very fresh.  I had the green tea creme brulee, strawberry mochi ice cream, and lychee sorbet.  I think my favorite dessert was the lychee sorbet.  This is definitely going to be my go to place for sushi from now on!
Take a seat at the bar and make sure Fredo is your sushi chef. Its the best seat in the house. Of course you are going to do the all you can eat for $27. Order cucumber or seaweed salad, meso soup and edamame to start. You have to try the yellow tail collar, to dies for. If it wasn't limited to one per customer I would eat this all day. . Every roll I had was great. Not bad for a place that has only been open for a few months.. finish the meal off with ordering all the desserts! Trust me and Fredo. . Enjoy
Order everything from their daily special menu if you're adventurous and you'll be rewarded greatly.  If you're not adventurous then go to mcdonalds, jk.  This place is awesome and has all the typical fish you'll see at all of the AYCE places in town.  Definitely do the grilled pork belly like everyone recommends. My faves:. . - Super White Tuna. - Kobe Beef(1 peice). - Uni . - Halibut. - Big Eyed Tuna. - Tuna Rice Cracker. - Sashimi Salad. . Only downside is that its small be prepared to wait.
wow.   all you can eat or not, this is outstandingly good sushi.   great chefs.   fredo is the man.   almost makes me want to come back to vegas (almost!)   win.
This place deserves a 5 star rating. We came to try their AYCE and we were not disappointed. Everything was delish except for the Yakisoba. I thought I ordered a Soba style dish and it wasn't. But what do you expect? This is a SUSHI place for heaven's sake!!
By far~ the best AYCE sushi joint period! You gotta try if you luv sushi. Hope they can keep up the quality! =)
A tough week calls for a pick me up dinner. Sometimes I worry about going to a new place with crazy rave reviews as I feel my standards are jilted to high and come out feeling like it was over hyped even if the place is good. .  I ate words- . . like "yum", "oh that's fresh", and "lets get another order". . . We really wanted to try all the specials so we started off there. . . Today the chalkboard had:. Big Eye Tuna- had a richer, tuna taste than regular tuna. . Anago/Saltwater Eel- this was delish. It's softer and less slimy than freshwater and as much as I like unagi, I wish more places would have this. . Japanese Snapper- this was very delicate of a flavor and very fresh. I find some snapper has a very chewy texture and almost muddy taste. . Aji/Spanish Makerel- this was nice. I like the grated ginger on top, but I love gingery stuff. . White Clam- the BF doesn't normally enjoy such thing but even he appreciated the flavor. I thought this was good and must for people who love the chewy nigiris like tako, hokkigai, ika. . . Regular nigiri menu:. Cajun Albacore- good seasoning. I appreciate that their ponzu sauce isn't overtly citrusy and is much more delicate than other places. There's some places that have that "fake" lime taste and kills all other flavor.. Albacore- good and fresh. Super White . Yellowtail- buttery in texture- very fresh. Mackerel- good, but with the cure+ soy is too salty. 2nd order I asked for ponzu and it was much better this way. . . One thing I noticed about the nigiri cuts is that some have a very faint citrus note on it. Not like someone squeezed lemon, but I suspect that they wipe their blades with a citrus water which imparts a hint of it. If you douse your rice in soy, you won't probably taste it, but I barely dip any soy onto my fish. This is something I've seen done in Japan so kudos if that's what flavored it. . . Even at my current favorite place, there's some days where certain fish is just okay. Everything today was fresh and on. The daily specials rotating is a great idea since those are intriguing and were all fresh. . . I like there is half rolls- we tried the Calico and Ecstacy which are both pretty decent as far as rolls go. . . Appetizers: . The famed pork belly was pretty tasty!- Crispy, melty, salty, sweet and tangy balance. . Dynamite- most places but too much mayo. BF liked this and I appreciated it was a bit crispy on top. . Orgasm salad- nice that you get a little sashimi salad action and it wasn't overly dressed or too much greens to fish ratio. . Hamachi Kama- we love yellowtail collars and theirs was good. I wish the skin of it was crispier though....nothing beats when it's like fish skin chips, but only one ayce so far grills it to that (Island). . Grilled Yellowtail- this was on the specials board and was a good piece with some sweet glaze . . Dessert: I like that you can get more than just one dessert (though some desserts have a 1order pp limit). BF and I shared the green tea creme brulee, green tea cake and tofu cheesecake. The green tea creme brulee was the winner for both of us. It isn't light on the matcha though so if you don't like the strong green tea taste then it might be a bit much but it is creamy, bittersweet burnt matcha and sugar goodness. . . Service was great! That was one that put it over the edge for us. Servers checked on us often, was on top of drinks, had some suggestions and were friendly. It wasn't too busy until the end of our meal and the service didn't suffer just because we weren't the only ones there. The sushi chefs were super nice, funny and personable. We had Tony during the first half of dinner then Fredo came in. Fredo is all jokes and curses. I'm all for it, but just a warning to those who can't handle a fucking joke. I also like the decor in here- definitely one of the nicer ambiance ayces around. . . We will be returning soon (and I will be coming sooner for the UYE) ! I feel we might be coming here on a regular and making this our favorite spot if this service and quality stays true.. . EDIT- Just wanted to say that the UYE had so many people (25) plus a filled restaurant and our service was still friendly, organized as possible (had separate checks ready for all us) and a reasonable pace on the food. Kudos to the staff! They work really hard here to keep up with the crowd.
I'm jumping on the bandwagon. This place has been getting rave reviews and now I know why. I walked in on a Thursday night and the place was packed. Luckily, one lone spot at the sushi bar was calling out to me. . . Everything I tried was good (except for the uni... but I'm just not a fan of it).. . Grilled pork belly - Amazing! One of the best pork belly dishes I've ever had... succulent, juicy, tender, crispy edge, perfect amount of fat... It comes with a mango salsa, but it doesn't need it at all. Eating the pork by itself is the way to go.. . Uni - I'm not a fan, but wanted to give it another shot since I've only had it a handful of times previously. After trying it here, I still don't like it. It was too salty and texture is not the least bit appealing.. . Tuna nigiri - fresh, bright, silky texture, not too much rice.. . Moon roll - eel, scallop, tempura flakes. Excellent roll, the eel took a backseat to the distinct flavor of the scallop. And, they didn't over-sauce the roll allowing the flavors of the main ingredients to shine.. . Orgasm salad - Didn't quite live up to it's name, but still delicious. Nice bit of heat with the spicy chili sauce.. . Spicy tuna crispy rice - Loved the crispy rice and the tuna was excellent. Each piece is big and it comes three to an order.. . Hamachi nigiri - Wonderfully fresh, generous cuts of fish. The slices of fish were so big I couldn't even see the rice it was sitting on.. . Tofu cheesecake - made in house, this dessert was incredibly rich and creamy.. . The service and experience at the sushi bar was great. Chef Fredo took time to talk to everyone and explain the menu even though he, and the other chefs, were slammed. This is one off the strip sushi spot not to be missed.
Yelp, you never steer me wrong!. . The hubby and I went on a Tuesday night and we sat at the bar. We decided on AYCE and that is definitely the way to go. Price is standard at $26.95. . . We ordered side dishes first: grilled yellow tail collar, fried calamari, grilled pork belly and baked green mussels. Baked green mussels were good but not nearly as good as Sin City Sushi. We liked everything for the most part but the grilled pork belly is something special. The pork belly was juicy, flavorful and melted in my mouth.. . We mostly stuck with nigiri and everything was fresh with not too much rice. The standouts for me were the super white tuna and snow crab meat. Our chef, Mike, suggested a variety of items to try and one of them was rice, raw quail egg and masago wrapped in seaweed. It was surprisingly yummy. . . The only roll we had lived up to it's name, Ecstacy Roll. I can't even remember what was in it but it was good! I like that you can do half orders.. . What bumped this review up to 5 stars for me were the desserts. The hubby had the green tea creme brulee and I had the tempura ice cream. I wasn't too thrilled with the tempura because it was spongy and not at all crunchy. I did, however, eat most of the green tea creme brulee. It had a good consistency and right amount of sweetness. I still had a little bit of a sweet tooth so I ordered the lychee sorbet. It was so yummy and was a great way to cleanse the palette. . . A huge plus was the exceptional service. The sushi chefs were friendly and were gracious enough to suggest different things to try. Our glasses were always full and empty plates were cleared right away. . . I am now a believer of the type. I love that they have a frequent punch card. I expect to get that free 10th meal very soon!
This was the first stop of my Las Vegas Food Tour and wow was it a good one. I have to admit that this was my all time favorite sushi experience and definitely a top 3 overall dining experience.. . I chose to sit at the bar (which I highly recommend from now on). I chose to do the AYCE and was flabbergasted by the large selection of nigiri, rolls and special rolls they had. You can add appetizers and desserts to the AYCE as well. Sushi Chef Fredo saw that I was completely clueless about what to order so I basically turned the keys over to him. He basically ordered for me, and I have to say that this is the only way to eat sushi from now on. It was an awesome experience. I also appreciated the way Fredo made the nigiri sushi...he didn't overpower the fish with a ton of rice underneath.. . Highlights:. . Pork Belly - At first, i thought the soy sauce marinade was gonna overpower the pork belly and make it really salty, but when i ate, it was incredibly delicate and tender. It is similar to chashu. In addition, the pork belly comes with a side of mango salsa to top off the meat. 5/5. . Blue Fin Tuna, Toro, and Super White Tuna Nigiri - These were my top dishes for the night. The blue fin tuna was incredibly soft and tender, which makes it just melt in your mouth. It was freakin decadent. I was told that the toro is the belly of the tuna, which makes sense because it tasted fatty and tender...just the way i like it. And the super white tuna (which i've heard is escolar...not tuna) was also really good. It tasted like butterfish. 5/5. . Hurricane Roll - the best of the special rolls IMO. It had shrimp tempura and an assortment of other stuff. I think it had rho as well. And it must have been topped with some eel sauce and this other creamy white sauce. I ordered so much, I don't remember what was in it. But i do remember that it tasted balanced and flavorful, and was simply the perfect bite. 5/5. . Frying Jason - This is basically a BSCR but the filling had crab sticks and cream cheese. Pretty bomb. 4/5. . Grilled Yellowtail Collar - this was also the bomb. you can taste the smokiness from the grill and the fish was light. it felt like you were eating outside your bbq. 4/5. . I also ordered: . . baked mussels (fantastic). . dynamite (basically the topping of a BSCR in a shell). . orgasmic salad (seared ahi tuna in some greens and lime juice. a bit sour). . jala jala roll (your basic roll with spicy tuna in the filling topped with albacore, salmon, tuna, and a slice of chili pepper....pretty good). . scallop nigiri (it was good, but he put a bit too much lime juice on it). . supreme salmon roll (probably my least favorite. it was a salmon roll topped with salmon. a little overkill). . Finally after all this indulgence, i finished off my meal with some green tea ice cream. delicious. . . p.s. all the dishes i ordered can be ordered in half orders.
another recommendation from JANE K. we went together ;) tried all the same foods! but here's a couple of my faves: . -spicy tuna crispy rice. -pork belly. -super white tuna. -cajun albacore. . it's a good thing they keep sushimon and goyemon on the same stamp card! . . most definitely will be back and become a regular at goyemon! =)
Wow. AYCE sushi at a great price (26.95). Had mostly just nigiri (white tuna, salmon, yellowtail, halibut, mackerel, etc.). They also have an abundance of extra items outside of sushi and rolls. grilled pork belly w/ mango salsa was good, not great. the yellowtail collar was out of this world. the sauce that came with it was even better. Also, they include uni (1 order per person), bluefin tuna (1 order per person), and bigeye tuna with the ayce menu. . . The only knock i have against this restaurant might be the time it takes for the food to come out. There was always a few people waiting for seats at this restaurant and i can see why. I suggest eating at the sushi bar. . . O yea ayce desserts are included as well.
My friend used to love Sushi Hana and was devastated when it closed down. I thought the previous restaurant was ok, but Goyemon is magnificent. Everything about it is upscale and almost sophisticated without being ridiculously priced. . . The tables are a little close together and it is easy to get caught up in another groups conversation. You should go with a mid size group of 4-6 to truly get the perfect dining experience. The menu for the all you can eat is extensive. To be able to get a full tasting you will need to share and split the duties amongst everyone. Goyemon does it's part by offering many rolls in a half portion size. . . Katrina M. and I stuck mainly to the nigiri. The best were the halibut, super white tuna, scallops, and uni. I will devour four orders of halibut by myself and it was better than most places. They use less ponzu sauce on theirs which gives me the impression that there is less to hide. The super white tuna was buttery and melts in your mouth. I am pretty sure I snuck a majority of them away when no one was looking. The scallops had a squeeze of lemon that accentuated the flavors of the shellfish. The sea urchin here is delicious. They were fresh, briny, and creamy.. . We had quite a few cut rolls as well. They all tasted good, but I would stick to the nigiri. The lemon roll was one that stood out above the rest. During the meal, I had wanted to order the Sushi Monster Roll. By mid meal, I was getting too full so I forgot about it. A friend ordered it while no one else was paying attention. We got it as our last roll and regretted every minute of it. One piece is the equivalent of three normal ones. The giant roll has a condense deep fried fish center wrapped in seaweed, rice, soy paper and more rice. If you have a hard time with a spider roll avoid this one. I took the challenge and stuffed the whole piece in my mouth. It was not pretty. . . Save room for dessert, because it is all superb. The tofu cheesecake is rich and dense. You would never be able to guess that it was made of soy. The green tea creme brulee and cake has a mellow taste. If they allowed for it, I would do AYCE dessert.
By far the best AYCE sushi place I've been to!! Pretty much every roll I had was great. I ordered a lot of nigiri to get my money's worth and my favorite had to be the blue fin tuna. I wish there wasn't a limit of one order per person bc I would have ordered another 5 orders for myself!. . Besides sushi I also tried the mussels and pork belly. I was disappointed in the pork belly after everyone talked so highly about it. I thought the pork belly at Bachi Burger was way better. The mussels were great. Only had one order as I couldn't stop eating sushi. . . Also if you like really spicy food I would recommend the 911 roll. It didn't start off spicy but it gradually built until my tongue was on fire. I felt like I was doing a Man vs. Food challenge!. . Overall it was a great experience. I didn't leave much room for desert but had the lychee sorbet and it was great. They even had small pieces of lychee in it (nice touch)
Am I glad I consulted yelp when I was looking for an outstanding AYCE sushi bar in Las Vegas! I promised my son and his friend a I would take them to the best sushi bar when I took them to Vegas a few weeks ago. They are sushi gourmets and they said it was the best sushi ever.. . Me? I haven't acquired a taste for it yet but here is my contribution......I tried the fried pork belly was truly a taste thrill!
This wasnt ok. It wasnt great. It wasnt good. IT WAS FRIGGING EXCEPTIONAL. Coming from a person who isnt a Sushi Snob but who eats a fair amount of sushi and not the weak california rolls. Not that im hating on California rolls i just prefer the real DEAL. And what a deal it is for AYCE. They didnt even bat an eye that i was a little late and the group was already seated. . Sure my drink came out late but the service from then on was ABOVE PAR. Plus it was a group of us. There is a nice amount to choose from the AYCE eat list from Salads to Noodles to Sushi, and Chicken skewers. Ohhhhh My SENSORY EFFING OVERLOAD. Im not one to say when i go to a place that everything was delicious. BUT EVERYTHING was, im not a fan of scallops, i found that out tonight but it was still VERY VERY FRESH. As in i was just floating or swimming or whatever a scallop does off the coast of California this morning and now Im in your mouth. Ahhh Green Tea cake how ill miss thee. . . If your here on vacation skip the buffet and come here. Have a big group come here. Want to treat your lady or man COME HERE. I SHALL BE BACK. And get a stamp card.
Thank you Yelp!!!!!. While in Las Vegas with a few friends, we turned to our favorite foodie site and hit a grand slam.. Do not let the outside fool you. However, once inside you feel the energy and buzz of this place.. We were fortunate to go on a Wednesday, and only waited a little while for places at the sushi bar.. To begin with, Goyemon is one of the best sushi restaurants I have ever been too. Everything is five star. . And the best thing about it, they have an all you can eat deal for less than $30 per person.. Our head sushi chef, Fredo, was an entertainer and perfectionist who entertained us while we dined on all his suggestions. . Normally, the quality of an all you can eat is questionable.. Here, it is as fine as you can get and a bargain too.. It is on the west side of town, a decent ride but well worth the trip.
Best sushi for the price I have had in Vegas. My friend and I shared the sushi/sashimi combo for two and it was more than enough food for both of us at the price of $24! The fish is super fresh, and the service was great. I wish the place was bigger though because I know it's going to get popular and I don't want to have to wait in line.
All you can eat sushi joints are all over Las Vegas, so how do you choose one and say it's your favorite? Fresh fish and a huge selection of non sushi dishes included in the AYCE.. . I love this place, fresh fish, tasty cold and warm dishes and friendly, fast service. The AYCE sushi menu includes a large selection of cold and warm dishes from udon to tofu salad to grilled pork belly. The udon broth is very delicious and soothing, I recommend ordering it toward the end of your meal after you've eaten all of the sushi. The sushi is fresh and quite tasty, I recommend the garlic tuna, garlic yellowtail, cajun albacore and sweet shrimp with the fried head on the side, (of course). The crispy tuna is also a must and the pickled plum hand roll is also delicious.. . This is one of my favorite AYCE sushi places, if I could, I'd go here 2-3 times a week. If you're looking for fresh sushi and reasonable prices, this is the place to go.
So when i was asked what i would like for dinner on our final night in Vegas i said Sushi please!!  Lucky for me, Minh D knew about this awesome place that is located off the strip and is moderate priced       ($26.95 for AYCE) and open till 3:00am. Parking wasnt bad and we were warmly welcomed and seated at a table right away.. Hungry and not knowing what to order first (I love sushi and could probally eat my weight in it). Minh said he was getting the AYCE which was unlimited sushi that had to be consumed in 60minutes with no left over rice on the plates, if there was any traces of sushi or rice left overs they would charge you A La Carte prices. You can not share with other non AYCE people at your table, however you can share if anyone at your table is partaking in the AYCE challenge which is a good thing and highly recommended!! So after really thinking about it i decided to challenge myself and do it!! Heck you only live once, gotta try different things!!. . In no order and from what i can remember before the sushi coma totally took over:. . Grilled Tofu Salad-Grilled Tofu and spring mix served with a garlic sesame dressing.. . Tryed some of Minh's Grilled Pork Belly-Grilled pork belly served with mango salsa. . Half roll- Philadelphia Roll-Salmon,Cream Cheese,Avocado,Cucumber topped with smelt eggs. . Half roll-California Roll. . Five piece Roll (no half boo)- Spider Roll-Deep fried soft shell crab meat,cucumber,avocado with eel sauce and wrapped in soybean paper. . Half roll- Chicken teriyaki roll (Do not order, sadly the chicken was so dry it almost gaged me). . Between all those rolls and eating some of Minh's i started to realize that i could not finish all of this. Taking a rest and also walking around the food just wasnt wanting to settle. Sadly i had to tap out half way through the challenge. This little cupcake has had her fill of sushi for the next month and a half!! I was looking forward to saving room for dessert which they had Green Tea Creme Brulee (my favorite).  Untill next time we are in town, i think i will come better prepared for such a challenge!!
Sushi House Goyemon. . I have been dying to try this place since it opened up near me. After all the rave reviews, I was doubly excited to finally get here for dinner one night with all my friends.. . We had a pretty large party, around 12 people, so we got here around 7 hoping to get a table by 7:30. The wait really wasn't very long, considering how small the restaurant is. I've been to this location before when it was Sushi Hana and then again when it was Shin and I was pleasantly surprised by the interior of this restaurant. They really did wonders to make it much more cozy and upscale looking than the previous two restaurants that occupied this space.. . Being owned by the same owners of Sushi Mon, the menus are quite similar and the quality is on par. With the addition of some special menu items and a more attractive restaurant interior and couple that with the relative proximity to my home, I'll definitely be making this place my go-to AYCE sushi place from now on!. . I was happily eating as much of the grilled veggies and pork belly as I could get my hands on. The grilled tofu salad was also delightful and light. These were some stars on the non-sushi side of the menu. I'll definitely be getting these items again on my next visit. I didn't try a lot of the specialty rolls and stuck mainly to the nigiri and cooked items. I was really interested in the salmon or yellowtail collar, as that's usually a favorite of mine at Sushi Mon, but they were out unfortunately. That will definitely be on the top of my to-do list for next time. Everything was fresh and yummy, I can't even say anything outshone another dish as I loved everything I tried.. . Another positive about this place is the AYCE option for desserts, since there are often quite a few desserts I am interested in trying at one time. I tried a little from everyone's order and my favorites were the green tea creme bruelee and the tofu cheesecake. The others were pretty good as well. . . Just a note - make sure you bring your stamp card from Sushi Mon when you come since they share a stamp card. Definitely worth the trip, I'll be back... SOON.
Vegas has the best collection of awesome sushi joints. The abundance of great sushi spots in this city make every trip worth it. They're all located off Strip too. You gotta drive out and some of these places are locals favorites.. . Sushi House Goyemon is another sweet spot. AYCE and open really late, it's simply heaven. AYCE includes not only sushi but salads, appetizers, side dishes, and dessert too.. . Poki salad - Fresh tuna and addicting tangy dressing.. . Grilled tofu salad - The grilled tofu had a perfect seasoned taste.. . Grilled pork belly - 2 slices of tender melt in your mouth pork belly.. . Albacore - Above average albacore nigiri.. . Cajun Albacore - This is myfavorite nigiri here. Super flavorful.. . Super white tuna - Excellent but not as good as Hikari's.. . Spider roll - Very well executed here. Wrapped with soy paper.. . Pixie roll - It's like a spider roll with more stuff. Also excellent.. . O.I.D. roll - Baked roll with salmon and asparagus. Not bad.. . Being super hungry, we made the fatal mistake of ordering too much too fast. By the time the first wave digested, Sarah A. and I were in sushi hell. We were struggling to breathe or move. Be sure to finish or else you'll end up paying in more ways than one!. . Ironically, I ended the night with a bowl of lychee ice cream :D
WHERE: Located on Tropicana & Decatur.. . WHEN: 5pm-3am (dinner & late dinnertime!). . WHY: Have you ever posted "best sushi in LV" topics on Yelp Talk? If so, no need to ask anymore, because this is it!! THE BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI JOINT IN TOWN! WITHOUT A DOUBT!. . WHAT: Firstly, we got to test out the new party room! There were 20 of us sushi-eaters ready to devour and take advantage of that AYCE sushi menu! The servers were all dolls! They were extremely helpful (knowing how hectic a large party can be) and us paying separately did not scare them at all. They were well-prepared! COOL points for the staff that night!. . So, on to the food! I would just like to state the fact that each dish was made with such perfection! From the many attractive flavors, to the presentation!. . SOME THINGS I TRIED:. . Orgasm salad: Something a little bit different! The sauce blend had a little tang and zest to it, which actually made the salad.. . Pastel roll: shrimp and crab wrapped inside soy paper, shrimp and avocado on top, slightly drizzled with spicy yum & eel sauce on top!. . 911 roll: To all of you spice-aholics, you need to try this one! I personally thought that I would be able to take some HEAT, but I had to LEAVE THE KITCHEN for this one! After several drinks of water and patiently waiting it out, the spice stuck to my tongue! So, the tip for this roll: BEWARE, AND PROCEED WITH CAUTION! haha. . I LOVE BAKED ROLLS! So, I love the fact that they have a handful of great ones!. O.I.D. roll: shrimp & asparagus wrapped in salmon & baked with yumyum sauce! Oh whatt?!!. Baked 428: I had to try this one just because it said baked chicken inside the roll! I have never tried a chicken roll =). Goyemon lasagna roll: I love japanese lasagna rolls, so I always try it in every sushi spot. & this won my heart over! My absolute favorite lasagna roll of all time!. . DESSERT! Oh how I love the end of beautiful beginnings solely due to dessert! So... there are a couple of desserts you may choose from on the ayce menu, (tempura, mochi, etc) meaning you can get as much as you'd like?! There is a separate dessert menu you can choose from as well, where you are only allowed to pick one on there! And on this beautiful menu lay "GREEN TEA CREME BRULEE," which happened to be my pick! =D It was completely marvelous!. . Lastly, I would like to give a shoutout to my fellow yelper, Nelson Q., for introducing me to such greatness! You got me hooked, my friend! So hooked that I will be back there next week!. . WINNER, WINNER, SUSHI DINNER!
Came here on a Saturday evening to a packed crowd for AYCE. ($27) Wait was about 30-40min for a group of 6. I would suggest having a volunteer go early and get your name on the list. However, they do take reservations for groups of 10+ since they have a party room.. . Food: Oh boy Oh boy Oh boy! The Salmon nigiri melted in your mouth like butter and we ordered 654640 orders. The fish wasn't smelly at all and you could just tell that it was super fresh. It reminded me of the old Sushi Mon's fish (which use to be my number 1 go to place for sushi). Tuna and Yellowtail was just as fresh and buttery. Their new items such as the pork belly is a must try too. We also half-ordered 10 different rolls and all of them were just as tasty. For dessert, I got the lychee sherbert, green tea creme brulee, tofu cheesecake (tastes like cheesecake), and the fried ice cream. All of them thumbs up!. . Overall, this is now my go-to place for AYCE sushi. They offer a variety of items and service is adeqaute.
YES!  I enjoyed my experience at Sushi House Goyemon!!!  We found this restaurant through YELP!  Thank you Yelp!!!. . After reading the Yelp reviews, we expected a wait, but the night and time we went, there was no wait.  On the menu, it says that you have 60 minutes to eat.  You must eat everything you order and not leave a pile of rice or they will charge you per item.. . I like the fact that they use YAMASA soy sauce!!!. . For $26.95, you can get just about everything you want on the menu.  The items I liked the best were the yellowtail sushi, shrimp tempura, uni (only one order per person), crab meat sushi, and yellowtail collar.  The fish is fresh and cut Japanese style (smaller portions).. . The only item I didn't like that much was the salmon sushi, so I only got one order of that.  The nigiri toro wasn't what I was expecting either.. . Some of the other rolls looked good, but are big, so I didn't want to fill up on one roll.  The one roll I would have liked to try was the Spider roll.. . For dessert, I had the green tea creme brulee which was pretty good.. . The service is good.  There was only a few times when a server wasn't close by or when we had to wait to order something when we wanted.. . I would definitely go back to Sushi House Goyemon!  See my pictures!. . Xie Xie!!
Added this place to my top 3 sushi joints.  Tried it out last night and it satisfied me and my wife's sushi craving.  We got there at around 10pm and waited about 30min.. . The owners are also the owners of Sushi-mon on Silverado and Maryland and Fredo moved to this location.  He is still funny as usual and a great sushi chef.. . Just like everyone says the food is fresh and tasty.  Pork belly is a must try. Love the grill taste to it.  You can also order all your rolls as half orders which is a plus, so that you can try out more rolls.  Tried my first Jalapeno masago nigiri(thanks Fredo) and it was awesome.  Try one with a quail egg and one without.  I didnt get to try my usual hamachi kama, due to being sold out of that and salmon kama (collar). Im sure they are both just as great as sushi-mons.. . Make sure you look at the chalkboard to the right of the sushi bar for daily specials. I seen it at the end of the meal and didn't get to try them :(. We will definately go back and we will be bringing more people to enjoy this place.
This place only does dinner which is the only negative thing I can say about it. Service with a smile comes to life as soon as you walk in the door. It's always a busy place especially on weekends and they don't take reservations so plan on waiting friday and saturday. Once seated the servers are eager to bring you your hearts desires and in a timely manner. From the nigiri to the custom handrolls the fish is ample and fresh tasting.if your all about the AYCE, this is your place.
Me and my girlfriend were spending a friday in vegas, and while everyone went out to party and club and what not, we decided to go on a nice dinner date together, we finally decided upon Sushi Goyemon. The feast that followed was one for the ages... . We chose this place because the high rating, the deliciously fresh looking pictures and the proximity to mgm signature and the strip. This exceeded any sort of expectations we had that night. We had no idea this was an AYCE joint and had i known, i may have put up a small fight as to going here, but I'm glad I didn't because right when we sat down (at the bar of course) the very personable sushi chefs threw the AYCE idea at us and we didn't know if we could really eat our money's worth. But Sushi Goyemon has you covered! You don't have to order the AYCE (which is basically the whole menu including the specials) but if you happen to order more than the cost of the AYCE, they automatically make it AYCE and you can eat and eat and eat and eat! And eat we did... . My girlfriend is still pretty new to all this raw fish stuff, and she enjoyed this experience every bit as much as I did. I told her, "Don't worry, if it's fresh, you'll love it!" and love it she did!! every single piece, all 5'4'' hundred pounds of her wolfed down that sushi like she was Oprah at thanksgiving!. . If I even began to go down the list of delicious morsels we had that night this would end up a dissertation; but I will say that that all of the fish was really fresh, the service was awesome and we're here a week after that meal still thinking and talking about our experience.. . P.S. They call it an orgasm salad for a reason.. order it..
Listing all the food we ate for AYCE at Goyemon would give me carpel tunnel syndrome. I think the 7 of us cleared off about 50+ plates.. . Best of the best:. . -Braised pork belly A++++. -Masago w/ quail egg A++++. -Each and every one of the fresh sushi A++++. . Service:. -So friendly, attentive, quick!. -Make sure you ask them to check on an order if it doesn't come within 5 minutes. That just means they forgot, since their orders come out SUPER fast.. . And remember, you're in Vegas.. Sake bombs are a requirement.. (Get hot sake - yummmmm!)
If I were rating this place as a regular, sit down sushi place, I'd probably give it 4 stars based on quality of fish.  But given that is offers quality fish with an AYCE option, Goyemon gets 5 stars.  I've been to AYCE sushi places all over the country, and I have to say, Goyemon is the best I've ever been to.. . Must tries: pork belly, uni, hamachi collar (when they have it).  I also enjoyed the desserts--especially the green tea cake with red bean icing and the creme brulee.  Will definitely be going back everytime I'm in vegas
Best for All You Can Eat I have had so far in Vegas, and I feel like it's been a long search. Not only has the service here been great everytime, the food has been outstanding!.  I am a fan of the specials board, the fresh fish, that pork belly and spicy tuna appetizer, and the yummy desserts, especially the green tea creme brulee! . In all our visits we sit at the sushi bar and let the chef feed us. Our meals so far have been delicious, filling, and entertaining so I make sure to tell everyone about this place when they are looking to grub on some serious sushi. We walked in around 7 the other day and there was a 45 minute wait, but we have always had luck later in the evening. Enjoy!
This is a bit redundant but this is the Best AYCE Sushi restaurant in Las Vegas IMO. I can't remember everything I ate that night but we went through majority of the menu and the specials board and I was not disappointed at all. A few memorable standouts were the Yellowtail, Snapper, and Mackerel which found themselves repeated in every order. And of course the ever popular Pork Belly was very nice. I arrived too late and there was no more Hamachi Kama but just looking at that picture has me feenin to go back for it. There fish was of great quality. It was all so fresh tasting and there was no abuse of sauce. The sushi rice I could eat on its own. To me the rice is just as, if not a little more, important than what is on top and this place has nice rice. There was a nice attention to detail in the sushi which is not something I see at most AYCE places and even some regular sushi restaurants. Close your eyes, put your finger anywhere on the menu and anything you land on will be good.
The amount of rice to fish ratio is perfect for AYCE. Gotta check out their daily specials. Love the pork belly and desserts. You have to get the green tea cake. Yumz! . . I've also had their sashimi dinner instead of AYCE before. Fresh THICK pieces of fish for a decent price of around $14. The dinner also include miso soup, salad, and rice.
Fredo is a SUSHI GOD. I sat at the Bar and it wasnt busy as it should be for a Friday. After being seated Fredo informs me he will be a few minutes. I appreciate the heads up. He makes small chat about if ive been there before. And before i have a chance to Order off the AYCE menu, he says I will delight you with treats for your tongue. From the Spicy Tuna to the Grilled Tofu Salad which i felt a little Misti Y in me for eating it. BUT HOT DAMN it was delicious. Made me Negrito Toro and Regular Toro. Ohh Man. Blue Fin Sushi ahhh delic. And even served me a special that wasnt on the menu. Also get PORK BELLY NOM NOM NOM NOM. . The Customer service was excellent was always. Never did my Soda get on the south end of the levy. And I finished my meal with Green Tea Cake(always a good choice) And Green Tea Creme Brulee. Fredo is also a Sports Fan, and will tell you about Sushi Chefs he has worked with in the past. Even one who moved to Colorado and i will be checking in to see what restaurant he went to, because Fredo couldnt remember :(. And i left my stamp card at home, and they stamped and dated my reciept so i can bring it back with my card and get caught up. AWESUMMMM
I have to agree with pretty much with everyone else have written already.. . Braised pork belly - We (2 of us) had 6 + orders of this most amazing pork belly EVA.). . Spicy Tuna Fire Cracker - 5 orders of this.  . . Lychee Sorbet - I ordered a total of 4 sorbets, and even after the bill was paid, I had to order another one.. . Amber Jack  sushi - This piece of fish tasted so fresh and flavorful.  Good recommendation from the waiter.  . . The only negative comment is that they didn't have yellowtail collar.  They never seem to have it.  Maybe cross it out the menu?  But other than that, I must agree that this is the best AYCE sushi joint in Vegas.
Great fresh sushi here. Make sure you sit at the sushi bar though so you can interact with the sushi chefs, who are all very cool and like to talk. A wide variety of rolls makes for some very interesting and intriguing options. You have to go with the all-you-can-eat deal as well. For $28, you can go to town on anything they have on the menu, which includes appetizers, nigiri, and rolls. Sometime the place is really packed and since its kinda small, you have to wait for a while, but it is definitely worth it. The location is kind of hidden on the end of a strip-mall, but there is plenty of parking available. I have eaten here many times and its great every time. Plus they have a loyalty card program as well after 10 times dining in you get a free meal. Definitely one of my favorite sushi places in Vegas.
My cousin recommended this place and I'm so glad that he recommended it, cuz this is my new fav. AYCE!. There are tons of sushi to pick from, and there are also some special sushi every night, which I didn't know about the first time I went. But the second time, they had seawater eel and toro (fatty tuna), and both of them were awesome!. The sweet shrimp (my personal fav) taste really good. The other sushi were fresh and taste delicious.. After the sushi, we had dessert, the green tea creme brulee and tempura ice cream were delicious. . My only complain is the waiting time. So I recommend you order everything that you can think of the first time or you will be hungry for a long time if you order a little every time the server comes over. Also, go there early, I waited for 40 mins the first time and an hr the second time before for seating.. Other than that, this place is great and you should seriously try it out.
Ay!!! The rice cracker is the bomb!!!!!!!!!!!! The mussels r fresh n tasty!!!! Service is great!!!!
OK, it's a 5 star review, but was almost 4 stars.  Came here on a Saturday night, and it was of course busy, but there were two tables of 2 open that I could have been seated in way sooner.  The staff were trying to wait for the table between them to get up so they could seat a party of 6, even though there was another table for them opening up shortly, so my party could have been eating sushi sooner.  But whatever, I won't hold that against them.. . The AYCE sushi was awesome, as all the other reviewers already covered.  The toro was just out of this world, and so was the sweet shrimp.  Everything else was pretty well above average, except for the salmon, which was nice and big but just wasn't as delicious as a few other spots I've been to around town.   Oh yes, the hamachi was great as well.  Kept ordering "one more order" at the end of the meal.. . Had a couple 1/2 rolls that were ok.  I'd much rather eat nigiri.  Also tried a few of the unusual (for AYCE at least) items like the crispy rice with spicy tuna and the grilled pork belly.  Again, everything was delicious.. . Also was offered a punch card when I paid, which I wasn't sure if they'd have or not.  Kind of rubbing it in my face, because I had a fully stamped card from Sushi Hana, the place that used to be in the space Goyemon is in, and then they shut down.  OK, let's try this again.  8 meals to go!
The beginning of the summer marked a realization of sorts: I am no self-professed sushi connoisseur. Far from it, the best I've ever had was probably made in my school's dining hall - sad, I know. But when my brother and his friend decided to go to Sushi House Goyemon, I had to go.. . We all decided to do the the AYCE, and from the taste of the appetizers, I was glad we did. From the Spicy Tuna Rice Cracker (rice deep-fried then topped with spicy tuna and yum yum sauce) to the Seaweed Salad to the orgasmic Pork Belly, I was in love at first course. Then, within 2.5 seconds, Katrina M. and my brother ordered nigiri in endless quantities - some of the standouts were the Garlic Tuna (an absolute favorite), Super White Tuna, Eel, and the Scallop. All of which were incredibly fresh; if it weren't for Vegas being landlocked, I could have sworn the Uni was plucked straight from the sea. As for rolls, we ordered the Lemon Roll, which was perfect in all of its citrusy lightness.. . Dessert was not even the end of it! With options of Green Tea Creme Brulee (though I am not as convinced on it as my brother is), Mochi, and Green Tea Cake, my absolute favorites were the Lychee Sorbet and Tofu Cheesecake. The former is light enough that I can justify ordering two bowls. The latter combines my two favorite things in the world into one non-guilt-inducing dessert! With the tartness of the mangoes, I can't help but feel okay eating the Tofu Cheesecake - hey, at least I'm eating some fruit too!. . Goyemon is certainly smart - not only is AYCE 27 dollars and worth every penny in quantity and quality, but it doesn't mess around with the nonsense of being open for lunch. Dinner only means by an hour of being open, the place is already packed, and there's a line forming. Thank goodness for such a timely brother, we always manage to arrive right after they open and miss the treachery of waiting for such deliciousness.
just bout everything is great here... miss the yellow tail collars..
I've got a good AYCE sushi place 3 minutes from my house so it would take a helluva good experience elsewhere to get me to drive out of my way. With that said, this place is the tits! I've found my new favorite sushi place here in Vegas.. . I tend to roll solo and did so tonight so I sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef, Min, was amazing. Since I was there by myself we talked most of the night. He was engaging and told me Goyemon is from the same owner as the Henderson Sushi-mon and you'll notice the similarities. Min also suggested side items based on the sushiI was ordering from him. It made the experience that much better.. . And the service from everyone was awesome! Diane was my primary server but I believe every single person who works there stopped by to see how I was doing. I drink a ton of water when I'm dining out and my glass was always full.. . Not only the service but the cuts of fish were top notch as well. Goyemon, you've got yourself a new regular now. I recommend everyone check this place out!
I enjoy their sushi, one of the best place to go ACE. just like Sushimon but better. I tried other sushi's in las vegas but I'm always drawn back to Goyemon and Sushimon...this is good and reasonable place...more fish less rice...
This is hands down, the BEST ayce sushi you can find anywhere!. . Everything they have here is melt-in-your-mouth fresh.  They don't over stuff you with rice either just because it's ayce.  This place is when quality finally meets quantity.. . Remember to finish off with their amazing desserts.  The green tea creme brulee has me drooling for days after consuming it.  Lychee sherbet was also tarty and sweet and oh-so-yummy.. . I'll go back to Vegas JUST FOR THIS, JUST FOR THIS!!!!!!!!
I believe this is was one of the best AYCE sushi restaurants we've been to. We come to Vegas yearly and always look for good restaurants. Going 2 miles off the strip to eat here is well worth it. Be forewarned they are busy nonstop. We walked down from Mandalay bay and had a 45 min wait so we walked back and grabbed our car. When we returned we had our bar seat ready for us. The sushi chefs are fun to chat with and give great suggestions!. . 9-1-1 roll very HOT spicy. . Spicy rice cracker yum. Tiger roll looked killer. Hurricane & volcano excellent. Orgasm salad delicious!. Tofu cheesecake interesting - refreshing . . Cool thing you can order half rolls so you can try so much!  $26.95/person . . We will be back!!!!
Who says the best food in Vegas in ON the STRIP? Not me!. . This place was the bomb.com! (not trademarked). . My fiance and I stayed at a timeshare directly next to a small shopping center off of Decatur Blvd.  Normally we would go towards the strip to eat at one of the many great places to eat, but we decided to eat nearby on Wednesday evening.  What a great choice that was.  Well, on to the food!. . We walked in and were greeted immediately.  Smiles all around and were seated right away.  The hostess asked if we had been there before and we responded no, but we might be returning again in the future.  We sat down and were asked if we planned to order from the "A la carte" menu or just going to have the highly recommended "All you can eat" menu.  $26.95 for all you can eat?  Sure!  Why not?  We were pleasantly surprised to find out that it wasn't your typical pre-made rolls or crappy appetizers to choose from ... In fact, it was the whole freaking menu!  Everything we had wanted and more!  For $26.95?  Not too shabby!  Now, I am not typically a heavy eater, but when I am on vacation in Las Vegas, I am going to EAT!  . . We started by ordering some Salmon and Tuna sushi.  4 Pieces for each of us.  Had some calamari and some edamame to go with it.  The sushi pieces were pretty fresh considering we were in a desert.  The edemame, well it's edemame, you can't really screw it up right?  The calamari was pretty good, nothing to write home about, but I would (will) order it again.  Then we moved onto the rolls and ordered a salmon roll and a specialized roll that I requested.  They didn't have anything on the menu that had Avocado, Mango, and Tuna.  I wanted all of these things together and can normally find a roll with those contents in Orange County at just about any Sushi place.  They conjured it up for me with some mango salsa they had, sliced Avocado, and some good tuna.  The rolls were good in size and pretty flavorful.  This was the point where normally I would think about calling it a night ... but tonight was ALL YOU CAN EAT!  . . We moved on to the crazy good stuff.  Grilled pork belly with mango salsa?  Insanely good!  I normally stay away from pork, but the waiter insisted I tried it ... thank you Odin!  (The waiter was named Odin by the way)  And with the pork we had an order of the grilled veggies.  The veggies were amazing.  I don't know how much butter or what type of seasoning they added to these vegetables, but they were so good we immediately ordered another order.  It consisted of asparagus, mushrooms, and cherry tomatoes.  Just for good measure I ordered a few more pieces of sushi just to fill me to the brim.. . Last but not least we ordered the desserts.  We had a green tea creme brulee (which was divine) and some green tea ice cream.  The desserts ended the meal perfectly.  All and all we probably ate about $80 worth of food for about $54.  . . I have to give a special shout out to Odin.  We had some complications with ordering drinks in the beginning and he was very accommodating and gave some great recommendations.  I left him a huge (well deserved) tip.  Next time we go back to Vegas, we will absolutely have to stop at Goyemon!. . Enjoy!. . -Steven
When it comes to "all you can eat" sushi, Goyemon has to be one of the best here in Vegas. . . Their AYCE menu is pretty extensive which includes a lot of variety. Like most places they say you have a one hour time limit but the waiter was always around if we wanted to order more and believe me we ordered enough to feed a family of four and it was only two of us. . . First thing on the menu that caught my eye was pork belly. I know most of my reviews mention pork but c'mon "ALL YOU CAN EAT PORK BELLY" I was like a kid in a candy store. The pork is braised to perfect tenderness and lightly grilled for that chard flavor. Another thing that was unique was their Spicy Tuna Fire Cracker. The crunchy texture of the rice and soft spicy tuna tantalizes your taste buds. I tend to order most of the Nigiri sushi and the quality of their fish and seafood is tops! . . The only thing I would say was "so so" was their deserts with the exception of their lychee sorbet. But its OK by this time I was comatose from all that sushi goodness. . . I would have to say Goyemon has set the bar pretty high for me when it comes to AYCE sushi.
this place is awesome for all you can eat. the sushi is fresh and they have the best home made desserts.
My fav sushi spot! nd yuuum their desserts omg!! At 11pm and on they also serve Monta noodles..oh yah!
Wow. Great sushi! All you can eat for 26 bucks! Make sure to get your money's worth! I came her with my girlfriend and got AYCE and we got a lot of half rolls and figured the price of the meal would just come out to the price of AYCE. . We sat at the sushi bar and had Fredo(?) as our sushi chef. Really cool guy and really friendly. He recommended things to use and everything tasted great. . YOU MUST get the grilled cajun salmon! It only comes in a small bit size so order about two for yourself. The chocolate moose was the only desert we tried and it was amazing. Also get the grilled veggies. Whatever butter they put is really tasty!!. The server was great too. There's about three that bus the sushi bar and grab drinks and one of them takes your order that doesn't get made by the sushi chefs. Super quick service!. If you do AYCE 10 times you get the 11th free!. Oh and a Sunday night the wait was about 45 minutes for two people. The place is small and super packed. Make sure to say you will sit in either a booth or table so if either opens up you'll get seated faster
Goyemon is one of my favorite AYCE sushi place. . I was big fan of Sushimon and after they opened Goyemon I go to goyemon almost every week.  . Always ask for "today's special" . They have Kobe beef sushi, Toro, anago and many other things for today's special and it is different everyday.. If you prefer fast service I recommend you seat at the bar.. Great nigiri sushi quality with fresh fish.
Very very good sushi. All you can eat for $26 makes this place an amazing deal. If you take a trip to Vegas make a detour from the strip its well worth it!
This place is AWESOME! I was so impressed with the freshness and variety they offer for their AYCE menu. I would definitely go to this place over Sushi Mon for their AYCE. They have variety of gourmet desserts and special rolls. Best place in Las Vegas for AYCE sushi.  It's a tiny place but the staff was very friendly and our food came very quick as we ordered more as we ate. Great Place!
The Husband and I have been anxious awaiting our turn to check out this newly popular AYCE sushi joint in the southwest part of town and we finally got a chance last week!  (After all, this location once housed Sushi Hana and SHIN Yakitori.). . Open only for dinner from 5:00 pm to 3:00 am, we made it our mission to be waiting when the doors open.  We weren't the only ones on a Sunday night to think of this, but were definitely glad we did.. . Beyond the standard sushi rolls and sushi, what makes Sushi House Goyemon a star higher than others?  These were noteworthy in my book:. . * Specials board: Oh my goodness!  This is what got me!  They had off the standard menu fish like bonito, kampachi, sardines, and yuzu tobiko that were included in AYCE.  That was definitely a highlight in my book!  Loving the yuzu tobiko!. . * Pork Belly - Yes, everyone talks about it and it's good stuff.  We love pork belly - we have marinated cooked pork belly sitting in our freezer ready to throw into the rice cooker at a moment's notice.  We love pork belly.  Sure, the portion is a meager two pieces at a time, but it's AYCE, so order up more!. . * Shoyu Ramen is included in AYCE after 11 pm.  Sure, we missed this, but it got the Husband all excited with the possibility of it.  (Why someone would want to fill their belly with ramen and soup during an AYCE sushi fest is beyond me.). . * Dessert included, as in ALL the desserts are included!  I've been to other AYCE sushi joints that may or may not included AYCE ice cream, but they not only have a few ice cream flavors, but four different desserts to choose from.  Uh, score a point there!  We tried them all - Green Tea Cake, Chocolate Mousse, Plum Wine Jelly, and Green Tea Creme Brulee.. . * Hot or Iced Green Tea is included.. . So, what's with all the mixed reviews?  The major problem here is service.  I read over the recent reviews and took note of the declining service and definitely can attest to what the other yelpers are complaining about.  We were lucky that Chizuru was our primary waitress because she is stellar.  And the rest of the staff, that's the problem.  From the moment we walked in and said party of four and one highchair, the hostess/waitress totally forgot to bring a highchair.  Other staff people were just not attentive, as I was often seen waving my arms around to get their attention.  Waiters who refill your beverages should really put your glass back in front of you, not at the other end of the table and watch you struggle to reach across to get it.  There are just some people who are just really good at restaurant service and others that could use some improvement. . Nonetheless, we've been gone so long from the AYCE world that we are happy to go back.  Yeah, we'll be back this week!. . 4.5 stars.. . They offer a frequent eater card, which is always nice.  Looks like they are related to Sushi Mon and Monta Ramen as well.  Good to know!. . They also take reservations for their party room from 10-20 people.  Last seating for AYCE is 2:00 am!
Came as a direct result of the fantastic yelp reviews and without a reservation.  Four of us had to wait about 45 minutes--but it was WELL worth it.  ~$27 for all-you-can-eat sushi is a deal in and of itself, but what makes this place remarkable are the sushi chefs behind the bar.  The chef asked us what we liked/what we didn't like and took it from there--bringing course after course of some of the most interesting, varied, and DELICIOUS sushi I've ever tried--rollsand nigiri--until we said stop.. . Do yourself a favor and take the $15 cab ride from your hotel on the strip to this restaurant and you will not be disappointed.
A new favorit spot of mine, all you can eat as well! The food here is awesome! The service is also good. For our group our favorite is the grilled pork belly. Thats is hands down awesome along with the mahalo roll! Get choke parking and its not hard to find. You might find yourself waiting as there usually is a wait due to its small size but totally worth it. They also have a sectioned off area for bigger parties so make sure you reserve or have someone go a little early to resere the tables.
This place has the hands down best uni i have ever tasted in my life!! + sushi melts in your mouth. So fresh at the perfect temperature. I fell in love with their sushi so much that i still cant forget the taste.. the first place i am headed when i goto vegas :)
Sat at the sushi bar. Service is excellent and the fish is even better. Some of the best sushi I have had. If you are in Vegas and want sushi, this place is a must.
My first time here, you can either do all you can eat or just order from the menu.  The sushi s great, not your typical sushi all you can eat quality.  Make sure you allow for sometime since this place gets really busy.  The sashimi(hamachi, amaebi, unagi, salmon, tuna) was very fresh.  I am not a fan of uni and we had some and it was amazingly good.  Too bad you are limited on some items.  They have a special menu and great desert menu.  The green tea crem brulee, green tea cheese cake, and green tea cake is a must have.  Actually everything is good here and they have a good selection of drinks as well.  Can't wait to go back to Vegas and stop by Goyemon for their great food.
this place rocks.  great sushi, great service.  highly recommend.
I've been to my fair share of all you can eat sushi bars, and in general they're run by koreans. This place is not run by koreans, but by japanese people. The quality here is outstanding, and maybe the best quality in a all you can eat sushi bar that I have ever eaten. It's not perfect, I ordered 3 orders of halibut but the owner/chef only gave me one order. Maybe he didn't hear me, or was being sneaky, but it doesn't matter, the food was good. And coming here was a last minute thing for me, you see, I was staying at a friend's place in vegas over the labor day weekend. However, he has a baby and set the airconditioner at 80 degrees when the temp outside was well over 100. I couldn't bare another night so I left his pad, and was driving home, but this place was on the way. I stopped by late night, which is fine, because this place closes at 3 am. The best all you can eat sushi in las vegas.
This place is THE BOMB!! An amazing value, good food, and INCREDIBLE service! Very entertaining, too!. . THE ORDER:. Pretty much everything, since we did AYCE.. Honestly, I've had much better sushi, but trust me, it was good :). I have never been to a made-to-order AYCE sushi spot, but they hit the nail on the head with this genius way to do AYCE. . . . THE SERVICE:. Great! Our sushi chefs were engaging, hilarious, and fast!. THe other servers were very attentive with the menu items not front he sushi bar and water refills :). . OVERALL:. This place effing ROCKS! ..... and they are open until 3am!! SCHWING!. . I DEF RECOMMEND TO ALL YELPERS!!! I WILL BE BACK!!. . xo-. andrea
Stop, don't eat breakfast, lunch or any snacks and come here either right when they open or after 8:00 pm and pig out!  It will be worth it.. . 1.  Parking - Very easy, not so crowded strip mall off Decatur between Hacienda and Trop on the west side.. . 2.  Ambiance - Very nice, good sushi that seem to easily seat about 15 or so.  About 9-11 tables, I really did not count.  Party room that is real comfy for about 12 people, yeah, the same 12 that can fit all in one elevator. If you are not one of them, be careful and suck it in!  I like the place and ambiance.. . 3.  Reservations - Only for large parties. If you go during dinner, you will probably wait. We went on a Wednesday at 7:30 for a party of 6 and it was about a 50 minute wait.. . 4.  Service - Pretty darn good, attitude a 5+ and knowledge was same.  If they would explain why some peeps that seemed to just show up and get seated right away , then it would go from pretty darn good to freakin amazing!. . 5.  Food - I am a traditionalist, so they had my favorites that were tasty like Ikura, Uni, Amai-ebi, fried ebi heads, Ikura,  They had all the wild complex rolls that many like to order now and while I don't recall all the names, they were all so very good.  They even made one that my fellow muncher specified and it turned out really great!. . The people here are great, the food great, the ambiance great. You cannot go wrong.  This place is also the same as Sushi-mon owners, so be sure to have your dining card or keep the receipts for that free meal...... . Go for it!  Arigato.
Incredible sushi, friendly chefs and wait staff.  I have never seen quality like this at an all you can eat restaurant.
We were staying on the Las Vegas strip and were looking for a good sushi place tha t was a good value.  Yelp reviews led us to Sushi House Goyemon that is a few miles away.  We went for the AYCE and it was excellent.  Everything we tried was excellent.  A few of the YELP reviews suggested the pig bellies or something like that, and that was the only item we chose that was one I'd pass up next time. Nice people and great service.
This is probably my second favorite sushi joint in Las Vegas (I still slightly prefer Sushi Mon).  Goyemon does everything right.  Firstly, they have a vast selection of rolls, the creativity is certainly there.  Additionally, the service is good, the servers were attentive and made sure everyone in my party had their drinks filled at all times.  . . As far as sheer quality is concerned, I feel that Sushi Mon has the edge.  I hate to make this a comparative review because I'm sure that Goyemon has worked feverishly to create its own image, however, I feel that it's just something I can't help only because I always feel the need to rank restaurants.  It gives me a better sense of where to go, especially if I'm on time constraints.. . I will give Goyemon the edge on their pricing, which is two dollars less than Sushi Mon's.  Goyemon charges $26,95 for AYCE sushi, which isn't bad in relation to what is charged elsewhere in the city.  Goyemon also allows unlimited dessert orders, which is exciting, especially once you taste the Fried Ice Cream Tempura.  I have no shame in saying I enjoyed three separate orders.  The lychee ice cream was also a highlight of my meal.  . . Goyemon is a great place to satiate the sushi urge in you.
This place rocks! Personally I like this place better than Sushi-Mon, because they have more special rolls available and there are way more desserts to choose from - all of which you can have in the AYCE. . . Our server was very good, she made awesome suggestions. The pork belly isn't one to miss as well as the Blue Fin tuna sushi which was really fresh. Beware of the 911 roll! Talk about en el fuego! It has habanero chili sauce. Be prepared for a fire in your mouth that lasts about 10-15 minutes. Eating more sushi rice after helps quell the heat but damn, it's a hot one. It was cool to try it though.. . I am looking forward to my return!
Food was delicious but the place filled up quickly so be forewarned.  I would have totally done the AYCE but with two kids under 2, it wasn't a possibility.  Service was great too.  Definitely worth more visits next time I'm in LV.
Only open for dinner/late night 5 pm - 2 am . . Specials on a chalk board. . Sushi chefs that actually like working there and talk to you at the counter and explain everything. . . INCREDIBLE appetizers that I haven't seen anywhere else (crispy rice tuna is sooo yummy). . I love their mahalo roll (spam roll basically) but it's very popular, sometimes I see several rolls of that go out in less then 10 min.  . . Their desserts are incredible and they don't limit you to just 1.. . They are ALWAYS packed.  . . Their fish is definitely very fresh (remember if a place is busy, the fish is actually being served and is fresh, not just sitting there in a fridge waiting for guests to come in) . . I have been back several times and I HIGHLY recommend this place.
it's amazingly good and chefs and waiters are so nice! I'm a big eater and had miso soup, seaweed salad, pork belly, 19 sushi and three dessert. You've got to try sweet shrimp, unagi (both are one order per person), yellowtail is so fresh and melting; Salmon eggs with quail egg yolk (forgot it's name) is surprisingly yummy... will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas next time!
I was afraid of the possible crowding, but it wasn't too bad on a weekday night (or maybe it's because I got here late and my friends were already waiting). I mostly followed their lead, and they ordered a ton of nigiri. I don't remember too much that was distinctive, but it was definitely good quality overall. One did stick out, however: the super white tuna. Wow, so good that it made scallop seem really bland when I went back to the scallop later.. . The sweet shrimp was pretty nice as well.. . If your mind is set on just sushi, you're missing out. After reading all the rave reviews on Yelp, I went for the pork belly. Boy, they weren't lying. It's very tender and very savory, and the little bit of tomato and (mango?) they put on the side complement the flavor very well. I could probably have eaten it all night.... . I had to try at least one roll, so I went for the sexy girl. Pretty appropriate order for Vegas, right? It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was quite good and also quite a mouthful. I guess I might skip out on the rolls next time at the risk of killing my momentum again.. . The best and worst part of the night: I don't even remember reading about chocolate mousse while getting my Yelp scouting report, but that dessert is ridiculously good. Great creamy texture, great chocolate flavor, great complementary crunchy texture from the gold-colored flakes. The green tea creme brulee was good but definitely not as special, and unfortunately I didn't get to too many of the other desserts.. . I'd love to go again if it weren't so expensive. Maybe I'll eat super cheap stuff for a few months and justify another trip...
This place is great. The rice to fish ratio is insane! If you are a sushi lover like me you know what I mean. The shoyu ramen is really good and its also included in the all you can eat. The grilled pork belly is also a nice addition to the AYCE. This place is the same owners as sushi mon on maryland pkwy, so you can use the same stamp card at either location. I must say that Goyemon is so much better. I have gotten to know alot of the workers there because some of them are from sushi mon.  I think that the service is top notch and the sushi is even better!!!! Give then a try and you wont be sorry. Just and FYI the shoyu ramen is not available until after 11pm on the AYCE... It does get crowded so try to get there early but this place is really worth the wait... enjoy
This is the best kept secret in Las Vegas. There are plenty of "all you can eat" sushi places but this is the best and easiest in town. There are plenty of choices and half orders available. It is open late for after the show crowds. The best tip is eat at the bar, as the chefs explain sushi and make great suggestions that you cannot get at the tables.
Let's keep this short and too the point.  THIS PLACE IS LEGIT!. . AYCE sushi.  It includes appetizer, dessert and grilled meats. The fish is fresh and the menu is huge.  Your favorite roll is bound to show up.  Everyone talks about the wonton chips, but it was just regular.  The true jems are the Pork belly, super white tuna, and mochi ice cream! :P. . Expect a wait, but it is worth it!  Will definitely be going back here when i'm in vegas again
best all you can eat sushi.. and this location is better than the other sushi mon restaurant.. the ambiance is nicer and so are the servers.. . and of course, the sushi is YUM! fresh and good price too (:. . there is a bit of a wait but most definitely worth it!!!. . this is one of the places we always stop by when we go to veags!
Ate here at the sushi bar and got treated excellent with my girlfriend. Attentive cooks that offered suggestions and even just handed us food (We were doing AYCE... keep it flowing!). . Sat quickly, food came fast and delicious, TV's to watch the games. All in all a perfect night. Favorite roll was the Sexy Girl, and the crab dip chip thing was also banging (plus the waiters brought extra crab dip when we asked! Thanks!)
Normally when I hear "all you can eat" sushi, I'm a little skeptical on the quality of sushi however this place went above and beyond my expectations. Every time I go here I always get the allyou can eat option and  the price is really not bad at all. The sushi itself is really fresh the quality of the fish is pretty good. I like to order the uni, ama ebi (sweet shrimp), snapper, and halibut sushi. Also on the menu is the grilled yellow tail collar. Add a squeeze of lemon and voila it's ready for my taste buds. There is also a plethora of specialty sushi rolls on their menu with cool and funky names.  The appetizers and desserts are also included in the all you can eat option so I have to have the deep fried oysters (which are always fresh and deep fried to perfection), seaweed salad, and edamame.  As for the desserts they are all pretty good. Not being a sweet tooth I have to say the dessert options were better than I expected and not too sweet either.
One of the best AYCE sushi places I've been to. The AYCE selection is awesome and much more diverse than other AYCE sushi places i've been to. One of my favorite dishes is actually the braised pork belly (not sushi but...it's still good). They have daily specials that change and are also included in the AYCE too. The sushi chefs are friendly and engage in conversation if you're the type to chat it up. The fish here is quite fresh and the chefs don't give too much rice in the nigiri. The dessert selection is pretty good too. Ice Cream mochi, Lychee ice cream, tempura ice cream, and other desserts. When I came here 2 weeks ago they had a pumpkin mousse for fall season. I'll def. be coming here more often
I was going through and cleaning up my bookmarks when I came across another review I somehow missed. *Gasp* For Goyemon of all places!. . You can probably already guess that I love this place. Vegas has a sea of sushi spots, so I imagine it's hard to stand out and really impress. Somehow, Goyemon manages to do so. It's hard to explain, but I think it's just the intangibles that put Goyemon in a special place in my sushi-loving heart.. . OK so the truth is that I've only been here twice. But both times were with a large group of fantastic friends. So maybe that has something to do with it. Both times were in the private room off to the side and we had reservations, so I've never had to wait for a table. And most importantly, both times, the sushi was top notch.. . My favorite memory of this place was when my cousin and I decided to order every single nigiri item on their AYCE menu. Yep. We simply told the server, "1 through 27." Doesn't get any easier than that! They brought out our nigiri in batches of 9 pairs. It was like nigiri heaven. Probably the only negative I can even think of is that they don't have tobiko. I need my tobiko with quail egg! Oh well. Masago with quail egg works too.. . Goyemon also has a good selection of non-sushi items. Did someone say pork belly? Don't mind if I do. And their dessert. Maybe I should have started the review with dessert. Hands down, Goyemon has the best selection of any AYCE in town--lychee sorbet, plum wine jelly, tempura ice cream, and much more. And you can have as much as you want! That's certifiably insane.
Just in....OPEN DURING LUNCH for AYCE NOW!!!!! I can now happily go into food coma for the rest of my afternoon work day!  . . Good quality fish for an AYCE and they don't pack the nigiri with big blocks of rice....but no sashimi available here.  I honestly don't know much about the rolls...since I tend to be a pure fish lover....versus the cream cheese/avocado/mayo/etc mixed into the rolls. My favorite nigiri is the salmon belly, white tuna, unagi, and toro...don't forget to check out the blackboard near the cash register...it has the specials for the day!. . Similar menu to Sushi Mon off Maryland Pkwy...with the exception of special dishes like the spicy tuna rice cracker and the seared pork belly....I literally will eat 2-3 orders on my own to the disgust of those around me...but I think buffets should definitely be a no judgment zone .....I will gladly admit I wear my "elastic band pants" for all you can eats...don't want any buttons holding me back =). . Dessert is awesome with selections of tofu cheesecake, green tea creme brulee, green tea cake, red bean/greentea ice cream, mochi ice cream.. . Only minor complaint...some items have been "unavailable"...specifically  the lychee sorbet and the yellow tail collar which is succulent morsels of fish with ponzu suace, A MUST TRY that is if they have it....so maybe leaning towards a 4 star rating compared to the first time I went there....due to some missing items.
This is my go to sushi house out of all the other AYCE sushi places that I've been to in Vegas.  The quality of the fish is so good, I actually don't even bother with the rolls and tend just to get nigiri.  Be warned, this place does get extremely busy at night, so if you're coming in with a party, be warned you're probably going to have to wait for a bit.. . Non-sushi wise, I also like pretty much everything that comes off their grill.  The cajun salmon is just delicious, excellently spiced with just a little bit of kick from the pepper.  You can't go wrong with the pork belly either, it's just a rich piece of meat with really good and smooth flavors.  It usually has a great mouth feel to it as well.  And finally, the super white tuna, it's just delicious, little sweet, but very well balanced.. . Now for the chili-heads out there, this place can hook you up if you want some heat.  The 9-1-1 roll can definitely get your taste buds going, and if you want it spicier, just tell them to add more of the habanero sauce.  They can also kick most of their rolls up another notch if you ask them too.
All you can eat for 1 hour.  1 thing is, don't leave any left overs.  Great place overall.  Not to big so get here early and expect to wait if your late.
One of the BEST AYCE sushi places I've ever been to.  Really good quality and the best part is all the different desserts and cooked foods you can order w/ AYCE on top of all the made-to-order sushi.  My wife can't stop talking about this place and we make sure to always stop by when we're in town.
best quality AYCE sushi place we have been to anywhere so far. in terms of variety, portion, quality, and selection it is excellent. and quality is as good as some a la carte sushi places. on my next trip to vegas i will go back for sure. just be warned like others have said here that there can be quite a wait at night if you have a large group but it is worth the wait.
All you can eat sushi, but at a limit of one hour, it took that long to get our first order!  The sushi was fresh, very good flavors, but this place was way over booked and with limit, felt rushed to eat.  I don't know if it's worth a return trip, there are a lot of very good sushi places that don't rush you, and I think it's over hyped.
I do not have enough good thing to say about this place. From the moment we walked in we felt like we were apart of their little sushi family. We sat at the bar and were greeted by teo of the coolest sushi chefs ive come across... well ever! Hiro and Tony ( I hope i got the speeling right). I wish I could name some of the highlights of our meal but I couldnt even tell you because they just kept handing us different things to try. I do recommend the pork belly if you are not on any type of diet and could care less about your arteries, and the wonton chip dish was awesome. Wouldnt have minded it being a tad more spicy. Overall the fish tasted fresh and delicious. The highlight of my sushi meal is that you can order everything in 1/2. The smaller the dish the more I can try! Last but not least we tried the chocolate mousse for dessert which was of course amazing and I left this place fat and happy. Now if only it was closer to home I would be there all the time.
AYCE Japanese Cuisine - Best in town and the best menu served. Hubby and I thoroughly ENJOYED this place and cannot wait to go back again! Girilled White Fish Miso, Hamachi collar, all of the sushi...all super good food.
I've been here twice because I love it!!! I love all you can eat, and I love sushi so it's a real no-brainer. For $28 for the all-you-can-eat, it's not a bad value.
I checked Yelp for a good Sushi place in Vegas and ended up here after reading the reviews, Good Choice! The food was great, tasty original rolls, very fresh fish and yummy appetizers, all you want for $26.95? Sold!!!! The chefs were fun and made several special things for us to try that weren't on the menu, we had a party of 4 and were seated promptly at the bar next to a couple from So Cal who found it on Yelp as well. Thanks for the spot on recommendation Yelpers!!! We will be back.
I just had the absolute Best AYCE  experience EVER! I wasn't sure what to order, the sushi chef (and I mean chef when I say it) Tony took over and everthing he gave me was perfect. I don't often get blown away by inexpensive places, but this place is without a doubt an experience I will not soon forget. Thank you Tony, I will be back very soon; hopefully with a hot Vegas girl next time!
OMG! This place is awesome...my husband and I were visiting Vegas for work and wanted to eat some good sushi and based on the reviews here, we decided tocheck this place out...the service was amazing top notch.. Really. I never went to an all you can eat sushi and chefs and waitresses tell you to try everything and this and that... I first thought those items are extra charge since they were asking constantly. But, man this place is great... The fish, the dishes were fresh and tasty... Everyone was so friendly and fun.. Definitely coming back the next time...
Our 30 min wait turned into a 45 min wait but this was a sign that the food was so good they were staying longer than the 60 min max. the service was fast and the fish was fresh. the uni and sweet shrimp was very fresh and tasty. I enjoyed the ecstacy roll and the Jala-Jala roll. the nigiri were the right size, not too much rice, just enough to compliment the fresh slice of fish. for desert we had green tea ice cream and green tea creme brule both of which complimented each other. I think I have found my new favorite all you can eat sushi spot in Las Vegas!
When I heard that Sushi Mon had another place open in Vegas, I had to go try it! I am so thankful they were open Christmas day and that they are now open for lunch too! I've been craving AYCE sushi for months, so after getting some hot green tea, we got down to business and ordered:. . Nigiri: tuna, garlic tuna, seared tuna, super white tuna (3 orders), yellowtail, salmon albacore, cajun albacore, halibut, and unagi (2 orders). . Regular rolls: Full order of the cut fresh water eel roll and salmon skin roll . . Special rolls: Half orders of the Orion roll, another special roll whose name I forgot and O.I.D. baked roll. . Appetizers: edamame, miso soup, shrimp tempura, vegetable tempura (2 orders), steamed gyoza, and yakitori. . Dessert: green tea ice cream and lychee sorbet (always order the two together...you won't regret it!). . I was slightly disappointed that the nigiri took a while to come out as I had placed most of the order all at once. Then again, I think it's to make sure we don't order more!! The nigiri was damn good, though the rice was a little dry and the super white tuna started to taste buttery during the second and third helping. I also noticed that the nigiri, towards the end of our meal, started to get narrower and smaller. The O.I.D. baked roll was very delicious and I recommend the half order for those who want to try a variety of rolls without getting full from eating 8 pieces of it. The tempura wasn't heavily fried, which I enjoyed, especially the onion ring, since you can really taste the freshness with each bite. You can tell the gyoza was not from the freezer section, so you have to make up for the 2 pieces that come with each order by ordering more. The yakitori didn't have a lot of flavor in it and for a chicken skewer, was quite chewy.. . Service was excellent, though as it got busier after 12:30 pm, you can tell the servers were starting to get overwhelmed. We had placed our last order in of the vegetable tempura, yakitori, miso soup, and the green tea ice cream and other than the miso soup, it took over 20 minutes to get everything else. I mean, you can easily scoop out the ice cream from the container -- not sure why it would take that long. We also had to remind them of our order since we were getting scared that they forgot to put it in. . . It's been three days and I am already itching to go back for more AYCE sushi. Stamp cards for frequent diners are also available, but keep in mind that the stamps are only good for one year (from original first stamp on card).
I have been reading fab reviews of Sushi House Goyemon for a while now, but was never able to make it there for dinner. They have extended their hours and are open for lunch now, and after my first visit, I am in LOVE. . . A coworker and I popped in at noon and we were able to get two chairs at the sushi bar. Within 15 minutes the place was completely packed with a line of people waiting, which is usually a good sign. . . We started out with some edemame, a shrimp tempura appetizer and a cucumber salad to share... Then in was on the the fish! I am unsure what all we ate... We ordered some tuna nigiri, half of a Taylor roll (basically a Philly roll, deep fried) and half a Sushi-Max roll (spicy tuna with cucumber, wrapped with shrimp). Yes, SHG serves up half rolls, which I love. Let's you try a larger variety!!. . After ordering the 2 rolls we sat back and let Freds, the kickass sushi chef, just whip up whatever he liked for us. Every single thing was AMAZINGLY DELISH! Even the  Jala Jala, which comes with a slice of jalapeno which I do not eat, was not only edible but tasty... . . We realized after about 20 minutes that the waitress forgot our edemame and we didn't even care... more room for fish! We did save room for desert though, which is included with ACYE sushi. The lychee sorbet was a refreshing way to finish off our meal. . . Without a doubt, Sushi House Goyemon is my #1 spot for sushi in Vegas.
This seems like a hidden gem in Chinatown. I came here yesterday night with a party of 14. The place is small so we had to be divided into two separate tables. So the concept of this place is $26.95 a person for an all you can eat sushi buffet. You don't actually get up and walk around and pick up your food. You're seated and you order through your waiter. Whatever you order you must finish. If there is anything left on your plate they will charge you for it. Luckily, for the nigiri they don't add Alot of rice so you won't get full too fast. we quickly ordered and wrote everything down on the paper menu so we could keep track of everything we ordered. . . For the uni (sea urchin) you only get one order per person, along with the amaebi (sweet shrimp). Ask for the shrimp head as well!! It's Delish!! You won't regret it!! . The porkbelly was just okay. It was a little too sweet and fatty for my liking. But it tasted a little over cooked. . The baked mussels are super good! One order comes with two small mussels. . Super white tuna, yum yum scallop w/ a quail egg, salmon, salmon collar, hamachi w/ jalepenos, and Cajun tuna nigiri are all Yummy! The fish was so fresh and perfect portion. Each order comes with two pieces. I suggest you start with a little and order as you go. The food comes out farely quickly so no need to rush everything at once. . The sushi rolls are huge!! When I say huge, I mean humongous!! . . Desserts are so good! The strawberry mochi was good! The green tea ice cream mixed with the lychee sorbet is to die for!! You won't regret ordering that! The fried Ice cream was really good too! I wasn't a big fan of the green tea creme brulee though. . . Overall this restaurant was awesome! I would definitely come back on my next visit to Vegas! The staff was very nice and helpful. He wasn't strict about what we ordered and also called us a taxi when we were done with dinner.
One of the best AYCE Sushi restaurant in Las Vegas.  Reservations highly recommended if you have a party of 10 or more (that is the minimum for reservations). 15 to 20 for the Tatami Room. Check out their daily specials board.  Plum Wine Jelly is awesome, Lychee Sorbet makes a good palette cleanser between orders of sushi.. . One the main reason that this is a great AYCE sushi dinner spot in Las Vegas, is that everything on the menu is AYCE (except sashimi).  That includes the daily specials board, the hot apps and dessert selections on the placemats.  All they ask is you finish what you order and not waste food.  Sounds fair to me!. . I am not going to review every single item I have tried over the last dozen visits.  But as great as this place is to dine at, the experience can totally be improved if you got with a few friends.  At least this way you can try more things on the menu before you have to throw up the white flag, wiggle your tummy and find a little more room for the desserts.. . Even if you are not into raw fish as some of your buddies are, there are plenty of cooked items available for you to order. You can dine here with your foodie buddies without having to feel left out.. . The staff here is great!  Even when they are slammed (pretty much anytime after 7pm) they still managed to deliver on good or better service.  Just show up early or have some patience, as the average wait here for dinner is at least an hour.. . Food: 4.5/5 The food and the selection is very good.. . Flavor: 4.5/5 Overall very very good, although some nigiri are drenched in too much ponzu sauce.. . Service: 5/5 I have never had a bad experience here.. . Decor:  4.5 Pretty trendy and there are decorative samurai swords in the loo.. . Parking: 4.5/5 The parking lot is not super big, but you can usually find a parking spot when you drop in for dinner.. . Price:  4/5  Comparable to other local AYCE sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.. . Value:  5/5  Only sashimi is not available as part of AYCE.  Their available selection is crazily extensive.. . 4.5 stars easily!
wow, this place is amazing!!! they totally do all you can eat sushi right. everything about them is stellar: the staff, the decor, the menu, the FISH. our new fave time to go to restaurants it seems is around 4pm. we miss the lunch crowd completely and beat the dinner crowd. we walked in, were greeted and seated immediately. then, our waitress for the night promptly took our drink order and we started ordering and our epic saga of a sushi dinner did not stop until we were one hundred and one percent satisfied.  . . let me start with the restaurant itself: impeccable. beautifully decorated with dim-ish lighting. the whole restaurant itself is not very big. it is very clean and comfortable, the private bathrooms (one for men, one for women) is big and clean as well. then our waitress was excellent. she refilled our waters before we could even finish the cup. she always took down our large orders of food with a smile and gave us recommendations. and the food came out fast and fresh!!!!. . we tried the specials on the board, which were short rib nigiri (just okay), conch nigiri (excellent), amber jack nigiri (one of the night's faves), and the star of the night: THE SALMON BELLY, or basically thick slabs of fatty salmon (!!!!!!). I LOVE SALMON.  we ate tons and tons of nigiri, from scallops to crab, to salmon, of course, to ebi, to sweet shrimp, to uni. we sprinkled our nigiri craze with some great sides. the grilled calamari, shrimp tempura, seaweed salad, cajun salmon, pork belly, baked mussels, and mochi ice creams were amazing. the orgasm salad, super white tuna, lychee sorbet, green tea creme brulee were so-so. next time i come back, i want to try some of their rolls! can't wait!!!!
My cousin who lives in Las Vegas recommended this place.  I stayed at the MGM and took the taxi out.  I think we got there around 1030 at night after the Jabbawockee show. There was no wait and We sat at the bar.  I'm glad we did because the sushi chef were hilarious. I love this place because I was able to order on the Ayce menu amaebi And uni!!! And I also ordered some yuzu tobiko, Kobe beef, ramen and a couple of other things I can't remember. Everything was superb as if it wasn't all you can eat quality. The creme brulee was delicious!! I wish we have places like this in the San Francisco area, because I would be here every day because I love sushi!!!!  Definitely my number one stop every time I go to Vegas!!
Yes the 200+ yelpers positive reviews are true. Goyemon HAS the best AYCE in Vegas and Cali. . . Mon. 4:15PM - No wait. Plenty of open seats at both the bar and tables.. . 1. Shrimp tempura & Miso soup - battered lightly and crisply with the shrimp still moist inside. Miso soup didn't taste like tap water and there was miso in it.  I couldn't believe I was at an AYCE joint.. . 2. Gyoza - fried on the bottom then boiled on the top. Yum!. . 3. Uni & Sweet Shrimp - I wish I could have just one more order! 1 order is such a tease. . . 4. Snow Crab nigiri - Topped with a ton of crab meat (real).. . 5. Salmon, Albacore, Yellowtail, Halibut, Salmon roe nigiri - We enjoyed them all. I think I liked the Yellowtail the best out of this group.. . 6. Pork belly with mango salsa - Grilled with burnt tips and everything. I topped my sliver of belly with the mango salsa and took it all in on one bite. Wow, it just melted in my mouth. Warning: It's sinfully fatty.. . 7. Green tea creme brulee & Green tea and Red bean ice cream - I liked all 3 items. Don't expect anything novel from these desserts. They're only a great way to satisfy the sweet tooth at the end of the meal. (I wouldn't have minded if I finished the dinner with another order or pork belly though!). . The best part is that the waitress forced us to pace ourselves by visiting us seldomly. I ate everything I wanted (twice) and was full without hating myself after. . . An aside: WHAT THE HECK? How is it possible that Goyemon is sisters with Sushi Mon? Goyemon's quality, service, and interior is radically different and superior to SM. . . Final note: I hate collecting stamp cards but I eagerly accepted this time. 8 more visits until my free meal!
YES, it's as good as what everyone says it is!. . They don't try to rip you off with too much rice or sauce and the sushi is all quality!
I had a serious fight with my gf and after we had dinner here, she's totally happy now ;) we were told there was 45-min wait,    But we were called in less than 30 min. Super friendly staff, food was fresh and authentic. Compared to the other AYCE sushi this one is definitely the best. We tried all the dessert and all were fantastic! Not too sweet. uni was fresh.favorite restaurant in Vegas!!
PHENOMENAL service and sushi! My friend and I are seriously considering making this place a once a month tradition. Highly recommend sitting at the bar, quickest service that way. I can't wait till next time! I'm glad I live in Vegas!
After eating here the first time, I've been ranting and raving about this place to anyone that would listen to me. My girlfriend and I were greatly anticipating our triumphant return to the holy grail of AYCE sushi. (Read my previous review on this place to get my feelings on AYCE sush). I must admit, I was worried this place might not live up to the Andrew-Luck-type hype that I've been bringing upon this place; but let me tell each and every one of you reading this. It is even better than I remember!. . Orders-.  . Nigiri - No rolls for us, not for this place. We've had some of the best sushi Socal has to offer, and this place rivals a quality that would make you believe you were walking to the beach after your meal. The only thing this place lacks, is creativity, you're not going to get anything visually spectacular. Nor will it be anything you've never tried before, but you better believe it will be fresh! Order whatever you like and it probably won't disappoint. Their uni is not that great, but their sweet shrimp is amazing and full of flavor which more than makes up for that. One order allowed of each per person.. . Grilled items - Salmon and yellowtail prepared in ways that I can't recall right now. The size of a nice thick cut of sashimi, both delicious.. . Veggies - Cucumber salad was fresh and made a nice palate cleanser. Orgasm salad wasn't as good as we remembered it, but It was still good.. . Dessert - Green tea cake was delicious, but where did the tofu cheese cake go?!?!. . Final thoughts - GO HERE GO HERE GO HERE GO HERE GO HERE!. Skip the club like we did, wear something roomy, and why not drink a little before during and after. You are in Vegas right?..
This is now on my list of places to go when I visit Las Vegas.. . The all you can eat sushi dinner was totally worthwhile.. . I originally found this via yelp reviews as it was the highest rated sushi spot.. It did not disappoint!. . The only issue might be that it's tiny, so be prepared to wait up to an hour for a table.. Bonus that they'll call you and you can go down the street and have drinks at the nearest bar until your table is ready!
the service, the food, the waiters! everything was great and perfect! My bf and i come for the ces convention every year in vegas and this is our must stop from now on! We were super hungry and didnt expect much, since all of these buffets had mediocre freshness fish but when our tuna and salmon came out, simply delish! n o so fresh! we beat the busy crowd and got us at least 6 rounds of food! I love how they have a big selection of traditional japanese rolls and nigiri, i honestly cant stand big fried rolls with slaps of sauce and fish! They have natto roll and sweet gourd roll! My fav, almost 99% of the so called "sushi" restaurants done have that! I was in heaven!. . i cant wait to come back to vegas and have more!. . o and get a stamp card, so worth it because after 10 all you can eat dinners, 11th is free yay!
If 10 stars were possible... I would give them ALL to Goyemon!  I am a hardcore Sushi Mon addict, and after taking a couple years in the Vegas/Henderson area to lock on to Sushi Mon, it's tough for me to fall in love with other sushi places.  But I am  mad about Goyemon!  You've gotta try the Goyemontini...it's smooth and tasty and is my new favorite drink!  Highlights from our meal included the won ton chip/crab dip appetizer, grilled vegetable side..amazing.., steamed gyoza and shumai, sushi dinner and seaweed salad..woohoo just like sushi mon!!.. they made custom rolls for us, which a lot of places here get antsy about you requesting something not on the menu, plus a taylor roll, pink lady roll, and a frying jason roll.  We ordered 3 small desserts and shared them all; the green tea cream brulee was fabulous, green tea cake was light and delicious, and green tea ice cream is always tasty.  I loved the inside of Goyemon, it's very cozy and perfect for a date or night out with good friends. Every person working there was smiling and friendly, but laid back and very chill.  Keiko was our server and she was great!  Can't wait to come back soon!
We found this place on Yelp, and decided to give it a try! ...... . IT WAS AWESOME! This place provided us with an excellent experience that remained in our thoughts for the next few days and kept us yearning for more!   The staff was super sweet and friendly! . . We all opted for the ayce lunch.  We ordered multiple rounds of sushi and dessert, and the waitresses were very attentive and sweet.  The nigiri was fresh! Our favorites were the white tuna, scallops, quail egg, salmon, hamachi, and conch! One of us also ordered the ayce dinner, so they can get their one order of sweet shrimp and uni -- it was well worth it! The uni and ebi was sweet and yummy! The rolls were good, too! However, I love the raw stuff so much more, so my review is based on that! Everything had the right amount of rice, also!. . AYCE also includes appetizers! We enjoyed the salmon kama, chicken teriyaki skewers, octopus poke, sashimi salad, and tuna poke!. . OMG, dessert! It ended with few rounds of green tea ice cream, red bean ice cream, lychee sorbet, and strawberry mochi! The strawberry mochi was delicious!!! . . We'll be back, and we'll be sure to spread the word! Gotta love the stamp card, too! If I lived in LV, I'd be a super duper frequent diner! I thought Reno ayce was good, but this was even better!! :D
The hubby and i were in town for the new year and after spending so much money on food on the stripe, we decided to drive a little and try some local non-touristy stuff. Of course we turn to yelp to help us find a good place to eat. . . Thank God Yelp brought us to Sushi House. When we entered the restaurant there was a wait and the hubby and I were afraid it was gonna be awhile since the place was packed. It was just our luck that there was a table available for 2. (I guess everyone waiting were big parties.. Lucky us) Anyway, we were surprised that. This place offers AYCE Sushi. Which of course we had. The sushi was delish!! Very fresh and they were NICE thick pieces.. . Next time we come to Vegas, we will pay this place a visit... . . Enjoy! =)
this place is awesome. first off, try to get there between the off hours like a few hours before or after the dinner/lunch periods. this place gets packed quick. the food quality is great as well as there service. i would say there is a wider selection of sushi available here compared to others. once the sushi part is done, they have an interesting dessert selection i have never tried. amazing, the green tea creme bruelee.. why have i never tasted this before sooooo goood. writing this review is making me salivate. the fried icecream thing is surprisingly good as well. its not as heavy as it sounds. definitely not the fried ice cream from the o.c. fair, its lightly battered and the whole dessert itself is very light. definitely going back for the desserts, and the sushi. haha
Take all your vega$ winnings and splurge it here, folks! The QUALITY of the sushi was SUPERME.  For $25 a pop, you are granted unlimited amounts of sushi including their specials of the day.  in other words, AYCE!. . I won't hit every single item I consumed but some of the key ones that I enjoyed personally were:. . + Salmon Belly: If this is listed on their Special of the Day menu, do not hesitate to order this! Smooth and Yummy!. . + Tempura Shrimp: I know what you're saying, how can this be good? The tempura was light and crispy.  Shrimp tasted as if it was just taken out of the water and cooked to perfection.. . + Tempura Ice Cream: pretty good, light tempura shell and soft ice cream.. . Do not feel overwhelmed as you can spend a couple of hours digging into every single Nigiri item.  Their AYCE also included Appetizers (all), Dessert, and Special Rolls.  . . I recommend sitting at the counter so you can socialize with their Sushi Chef who will charm and enlighten you with his culinary life and knowledge of the sushi world.  Plus, you can place your order on the fly.  . . A QUICK TIP: Ramen served in the Evening.  I would most definitely make a return when I'm back in good ole' (third home) Vega$.
This was a HUGE surprise for me. I am not one for sushi or anything that doesn't include my basic food groups: pizza, hamburgers, carne asada burritos, spaghetti and dessert (any order does well, preferable in the same day, yes I have done that). . . While I didn't go out on a limb here, the food I did eat was very good. The waitress probably thought I didn't like it because she kept asking if everything was okay. I usually take the things I don't like and give to Susan (wife). I then precede to take apart the bowl (very picky).  I get to taste each part. While I don't care for the pink strands, Susan loved them. I did like the: Salad-free,soup -free, Rice & Chicken (Part of the Spicy Chicken Bowl) $6, and especially the fried ice cream (tempura) $2.50.. . Overall, great price for alot of food that taste impressively great!. . The next time I plan on getting the beef bowl, I still have to stay true to my roots!
literally nothing bad to say about goyemon. even the sometimes 45-minute-long wait is 100% worth the fantastic food and service that this place dishes out. . . it is plain to see that much thought and care goes into every dish at goyemon, from the basic $2 house salad (always a fresh garden medley with delicious home made house dressing) to the $27 all-you-can-eat menu. i have never had bad food at goyemon.. . my roommate is a strict vegetarian and very picky when it comes to sushi but he has also fallen in love with the avocado and cucumber rolls. everyone i have brought here has loved it just as much as i do. . . you know a sushi restaurant is good when it's full of japanese people... and goyemon is always packed with asians (i hope no one takes offense to that but i think it's awesome). . . i highly recommend the shooting star roll (no longer on the menu but they always make it for me) and the green tea creme brulee... both to die for!
It's yummy. One chef, who works in Michelin star restaurant, recommended it. If you are a sushi lover like me, you definitely need to try their AYCE menu.. . There're various delectable items for me to eat. I strongly recommend their nigiri of scallop and sweet shrimp flavor, of course, and my favorite sea urchin nigiri.  They were really fresh, naturally sweet and delicious. I also missed shrimp tempura a lot. The Crispy surface was a contrast mixed with the soft and sweet shrimp perfectly. Besides, the atmosphere was very inviting and the service was friendly. Our server was busy, but the service was still attentive. They made me feel warm and fuzzy.. . I thoroughly enjoyed this place and cannot wait to go back again.
Goyemon is what other sushi restaurants should strive to be. This is my absolute favorite all you can eat sushi restaurant in town. I have never had one thing I didn't enjoy here. My favorites are the pork belly, toro, grilled vegetables, red bean ice cream and black sesame creme brulee. We always order everything from the specials board. On top of the already fantastic quality nigiri and sushi, they offer all you can eat dessert. That is the icing on the cake. The wait is usually long, but definitely worthit. We try to plan our trips here when it will be least busy.
the BEST ayce sushi place in vegas. . . I love their fresh stocks of sushi, everytime i go there, FRESH!!! . . And their sushi is a small and petite size sushi, which some girls might think its cute. and i agree. Some places will give you big portion of rice and tiny pieces of fish. BUT goyemon, does it perfectly. JUST AMAZING. . . GREAT FOOD!!! i would recommend eating here if your into AYCE sushi!!!
Great all you can eat for this price in Vegas and you can chose everything of the menu to try for the same all you can eat price. I also loved the fact that it was ok to order any roll and take half of it instead of the whole 8 or 9 pieces, this way i was able to have a variety of things. Absolutely loved this place and their green tea cake is wonderful.. By the way they do have some off menu items that are are included in all you can eat price. Will come back next time in Vegas, again.
Guests were in town and I had to share this gem with them!. . New stuff I tried: . Seaweed salad - Cold but not frozen, crispy but not too crunchy, salty but still sweet. Good stuff, I could definitely eat this and rice only!. Domingo and Yebisu rolls - Unimpressive AKA stomach space waste.. Tempura fried vanilla ice cream - Yes! Yes! YESSSSS! Mind blowingly delicious. It maintained the crunchiness of tempura, softness of pound cake, and the tastiness of a funnel cake. You need to eat it fast fast fast before the ice cream dampens the tempura.. Tuna on crispy rice - Too much eel sauce and not enough tuna. . . Bad news:. Out of uni - Boy was I bummed.. No toro tonight - I was hoping to hit the toro jackpot but to no avail!. Out of plum wine jelly - Wanted to try a different dessert, maybe next time!. . Best part:. Today's albacore and yellow tail nigiri was extremely excellent and extremely buttery!
AMAZING!!!! You can tell a good sushi spot by the patrons and every one in there was of Asian decent...AWESOME.  The food was INCREDIBLE, the service was INCREDIBLE, the KOME KOME was so Delish!!!!! I cannot wait to go back here!!!!
FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!. got to try the mecca of AYCE sushi in Las Vegas!!!!!!. I was actually somewhat worried about being let down by Goyemon because of all the hype but wow, was I wrong.. . I went with my girl and we were seated at the sushi bar as soon as we walked in. I was really happy about this because all my friends told me to expect at least an half-hour wait. We ordered miso soup, shrimp tempura, and Sashimi salad as our side dishes and browsed through the menu. Miso soup is miso soup and shrimp tempura is shrimp tempura, but the Sashimi salad was delicious! We ordered following nigiri sushi: Tuna, Garlic Tuna, Albacore, Salmon, Halibut, Seared Tuna, Hamachi (Yellowtail), Ebi(Shrimp), Unagi(Eel), and Tamago(Eggs). They were hands down the best nigiri sushi I've tasted in my life! (besides the time I had sushi in Japan) All the fish were fresh and the portion of rice to fish was perfect! I was so stuffed after all the nigiri sushi that I only got to try one of their rolls, which was Hurricane roll. Hurricane roll had shrimp tempura and spicy tuna inside, topped with eel sauce and yum sauce. It was amazingly tasty to say the least! They have extraordinary desserts as well. We ordered Green Tea Creme Brulee and Lychee Sorbet. They were both excellent! I was really impressed with everything that still to this day, I can't get over it. Ever since I've had sushi at Goyemon, I've been daydreaming about going back and stuffing my face with their sushi. . . Service was great! Sitting at the sushi bar, we had so much fun! The sushi chef in front us was constantly making jokes about how intimate me and my girl were and how I wasn't speaking loud enough when placing orders! Overall, this place is a great place to go for some great sushi and a great night!
The fact that this place had a 30 minute wait at 1AM says a lot. I came here in a group of five for a late night sushi run. While 30 minutes is a pretty long wait, we were hungry and there weren't many other options that would be open so late so we stuck it out. Three people in our group got AYCE and two of us got the regular option (I like to take my leftovers home and don't mind the extra expense in doing so). Between the five of us, there were a lot of appetizers, sushi, rolls, and dessert. I myself had the crunchy spicy tuna thing (I never know what it's really called, I just know that it's delicious), the shrimp tempura roll, and a scallop yum roll. They were all great and tasted especially fresh. I really wanted to try the wonton chips but they were sold out which I take as a good sign (next time). I'm not a fan of green tea anything (I'm Chinese... I know, it's sacrilege) but the green tea creme brulee I ordered was devoured in minutes (by me). Yum. We all left, full and happy and I have permanently saved this as my go-to late night (or possibly any time of day if I'm in that area) sushi place.
My bf and I went for Valentines Day.  The parking lot wasn't very full sowefigured it wasn't busy.  However, we walked in to find a tiny packed restaurant.  We were sat immediately.  Read the reviews about the pork belly so had to try it.  We ordered a bunch of other stuff too.  Service was excellent and fast.  The pork belly was amazing, but next to me I will get a half order.  Its very heavy.  Most items on the menu can come in half orders.  Only two complaints.  The decor is beautiful but I hated the layout of the restaurant. Not romantic.  The tables were all almost next to each other almost deli style.  No booths or anything to give any sort of intimacy.  I ordered the spicy tuna on crispy rice and, to my relief, never got it because I was so full.  But it showed up on the bill.  No problem they took care of it.. . Very reasonable and a place for both the adventurous and the non-adventurous sushi eaters.  Plus open late!
The hubby and I have wanted to check out AYCE sushi since our maiden voyage to Vegas. We finally made it happen on our fourth trek there from Nebraska. My one and only gripe was the fact that we were told that there was 15 minute wait--yay. Unfortunately, it was closer to 45. I expected a wait but was disappointed that the estimate was so far off. Oh, well. We were seated at the bar which turned out to be amazing. I finally got to try uni (yum)! The sushi chefs were all extremely helpful and funny. They were super quick to make suggestions without being pushy. I think sitting at the bar helped for faster "refills". We had several half rolls which were all delicious! We tried the pork belly and LOVED it...we had at least 4 orders. The freshness of all the sushi was outstanding. I'm a little afraid that this place will ruin all our local joints for me but we will definitely be back on our next trip!. . Oh, and we were stuffed for hours afterwards so we might need to work on our timing... Either way, it was SO worth it!
This is now my favorite sushi spot in town.  It is the same company as sushimon in GV, which was my previous favorite.. . It's pretty standard for AYCE sushi, with the prices and selection.  But what makes these guys different than every other place I've tried in town is the grilled fish menu on the AYCE.  . . These little bites of grilled fishes are some of the best food I have ever had.  It is just as fresh as their nigiri, but marinated and sauced up, and a nice cooked flavor.  Definitely try the pork belly and the cajun salmon....but even the grilled tofu is good, and I don't usually like tofu.. . Service is hit or miss...sometimes they are really busy, and you will receive orders over 20min later, so make sure you remember what you ordered during each round...they don't really forget, just takes a while to the table on certain days.  Other days, the service is pretty good, so again, hit or miss.. . Also, they have an extended dessert menu on the AYCE, which includes a chocolate mousse, a definite must have if you come visit.. . Bonus, this place is much closer to the avg Las Vegas local and tourist, being around 10-15min from MGM.  Go!
Best AYCE sushi ever!  The fish is very fresh, hot items are just as good as the sushi, they have seaweed salad, and the best part is.... DESSERTS INCLUDED!!   . . I ordered 8 desserts.  But I shared. :) My personal fave was the lychee sorbet (has delicious chunks of lychee) but the tempura ice cream was also very good.. . I will be coming here and spending my money on this buffet rather than the ones on the strip every time I come to Vegas in the future.. . Stamp cards available and you get a free meal after 10 stamps!
This is the third time that I've done AYCE sushi and this was very, very good.  Tremendous selection of nigiri sushi and they had some specials on the board that were good.  . . I sat at the sushi bar and almost immediately Freda, one of the sushi chefs, started to ask me questions and to suggest things.  I ordered the first three nigiri selections and then he made some recommendations from there.  Throughout my dinner, he was very helpful and very pleasant!. . Here's a list of what I had.  All are nigiri except where noted:. . Garlic tuna. Hamachi. Octopus. Conch. Cajun tuna. Masago jalapeno (forgot the quail egg, Paolo, but I'll remember next time.. Crab (snow) meat. Sweet shrimp . Salmon belly. Spicy shrimp and Scallop yum yum hand rolls. Cold tofu with 3 condiments. Grilled salmon and grilled white tuna. Green tea creme brulee. Green tea cake. Chocolate mousse. Tempura ice cream. . Chef Freda saw how much I enjoyed the grilled white tuna so he made me the sushi version of it nigiri style.. . Service was great.  I felt very comfortable for my first time here, and I started to learn more about how to order and what to look for.  I also took his suggestions several times especially when he recommended the heads be removed from my sweet shrimp nigiri and then eaten in the soup they make.  The shrimp heads and soup were superb!
After reading all the Yelp reviews, I was dying to try this place out and see what all the hype was about.  My friend took me here for my birthday and I was not disappointed.  It was a Thursday night at 8pm and it was packed!  The hostess told us 25 minutes, and not more than 20 minutes later, we were seated and ready to order.  . . Unlike many other AYCE, you are not constantly hounded by the waitress to place an order.  In fact, they are very courteous and check on you just enough so that you are always able to order but not rushed in any way.  . . I can't remember specifically what we ordered, but it was a lot of nigiri and rolls and everything was simply amazing.  The pork belly appetizer was also very very good.  My only complaint is that it was a tiny serving so we had to keep ordering more.  You can order the rolls in half orders so that you can try more stuff off the menu.  The ONLY thing I did not particularly like was the calamari tempura.  It was like rubbery fish sticks in tempura batter. YUCK.. . Everyone is right that the nigiri rice portions are very reasonably small, unlike a lot of other AYCE places.  This has become one of my favorite sushi places and I can't wait to go back!!
PORK BELLY!!. . I can't  believe I haven't been here sooner especially because I live relatively close by. I went on a Tuesday evening around 5p and I did not have to wait. Friends have told me that they've had to wait 45 min to an hour for a table. It makes sense because there is very minimal seating. . . On to the food.....this is one of the best AYCE places in Vegas in my opinion. Between the appetizers, unique rolls and numerous desserts, there is something for everyone. The quality is great and you can even order sashimi which is not always the case for AYCE. I highly recommend the grilled pork belly. It just melts in your mouth. Yum yum yum! Every roll I had was delicious and fresh. Also they let you order more than one dessert which not all AYCE places do. . . The service is great! I have been ignored at plenty of AYCE places and have had rolls forgotten. Maybe it is because of the minimal seating the servers and sushi chefs don't seem like they are running around like crazy people like at other AYCE places.
I love sushi, more specifically dragon and chubby rolls. They're great. Sushi Mon used to be my favorite AYCE; Goyemon has superseded it for one reason and one reason only. Pork belly. I have no idea what sauce they put on that pork but it's perfect. The same great sushi, with a side of tempura ice cream, and now with pork belly. Sweet.
My new favorite restaurant when I'm in Vegas. I have been here probably 10 times and the quality of the food is really consistent and fresh (pretty damn impressive considering it's a buffet). I wish there was one like this back home.
I want to shove your fishliciousness in my face.  You are delectable.. . Some friends brought me here for the first time and I thought I'd never meet the AYCE $29.95 volume for the price, but I was totally wrong.  It's worth it, too. Everything on the menu is included, so you linger with friends, order as your'e ready for it and stuff yourself until you grow gills.. . I've been 3 times now, twice with the original friends who brought me and then I brought my BFF from out of town, who also loved it.  . . My faves: Lemon Roll (FOREVER!), Jala Jala roll and Yebinsu. I also love the Super White Tuna. And the salmon belly, when they have it.. . Basically, everything is awesome. Beware the 9-1-1 roll unless you have an iron-clad palette. Your taste buds will both love and hate you. . . The service is great, the patrons friendly (and mostly japanese, which told me right away that this place was going to be good) and their matcha iced green tea will keep you up for 4 days. Drink lots, kids.. . I already want to go again. Can we go again?
In short, this is the best all-you-can-eat (AYCE) sushi I have ever had. I'm a sushi snob and a glutton, so I have high standards for AYCE sushi. This place blasted those expectations out of my ass.. . The fish is incredibly fresh and well cut. The fatty pieces are handled expertly and melt in your mouth. Pieces like fresh scallop (hotate) which are mishandled most places are fantastic here.. . There are a couple of pieces limited to one order per person which are really quite nice. The uni is great which is a rare find for an AYCE place.. . It's pretty awesome that desserts and hot food are included as well.We got one of each dessert and split them all. The green tea ice cream was particularly tasty.. . If you love great sushi, if you're a person who goes omakase at the sushi bar, then this might be the first AYCE place that impresses you.
I have to say that I've tried just about every sushi spot in all of Vegas, and Goyemon is by far the best. They offer an ala-carte menu, or the famous AYCE(all you can eat). The food is absolutely awesome, and fresh. The fish to rice ratio is on point;) The service is just as good. Nice friendly, and helpful staff. This is a must go.
One of the best places in Vegas off the strip for all you can eat. The other place is called Sushi-mon and they share the same owner lol. The all you can eat menu is extensive. The service is pretty good as well. They are very cautious with customers over ordering because they don't like to waste food. I believe you have to pay for anything you do not finish.
Seriously yelpers.. How many times do I really have to tell you.. GO TO GOYEMON! BOOK A TICKET! RENT A CAR! STEAL A TRAIN! RIDE YOUR BIKE! Work up an appetite before you come immerse yourself in sushi greatness! Remember not to ignore the specials!
This place is Fantabulous!!. . The best value of AYCE sushi. This is as good as it gets, which is much better than LA's. The AYCE lunch is $21.95 and dinner is $26.95.It's opened 7 days from 11.45 am to 3 am. The wait can be long but it's totally worth it!! We came to this place twice during our 4-day stays in Vegas.. . Don't forget to check on their daily specials! Love their sushi, which are quite fresh & plenty of options. I fancy their pork belly appetizer and found their dessert of green tea creme brulee and lychee sorbet to be amazing (which are served in a perfect tiny size).  Like their sashimi salad, spicy tuna rice cracker, white tuna, conch, hokki. Their tempura are crunchy. There is a limitation for  uni (can request  w quail's egg) & amaebi to one per person, which is totally understandable. You can request your amaebi's head to be deep fried or as a soup. They have plenty of delicious rolls and you can order it as a half or full roll. They also offer many kinds of noodle, side dishes, curry, salad, bento box, yakitori,  appetizer, desserts, side dishes. . Besides their amazing arrays of items on their menu, this place has a lovely modern japanese decor and friendly staff with attentive service.
Amazing sushi!!! Fast and attentive service!!!! The fish is fresh and the flavor combinations are perfect. Definitely one of my favorite sushi joints in Vegas.
Was super hungry and was feeling sushi was going to go to try Sushi Mon, but after taking a look at each of their websites it was pretty much the same menu and layout. So since  Goyemon was closer and I was getting more hungry me and my g/f came here and good thing too. I pretty much ate myself into oblivion. I recommend getting the spicy eel sauce on the side cause its freaking like an orgasm of flavor in your mouth =D. Also I should state their desert is also AYCE cause my g/f indulged herself on multiple mochi.
Most sushi bars have some barely passable fish, but Goyemon across the board is at least great, and some are fabulous.  Salmon belly, for example, is a treat.  All U Can Eat is a bargain considering the quality of the fish.  They also do some interesting roles, but order 1/2 roles so you can keep enjoying the variety.. Goyemon gets crowded at times, but it's worth it; sitting at the bar is fine.  This is the best A-U-C-E that we've had...anywhere.
Arrived at midnight with immediate seating. Pretty good for ayce and hours are convenient for casino workers and anyone working the late swing shift. Orgasm salad is a must along with pork belly. Nigiri was perfect and not too much rice compared to other sushi spots.
I hope nobody reads this cuz I don't want to wait 3 hours instead of 2. This is my favorite restaurant. I can eat here every other day.  Please open one in Dallas!. . Btw I don't think this restaurant is owned by Asians cuz the service is pretty friendly good ... I kid.
Oh man, that was awesome. First time back in seven months and I loved it!. . I was struggling to hammer down a time and date for dinner here after missing out last week (due to a 2 hour wait in the late evening). Thankfully, one of our friends invited us here out of the blue. Of course, I could not refuse. We picked up enough people for a party of 10 (ended up being just 9) and got seated much more quickly than expected.. . After sitting down in the side room, I immediately took to sampling the specials menu, and oh man I loved the grilled super white and the grilled cajun salmon. The cajun salmon might not be to everyone's taste, but I really liked how the light sweet sauce (same one as on the pork belly?) balanced out the cajun flavor and how the salmon was cooked just right. But the super white was out of this world tender and flavorful. You simply must try that.. . I must pause to mention that the food came out pretty fast, and we generally found ordering not to be a hassle, except for the hiccup of having waiters switched on us. The special nigiri were pretty good, but they weren't that distinctive except maybe the conch.  The standard nigiri were all great, as expected, as were the appetizers and desserts. I also really liked the sashimi salad even though the sashimi pieces were small and the helping of crab modest, but it's still nice. With all the special items, I barely had time for rolls, but I did try one piece of someone's magma roll. it was pretty good but not my favorite due to spiciness.. . The best part of the night was easily enjoying five orders of pork belly (2 pieces each), and the next best part was having about six orders (six pieces) of cajun salmon (because people were full or just didn't feel like it). In my book, Goyemon has the edge over Sushi Mon mainly because of that pork belly. I could have easily eaten that fat-filled, sweet sauce-covered goodness all night. Thus, this is still the Vegas-area sushi place that I'd recommend for dinner over all others.
When you see AYCE and sushi in the same sentence, it conjures up images of sushi rolls that are 90% rice, 5% fish, and 5% seaweed.  Not so with Sushi Goyemon!  Man oh man did they quash that preconception.  Luckily, my wife and I came during the off season and didn't have to wait as long as other Yelpers have stated in their review but it was hard to find a table so we sat at the bar by the Sushi Chef.  This was a blessing in disguise!. . We had Fredo as our personal sushi chef and he explained everything and how the AYCE sushi works there.  One of the best things that we did was to let him decide what to bring us. Humans by nature like to stick to things that they know and its nice to get a different variety.  He was even making creations on the fly!  . . The service was great and the sushi was top-notch!  Definitely more fish than rice.  Living in Chicago there is quite an abundance of sushi houses but this place blows them all out of the water.  Can't wait for the next time im in LV to pay Sushi House Goyemon another visit!
All you can eat sushi that's fresh, fast and reasonably priced.
Yelp was right! Saw the good reviews for this place back in February, came to Vegas in may, and the reviews did not disappoint.
Having eaten here several times, I must say I am impressed. For an out-of-town visitor, this place is off the beaten path for most vacationers so I am happy to have found it via Yelp!. . Every time I have been here, it has been for lunch, so I can't promise the same experience for dinner (although it sounds like everyone enjoys the evenings as well). I have also only gotten the AYCE (all-you-can-eat) experience so if you are ordering a la carte.... what's wrong with you?!?!?. . :o). . But seriously, there are so many options and for an AYCE place, this is probably the best one I have been to in America (and that's saying a lot!). You can order half and full rolls, I recommend starting with a number of half-rolls so you can experience more of the options.. . The flavors themselves are balanced and each roll is it's own unique experience.. . In addition to the rolls, you can also enjoy a selection of grilled items. I loved the tofu!. . I probably won't make it out here if I am not renting a car, but you better believe I will be back to Goyemon soon!
unbelievable.. this was such a great experience for me. i have no idea why the other people complained about service.. it was top notch all the way when we were there from 4-5:30 on a friday.. the all you can eat is a bargain. all the sushi/rolls etc you want to try but were "too cheap" to order can be had here. out of everything that i tried i was only disappointed with one menu option.. . when people say "all you can eat japanese food" i think of todai. Todai sucks so this place is quite a delight. although, some reviews complained about it not being 100% authentic ignore them. doesn't matter "authentic sushi" or somewhat authentic it tastes great
What better place to enjoy AYCE sushi than at Goyemon! Expect the sushi selections to be of premium quality and the fish to be fresh all the time. The definite pluses of their menu is that they offer octopus and tuna poki! Toro, uni, as usual, but they also offer AYCE lychee sorbet, mochi ice cream, and green tea ice cream. They also have a serving of their black sesame creme brulee and their panna cotta dessert which I hope to try soon.. . If you're looking to entertain a big party in a private section, well fear not as they offer a special room for 15. Unfortunately, you can't reserve the room, but if you have your group all together they'll be sure to offer and accommodate your needs. . . The service is every so wonderful, and I sincerely thank the servers for always being on top of things especially with the busy pace of the restaurant. It was also extra nice of them to offer roses to all the special mother's out there for Mother's Day. My mother was lucky enough to have one. Thanks for that save Goyemon as I didn't have flowers to offer my mother that day!
Goyemon is still my favorite AYCE sushi restaurant in town. Their specials have been better and better each time we come and AYCE dessert is icing on the cake. The wait is really long most nights, so we have made it a point to go at the beginning of the dinner shift to decrease our chance of a long wait.
OMG!!! The best sushi by far.  I am not a local, but when in Vegas it is a must to eat here.  The sushi is so fresh and everything I have tried has been amazing.  . . Just a tip the Giant Sushi roll is no joke...it is HUGE.   If you are doing the All you can eat be careful to pace yourself.  If you order more than you can eat you will have to pay extra for any uneaten food.  . . The service at the bar is excellent much recommended.
I have visited Goyemon three times and have never been disappointed. It has always been fresh, fast and well worth the AYCE price. Each time, I try one of the daily specials and those too have been pretty much amazing. The staff is friendly and efficient, they take and deliver orders quickly without appearing rude. I did not think much of the half rolls at first, but after a few trips, being able to sample more kinds of delicious sushi without getting full on just a couple rolls is fantastic. This is my favorite place for sushi in the valley.
I can't believe I have yet to review Goyemon. Since moving to Vegas 7 months ago, my husband and I have filled up not one, not two but THREE punch cards here. We brought my parents and one of our friends here when they visited from IL, on two separate occasions, and were met with rave reviews each time. Goyemon really has the BEST AYCE sushi anywhere, ever!. . Sure, we have experienced one or two service hiccups in the past. Yes, they refuse to put wasabi on the nigiri. Yeah, if you come at the wrong time, you will have to wait, FOREVER. But though I tend to be a harsh critic, I can't give them anything less than 5 stars because the food is always SO delicious and I promise you it is worth the wait. Their selection is also huuuge and they always have a variety of specials (we always get really excited when we see salmon belly on the menu), and I have never had fish here that was anything less than fresh and delicious!. . If your sushi tooth can only be satisfied by mound after mound of tasty, tasty fish, Goyemon is the place to be. This is one instance where the quality of the fish does not suffer in an AYCE setting. And if you're not a fish fan, you won't go hungry, either! There are tons of side/appetizer items to choose from, including some unbelievably tasty pork belly, and if you come after 11pm, you can have a bowl of hot, delicious ramen. YAY Goyemon. I look forward to filling up my fourth punch card... maybe this weekend...
AYCE sushi awesomeness!!!! We came for lunch and yes there was a wait so be prepared. . . The fish quality is not top notch but it is it fresh and good enough. There is a sufficient amount of rice. I like that they would add quail eggs as you request!!!! . . The rolls are good too but it is filling. You can request for 1/2 roll so you can try more stuffs. . . They gave me a rose at the end of the meal because it was mother's day weekend. how sweet!!!
Wow. Wow. Wow. This is AYCE with Ala-Carte quality. Wow. Wow. Wow.... . Save room for dessert. The green tea creme brule is devine.
Geo is the best server! He always remembers our order and brings it out to us before we even take our seats. I love the variety of rolls that the chefs create, regular and specialty ones. Fish is effen fresh and the desserts are the perfect size and taste amazing. Shout out to Fredo and Hiro-our favorite sushi chefs!
This is one of my most favorite sushi all you can eat places! you must try the pork belly and the cajun tuna along with their shrimp tempura and their shumai.. Love it all! I would recommend making reservations because this place get super busy and you wouldnt wanna be hungry and waiting you will get grouchy watching people eat! haha
Yummy, fresh and cheap sushi and other Japanese food. Could I ask for more? Could come back to Las Vegas just for that...
Okay seriously get out of here with your bad reviews. This place is amazing. I cant wait to go back to vegas so i can eat here again. I was visiting friends in vegas and this is one of their favorite places and im so happy they took me to goyemon. The all you can eat is awesome. Though you must finish all the food you order but its soo good i dont know how anyone could leave food behind. THE PORK BELLY OH MY GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD drool!! It was the best thing ever, we must have gotten like 4 orders of it. The mingus roll is probably my favorite roll, deep fried spicy tuna, cream cheese and avacado. The seaweed salad was awesome, desserts were awesome. Im actually not a huge fish fan aside from tuna so i cant tell you much about other things. But everyone i was with loved their food. Ive been obsessing ever since i was taken here. The only bad thing is it gets really busy so you might have to wait a while, i do wish the building held more people. But that goes to show how great the food is.
Great quality.... the best all you can eat sushi place I've ever been to:)
Umm AYCE tempura fried ice cream (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=Al3JURO9124WFj7zAI3IWw#Al3JURO9124WFj7zAI3IWw)? Screw the sushi! Give me some more, give me some more! And the mochi ice cream too!. . But still, the sushi was pretty damn good as well. Really liked the ono (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=Al3JURO9124WFj7zAI3IWw#Al3JURO9124WFj7zAI3IWw) and the almon (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=QQWR5aJ8xO4korDa3bG1tw#QQWR5aJ8xO4korDa3bG1tw) they both had the taste of butter, delicious sweet butter of the ocean. . . Also found the hamachi and the cajun albacore (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=hhmo9Y-ZKcA8Bd-UvtDJTA#hhmo9Y-ZKcA8Bd-UvtDJTA) to be just as delicious. The cajun albacore was an interesting dish considering you won't find it at most sushi places, but definitely had a smoky, spiced up flavor that matched well with the fish. . . Can't really go wrong with what you order, just don't order a lot of rolls with a lot of rice or fillers, cause it does fill you up quickly. Then comes the dessert, mochi, lychee and other fruit sorbets, ice cream, and tempura fried ice cream. If you're an ice cream person, this might be worth the whole price tag of the lunch or dinner itself. Enjoy!
Open til 3am?  Was this place MADE for me?!. . My hubby and I stopped in here last night after the movies.  We made the choice to come based on the fact we'd heard they stay open so late and seeing as it was already close to midnight, it sounded perfect.. . When we arrived, we were greeted so pleasantly by the host.  There wasn't an empty table in sight as I've experienced with most AYCE sushi places, but geeez, even at midnight?!  I shouldn't have been surprised :)  We were promptly seated at the bar where I had a great view of the chefs preparing yummy sushimasterpieces.  Unfortunately (for me), I'd already eaten before the movie (and boy did I EAT!), so I didn't feel prepared for AYCE.  Their menu has a lot of variety, however, so I didn't feel left out and deprived for long.  I decided on the ahi poke salad, which was great!  My husband, of course, went with the AYCE and he was pretty impressed.  His favorite was the rainbow roll.. . I've never sat at the bar of a sushi place...crazy, considering how many times I've eaten sushi.  There is something VERY pleasant about watching the rolls being prepared and interacting with the chefs (who, by the way, are so ridiculously friendly and attentive at Goyemon).. . By the time we were getting ready to leave, it almost felt like home here.  Everyone was so pleasant and the food was incredible.  What more could we ask for?
best AYCE in las vegas. seriously. the fish is fresh. the dessert is delicious. the way they prepare the sushi is awesome.. every time i come to vegas, goyemon is on the list of places we HAVE to go. i live for their pork belly and super white tuna. and crispy rice. and their lychee sorbet... okay, i just live for goyemon. . on the weekends the dinner wait could reach an hour. go ahead, bring a book and wait....it. is. worth. it.
A fistful of fish....One more drop in a sea of reviews about this place will not make a difference, noting new to say nothing old, only fresh sushi and great service. I usually don't like to do the all you can eat option, I tend to eat a little bit more than I normally would and with the shortage of fish we're facing it feels almost immoral to over eat something that is close to extinction, I rather be part of the solution and not the problem but I'll worry about sustainability some other time, my ancestors never did, I would've loved to try grilled mammoth, ride a unicorn or date a mermaid but they finished them all and now I'll have to settle with what we have left. Having said that, ayce gives you the opportunity to try new things that you wouldn't try if ordering from the menu a la carte, so get the all you can eat once, try it all, the good, the bad, the ugly, pick the winners and next time you go back you'll impress your girlfriend by ordering only the best, and if she's not impressed by your sushi expertise, don't worry you can always get you a new girlfriend......there's plenty of fish in the sea..                                 Doctors recommended
Lot better than I expected. Love sushi and these guys get a 5, half a star more for exceeding expectations. Fish was fresh, rolls were perfect without 100 pounds of rice. Even though we didn't AYCE it for those that are hungry it's a bargain, do it. Salmon, yellowtail and white tuna sashimi, bomb. I love hand rolls with no rice, chef refused to make my hand rolls with no rice but made them a cut roll instead and he hit it outta da park all, great rich fat rolls with no rice, great job. Those of u that love Philly rolls, try this it's hella worth it, order their Supreme Salmon roll and ask them to add the cream cheese, it's a buck more, but worth it. Next time in LV, would def go back.
I tried this place about a month after the grand opening. Its a sister company that Sushi mon owns, I think, anyhow the place is beautiful and servers were ready to serve. All you can eat style, sushi was fresh & hella tasty, sushi chefs were speedy but precise , servers were good in keeping up with orders and maintaing a clean table. Another real good sushi joint to try.
Okay, in for a convention with the kids.  Waited for a table, but while waiting was treated to the most beautiful eye sushi.  We don't eat seafood-learning, but we almost did because everything we saw looked so good!!  We had the pork belly for an appetizer, lucious yum.  The California rolls that came with our teriyaki combos were so incredibly fresh!!!   The teriyaki chicken and  beef were delicious.  My youngest, 6 really enjoyed the orange chicken.  And we all enjoyed the gyoza.  Will pass on green tea creme brulee next time.
Totally agree with Anthony M and i can see why Nelson Q is the duke of the place.. . Most AYCE places have restrictions on a few items and i get it you cant have a giant stock of sea urchin in the back and no way in hell is one guy going to eat 40 of them expensive prickly buggers. I get it. But restrictions on ice cream mochi?? You telling me i can eat as many rolls that contain soft shelled crab or all the yellow tail and fatty tuna nigiri i want but i'm limited to ONE sphere of ice cream covered in sweet rice paste??. . NOT Goyemon...Here you can pig out as much as you want. Had the spicy ass 911 roll and want to order an ice cream because 2 glasses of water, 3 packets of sugar, 3 bits of a spider roll, almost licking the plate the pork belly came from didnt work?? (true story) Well order some ice cream! It's dessert time and you've already ordered an ice cream? Well order some more ice cream! Damn that lychee sorbet hit the spot but you want another? Yeah you guessed it...order MOAR ice cream!!!. . And the big ass list to get me some of those 'useful' clicks from you guys. . Crispy Rice Cracker Spicy Tuna thingie.  - Oh man this was awesome, Crispy rice with spicy tuna on top with some sauce i think it was yum yum sauce drizzled on top oh lord this was good. . Pork Belly.  - Being Vietnamese i've been eating pork belly most of my natural life...These grilled pork bellies are something else...Too much sauce on the pork belly? Still delicious. Not enough sauce on the pork belly? Still smokey grilled taste delicious. . Deep Fried Prawn Heads. - If you like prawn heads then order a batch of deep fried prawn heads they are AMAZING. If you dont likek deep fried prawn heads order a batch for someone who does like prawn heads.. . Yeah i'm gonna stop reviewing now...making me hungry.
I think it's about time for me to write a review for this place... I enjoy coming here with great friends and family and taking advantage of their all you can eat sushi special, it's always my preferred choice if your a sushi lover. The one thing that stands out to me and a must try! Is the pork belly. This dish is addicting melt in your mouth teriyaki glazed goodness. I could never get enough of that dish. Also if your a spicy kind of person you must try the 911 roll, tried it last night with some friends as a dog dare and maybe next time we'll do the extra spicy for shites and giggles..... . The friendly staff and ambiance is welcoming from beginning to end. Your greeted when you walk into the doors with "irrasshaimase" by the sushi chefs. However the wait at times maybe long but that's because this place is the BOMB! I don't mind waiting 20-40mins. for a table, maybe not at other sushi places. But at this place waiting for table is worth it once you get seated..
My son and i went here for lunch and we both loved it.  The fish was fresh and the selection they had was awesome.  If you go the yellow tail and the white tuna are the best.
When I make it out to Vegas again this is definitely one of the locations that I am hitting up. They offer AYCE (All You Can Eat) Lunch for $21.95 and Dinner for $26.95 MADE TO ORDER. So you are not looking at a buffet with food sitting out, for who knows how long.. . They offer quality nigiri sushi and the good stuff too: Uni, Ikura, Amaebi to name a few.. . For all those who love the rolls they have an extensive list to choose from and cooked item too.. . GREAT:. * quality of sushi. * selection of food to choose from. . GOOD:. * service - they get so slammed, you need a little patience for good food. * price and quality - for Vegas and AYCE this is a deal. . OKAY:. * place is a bit small, so seating is limited. * make a reservation, what does that hurt, you know you are going
Goyemon is my top AYCE sushi place to go to in town. Their sushi is pretty fresh for being in Las Vegas with no ocean and their service is always up to par whenever I go. The only down part about this place is your full party has to be there before they will seat you.
Wow. This is the best all you can eat sushi I have ever had by a long shot. Back home in Nashville, all you can eat never includes the entire menu. This place includes appetizers, basic and specialty rolls, nigiri,  and desserts! And you can order 1/2 rolls on most so that you can try as many things as possible. And the food is as good as it would be if you were just ordering al la cart. Not lesser quality because it's AYCE.. . The restaurant is clean and classy. It was busy but we went earlyand avoided a long wait. We were the only non-Asians eating there, so we knew that was a good sign! The selection of rolls is amazing. And even though there is an hour time limit, the service is fast and you can order as much as you'd like at any time. They charge you for what you can't finish, but since all 4 of us had the AYCE, you can share amongst the table which is cool and nothing was left behind. Oh, and the tempura ice cream was great!. . With the AYCE being only $24.95 a person, it was a great deal for the amount of food we ate and tried. I think we ate over $85 worth per couple.. . Would try to come back when in Vegas again. My friends and husband were raving fans and praised me for finding this gem by searching on yelp!
Visited wonderful Goyemon again last night with some girlfriends.  Highlights were the pork belly with mango salsa and the crispy rice roll!
I came here with two friends for dinner. Being an all-you-can-eat sushi place, it was very busy at 8 pm on a Tuesday night. I ordered the shiumai-steamed but I didn't like it.  Other than that, I highly recommend coming here for the white tuna nigiri and green tea creme brulee.
Loved it!  For an AYCE sushi place, the menu is extensive.  We especially enjoyed the Grilled Pork Belly, Scallop sushi and Sweet Shrimp sushi.  They added the shrimp head to our miso shiru so it had a wonderful flavor.
This is the best AYCE sushi.  It is such a popular place that you should expect to wait, especially if you have a big party.  . . I've tried many other Sushi spots throughout Las Vegas and I'm a critic at all the others because no other can compare.  You would be silly not to get the AYCE, its soooo worth it.  I prefer to sit at the Sushi Bar because we come here so often that I don't really ever have to put in an order, they just keep serving us.  . . Monta Ramen after 11pm, Pork Belly melts in your mouth, if you like Hamachi Kama, it is sooo tasty (if they don't over cook it).  Don't forget to trytheir Green Tea Creme Brulee and if they have it, their Green Tea Cake too!
First off, TY Yelpers for the awesome recommendation here.. . I've never been to a AYCE where it's timed and good sushi, versus a.... buffet style.  So I was very surprised when we got to order whatever we wanted off the menu, and the specials board and paid a single price for it!. . You got one order of uni for the AYCE, but it was made fabulously.. . You basically make back your money if you eat three rolls or so.   Easy.  On top of that, it was so good, that I went back with a colleague a couple nights after the first time I tried it.. . With 2 people, seating is pretty quick usually except when it's hitting on the weekends.  This place is actually pretty packed.. . Harry is awesome (one of the sushi chefs) and made us everything we wanted although I got schooled a little for trying to order uni again - oops. haha.. . I would really recommend the nigri sushi, even though the rolls are great because it's super fresh.. . If you're pounding sushi, I recommend staying away from fried stuff as much as you can.   This has nothing to do with Goyemon's work (spider roll is YUM) as much as it fills you up, so you can't try as many crazy things.
I wish we had a place like this in Portland. I Really LOVE this place. The AYCE variety is SO awesome. Hot food or cold food. Sushi or Red Meat. For what you get, it's a Bargain!. For me and everyone I know, this is a Must Stop while in Vegas.
The best all you can eat I'v been to,the place is busy expect to wait for a table but worth the wait
Best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas we've been too so far.
I been to many many ACYE sushi places in vegas, however, THIS IS MY GOTO SUSHI place in town! The only down side is the wait of this place! There are no reservation, I always want to bring my friends there, which end up to be a big party then it is always a 20-40 minutes wait.. . BUT the wait is worth it. They have a large selection of nigiri and they are ALL good and up to my very picky sushi standard!. . AND another awesome thing is, unlike other sushi AYCE places, there are limited dessert you could get. At Goyemon, it is All you can eat dessert as well!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! It's THE best all-you-can-eat. EVER. Lots of choices and it's always fresh!!! There was a looong wait even though we went on a weeknight. But everyone's already mentioned what to get... and the wait's worth it... and there's yummy dessert.. I'm sure you already got the idea before reading this review. JUST come here once and decide foryourself!!!! Definitely try to make it out here even if you're staying on the strip!
This place is amazing from the Garlic Edamame to the 27$ for Dinner all you can Eat Menu and 21$ for lunch. The entire Menu is part of the all-you-can-eat.   Make your own rolls too by requesting what you want.  The sushi is cold, Fresh, and comes with very little rice.  You have a 1 Hour time limit but it doesn't ever affect your mean.   Favorite Sushi place so far in Vegas.  . . **Make sure to ask for a PUNCH CARD. after 10 you get a free All-You-Can-Eat
I LOVE LOVE that they opened up a all you can eat sushi near my house. And a very very good quality one too! This is hands down my favorite AYCE sushi. They have a crispy rice roll which is to dieeeee for! Its a royal california topped with spicy tuna drizzled with eel sauce, spicy yum yum sauce. Thaaat is an orgasm in my mouth!
Best ayce sushi I have had. One reason is the amazingly fresh fish... Two.. The variety and daily specials.... 3.... Small quantities of rice, baby! No one wants softball size balls of rice with paper thin sushi... We are smart enough to see past that and goyemon respects the customers in this way... The uni and sweet shrimp one order per person rule is crummy but most ayce don't even let you get one order, it's usually extra so I'll let them have that!  Fried shrimp head isn't on the menu but it is all u can eat,too! Yesssss.... . The daily specials are great and make it so every experience is different. They have a lot of great homemade desserts too like tofu cheesecake, green tea crime brulee..so good!  Also the pork belly appetizer is yummy!   . . We come here every trip to Vegas because you can't beat the quality, portions, variety, and freshness.  Also love sitting at the bar so the chefs can make their own fun creations for us!! Can't wait to go back. They will call your phone too if there is a long wait so we can drive away and do other things instead of sitting and drooling over everyone's sushi...
I've got to admit that I didn't like this place after my initial eating here. ONLY for the stupid reason that I got alot of shrimp tempura rolls (w/o reading the menu), only to find that the rolls included items (like avocado, soy paper, and such) that I don't like. My boyfriend had to finish so much rolls I ordered during our all you can eat venture - he kinda hated me after that.. . My 2nd coming to Goyemon was a SECOND COMING aka HEAVEN. Came again a few weeks ago for dinner and with a group of 7 friends. In all you can eat, a BIG group is your best friend so you can sample (SAMPS) many rolls without having to finish them all between 2 ppl (look at my previous paragraph). . . I let my friends order this time and they ordered correct. My favorite rolls were the Sexy Girl and ALLLLLLLLLLLLL the specials. . Tuna on crispy rice was amazing. I love the texture change with the soft sweet tuna and crispy rice. . But, my favorite had to be the PORK BELLY. That was fall off your chopstick tender and the sauce/marinate was so goooooooooooooooooood =) I'd take my regular rolls and dip it on the pork belly plate to mop up the leftover sauce. . We had to have ordered 20+ orders of the pork belly --- I LOVE that their AYCE also includes these/all their specials. . Ever since then, I've been having dreams about their pork belly. . If I could come here everytime for dinner and eat just THAT and rice; I'd be one happy (and maybe, fat) lady!
The best AYCE sushi you can get in Vegas. Japanese owned and operated, Sushi House Goyemon is a sushi restaurant that does not disappoint. . . The interior design mixes the Japanese izakaya style with the contemporary. It is a nice place to look around, and of course eat.. . The service is always good. The staff is quick and friendly, although they always make sure I know 1 order means two pieces. This is because I order a ridiculous amount of nigiri, but it's understandable.. . The fish almost always looks and tastes fresh (for an AYCE sushi joint), and the rolls I try dance in my mouth with joy. I like how we have an option of ordering half a roll, so that we can try more.. . Last time I came here was a Monday or Tuesday night and it was packed. Know that you'll have to wait about 15 minutes to get a table, because this place is pretty popular.. . Be sure to get a stamp card, too. Your 11th visit is free AYCE!
This is the ONLY ayce sushi place my super picky boyfriend ever wants to go to, so it's a good thing I like it. Huge menu; everything is included as far as I can tell. It's always busy here, so be prepared to wait. It's always worth it though.. The sushi's always fresh and fast, with friendly service. What more could I want?
***300th review***. . AYCE sushi dinner for $27 is a steal especially when you're in vegas!  The sushi chefs are friendly, quick with your order, and use quality fish.  The only thing that I don't like about this place is that seating is very limited and expect to wait before you get a chance to sit down.  We came in on a Monday night and still had to wait about 10 minutes. . . I definitely recommend getting 1/2 orders of all the rolls so you can try more without getting too full too quickly.  Since it is AYCE, it's your chance to try some of the more expensive items on the menu.  Just see what sounds good to you and order!  Some of my favorites were the pork belly, seared tuna, sexy girl roll and the rainbow roll.  I also tried the uni (sea urchin) since it's also apart of the AYCE menu and too expensive to order for me normally.  It's very interesting.... creamy and reminds you of the ocean. . . Lastly, be careful of what and how much you order... if there are leftovers you will be charged the retail price of each item.
Best all-you-can-eat sushi ever! It's ridiculously amazing sushi for very reasonable pricing. I personally loved all of their special rolls like their Red Dragon, Sexy Girl, Crispy Rice, Hurricane, Volcano, Pixie, Spider, and a bunch of other ones! I go to Goyemon each time I'm in Las Vegas.
Best AYCE sushi joint! Gets pretty packed at dinner time though, even on cold, rainy, week nights like yesterday... They have great selections, and you can do half rolls from the start. Try the garlic edamame to start off. Crispy rice is bomb if your ok with a little spice in your life. This is also the only place I like the 'dynamite'. I could go on and on. BUT JUST DO IT. I always have a good time here :D
Ok, if you decide to eat here...be very hungry and expect a long wait. BUT it's so worth it! . . As for rolls...I don't know what to recommend to order. Everything is so good. Nigiris are fresh! You may be better off eating/ordering fresh fish rather than those fatty baked/deep friend rolls. . . Pros: You can do half orders and unlimited desserts.. Cons: Long wait, not good for groups (it'll be a longer wait). . Must go to for AYCE Sushi in Industrial Area.
I love this place, except now the wait times are so long that now we usually go somewhere else when we don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table.  I especially love their appetizers like the pork belly and the spicy tuna rice crackers.  The fish here is phenomenal.  There are daily specials on their chalkboard so be sure to look at those too.  One time they have chutoro nigiri which was so amazing!!  Their desserts are also the best out of all the AYCE sushi places I've been too..I'm so addicted to their green tea creme brulee!
So despite my previous review for this place, where I didn't think I'd come again unless I'm in the neighborhood, I retract my statements!! This place is decent and I didn't even do AYCE in the midst of all the surrounding tables where they were just stuffing themselves with rolls!!!. . Came here with a party of 4 on a Thurs night and it was PACKED. We waited nearly 1hr+ but the waitress management was very cordial and accommodating. It's too bad the place is so small... but I've heard this place is the 4th restaurant within a larger sushi establishment in LV! . . WE ORDERED: 8 orders of Uni, the Beef Tataki (SO GOOD, but beware, the mango salsa looks deceiving but there's bits of wasabi mixed in it!! ahhhh! burned my nose) 2 Yellowtail Collars, Yellowtail Jalapeno and two orders of Salmon Sashimi as well as 4 orders of Amaebi (Sweet shrimp) . . but my highlight was the lychee sorbet. so light and refreshing, and after such a heavy meal with the uni and amaebi, the lychee sorbet (with bits of lychee in it!!) was a great way to end the meal.
Found this place on Yelp and decided to try it because of the good ratings.  THANK YOU yelp, I am so happy I came here.  Location is pretty small and tight so definitely expect a wait.  Everything we had on the menu was fresh and tasted sooooooo good.   The best part of this place is that it's very reasonable in price specially if you compare it to anywhere on the strip.   I have wasted so much money eating at Roku in Caesars and paying double the price for ok sushi.. . Tip, it's worth sitting at the bar and talking to the sushi chefs.  They offered us some pretty incredible stuff that they didn't have on the menu like Salmon belly.  Also, save a little room for dessert.  Loved their green tea cream brulee.   Will definitely go back when I visit Vegas next.
The AYCE sushi places in Las Vegas are top notch.  Where else can you eat your fill of nigiri sushi for about $25 a person?  . . We arrived early, at about 530-545 pm and the restaurant was already full.  With only a short wait, we took two seats at the sushi bar, which proved to be a blessing.  It was so much easier to give our orders directly to the sushi chefs and instantaneously receive our sushi.  At a table, you're at the mercy of the waitresses, who are harder to come by. . . Do yourself a favor, don't waste time on the rolls.  Not even one.  I don't care how interesting that fried/eel sauced concoction sounds.  They are huge, heavy and a waste of stomach space. We had the Cynthia roll and a Soft Shell Crab roll of some kind and while you can get 1/2 rolls (4-5 pieces) they are clunky monsters, bigger than the size of your mouth and glopped with mayo and eel sauce. . . Instead, focus on the sushi.  There are two-order limits on just two kinds of sushi - the amebi (sweet shrimp) and the uni (sea urchin) so make sure you order those to the max.  The uni was great - fresh and creamy and extremely flavorful.  We also really enjoyed the yellowtail and the salmon belly and liked the halibut, aji, and unagi.  With the amebi, request that the heads be fried, because they come to you in a miso soup, which is a nice contrast to all the cold foods you are eating. . . Goyemon isn't just about sushi though.  They have a pretty decent hot foods menu to provide some variety to the meal.  The pork belly was tiny in portion and not super tender.  The grilled vegetables are nicely grilled.  They even have udon and a ramen which is only available if you're there late at night.  . . Make sure to save room for dessert.   Though they have things like green tea icecream or fried icecream, they readily admit those things are store-bought.  They take greater pride in their housemade green tea brulee, which has a sweet, subtle, jiggly matcha pudding with a paper thin brulee on top.  Another delicious dessert is the lychee sorbet, which is store-bought, but really aromatic and a nice palate cleanser.  . . This is no Nozawa but the quality was really quite good and for the price, unbeatable.
Not many people fancy raw fish, but those who do enjoy fresh sushi or sashimi have their favorite go-to place.  THIS WOULD HAVE TO BE MY FAVORITE SUSHI RESTAURANT OF ALLLL TIIIMMEEEE!  No joke.. . I've been to so many all-you-can-eat sushi places and tons of Japanese restaurants in my lifetime that I feel confident saying that Goyemon has one of the best sushi's in the States.  This would probably be a whole different story if I've been to Japan, but that has yet been crossed off my bucket list.  In the meantime, this place is my #1 spot.. . So why do I love this place?  Although Goyemon currently has 4 stars according to Yelp, I feel that it depicts this place so wrongly.  It should receive 5 1/2 stars. That's how great it is.  Being Asian and all, I have come to love rice.  White, brown, sticky, broken...I LOVE rice, just ask the boyfriend.  When it comes to sushi, the way the rice is prepared makes all the difference in the world.  Trust me, I know.  If the rice is too sticky, you'll be sitting there all day chewing on sticky rice.  If there's too much rice vinegar then the sushi rice just falls apart once chopsticks come in contact with it.  This place does it right.  They "cut" the rice in such a way that it's one with the sashimi/raw fish.  The portion between the fish itself as well as the sushi rice is perfect.  Some places either put so much more rice hoping it'd fill you up faster, but that just takes away all the trust a customer has in the restaurant as well as the sushi chef.  . . Bomb dynamite.  A lot of sushi places are starting to add rice at the bottom of these delectable appetizers, but it's really taking away the taste of this delicious dish.  Goyemon thankfully doesn't do that. . . Mussels.  Can't go to a sushi restaurant without getting mussels... . . If they ever provide this option as a part of the all-you-can-eat-deal, then I say get it.  This is the salmon belly.  What's great about it is, is that it's very much like salmon, it just melts so much more in your mouth.  You've got to try it if you can. . .  And the one fish I can never cheat on, white tuna.  My absolute favorite. . . Generally at all-you-can-eat places I leave a little room for dessert.  Goyemon's lychee sorbet dessert is one of a kind (to me).  It's not your regular sorbet, a little bit more on the sticky side as if you were chewing on mochi, but not as chewy as mochi.  That may not make any sense, but in a way it melts nicely in your mouth, sort of like soft, snow that is just falling down. . . If you plan to eat there, make sure to head there early in the day right before they open.  It's a little slow at first, but it quickly gets busy 15-30 minutes later.  It's so packed, people are just waiting out the door.  What's even more interesting is that the location isn't even that great.  It's a little off the strip (15 minutes away), but I love that about it.  It attracts locals and very few tourists go out there so you aren't bombarded by tourists even though you may considered as one. . . Already missin' you..... . Lina Chen
I love sushi! I am always on the look out for great AYCE. About a year ago my friend took me here and now I am hooked! I have yet to find anything better. I WILL ONLY GO TO GOYEMON!! Fresh, unique, satisfying, great daily specials, and just yummmmyyyy! . . They have good customer service for what it is. They are always busy except during early lunch hours from my experiences. People are ordering crazy amounts of food. Most of the servers are on it!  I also love that you can take your time. There have been times when a group of friends and I have been there for almost 3 hours! . . There are so many delicious items available for AYCE it's ridiculous but awesome. My favorite roll is the hurricane. Always check their daily specials board. Amazing grilled squid, cajun salmon, and unique fresh fishes. The garlic edamame is the way to go. Buttery, garlicky, little morsels of deliciousness! The shumai (fried) rock my socks off. I could go on and on about the deliciousness that is Goyemon! This is the place to go for stellar sushi! and AYCE!
Seriously one of the best AYCE dining experiences I have ever had!!!!. . This is being said by someone who avoids AYCE (unless it's KBBQ) like the plague!!!!. . The menu is very creative and tempting and there are things included with the price that you would never expect at a sushi AYCE like desserts and ramen!!!!. . The price is just above $25 which seems like a lot but pretty much everything is covered by that money - including your drinks!!!!. . Sit at the bar!!!! The sushi chef and his accomplices are pretty cool and not shy at all as they will suggest you eat what is good. This is actually a good idea since there is actually a time limit. Funny, a couple of times they gave us random items with our permission and we thoroughly enjoyed them. Needless to say I am an extremely picky eater and I hate avocado. We just told them to hold the avocado and they didn't make a mistake once! I liked everything I ate pretty much!!!! I enjoyed the J.J., Tiger, Rock n' Roll and Sexy Girl rolls the most. The Dynamite which is one of my BF's favorites is really good here! The desserts are to die for here!!!!. . Service is pretty good. Few mistakes if any and the servers didn't ever have to be reminded about what we ordered! Give them credit, people order a lot of food here!. . The interior of the restaurant is pretty nice looking! . . This place attracts nice people apparently. I chatted with some guys at the bar and some other guy while I was waiting to use the bathroom. This says a lot about the food and ambience!!!! Of course they started the conversation in both cases. I'm usually quiet but the people here are soooo cool I broke out of my shell a bit!. . This is definitely not a place for sushi snobs and I LIKE IT like that!!!! All the fish tasted fresh and was always very well complemented by the other things the chef put into the rolls. . . There is only one drawback here, all that being said. You will most likely have to wait at least half an hour most of the time. That's how popular this place is!!!!. . There is ample parking as this restaurant is in a newer good sized strip mall.. . Trust me! This is the AYCE experience of a lifetime!!!! I am not into buffets (ugh!) or AYCE (if it's not KBBQ) but this place makes me forget how much I hate most AYCE/buffet establishments!!!!
Wow, no wonder this place is hopping.  The food is great, and the All You Can Eat dinner deal amazing for 26.95. It includes most of the regular menu items, like the yummy pork belly appetizer, and every roll on the menu, of which there are like 100 different kinds.  Plus, the service was fantastic, friendly and fast. . . The pork belly appetizer was juicy and yummy...probably our favorite thing.  I would  recommend ordering it off the regular menu because you get 5 large super juicy pieces that for whatever reason were a bit better than the smaller pieces given on the AYCE version that the hub had. (I ordered off regular menu). . We also liked the spicy tuna on crispy rice, and the shrimp tempura.  Dude loved the mussels so much he ordered an encore, and we both liked the rolls.  We tried the Pixie roll (wrapped in colored soy paper...festive), the Volcano roll, the Sushi Max (tuna w shrimp), and the Sexy Girl roll, which was our fav and had everything but the kitchen sink, but had the cleanest flavor profile, rather than a mish mash with sauce.. . This is a peeve of mine about sushi rolls everywhere, so it's not a criticism of Goyemon. Rolls are Americanized, sporting lots of stuff that doesn't belong in sushi (cream cheese, yuck) that they all start to taste the same, covered in the same homogenous sauce, or as Goyemon unfortunately called theirs, 'Orgasm Sauce', Please stop calling it that.
Best AYCE sushi i have been to so far. Although, the wait is awful.. been there 3 times, I'd say our group of 3 waited average of 1hr - 1hr and half each time. But it's worth it! I love the desserts! mochi mochi mochi
This place is absolutely worth the visit. I did a lot of research for a good sushi place before my room mate and I went to Vegas for a week over NYE and we weren't steered wrong by the reviews. The AYCE sushi was great quality, there is a ton of variety on the menu, and you can also place half orders so that you don't fill up too much on just one thing. We went three times in one week! Twice for lunch and once for dinner. Sushi is super expensive where we are from in Bermuda, so we were beyond excited to pay less than $30 for AYCE (we definitely don't have that option at home!). They don't do sashimi but they do pretty well everything else. It is quite a small restaurant and was packed every single time we went, there was also a line waiting. That's when you know it's worth the wait. The last time we went for lunch, we went right when it opened so we didn't have to wait to be seated, but it did not take long before the place was full. I spoke to some guys who were from Vegas who said they eat there all the time. I can't list my favorite roll because there were too many choices, just try everything! I will say the steamed gyoza are incredible, I could have eaten those all day long. They do have a time limit stated on the menu, I think it was 45 mins - 1 hour per person, but I'm pretty sure we were there a longer than that and no one kicked us out. . . Go here, it was amazing. I am craving it right now and can't have it as I am 4 time zones away *tear*.
This place is probably the one place off of the strip that I recommend everyone come to on their Vegas trip if they have a car.  It's delicious, fresh, and all around great service!  . . We came here on a Saturday night, and it was really busy.  There was a 45 minute wait, but this is one of the few places where their seating estimate was actually fairly accurate.  Luckily, one of our group lived nearby, so we just went and chilled at her apartment for a while.  . . We sat in the little room to the side for groups, which is usually a death sentence for good service, especially when your group isn't huge (we were a group of 5).  However, the waitress was really good about coming out to check on us often, and refill our waters, etc.. . They have a lunch and dinner AYCE deal, for $21.95 & $26.95.  There are about 50 menu options for each item, ranging from  nigiri, normal rolls, and special baked rolls.  It's really nice because anything on the regular menu you can get in the AYCE option (including the $12-13 specialty rolls).  When they bring out your orders, they bring out half an order instead of a full order, so that you can try more options.. . Not having prepared my stomach for AYCE, I ordered the Sashimi dinner, which is 12 pieces of sashimi w/ soup & salad.  Another in our group got the SS dinner, and the chicken katsu curry.  All were delicious!  The portions are generous, and all of the fish is really fresh.  . . I had a really great experience at this restaurant, and I can't wait to go back and have the AYCE next time!
I can't believe there's such a creative sushi place in the middle of the desert. The food was worth the wait! Be sure to get there early- many desserts and favorites seem to run out around 10-11pm!. . Some of our faves: Crispy Rice w/ Spicy Tuna, BBQ Pork Belly, Green Tea Creme brulee.. . You just really have to try it!! They're also so nice- GREAT SERVICE!!
I was surprised I hadn't reviewed Goyemon before - I've been neglectful and aim to make up for it now.. . We were craving sushi, and with so many good AYCE places in town we decided on one of our favorites, Sushi House Goyemon on Decatur.  Yes, we knew better and still we arrived at 7 PM.  After a wait of about 1.5 hours (I swear, it's worth it to satisfy your AYCE sushi craving) we were seated.  The guys took a picture of the specials board and then simply decided they wanted one of everything (not including dessert).  I perused the on-line menu earlier that day (the anticipation was killing me) and decided I would focus on trying various rolls besides having a few of my favorites.. . Let me start by sharing with you that I was especially happy with the AYCE in that you can order 1/2 a roll (four pieces).  Who needs more justification than that?. . I started with Sexy Girl:  a harmony of shrimp tempura, crab meat & cucumber with a generous kiss of spicy tuna and scallop yum yum on top, then sprinkled with tempura crumbs, a spicy garlic and spicy eel sauce.  I was very happy with the ratio of fish to rice.  My very scientific measurement is if I can put one whole piece in my mouth.  Too much rice and there is no way I can; just the right amount and it fits like a glove.  Slightly warm and sooo good!   I'll sheepishly admit I ordered a 2nd 1/2 roll as my last item of the evening.. . I quickly ordered my favorite nigiri, hamachi (yellow tail).  It was so fresh and delicate and just beautiful.  Mmmm...  I ordered the garlic tuna as well, which I enjoyed but truthfully like the garlic sauce a bit more at some other places.. . The pork belly with mango salsa is a must have when we go - it never disappoints!  Succulent and juicy on the inside, charred on the outside pairs perfectly with the sweet mango salsa.. . Time for a palate cleanser!  No Name roll was perfect - Spicy tuna and asparagus that still has a nice bit are blanketed by the delicate flavors of yellow tail.  This roll is served cold and is bland compared to others.  The fish sing in this composition, and it was really quite refreshing.. . My husband and I shared a bowl of octopus poki (good, just not one of my favorites) and I snagged a piece of his unagi (eel) as well as a piece of someone's Red Dragon (spicy tuna, cucumber, & avocado with eel and eel sauce on top).. . I really wanted to try dessert, I really did.  But I couldn't.  My belly was very happy and very full.
One ofthe happiest days of my life was when my relatively new gf, who used to not be a fan of sushi, asked me if we could have sushi for dinner. Of course I would take her to Goyemon. Now, it's our "every other week" spot for AYCE sushi.. . The first time I ate here, it instantly became my all-time favorite sushi restaurant. After having tried another place, that place came pretty close, but to this day, Goyemon still holds the spot for #1 sushi place.. . Super white tuna=like butter in my mouth. I can finish 10 orders of this and still not be full. Gotta try the dynamite, it's the best in town. More staples are shrimp tempura, calamari, baked green mussels. For nigiri, other than super white tuna, yellowtail, garlic tuna, salmon, sweet shrimp, unagi, and cajun albacore. The gf likes rolls, and always gets the Japanese Lasagna and the OID. I like the pastel myself. I don't like rolls that much anymore. They make me full a lot quicker and I want to make my AYCE experience worth it every time. I honestly haven't had a roll here that I didn't like. Dessert: You gotta save some room for some green tea creme brulee. Sometimes, they have vanilla creme brulee and chocolate mousse too and I just go all out and order that trio. Now this is the only sushi place in town I know of that has this high a caliber in desserts, and that my friends, is the second reason why it is my fave sushi joint. You already know the first (clue: it's like butter in my mouth).. . Oh my, now I'm craving for Goyemon.
This is definitely one of my favorite Sushi places on the West Side! And I'll tell you why. . . I'm a big fan of AYCE Sushi, whereas my friends are more into individual rolls at really nice Sushi places-almost Sushi snobs. Now I love individual rolls as much as the next guy, it's just I can't afford to always pay for 2 or 3 individual rolls, knowing that the bargain hunter in me wants to take an establishment for all it's worth when AYCE is involved. I love being able to sit for a long time, and take my sweet ass time ordering Sushi and the sides to my hearts content. . . I would totally eat here for lunch, except I only have 45 minutes for lunch, and I like to take my time eating sushi, nigiri,sashimi and Side dishes. So I save Goyemon for times with my friends who like to chow down too. And Yes, AYCE places do have a tendency to have slightly lower quality per roll, but-knowing that you just ate about $100 of sushi for a mere $26.95(dinner) or $21.95 lunch- brings a smile to my face every time! I'm happy eating grocery store sushi, so I'm not picky...and Yes I do know what amazing sushi tastes like.. . I do love there open seven days a week, I do love the courteous and prompt server girls that barely speak any english, and I do love the fact that there is almost nothing on the menu that is off limits, some piece do however have a limit of 1, or 1 per order. . . I like to go in with a totally empty stomach, which can be bad at times if you don't like to wait. Usually the wait at Goyemon is about 15-25 minutes depending on what night of the week. One drawback is that it's a pretty small sushi place as far as sushi places go, and the bigger the group the longer the wait due to the limited though intimate space. Take note that if you waster food, they WILL charge you for excess waste-which is pretty standard in most places.. . Another thing you can do is order the next round as you get an order placed in front of you. I like to do a sampler of a little bit of everything, but some of my best friends go straight for the jugular skipping any roll with rice and ordering Nigiri & Sashimi (Unagi, Salmon, Tuna, and Urchin) plate after plate after plate. My personal favorites are the Volcano Roll (baked YUM!) The Dragon Roll, and Salmon Roe.. . One of the things I did notice is that if you order the most expensive stuff on the menu over and over, it comes out very quickly at first, and as each order goes in, they take more and more time to get it out to you.. . But, seeing how there's no time limit...you've got time to spare! ;) Also, if it's your first time there, sometimes you'll space off and not realize a roll is 8 pieces, so if you want to try everything, ask for a 1/2 roll (4 pcs) so you can pick two rolls at a time.. . On top of it all, you get a cool little atmosphere, great for hanging with friends, and nice hustle and bustle by the staff, and round it all out with dessert (I love the Red Bean Ice Cream!) and leave a fat & happy Buddha belly!. . I love bringing people here! Be sure to check out the awesome sword in glass in the wall in the men's bathroom!. . Cheers!. . ~MikeB
It was indeed great. Service, food and selection. I would certainly go back.
do the all you can eat and order the pork belly its a must! i dont care if you dont like pork! the place is always pack so be prepared to wait 20-30mins
If you come to Vegas don't forget to visit this sushi place! . My personal favorite are the baked green mussels and the fresh scallop.. I am not a big fan of sushi but this place is an exception. The price very fair, you get quality in each plate. Enjoy!
hands down best sushi in vegas!!
2 words. pork belly!. sushi is great as well. . fish is very fresh.
Goyemon? Methinks you mean GoyeNOM. Of all the AYCE sushi houses across town, this is the one I continue to come back to, time and time again, and my sushi cravings are never left in naught after a visit. The staff is friendly and efficient, the service is quick, and the bar/tables never seem to be fighting for the sushi chefs' attention in getting their fish onto the table. They don't toot their horn about being one of the more popular AYCE sushi restaurants but they do have an organized system once they start to run a wait, and will even take down your cell phone number to call you if it gets so long you decide not to wait in the restaurant itself. . . I usually try to venture out and try at least one different item I'm there, either on their placemat, printed, or chalkboard menus, but usually the process goes like this because in the end, I'm more than pretty dependable: . . 1. Appetizer.. 2. Nigiri sushi.. 3. Some type of 1/2 roll. . 4. Uni (sea urchin).. 5. Ama-ebi (sweet shrimp) . 6. Repeat 2 as many times as necessary before 10.. 7. Dessert. . 8. Happy happy, joy joy.
Best sushi in town :)
Love this place, AYCE sushi, cheaper than a la carte. Rarely ever get disappointed, except for the time they sat us at the table closest to the restroom I think they were having plumbing problems that night, since then they have fixed that problem. The only thing that is not part of then AYCE is the hamachi collar  boo! Have yet to try their ramen after 11pm. Favorites  braised grilled pork belly, atama (fried shrimp head), super white tuna nigiri, salmon skin roll, Cajun albacore, ikura with quail egg, salmon nigiri, and the list goes on!
Best AYCE sushi I've ever had.. And it's out here, in the desert. LOL. . My boyfriend and I tend to stay away from specialty rolls because they typically taste the same and they just take up room in our belly real estate.. . The things that impressed me here was:. - The freshness of the sushi, even out here in the desert.. - The fact that it's an AYCE place but the sushi chefs still make the perfectly proportioned nigiri. They don't try to stuff you with rice so that you get full faster. They keep the integrity of the sushi and keep the proportions the same throughout the meal.. - Some people say service slowed down as the meal went on, but we didn't feel that at all. The service was great throughout the meal.. - The actual food-- as described in the following.. - They have stamp cards! Even though we're not local, we asked for one because we come out to Vegas a lot.. . We had tons of nigiri.. The salmon was good, but the salmon belly was fatty and delicious. We loved the yellowtail. The tuna was good, but wasn't our favorite. The albacore was good, nothing special. White tuna was good too. The scallops and the kanpachi weren't bad, but we're not huge fans of those to begin with.. You HAVE to look at the blackboard. They list the specials for the day. I was sad because they didn't have the blue fin tuna or the toro (fatty tuna). But they had the salmon belly and the kanpachi.. We also had the sweet shrimp and uni, which are part of the regular menu, but the portions are limited. 1 serving per person (which consists of two pieces per person).. . The braised pork belly was ON POINT. It was fatty, flavorful, and delicious.. . Also, the dessert was awesome. I had the green tea creme brulee which was amazing. I love creme brulees to start with! We also had a vanilla mochi ice cream. It's probably store-bought, but I loved the flavor of the vanilla bean. I was extremely satisfied. Next time I'll try the lychee sorbet.. . This isn't to say that there weren't bad parts about the experience:. - The miso soup was bland.. - The baked mussels were slightly bland. They weren't BAD, but I probably wouldn't order them again.. - The chicken yakitori... it's just chicken doused in teriyaki sauce. Not impressed.. - THE WAIT: We got there and there seemed to be just one group in front of us, but it took 45 minutes for us to sit down. It's such a small venue, you have to expect a wait.. . Even with the "cons," I still love the food here. I'll be back here for sure, it's on my "MUST GO" list along with the Oyster Bar.
MY FAVORITE PLACE IN LAS VEGAS!!! This place never disappoints! Their sushi all you can eat has the same quality if not better than the quality you expect to see in good Japanese sushi restaurant that serves a la carte! I recommend every single thing on the menu. The staff is friendly and helpful, too. If you like sushi, you have to go there, 'nuff said!!!
I took my brother out for his very first AYCE. He loved it! Too bad I came in early too early for the dinner menu. I wanted him to try the things that are on that menu, but at least I was able to order a side dish of their pork belly with the mango puree on the side. He loved all of it. I am definitely bring him back again.
The Lemon roll was awesome! It's a California roll with Salmon and Yellow Tail & lemon slice on top. And this place is open late (3am) for those of us that get out of work at crazy hours.
Great sushi restaurant.  Best one my wife and I have found in Vegas.  Won't visit another sushi house unless referred by a friend.  . . Fish is always fresh, I have never had a bad piece of fish.  Love the pork belly, the sashimi salad, and the crispy rice tuna. . All u can eat menu is big. Everything is good, never had something I didn't like.  . . Will always eat sushi here when I am hungry for it.
Probably the best AYCE sushi spot in Vegas! Love that it's open late night, and that they have daily specials. It's also great that they don't give an abundance of rice and small cuts of fish. Seemed like most of their rolls were amazing (and they let you do half orders for AYCE so you can sample more!) . . Must try: . Salon Belly: buttery goodness!. Grilled pork belly: delicious fatty goodness. Yuzu Sorbet: tangy, refreshing goodness. . I highly recommend sitting at the bar is possible, you'll get your nigiri and rolls much quicker.
Goyemon is always a good time; definitely one of my top3 sushi spots in Vegas.  When I hit up Goyemon, I am always looking forward to hitting up the specials of the day and getting down on some fresh nigiri cuts when I'm here.  Plus, I've grown very fond of the Green Tea Creme Brulee.. so nice.  Always an awesome time at Goyemon!!
Sushi House Goyemon has become my favorite AYCE sushi restaurant in town. It is very conveniently located and because of this we are able to come pretty frequently. I can't believe I have been coming here for so long and am just now writing an update to my first review. Everything here is amazing and I tend to like to stick to the nigiri and some of the cooked options here. I can never resist the salmon skin handroll, pork belly and scallop. The dessert selections are all amazing as well. My favorites are the green tea and black sesame creme brulees and my fella can't resist the tempura ice cream. . . We try to go during off hours so we don't have to wait too long for a table. We have never had any service issues and everyone is always friendly and helpful when we are here. If only they would expand a little into the shop next door so maybe the wait times wouldn't be as long.
Best all-you-can-eat in Las Vegas. Sit at the sushi bar and enjoy.. . I do not need to make a long, drawn out review. This place is yummy.
Ah. Maze. Ing.. . The fact that you can order half rolls instead of full rolls as a part of the AYCE earns them four stars right off the bat.  It makes it so worth the money because you're able to try so many of the rolls...which is awesome because their rolls are so creative!  There are 28 special rolls, none of which are "filler rolls" like shrimp tempura and cream cheese - they're legit rolls with great combinations of fish.  (They do also have shrimp tempura rolls, baked rolls, etc.  There's also nigiri, appetizers, and dessert, for the record.). . On a Thursday evening, we waited about 15-20 minutes for a spot at the sushi bar - the service was super fast and the sushi chefs were nice.  They even have a stamp card - after 10 visits, your eleventh is free! . . This place was a home run.  Be sure and try the: Ecstasy Roll (with Orgasm sauce - delish!), Domingo Roll (jalapeno salsa!), Sunrise Roll, 911 Roll (hella spicy) and Jala Jala Roll.
AYCE was excellent !!
The absolute best all-you-can-eat sushi spot hands down. Love the fact that they're open 11:30am until 3am so anytime you're craving bomb-ass sushi and/or Japanese food in Vegas, come here. Every time I'm in LV I come to this place at least three times a week. The sushi has the freshest, finest fish and ingredients, the tempura and gyoza is fried in the cleanest oil, the edamame is perfectly salted and boiled, and the mochi ice cream is superb. The portions are small to ensure you don't over-do it, but you still can't help it since everything is soooo good! The waiters and waitresses share tables so sometimes there's a little confusion with constant ordering, but they still get it to you in a timely manner. Keep in mind that EVERYTHING is made to order so some things take a little longer than others, but so worth the wait. I recommend sitting at the sushi bar so you can tell the sushi chefs directly what you want.  They have about 35 specialty rolls and we've tried about 10 of them, but the JJ, Philly Roll and Sexy Girl are def faves of my husband and I. They have a frequent diners program card too but you have to ask for it - buy 10 AYCE meals and the 11th is free. My favorite restaurant in LV! I wish they had one in SF!!
Trendy, busy, and delicious fresh fish with generous portions.  Would love to go back.
This place is amazing! A friend recommended this place and said this place is packed all night. We got there around 8:45pm and waited about 20 min. I was skeptical about the AYCE on sushi but my friend was right, the food was very high quality and fresh. Sushi House Goyemon has a full bar and good selection of sakes.. We had so many orders of everything (see pics ) but the stand outs were the Ama Ebi, special grilled white tuna, and the grilled pork belly. Everything on the menu comes in small portions only 1 or 2 small pieces but the wait staff service was spot on even though there was no an empty seat for 5 min the entire night. There is a time limit for the AYCE and it's mostly to turn over the tables. . . Tip. . Order several items a once. The portions are small but tasty so you try more. Reorder the item you really like.. Expect a wait but the hostess is nice and will even call your cell when your table is ready. . Highly recommended, Great food, nice decor, exceptional service and did I mention the price $26.95
I have found my new favorite AYCE sushi joint in Vegas now.  Before coming here, I was a fan of Yama Sushi, which is still really yummy, but now that I've been introduced to this place, I don't know...I think I might have to come here now rather than Yama.  . . We arrived with a party of  6 and the hostess told us it would take about an hour and 15 minutes or so.  The place is small with a main dining area and two larger tables to the side of the restaurant for larger parties.  We ended up waiting about 50 minutes or so, which wasn't too bad!  There are a few tables with chairs outside so you can sit back and kick it.  . . Now onto the food... portions of their nigiri are smaller than what I'm used to in regular sushi restaurants, however, I think it's the right portion because it's not overwhelming and it makes you want to order more.  Fish is fresh and delicious..melts in your mouth taste, which is awesome, rice on the nigiris, perfectly packed and does not fall apart when dipping into soy sauce, this alone deserves a single star.  Sushi rolls were amazing to taste and the the size of the rolls were pretty generous.  My favorite would have to be the spider roll and dragon roll.  I had to get two of the spider rolls because it was that good.  They made it fresh so the soft shell crab came out nice, warm and crunchy.  Price came out to be about $34/person, which is not bad depending on how much you plan on grubbin'!  When we come to sushi places where it's AYCE, we always try to get the bang for our buck.  I definitely can't wait to come back here on our next trip to Vegas.  . . Staff was friendly, food came out quick, prices are affordable for AYCE,  bathrooms are clean.  I really enjoyed my experience here!  . . Desserts...I had the vanilla mochi and it was nothing special.  I wish they had more flavors of the mochi rather than just vanilla and strawberry.  I could really care less about the dessert though cause really it's all about the sushi here.  Yummy in my tummy!
This place is prolly one of the best Sushi restaurants that i've hit up in Rack City. I like the art work of the Samurai warriors on the wall and the samurai sword in the bathroom showcased in a glass case. My boy Whoadie is a chef that's been Elite for the past 3 years who has become vegetarian recently but decided to have a cheat day to come smash on the all-u-can-eat sushi for $28.95. We ordered some pork belly, seaweed salad, poke, unagi, ebi, a bunch of their fusion rolls, and a gang of sashimi, then make sure u got room to eat sum green tea ice cream!
If i could i would eat here everyday. so yummy. super white tuna all day long. mmMm and yakitori! =) great deserts
For a while there Goyemon was very hit or miss for me.. But lately every time I go it has been a definite and delicious HIT~ Especially after checking out most other AYCE spots in the valley.. I've come to realize Goyemon is pretty much the best.. I always give other places the benefit of the doubt but they always leave me wanting more and also feeling angry that I wasted a perfect opportunity to get another stamp on my loyalty card LOL . . Top Reasons Goyemon is currently #1 for AYCE:. *Freshness- I think since they're so busy all of the time they go through fish fast so all of their items are fresh & of good quality.. I love their scallop, yellowtail jalapeno, tuna, salmon, squid, ikura, uni & amaebi nigiri~!!!. *Size- The rice to fish ratio is perfect and their nigiri is not too huge so you can sample a little bit of everything.. *Appetizers- A good variety ...I always get the tuna poke salad, miso soup with shrimp head & pork belly.   . *Rolls-I've never had a roll here LOL but they look huge which some people might consider a plus . *Desserts- unlimited and I am addicted to the lychee sorbet ahhhhh. *Service- I find that service at the bar is waaaaaaaaaay better than at the tables so try to score a seat there if you can!  . . The only negatives I can think of are that it's always so busy so go at a weird time~. . HOT TIP: Ask for fresh wasabi at no extra charge
The only thing I like better than super good sushi is unlimited amounts of super good sushi. . . [enter Goyemon]. . While it ain't Sugarfish (LA), its pretty damn good and the service is killer. In fact, I might go so far as to say that its the best AYCE joint in the world and the fact that its located in Vegas only adds to the magic.  . . For $26.95 you can get some of the best sushi available in good ole Las Vegas, plus unlimited appetizers, daily specials and wait for it...DESSERT!  Trust me you won't want to skip dessert because they have an amazing green tea creme brulee and s super sweet selection of mochi ice cream. . . My only recommendation would be to get in early and to sit at the bar so that you have your chef's full attention.  The rest will take care of itself because Goyemon does it right from start to finish.. . DEFINITE MUST EAT!!!
Awesome. Absolutely the best all you can Sushi. Quality.. Perfect!!!
Delicious sushi!  We took a cab from the strip and although that added about $20 the experience, it was well worth it.  We took advantage of the AYCE sushi. I was worried that they would bring them out slowly or the rolls would be small but they were timely with each serving and the rolls were stuffed. They have so many delicious rolls to choose from as well as many non-sushi items included in the AYCE.
Delicious and great service. They neither rush you nor pack in the rice once they've had enough of you. The fish is fresh. By far the best all-you-can-eat (AYCE) sushi I've had... ever.
since i found goyemon i dont go toany other sushi joints...EVER! . if i do...i always end up leaving saying" ill just stick with Goyemon". . The sushi is fresh no matter what time of day i go. The staff is friendly and very attentive. I ask for something and they get it for me without me having to say " why isnt it coming". . Sushi's freshness is very important and they never disappoint me. . . Yeah there is a long line sometimes but it worth the wait. . The side orders are my favorite. I always get me miso with shrimp heads, green mussel, steamed goyza, pork belly, and my favorite GRILLED VEGGIES!! YUM. . This place is a MUST if you have loving for sushi. TRY IT OUT you will be back.. trust me.. you will get addicted to it lol
Loved it!  Our sushi chef Ivan was incredible, very skilled and friendly. Definitely recommend this place. Great quality fish - hamachi belly, super white tuna, and maguro.  Especially tasty was the pork belly.  Only downside, they ran out of tempura ice cream that night.
My favorite thing about this place is that you can order half rolls for AYCE!  They are open late and they always seem to be busy.  In fact, I can't remember ever going there and seeing empty tables, I always need to opt for the sushi bar.  . . The sushi guys are super friendly, ready to chat up a storm, or leave you be if you're not a talker.  . . I have taken many friends with me to Goyemon and introduced this restaurant to them for the first time, and every time the experience is top notch.  Way to go, Goyemon! :)
Came here about a year and a half ago and I'm still thinkin' about this place! . . I loved that they were open late! However, they do run out of some of the good stuff! Don't get me wrong though, they still had a lot of fresh, fatty, juicy fish! My FAVORITE. . . I really liked the salmon belly! From what I can remember, the yellowtail nigiri had sauce on it, but I didn't know so afterwards I just asked for no sauce (I like my fish plain). Yummy desserts after your meal, what more can you ask for??
The most awesome Sushi place in Vegas. The "all you can eat" option is just brilliant.
This sushi joint is awesome! It is always crowded. I love the selection of sushi and atmosphere. Although, I do get take out often.
Who would want to miss out this all you can eat Sushi place?? . We had 6 people. We were taking to a separate room.  The interior has a warm welcome feeling with typical japanese setting. . . I ordered my personal favorite Dragon Rolls, Spider Rolls, eel and cucumber rolls and hand rolls, fried calamari, yakitori chicken, California rolls, shrimp Tempura, teriyaki Chicken, and miso soup.  Yes, all that food for just $28!!!  The sushi rolls were made to order and just the way it should be! Every roll was made to perfection.  The tastes are delicious. I finished all of them.  I probably tried some of other things that my friends ordered too. I felt stuffed! . . For dessert, I had Fried Ice cream, red bean ice cream and green tea ice cream.  All very good. . . Friendly service! Hopefully I will have chance to come back again!
CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN:  Goyemon is brother to a family of great restaurants including Monta Ramen/Chaya and Sushi Mon (now both the Maryland AND Sahara outlets are united under the same management)... so it safe to expect greatness.  It will not disappoint your taste buds and wallet, but it may test your patience for table wait.. . THE MEAT:  Hubby and I have swung by this place a few times but we weren't willing to wait an hour or two for a table.  MAHALO to awesome Yelper friends with hookups to a private room!  The sake options are awesome, and for $8, you can have a 3-shot sampler of any sake on their menu.  Their appetizer, sushi/rolls and dessert offerings also give you a wide variety with no limits.  The must trys - pork belly (lots of melt in your mouth fat that works), salmon belly nigiri, salmon collar (they cook this beautifully - I believe it is a superior part of the fish), the ecstasy roll (albacore, tuna, seaweed, masago, yum yum sauce - all the flavors and textures were lip-smacking good), and yuzu or lychee sorbet.  We were underwhelmed by a few items like Cajun albacore (the fish and execution is exceptional in Sushi Koma, which also has a much better version of the scallop dynamite dish).  But on the whole, you get a great bang for your buck with quality ingredients, good service and varied quantity.  I've tried a lot of AYCE sushi in Vegas but Goyemon still remains the undefeated champion.  . . I'M STILL DIGESTING... the fact that I didn't order more salmon belly.  Darn it.  . . WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-house-goyemon-las-vegas?select=J4rOAqKdqSJ5ir5zayaGAg#J4rOAqKdqSJ5ir5zayaGAg
I swore I already wrote a review for Goyemon but since it disappeared..... . I love love love Goyemon!. They deserve 5 stars because of their consistency and the overall experience.. You get the best of both worlds! Quality and Quantity!. . Don't expect sashimi or the best sushi in the world though.  You pay for what you get.  . Their fish is fresh and they don't stuff their nigiri with rice.  It's a good proportion.  . My favorite at Goyemon is the Super White Tuna - melts in your mouth *O*.. . AYCE (All You Can Eat) Dinner is $26.95 but expect to pay about $35 per person for tax and tip. You can choose from appetizers and desserts.  They have ramen late at night.  BTW, they are open til 3am. YAY!!!. (exceptions to AYCE: limit 1 order (2 pieces) of Uni (sea urchin) and amaebi (sweet shrimp) per person). . Tip:  Always look at the Specials Menu on the Blackboard before you order!!! Toro or salmon belly are good must-trys..         Expect to wait if you're rolling in during traffic dinner time or if you have a large group.  If you time it right, they have a private room that can seat a large group. However, they DO NOT take reservations.
I love this place sometimes service is a hit or miss. I really like the Mexican girl with the brown hair she's so nice. If it wasn't for her I'd probably knock down a star for this place  for service, the Asian girls always have a snooty attitude. . Anyways food here is amazballs. I love the pork belly, salmon collar, almost everything. However, the spam in the spam sushi is always over cooked ;( the four different times I went there this summer. There is so much variety with the rolls from chicken, beef, and to fish. Plus if they recognize you they're usually accommodating to whatever kind of roll you can dream up. I did a spider roll with salmon skin and fresh scallop, I'm literally drooling thinking about it because now that I'm back in the bay area I can't have it :(. Ahhh don't even get me started on dessert, chocolate mousse, green tea tiramisu, and yuzu sorbet always hit the spot but lychee ice cream trumps them all. I can't wait to hit this place up when I'm back in vegas.
Hubby and I loves their Curry...reminds us of CoCo Curry house back home :)
This AYCE sushi place will live in my dreams. Amazing! Not much to add what they are doing here for what people say about it. The turnaround time to get our sushi was quick and quality was awesome for the price. Don't forget to get the Pork Belly off the green chalk board and chocolate mouse for desert. I could eat a thousand of the Tempura Shrimp here. Vegas you are a sin because this place should be illegal it is so good. I will put this on my top 5 list of places I have ever eaten!
AYCE SUSHI + YAKITORI = CULINARY HEAVEN **. . Not only does this place offer you AYCE fresh nigiri and specialty rolls, but also grilled specials such as pork belly, cajun salmon, super white tuna, chicken yakitori, etc!. . This place offers high quality sushi! I'm not kidding. The salmon belly is a MUST! Along with the yellowtail and salmon. The nigiri just melts in your mouth. Our group surprised the waitress as we scarfed down each of our orders within 10 seconds and asked for more. . . The menu suggests that we only have 1 hr to order food, but it seemed like they didn't keep track of the time. However, we came right before the rush hour, so things may be different. But overall, the sushi is absolutely amazing! As for the grilled menu - I recommend the super white tuna, chicken yakitori, and the grilled pork belly. All are full of amazing flavor! . . Andto top it off, the dessert is also just as spectacular. BEST GREEN TEA ICE CREAM EVER. None of that flour-y taste. It's your genuine green tea ice cream! Also, they have different specials for dessert. That night we had the Yuzu sorbet, which tastes just like Kumquat (citrus-like flavor). I also highly recommend the Lychee sorbet!! Other honorable mentions include the vanilla and strawberry mochi ice cream.. . Probably the best AYCE sushi I've ever had. Period.
This was basically my group of friends at this place. Mine. Mine. Mine. Mine. Mine. Mine.. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-3e0EkvIEM. . Basically, my group of 7, devoured every sushi plate that was set before us. For $27, I've had arguably the best sushi I've ever had and it was AYCE!. . The venue is pretty small and space fills up really quickly so I recommend getting here pretty early. They do have a 1 hour eating maximum but like I said, if you're devouring sushi like us, 1 hour is plenty or else this place will run out of fish. . . The menu has all kinds of nigri, salmon, tuna, yellow tail, they also have rolls but we didn't really touch those. Additionally, they have seared sushi as well such as the cajun salmon. Furthermore, the pork belly just melts in your mouth. Moreover, the appetizers like miso soup, garlic edamame, and sea weed salad are great side dishes to much on while you're waiting for your orders to come. . . The dessert here is amazing! I rarely, order 2nd servings of desserts but this place made me order 3rd helpings! This place has arguably the best green tea ice cream I've ever had. It was rich, smooth, and did not have that cheap flour taste that other places have. Furthermore, the Yozu sorbet was delicious. I think it was the greatest ice cream dessert I've ever had and I crave for it all the time!. . I honestly, felt bad for our waitress as my group became a hungry pack of piranhas. Have you ever seen a pack of Piranhas devour a fish? I would love to add a youtube video here but I rather not give people an upset stomach...  My group has been to most of the popular sushi places in Vegas, Yama, and Koma, and Goyemon is heads above the crowd. . . Hands down the best AYCE sushi. Once you come to this place, no other ayce sushi place can ever compare.. . Extra Note: According to my friend, this place is so amazing that he beat 3 levels of candy crush within the hour... XD
Best ayce sushi i've ever had. My husband and I have pretty much try all ayce sushi in LA county and OC county and we couldn't find anything we like until 2 years ago when we went to Vegas and found this place on yelp. Since then, whenever we went to Vegas, this is a must stop place.. . The reasons we like them: lots of varieties of Nigiri, their nigiri has a good proportion of rice to fish, they have really good specials of the day, you can do half order of rolls, good desserts selections and they open til super late.
Amazing! $26 and some for all you can eat (an hour to order sushi and grilled items) super white tuna, pork belly, hamachi, red dragon roll, hurricane roll, Teri chicken roll and everything else recommended!!!. . The fish we were served was fresh and good quality! None tasted dry and better yet, no fatty strands.. . We had a few mix-ups on orders but it wasn't a big deal since our party was pretty big. Great service and they had a lot of patience and kept their cool.
fun and delicious!! The chefs were amazing. Best part of the meal was the pork belly. But like any good thing a little goes a long way. :) the chocolate mousse at the end heavenly :) and the prices can't beat them for the type of quality in food you get
Affordable, yummy and not that big.Usually a wait so try to call ahead. Quick service and the all you can eat is a really good deal. I enjoy the lychee desert and everyone I go with likes the super white tuna. Enjoy!
One of my favorite sushi spots in Vegas!  I don't even have to order, they just bring me my food.  Great staff!!!  The sushi is excellent and the decor is perfect.  And you wont wait long to get your food, I really don't know how they do it so fast.  I'm very impressed with Goyemon!
My friends and I wanted to eat at an AYCE sushi place.  There were some debates on which place to go.  My friend that lives in LV recommended me to go here.  He lived here 10+ years and also has a sushi chef background.  With that in mind and the 600+ reviews in yelp, we decided to go here.  There was a 15 minute wait, which we didn't mind because we walked to the mini mart a few stores down and bought a bottle of beer.  We requested sitting at the bar so that we can order directly from the sushi chefs.  The sushi was fresh and made quick.  There were also items that needed to be ordered from the waiter - yakitori, pork belly, udon, dessert, shumai, etc.  Everything I ordered was delicious.  There were also daily specials too.  After we were finished I asked my friends if this was better than the other place you went last time (Don't want to call out the other place).  He said this place was better.
One of the best sushi places I've had! Location is a little strange and out of the way but well worth it. Yelpers were spot on with their raving reviews of Goyemon. The inside was very nice and clean and didn't smell :) It was a packed house which is always a good sign of a great establishment. We sat at the sushi bar and Ivan, our sushi chef was amazing. Of course we ordered the AYCE. Loved the fact we can order 1/2 rolls so we could try lots of different items. The nigiri was the perfect bite size. We enjoyed the Hurricane, garlic tuna, masago with quail egg, and I also tried the 911...spicy habanero HELL! We made friends with nearby patrons & started sharing but none of them dared to try the 911. I couldn't feel my face after eating it, thank goodness for the nearby sugar packets to help put out the heat.. To finish our meal, lychee sherbet...refreshing and light.. Definitely at the top of our list for sushi.
Great snow crab n albacore n spicy tuna. Urchin n squid was wack. Poki was meh. White tuna was surprisingly good. Sushi chef was a bit rude. But the Latino sushi chefs were way cool. Found a hair in our roll sent it back and Latin dude sent us urchin. It was a kind gesture but I didn't like it.
My absolute favorite all you can eat sushi place! Fresh, delicious, great service. . . . Try the ecstasy roll, my personal fave :P
This is my favorite sushi place in ALL of Las Vegas.  Their rolls are just good!  The prices are decent too, I never do all-you-can-eat at any sushi place because I usually eat less than ordering individual rolls would cost - two rolls fills me up.  They have the best spicy tuna!  My boyfriend always gets the salmon special, it's a dinner combination plate that comes with soup, salad, a little scoop of potato salad, big scoop of rice, shrimp and vegetable tempura, a california roll, AND teriyaki salmon for about $12.  It's a great deal!
This is the best sushi in town. We come at least 3 times a month. I love everything about this place.
Who doesn't love a buffet?....Especially when it's All-You-Can-Eat awesome sushi. . . After a fail attempt at Cesar's buffet during my last Vegas trip (Oct. 2013) me and a party of 13 didn't want to stand in that ridiculous hour wait line so one of our friends who was with us and a resident of Las Vegas suggested we go to Sushi Goyemon since it's all you can eat sushi and he said the sushi was just as good as Honolulu's sushi...so of course we couldn't refuse.. . . We got there around 8pm and there was about an hour wait as well but we just walked a few stores down, bought some beer and waited outside by our car until we got called in. We were then seated in their private room. We all got the all you can eat buffet for $27 but with tax it came out to little over $31. . . Don't bother filling you tummy with the rolls because that makes you full instantly because we ordered about 2 and yes they were good but they were so filling. I loved all of the nigi sushi...sad that they only allow 2 pieces for the uni (sea urchin), amaebi (sweet shrimp) and the GREEN TEA CREME BRULEE (which is not on the menu). Their hamachi, ikura, ahi, salmon, unagi, scallops, albacore etc is all fine cuts and really freshly delicious! I also enjoyed their baked mussels, fried fish heads, asparagus, tomato salad. I think everything on their menu was great and I was so stuffed walking out...Now I know where to go for good buffet sushi whenever I visit Vegas.. . The place is small and busy so be sure to wait and they do offer a punch card so for all you regulars out there.
This place has Sushi that is in a class by itself, It's open until 3am but 2am is the last all you can eat seating, so late night hookah people might want to check it out. . . The usual assortment of Nigiri and Rolls but also a few unique items. They have deep fried rolls and seared salmon. Very tasty. Try the Pork belly or the Cajun Salmon, Cajun spice and Chili sauce that is sweet and wonderful.. . The staff is very friendly, and will make you feel at home.. . It is so good that you should be prepared to wait for a table. But then again, if no one is in a place, that speaks volumes.. . Located on Decatur and the 215 South, near Hacienda.
I like this place when I have the craving for AYCE.  I love the pork belly and the sashimi salad.
This my absolute favorite and best all you can eat sushi restaurant by far. . Everything was just perfect! I suggest you get your money's worth and skip out on the rolls or just get a couple. Go for the Nigiris instead!. . The ama ebi (sweet shrimp) was my utmost favorite (unfortunately that and the uni you're limited to two orders), the salmon of course, hamachi, tuna, tamago, unlimited seaweed salad, unique variety of rolls and the fact that you can half it, the soup with the shrimp head, the fried shrimp head, pork belly, hand rolls, amazing desserts: yozu sorbet, greentea creme brulee, mochi ice cream, tempura ice cream, lychee sorbet. . . Ugh I cant even write about this place without getting sad that I can't eat it anytime soon. The fact that I didn't get a chance to take pictures of the food at the time because we were starving after a long wait so we all jus dug in doesnt help either because I can't remember everything we ate. My party and I got so many orders of so many different items that night we were feeling super stuffed by the end of dinner. . . I'm pretty sure you can't order anything wrong in this place so if your stomach can handle it, try a little of everything !. . The service is great, they are always extremely patient, and came by quite often to check on us. There was a long wait but it was most certainly worth it. The price is amazing for all the food that was and could be eaten.. . Can't wait to come back here again to feast!!!
It's one of the best all you can eat sushi I have ever been.. . I like how they are so generous with their fish. They don't compact the rice, so that rice is chewy by itself, and the whole thing is soft.. . The chefs are good and fast. . . It's off the strip. So if you want to go there, you need to rent a car.
BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI!!!!! Generous portions of fish, great variety of rolls and open super late. Can't beat that mix. We eat here whenever we are in Vegas- it's love at first bite at Goyemon.
I don't mind the wait so worth it to eat here. I love the AYCE menu. Probably why I am here at least once a week
I think the AYCE sushi lunch was around $22.  The dinner is around $27.  We came around 12pm on Saturday and we didn't have to wait.  However, we came to Vegas during the off-season.. . It's located in the corner of a strip mall, not too far away from the Vegas Strip.  Plenty of parking.  The service was good and fast.  The food was really good.  I like this place more than SushiMon.  . . Definitely will come back again!
AYCE lunch for $21.95! Everything was tasty and fresh. Nigiri sushi were small which is good. You can try more flavors! I didn't eat tempura ice cream because I was full. Anyway, it is a fabulous restaurant. If you love sushi, you must go there.
I am a big fan of sushi... And this place has an amazing fish quality! Their super white tuna is to die for... Must try
This was a great stop for lunch. Had the AYCE. Absolutely loved the Andy roll and the Supreme Salmon roll. Everything was fresh and amazing. Service was excellent also. This just might be my new Sushi go to place. Tip:. Get here early for lunch, the place gets packed!
Been coming here for the last 3 years, a review was due.. Hands down the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas.. . Best appetizers, best unlimited desserts and most important,  very fresh fish.. . Tips: . -The wait can be long on the weekend evenings and they don't take reservations...have someone from your party arrive first and throw their name down. . -Get a loyalty card, I think I've burned through 4 of them by now. Buy 10 get 1 free stamps knock $2.50 off each meal each time. Not bad.. . I've tried 5 other places in Las Vegas and have yet to find better.
Best AYCE sushi place for $26.95. Was looking around for other sushi places in Vegas but saw this place and it had pretty good recommendations. . . Place was pretty packed at 5 pm Christmas Eve and the estimated wait time was an hour and a half. However within thirty minutes we were in.. . Service was prompt and quick. We were greeted warmly and I would recommend this location to others!
All u can eat is very good! And it's even better when we ordered half size of everything! The price ($27 for dinner) is very reasonable compared with the buffets in fancy hotels with waiting time for 1-2 hours. As the first time visiting Las Vegas, going here for dinner was a wise and perfect decision!
Hotate Hotate Hotate! . . My favorite! The fish is so fresh and yummy! One of the best places to eat AYCE and includes Nigiri! Hotate, fried shrimp heads, hamachi, ikura, amaebi, hirame makes me a happy! . . Sit at the Sushi bar, Ivan will take great care of you. He was great!!!!! Thank you Ivan you helped me convince my cousin why Goyemon is better than the rest!
