I had dinner here for the grand opening night. Considering it was the first official day of their opening, service and food was excellent. The waitstaff was friendly and made sure drinks were always full. The burgers themselves are a little smaller than average for a gourmet burger but very delicious. All items are la carte so make sure you order some fries. The truffle parmesan fries are great with their dipping sauces. The highlight of my meal was the strawberry shake with coconut pudding. It's is the most expensive shake I have ordered ($8) but it was also the best shake I have had. The shakes are a must. I would come back again.
If you're in Vegas, this place should definitely be on your list to try! If there are any vegetarians in your group, it is also for them. They do have a vegetarian burger that I'm certain is delicious. I went on their grand opening night and was very pleased with their great service. The atmosphere is fun and the food did not disappoint. The servers are very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about everything on the menu which made it difficult to decide what to order since it all sounded so good. My recommendations, if you order the Hell's Kitchen burger, ask for Jalapenos on the side. They are VERY spicy, this way you can at least have the option of putting them in your burger. And if you still have room for dessert, definitely try the strawberry shake with coconut pudding. By far the best tasting dessert I have ever had.
I was here on Sun and this was their 2nd day (1st lunch opening).  This place was amazing!  It's like an upscale sports bar and since I went on a Sunday, it was perfect for Sunday football!  The openness of the restaurant was very inviting.  I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and the Roasted Jalapeno Poppers.  The presentation of the poppers was nice and they were in individual shot glasses with their own dip.  It was good especially if you like spicy food like myself.  The only downfall of the burger was that I ordered my burger medium and they cooked it well done.  It was still good so I kept on eating it.  So despite what I wanted, it was still very tasty and I was quite pleased with the manager's attentiveness to the situation.
Great food and awesome service. Was only open 2 days back everything was great. This is a must for anyone on the strip. Fun, vibrant and upbeat place. Great selection of food and beer. Will be back again soon.I have never seen such great service. Gordon Ramsey knows how to do it right.
After popping my Gordon Ramsay cherry I now know what has been missing from my life. One meal at Gordon Ramsay BurGR and I've thought up the greatest restaurant concept of all time: Burgers and Boners. . . What is Burgers and Boners you ask? It's a Burger and Wing place where the hostesses and waiters/waitresses are scantily clad. What's that? You think this idea is really similar to Hooters? Well, at Burgers and Boners we will actually serve gourmet food instead of frozen wings and shitty beer.. . Where was I? Ah yes, BurGR. The Farm Burger was incredible. It was perfectly cooked, the duck bacon was crispy and flavorful, and the fries came with a curry ketchup that was both confusing and delicious at the same time.. . In closing, please do not steal my idea. I will come after you for damages. I know lots of lawyers and you will be sorry. Oh, and don't forget to eat at BurGR. But mainly stay the hell away from Burgers and Boners.
AS PERFECT AS YOU COULD HOPE FOR !.  Just ate here last night with my wife Emily . It was WONDERFUL and AMAZING ! We will eat here every visit to Las Vegas from now on!. The Burgers were soooo great. I had the Hellz Kitchen Burger(very hot!) and my wife had the burger with Mango Chutney. We  loved them.They were slow cooked to lock in all the juice and flavor , hers Rare and mine Medium both came out perfectly cooked ! We had the Pig Bao sliders( 2 to a plate) ... sooo yummy, the thin Bao buns are a delicious modern taste advancement to traditional Hum Bao. lightand so good! The drinks were fab. I had a Cherry Whiskey cocktail and my wife had a Shake ...THE BEST SHAKE ON THIS PLANET! ... please do not let Pregnant women find out about this Chocolate shake or we won't be able to get in the door ! The Deschutes beer was really great and the dessert was "Spot On" perfect too- Push up pops! ... and our server Heather was as perfect a host as you might hope for. She made us feel so comfortable and and had great suggestions about everything. Give here a raise! A+ all the way.
This was perhaps the best restaurant burger I've ever had. I typically don't like restaurant burgers as I grew up on overcooked, brick-like burgers so sloppy toppings and juicy burgers just aren't my thing. This however was delicious and I would go again in a heartbeat. . . I ordered the uber cheeseburger: burger, 3 cheeses, bun. That's it. Meat and cheese. That is all I need or want in life. Screw vegetables. I also got the Just Fries with the two ketchups. The curry ketchup was interested but I didn't really like it. The chipotle ketchup tasted like normal ketchup so it got the job done.. . I really enjoyed the theming/style and the iPad drink menu was neat but a little buggy. I went the second day it was open and it wasn't too busy. Service was insanely good. We must have been helped by 5 different people, each letting us know they were assisting our main server. They each gave us their name and said to not hesitate to grab anyone of them if our main server wasn't available.. . I thoroughly enjoyed this place and recommend it highly.
Excellent food!  Still not my fav burger in town, but a top 3 for sure.  Read on!  . . Started off with the jalapeno poppers....very very good!  But NOT very spicy....I couldn't tell which one had the seeds.  Still the best poppers we have had!. . Went with the chicken sliders app for my baby.  I asked for the sirracha mayo on the side, but it wasn't very spicy either.  Baby enjoyed it and ate it up like ketchup!  LOL.  Chicken was probably dark meat, but had lots of flavor and the greens on there were great!. . On to the burgers!  Went with the Farm and the Hell's Kitchen burger.  Farm was great, tons of flavor.  The burger meat was cooked perfectly, however, I think they use a leaner beef, since my burger was a perfect medium rare, but not a drip of juice/fat hit the plate.  Still very juicy insides, and good throughout, just not my favorite overall burger in Vegas.  The HK burger was the same way, also very good, NOT spicy at all, but good nonetheless.  Bread was amazing though!. . READ THIS :  PARMESAN TRUFFLE FRIES.  This is my most favorite way to consume fried potatoes cut into slivers of goodness.  These BLOW away Bachi's in case you are wondering...they aren't even in the same category.  These are AMAZING and I will come back for the fries alone.  The portion is large as well....plenty for two to share.  There is so much flavor and sweetness/saltiness that is going on, explosions of flavor in each bite.  I will come back here for the fries alone. . . Lastly, went with the strawberry coconut pudding shake.  Super super good. The pudding is the winner here...makes me wonder if I can ask for a coconut pudding shake next time lol.. . As far as service goes, another 5 stars.  Everytime you need more ice water, they bring a new cup.  One of the bussers took a napkin to our table to clean up all the little tidbits from the fries before dessert arrived.  Service was pretty fast (except dessert taking a while) and we had multiple people checking on our food and experience afterwards....seems like they genuinely care that it went well.. . Prices are expected but not abusive.  Atmosphere is super trendy but kid friendly.  Music isn't ridiculous like some of Cosmo's spots....solid choice esp if you are in the PH area!. . Go go go!
One of if not the best burger I have had the Britannia Burger was so damn good. I thought I was dreaming. I sent compliments to the chef and the manager. Thank u again I am gonna come back to Vegas just for that.
Usually a tradition once we roll into Vegas is to check in, drop off our luggage up in the room, and hit a burger joint. And being that we were pretty disappointed in our last burger place experience, I am happy to report that Gordon did not let us down! The number one factor was the caliber of the service. Friendly, attentive, knowledgable- 5 stars just for that! Most of my stars are for service and work their way down from the 5 eligible. Food... I take my chances on! It's Vegas after all!. . But the FOOD was GREAT.. Started with the Fury Chicken Wings. While the 4 Tangy HellFire Blue Cheese Wings were delicious and honestly loved the buffalo sauce, I found the Wasabi- Honey Wings a little bland... even for wasabi. Those 4 wings also had that look like they had been sitting out with the sauce on them for some time. You know when sauces cool and they begin to get that layer that changes texture.. well...oh well. . The Euro Burger was AWESOME! I ordered it medium and the meat was nice and tender! The bun was warm and toasted. The combination of the goat cheese, oven roasted tomato, arugula, and the aioli made for a rich, creamy addition to the beef. . The fries were good, not spectacular. Probably not even great. But good. I ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries with Truffle Aioli. Maybe if they were like 25% less in price they would have been better. . . Im also giving BURGR 5 stars because Im not certain why it already has some negative reviews. Not that Im attempting to bump it up in the ranks, because I know I wont have that effect. But jeeez, some people REALLY complain. I mean how do you come across a dry bun that crumbles? Or dry meat? . . Thinking back Im upset I didnt snap any pics of my burger! Or they cool plates and decor. At least they send you off with your menu as a souvenir. =). . Me. Love. GR.
BURGR was awesome, I ate their 3 times in my recent trip to Vegas, I had great food, in a great atmosphere, didn't have to wait (i ate at the counter by the chefs) and everyone was great, my waiters Alex with the glasses (twice) and Kevin (once) were great, gave me great suggestions on what to order, where super informative about the menu and their service was great, Talked to the GM Darren, very friendly guy, real personable, even gave me a business card to call him and let him know when I was going to be their next, (that's some Vegas treatment), The Manager was Benji, who I had met before being I am a frequent guest at Planet Hollywood "the casino with the best vibe of any casino in Vegas" he came up to me, asked how i was doing and was very nice as he usually is, he generally wanted to make sure I was being taking care of, which i was, All of the Chef's are awesome and they make sure that everything is perfect and in a relaxed atmosphere, the cooks, preps and everyone else is top notch and very friendly, you can tell they really want to give you the best product that they can, Chef's Mickle, Peter, Robert, Vaughn, Luke, Michael, run a nice tight ship, but its also a fun ship, I was in the Club/Restaurant business for 32 years so I made a point to talk to the Chef's and give my compliments on a job well done and they even gave me suggestions on food too, which was great, the food was great, every different type i tried was awesome, I actually took home my own menu and checked off everything i have tried so far, so when I go back in a couple of weeks I can get other items. Another thing that was nice was Alex actually remembered my full name after one visit, (bonus points), even waiter's and waitress's that had nothing to do with me where asking if i needed anything, another good point, I could tell you what food was my favorite, but so far it all as been amazing (I'm also a professional speed eater, so I'm a huge foodie, if their was something I didn't like I'm not shy about letting you know about it, food's one of my hobbies) but the pudding shakes for dessert are a must, Anyway, that's my professional opinion, I will be back their in 2 weeks when I go back to Vegas and since 99% of the time I stay at Planet Hollywood, I'm sure I will be back their a lot more (I kinda want to be the first to complete the entire menu, lol) - If I could have gave them 10 stars I would have, just pretend I did - David Cagle
O...M.....G!!!! I must say that these burgers are AMAZING!!!! The best burger I ever had! Me and my family went on opening weekend so the service was top notch. The waiters were pleasant and very energetic. I got the Uber cheese burger that had 3 different cheeses on it, but I only remember goat cheese. And I split it and got another burger split that had Cheddar, mango chutney, and baby greens. If you are calorie counting or on a diet this is not the place to go! The patties are literally dipped in butter!!!! maybe that's why is so good..... The prices are reasonable for Vegas, but what hikes up your bill are the drinks and sides. If you just get the burger it's more than enough. However, we shared the Maui onion rings, and OMG your mouth will go to heaven. THIS IS A MUST TRY!!!! I was skeptical at first but I left completely satisfied. the bull was about $70 for 4 which is not the cheapest, but we ordered 4 burgers, Maui onion rings, fries and 2 drinks. And if you are a rewards member you get a dollar off each item! I look forward to going back. LOVE Gordon Ramsay, he did not disappoint!
Our party of 3 went to Gordon Ramsay BurGR at 6pm on a Wednesday night. A Wednesday night while CES was going on and the prelims for Miss America were taking place inside Planet Hollywood. I've began this review with this particular info to emphasize that there was no wait for seating even though there were special events going on in town. It may be due to the rather large dining area or maybe we were just lucky, in either case, we were seated immediately.. . Our server came over and introduced herself and then placed an ipad on the table and explained how we can look at the alcoholic drink selections, see pictures and read ingredients. Pretty cool little feature.. . We ordered two American burgers and one Britannia burger, Just fries, Sweet Potato fries and Beer Battered Maui Onion rings plus our guys both ordered beer while I stayed with lemonade.. . We had a longer than usual wait for burgers but our conversation flowed along and with the Miss America prelims going on, there was no shortage of pretty girls coming into the restaurant. That doesn't have anything to do with the food but it added to the experience :). . The manager herself delivered our drinks, introduced herself, explained they had only been open 3 weeks and wanted to make sure everything was up to par.. . Our food was delivered by three servers. Each server took special care to place our orders so the BurGR logo on the plates was facing us. The burgers were on fancy squarish plates with wavy rims, the fries were delivered in huge cones with their respective sauces in holders on the base. The sweet potato fries came with extra powdered sugar in a shaker on the side.. . Presentation is key and the burger by itself sitting on that pretty white plate was certainly an "eat with your eyes" moment!. . I cut my burger in half and it was cooked medium rare exactly as ordered. The bun.... oh my goodness THE BUN! Nice fluffy brioche bun, buttery, crispy crust, light dusting of sesame seeds - I'd go back for that bun alone!. . The cheddar cheese was melted and oozing, lots of arugula added a nice crunch and the mango chutney was a perfect compliment.. . The sweet potato fries had a side of honey jalapeno mayo which I eventually dabbed onto a bit of burger just to see . . . . yep, that works too! It was sweet, not spicy and just delicious!. . Our guys proclaimed their burgers as "really good"  but they though the Just Fries were just that. Nothing spectacular and not that good. The Maui onion rings mostly went untouched. Not sure what was wrong with them but they weren't that good. Certainly not worth the $8.00 price tag. The accompanying chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch dip were both a bit too weird for our guys.. . So, at the end of the meal, the burger plates were cleaned completely, the sweet potato fries had just a few little pieces left, the Just Fries were almost completely gone and the Maui onion rings were 90 % still in their cone.. . Once our dinner plates were cleared, our server returned with the ipad and the dessert offerings. As much as I wanted a Toffee pudding push up pop, I was just too full. Next time, I promise.. . Our bill with 5 beers was about $110.00 before tip. The check or the (cheque) was presented in a black folder with an Apple ipod Touch inside. Once the check number was entered, the ipod offered a survey on the dining experience.. . One downside to the experience was the repeated visits (interruptions) by servers to check on us. Yes, I know this is a new place and they want to make sure all is going well but it isn't necessary to ask us 4 times if our burgers are okay. Please let us enjoy our meal.. . We left at about 8:30 pm and there was a line at the door waiting to be seated. Maybe earlier is better?. . All in all, I personally was thrilled and will go back again. My husband says while he enjoyed it, he still prefers Grind over on E Tropicana but he will surely join me on a return trip..
Literally the best burger I've had in Vegas. Patty was juicy and flavorful. You can add an extra patty on any burger for $7. Pricey, but well worth it. Honestly, $16 burgers are not too bad comparing to other burger places on the strip. Also had the vanilla powdered sugar sweet potato fries, which was awesome. Dessert came via sticky toffee pudding popsicles. Can be skipped, but wasn't too bad.
Location excellent! Food excellent! Service (Alex with the glasses) excellent! You couldn't ask for a better experience!!!
Live in Vegas and been to all the burger restaurants. This is the best. Tasty food and my picky wife loved the Ceasar Salad. Wait staff was terrific as was the manager Emily who took the time to ask us how everything was and to talk about Vegas restaurants. A must if your in Vegas.
I will not step foot back in a Red Robin, ever. The burgers at Burgr were FANTASTIC - and the waiter was uber-helpful and kind. Even gave me his pen! We went in because of the name but came out HUGE fans of the food and service at this new place in Vegas. We'll definately go back!
Love this place!!! First of all-the service is incredible. I've been 4 times now and the service is outstanding each time. The staff is very friendly and extremely knowledgable. The managers are phenomenal as well and are consistent with their table touches and genuine concern for your meal and service. . . I don't really eat meat, but they have great options for vegetarians and non vegetarians alike. I recommend the jalapeno poppers, soba noodle salad, and truffle fries!!!!!!!!!!!!! Everyone I know who has been there (and eats meat)  loves the Farm Burger!!. . A great place for tourists AND locals!
I am so confused by the comments that I have overheard from other patrons. Some girls were dressed up in their finest club wear, talking about how the food was good, but then said they should have gone to McDonald's... Wow! That is all I have to say about the complaints about this place.. . My experience was nothing but positive. My friend and I walked in without a reservation. The place was packed. The hostesses greeted us and told us it would be a ten minute wait. We barely got a chance to ask the bar for the drink menu before we got escorted to our table. On our way back the girl was engaging and sweet.. . Chelsie was our server for the night and she gave a great spiel. It was quick and concise without feeling like she was rushing to get somewhere else. She came by our table on several occasions to check on us. It was not invasive and her bubbly personality was refreshing. Her busperson was on the ball. I wish I caught his name, but he was meticulous about clearing our dirty plates away and refilling our waters. They actually replace each water glass instead of just bringing carafes or pitchers around. I felt bad for him because my friend and I are water guzzlers. They worked as a perfect team. . . Joanna, the manager, came by our table during our meal to check upon our satisfaction. We had nothing but positive things to say about our experience and she was definitely a part of that.. . The food: The Jalapeno Poppers were gigantic. Of course in a game of Russian roulette I would draw the one with the seeds in it on my first piece. It was not too hot and the ranch mellows it out. The Pork Belly Hot Dawg reminded me of a Vietnamese sub. It had pickled diakon, carrots, cucumbers, and edamame on it with a drizzle of sriracha mayo. It was difficult to eat until we started to cut it up like an open faced sandwich. The "dawg" was on the salty side, but every other aspect was enjoyable. The Chanterelle Burger was moist, tender, and melt in your mouth. The mushrooms had a nice texture. The onion jam was a nice take on the classic combination of onions and mushroom. It gave an overall sweetness to balance all of the savory components. As a side, the two of us share the Truffled Fries. The potatoes are cut into pieces that look like wood slabs. Enough surface space to catch the truffle oil. The parmesan cheese could have been spread out and melted a little. It just sat on the top in a clump like cotton candy.. . The drinks: The specialty cocktails did not look too appealing to us. They were geared towards the club crowd. Instead the 30 beers on tap are the way to go. If GR Pub aims for international selections than BurGR has premium domestics down. I was impressed with all the beers they had on tap. Arrogant Bastard is one of my favorite breweries. $7 for pint is not bad at all for the Strip. The only complaint about the night would be the delay in drinks. We were finished with our appetizers before our beer came.
LOVE this place.  The promotional materials say that BurGR "takes the traditional burger, fries and milkshake comfort food combination to an entirely new level," and that's not hyperbole.  We had the Uber Cheese Burger (3 kinds of cheese, fantastic gooey goodness), the Chicken Sliders (good sized, a little aggressively spiced) and the truffle fries (huge portion, more than enough for two to split).  Nothing disappointed, and it was enough food that we didn't finish the fries, despite our best efforts.. . Our servers were both terrific: Gianna, who my date described as "put-her-in-a-teacup-cute," and Alex, who knows his way around a beer list.  (On that note, the beer list here is not world-beating, but is passably broad and reasonably priced.)  The servers and host staff are decked out in form-fitting '60s-flight-attendant-inspired uniforms, which is a nice touch and good eye candy.. . Easily a level above Holstein's at the Cosmo.  I'll definitely be back.
okay 2nd trip to Vegas in 2 weeks, 2nd review for BURGR, Just as good if not better than the first time I went there, first day sat by the kitchen counter and got waiter Alex (with the glasses again), he remembered my name, what I had last time, knows the menu in and out and is a fun waiter as well, even introduced me to a couple of the managers that I didn't meet the first time i was there (sorry I didn't take my notes this time of ppls name's, but on my next visit I will, promise), the management their is top notch, very friendly, funny, great people person's, the food was amazing again, this time had (1st visit) Honey-Pig Bao Buns (roasted pork belly,cucumber,radish,cilantro,honey-hoisin sauce), they were great, perfect way to start out, I was with my 2 buddies this time so we split Kale Granny-Apple Caesar Salad (great salad), Truffle Parmesan Fries (they are great) and Sweet Potato Fries (these are the best fries anywhere and that dipping sauce rules) and then I got the Uber Cheese Burger (fontina cheese,reclettecheese,goat cheese), with the duck breast bacon added, that was a great start to my week of overeating happiness, (2nd visit) had the Blue Burger (maytag blue cheese, arugula) and Sweet Potato Fries (vanilla powdered sugar, honey jalapeno mayo, btw - that mayo is the bestest mayo ever!), perfect cure for my 13 hours of beer and Jager bombs hangover, lol (3rd visit) one of the hostess (cute blond, that should narrow it down), lol suggested I try the Britannia Burger (english sharp chedder,mango chutney,arugula) that was an amazing burger, its got a sweet taste from the mango chutney, liked it a lot, thanks, also had the Roasted Jalapeno Poppers (chedder bacon,chedder ranch dipping sauce) those things where awesome and come in their own little shot/dipping glass. Once again the food was amazing and even got a nice surprise from one of the managers, so thanks Darren or Benji or whoever the secret surpriser was. One thing that is really nice is the managers come by and say hi, ask how everything is, or in my case its "your back again already?" haha. .  btw - all of the hostesses, waitstaff, bussers, chefs are awesome, informative,friendly and fun, I will totally be back, (I'm going to be the first person to complete the entire menu) and I will be telling every one to try the place out too.. . Waitress Ginger was awesome and a cutie and the little hostess (i cant remember her name right now, but she has a  tattoo on her left upper arm (looks like a lotus flower) she is a perfect start to the eating experience, (great smile) . . And finally, not to be mean or make any one that wrote a review mad, I'm sorry if you had a bad experience, I would suggest trying it a second time, maybe even tell one of the managers that your first time wasn't the greatest, they will make sure it doesn't happen a 2nd time and for anyone complaining about the prices, its Vegas, everything is let's say Vegas priced, most things cost more, some things cost less than at home, helpful hint, join Total Rewards, the prices on the right of the menu are the discounted rate if your a TR member, show them your card each time you eat. Hope this was helpful - David Cagle
The only reason I'm giving it a 5 star rating instead of a 4 star rating is it's the best burger in Vegas. I had the duck bacon burger with cheddar cheese and egg on top. Also had the jalapeno poppers. Both tasted unbelievable. The burger was cooked to perfection not to mention the in housed made poppy seed bun. The duck bacon on top was amazing as well and wasn't gamy at all. The jalapeno poppers were not spicy at all except for one. Which you have to pick one and find out which one you got. If your looking for a really good burger in vegas this is it.
What an amazing burger experience!  We started with an appetizer - wings. Not just any wings! Wasabi-honey and fiery blue cheese....AMAZING!  Not too hot or spicy and very tasty!  Totally recommend. . . The burger was one of the best we have had....ever..... . Huge draft beer selection and amazing cocktails.  Will definitely eat here again!
Seriously wow. Was their 2 days ago and wow. Went in about 1230 pm and there was a wait. The lady whipped out her ipad and took our cell number and said wed receive a text when our table was ready.  Maybe just me being a goof but I thought it was super cool! Took about 25 minutes but was expected with the crowd so wandered the casino floor. When we were seated my mouth was watering looking at everyone's food. We sat down and the staff was super friendly. We ordered the onion rings to start and holy heck these were the BEST I've ever had. The crisp on the outside crumbled in my mouth as the onion only gave the slightest of resistance as i bit through it. Soooo good! The house ranch that came with was outstanding as well.  The burger, which was the farmhouse, was simply epic. Let me say this, cheeseburgers are my bliss. Every city I go to I look for an awesome burger place and have had more burgers then probably any other food and this was flat out the best. The meat was cooked to a perfect medium and the egg was fried perfectly! The duck belly bacon was awesome. The fries were good. Not mind blowing but when you have that burger it simply compliments it. Every time I hit vegas I will have to return here. Even my fiance' who is not a hardcore burger person absolutely loved and devoured her classic american hamburger. The place has a good modern hip feel to it. Highly recommend to ANYONE they have a pretty wide array of burger options nothing to crazy just good old burgers and add on's. Do yourself a favor and grab a burger.  The only draw back was due to the wait but was understandable with the crowd. So good!
Okay... je LOVE Gordon Ramsay BurGR. I didn't know that until right now, starting this review, but really, I loved it! THIS is the type of place I feel so comfortable in. Sitting up at the counter, watching the line-cooks and the chef run the pass, I'm totally entertained by this stuff. . . We were visiting Vegas for a little over a week and happened to be staying at Planet Hollywood. The restaurant had been open for just a little over a week at this point and one hungry night, we decided to pop in. They are open fairly late and the menu is quite enticing with full descriptions of each item. . . I ordered up the Chili Dawg along with the truffled fries and a beer. Our waiter immediately set up my expectations for the Dawg making sure I understood that his is not a hotdog doused in sauce, but a Dawg with chill is and other accouterments on top. Happily, I accepted the terms and out came a Dawg, much too long for its brioche bun, toppling with jalapenos, cheese, avocado, onion, and chipotle ketchup. It was delicious! Perfect!. . The truffle fries were less of a success for me. I think possibly I am spoiled by those truffle fries from Sonzies? The fries were nice and crispy, but they just didn't kick like I would have liked, I can't even put my finger on what was missing. . . So basically, I went to a burger joint and had a hotdog! Yup, and I loved it!
Is it possible for one of my favorite Burger restaurants to get better? Why yes it is!.  . I've been back at least 3-4 times since my initial amazing review and a recent experience gave me no choice but to update my review. I ordered a burger medium rare bordering on rare and when I bit into my burger it was clearly well done bordering on overcooked. Before I could open my mouth to say anything the chef took one look at my burger and took the plate away. He then apologized for the burger being overcooked and offered me a free side of fries or onion rings. He didn't need to do that but the attention to customer service is a huge plus for me. Oh yeah, and don't forget about Burgers and Boners!
Oh Gordon hit a winner with this one and in Las Vegas no less? To keep it themed I only yell JACKPOT!. . This by far is holding the best burger establishment in Vegas at this point. I was disappointed with burger bar in my previous reviews as the quality of the food doesn't stack up, Holsteins which is average except no wow factor. BurGR will blow your mind away!. . I started with the jalapeno poppers and I did think coming shot glass style in dipping sauce was true Vegas style yet creative none the less. They were light tasting breading wise and it was filled with cheese and bacon. C'mon, need I say more about that combo?. . Main course consisted of the parmesan fries which held heat very well through the whole meal. I think there is a secret hidden in the paper wrapping it was delivered in, but 5 stars all the way for these and well portioned as well (definitely sharing quantity). I partnered that with the farmer burger which ordered medium rare MELTED in my mouth (THANK YOU FOR COOKING A BURGER PROPER) and the egg/cheese just worked so well in unison it made me tear up. My wife giggled at the noises I was making which hey I was in heaven with that plate of mine. . . Next time I will try to leave room for dessert as if the above was any indication of what to come I'll risk losing my socks for some dessert as well. *SIGH* Can't wait to be back ordering here again!!
This place is amazing! By far, the best burger I have ever eaten. We started with the jalapeno poppers which took the normal bar food up a notch. The dipping cream was delicious and they have a secret extra-spicy popper in the mix that you don't know about. I was the lucky (or unlucky) eater the the extra spicy one! Very good! The buger I got had a fried egg and bacon on it, what else could I want. It was cooked perfectly and delicious. My boyfriend had a spicy burger (I forget exactly what it was called). He liked it but wished it was more spicy but I just think he was annoyed that he didn't get the spicy jalapeno popper! The highlight of the meal for me were the sweet potato fries. They were out of this world! They had this delicious vanilla spice on them and the dipping sauce was amazing. The drinks were also delicious. Service was excellent and out waiter was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. I want to go back and try one of the desserts. This was by far the best meal I had in Las Vegas. I can't wait to go back!
One of the best burgers I've ever had ("Euro burger").  If you like blue cheese, the Euro burger was absolutely fantastic.  We split a Euro burger and  a "Three-cheese burger" so we could try a bit of each and the three-cheese was great too, but  I'd go with the Euro overall.  We also split an order of the yam fries, which came with powdered sugar and a honey-jalapeno dipping sauce that was quite tasty  (the order is huge, soyou'll want to split it). . .  I had the caramel pudding chocolate shake for dessert and it was very unique.  Thick caramel pudding on top and chocolate shake all the way down.  I thought it was very good.. . We would definitely come back here any time we are in Vegas.  Loved it.
I checked out this gourmet burger place while I was in Vegas.  Went in for lunch around Noon on a Saturday and the place was *packed*.  40 minute wait for lunch.  I snagged a seat at the bar and avoided the wait.  Service was a little slow, but it was really crowded, so I'll give them a free pass.. . Probably should take off  half a star because it was a little hard to eat lunch when every 5 minutes someone would shove their way up to the crowded bar and order a beer.  The bartenders should really try to guide the beer ordering masses to a spot along the bar where they won't be jammed between two people trying to enjoy lunch whilst saying things like "Tell me about a craft beer on tap that is *different*". . I had the Uber Cheeseburger and fries.  Burger was perfect in every sense of the word.  The fries were some of the best I've ever had; crispy on the outside, tender on the inside and perfectly salted.  They serve two different types of house-made ketchup, I didn't care for the Curry Ketchup.. . If you are in Vegas, definitely give this place a try if you are in the mood for a burger.  It's in the Planet Hollywood hotel, right off of the casino floor towards the doors that open onto the strip.
Simply excellent!  Had the wings - great!  Also had the Hell's Kitchen burgr ... Fantastic!!  Juicy, perfectly cooked... And I highly recommend the onion rings.  I didn't have anything I didn't like.   And if you don't want to wait in line...there is plenty if room at the bar for quick seating.  Service was great - thanks Wendy!
I was so excited to go to this place and boy did it not disappoint! Hummus was delicious and their fun twist on the jalapeno poppers was cool (and freaking awesome).  I had the blue burger and it was perfectly cooked! Onion rings were the best I have had! I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here!!! . . The service was great too!!!!
I came here before Christmas in Dec 2012. I've never been disappointed at the food in Las Vegas. I had the avocado burger and it was probably one of the best I've tasted in recent memory. The decor was trendy and immaculate. The area had a great vibe. The wait staff was extremely attentive, accommodating, and easy on the eyes. The food was not overly expensive for what you're getting.. . We sat next to the management staff during our meal. I overheard their conversations and they take Yelp reviews very seriously. I appreciate their constant drive for improvement.. . Overall, it was an excellent dining experience.
I absolutely loved my visit here. . My husband and I stopped here before heading to check out the Goretorium. The atmosphere is pretty decent. It's open to the casino so it's a bit loud but the seating and table were comfortable. Service was super friendly. Very informative, helpful, chatty. The manager even stopped by atone point which I always find to be a nice touch.. Now the food. Best burger I have had in Vegas! We both ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger with jalapeno pepper and avocado. It was perfectly cooked, great size. The flavors were awesome. We also had the truffle fries, well worth it. Even the ketchup was flavorful.  We had the pork belly appetizer to split. I loved the sauce on it.. Price was a bit high for lunch, I'd say $$$ not $$ but that was mainly because we ordered the fries and an appetizer. For just a burger it wouldn't be bad and they were plenty big enough to fill you up. But who can skip fries? The beer selection is also pretty good. 30 beers on tap.
Wow! We had the Hell's Kitchen Burger & Sweet Potato Fries, American Burger & Truffle Fries.  If you eat nothing else for the rest of your life make it the Sweet Potato Fries.
A few words to sum up my 5 star review of BurGR: MY BOYFRIEND CRIED TEARS OF JOY. SERIOUSLY.. . Get the Hell's Kitchen burger (INCREDIBLE oven roasted tomato and jalapeno slices, tons of avocado, and asadero cheese melted on and around the edges of the meat) and truffle parmesan fries. We both got the same burger and shared the fries, and agreed by the first few bites that this was hands down the best burger and fries of our lives. We couldn't express enough gratitude to our server or the co-owner of the restaurant, who was personally going around making sure that every table was satisfied. We went a second time during our 4 day Vegas trip (that's how you know it's good) and we got the same awesome meal and treatment.. . Perfect service, perfect food. I can't wait to go back!!
Ok, I get giddy just thinking about the food I had here. . . When having "the best burger you've ever had in your entire life" you reach a point of taste bud nirvana you dream about for days to come. Sound familiar? So take that experience and now multiply it by 3. That was my experience here. . . Gordon Ramsay is crazy on Hell's Kitchen, but if that translates to crazy good food I'm all for it. Every single item on the burger is art. The bun itself is a taste experience. The burger meat is high quality perfection. We also ordered the truffle parmesan fries with aioli sauce and housemade ketchup on the side. Again, MIND-BLOWING. . . Finally we had the last item which put us in a food coma we didn't get out of until the next day. Shake #5: chocolate and hazelnut pudding, coffee shake, and topped with a praline cookie. . Best burger, fries, and milkshake I ever had in my life. Document it.
I have nothing bad to say about this place and I honestly can't wait to go back.  I went with the standard 'American' Burger and it was tremendous.  Great beef, cooked perfectly, and seasoned plenty.  In Vegas, a lot of people will argue that most if not all restaurants are overpriced, but I really don't have a problem paying $15 or so for a burger when it tastes like this.  Between here and the Pub and Grill, Gordon Ramsay is killing it right now.  I can't wait to hit up Gordon Ramsay Steak at the Paris.. . On top of the burger we also order the onion rings and chicken sliders as an appetizers and both were phenom.  I wish the chicken slider came in a full sized burger portion, because it would make for a great entree.  The ranch here is also amazing, and nothing beats quality ranch.
WOW!! SO UNBELIEVABLE! I've ordered a handful of burgers my 30 years of living and this has to be the BEST burger ever! I ordered a Farm Burger which had a fried egg! The bun was so soft and the sesame seeds made it look amazing!! I ordered it Medium and it was perfect! My fiance ordered the American burger. He loved it. I enjoyed my burger so much that I didn't realize I finished before my fiance did!! YUM!!. . The onion rings were good, I would recommend them a little more crispy, and the truffle fries were awesome as well.. . Karlenda was our waitress and she was so sweet and patient with us. I would definately come back here during my next visit to Vegas. The food, the service, and the atmosphere definitley made our eating experience quite enjoyable!! . . I wouldn't recommend this place if you are super duper hungry. The wait could be almost a 2 hour wait, but I believe it's so worth it!! Long wait means GREAT FOOD!
Amazing service,  food was great! Truffle fries a little salty but other then that well worth it. We started with beer battered onion rings light and crispy with a cheddar ranch dipping sauce. ...WOW. We then shared apple Caesar  salad tart , savory,  and a hint of sweet with the apple. Had a few truffle fries, bit to salty for me, the manager came over and asked if we would like new ones,  he was kind and thoughtful.  Then the burgers!  Mouth watering, and delicious I had the signature Hells Kitchen with jalapeno, avocado, roasted tomatoes and cheese.  With every bite I didn't want it to end. My hubby had the Farm burger that had egg on it, look amazing.  The shakes were ok but I have had better.  Our server was friendly and knowledgeable of the whole menu. Gordon has done it again and we will definitely be going back.
We decided to try this gourmet burger place at Planet Hollywood for lunch on a Monday and to say we were pleased was an understatement.. . The location is not far from the valet and easy enough to find. There was a small wait to get seated, which on a Monday afternoon was a good first sign. The space was large with plenty of table and lots of trendy colors. The staff was attractive and very welcoming.  The table set up and quality of the silverware made me forget this was a burger place and not a nicer steakhouse. . . The drink menu was displayed on an interactive iPad left by our server. You basically click a tab and tap the drink and you get a full description. Every milkshake had a specialty pudding and cookie; making them more of a dessert than a drink but definitely worth trying. I was a little disappointed with the lack of options but we had the banana shake and it was fantastic. . . For appetizers we had the jalapeno poppers and onion rings. The onion rings were beer battered and very light. I didn't love them but the rest of the group was impressed. However the poppers were excellent! Presented in individual serving glasses with dipping sauce they were full of flavor and one had an extra kick because the chef leaves the seeds in it as a surprise.  We were very impressed with this presentation and preparation.. . I had the farm burger with bacon and a fried egg and we decided to share the Tuscan fries. My burger literally bursts in my mouth. The egg exploded over the rest of the burger on the first bite making it a fantastically flavored burger. And the burger's preparation was very unique, perfectly charred on the outside with the perfect amount of pink in the middle. . . Overall food wise this place was a hit and for the price of about $30 per person it's perfectly in line with the other gourmet burger places in town. . . Luckily, the food was NOT the best part of this experience. The staff really steals the show. Not only are they all young trendy and beautiful but very knowledgable about their product. Our glasses were never empty. We never had to ask for anything and always felt taken care of.. . The management just "gets it". The manager came over to check on us a few times, despite them being busy.  She took the time to explain how the state of the art grill works and asked us about things they can do better.  When I mentioned we have eaten at some of the other similar places in town, she wanted to know how they compared. I trust it wasn't pandering as she spent a great deal of time with us and seemed genuinely interested in our opinions.  . . The manager and the staff made us want to come back and established a new go to place to bring out of town guests for a delicious burger experience. . . Highly Recommended!!!
Absolutely amazing burger place! This totally takes Holsteins out of my list of favorite burger places.. . appetizers: caesar salad and onion rings. I'm lactose intolerant so I had to scrape some of the cheese off of both but they were still delicious! . . burGR: the "Hell's Kitchen". Definitely the best burger I've had in a while! It had roasted jalapenos and tomatoes, avocado and asadero cheese. Highlight of the night! And of course you can't have a burger without the fries. The fries were delicious but what made it so great was the chipotle ketchup! OH EM GEE!!!!!!. . Awesome side note - they have AT LEAST 8 TV'S THERE!!!! GOOD LAWD!!!!!!! You can watch the basketball game, news, American Idol, ANYTHING and ALL AT ONCE! I don't know why people would want to leave hahaha! . Hands down best burger spot in Vegas!
This was great burger place!  Loved the Hell's Kitchen Burger!
1. Gordon Ramsay is my favorite celebrity chef.. 2. Eat with confidence that the kitchen is spotless.. 3. The shakes are absolutely delicious.. 4. The burgers are cooked perfectly. 5. Expect me to eat there again.
Literally the best burger I have had in my life. I had the Farm Burger. Amazing. I also had truffle parm fries and they were stupid good too. I highly recommend this place. Compared to most Vegas restaurants, it's reasonably priced, the service was great, and the food is amazing. I'll be back
Artisanal Burgr and jalapeno poppers...Great.
I am not one to write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so after visiting the exceptional BurGR by Ramsay. First thing to note is that this was my Bachelor Party weekend, and the whole goal was to have fun and eat good food. Mission accomplished. After spending a few hours trying to decide what I wanted my "fancy" meal to be for the trip, I said we should at least check BurGR out before going to the hundreds of overpriced restaurants on the strip. Needless to say after spending approximately 10 seconds reviewing the menu, I decided we had to go there. Now keep in mind, I AM a foodie, I just keep to myself about it usually. Also to note, despite the fact it was my Bachelor Party, I had no drinks before getting to BurGR. I ended up ordering 3 appetizers, had allof my guys choose different burgers and hot dogs so I could try them all, had 2 mixed drinks and a couple desserts. Every bite I took only got me more excited for the next (the jalapeno poppers and strawberry milkshake being my favorite). If you want an explosion of perfectly blended flavored they have it. If you want just good seasoned, fresh (hopefully) food, they have it. On top of having a small stellar menu, the staff is amazing! They have legitimate knowledge of the menu and make relevant suggestions. Overly impressed. The atmosphere is fun and inviting, the staff looks like they enjoy themselves, the food is better than most $200-$300 meals I have had in the past, and you leave saying I can't wait to come back. I was hoping I could contact Ramsay personally through email to tell him the amazing experience I had, and how much it enhanced the trip, but alas I could not figure it out. So here lies my thank you. Thank you for stepping up the restaurant game, and thank you for putting the cherry on top of my Bachelor Party. I sincerely mean every word. For all who read this novel of a review, trust this is a place you can count on to hit every correct note.
Holy hell this place was awesome. New(er) burger place in Planet Hollywood and I'm glad I found it. I ordered the Britainna burger (or however they spell it) and it was awesome. Very juicy and it had a sweet flavor which I loved. The sweet potato fries were also really good and I liked the vanilla powder they give you to sprinkle on them (just do it, it is amazing). They even make their own ketchup which they call ye signature curry ketchup. I wish I could buy that stuff by the bottle. The place was a bit pricey but you've got to expect that in Vegas.
Service was excellent. Pricey, burger was basically as much as a steak at some places, but with Ramsay's name attached I went in expecting that. Saying that, I had the Bleu cheese burger which was amazing. The onion rings though were hands down the star of the show, they were delicious. Nice beer selection also.
My husband and I have been here at least 6 times and we addicted! The specialty drinks that they have are super. The antioxidant drink is my fav. We ALWAYS get the Hot Wings and Jalapeno poppers. They are incredibly unique and probably some of the best appetizers I've ever had. The Wings are your traditional hot buffalo wings and the other half are a mild wasabi flavor. I am NOT a wasabi fan...but this is just delicious! The poppers...oh the poppers! We seriously fight over who's gonna get the last one because they are so good! The Burgr's are delicious and have a Gordon Ramsey flare to them...super yum! My mouth is watering as I write this! They also have amazing milk shakes that are big enough to share! Definitely go here, you won't regret it!
Hands down best burger I've ever had. The meat is cooked over applewood and you can taste the difference in the burger. . . I ordered the char siu burger and the bf ordered the farm burger. They were both impeccable. He even said it was the best burger he ever had. The service was also phenomenal. Our waiter checked in on us at least 4-5 times within the hour we were there, and it was not overburdening. . . The burgers are about $12-15 each, but well worth it. Also, it's on the strip so everything is more pricey!
BurgGR is an awesome new addition to the casino floor of Planet Hollywood hotel, and adds to the trendy, fun atmosphere of PH.. . My boyfriend and I had seen the long lines outside BurGR the day before and decided to check it out the next day. We went for a late lunch, so there was no wait, but was still pretty busy inside. . . The menu is a neat little glossy paper menu that folds out.  Their drink list is presented on an iPad, where you can view all the drinks and their ingredients. All of the drinks looked super delicious, and we ordered 2 from the iPad list. They looked exactly how they looked on the screen, and tasted just as great!. . For an appetizer, we ordered the Kung Pao Buns.  These were absolutely perfect.  The bread was amazingly delicate and the pork belly melted in your mouth. . For our main, we ordered the Artesian (basically an italian hoagie on a burger); a a burger with blue cheese; (I forget the name), and onion rings.  . . Let's just say that we had been eager to try each other's burgers, but since we were so busy devouring our own, we forgot to ask each other and by the time we remembered this we both only had a single bite left, and hell if we were gonna give away that last bite!. . The onion rings were sooo good as well. They weren't greasy like most, but rather light and crispy. They could have almost fooled you as healthy haha.. . When you pay the bill, they give you a little iPod in the checkbook where they ask you to fill out some questions - a neat little feature that I had never seen before.. . Lastly, our server Alex was awesome. Super knowledgeable, provided great service, and was a fun guy to get to know a little for an hour.. . Well done Gordon Ramsey! Can't wait to be back. (and contrary to popular belief, you don't make your tables too small :) )
Ok, Be prepared to spend big money on a burger, averaging at $15/burger sides not included...but also be prepared for one of the best burgers you've ever had!. . I went with a friend who is a beer and burger fanatic so we were both pumped as two Gordon Ramsay fan club northerners raised on meat and potatoes can get. . We decided to start off with the jalapeno poppers and not the "just fries but the delux truffle/parmesan fries (cause hey, you're at a GORDON RAMSAY restaurant. this is no time to hold back)   . The Fries were incredible, truffle flavor saturating each bite, the delightful fluffy parmesan, two dips, a creamy dip and a spicy ketchup dip,  the cooked to perfection crispy on the outside, soft and warm on the inside, salted to perfection melt in your mouth experience that has me drooling on the keyboard as I type.  Then there were the poppers.  6 massive poppers, that are more like the size of chicken fingers arrive each in their own dipping sauce contained shot glass all in a row. The presentation is beautiful and exciting, because one of these delicious bad boys is extra spicy! its like a russian roulette where everybody wins!  I love that you don't have to be hung up on double dipping protocol either. there is plenty of individually portioned dip per poppper.   Appetizers perfect. on to main course. . . We each ordered a burger and shared because it was so hard to pick! Cheeses I'd never even heard of! exotic ingredients, each one had me salivating with each syllable.  . My friend ordered the Char Siu Burger cooked medium. This burger had Pork Belly, Honey-Hoisin Sauce, radish, cilantro and cucumber.  This was the one I wanted to pick, so hastily I chose the Euro Burger which had Truffle Aioli, goat cheese, arugula and oven roasted tomato. . I bit into my burger first and for 10 minutes it was the best burger I'd ever had... then I bit into the char-siu. I swear I had one of those ratatouille moments, except there were no childhood memories to rush back to... I simply was taken somewhere, a  journey that started in my mouth and went straight into my soul. The balance of flavors, textures, aromas, everything was a symphony that frankly got me a little choked up. There was mist in my eyes folks. . . For desert we ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding Push up pops. It was between that or a milkshake.  Wish Id gone with a milkshake. The pops were ok, it was very fun and a cool idea but i just wasn't blown away. it paled in comparison to the appetizers and main course.   . . If I were to have a suggestion for Gordon Ramsays Restaurant, it would be maybe to expand the deserts a little bit. Sticking with your diner fare, maybe offer your twist on a classic american pie a la mode?  a cobbler or maybe something english? . . Otherwise I had an amazing time and I can't wait to go back and try another burger off the menu.  I've got my eye on the Britannia, the Artisinal and the Farm. . . This restaurant is going to be my undoing.
My husband and I went twice to eat here and for sure will be back soon!. . We loved everything we had and were very impressed with the delicious food and fabulous service. Which means even more knowing that my hubby is a chef as well as trained in restaurant management.. . It is absolutely worth every penny!
I came here in December a few days after it opened and  all I can say is that this is the only reason why I want to go back to Las Vegas! The jalepeno peppers were spicy (in a good way) and the truffle fries are crispy. If you're a fan of goat cheese, I recommend the Euro Burger. The service was excellent and even though the location is random, I really do like the environment. . . I am totally craving their Euro Burger!
"Another burger place" was what I was thinking before going to BurGR.  Nowadays, everywhere you go there is a "gourmet" burger.  But, this place is different.  Just from walking in, there is a warmth here.  I couldn't help but watch the staff, and how friendly everyone was.  This is for sure a rareity recently in Vegas, as everyone only seems out for a tip.  I have to mention my server (Karlenda) by name, because I was FLOORED by her.  If I was opening a place tomorrow, I would be trying to steal her away.  Not only was she personable, but she had a perfect knowledge of the menu, and knew every question we could throw at her.  She seemed honestly happy to be there, and to be working.  She made the experience shine before we even got the food.  As for the food, we started with the chicken and soba noodle salad, which was so good we were fighting over the last bite as they were trying to clear the plate.  The thing that impressed me the most was the range of burgers.  Of course, there is the "boring-middle-of-the-road" plain burger (which I have nothing against, but I want adventure when I have a burger out somewhere.  So many of the burgers sound good, but I could not stop wondering about the burger with the mango chutney, and so I had to order it.  We also had the spicy hot dog and goat cheese burger at the table as well.  All I can say about the burgers is that there was not a bite left on the table.  They were AMAZING.  I couldn't believe I enjoyed them so much.  As for the hot dog, I am not normally a hot dog person, but it was spicy, delicious, I couldn't believe it.  I had under-estimated this place assuming it was going to be ok food relying on a celebrity name (which happens, sadly).  For dessert I had the banana shake with butterscotch pudding on top.  I let my friends at the table have ONE SMALL SIP, and the rest was mine.  This meal was not only great, but one amazing exprience I can't stop telling people about.  I can't stop thinking about those burgers, and I am looking forward to heading back over there soon!
I was skeptical about a celebrity chef take on a burger joint, but it was adjacent to our hotel so we decided to give it a go. I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. BurGR serves up delicious-- you guessed it-- burgers that are fresh, well-cooked, and smothered in tasty toppings. You can't go wrong with the truffle parmesan fries or onion rings. Both come with homemade condiments (truffle aioli-- get in my belly!!) in a cone that could feed at least 2-3 people. . . The one downside-- nothing makes me hungry LESS than seeing buttcheeks peaking out of the server's uniforms. I get it, we are in Vegas. Let's be trendy. Let's not put nice young ladies in teeny tiny Jetson-style dresses that barely cover their rump roasts (OH BEEF PUNS!)
Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Really hard to form words about this place.. . During my convention stay for 4 nights, we ate here 3 times. These are the best burgers I've eaten in my life. Until now, that title belonged to a very stuck-away place in Puerto Rico on the beach... Strange but true!. . All of the food's presentations are gorgeous. The truffle fries are unlike anything I've had before (sure, you can find garlic fries, etc. - but this was a new taste).. . I ate the same thing every time (okay, I'm a big "find-something-you-like-and-stick-with-it person") - guacamole spicy burger (sorry, can't remember the name).. . The price isn't cheap for burgers, but what is in Vegas? I've never had the pleasure of eating here until this trip, but I will be returning as often as possible, that's for sure!
Had an incredible lunch here. Had the American and the Brittania Burgers.   Brittania Burger was by far the winner.  Incredible taste and combo of sweet/savory.  The Maui onion rings were on par too.  Loved the chipotle mayo and cheddar ranch.  Our server was absolutely top notch.  Though it took our food a little while to get to table, she checked in, made small talk, and helped the time pass so nicely, we barely noticed.  Highly recommend this.
Fantastic burgers!  We ordered the jalapeno poppers for an appetizer which was awesome!   A must try!  We ordered 3 different burgers and split an order of truffle fries and sweet potatoes fries.  The burgers were excellent, especially the farm burger. The duck breast bacon on the farm burger was the best bacon I've ever had!   So here's the price, we had jalapeno poppers, 3 burgers,  2 order of fries, a coke and 2 waters.  The total was $77 before gratuity.   Its expensive for a burger joint but worth it.  The quality makes up for the price. A must try atleast once! And the waitresses an hostess were dressed quite nice!!
I hope you're happy now Gordon Ramsey. I've completed the trifecta of being to all 3 of your incarnations in Las Vegas now.. BurGR is located inside Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. Those of you who have read my PH reviews will know unless you're staying at this hotel or very near walking distance-wise, it's not the greatest spot in terms of ease of accessibility. I will note this is the first good valet experience even if it is on the third try.. The decor seemed trendy & chic yet it still felt casual. I found the place thanks to two large screen TV's bearing the restaurant's name & emblem. There were also numerous TV's throughout the place showing various sporting events.. Place was crazy packed, wait time was 45min-1hr! Fortunately my sister and I didn't have to wait. I did ask the hostess if this was a normal lunch hour and she said yes, it's like this pretty much all day except for a few hours between lunch & dinner. That's pretty long to wait but on the other hand it's probably a good sign if it's always that busy. Reservations are recommended.. We came for Restaurant Week but it didn't stop my sister from sampling the Gin Green Tea and from I trying shake #3. Banana shake with top 1/3 being butterscotch pudding and a dollop of whipped cream to top it all off. Pretty rich and creamy, big chunks of banana still floating through the thickness of the shake.. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger(asadero cheese, jalapenos, avocado & tomato) & she had the Euro burger(truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula & tomato). We also had an order of the truffle fries w/ house made ketchup & truffle aioli and the beer battered sweet maui onion rings w/ chipotle ketchup & cheddar ranch. Not to mention the sticky toffee pudding push pops to finish the meal. It was all so good but I was ready to fall over from being so full at the end.. Our waitress was very nice & attentive. There was a few close water refill 'emergencies' but it didn't last long LOL. She told us the menus, which were double folded with a round cutout at the bottom center so it would stand up and accomodate the napkin/utensil wrap through it, could be taken for souvenirs if we so chose. Same for the expended plastic push pops(dunno if it matters but my sister noticed were made in Italy).. For $20 Restaurant Week it was a great deal since the burger & fries were already around $25, then the dessert to boot. Out of the 3 GR spots I'd probably choose this place to dine at more often if I HAD to go again hehe. It's just more my style, but that's just me. Not to say anything was really bad at his other two places aside from the prices. I give this place a solid 4.5 stars but gave it the benefit and bumped it to 5 since theres no half-star option. Can't really penalize Ramsey for PH having such bad accessibilty.
Great burgers & fries. Make sure you go early or you will be waiting
So good.. . The restaurant is really nice and modern, and the staff is friendly and attentive. We tried the five spice chicken sliders as an appetizer - delicious! I thought the Sriracha mayo would make them really spicy, but it was a nice balance of Sriracha flavor without tons of heat.. . The Hell's Kitchen burger is sooo good. The bun is toasted well, the meat is cooked to perfect, and the toppings are great. The American burger was also really good - simple and delicious.. . The fries are nice and thick, crispy, and yummy. They're served with chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup - fantastic! The curry ketchup is so delicious. I could eat it in place of regular ketchup forever.. . I would definitively recommend going. I will be back!
My friends and I joked that this meal changed our lives but I might just be serious. . . Honestly, BEST MEAL I HAVE EVER HAD! And I don't even like red meat. I also highly recommend the Parmesan Truffle Fries.
BurGR is open late on Friday and Saturday nights. Unfortunately they do NOT allow reservations. So you have to wait if you want lunch or dinner at a traditional lunch/dinner time. I went there at around 12am at night, so there was pretty much no wait. We were seated almost immediately. Here's what is so wonderful about this restaurant that made me give it a 5:. . 1) Service -  The service here was SPOT ON. Our server was extremely friendly. He came by pretty much a couple of minutes after we got seated (I was too busy looking at the surroundings to be impatient too), and gave us an iPad to take a look at the drinks menu (pretty darn cool). He told us straight out that they were a little busy and that it might take him a little longer to get around to us. Just the fact that he told us that was a +1 in my book. Plus, he didn't actually take that long to get to us. The time in between him poppingin our table to get the drinks order and to get the food order was perfect in my mind. We didn't feel rushed, and we didn't feel like it was too slow. It was great that when he served the food, he even told us what was the ingredients in each dish. It was also AMAZING that he didn't drop by too many times to ask how we were "doing" with the food. Another thing we noticed was that he never asked if we wanted more water, he just notices it and brings us a new cup of water (yes a new cup, not come by and refill the cup) without disrupting our conversation. Another +1 in my book.. . I saw a couple of reviews where people complained about the girls in the front gossiping and talking amongst themselves. I have to admit that that part is a bit true. The girls who are seating you stood in the front in a group of two to three sometimes, and they were just talking with each other. HOWEVER, what differed in my experience was that though they were talking to each other, once I walked by the front desk to ask them where the restrooms are (they are right across the restaurant by the way, I was so dumb), they immediately snapped their attention to me and did not continue talking to each other until they've answered my question. I didn't feel like I needed to stand there and wait for them to finish talking or anything. They immediately noticed me and answered my dumb question.. . 2) Food - For a burger place, the food was pretty darn amazing. We got the five spice chicken sliders for appetizers and that was, I think, the greatest part about my meal. The chicken was PERFECTLY juicy and friend/cooked SO crispily. The five spices that were in the sliders were not overwhelming nor was it underwhelming. The sliders were not too salty, and it had just the right amount of creamy flavor. I loved it!. . I got the Apple Cider drink that was recommended to us. It was made very well, and had very little hints of alcohol/beer in it. My partner and I are not a big fan of beer, yet we were able to stomach this very well because it tasted just like apple cider without the alcohol!. . The truffle fries were amazing. It was not overly salty and it had a great balance of flavor. My taste buds are generally very sensitive to salt since I cook with very little salt and oil. Here, I did not feel that any of the food was overly salty at all.. . For entrees we got the Hell's Kitchen burger and the Char Siu Burger. I thought the Hell's Kitchen burger was a bit better/unique than the Char Siu Burger. The Hell's Kitchen burger was great with the japaleno kick, and it was not super spicy at all. The Char Siu burger was a bit sweet, which was what added the edge to this burger. Both were very well made, to our specifications (medium rare). The buns are made in house and it was the right amount of fluffy and crispness. Also, during this whole meal we did not feel heavy at all, which was really amazing because many burger joints are very heavy. We felt full, but not bursting with oily/salty heaviness after the meal.. . . - - - - -. . All in all, we felt that this place was a great value (it's not even THAT expensive) and the service was great, as was the food. I'd definitely visit again!
I am obsessed with this place. I'm a vegetarian so that is really saying something.. . We waited for awhile but they have a great beer selection so we didn't mind.. . The service at the bar and at our table was outstanding. Everyone was incredibly friendly.. . We tried the spicy margarita with the jalapeno infused tequila and it was amazing!!. . I ordered the earth burger which is a burger with a portabella mushroom instead of meat and the waitress told me she could so any other burgers on the menu with mushroom instead. I went for one with roasted jalapenos, the "burger" was unbelievable.  We also had the truffle fries and the onion rings. Everything was outstanding.. . I went back two days later and had lunch at the bar because it was so delicious. . . If you are in the Vegas area, this place is definitely one to check out!!
Outstanding is about all I can say. Farm Burger and Blue Burger cooked to perfection. The flavors all complimented each other. Sweet Potato Fries with the vanilla powdered sugar was very good as well. Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings tasted great and the dipping sauces were outstanding. This guy knows what he is doing. Staff and the overall restaurant where great as well.
Onion rings were awesome!  Peanut Butter shake was decadent.  Burgers were amazing with excellent flavor and ingredient combination.  Service was good and the place was busy so there was a bit of a wait.  Waitress outfits were skimpy and G.R. did a great job designing the restaurant, food and experience.
A 5 Star Gourmet Burger all the way! I had the Sweet Potato Fries and they were great. My husband raved about the Jalapeno poppers. Of course we had the sticky toffee pudding pops for dessert\ and they did not disappoint!. . Cons: There will most likely be a wait if you go during your average lunch/dinner time so plan for that, there is first come/first serve seating at the bar area.. . Overall great place to dine!
I came here with my family for a total of five people. We had a bit of a wait but the host was professional and nice and sat us as soon as she could. The food was amazing and they have a really fun beer menu too, oh and pudding shakes! . We started off with the jalapeno poppers which are served with one popper containing seeds so its a bit of a roulette. They were fun and were super tasty. My burger was the Farm burger with duck breast bacon and a fried egg. It is just as amazing as it sounds, perfectly fried egg (a little goopy yolk), cooked perfect medium...highly recommended. We tried the three different types of fries, loved the truffle fries and really enjoyed the curry ketchup with the "just fries". . The service was exceptional we had Dorota and Chad and they were genuinely personable and attentive. Emily the manager was equally attentive and friendly. We are defcoming back...theres 4 more puddig shakes i need to try after all:) BurGR captures what Chef Ramsay is known for, great food with great service.
Great burgers, good service, my waiter was alex with the glasses, he was wonderful I recommend it to everyone especially if you love burgers!
This is our second time coming here in two days and there is a wait time but our waiter (Garret) and food (Hells Kitchen Burger) was phenomenal! I highly recommend this to anyone who is coming to Vegas!
Happy Easter to me!  After 40 days of no meat, I got to break the fast in style.  Francisco A., Kevin Y., Mrs. Y., and I showed up here about ten minutes before the place opened at 11:00am and there was a line that had formed already, but this is a large restaurant so we were seated by 11:10am.  There are flat screens everywhere for sports fans, but we had to ask a few times to have the channel changed to the NCAA game on some of the screens facing us; the guys were getting antsy when they couldn't see the action.  Our waitress was very attentive and helpful with the menu since it was the first time there for all of us.  Between the four of us, we had a nice sample of the menu:. . Honey Pig Bao (2 orders -4 bao total). Maui Onion Rings. Sweet Potato Fries. Chanterelle Burger for me. Bleu Burger for Kevin. Standard Burger for Mrs. Y. (I don't know the official name of her burger). Farm Burger for Francisco. Push-Up Pops. Iced Tea x3 and water . = $120.00, approx.. . Everything was delicious and we all enjoyed our food--simple as that.. The best sweet potato fries I've had, with some kind of vanilla sprinkles on top. . The onion rings were delicious, as well, with a shredded cheese, maybe Parmesan?. The bao were tasty and fresh.. Kevin and I halved our burgers so we could try each other's--I liked his bleu cheese burger, but the cheese was a little strong for my taste.  I loved my burger, with chanterelle mushrooms, arugula, and a yummy fig paste.. . Service was consistent throughout the meal.  Our glasses were constantly changed out for refills; Cisco remarked that they must wash glasses non-stop there.  I noticed that the manager was also bringing food to other tables and it must bea trademark because he showed up at our table with our dessert.  Our bill came with a survey to fill out and one of the questions asked if the manager made contact; he sure did!  . After not having meat for Lent, I knew I wanted to go someplace special for the first meal back as a carnivore.  Gordon Ramsay BurGR was the perfect place to have that experience.
Our new favorite place!  Sat at the bar twice and received out of this world service from John and also Mark!  A big thank you to both of them!  The hamburger is quite tasty, however, the hot dog is even better!  Who would think?  The rolls are made right there, with black and white sesame seeds.  Hot dogs are sauteed, steamed and then grilled over apple wood chips.  The hummus is the best I have ever had accompanied by the most delicious fresh veggies (radishes, scallions and carrots).  I had to ask for extra the second visit!  The shakes are good, but filling, as there is a layer of pudding in the shakes.  Our new favorite place and our new favorite bar keeps/waiters John and Mark!
I went there with my family while we were staying in Vegas and it was amazing! The service was great and the food tasted so good! Anyone who goes there has to try the new Shake #4 with oreos and creme bruelee.
The food was amazing in presentation and taste!!! So worth the wait . Loved the text you when your table is ready feature. The added plus is the Mgr Benji who made our experience memorable . I will be back again and I'm bring friends ! One of the highlights of our trip. To bad Ramsey wasn't around or the experience would have been perfect .. Thank you again for great service Benji . The two girls on sat night :)
i'm back from "outer space" (las vegas) and haven't written a review for weeks! so i thought i would start with my best experience and work my way down the proverbial ladder.. . while we usually think of gordon ramsey as an upscale "highfalutin " chef, this new location proves he can also serve the common man and in particular the americans love for comfort food, ie burgers hot-dogs, fries, shakes etc.. .  i had the hot-dog which is one of the best items on the menu! this dog is sauteed overnight in hot sauce and grilled over  a special hardwood that adds to the incredible taste of this gourmet dog! also, the rolls are freshly made incredibly soft and flavorful which adds to the experience. my wife had the burger and jalapeno poppers which along with the fries were quite good!. . note that we ate at the bar where they have a plethora of craft beers on tap and awesome bartenders, john and mark who made the experience as good as the food.. . this place gets crowded so either go early or late but definitely go!
Best burgers on the strip hands down. DELISH. Milkshakes are so so, but everything else (pork belly app? OMG) TOP NOTCH.
I can finally say I've eaten at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant! And oh man. It was pretty good. I kept my expectations pretty low going into it, and I am so glad it turned out to be worth the wait and the GR hype.. . The burgers were the perfect size and the flavors were on point. Ahh and the truffle fries? Amaazing. Ask for the curry ketchup. You won't be disappointed.  And definitely do not leave without getting one of those dessert shake concoctions. We had the coffee with chocolate hazelnut pudding, and I am totally ready to head back to Vegas just for that!. . Make sure to make reservations or put your name on the list. The place didn't look too busy when we walked by, but turned out there was an hour and a half wait?! They text you when your table is ready though, so we walked around and hung out upstairs in our room til the table was ready.
So many good things to say about BurGR. Let's start with the food. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger on my first visit and was not disappointed. My first time at BurGR was so great, I had to go back the next day. During my 2nd visit, I had the Euro Burger. Although I prefer the Hell's Kitchen burger more, the Euro Burger will not disappoint you. I thought the size of the burger was just perfect, you can enjoy eating with your hands (which is the right way of eating burgers, really). I'm one of the odd ones that like their meat well done (someone said it's a Filipino thing) - some joints tend to overcook the meat when you request it well done, BurGR doesn't. The menu price at BurGR is also really good and reasonable. I enjoyed a couple of bucks off since I was a Total Rewards member. The service was reasonably quick considering the amount of people dining at the restaurant. I really can't wait to go back to this place and bring my 5 year old niece who likes burgers just like me. The 5 spiced chicken wings look awesome - I only wish I had two stomachs so I can eat the other stuff here. I would skip the onion rings and truffle fries though if you don't want the extra calories. Can't wait to go back again. Really good place.
I went there with a group of people and we all had the Farm Burger and the sweet potato fries. The burger was awesome. One of the best I have had. The sweet potato fries had powdered sugar on them and came with some kind of sauce that was really good also. I would definitely go back again. This place has awesome food.
Visted BurGR twice this week.  I couldn't resist going back the next day.  Waiter Alex with the glasses recommended the Chanterelle BurGR with goat cheese.  YUMMY.  Honestly the best burgr I have ever had.  The Parmesan fries & sweet potatoe fries were excellent choices also.  The next day I had the Brittania (?) BurGR - also great.  The coffee shake was amazing, but better with a little less pudding the second day.  I would highly recommend it.  I love GR!
My burger was pretty amazing and the rest of the menus looked pretty darn good too. Burger is in top 5 I've ever had and place was a lot cheaper than expected. Overall I recommend with two thumbs up.
I went to BurGR with some co-workers.  I had the Chanterelle burger and I LOVED it!  The fig and onions on it were so good.  My co-wokers had the Hell's Kitchen burgers and they said they really liked it them.  I really liked the truffle parmesan fries and I highly recommend that you get them. YUMMY!  We also had the jalapeno poppers, we all loved them.  We all like spicy food so none of us knew if we got the japapeno with the seeds because we are use to spice.  I also recommend trying these the dipping sauce for them is really good.  The last thing we ordered was the sticky toffee pudding pops.  I'm not a big desert person but after reading everyone's reviews on them we had to try them.  They were DE-LISH!  I thought the service was great but I really wish they would take reservations.  Our wait was 45 minutes so it wasn't to bad.  I really recommend coming here because its a great atmosphere, food is great, and good service.
GO BURGER OFF!!!. . That seems like something Chef Ramsey would say! Unfortunately I will never know because Gordon was not here tonight. . . When I walked in, the bar was completely packed and about half the tables were full. I then saw there was a counter by the pass to eat at.  I asked to sit there and they said yes! Why wouldn't anyone want to eat there. You can see all of the food being made. The chef calling out orders. Yes there is some action but nothing like you would see on FOX! I did hear one F word by the sous chef but it was harmless. I needed more.  This is Vegas give me a show. . . I was trying to take it all in.  The waitress asked if I wanted a drink. I think she was hoping I would say, "Coors Light!" But I had to be difficult and ask her what kind of beers they had. She ran off to grab me a list. They had so many they were all listed on an iPad for me to scroll through. I did like looking at the photos of the specialty drinks. The pictures do make it easy to order.. . I decided to order the Roasted jalapeno poppers to start with. They were stuffed with cheddar bacon and had a dipping sauce of cheddar ranch. One of the gimmicks was that only one jalapeno had a fiery surprise. Since I was eating all 6, I knew one was coming my way. It happened to be my 2nd jalapeno.  I like hot and it was really good. The sad part is that the others did not stand up, after that. The manager Scott happened to come by and see how I was doing.  I suggested that the restaurant have an option for all 6 to be fiery. He liked that idea. So hopefully he will tell it to Gordon but I'm not holding my breath. I'm sure Gordon has bigger things to worry about. . . We did have an issue but the waitress jumped on it with the sous chef. I told her I wanted to enjoy my poppers first and I wanted my burger after I was done with them. She told me not a problem that it would take 20 minutes.  A few minutes later she realized I was the only ticket on the board and she told the chef to push back my burger. The cook did not look happy.  I diverted my eyes, so I wouldn't get in trouble. So much for me wanting some action here. I was getting a little scared.  I'm so glad the waitress looked at the ticket board while we were talking. I would have been not happy. . . I decided to order the Hell's Kitchen Burger which had oven roasted tomatoes, roasted jalepeno, avacado & asadero cheese! I also ordered it medium rare.  I asked the waitress to have no extra salt added to my burger when it hit the grill. She told me that they would never do that. I had to disagree with her. She called over the sous chef who then informed the waitress they do hit the burger on the grill with salt, pepper and garlic. I am so glad I was sitting at the pass or my order might have been screwed up so bad. The waitress then asked the chef, "How do I even write that up?" He looked at her and said, "Check no seasoning on the ticket!". . I had to wait a lot longer for my burger then expected.  I almost thought that they forgot about me. I looked at the tickets and there were a bunch up there. So I was hoping I just got pushed back. It did give me a little time to do some social postings for BurGR. When I go out to eat it is starting to feel like a job, but I'm glad to share these amazing food experiences with others. . . The best part about sitting at the pass was that my burger was delivered by the sous chef. I also saw him wipe off a spot of blood from my white plate. Somewhere Gordon is smiling. It was also a good feeling to know that my burger did not linger up at the pass waiting for the waitress to pick it up. . . I must say that the burger was really good. Everything worked together.  I loved how the tomatoes and jalapenos were roasted. The fresh avacado was a nice touch. I also liked the asadero cheese which I had never had before. The bun was fantastic too. I also learned that they are baked on site. You can tell because how fresh they are. I also taste some butter in there. . . Chef Ramsey you put together one tasty burger. I'm so glad I don't live in Vegas because my fellow Yelpers know I don't need another burger joint to obsesses over plus I don't think they can handle all of the delicious photos. . . So when you come to Vegas, BurGR is a must visit. Thanks to the Aria and the Cosmopolitan because this area of the strip is the hot place to hang. BurGR is located in the Planet Hollywood. Fastest way there is from the street. Do not go into the shops! Head into Casino door and it is right there by the front! Another tip is to have your Rewards Card with you too because you will save about a dollar per item. I saved $2...winning! Hey it's Vegas. I'm totally ahead now! Thanks Gordon!
After being a Kitchen Nightmare fan for so long, I just had to stop in to one of Ramsay's places. Bugr had the best prices so we came here for lunch. The servers were very nice. We each ordered a burger and shared half with each other. The farm burger with the Duck bacon and fried egg was amazing. The sweet potato fries with vanilla infused powdered sugar was amazing. I only wished I would have ordered a milk shake because those looked really good. Every thing is done a la carte, but come on, it's Gordon Ramsay. Like he's going to serve a bad meal? We were very satisfied with everything.
Ladies and Gentlemen we have a winner!. . The Hines' have awarded the Gordon Ramsay BurGR the winner of the best burger challenge. Yes, it's not in Southern California, but this burger has me wanting to jump on a plane at midnight for a juicy bite. . . The jalapeno poppers were delish and the surprise* popper added excitement to our evening.. *one jalapeno still has the seeds inside adding some mystery and  heat to dish. . To be fair in our process we ordered a beef burger, cheese, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato, although the other burger options were very tempting! The burger arrived hot, and smelling amazing. The meat was cooked perfectly and when cut in half was just barely manageable to get my mouth around for a bite. Each bite was every so tasty and not one ounce of grease dripped down my arm. The bun is great and you don't end up with no meat and all bun at the end. The Just Fries were more then enough for us to split and were overshadowed by the tasty burger, but from what I remember tasted pretty good as well.. . Yes, the burgers are expensive, but 1, it's Vegas and 2, it's Gordon Ramsay.. . *Not sure they take reservations, but if they do, I STRONGLY suggest making one, otherwise look at a 1hr wait, minimum. I wanted to stand out front after we were done telling people the wait was worth it.. But hey, if you have a wait, wander around the Miracle Mile of Shops :)
Klassiske hykbalitetsburgere. Handlagede burger lages pa grillen fr de legges myke hamburgerbrd med sesam. Burgerne toppes med tradisjonell salat, tomat og rdlk, man kan ogsa fa mango eller ananas sammen med burgeren.
I have been searching for the perfect burger for a while now, and I have my top pick for all that is burger at a little place called Maple & Motor, located in Dallas, TX. It's legit, and make no mistake, I can't exactly compare the two, so I'm going to claim a new favorite burger... outside of Texas! Yes, I know... there will be some dissenting views and opinions, but the world has much to offer and Gordon Ramsay has done it right in Las Vegas with his latest creation. It's BurGR time!. . This particular night we went to BurGR, we had just left seeing Penn & Teller at the Rio, where we were staying.  Knowing full well that we probably couldn't eat late on a Monday night, I suggested we go anyway to Planet Hollywood and see where the place was first and then just spend some time gambling in the casino.  Turns out, we got there by 11 and the restaurant was still serving.  We hadn't eaten since Noon, and figured why not? Let's eat now!. . Not knowing where we were going exactly other than Planet Hollywood, I'll go ahead and say the one negative about out experience, and then I'll move on.  The restaurant had only been open for about 3 months, and the signage in the hotel had not been updated to reflect where exactly the hell it was.  As tourists, we figured it would be simple to locate, but Planet Hollywood has a shopping mall behind it called the "Miracle Mile," and it really is about a mile long in diameter of retail shops located behind the hotel. With this said, finding someone to help, much less give you directions when the mall area is closing, as well as the long walk to the front of the hotel where BurGR is located, is a bit much with no signage or any sense of direction, but after a few minutes of parking and asking a few questions, we finally made it to our destination. . . When we arrived, the hostess was awesome and excited that we had come to join them for a fantastic meal.  She said, "I have a couple of servers working, but I have the perfect guy for you.  He's awesome, and you're really going to have a great time!" This set the tone for the night, and we were not let down.. . We sat down, got our menus and began looking them over, while looking at all of the wonders the restaurant had to offer in regards to decoration and experience.  Next thing I know, a guy named Alex (with glasses) walks up, says "Hello," and thus began our journey to Awesomtown. . . A glass of wine and a Boddington's for myself were quickly ordered.  The menu was fully explained, and then we were given a few minutes to decide.  There was little debate for the both of us, as we both quickly found our favorites.  My Mom decided on the Hell's Kitchen Burger (Asadero cheese, jalapenos and avocado) and I chose the Farm Burger with duck breast bacon, English sharp cheddar and a fried egg.  We also decided to split a side of truffle Parmesan fries with truffle salt, truffle aioli and chipotle ketchup with molasses. Wow!. . The burger was served medium rare with a solid  1/2 pound of a chuck, short rib and brisket mix.  The 600-degree wood burning grill gives the meat a texture like no other and the apple and alder wood gave an amazing smoke flavor.  This burger was juicy, flavorful, a bit glamorous to taste, but with a bit of a backyard feel that made me love every bite.  It was simple.  No dressing, no veg and a made from scratch daily sesame seed bun that was to die for.   What could possibly make this any better? Yes, those previously mentioned truffle Parmesan fries.  They were amazing, and the truffle aioli spread that came with them, I could have eaten by the spoonful and had been satisfied.. . Turns out that night at Midnight, Alex (with glasses) was having a birthday.  We started talking and I told him about my Mom's birthday, where we were from and why we were there.  Next thing I know, the manager Emily from the restaurant came by, and then Alex (with glasses) brought us out an amazing treat to share with him for his birthday.  I never would've thought prior to my night at BurGR that I would ever enjoy this particular dessert, but we were brought a salted peanut ice cream and chocolate maple pudding cake, served push up style.  All I can say is, "Damn, that was a tasty treat!". . I'm officially claiming this Burger Hunt as the best I've ever had, outside of Texas.  The greatest I have experienced in the Lone Star state still hands down is Maple & Motor, but I would be hard pressed to claim a winner if these two establishments were in the same town.  The style and atmosphere is 180 degree opposite of each other, but the food doesn't lie.  Great burgers and great people serving up something they believe in always wins.. . Well played, Gordon Ramsay! You're not just another TV chef with attitude anymore in my eyes.  Now that I have experienced what you have to offer, I have a whole different respect for what you've accomplished in your life.. . Till next time my friends... stay hungry and keep on the hunt!
Had the truffle fries and the farm burger. They were superb!
Expensive, but great food.. . Definetely worth it.
Perfect.  Tried to think of anything, anything I didn't like: nothing...and I can be really particular.. . Saturday, in gorgeous weather: 30 min wait quoted: 20 minutes after drinking and gaming at the video poker bar immediately next to the restaurant, I received a text letting me know the table was ready.. . Hostess: nice. That's it, she was really nice-sounds corny, I know but table was ready, she got out of me that it was my bday (passed it to the wait staff...) and 3-4 other fun facts then seated 2 of us at one of those 2 peole tables in the middle of all those kind of places where you feel really uncomfortable, ugh. Wait, it isn't awful - weird. I think the oversized, comfy chairs made it a complete reversal of my expectations.. . Ordered the truffle fries stat! I had heard enough, I want them, still want them.  The steak fries were very good but what makes it is the aiolo that is served with it.  I can't even describe how good that was, get some.. . We ordered the Farm Burger (duck fat bacon, cheddar, fried egg-perfect ooze not run yolk: just yum) and ground chicken burger (pickles, cheese-okay and yes the ailoi I put on it...sorry Gordon (-,~) both burgers were fabulous!  Perfectly portioned, seasoned, designed. So good.. . So despite being stuffed from all of that, I was able to further consume the Sticky Toffee Pudding Push-pops (say that 5x fast) because they were too good let melt.. . Server was a total sweetheart as were the people here helping her with her tables.. . It was a really good experience and I was even feeling queasy still from living it up the night before.
Went during lunch time because we noticed that there was always a line during dinner time- I highly recommend hitting this place up during lunch time. What a great thing they have going here! I was REALLY IMPRESSED. Great service, really cool that they have the iPads to give you a visual on their drinks and specials. Boyfriend and I ordered the Jalapeno Poppers which were incredible- although beware of their one secret "surprise" one that is incredibly hot. These were so good! The sauce they come in is really delicious as well- just make sure you have water with you I think I drank 2 full glasses during my 3 poppers! We split the Farm Burger which was absolutely AMAZING. I love that the servers give you an explanation of what you ordered when they bring you the food instead of just dropping the plate and maybe repeating the name of it or something. They actually explain what the sauces are and how it was prepared, which is a nice touch. For dessert I ordered what the waitress recommended which was the oreo creme brulee pudding shake. Don't be scared of the pudding part, it's actually really a tasty combination. The check comes with a little iPod inside to do a review which is really a great idea. Everything was really well done and though it was just a burger joint, it was a very well done one. I'd rate the service of this place up there with any really nice steak house I've ever been to- truly. Manager came and touched base with our table and was really genuine and seemed to care. Those are hard to find now-a -days- managers that actually care and beyond that that touch base with you when you're there for a burger. Great place. Gotta visit all of the Gordon Ramsay places in Vegas that guy is no joke-- I love that show and realize all the more he truly does know what he's doing because that place is sweet!
Absolutely the best burger I've ever had. . . Duck bacon, egg and sharp cheddar cheese. Perfectly cooked. Moist and juicy. Next time, I think I'll add some mushrooms to it. . The fries were also expertly cooked. They had that delicious crispy outside with a soft and chewy inside. Curry ketchup tastes like it sounds. In my opinion, the flavors didn't really go well. I can see the appeal but to me it was more of a gimmick. However, the chipotle ketchup superb. . . We also ordered the jalepeno poppers and the presentation was excellent. They were backed up with a solid taste. . . Honestly, unless you're a big guy, the burger is enough to fill you just fine. Everyone I saw was leaving their fries at the bar and at first I figured it was because they weren't that good. But in reality it was just because the burger was so dang good and filling. I recommend sharing some fries with a friend unless you're hankering for some food. . . I ordered the Jalepeno Margarita (I like it hot what do you want from me?!) and it was a typical 'rita. It wasn't bad but it didn't knock me on my ass like the burger did.  . My wife ordered the Green tea gin, now that was an original cocktail with a great taste. i was a huge fan. In fact we came back several hours later and ordered a couple of more for the road. . They have a great selection of beer on tap. I was very impressed with what they had. . . We sat at the bar and the service was a bit slow, but it was well worth the wait. Seriously, it was the best burger in terms of meat that I've ever had. Now, I like a burger that's juicy and moist. And this was it. it almost melted in my mouth. If that's not your type of burger, then... you need to have your head evaluated :)
Been here twice and both time were amazing. My first time was ordering the farm burger with parmesan truffle fries which were both delicious, the farm burger is topped with duck breast bacon and a fried egg which was fabulous, and the fries were the best fries I've ever had. The second time I ordered the Hell's kitchen burger with onion rings. The Hell's kitchen burger was a perfect mix of spicy and soothing, and the onion rings were nice and crispy and allowed you to bit into it without any of the onion sneaking out.
My friends and I were craving burgers and we ended up coming here. I got one of their chicken burgers and it was so yummy! The chicken patty was juicy and flavorful. The burger just tasted fresh and the server shared with us that they use high grade beef. Everyone else in my party got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and they loved it! I also got the Truffle Parmesan fries. They were ok.. Could have been crispier. I wanted something sweet and was suggested to get the shake with oreos in it. Super sweet, but delish! Another cool thing about this place is that they make their own house ranch and catsup. Wish they sold their catsup by the bottle. . . Overall, if you're craving for a big juicy burger, check this place out! Definitely worth it.
Great food, don't expect it fast though.  I sat at the bar, the 2 bartenders were friendly enough.  Had the American and truffle fries.  Perfect medium burger, couldn't finish the fries, as much as I wanted to!  Great selection of draught beer, and a couple of ciders!  All in all, I will go back, whenever I'm in Vegas!
Was in town for a friend's bachelor party rolling 13 deep and, as the foodie of the group, I was delegated to choose eating spots for the weekend. I'm huge Gordon Ramsay fan so I had to put this place on the itinerary. Disappointingly, the restaurant couldn't accommodate all of us at one table, so we had to split up. Which turned out to be fine because, aside from that, the experience was awesome and everyone loved the dining choice.. . We started with an order of awesome Truffle Parmesan Fries, deliciously crispy Onion Rings and the best Jalapeno Poppers I've ever had in my life. An order of poppers come in a set of six in a great presentation of individual shot glasses with each popper sitting in a chipotle-ranch sauce. One of my friends walked clear across the restaurant from the other table to tell us how amazing he thought the poppers were.. . On to the main event -- the burgers. All the guys thoroughly enjoyed their burgers. I ordered the Farm Burger which had duck breast bacon, cheddar cheese and a fried egg. Seriously, duck breast bacon? Simply awesome... and a fried egg with a runny yolk just makes everything better. The massive burger patty was juicy and perfectly cooked. The bun choice was great and held everything together beautifully.. . Overall, the food was fantastic and complemented by the excellent service. Upon getting seated, our server gave us recommendations and we stuck to them for the most part. He was right on the money with the suggested menu items, which included the Jalapeno Poppers and the Farm burger. Attentive and quick service with top-notch food. Can't ask for more than that.
Been several times.  Each time gets better.  Blows away Holsteins and even Bacchi burger (which I go to frequently).  It seriously does not get any better.  Great beer selection.  Unbelievable bun.  Incredibly knowledgeable staff.  Some of my most memorable meals of the year.  And that is saying a lot!!!  Absolute perfection!  It even tops Todd English's.  I will never mock Gordon again.  He hires and trains the right people.  . . I still visit Todd English's and Bacchi several times per year.  Save your time and money if you were considering Holsteins.
Everything about this place was amazing! Greeting with a smile by several very cute hostesses & immediately seated. Cute server came right over and was very knowledgable of the menu & very attentive the whole evening. I had the Hells Kitchen burger which was one of the best burgers I've ever had. Burger prices are about $14 & are ala carte. Service was very prompt & friendly. Will definitely return & bring friends.
REALLY GOOD! . We visited this place this past weekend and had a blast! Our waiter Alex was a hoot! He had a laughing during our entire meal. The food was excellent. Between the 3 of us we ordered the American burger (traditional), the Hell's Kitchen burger with jalapeno and avocado, and the Chicken burger with blue cheese. Every single burger was delish! Plus we ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries and Alex brought us all the different kinds of ketchup: regular, curry, and chipotle. One thing I will say is that chipotle ketchup set my chicken burger off! I highly recommend this place if you are ever in Vegas!
This was the best burger I've ever had!!!  It was cooked to perfection (exactly the way I like it) and just had great flavor.  The milkshakes are amazing, as well. . The only thing I didn't care for had nothing to do with the food, but I thought it strange to have to share ONE iPad for 6 people to paruse a fairly large beverage menu -- by the time the waitress came back only 3 people had a chance to see the iPad choices and two if those thought they already had ordered it off the iPad!!  Didn't seem very efficient to me.  Everything else though was great!!  I'd definitely pay $14+ for a great burger like this again!!!
Gordon Ramsay was having lunch today here!!! The Hells Kitchen burger was awesome and Maui onion rings. This place has an ipad for a menu, so cool. Yes, took pictures of Chef Ramsay as he looksbetter in person. He is lean and great physique for what he does!!!
BurGR is amazing! By far the best burger I have ever had! The staff is great, on par with Ramsey steak! I ordered the Farm Burger and it was awesome. My wife had the Hells Kitchen burger and it to was amazing. We shared a basket of "Just Fries". They were good, but what set them over the top was the two ketchups. A chipotle ketchup on one side and a curry ketchup on the other. We will be going back again before we leave Vegas!
What a burger! My favorite burger was Zinburgers in Tucson. BurGR in Las Vegas has now become our Gold standard. First off, our server Karlenda is a pro. This woman knows her product knowledge. Gordon you need to put her in a trainer position. She should be training your new staff how to make recommendations.. . The Burger was the best Ever. All the components complimented each other.  Cant say enough about our meal and Karlenda
I had planned to eat dinner here but wound up somewhere else that evening, so I came back later that night for a snack. Fortunately, the burgers are small, so they work for that purpose. I had a beer (I forget the name, but it was a domestic hefeweizen) and the blue cheese burger and enjoyed them both.. . A couple of notes of interest: The hostesses wear tight little dresses and sneakers--it looks a little weird, but I respect their allowing them proper shoes to work in. All the drinks and desserts are on an iPad. I don't know why the whole menu isn't because you're looking at drinks on an iPad and food on a regular paper menu.
I really liked this place a lot.  We ordered 4 burgers, 1 beer, sweet potato frieds, Parmesan fries and 2 shakes which was great.  It was very high tech, with the ipad to show us the different beers and the menu was on it. It reminds me of the Kitchen Nightmare's of how Chef Ramsay revamps. The management and waiters made sure everything was okay and the service was excellent.  The chef ramsay, great job of getting what the fans wanted a burger joint that is affordable.  Oh yes make sure you go get a club card to get a dollar off the food.
First I should say I am not a fan of Mr. Ramsey.  While walking through Planet Hollywood from my so so Dinner at Striphouse, we walked by Burgr.   Looked so good we had to try it.   Came back the next night.  First, the place was packed.  It was 10:00 PM on a Saturday.   We saw two seats at the end of the counter and got in without a wait.   Service was prompt and really nice.  The staff--all of them really cared about making sure the experience was perfect.  We both ordered the All American Burger.   It did take a while for the food to come.  Since we were sitting at the bar, we saw all the tickets so this was just OK.  While at the bar, we got to talk to the staff , including the hard working Sous Chef Jackie.  If Gordon happens to read this ( yeah right), you really have a great employee.  She takes her job seriously and has fun at the same time.  (We are not related, I promise).   The alcohol menu comes on an iPad, but no matter he hard we tried, we could not find any porn on it.  . . Now for the food.  Best Burgr I have had in a long time.  The meat was great tasting---and I should know, as I do not use condiments.. . Eating here really makes me want to try other Gordo Ramsey restaurants.  . . There are a lot of great places to eat in Vegas, and I would put this one on top as one to try.
This place is phenomenal, my favorite place in Vegas!. It's a must for any foodie or Ramsay fan. The food and the service is always top notch and the prices are very reasonable!   If your coming to Vegas don't miss out!!!!
This is my new favorite restaurant in Vegas!  So good that after trying it for the first time I went back for more the very next day!. . Good burgers, yummy truffle fries (huge portion more than enough for two), and the best shakes I've ever tasted!!  I LOVED the banana shake with butterscotch pudding.  I got to try the Oreo shake with creme brulee pudding and that was delicious as well.  I may have to get that next time!  . . Servers are pretty friendly.  I really liked our server on the first day: friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and cute too to boot.  I wish I had gotten his name but he looks like Clark Kent without the glasses :p  I think he knew he had us in the palm of his hand and that we would give him a good review so he had us fill out a survey after our meal.  Of course we rated him highly!  We unfortunately were not seated in his section the next time we came in but when he saw us he gave us a smile and a wave :). . FYI: they do not take reservations over the phone or online.  The restaurant fills up quickly within that first hour of opening so get there early or be prepared towait a bit.  If cigarette smoke bothers you try to get a table in the middle or toward the front of the restaurant.  The back section is very close to the slot machines so it gets very smoky there - we requested to move from that section on our second visit.  . . One more thing to note: to enter the restaurant if you are coming from another hotel take the entrance just at the top of the moving walkway that takes you from the street to the hotel, which is next to Cabo Wabo Cantina (on the Paris side of the building).. . An added treat: you get to take your menu home with you as a souvenir :)  Totally recommend this restaurant and I cannot wait to go back!. . P.S. Make room for their shakes!!
Excellent, Fantastic,  better than I anticipated. The burger I ordered was the best I ever had, my husband ordered a shake and oh my, words can't even describe the goodness!
I was in vegas and this popped up on Yelp and we decided to try it. Apart from the wait (we waited a half hour when the place looked half full) it was really good. It was one of the best burgers I've ever had. If there's one thing I can say negative is that it's a bit expensive (4 beers, 2 burgers, 1 fry was $100). Unfortunately, pricewise it didn't seem out of market for the strip. Anyways, I've always wanted to try one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants and this is probably the most affordable way to do it. Very, very, very good!
Hell's Kitchen Burger = Best Burger Ever!. Coffee Shake = Epic!. Sweet Potato Fries = Perfect!
Hell's Kitchen Burger!!!
For a pretty hardcore watcher of Hells Kitchen I was excited to go to one of Gordon Ramsey's restaurants when I decided to pack up and head out West for a trip to Las Vegas.. . My guest and I for the last leg of our trip decided to play it on the touristy side which meant snag a drink and an appetizer then bounce out.. . When we arrived we asked to sit at the bar which had an open kitchen view but unfortunately for us there was a wait. We opted for a hightop.. . The app of choice was the Jalapeno Poppers and yes I know I know I know I get to try a Gordon Ramsey burger and I opt for Jalapeno Poppers I get it bite me! Anywho the jalapeno poppers were absolutely amazing I mean house made cheddar ranch dressing with hot sauce stuffed with applewood bacon. Shut yo mouth! Honestly the best jalapeno poppers I've ever had.. . Hopefully the next time I find myself in Las Vegas I will definitely have a full on dining experience at this hip little bar and restaurant.. . But seriously best damn jalapeno poppers
Being a HUGE Hell's Kitchen and Master Chef fan I had to make a trip here last time I was in Las Vegas.  BurGR is the more affordable of his three restaurants in Las Vegas but still a Gordon Ramsay experience.. . When we arrived for lunch we were told there would be a 20 minute wait.  They took my cell phone number and said they would text us when our table was ready.  I thought this was great, because I hate it when restaurants give you those big vibrating devices for you to carry around looking like an idiot.  That way you don't have to hold something that a million other people have had their filthy hands on.  We ended up playing slot machines in the casino until our table was ready.. . We received prompt service and all the staff we dealt with were very friendly.  We ordered the Farm Burger, the Hell's Kitchen Burger and split an order of the Truffle Parmesan Fries.  Both were cooked exactly the way we ordered them.  Both burgers were amazing.   At first we thought they might be a little on the small side but ended up being very filling.  One order of the Truffle Parmesan Fries is enough for two people to share.  These were some of the best french fries I've ever had.  For dessert, we tried the Sticky Toffee Pudding Push Up Pops. One order comes with two, so it's perfect to share with someone.  They were a bit gimmicky but fun at the same time.  We enjoyed our little frozen treats, but probably will not order them again in the future.. . We really enjoyed our overall experience here and guarantee we will be back to explore more of the menu.  It baffles me to read the bad reviews on BurGR, unless we just happened to come on a good day.  People complaining about paying $12 to $15 dollars for a burger need to remember you are eating at a restaurant located in a large hotel/casino on the strip in Las Vegas with the name of one of the most well known chefs in the world right now.  If you're concerned about saving a little money then join the Total Rewards program and it will get you $1 off each item you order on the menu.  I recommend you try it at least once and see for yourself and if you don't like it then in the words of Gordon Ramsay, "Pi$$ Off!!" Just kidding.
My wife was at an optometry conference in Vegas and I decided to tag along. I had heard about the milkshakes with pudding on top so decided to go here on Thursday afternoon for lunch. I sat at the bar and, when presented with the shake menu, decided to wait until a time when I could share a shake with my wife (they are huge). I ended up getting the All American Burger and it was fantastic! On Friday afternoon I decided to go back to get one of the Milkshakes since my wife was going to be done with classes early. I was also looking for a smokeless place to watch my beloved Pittsburgh Penguins Stanley Cup playoff game. I asked the crew at the bar if they could get the game on the TV for me and they were very accommodating, so I sat down for lunch again and ordered a Fish Sandwich plate. It was even better than the burger I had the day before. Moving along to the Coffee milkshake with chocolate pudding. Huge and delicious!! Hugely delicious. It is also worth mentioning that the bartenders/waitstaff were very friendly and helpful in a mellow at. . The meals were a tad overpriced but no more so than anywhere else in the highly overpriced Sin City. Go here for lunch or Dinner if you have a chance.
this place may be known for their burgers but the Fresh Roasted Chili Dawg. it's phenomenal!!
Being big fans ofGordon Ramsey, we just had to try this place out. We went here a couple months ago while visiting Vegas. They were pretty busy but when we put ourname in, they had us sit in the entry lounge/bar area. Very nice, especially with all the walking, my back was hurting so I was ready to sit. . . The staff was very friendly! The food was delicious. We ordered the hummus and sweet potato fries. Both were VERY yummy!! My husband ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and I ordered the hot dog. My husband really enjoyed his burger and my hot dog is clearly not your average size hot dog. It extended a couple inches out of each side of the bun. We we're sitting at a table across from a booth full of guys. Yeah, I was NOT about to bite into this hot dog with them sitting there...lol. Good thing for the handy dandy fork and knife. ;). . Prices were a little more than your average restaurant but come on, you're in Vegas. That's to be expected. We enjoyed the service, food and atmosphere that we will definitely be back!!!
THE WAIT IS WORTH IT! There will probably be a waiting list if you visit Burgr in the evening. But they will send a text message to your phone when ready. And there's plenty to do while you're waiting. Play some slots in the casino. Have a cocktail at the Heart Bar in the center of the casino. Window shop at the Miracle Mile Shops. Or go outside and watch the human parade on the strip. Very entertaining. The time will fly by.. . We all agreed that the appetizers, cocktails, burgers and chicken sandwich were some of the best we've ever had. Maybe the best. Seriously. The milkshakes looked awesome for desert but we were all too stuffed. We'll save that for next time. . . The cocktail menu is on an iPad which they bring to your table. That seemed a little gimmicky and unnecessary. But that's my only criticism and a minor one at that.
Perfect burger. Just enough to satisfy the appetite. Great signature burgers. Extensive beer selection as well. Euro burger is my favorite
Saw Ramsey's face on Planet Hollywood and decided to give it a shot.  Service was outstanding, sat us at the bar overlooking the kitchen.  Our server was super attentive,and polite.  Beer was good, burger and fries were better, see you next time we are in Vegas Gordon.
Let me start off by saying: Gordon Ramsay is my idol.. . This restaurant did not disappoint. I ordered the "Heaven's Kitchen Burger" which was simply the Hell's Kitchen Burger with no jalapenos :). It was PERFECT. However, the must order item is definitely the truffle fries. They are simply amazing. My friend ordered the Bleu Burger but found it slightly potent - so only for a stronger palette. . . The cocktails are good too - the fruitier ones especially. The service is friendly. I had an amazing time here and love Gordon Ramsay even more (if that were even possible).. . Finally, SHAKE #4 with creme brulee pudding and oreos was TO DIE FOR.
This was AMAZING. Earth burger (no meat) was the best veggie burger I've ever put in my mouth. Score Gordon, score.
We strongly dislike trying new places, especially when I read a lot of these two star reviews. They ask for your name & number. You will be notified when your table is ready. Sweet. :) Free refills, SIGN UP for the Total Rewards club card.  It was more reasonable than I expected too.. . We had 2 American burgers, one without Pickles & mine with tomato & onion. We tried the Truffle Parmesan Fries for $11 ($10 w/ TR card), super addicting. The portions are big, NO JOKE. Save room for dessert, they looked amazing. I did not.. . It's just what I expected. I'm a huge fan of Ramsay, and I loved the experience. We will be back since we're locals.
Stellar. The fries are stunning.  Deserts look great if you have room.. . If you want a show in the kitchen, go at a busy time and sit at the counter.
Firstly, Gordon Ramsay knows how to design a restaurant! We were here this weekend and left really impressed and very full of delicious nom noms. . They don't take reservations so we had a wait time for seating, but 20 minutes is not bad at all on a memorial day weekend Saturday at noon. Instead of giving us one of those annoying buzzers that only work within a certain radius, they took a cell number and texted us when our table was ready allowing us to wander throughout the casino in Planet Hollywood while we waited. . . The atmosphere is really neat, especially for a lunch place. The theme definitely goes along with the Planet Hollywood idea. The funky silverware was my favorite! Technology was also used very well in this restaurant. Our server greeted us promptly and provided an IPAD for us to check out drinks and desserts (with pictures and ingredients). . . The server was not only awesome but very knowledgeable about the menu. He had personally tasted everything on the menu and was happy to give his feedback about any item. He was also great about checking on what was gluten free for me. The service in general here was top notch. Our waters were never empty, the manager stopped by each table to see how the meal was going, and our meal was brought out by an entourage of servers at the same time and they all made sure we had everything we needed before leaving. At the end of the meal you even fill out a easy survey on the electronic device provided with your check to ensure the service was excellent. . . Now to the important stuff, the food! The burgers were awesome. I had the chanterelle burger with a lettuce wrap instead of a bun and it was delicious! The meat was a perfect temperature and the fig compote and chanterelles were a really nice touch. My boyfriend and the Euro burger which was great. We also enjoyed some of the amazing parmesan truffle fries and him and our friends enjoyed the onion rings (not gluten free). I'd have loved to have tried the puddings but they unfortunately had gluten in them. The mixed drink I had (skinny screw) was done really well. Not too sweet or too overbearing with alcohol, plus it was garnished with a fresh mint sprig and orange slice which I devoured at the end...a faux pas?? Maybe, but they were fresh and delish!. . Wait time for the noms was less than I expected with how busy it was and price (55 with tip for two meals and a alcoholic drink in Las Vegas) was reasonable. . . Its a good thing Burgr is not close by, my waistline might be in trouble if I had those truffle fries readily available..
Went here this weekend. There was a wait, but well  worth it. We even went twice. The food is pricey, but for me it was worth the price. We had burgers, and fries and some Jalapeno Poppers which were absolutely delicious. I must say Gordon Ramsay knows how to make it happen. . . The down side though was on the second trip we didn't have a great waiter, so if you decide to go make sure to ask NOT to be seated in Jaime's section, he totally forgot about us and didn't bring what I had asked for instead went to the restroom.. . Katey was the best waitress ever, she was there on our first visit, she checked up on us regularly and made sure everything was great, even filled our drinks.
Had the Farm Burger - duck breast bacon, english cheddar with a fried egg, med rare. It was without a doubt the best burger I've ever had in my life. Can't wait to go back. Service was great and the price was incredibly reasonable.
Gordon does not disappoint at this delicious burger place. We ended up having lunch here twice on our trip because we were so pleased with our first visit. Both times we ordered the onion rings. My husband and I agreed that these were the best onion rings we'd ever had. They came with a cheddar ranch sauce for dipping which was out of this world. The burgers were really tasty also, and cooked to perfection. I enjoyed the hot dog too, but honestly probably would have preferred a other burger! We also sampled the jalapeno poppers which my husband adored (I'm not big on spicy in general). You could tell that everything was fresh and homemade. Also, the service was awesome on both visits. Each table has a server and an assistant so there's always someone available if you need something. I will definitely return here next time I'm in Vegas!
Soooo good. I love the iPad drink ordering but it would be cool if you could order everything from there. Food was so good I would drive 6 hours here just for a burger. Mmmm
I tried going back. Prices for Vegas were awesome! Loved the food, had the Farm BurGR. So fresh and great flavors. Parmesan fries were excellent. This would be on my list too revisit on my next Vegas trip for sure. Loved it.
Excellent service. Very attentive. Burger was good, truffle fries were awesome.
Burger is awesome! First off our server "Alex with the Glasses" was incredibly friendly and funny! He recommended the Farm Burger which literally blew my mind! The food presentation was incredible. The ticket times were a little long but it was well worth the wait!
Great restraunt. I had the Earth burgr and the flavors were exploding! My husband had the Euro burgr which was perfectly cooked medium. The Parmasean Truffle fries amazingly delicious. We will be back!!
Oh so good burger... Hot the blue burger. And the truffle aioli with the fries? Really?  I could eat it on its own!  Ambience? Loud. Food? Oh yeah! You go Gordon!
Got a chance to go here while staying at Planet Hollywood.  Went during the early afternoon and was able to get a seat at the bar without any wait time.. . Started with a Stone Pale Ale (which I rarely find on tap) and their jalapeno poppers.  They were probably the best jalapeno poppers I've ever had.  Hot, spicy, extra crispy and filled with cheese.  Really great!. . Then had the Hell's Kitchen burger which I also thought was fantastic.  The fresh bun alone was worth it.  The burger had the perfect combination of heat, cheese and flavor.  I didn't even realize until after I finished the burger that I never even considered adding ketchup or mayo like I normally do.  The included avocado was enough.. . The only thing that was a little disappointing to me were the regular fries.  They were a weren't very hot temperature-wise, and not as crispy as I generally like.  The people on either side of me got the onion rings and the truffle fries, both with looked much better.  I only wish I was able to stay in Vegas long enough to go there again and try a few more things.. . Overall I highly recommend going if you have the opportunity.
Holy shit!  Brilliant burgers and fries.
Amazing.  You have to try the chocolate shake.
From the time you arrive to the time you leave you will be satisfied.  The fire out front pulled us right in and when I saw Gordons huge head everywhere I knew I had to check it out.  We were sat immediately and right next to the fire display which was awesome.  The waitress was quick and attentive.  We ordered the Hells Kitchen Burger and the ChanterelleBurger and they were both amazing.  The Hells Kitchen burger is spicy and the chanterelle has a sweet taste because of the onion jam.  You only need to order one side trust me.  We got the truffle parmesan fries with homemade truffle aioli and homemade ketchup.  We were so full at the end but our waitress talked us into the sweet toffee pudding pops that you can take with you.  That was the hightlight cause they are that good.  We also got to keep our menus which was also a very cool touch.  The part that made me laugh was that our bill was $60 and we gave her a $100 and she actually asked if we needed change.  Hahaha, seriously?   She was nice but not worthy of a 65% tip.  I guess they are used to getting tipped way too much for just being a server in Vegas cause that was pretty extreme.
GORDON RAMSAY IS THE KING OF TRUE AMERICAN GRUB! . . This place was amazing! So good in fact that I came here 2 days in a row while on vacation in Vegas. The service was really good and friendly. The Onion rings were the best I have ever had. The Fries were a-ok. The Jalapeno Poppers were served hot, crispy, and spicy in all the right ways. The Hot Dogs were phenomenal. Really, really good. The burgers were cooked to perfection! The Sticky Toffee Pudding Push Pops were not too sweet but a good dessert. THE OREO SHAKE WITH CREME BRULEE ON TOP WAS THE MOST AMAZING SHAKE THAT HAS EVER GRACED MY TONGUE. . . Don't hesitate to eat here, you won't regret it!
best burger i have had in awhile i had the hells kitchen, i somehow had low expectations for this place but i was not disappointed
I now daydream about these burgers!  They are succulent, meaty, and perfectly seasoned.  The only reason I would give it less than 5 stars is because it has forever ruined burgers from any other place!. . I noshed on the Brittania burger (sans bun - but absolutely no loss of flavor), truffle fries and a tasty cocktail to wash it down.  Honestly both times I have been I have ordered the same thing becuase it is so delicious.  The burger has mango chutney, sharp cheddar and argula.  The sweet of the chutney, the sharpness of the cheese and bitter argula all go so beautifully together. . . Worth the wait.  Give them your name and number and go to the bar next door for a cocktail while you wait, I promise you won't be disappointed!
Delicious food, great burgers!!!!! Love
Absolutely awesome. . . What I ordered: The Earth Burger (Vegetarian option) and Parmesan Truffle Fries.. . Pros:. - The restaurant uses technology effectively. The wait for me was suppose to be 45 mins for my group. We just give them our number and they will text when the table is ready. They give up your table within 10 mins of the text. I was quoted for a 45 min wait time, so I walked around and shopped, the text came early (within 25 mins) but I did not check till 10 mins later because I was in a dressing room. I came around 15-20 mins late but they still let us in and didn't give up our table. . . - The drinks/desert menu is on an iPad. The response of the iPad is very slow, but still cool nonetheless. . . - Customer survey in on an iPod. . - The menu is simple. Straightforward with clear descriptions. Not too many items and not too few. It's not as long or complicated as some other high-end restaurants. . . - Service is great. They read my mind every time I wanted more water. Very friendly, knew how to start conversations without being awkward. . . - Portions are perfect. Quality over quantity. Except the fries. Fries were quality with quantity. They were delicious and I couldn't finish all of them. . . Cons:. - There were minor hiccups in service which were all natural human error, nothing egregious warranting dislike for service.. . - One visit to this restaurant is going to want you to come back again. The taste of the burgers will randomly show up in your dreams or while you're walking to your car. Make sure you always have enough money saved up for a spontaneous Vegas trip.
Ok this place is a rock star. Why? Let's break it down.. . 1) Staff- these people are awesome. Our waiter was attentive, full of good suggestions, honest, and really entertaining. Even the managers come and serve you! They really have a team approach here of getting things done. . 2) Food- their menu is not really big, but what they do serve they do it well. They have burgers, onion rings, and fries. It was all good. Even the burger with the fig jam that some may be hesitant to try was awesome. They have a lot of fun flavors!. 3) Ambiance- it is a casual place but still trendy. Their floor plan is open, you can see the chefs working on your food, and they have fire decorations. Cool! . 4) Cost- this is a bang for your buck place in Vegas! You really get good food for what you pay. It is super affordable. . . PS. Don't even think about sharing. You will want your own. Trust me
Fantastic Burger Joint, burgers done right!! I had the Farm Burger, Truffle Fries & Onion Rings. All very reasonably priced. Nothing frozen and everything homemade - it all met my expectations!!
It is difficult to find very good customer service in Las Vegas but when you walk into this burger restaurant you are treated like a "fine diner" despite the somewhat casual fare. This is an excellent foray into finer food and Alex "with the glasses" and manager Joana are happy to assist in making decisions in case you're not familiar with some of the ingredients on the menu.. (Turns out duck breast bacon on the Farm Burger tastes quite like regular bacon but better!) Hubby had the Farm Burger which was recommended by three staff members and it did not disappoint! I had the Hell's Kitchen burger subbed with a chicken patty but I couldn't even finish it because I found Heaven on a plate, aka truffle fries. (PS, I HATE mushrooms but would KILL for truffle fries.) The portions were perfect, especially if you want to fill up but were raised not to throw away good food. The jalapeno poppers were out of sight, presented individually  in swanky little cups with dipping sauce. There will be a long line BUT the great news is the staff is insanely well organized and we were seated in about 20 min. We learned that chef ramsay shows up regularly and actually works with the staff, including my waiter. There is absolutely no disconnect between the atmosphere you see on Chef's TV shows and they way the food is presented and the restaurant is run. This is for real. It is very clear that Chef insists on perfection and it trickles down even to the hostesses and other support staff. You can tell these employees are proud to be a part of this incredible spot. Unbelievable! In a town full of smoke, mirrors and BS, go to Burgr for a truly enjoyable experience!
Loved the yells kitchen burger with out jalapeno  and the onion rings they didn't push drinks on us and the wait wasn't 45 mins
Best onion rings of my life. They may have made me sick, but they were literally worth the stomach ache.. . Vegetarians pretty much have one option for a main course. The Earth Burger is just a grilled portobello mushroom and some other stuff that I can't even remember. But whatever, it was so good. I usually hate portobello mushrooms, but I devoured this thing.. . Service was okay. I didn't care because I was busy drooling.. . Burgr is the only Gordon Ramsay restaurant that I can afford, but nothing about it felt like someone's cheapest restaurant. I took a menu home because it's epic.
Love this place!  Burgers are a bit smaller than most gourmet burgers but they are well worth it.  Had the truffle parm fries, roasted jalapeno peppers, farm burger, and britannia burger.  All of them were full of flavor and cooked perfectly.  It was a little hard to find because it's not listed on the Miracle Mile directory but the food, ambiance, and awesome dessert definitely got that 5th star back.
Amazing! Simply amazing!! The food is great. We had the onion rings for an app plus the farm burger and the fish and crisp sandwich for our entrees. The service was great! Must go!
I'm a HUGE Gordon Ramsay fan. As a viewer of his many TV shows (MasterChef, Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares, Hotel Hell [..did that one get cancelled?!] The F Word), I've come to admire his creativity, perfectionism, and work ethic. Granted, I arrived at Burgr NOT expecting Mr. Ramsay to be serving me a burger himself, but I was very much hopeful that his ideals would translate to his staff there. AND BOY THEY DID NOT DISAPPOINT!. . Though I'm a big GR fan, I'm an even bigger fan of burgers.. all things protein and sandwiches, really. I've had my fair share of burgers and I have to proclaim The Farm Burger at Gordon Ramsay Burgr as the BEST burger I've ever had.. hands down. . . Farm Burger: beef patty (I ordered mine Medium), English sharp cheddar, duck breast bacon, poached egg, brioche bun. . . What was so magnificent about this burger was that each element in it was a knockout; you could pick apart the egg, bacon, etc. to eat individually and be delighted, or eat them all together and still grasp the flavor of each topping in every bite. The patty was cooked to perfection: juicy, not over/under-cooked, tons of flavor that you could eat it alone sans toppings. The bun was toasted just right. No one flavor was bland or overpowering. Also, the burger wasn't stuffed with TOO many toppings where it became this unconquerable mountain. . . Another item to try (if you have room) is their pork belly buns (bao). Happy servings of fatty pork belly with shaved carrots in a fluffy bao. . . Best part of Gordon Ramsay Burgr? It was under $15! Not shabby at all for a gourmet burger. Given that prices are all inflated on the Strip, you could've gone to McDonald's or Panda Express and almost paid the same amount for crappy food. . . In conclusion: EAT HERE. Especially before a night out of clubbing/drinking. Your body will thank you!
My wife and I went here twice for dessert while we were in Vegas for my conference.  On a previous trip, we came here for lunch, but it was dessert only during this trip.  I guess we were creatures of habit, as we got the same thing for dessert both times we came, mainly because it was flat out fantastic.  I posted a picture of our dessert for anyone that wants to see.  We each got a shake.  They're truly unique shakes in that they're part pudding and part ice cream shake.  I ordered the creme brulee pudding and cookies and cream shake, while my wife got the chocolate pudding and coffee ice cream shake.    They're pretty large shakes, so you'll definitely be full afterwards.  The shakes are $8 a piece, so they're not cheap, but totally worth it.  If you come here, be sure to save room for dessert.  One other thing to note, the seating at and around the bar is first come first serve.  So, you don't have to wait in the long line to get a seat.  We avoided what looked like a long line by doing this both times.  You can even order from the full menu in this area.
I'll admit it.  I'm a Gordon Ramsay groupie.  I DVR all of his shows from Master Chef to Hell's Kitchen to Kitchen Nightmare's.  And once or twice in my life, I've been lucky enough to eat at one of his many restaurants.  This past weekend, my friends and I were in Sin City for a birthday celebration and we decided to try the newly opened BurGR.  I'm not even slightly exaggerating when I say that the Farmhouse Burger that I ate at Gordon's new restaurant is the best burger I've ever eaten in my life.  Perfectly seasoned beef topped with Duck Bacon (which I didn't even know existed), French Cheddar, and a gooey fried egg....it was like eating a piece of art.. . In addition to the burger, my friends and I shared some truffle parmesan french fries with BurGR's homemade truffle aioli and ketchup sauces (both amazing).  We also ordered creme brulee oreo milkshakes (best milkshake I've ever had).  The only dish that we ordered that I was less than ecstatic about was the honeypig bao buns appetizer...but honestly, the rest of the meal was so amazing, we completely forgot about it.. . At a fairly reasonable price for Ramsay level quality food, I highly recommend trying out BurGR next time you're at the Planet Hollywood Casino in Las Vegas.
The Best Burger I have ever had!!  And the parmesan truffle fries, OMG....so YUMMY!!!!
The chanterelle burger can't be missed. Order the onion rings, too, and you'll be in heaven. They're beer battered, and probably the best I've ever had. The sauces they're served with are delectable. . . There are 30 beers on tap as well. Don't fill up, as the sticky toffee pudding pops are a must.
That was the best restaurant experience I've had in a long time. I mean from the beginning, everything was top notch. Excellent food + great service = how every restaurant should be . . 1. La fin du monde-you are my new favorite beer. 2. Shake #1 (chocolate shake)-where have you been all my life?. 3. Truffle Parmesan fries- can I say bomb? The sauce just made it a lot more enticing.. 4. Farm burger-how every burger should be made. Or what burgers in burger heaven taste like.. 5. Char siu burger- gf says it was really good, but I can't comment because I didn't try it myself.. . We'll be back next Sunday! I'm already drooling for more chocolate shake..
What a great burger place! Be prepared to wait in line, but know that it's worth it. I'm a huge carnivore and was so impressed. It has a "badass" vibe with a cool fire wall, totally appropriate vibe for a Gordon Ramsay. We ordered two cocktails (amazing, especial the jalapeno rita) two kinds of burgers and the most amazing fries (truffle and sweet potato). Everything was phenomenal! Definitely one of the best burgers I've had. Great place to eat at!
A delicious burger. Theyre sweet potato fries and truffle garlic fries are also amazing!! The nice thing about this place is that although there was a wait when we arrived, they took my cell phone number and we were free to wander around the casino until our table was ready. We got a text right when they said we would and had a great experience.
this place was a perfect blend of AMAZING food, great atmosphere (open, lively, bright, etc), and awesome staff. The waiter, Brian with glasses, i think, was hilarious, and had quite the sense of humor. Not somewhere to go if you are moderately uptight, its a laid back, reasonably priced (for vegas) restaurant. i am so glad we went and checked it out, and i really recommend it to anyone who stops in vegas. The burgers are bomb.com (i dont say that often), and the fries are so good (even if you are a hard-core healthy eater, you'll throw away your food morals for the burger and fries). Also, great selection of brew! two thumbs up!
My husband and I are Vegas locals and since we had such an outstanding visit to Gordon Ramsay steak we decided to give Burgr a try. We went on a Monday afternoon so the wait wasn't bad at all. We were greeted promptly and drinks and appetizers came out quickly. We got the jalapeno poppers and the presentation was fun. Each popper had its own separate holder, half filled with a cheddar ranch that was filled with a sharp flavor. It accented the poppers perfectly. The poppers themselves were very tasty. .             For dinner we ordered the Parmesan fries and I got the American burger and my husband got the farm burger. Both were cooked perfectly, great taste and looked beautiful. The fries were a nice break from the run of the mill fast food version. The Parmesan added a very unique taste. .        Our waiter Alex, was great. Very personable and on top of his game. He knew I was a bit of a Ramsay fan because I wanted to keep the menu, so he made me a "swag bag" as he put it. Included were Burgr coasters, napkins, different versions of the menu and a pen. .      Overall wonderful experience. It was truly a good time and another wonderful memory for my husband and I.
This place was everything you would expect from Gordon Ramsey. Food was delicious, service was excellent. Definitely recommend sitting at the counter where you can watch the chefs at work.
Well done Gordon Ramsay! He never fails to impress me. I went to Burgr with my husband to check out the food and the service because I really like Gordon Ramsay's work ethic and his food. First of all the decor and everything was super cool and impressive. Very simple and easy to choose menu with a picture of Gordon on the back. The clothes/uniforms that the servers wearing were also cool. Dark denim jeans and button up shirts for the guys and full zipper short tight dresses for the girls. Very hip and young staff. I ordered the euro burger and my husband ordered one of their foot long hot dogs.  5-7 mins later our orders are in front of us and we were really impressed by the quick and friendly service. I ordered my burger medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. We also ordered the sweet potato fries which comes with a light creamy sauce and powdered sugar. It was also pretty good. The only thing thing that amazed me was the manager actually came to our table and asked us about the food and how we were doing, is there anything that she can do for us. When you get a treatment like this at a restaurant even if you ordered some fries and burgers, you actually feel very appreciated for choosing them and being their customer. Young staff, great food, excellent service I give this restaurant 5 starts! Definitely try and go here. . P.S; The restaurant is inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel on the strip.
The wait time wasn't bad at all, waited about 15 minutes  for a party of 4 . . First of all ... . Love the place and love the menu . The Onion Rings are beyond perfect, their the Perfect bite and the Jalapenos poppers are amazing !!! . Now to the burgers . The Hell's Kitchen and Farm burger are divine !!!!  I had the Hot Dog with all the trimmings and OMJ I want another one NOW ! . Overall Ramsey did a great job with the place is Absolutely delicious !
Amazing Burgrs.
A bits late getting this review in, just got tied up. Wait time was long but to be expected I suppose. Food was great, service is great also. Their presentations is clean and fits perfectly. The Parmesan fries were very good, a bit to much Parmesan cheese for my liking, but nonetheless very good. Sweet potato fries were fantastic and I really have not cared much for sweet potato fries from other places, kudos for the powdered sugar served with them. Ate there on Father's Day and will go back next time I am in Vegas.
Had a great time!  Great food! There is usually a significant wait 30-60 mins!  Be prepared to wait!
Place is elegant. There was a one hour wait time when we arrived at 6:30 on a Saturday. But they took my contact down and text'd me when the table was ready. So we were free to roam the casino. The location was obscured in Planet Hollywood and not located on the map. So it was somewhat difficult to find without guidance from a casino employee. . . We got seated and the server lent us an ipad for the drinks menu, which presented a wide variety of fine wines and cocktails.. . For appetizers we decided to try the truffle fries. The most amazing fries I ever had. The way the oil blends with the Parmesan is orgasmic. Paired with the homemade ketchup and black truffle aioli, nothing could compare.. . And what could possibly beat a gordon Ramsey burger? I ordered the chanterelle burger. It contained chanterelle mushrooms, argula, figgy-onion jam. Had it cooked medium rare, which in my opinion is the best way to cook a beef patty. The onions and the sweetness of the jam was paired nicely with the patty and the mushrooms. I couldn't ask for a better burger. It was gone in 60 seconds. I practically inhaled the burger without chewing.. . I recommend the place to anyone visiting Vegas.
I really wanted to go to Burgr when it opened, but didn't get a chance to until the beginning of June, but it was really busy at the time, so I opted to go at a later time. I ended up going on July 2nd, and I was really excited to go because I love Gordon Ramsay. The menu isn't huge, but there is enough to chose from. I ended up getting the Yardbird, which is a chicken burger and the truffle fries. Needless to say, both were amazing and totally met my expectation. We only waited in line for about 15 minutes and go our food within 20 minutes of ordering. The waitress did an okay job, but she did make sure that we did run out of water or soda. I can't wait to go back and try another burger!
Freaking AMAZING !! this was one of the best burgers I have ever had. I would eat hear again and again. We went in the afternoon around 1pm and we had to wait about 10 min for a seat. The burgers were fresh and good combinations of ingredients for a unique flavor. If you are in the Plant Hollywood area top in
AMAZING x 10!!!  This has got to be the BEST burger I've ever eaten! I had the Brittania Burger with avocado, provolone cheese and a fried egg on top. I had the burger cooked medium and it just melted in my mouth. It took me a bit to eat the whole thing because it was sooooo juicy and sooooo flavorful that I just wanted to savor the flavors.  Needless to say, I at the whole thing and wasn't full at all ... it's just the perfect size for a gourmet burger.  We also ordered the Jalapeno Poppers and the Truffle Parmesan Fries ... both a MUST try!  You definitely will be back formore!!!  Probably one of my favorite restaurants ... ANYWHERE!!! :). If you have a little bit of time, put your name on the list at the front, walk or shop around for a bit and they'll text you when your table's ready.  Well worth the wait!  Enjoy!
Best burger joint so far!! My experience of this place was obviously quite different than some of the reviews I read (which made me skeptical). Note that most of the bad reviews have to do with service and wait time ... not the quality of the food.. Our burgers - farm and euro - were cooked perfectly (you gotta leave them a little rare to truly enjoy them). The truffle parmesan fries OMG OMG OMG sooooo good! And my big surprise was the creme brulee pudding and Oreo milkshake ... it was heavenly (and I generally don't like shakes).. Go early because it's always busy (we waited 45 minutes at 6pm). It was worth the wait and certainly worth of future repeat visits! Way to go Gordie!!!
First time here! & it was amazing!! The wait wasn't bad. Estimated wait for 4 on a Sunday night was about an hour. What's cool was that they'll get your # & text you when your table is ready. I wouldn't recommend going too far just in case you miss your reservations. . . The manager, Benji & our server, Alex (w/glasses) was hilarious!! They definitely made our experience very enjoyable. The food was amazing! We had the farm & Hell's Kitchen burger, fish & crisp, truffle parmesan fries, maui onion rings, & jalapeno poppers. Jalapeno poppers are a must! Forgot the name of the beer, but it tasted just like fruity pebbles!! They'll know exactly what beer it is if you mention fruity pebbles.  It's a must try too. Must eat at Gordon Ramsey's Burgr & ask for Alex!!. . I'd definitely come back!!
YUM! Hubby and I split the blue cheese burger and we added duck bacon.  Wished after the fact that we had both ordered our own! The sticky toffee pops where also delish!
Awesome. Everything was great and I rarely eat hamburgers. Service was on point and fast, no fluff. Drink refills automatic. Had the euro burger and sweet potato fries. If you want a good burger and experience, go here. Expect long lines at night or make a reservation or go during off peak hours.
Perfection. . The way all the flavors are brought together yum. Love the sweet potato fries also.
Ordered the portobello burger. It was amazing. Full of flavor. Only thing that could have made it better is if Gordon had a Vegan (egg free) bun. . Our server was friendly, funny and provided great prompt service! . . The wait can be a bit long at times but the experience is worth the wait.. The restaurant is located immediately off the casino floor of Planet Hollywood and you can also access from Miracle Mile shops. . . Cool decor and moderate prices (12 burgers if memory serves right) .  . Will be back for sure!. . Please thumb up/comment if you liked this review and I would count it a privilege if you chose to follow me as I review places I travel and visit. Thank you for taking the time to read! ~mp
The burger was delicious, also the veggie one.. I liked the fries, but one order is enough for two.. The pretty a polite waitress. The manager was careful and even accepted to take us a picture.. If you are a Gordon Ramsey fan, you must visit BurGR.. . You will wait in line at least 30 min to get in, don't get desperate.
This is the best place ever for an amazing dining experience! Make sure to ask for Alex with the glasses as your server. His knowledge of the menu is beyond compare, making your dining experience customized and one of a kind! Definately am coming back for lunch!
Woohoo! This place is great. I am going to have to say it was the best burger I have ever had. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger cook medium with a hazelnut coffee/chocolate pudding shake and sweet potato fries. Very busy so expect to wait unless you have a diamond card then you won't have to wait as long. It took us 15 minutes to get seated, the waitress took our order right away and the service was great.  Loud sport bar type atmosphere, well worth the wait and we are definitely coming back. A must go to for Ramsay fans!
The wait was like an hour long. This place was packed. The good thing about it was that they'll text you when your table is ready. So you can walk around the Miracle Mile shops until your table is ready.. . After finally getting a seat, I really liked the design of the place. The tables were all set up really nicely (the two seaters all in the middle). Gordon Ramsey's picture on the wall though was kind of over the top (at least that's what I thought). No need to promote yourself, we're already in your restaurant. Promote the food.. . I don't remember what burger I got, but it was pretty good. I remember I kept thinking so that's what a "gourmet" burger looks like and taste like. It was a bit pricey but not too much. We also ordered fries. Please note you can order 1 fries for 2 people as 1 order will be enough. It comes with 2 dipping sauces I believe.. . When I'm in Vegas and I'm not eating at one of the buffets, I'd probably come eat here again.
We were there on July 4th at Planet Hollywood and the sweltering heat kept us from exploring other dining establishments outside.  We very rarely eat fries and burgers because when eating out,  I prefer to eat dishes that  would be  time consuming to make at home. . We were pleasantly surprised with what we shared: Hell's Kitchen Burger, Truffle Fries and Oreo Shake.  More than enough food to share.. Burger:  I liked the roasted jalapenos.  Roasted and peeled and thick sliced...(not finely chopped from a can).. Fries:  Cooked perfectly (how can you mess up fries rt?).  Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and the grated fresh parmesan, truffle aioli, and truffle salt didn't hurt either.  I actually still crave those fries.. Oreo Shake:  Creme Brulee layer on top was a plus.. . I would actually go back next time we are there.
I expected to hate this place, but I loved it.. . I'm not thrilled by the gourmet burger trend. And I am not a fan of Gordon Ramsay. I ate at his steakhouse at Paris and it did nothing to woo me. When I heard about Burgr, I honestly had no interest. As far as I was concerned it already had two strikes against it. I expected more of the same... all glory, but no guts. However, my husband had lunch there and had a highly enjoyable meal. He returned and again it was top notch, it was no fluke. So, he convinced me to give it a whirl.. . We dined Sunday afternoon for lunch. Shortly after opening a line had already formed. We waited just a minute or two before we were welcomed and told that we could receive a text when a table was ready rather than waiting in line. It's a nice touch. We opted to wait it out near the bar since we were told it would be about ten minutes for seating for two.. . I admired the beer selection while we waited. A wall of taps is always a beautiful sight to see. I was also impressed with how much restaurant they were able to fit in the old poker room and total rewards booth. They really did a nice job with the space. . . Soon we were led to our table and we reviewed the menu. GR is plastered on the outside. This is the glory, I spoke of before. Fortunately, as I opened the menu I saw a glimmer of guts. The menu is simple. I adore restaurants that take the approach to do a few things and do them well. . . Our waiter welcomed us and apologized that the iPad drink menus were down, we were in need of rehydration so H2O is all we wanted anyhow so no love lost. We asked to get started with an order of the jalapeno poppers while we perused the menu. Instead of only one fiery surprise, we asked that they all be hot and he happily obliged.. . The poppers arrived in individual shot glasses. No sharing of dipping sauce required. This was awesome. There were no popper jousting wars over the sauce and you could even double dip if you wanted. The poppers are coated with panko, which makes the breading light, crisp and crunchy and the best part is that they are filled with cheddar. I was thrilled they didn't ruin them with cream cheese. Cheddar is the way to go and these had robust flavor. The jalapenos were tender and not a drip of water or grease pooled inside. I like spicy so with the seeds they had a bold kick. It was the perfect popper. No joke.. . I wished another order was on its way, but I knew we had plenty yet to enjoy. We ordered the sweet potato and truffle fries. It's far too much for two, but I love sweet potato fries and the husband loves steak fries. Neither of us are usually to fond of the other. But these? They are an exception. I didn't use the powdered sugar and I could do without the jalapeno mayo because the sweet potato fries were just right on there own. Fried crisp, yet fluffy in the center and not the least bit greasy. I was in heaven. They even won over my husband because of the jalapeno mayo he loved the sweet and spicy mix. The truffle fries were intoxicating from the moment they arrived. The scent of truffle oil is unmistakable. I was afraid the fries might be soggy or goopy, but no crisp and fluffy. I'm usually hate on steak fries but these were pretty darn tasty, uniform with skins and maybe soaked in a salt water bath? I'm not sure of the secret that sets them apart, but well done. Homemade ketchup and black truffle aioli accompany the truffle fries, but no sauce is required.. . Now on to the burgers, the Chanterelle for him and Hells Kitchen for me. Now the chanterelle burger is misleading it comes with argula and figgy-onion jam, but the mushrooms are not the star, it's that figgy-onion jam that shines. The onions are so wonderfully carmelized the sweetness is stellar, imagine French onion soup wrapped in a soft chewy bun. The chanterelles earthy flavor was lost, but I'm not complaining as a whole it works. It was a fantastic burger! It's just that the figgy onion jam is undersold. . . My Hells Kitchen was grilled to a perfect medium and had a great bun to meat ratio just like the Chanterelle, but it was the weakest link of the meal. Don't get me wrong it was a good burger with asadero cheese, avocado and jalapeno. But I wanted heat, with a name like Hell's Kitchen I was expecting a fiery bite, but it was a wimper. Heat didn't even register with my tastebuds. . . We weren't planning to get dessert, but watching the shakes go by was too tempting especially after a second look at the menu. The Oreo shake was right up my husband's alley and the hazelnut and coffee was made for me. We took the shakes to go. They were the ideal cool treat for a hot day. Creamy and luscious from the pudding.. . Prices are on par with the gourmet burger joints, but this one actually warrants the price tag. Service was great even though the restaurant was slammed. Guts and glory, well played Burgr. Well played.
I loved Burgr.  The night before we went to Holsteins (which will be another review) and I preferred Burgr over Holsteins.. . We went for lunch and had to wait about 15-20 minutes. Not bad.  We ordered the truffle parm fries, I had the Chanterelle burger, husband had the farm burger, and brother in law had Hell's Kitchen burger. . . I ordered mine medium rare and it was perfect. The figgy onion jam gave it a really nice sweetness but nothing overpowering. I much preferred this burger to my Holsteins burger. . . The truffle fries....oh the truffle fries.  So good I couldn't stop eating them, with the truffle aioli. I was so full but just kept picking at them because they were so good.. . Husband liked his but preferred Holsteins burger. Brother in law really liked his.. . I would definitely come back here for another great burger!
Easily one of the top burgers I have had anywhere in the US.. It was so good I went twice in two days.. The jalapeno poppers were not just artistic, but the best I've ever tried.. The burger was juicy and packed with flavor, just thinking about it makes my mouth salivate.. The frozen ice cream pops were also to die for.. This has become my favorite place to eat in Vegas.
This was the best burger I've ever had. Everything was seasoned wonderfully, and cooked to perfection.  The average price per burger is $15.99.  Everything is ala Carte thought.  You must try Gordon Ramsey's signature dessert the Sticky Toffee push up pudding.  IT IS WONDERFUL!!!
Was a little hesitant to try this place after a great experience at GR steak followed by a horrible experience at GR pub and grill. I was so pleasantly surprised!. The long looking line only took about 5 minutes to get through to a table, which was awesome. Our server and his busser were both friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. . You HAVE TO try the jalapeno poppers. One of them still has the seeds in them but its a surprise as to which one. It comes with a bacon cheddar dipping sauce that is to die for. . I got the farm burger with duck bacon and a fried egg. So freaking delicious. My boyfriend got the chili dawg which was incredible as well. . Definitely share an order of the fries, they are plenty for 2. . The cake pops at the end were the perfect finish to our amazing meal. . I am definitely willing to pay a little extra for this strip pricing burger place, and will definitely come here to fill a burger craving!
LOVED THIS PLACE!!. . I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan and have been wanting to go to one of his restaurants. This is the firs one of his that I have been to and it was GREAT! We came on a Monday night around 9:45-10:00. They said the wait would be about 45 minutes but it surprisingly was only about 20! We got seated and we were greeted right away by our server Callie. She was excellent.. . Appetizers- we had the Jalapeno Poppers- definitely reccommend! The presentation of them was great as well as the taste and the ranch sauce that it was dipped in. They make their ranch with Sour Cream with was so good! We also got the Onion rings- very good too and the chipotle ketchup was quite delicious!. . Burgr's- I ordered the Britannia Burger it was sooooo good! The mango chutney sauce on it was delicious and the meat was cooked perfectly. The other favorite Burgr at the table was the Hells Kitchen Burgr- looked very good too!. . Overall a great restaurant, with great food and excellent service. I love the atmosphere and I am looking very forward to coming back again and to Gordon Ramsay's other restaurants in the future! Keep it up BURGR!!!
I travel to Vegas several times a year, and Burgr was on my list of things to do this last trip. I took a couple of friends there with me. We all had the Farm Burger. It was amazing! It was cooked perfectly and had so many flavor profiles. I had really high expectations and they were met! I will be going back next time (August) for sure! Good job Gordon!
I came here on a Saturday night in the summer around 930. They quoted us a wait time of 70 minutes. We had our hearts set on this place, so we said we'd wait. But the best part was that they take your phone number and text you when your table is ready. This was awesome! We got to hang out in the casino and get drinks until our table was ready. Once we were seated we were shown the drink menu. The drinks all looked amazing. Unfortunately, I was the DD for the night. We ordered parmesan (sp?) truffle fries and they were AMAZING! No joke, the best fries I've ever had in my life. The burgers were absolutely delicious. They were cooked to perfection. I hardly ever order a burger medium, and get a burger medium. It's always too well done. But this was perfect. Two friends I was there with ordered their's medium rare and you could see that theirs were absolutely medium rare and noticeably different from my medium. My husband and I keep a list of our top 5 burger places (similar to 'the list' from Friends), and this place shot to the top. We also ordered the Oreo shake and the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Sticky toffee puddingis one of my all time favorites, but it was not at all good here. The shake was good, but I wish they had a malt option. Still, the sub-par desserts weren't enough to detract from the 5 star rating. Also, the servers' outfits are absolutely hideous, truly the most unflattering ensemble I could imagine for a server, but that's my only real criticism, which is hardly relevant at all.
EXCELLENT FOOD! Try the push up pops!!! Wait was only about 20 mins, line moves fairly quickly. If you have a party of 3 or more they will send you a text message when you are ready to be seated. Great service!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!
Everyone in our group had different burgers and there was not one unsatisfied soul despite our high expectations. All-round verdict was that the burgers were beefy, just like how a burger should taste. Sure beats In-n-Out Burger... don't think I'll be going to in-n-out anymore.... . Parties of three or more can leave their number and get a text message when their table is ready, which I thought was pretty neat as we could just walk around the PH casino. Parties of two have to stay in line but line looked like it moved pretty quick.
Ramsay, you did not disappoint! BurGR is one of those places that MADE my Vegas experience. This place seriously gave me one of the best burgers I've ever had! The burger creations were as eclectic as the place itself; the Farm burger being my favorite. The parmesan truffle fries were flippin' amazing, but it's best to share because they give you a lot of them (and you'll save on your bill!). Yes, BurGR isn't cheap, but the experience is well worth it. STEAK, you're next!
me and 2 of my girls came here on a Friday afternoon for lunch.. The awesome part of the process was they check u in and send u a txt when ur table is ready so u don't have 2 wait in line for an hour! LOVED that concept!. So we walked around. . . 20mins, I received a txt that my table was ready!. As soon as we sat down, we were greeted rt away by our amazing server, Alex!. He was funny and friendly.  Totally made our day and experience that much better!. . We ordered the euro burger, maui onion rings and the truffle fries.. OH MAHHH GAHHHH. . . the burger was so juicy and delicious! So much flavor!. Really liked the maui onion rings! Wasn't a big fan of the fries.  . We had 2 share the burger since it was so BIG (that's what she said!) . . amazing experience here! awesome wait time and process, amazing server, and delicious food! thanks for making this vegas trip UH-mazing!
Britannia burger was excellent, Chipolte ketchup and Parmesean ranch dip great
Place was amazing. We were told the wait was going to be 45 minutes for 2 people (on a Saturday at 7pm) and we went in 20.  Placed was packed! We sat at the counter so it was like sitting on "the Chefs" table. hehehe The Farm Burger was amazing and if you are goign to have an appetizer... you must try the chicken wings. The Honey-Wasabi was amazing!!
Absolutely delicious food and decent service. . . I was at a table with my boyfriend and a bunch of his guy friends and they ordered a ton of appetizers and sides, allowing me to try a girly bit of everything.. . Chicken wings are tasty and not too spicy. Jalapeno poppers were displayed a bit strange (like fingers sticking out of a shot glass) but also delicious and dipped in ranch to balance out the hot seeds inside. Sweet potato fries and regular fries were perfect and I really liked the curry ketchup.. . Burgers are HUGE and did not disappoint. I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger which I wished a bit spicier but still tasty and juice with flavor. I took a bite of the bf's Farm Burger and really enjoyed the fried egg that it came with. I think I liked that burger more than mine.  . . Shakes are too sweet for my taste when I took a sip of the bf's but everyone that ordered one seemed to enjoy theirs.. . Service was friendly but they could have been a bit more efficient with removing empty plates etc.
I would give Gordon Ramsay BurGR six stars if I could.   I'm still gushing over the lunch I had there in January with a buddy about two weeks the place opened, which made it easy to get into (more on this below).  . . My burger was probably the best gourmet hamburger I've had to date, and I've tried lots of them in Vegas and elsewhere, e.g.: I Love Burgers (Palazzo), BLT (Mirage), Holsteins (Cosmopolitan), and Burger Bar (Mandalay/Luxor). . From beginning to end, every member of the staff was professional and on his or her game.  There seemed to be a genuine desire to provide great service.  I found it to be very close if not equivalent to fine dining service.  The staff is obviously well selected and very well trained.  . . It's also a stylish, lively, fun place to eat some really terrific food.  . . There is, however, a rub.  Ramsay's restaurants are very popular, and when we tried to eat there during our recent summer trip, there was a line out the door that looked like it wasn't going to move very quickly, and we weren't willing to wait.  This was at about 2:30 p.m., by the way.
This place is amazing. Our server was Paul, he was great. He became my Vegas best friend. I was completely drunk but that does not mean I was not able to know how amazing this place is. OMG! I WILL be coming back next yr when we return. It might be a wait, but all you have to do is tell them at the front that you have a party of whatever amount of people, they tell you how long the wait is, and you're set to go. We stayed across the street at the Jockey Club and sent someone over to put our name on the list. We got to relax in our room for the hour it took. Showed up, waiting about 5 minutes, and got a seat right away for all 7 of us. It was amazing. The drinks are BOMB!
Really enjoyed my Hells Kitchen Burger, cooked perfectly and wonderful flavors. The truffle fries were also very good and for dessert I can strongly recommend the Oreo and Cream Brulee milkshake!
As a long time fan of Gordon Ramsay's televised work, I was extremely intrigued and excited by the prospect of eating at BurGR. I must admit the wait time was a little annoying, especially given it was 10:00 pm. However the scene, being placed in the center of the Planet Hollywood Casino was plenty stimulating to keep me entertained. . . I was very impressed by the pleasant wait-staff and the technologically savvy presentation of the menu - for example, they presented us with an ipad from which we could choose some of the most delicious cocktails I have ever had! My partner and I ordered the Brittania burger, the kale caesar and the parmesan truffle fries in addition to the skinny agave lemonade and the black cherry whiskey cocktail. Everything was DELICIOUS! The burger came with mango chutney, sharp cheddar cheese and arugula. My first bite took my breath away -  my taste buds were singing in heavenly harmony as the juices and the combination of taste and texture played a beautiful symphony on my palate. Hands down, the best burger I have EVER had in the entirety of my life - and I've had a lot of burgers!. . Given Gordon Ramsay's judgmental style I needed him to present a high standard of dining, and boy did he deliver. He has every right to criticize other establishments because he somehow found a way to invigorate the standard American bistro to perfection. . . Even though we only have two more days left in Vegas, we are considering taking another trip to BurGR because it was just. That. Great.
Wow, this place was amazing. The service was friendly and fast. love their beer selection. We started with the Hummus and the stuffed Jalapenos. The Hummus was pretty good but those Jalapenos were one of the best things I have ever eaten. I ordered the fish sandwich which was excellent except it had too much bread for my taste. My wife loved the Hells kitchen burger (she ordered it vegetarian with a portabello mushroom instead of meat). It's a little expensive but worth it.
Oh Boy! I cannot tell you how satisfied I was afterthe meal around 1 am in Gordon Ramsay BurGR.  This is my first meal in Vegas after a long flight from NYC.  Yes, I was extrememly hungry at the time and probably could gobble down a cow, but really; they do make serious, top quality burgers.  The services was excellent. Waitress comes around every 5 mins and see if I need any help.  They even explained and detailed everything about the food.  This place gives you a feeling of a 3 star restaurant but provides 4 star service and 5 star food.  I also tried the sweet potatoe fries with seasalt.  I was none stop eating it even though I don't really like sweet potatoes. It was done in an almost perfect way.  Crunchy outside and soft inside with their special sauce to dip in.  Its funny that I forgot which burger I ordered, but I manage to ate 1 and 1/2 burger since my GF cannnot finish it, both burgers were very tasty.  The price for the burgers was not Cheap, but it definitely worth every penny.  I will definitely like to try Ramsay's other Chain in the future.  There are reasons he awarded 15 Michelin's Star.
Here's your tip of the day: if you walk by this place and there's no line, GET IN LINE! . . Kinda pricey for a burger place (fries not included!) but dang it's good. If I have a hard time deciding on which menu item to get, that's always a good sign. . . Great beer selection, great food selection, great everything. . . Go here. Go now!
My wife and I are big Gordon Ramsay fans so when we saw the restaurant as we walked the strip we had to stop in.  It was noon and the line was a bit long, however the wait was only 20 minutes. This might indicate that they were churning out customers, however that was not the case at all. We spent time talking to the hostess, waiter and manager, however Gordon wasn't there. We missed him by 2 days.  . I was hung over so I opted for the Farm Burger which included an egg and duck breast bacon.  Perfect.   We also enjoyed onion rings which were the best I have ever eaten.  My only regret was that I was only able to finish 1/2 of my beer.  30 on tap.  . The service, food, prices and atmosphere are excellent for a casual meal.  . With so many choices in Vegas to eat its hard to go wrong, however I do not give out 5 stars often and BurGR well deserves all 5.
Im a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay..When i heard about this place i knew i had to try it..Well i did and I LOVE it..from the burgers to the fries and onion rings. I loved the curry ketchup. The burgers are your high end burgers..so its not cheap but well worth it. If you are a big burger fan you have to try this place whenever you are in vegas.
We were at miracle mile shopping bc the mall attached to the Aria is so ridiculous ($$$$) and decided to "grab a bite". Its so amazing but the burger was only pretty good. I've had angus ground that was more flavorful. The HOTDOGS were fantastic!!!!  Way better then PINKS outside planet hollywood which is famous for their hotdogs. The sweet potato fries with ketchup instead of that weird sauce that comes with it were gobbled up and fought over. We had reservations at le cirque, sage, nobu, tao, but this was our favorite and that's why we blew off lunch at bouchon to come here AGAIN! This time we had the jalapeno poppers which were INSANE, and hubby had a shake... which was ridiculous (its like pudding in a glass). British thing?? Overall the burger was very good but didnt compare to the insane hotdogs and fries. Everything was really high quality and i have to get that ketchup recipe!! ***Once in line they will take down your info and text you when your table is ready.
One of the best burgers ive ever had!! Im still trying to think of what other burgers ive had that were that good. I got the Blue Burger - medium, perfectly juicy and pink. It comes with Blue cheese and arugula. I asked to add the grilled jalapeno peppers in there (that i noticed the Hells kitchen burger had). So deeeelicious! Besides a good beef, the bun went just right (which really is half the battle!). The fries werent great, friendly staff and a modern, hip, gastropub ambiance. You must try it!
On FIRE! WOO! . . I have the hell's kitchen theme song stuck in my head after eating here!. . The restaurant is located in Planet Hollywood, and offers about eight gourmet specialty burgers! I never could imagine a burger getting this good. I even had it a day later and it was still amazing as left over food... . . AMBIANCE: The restaurant is vivaciously colorful- with bright red, black decor. The restaurant is also quite large-. There is also a bar area. The restaurant offers a variety of its specialty cocktails as well as specialty beers from the bottle or tap. Definitely modern and up to date as it just opened middle of 2013 in July.. . FOOD:. Truffle Fries- The SAUCES- This definitely turns the dish from good to extraordinary!. The fries come in a cone shaped container and there is plenty for a few people to share. Chipotle ketchup and Curry Ketchup. . Honey Pig Bao Buns- Great take on the Asian dish. The pork is well flavored and the bun provides a subtly sweet taste and soft texture that complements the pork and carrots. It comes with two buns to share!. . Chanterelle Burger- It comes with Chanterelle Mushrooms, Arugula, and a thick juicy beef patty. There is also an onion fig jam which gives the burger its special flavor. I also customized it with a sunny side up egg. The yolk combo on the burger is awesome!. . SERVICE: The service is impeccable. The waiters were attentive and helped serve us quickly and efficiently.. . Coming back again! I may try this is a late night snack next time to cure my munchies!
Did Not Disappoint!!. . As soon as you enter the seating area you smell it.  Chargrilled meat.  YUM!!. . Drinks were delicious and STRONG.   Try the jalapenomarg.  . . The burgers were fantastic and the chips (fries) are a must-try - if not for the garlic aioli alone.    This stuff should be served in a ketchup bottle it's so good.  I found myself slathering it on my burger.. . While pricey (2 people with drinks and shared fries = 70 bucks), it's worth it.    I coulda used a few more F-bombs though (Ramsey)
I was so excited to try this place. My friends and I were dying to try this place. Our wait was about an hour and 15 minutes. Some may say it's not worth the wait. Honestly, I can see why, but for my friends and I this was definitely worth the wait. Before I begin, let me say, the price may not reflect the portion size. However if you compare to any other burger places like Unami Burger and many others, the pricing isn't really that bad.. . The server we had provided great service. He took great care of us. He checked up constantly on us, never too much and not too little. He gave us many suggestions and explained each burger. Now most of us decided to get the Farm Burger. The Farm Burger came with a patty, obviously, fried eggs, greens, and duck bacon. I was thinking to myself, what the hell is duck bacon? I love duck, but I hate bacon, but the duck part had me. The burger was amazing. The duck bacon tasted like, well duck and bacon. I don't know how else to explain it. And the fried egg  complimented the other ingredients so well. My other friend had the Britannia Burger which came with mango lassi. At first my friend was skeptical about it. He said there was no way this was going to work on a burger. Well he was wrong that's for sure. I only had a bite of his burger, but from that bite it was really good.. We also ordered Honey- Pig Bao Buns which is an appetizer that consists of roasted pork belly. The only way I can describe this dish is those pecking duck white buns you get at Chinese restaurants. Instead of duck, it's pork belly. The pork belly comes in a white steamed bun with cucumbers, radish, cilantro, and a honey-hoision sauce.  The pork belly was slightly crispy with a little bit of fat. So it was very juicy and tender. . . We also ordered truffle fries and sweet potato fries. Usually I hate sweet potato fries, but these fries were delicious. The truffle fries on the other hand were a bit disappointing. Not because it tasted bad, but it was just a bit too salty. The fries came with a truffle aioli which was amazing, and also a roasted jalepeno steeped in honey and mayo sauce. . . Finally for dessert we had their homemade Toffee Pudding Push up Pop which was delicious. We also had the Oreo milkshake with creme brulee pudding on top. Now that was amazing. The Oreo milkshake was light and not too sweet, same goes with the pudding. It was one of the best shakes I had in awhile. It definitely beats Serendipity's frozen hot chocolates which is a total rip off.
Dear Gordon,. . Thank you for opening this delicious burger joint.  As usual, the service was excellent.  Our server was attentive and very friendly, too.  I also had the pleasure of sampling some appetizers and let me just tell you, you make the best jalapeno poppers I've ever had in my life.  The truffle fries are excellent as well! Of course, the burger was perfect and cooked to perfection. The meat was well seasoned and the temp was spot on.   Additionally, for a burger joint, the hot dog is pretty darn good.  It's actually my parent's favorite thing to order. . . Thank you again for an absolutely wonderful dining experience.  . . Best,. Lauren S.. Yelp, Long Island. . P.S. for everyone who thinks I'm crazy, I know this letter isn't really going to Gordon.  It's called - having a little fun here and there.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago.  Best decision for lunch!  . . We got there right before this ginormous line formed behind us.  I couldn't imagine waiting but we managed to get seated in ample timing.  Regardless, we would've waited and would have been happy with the wait.. . The decor is pretty cool.  I would describe it as clean cute and modern, and the huge fire wall definitely is an eye catcher.. . It took awhile for our server to actually get to our table but we didn't really mind since we were in awe of the restaurant itself and reading through the menu as well as drink/dessert menu on our very iPad at our table.  The placed it our table and told us how to navigate through it.  . . I can't remember the name of the burger I ordered but it had bacon and an egg on it.  I also order the parmesan fries and a beer.  The wait for the food was a little long but I think that's the time needed to make our burgers taste as delicious as they did.  So juicy and well seasoned!!!  You can tell how fresh the ingredients were.  It makes you really appreciate good food.  There were so many fries!!!!  Definitely enough for two people to share.  I was only 3/4 done with my burger and 1/2 way through my fries and was pretty full.  Despite how full I was, I had to finish that delicious burger.  The fries however, we couldn't finish. . . Overall, I will definitely eat here again.  The burger was outstanding and the staff was really helpful.  . . Gordon Ramsay, expectations were definitely met that day! :-)
A great experience all around. Had to wait for a little over an hour to be seated, but we were there on a Saturday during dinner, so it was kind of expected. And there was certainly plenty of entertainment around. . . The staff was friendly and attentive, the beer selection was wonderful. We had two delicious appetizers between five of us. . . When our food arrived, it was spectacular. We got three orders of fries between us, but the highlight of bunch were the truffle parmesan fries. So frakkin good. My burger was cooked a perfect medium-rare and was amazing. Definitely recommend the Farm Burger.. . I found the prices reasonable and will for surely return in the future.
So I kind of wanted this place to suck just so I could quietly mock Gordon Ramsey's giant ego while watching his 700 television shows. I figured he was so full of himself that this probably wouldn't deliver. . ...but that little egotistical dope proved me wrong.. . After waiting in a line as long as the Space Mountain queue my friend and I were finally seated at the high tables (because waiting for a real table would have taken even more time). After being seated and our drink orders were submitted and we opened our menus. A giant picture of GR - lovely. So obsessed with himself. . Anyway, after scrolling the menu - We made our decisions. Both would be getting the farm burger (i added grilled onions). We also ordered the parm fries to share. . . Soon enough our food arrived and the presentation was on point. Still hesitant, I bit down. F word. This BurGR was good. I hate you Gordon Ramsey. . Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked. I was full about half way through, but this lady pulled a fatty move and finished every freakin bite. Every last delicious one. . . The fries however, weren't worth mentioning really. Overpriced and under delivered. I wasn't a huge fan. The dipping sauce was good, but I probably wouldn't bother ordering them again. Luckily we split them - and there were plenty to be split. . . Also, I really wish I had more room because the shakes and desserts sounded absolutely incredible. I might have to take a special dessert trip just to try them. Or have a burger, do some shopping in PH and come back? Yeah good plan. . . All in all, this place is delicious. I could do without all the damn selfies of GR, but other than that - the decor was nice. Modern, clean, open. . . I will definitely be back. It will probably be my go to spot for Vegas lunch/dinners. . It's pricey, but it's worth it. Don't tell Gordon.
Literally the best burgers I've had. Ever. The restaurant is a simple burger orientated place but with a very elegant and sophisticated twist. Very modern and spotless cleanliness. Food presentation is excellent compared to other restaurants in the same category. And food preparation is excellent you don't wait long after you order to receive the food!. . Now down to the actual food, had the farm burger and Hell's Kitchen burger cooked medium well. The meat was tender and cooked perfectly to your order, the bread bun is toasted perfectly with just the right amount of butter. And of course the burger toppings were top notch, when you receive your burger it looks like it came out of a food magazine. . . When you take that first bite to the last, not a single drop of juices or fat come off and hit the plate. All the taste is sealed inside the burger and you'll know by the end of the meal by looking at your plate you just had a high quality burger by the fact your plate will be clean free of the juices. The portion is also spot on and perfectly hits the spot without the heavy feeling after eating at most other burger joints.. . The fries are also a work of art, perfectly cooked and served with 2 unique but perfect blends of ketchup, chipotle & curry ketchup. One order is enough to enjoy and share with 2 people.. . All in all its Gordon Ramsay's spin on something simple as a burger joint, you won't be disappointed. There will be a bit of a wait to get in (45 min to 1 hour) but that's what you get for good, healthy, quality food. This place is priced above average so prepare a little dinner for 2 will be around $40 with drinks.
hell's kitchen burger- so good. It has a lot of flavor and I love how beefy it is. I like that it has enough kick to keep ya hooked, but not too much spice to put your mouth on fire. All the ingredients mix in your mouth to create beautiful fireworks of flavor. The truffle fries were good too! A little dry though....to be honest. If you're on a budget opt just to get the burgers here bc the truffle fries ARNT a total must. Overall experience was great though :). . . BUY FOOD HERE INSTEAD OF GETTING FAT AT THE BUFFETS
I have watched quite a few episodes of Gordon Ramsay's Hell's Kitchen and also Kitchen Nightmares, so having the opportunity to eat at one of his restaurants was pretty exciting. . Burgr is located in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. The atmosphere is great- dim lighting showcasing the fire effects around the restaurant. Burgr does not take reservations, so be prepared to stand in line to wait for a table. However, the wait for a party of 2 was only about ten minutes. Not bad!. Now, on to the food. I got the Hell's Kitchen burger which was amazing! I ordered it medium, and that's just how it was cooked. The roasted tomatoes were a nice change to the traditional sliced, fresh tomato, and added great flavor on addition to the avocado and peppers. My husband ordered the Uber Cheese burger medium rare and enjoyed it as well. If you are thinking about ordering fries, the Parmesan Truffle Fries are a must!! One order is more than enough for 2 people. . Now dessert.. For any of you who have watched the UK version of Kitchen Nightmares, you know how much Sticky Toffee Pudding is mentioned. And it just so happens to be on the menu here in the form a push-pop with salted peanut ice cream. Another must-try!. My husband & I thoroughly enjoyed our meal at Burgr and are looking forward to our next visit there.
Yelp defines the five star rating as something that is "as good as it gets", and Gordon Ramsay's BurGR absolutely fits that description. I will go out of my way to try and find a great burger, and I've had some awesome ones, but the ones I had here were some of the very best I've ever had anywhere. Ever.. . First impressions: Being in Vegas it's got that upscale feel to it. We had a short line when we got there, about a 15 min. wait, and the giant interactive menu on the wall is sweet. The bar is very cool with the ice wall behind the taps, and the open kitchen and the flames along the walls are nice eye candy.. . Service: Service was excellent! The bartenders were great and our server was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and attentive. Love the iPad that you get that shows the drink list and gives descriptions. Draft selection was small but had a nice variety and great quality beers.. . Food: We ordered the Farm burger, Euro burger and the Brittania, and they were every bit as amazing as I was hoping they'd be. The burger patties themselves were out of this world. Cooked perfectly to order. Moist and tender on the inside, and a phenomenal mouthfeel and chew. The blend of cuts was awesome, and the texture of the short rib in particular was stellar. The natural taste of the beef really shined through, and the fact that they're grilled over a wood fire gives them an added depth of flavor that you just can't get with a plain gas grill like most other burger restaurants use.. . A burger patty should be good enough that you could eat it on its own, with any sauces or toppings only serving to compliment the protein, and that was definitely the case here.. . The Farm burger with its duck bacon and quail egg was ridiculously delicious. The Brittania with the mango chutney had a nice sweetness to it. My personal favorite was the Euro burger. The goat cheese and truffle aioli just sent the burger over the top. In each burger the different flavors were perfectly balanced.. . The jalapeno poppers were really good, as were the onion rings. The chipotle ketchup that came with the rings was particularly tasty. I wish I could've brought a bottle of that stuff home with me.. . Is it more expensive than most other burgers? Yes. Is it overpriced? No.. Could you find bigger, heavier burgers? Yes. Is it any less satisfying? No.. . Some people have this idea that the more a burger costs, the bigger it should be. Uh, no. The more it costs the BETTER it should be. If all you want to do is pinch pennies and get the biggest burger possible for your money, walk down the street to Fatburger, or find some fast food chain. But you get what you pay for, so if you want quality, if you want the absolute best burger in Vegas, and certainly one of the best anywhere, Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is the place to be.. . I'm just gonna say it... there are a lot of reviews by people saying the burgers are just okay, or nothing special, etc. Those people have no idea what they're talking about.
So I show up to grab a burger from BURGR, of course the line was about an hour wait, but when the hostess saw me she said I can go straight to the bar so good eye for that. The bar was packed but no worries. I ordered a Black Magic and sat down Lala has the perfect pour and with 30 beers on tap you can't go wrong.  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and parm truffle fries both were on point, I am certain this will become a favorite spot for me.
Euro Burger!!! Oh my, how i miss thee already. Atfirst i thought I wouldn't like this place. I really just wanted to check it out because It's a Ramsey restaurant.. . The price was reasonable which was a pleasant surprise. The wait was not bad either because It's one of those eat and get out quick type of setup. Staff were awesome and seemed like they genuinely care about the customers. . . So I tried the Euro Burger and Truffle fries. I had to literally eat slow because I wanted to savor the moment! Fries were nice and crunchy outside, moist and tasty inside. The truffle sauce... Oh man, the truffle sauce! Can't get enough of that thing. It was sooo good that having only one cup was not enough. . . Now here comes the Euro Burger. Meat so juicy, sauce oh so darn good. Even the bun tasted amazing. Hands down one of the all time top 5 burgers that I tasted so far. I can probably eat 5 of them at once if my stomach was big enough. . . Sure the place looks like a tourist trap but don't let that stop you from visiting this place. The next time i visit Vegas, I will definitely get me some Euro Burger again.
This place is awesome! My boyfriend and I saw this restaurant featured on GR's masterchef and decided to try it when we went to Vegas. We went about a week ago and were definitely pleased! The decor is really modern and the fire wall thing is pretty cool. I'm a vegetarian, the earth burger seemed a little blah. Our waiter, Mike, who by the way was awesome let me get the Hell's Kitchen burger with the portobello burger. The burger was amazing! Tons of flavor. The onion ring were some of the best I've ever had. My boyfriend had a shake, which was delicious and the farm burger which he also said was one of the best burgers he's ever had. The prices aren't to high considering its Vegas where a slice of pizza costs more than $10. Definitely a must try when you go to Vegas!
Being a big fan of Gordon Ramsey - whether it's on Hell's Kitchen, MasterChef, or just his cooking in general - I was definitely willing to wait 45+ minutes to try his restaurant in Vegas. No matter what time, there is always going to be a wait to eat here. But trust me, it's so worth it! They also call you when your table is ready, so you can go get drinks or gamble before you dine.. . Burgers here are around $15. Sure, it is a little pricey for burgers, but it's a gourmet burger! My best friend and I ordered the Euro Burger and the Farm Burger. And you HAVE to order the fries.. . - Truffle Parmesan Fries: SO SO SO GOOD. (Do I need to say more?) The truffle aioli dip is to die for! Everyone at the table could not stop eating this.. - Sweet Potato Fries: These were also delicious, but nothing too unique. The honey jalapeno mayo was a good dip paired with the sweetness of the fries.. - Euro Burger: truffle aioli, goat cheese, and arugula = paired really well together. . - Farm Burger: duck breast bacon, cheddar, and a fried egg. The fried egg was on point!. . Not only was the food a (super awesome) party in your mouth, the service here was impeccable. The servers were very friendly and attentive to our needs. And a lot of them are cute girls!. . By just watching his cooking shows, you know that Gordon Ramsey has high standards for food. And you can really tell with his restaurant. Having an awesome experience here, I'm for sure going to try all his other restaurants!
I came here with my boyfriend after a long day of walking around the strip. We waited in line for maybe 30 minutes, which isn't so bad. When it was our turn to get seats, we got the bar. The bartenders were funny and friendly so it made it an even better experience. For the food, I had the farm burger and some of the truffle fries.. . The Farm burger intrigued me because of the duck bacon. I love duck and I love bacon so I really wanted to see what duck bacon was all about. It was crispy and delicious. The burger also had a fried egg. I like how the egg yolk flows out and gives the burger a sauce. I got the burger medium rare so the meat was moist. . . The truffle fries were delicious, definitely recommend. It came with ketchup and some salty garlic dipping sauce? Either way, I wish I had a bigger stomach and a faster metabolism so i could finish more of it. =]. . I would go back again if I had the chance.
Simply amazing. Went here for my birthday on Friday night for a late night dinner. There was a long line of people waiting when we got there, but the hostess took our name and we were able to get a text message when our table was ready...so we found a bar and drank until it was! Awesome :). . We had the jalapeno poppers, regular and truffle fries, shake #5, and we each got a burger. I got the blue burger and added duck bacon, which was killer :) medium rare perfection. Everything was top notch. For 5 of us, it was $125. Reasonable for a delicious Vegas bday dinner! Would totally go back!
A group of 4 of us showed up here at 6pm for dinner, only waited about 20 minutes on Friday night. We were starving, so we quickly ordered a round of their signature cocktails, jalapeno poppers and beer-battered onion rings to start. These items might sound like normal bar entrees.... nothing of the sort.  Both were original, high quality and amazingly savory and bursting with flavor.. We ordered the Whiskey Cherry lemonade, Skinny Tangerine Screwdriver thing, Jalapeno 'Rita and another lemonade cocktail. We were all very happy with the originality of them... and alcohol content!!. Dinner was Farm Burger (A++), the chicken burger (A+) and the Four Cheese Burger with duck bacon added (A++). . The sweet potato fries, dusted with powdered sugar and the honey jalapeno aioli.... pure genius in that combination.. . We are already planning a trip back... mostly because we want to make it to their amazing desserts next time!!
OMG. There are no words. Had to hit this place while in town. The wait was not bad for 2 people, and if it was, we would've waited anyway. (And you should too!!) It is less busy upon opening at 11 am, and later at night. Did not try the appetizers because we wanted the shakes. Will try some next time though. We ordered the cookies & creme shake that had creme brulee pudding in it! To die for! My Hubby (we were honeymooning), had the coffee shake with- wait for it- hazelnut pudding! He also had the Hells kitchen burger. (mine was better). I got a euro burger. It was cooked to perfection and had truffle aioli on it. Unreal. Could be the best burger I have ever had. Ever. The burgers were def big enough- so big we split one on our second trip there. Also had truffle fries which also have the amazing truffle/garlic aioli for dipping. I can't express how delicious the aioli was. I was practically licking the bowl. Could not leave without having the sticky toffee pudding push pops!! Too cute. Very good, but not as good as the original sticky toffee pudding offered at Gordon's gastropub @Caesars. Can't wait to go back! My one gripe- they don't let you call ahead for take out. We wanted to grab more Gordon for the plane ride home.
So I'm probably not the first one to say I went here just to see what GR is all about! He talks so much about how great he is so I had to prove him right or wrong. He was right! I loved it! I didn't think burgers and dogs could be so different. Plus it also helped that the service was phenomenal! Ask for Alex with the glasses but be warned...you won't be allowed to order what you want! Lol! He wouldn't let me get plain fries and insisted on getting the truffle fries and he was so right! He made my visit very memorable. He entertained us and I got to meet basically all the staff! He told us how great GR was and that he's nothing like the prick they try to make him seem. Personally I think the guy is so level headed and straight forward just like his menu here. The bun was toasted just right for my dog and the sausage had a kick to it that was pretty f-ing incredible. It was just good food. I will go back every time I'm in Vegas! Thanks Alex!!!
Loved this place!. . Ate here on our last day in Vegas and we sure are glad we did.. . The waiter we had was extremely knowledgeable in the menu and pretty much ordered for us because we couldn't decide... and we're so glad he did.. . First the onion rings came out, and oh man.  They were good.  And the cheddar ranch? To die for.  It was gone in less than a minute.  Also ordered some fries that were great.. . I had the farm burger and it was delicious.. . DON'T THINK THE PORTIONS WILL BE HUGE.  They aren't, just normal size.  If there was any disappointment to my experience it would have been that.  But it's not Hash House A Go-Go, and I was definitely full afterwards.. . And the presentation of the whole place was great, felt pretty fancy eating there.
Great food, decent prices considering it's Vegas and also it's Gordon Ramsay. The cocktails were also very good. Try everything and don't feel bad about splurging, you get a good bang for your buck!
I eat at Holsteins every time I stay at the Cosmo, and BurGR is a good alternative and right across the street.  The burgers are just as good, but a bit more pricey.  I probably wouldn't go here on a regular occasion if it were located at home, but money has a different definition in Vegas.
Tried to go here on a weekend one time but skipped it due to the hour plus wait. A coworker and I went midweek and got in quickly.. . We started with the onion rings which were quite good. Nice batter, crisp, not overly thick. They camewith chipotle ketchup and a cheddar ranch sauce which was fantastic.. . Friend ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger which he said was a lot spicier than expected but still delicious. I had the Britannia burger (cheddar + mango chutney) which was quite good but I would have liked to had a little more bite from the cheddar.. . We also had the regular fries which were some of the best I've had in a long time. Piping hot, crisp on the outside, fluffy inside, and perfectly salted.. . One of the top burgers I've had in town. Other noteworthy burgers are at Burger Bar, DW Bistro, Ogden's Hops & Harvest, and Nob Hill (which closed to make room for Pub 1842 which doesn't have the same amazing burger).
Awesome burger joint in planet hollywood. We had the hells kitchen and euro burgers, which were fantastic! Must get the truffle fries...I recommend at most two people per order :) Their toffee push pop was a little too sweet & rich for my personal taste...left me feeling extremely heavy after the heavy meal. Also great selection of beers on tap!
The wait wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Got seated and the bar, and was immediately grateful for that. The bartender (I think his name was John?) was extremely nice and even joked around with us for a bit. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger, which many have said is spicy. I really like spicy food and can handle a good amount of spice, so I figured what people were saying was a bit of an over-exaggeration. I ordered it, took a bite, and was a bit disappointed because it wasn't all that spicy. However, the more I ate the burger, the spicier it got, which I loved. The food was good, the service was great, and there is a pretty good selection of beer available. Beats the $40 burger and fries that I ordered through room service at my hotel, and cheaper too!
One of the best burgers I've had!!  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and it was AMAZING!!!  The onion rings are awesome and definitely enough to share.  The chipotle and curry ketchups are the best!  I also suggest the Toffee Pudding Push-up Pops.  Even if you don't think you have enough room, get one of these awesome desserts!. . We didn't have much of a wait.  It's cool that they text you when your table is ready, so you can walk around the casino, gamble or shop while you wait.. . I cannot wait to go back!
Service is just phenomenal and burgers simply delicious. My favorite is the Hell's Kitchen Burger which has jalapenos.
I'm a huge Gordon Ramsey fan and finally got to eat at one of his restaurants in Las Vegas, Burgr Bar. We went around 3pm which was perfect because the wait was only about 15 minutes. During lunch and dinner expect to wait at least an hour. I personally loved the atmosphere and the food is awesome!  Seriously, how can a hot dog be that good?!  The burgers were just the right size and juicy. The flavor of all the food was awesome!  The beer battered onion rings were a delicious start to our meal. The Parmesan and Sweet Potato Fries are a great pair for the burgers.  I can't wait until I go back to Vegas next year so I can try one of his other restaurants.
Yes, I've seen Ramsay's shows....and yes, he comes across as a screaming maniac. But after seeing Kitchen Nightmares and hearing him preach about how to make a successful restaurant, trust me: DUDE KNOWS WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT, and he absolutely practices what he preaches.. . A little bit pricy, but hey, it's the Vegas strip, so what do you expect? I'll tell you what to expect:. . BEST BURGER EVER. And I live in Chicago, where there's no shortage of awesome burgers.. . I told the wait staff that if Chef Ramsay happens to show up while I'm there, I want to buy him a drink for having such good burgers on the menu. I was told he does go there surprisingly frequently and that he's really cool...
I loved it here. Service was impeccable as well as the food. We had the onion rings, truffle fries, and I had the euro burger. Our onion rings came out just a few moments before our food which seemed slightly rushed but wasn't a big deal at all. Our waitress came over and apologized for the late appetizer and proceeded to take it off our check. Great surprise! Especially considering it wasn't a big deal at all. Everyone was super friendly and the ambiance was great. . . Our waitress told us Gordon himself had been in 2 times in the past 3 months which is a nice surprise and shows he cares. I figured his service and food would be good considering who he is and what he does but it definitely went above and beyond for me. What I think is the defining factor of a restaurant is whether or not I'd come back. Ill definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
This place is everything a burger place should be. Don't be afraid of the weird burger names. They're all delicious. The meat is cooked perfectly and the burgers are very juicy (not greasy). And don't forget to try the shakes. Definitely a unique twist on the everyday dessert.
I was so excited to try out BurGr. It was everything I thought it would be. We waited in line for a bit but it was worth it. I had a simple cheeseburger and fries with a soda. It was delicious! The meat was well cooked and I loved the designer ketchups. The decor was fun and clean. The service was fantastic. Our food came out quick and our server was friendly and helpful.
The drinks prior to the meal may have enhanced the whole experience, but it still lived up!! The hubby and I came late in the evening, we shared the burger with duck bacon on it, and fries... it rocked my world :) Up there with the best of the burgers I have eaten... The sticky toffee pudding sticks were sooooooo amazing - the ice cream.  It was soooo grainy, I got through it to get to the pudding!! Great waiter also!! Super nice!!!!!!
My girlfriend and I went there in August '13 and it was a great experience. The food was really good and the service was even better. After aproximately 30 minutes in the line (they don't take reservations) we were seated at a table close to the kitchen. At the table you get an interactive drink menu with info on all the cocktails, beers and wine. My GFs cocktail (slow screw) was good, but a bit too sweet for her taste (she didn't know what kind of drink it was beforehand). As a starter we shared the fury chicken wings. They were heavenly! The meat fell off the bone as soon as you cut into them. As for flavours - the mild ones were absolutely delicious. The spicy ones had blue cheese on them and I am not a big fan of blue cheese because I think its destinctive flavour overthrows all the others. But in combination with the spices it really worked out well. . My GF then had the Earth Burger and from what I tasted it was really good. The goat cheese really made it into something out of the ordinary. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and it was absolutely mouthwatering. The meat was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and the whole palette of flavours was great. As a side I had the Beer Battered Maoi Onion Rings which were delicious as well. The house made Ketchup and Ranchsauce really stood out. My GFs Sweet Potatoe Fries were good, but we both didn't care for the sugar on top of them!. Sadly we were both too full to order some Shakes because they looked awesome.... . The service was perfect! We had the cutest waitress (can't remember her name though). She was quick, attentive and friendly. Just what we expected.
Best Burger I have ever had ,you can expect to wait a bit but the line moves fast and don't expect a Whopper once you get there this is the Real Deal the Truffle Fries are Great too priced Fair and Good Sevice makes this Must Try Place
Most amazing burger I have ever had ... Drinks were pricey and the wait was long but it was totally worth it
I can't wait to go back to Las Vegas and eat here again. I love the place. I did not have to wait at all despite a long line. The food was absolutely phenomenal. Selection of drinks was great. I love their iPad drink menu! Service was top notch. 5 stars all the way. Good job Chef Ramsey!
The hype for this place is everywhere so I decided to check it out with some coworkers. It was absolutely hyped for a reason. One of the best places in Las Vegas to get a burger!. . I ordered the Farm Burger. It was a sesame see toasted bun, with fried egg, english sharp cheddar, and duck breast bacon. It was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth! The egg was cooked well and their was yolk in every delicious bite. The duck breast bacon good, but I expected it to be more savory. It's okay though because the burger made up for it!!. . For appetizers we got parmesan truffle fries, jalapeno poppers, and wings. The truffle fries were the best out there. Lots of parmesan cheese and the best part of all was their house ketchup sauce. It worked amazing with the fries. The jalapeno poppers were good too. They came in a cheese sauce that cooled down the spice. The chef included seeds in one popper making it a game of roulette for which one had it. It came down to the last one! I split it with my coworker and it was spicy!. . The wings I weren't a fan of. They bring out a duo, one more traditional buffalo and the other wasabi style. The cool thing is they scrape away some of the meat so you don't get your fingers very messy and can hold the wing by the bone. But unfortunately neither style of wings worked for me. The traditional had a good spice but it wasn't anything great. I took one bite of the wasabi and that was it. It wasn't spicy at all, but kind of sweet and it just didn't work for me at all. . . All in all I plan to return and soon. The menu is decently priced, better than I was expecting. The food was amazing and I can truly say they do a burger right.
If you go when it first opens up then the wait to get through the door is less than 10 minutes. We had a party of 6 but if you're only a couple you'll be seated much faster or sit at the bar. The customer service was excellent and very fast considering it was a full house within 10 minutes of opening the doors.. . We started with the jalapeno poppers - be careful because one of them still have the seeds and stem hidden - other than that little surprise those suckers are pretty good. You only get six but well worth it.. . I got the Farm Burger medium and my hubby for the Blue Burger medium rare. The burgers melt in your mouth and they do not need any type of sauce. . . The Farm Burger has a fried egg with duck breast bacon and sharp cheddar cheese. I cut mine in half and watched the egg drip over the burger...yummers!. . Overall I'd go back. It's a little on the expensive side but hey its Chef Ramsey so its worth it at least once.
I love love love this place! I can honestly say this is the best place to have the best burger in the valley! (followed closely by Bachi). We were here just this weekend to celebrate my father's birthday and I've been looking forward to my visit here since I first had their sliders and their sticky pudding from Vegas Uncork'd. And they haven't disappointed. We got there around 6pm and there was a line. The hostess took my name and for how many and told us the wait would be about 30min and that they'll shoot us a text message when our table is ready. About 10mins after they sent us a message saying our table is ready. Yay! We were promptly seated and let me just say our server was great. My brother got the Hell's Kitchen burger, my dad had the Chanterelle, my mom the American, and I had the Britannia. All of them were really good and juicy! Perfectly seasoned and cooked. And did I tell you that their TRUFFLE FRIES were to die for?! We had to order two of them cuz my daughter, who's a picky eater, wouldn't share any!! And don't forget to order from their bar! Their antioxidant cocktail was bomb!! I couldn't stop talking about it the next day and would definitely be back! :)
All my food was very tasty here. I rarely give 5 stars but Alex with the glasses made my experience all the more special. He knew our table's taste buds down to a t! My mom is a picky eater and likes simple foods but he picked out a great burger and beer and she had no complaints. She was even surprised that she liked duck bacon. He suggested I get a half Guinness and half Sam Adams cherry wheat beer which was also great! The sticky toffee pudding in the push pop form is a must! I had the the chanterelle mushroom burger which was excellent. The food alone is worth 4 stars but Alex with the glasses made me give 5 stars!
Amazing burgers; pretty unique and well-presented. I wish the environment were not as busy but this won't overshadow your experience at BURGR. I recommend the farm burger and the Oreo shake. Great value. Friendly staff. 5 stars!
Awesome service. Awesome food. Couldn't ask for more. Must try this place out. The workers know what Ramsay wants in service and food. Meets his standards. Don't miss out. Yum!!
Went twice in the past month because this place serves a damn good burger and is an incredible value for Vegas.  The Hell's Kitchen burger is my favorite, but twice I've been with vegetarians and they were really happy with the Earth Burger.  My man liked the burger with duck and egg the best.  Jalapeno poppers are outstanding, but I would have been upset if I had gotten the really hot one.  And their milkshakes with pudding are incredible.  Truffle fries were whatever.. . If you have a player's card (Total Rewards) for Planet Hollywood (or any of its sister casinos), most of the menu items are $1 off.  I like that a lot!. . Also, if you have 3 or more in your group, you can give your info to the hostess and they'll text you when your table is ready.  That is awesome... so go gamble and get your free drinks while you wait!
Pretty cool check in system...wait was 35 minutes...Good is here!
AMAZING! Waited in line for 20 minutes, which I thought took days! But it was all worth it! Our waitress was very friendly and prompt. Hell's Kitchen Burger was exceptional! What did it for me were the Jalapeno Poppers & the Creme Brulee Oreo Shake. Absolutely delicious! Everything from the burger to the ketchup had a unique taste to it. For a food lover like me, this is definitely a must have!
Bomb dot freaking com. Came here during the last day of our labor day weekend trip and so glad that we did. The burger was so damn hood. I had the farm burger with duck breast bacon. So tasty. I don't eat pork so I can't comment on it's authenticity. . . My boy ordered the hells kitchen burger and his exact words were "I've never tasted a burger like this". In other words the food is awesome. . . Our waitress on the other hand was okay.  Took too long for waters.  The hostess were great though. We had to wait an hour for our table but that's expected at such a popular place.
Ok I thought for sure it wouldn't live up to the expectations. I was wrong. It is just like you would expect
Everyone must try the MILKSHAKES =D OMG!!!! It's heavenly! You can even get the mlikshakes to go hehe! I got the Hell's Kitchen burger and shared the sweet potato fries with my friend. The burger was juicy and the bun was cooked perfectly.
This is such a cool restaurant!  First time here and the food was so good!  The service and the waitress we had was great too!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone!  So cool to Be at too
HOLY CRAP Ramsay you did not disappoint me! Everytime I look at the pictures of the burger I ate here, I get so hungry and can still taste every bite of it. This is how food should be people!. . We were hungry after watching a Cirque du Soleil show at Aria and debated between Holsteins, Ramsay's, or Bachi Burger. Being that it was really late when we got outta the show (around 10pmish?) We didn't wanna drive off the strip, so it was between Holstein's and Ramsay's. To be honest when I browsed the menu at GR's through my yelp app, nothing stood out compared to Holstein's. I guess that's the magic and how you truly know a restaurant is good. Rather than advertising like crazy with "kobe beef this organic that blah blah" Ramsay's menu was short & simple. No rants and raves about how or where their meat and food are sourced, yet the beauty is still presented in the food.. . The restaurant is located inside PH, but it's on the outer edge toward the strip, you can't miss the sign near Pink's Hot Dogs and the stairs. When we arrived we didn't have to wait at all, maybe 10 mins max. I loved the open kitchen and we were lucky to get a table near it so we could see the chefs do their thang. The menu was cute & simple with a picture of Ramsay. Our server was such a nice guy I forgot his name, but I think he might be the manager? He gave us a run down of all the items and even let us browse the ipad for their different shakes etc.. . NOW ON TO THE GOOD STUFF:. . I was debating between Hell's Kitchen Burger & Farm Burger, but the server was nice enough to let me know he could place the order for Hell's Kitchen Burger and just add the duck breast bacon with egg for me. WELL HOT DAYUM thank you! It was the best creation ever made. I swear they should make it a permanent menu item. The burger was a perfect blend with the roasted jalapeno peppers, duck breast bacon, and fried egg. OMG dat fried egg!! If you see my pic http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/6aMGpHWfe9vlUMfwPj5uMA/l.jpg it's cooked perfectly with the yolk running beautifully after a slight pat down on the bun. I LOVED the duck breast bacon as well. It was crispy and tasted better than regular bacon YEAH THAT'S RIGHT I SAID IT. It wasn't greasy like most bacon would be. The avocado fan on the burger was ripe & buttery smooth as it should be. The heat from the jalapeno didn't overpower the burger, it gave the perfect kick to it. Honestly this burger was definitely worth the price!! The patties are a good size and juicy, it will fill you up. Also, I ordered mine medium rare and that's exactly what was delivered, I hate when burger places make the burger too dry or overcook the outside. Normally I get burgers protein style, but it's vegas so my diet did not exist and glad I got the buns cause they were soft yet toasted nicely :). . Chanterelle Burger - My friend ordered this w/ a double patty and I got a bite, but it was just average for me. Perhaps it was cause I ate my amazing burger creation first LOL. His patties were both cooked to perfect medium rare as well and was juicy. I liked the figgy jam they used with this burger as it added sweetness and complemented the mushrooms.. . Truffle Parmesan Fries - GOOD STUFF! Plenty of shredded truffle parmesan & the aioli was good, but I thought these fries tasted better w/ their curry ketchup. What I love best about these fries is the fact that it was thick cut and NOT SOGGY!! Each fry was crispy on the outside yet fluffy inside which is how it should be!. . Sweet Potato Fries - Again not one fry was soggy & I really loved the flavors they mixed w/ the fries. The vanilla powdered sugar added sweetness w/out making it feel like sugar overload. The honey jalapeno mayo was a great dip for the fries as well. Highly recommend if you're a sweet potato fan. . Honey-Pig Bao Buns - The server/manager guy that we talked to was such a sweetheart and hooked this up for us for free!! Love this guy he even gave me a free GR pen lol. Customer service at its finest. These were basically like the typical roast pork buns you see at chinese restaurants, but w/ Ramsay's twist. It was different than what I'm used to cause instead of plum sauce, they used honey-hoisin. The buns were soft and pork belly was fatty, but good.. . Planet Hollywood sure knows how to choose which restaurants are best to be in their casino. First Earl's of Sandwich and now GR BURGR!! I wanted to buy a shirt, but they didn't have my size :( I seriously am planning another vegas trip just so I can eat here again LOL. A lot of the tables ordered their shakes and it looked really good, but I was way too full to give it a try. Now that I'm back in Cali, I keep trying to find a burger place that will match what I ate at GR's, but have had no luck. BTW get a total rewards card! You'll get a discount on the food
A month ago, we decided to go try Chef Ramsay's Burgers. Definitely one of dee BEST food that I ever ate in my life! THIS IS FREAKIN' AMAZING!!! The first thing I noticed is Chef Ramsay's face on the menu. It made me laugh because his expression is hilarious. Idk that's just me hehe. The food here is definitely expensive for sure; of course, that's what do you expect from a michelin star chef ;) When I ate the hamburgers, I noticed how well the meat is cooked, how tasty and flavorful the hamburger bun was, and droolss. I'm in hamburger heaven!!! :D The fries were also delicious and it comes with two different kind of sauces. I like how seasoned the fries are. Oh and did I mention about the shake? OMG. So good! There's like a cookie on top of the pudding, which layers above the actual chocolate shake. It's very creamy and smooth compared to the all of the milkshakes that I ever tried. There's no sign of ice and chunks of chocolate; it's pretty much well-done. WOW. There should be more restaurants like this in the bay area!
You know, for Vegas this isn't badly priced! My bf and I love Gordon and his shows, and was excited to try this, and because my BF lovesss burgers. We were expecting like $20 for a burger, it was about $5 less, around $14-$17ish. The line looked very long, but we only waited for like 15-20 minutes. It wasn't a fancy burger place, we wore our regular clothes (shorts and a tee). Service was good. . . I thought it was a great burger because. 1. I finished it all. 2. The buns didn't get soggy in like 5 seconds. 3. The meat was very tender and flavorful. 4. It was the right amount/portion. 5. The bun was crispy or something was crispy that made it taste good. . Also, share a basket of truffle fries! We didn't even finish it because it was soo thickly cut. The Parmesan cheese on it was veryyyy tasty. . . It's worth a try!
Our dining experience here was definitely top notch. Waited in line for like 10 mins and got in. Service was definitely 5 stars due to the fact that the manager (Benji) sat us down and as soon as We asked him what was good there he took the time to ask how hungry I was and gave us a great pairing of of an app, entree, dessert, and drinks. The price was well worth it for high quality of food. . . We had the stuffed jalepeno poppers with an awesome sauce for our app. It was paired wit a spicy margarita and a blue moon pumpkin spiced beer that was greatly recommended by Benji the manager. When my lady got get drink b4 the app came out he expedited it so she didn't have to wait to drink wit it the app. We had the farm burger and the Hell's Kitchen burger! All I have to say is taste it and don't just read about it! I'm a food lover and it was the best burger I've ate so far till something else de-throwns it lol. I also like how every time a dish came out it was kindly explained by the friendly staff. Then for desert we had push pop ice cream cakes that topped of our great meals! If ur reading this stop and just got eat there! That's all I have to say! Ask for Benji and tell em Dean sent u! Deuces!
Gordon Ramsay BurGR! There's a huge flame wall outside the restaurant. You can't miss it. The entrance to it is kind of weird if you're entering from the casino side... gotta make a loop around to enter.. . == Food ==. . Hell's Kitchen Burger. Was it supposed to be spicy? Where's the heat. Bring me the heat! Sadness. Great tasting burger otherwise. Juicy with a nicely done bun.. . Jalapeno popper. There's 5 that are mild and 1 that's really spicy. It's a roulette game to see how the sucker is. The popper tasted great even the spicy one.. . Truffle fries were delicious with their sauces.. . == Service ==. . Wait to get in kind of sucks. It took around 20 minutes to get in even though the place was pretty big. The waiter was really nice and really tentative! Huge kudos to him. Wait for the food is a bit long also, but good company can make up for that.. . == Overall ==. . Slow to get a table and it's slow to get your food. The menus make a nice souvenir and the waiter can give you a coaster also if you want one. The burger is overall good! Truffle fries and Jalapeno popper were delicious. Didn't have anything that I didn't like here.
Amazing meal, not too long to wait, the food was really good and the service was smily and done with professionalism.
Il faut savoir etre patient pour gouter au burgers revisites par un Chef. Et aussi ne pas avoir peur des notes pouvant etre un peu salee. Et aussi manger dans une ambiance un peu bruyante.... Mais malgre tout ces points, les Burgers etaient succulent! Les frites a la truffe et parmesan aussi! Mais attention, une seule portion pour 2, largement suffisant!!
So I am from Chicago and I know good food.  I think Gordon is a pretty arrogant guy on his shows and am not the fondest of him.  My wife wanted to eat here so I agreed.  I will tell you as much as I hate to say it The Hells Kitchen Burger was the best burger I have ever had.  We actually went again on our trip just so I could try it again and it was just as good the second time.  A+ for service also.  The Onion rings were very good also.
What an amazing meal. From the attentive service to the food which was amazingly good. Will definitely come back as many times as I can. If you are visiting Vegas you got to go here to eat and enjoy the experience.
We arrived here on a Saturday night, expecting to wait quite a while.  We put our name in for a table and we were told there was a 45 minute wait... no problem, we're in the casino, we can pass time there, AND they'll text you when your table is ready!. . We were text paged our table was ready, and it had only been 20 minutes!  Fantastic!  There was about 8-10 choices on the menu for burgers, which was difficult to make a choice, since they all sounded soooo good.  We ordered sweet potato fries which are served with vanilla infused powdered sugar and we ordered truffle parmesan fries, also very delicious.  . . The service was outstanding!  We will definitely go back again!
Food: A+. Jalapeno poppers: were SO delicious and crispy. can not describe how beautiful it was, the little shot glasses with dipping sauce was perfect. especially with gordon ramsay's "special" surprise haha. Nice touch. Delicious to look at, delicious to eat. No exaggeration.. . Burgers were really really rich and filling, very delicious. Nicely seasoned. Didn't need ketchup or anything.. . Service: A+. After reading the reviews, thought the seating would be terrible; it wasn't we were sat right away. Service was impeccable. I would say I have never received better service anywhere else. Didn't check in too often, server was very knowledgeable in foods and drinks and our food runner presented the food really well. Pre-bussed our food right away; I mean what else can you ask for.. . This place was excellent.
The boyfriend and I do a few "staycations" here and there on the Las Vegas Strip. Where ever we stay is where we like to eat. Staying at Planet Hollywood we obviously ate at PH. There are a few places to choose from, and neither of us had tried BurGR, so we decided to pop a squat and eat. . The hostess was very sweet and informed us the wait for a table was about 30 minutes but we saw the "21 & older" area, there were a few open tables, so she sat us there instead. Now, knowing that this establishment is owned by Gordon Ramsay we expected to pay a few extra bucks but ultimately decided to just share our food because we were hungry, not starving..  We started with the Truffle Parmesan Fries, which are served with a delicious truffle aioli sauce,followed by some Jalapeno poppers, which were also amazing. We shared a Euro Burger which is patty, truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula, and a roasted tomato. Needless to say, I enjoyed my meal as did my boyfriend. Total wait for all of our food...20 minutes give or take, which I did not mind because there were distractions all around us that we were able to wait on and take our minds off of being hungry..  We must have came on a good night because reading some of these reviews people had to wait for their food for over 45 minutes, the service sucked, and then there are those who don't want to fork up a few extra dollars. You're paying for the Gordon Ramsay name, not necessarily the food. . . Anyway, I loved this place.
Started with the Jalapeno poppers and wow...SO yummy and crispy. (a lil spicy). They have a great selection of draft beer and will bring an iPad by your table to show drink options.. Farm Burgr was finger-lickin good and the Euro Burgr was just as appealing to the hungry person. And you have to order the fries seperate, highly recommend the sweet potato fries and ask for the three different ketchups, yum!
Ordered hells kitchen burger and was AMAZING! Best burger and fries I've ever had.
I am salivating as I write this review.  This place is Omg so good!. . Between four girls, we shared the following plates:. . Honey pig Bao buns: yum!!! . Hell's Kitchen burger: not over powerfully hot, just the right amount of heat, perfect paired with their sweet potato fries. Chanterelle burger: amazing! . Chocolate hazelnut pudding and coffee shake: fantastic!. Sticky toffee pudding push ups: it was good, not exactly a fan, but good nonetheless. . Great atmosphere, impeccable service, and the food is nothing short of excellent!. . Two thumbs up!
Dinner on a Sunday nite. Waitress Ashley C was very attentive, courteous, and hospitable. Scene was lively. Sunday Night Football was on their HD flat panels, so we were able to watch and din.
Really delicious everything!!! Waited in the line for a whole though. The waiters seem to be pretty busy so expect some delay. The food is totally worth it!!!
The service is very enthusiastic, eager to introduce most of the more "interesting" items on the menu. Our waitress also gave various recommendations, which made selections from the menu a bit less daunting. . . We ordered the following:. . -Beer battered Maui Onion Rings. . Very good, when paired with the condiments, it may be one of the best onion rings I've ever had. Does not have too much batter and still has enough onion; very well balanced.. . -Truffled Fries. . Has the faint scent and taste of truffles.  Very well balanced, as the truffle does not overwhelm the fries, but definitely helps elevate the overall quality of the fries. Very good.. . -Hog Burger. . A great and ingenious burger. They were able to couple the smokiness of the grill and the richness of the pork to produce a very well balanced burger. It tasted a bit like Chinese roasted pork belly, but the richness is mellowed by the house made mayonnaise. The smokiness of the porky patty was just amazing, the balance with the sesame bun and the arugula... just great.. . Gordon Ramsay definitely knows what he doing!
Went again in July and happy to report that it was just as delicious as the first time! Going again in February and cannot wait to eat here again!
I'm a huge Gordon Ramsay fan, and this was my first trip to Las Vegas since he opened his three restaurants there. My trip wouldn't have been complete without a stop to at least one of them. . . The line at BurGR is typically 1-3 hours long. They don't take reservations, so you must stand in line and wait. On the Friday that we arrived in Las Vegas, which happened to be my birthday, we ventured down to Planet Holleywood (home of BurGR) and saw there was no line around 2PM. We immediately went in. . . If you've read any of my other reviews, you know two things about me: 1) I love burgers and 2) I'm a burger snob. I want a burger and I want it cooked perfectly. At BurGR I opted for the Hell's Kitchen burger and ordered it medium rare. I received the most delicious burger I've ever consumed. Perfectly cooked, juicy without being greasy, beautifully presented, and overall a flavor assault on my taste buds. Is that where this story ends? Absolutely not. The burger cost $14! $14 in Las Vegas. It was A La Cart, but if you compare it to a A La Cart burger place in (Bru) $14 is more than reasonable for Las Vegas. . . I will eat at BurGR again the next time I'm in Vegas, even if I have to wait 2 hours in line.
I've had the euro burger two times already and every time I eat it, I get the same explosive feeling inside my mouth. It makes me want to do the robot (my happy food dance) and scream out off the top of my lungs,  "I love you Gordon Ramsay!!!!!!!!!!". . It is seriously so good. Some people in my party weren't wowed by their burgers, one had the duck/bacon and the other had the American. Well idk about all that but that euro was so good I didn't mind their complaints at all. Everything sounded like music to my ears. And you probably shouldn't get American anyway. I mean it's cheese, lettuce, tomato, & onion.. How shocked do you expect your taste buds to be... . . Hell's & Euro all the way!!! . . Medium rare is perfect. The meat is sooo tasty and juicy, I wish Gordon was there, I'd hug him.
Okay, yes there was 30 minute line. Yes, the service is not too good. But oh my god. The best burger I have ever had. Amazing fries, and awesome onion rings. I had the euro burger. And it was delicious. Hubs had the blu burger and loved it! Had the figgy pudding pops as dessert. So good!
OMG! THE HOG won me over!!! It's a pork burger, but tasted like Kobe Beef burger. I love how it was new on the menu too, so I felt extra special to have had the opportunity to try it. We ordered the Parmesan Truffle Fries which were great too - They were thick steak cut fries and it came with garlic aiolie dipping sauce. YUM! . . Prices were a bit high, but it's a GOURMET burger, and that's what you're gonna get in Vegas anyway - In my opinion, it's totally worth it! . . Staff is great, and wait wasn't so bad just as long as you get there early. They were nice to us as our entire party didn't show up yet, but they were willing to hold the table for us for 30 mins. . . Can't wait to go back there to try more things!
Came here for the second time this past Sunday and it was just as great as the first time! We started out with the jalapeno poppers, delicious! I had to order the Britannia burger again, and it was great!. . Consistently good food, and great service!!
Farm burger was the best.  Everything worked - the duck bacon, fried egg, and burger.  Awesome combination.
Pretty good!! Got the chicken burger with some fries and the pork bao for an appetizer!! Chicken was nice and moist; also it was well seasoned. Good burger joint
Great place to eat in Vegas with reasonable prices. . . We tried the Farm Burger with duck bacon and the special Hog Burger. Both were cooked to perfection and very juicy and tender. We liked the Farm burger best, nothing beats salty bacon topped with a perfectly cooked over-easy egg. . . We also tried the Truffle fries and Sweet Potato fries. Both were great, but we especially enjoyed the Truffle fries. You can easily share 1 fry between 2-3 people depending on your appetite. . . For dessert we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding Pops and the were gooey goodness. We can't wait to go back and visit again. . . Service was great and you can keep your menu as a souvenir if you choose.
Awesome burger! Well worth the experience!
Had the Hell's Kitchen Burger with Shake #5 (replaced coffee with chocolate). . . There were a group of us and we all loved the burgers.  Service was also excellent and they were willing to change the toppings around (both take off and substitute) to your heart desires.....They are big burgers so didn't have a chance to go again to try another one...
Gordon takes burgers to a whole new level at BurGr. I tried both the Hell's Kitchen and the chicken burger. Both were phenomenal. Both meat patties were seasoned to perfection and were juicy. I also would highly recommend the Parmesan truffle fries. I will definitely return to BurGr on my next trip to Vegas!
There is a long wait but it is well worth it. I ordered the jalapeno poppers, pork burger, and the truffle Parmesan fries. Everything was absolutely amazing. Definitely some if the best food I've ever had. Finish everything off with an Oreo Shake!
The American cheeseburger is amazing! My expectations were high in this first visit and i wanted to try the basic cheeseburger. I'm really surprised that it was even better than my expectation. One tip: add truffle aioli as a side.
Wonderful restaurant! . Great service. Very friendly and very helpful.. The food was amazing! I had the farm burger and loved it!. . Comfortable seating and great environment.
Best burger ever! I had the Hell's kitchen burger. A lot of heat, but I like that. Fast. Friendly service. Would go back again & again.
I had never experienced a Gordon Ramsay restaurant before this past weekend and I wanted to do it without spending a ton of $$. This menu fit the bill. . . The wife and I went at 11pm on a Sunday night and had to wait a few minutes to be seated. The hostesses were very friendly and helpful. . . Our server (Tammy) was top-notch. Seriously, one of the best servers I've ever had anywhere. She knew the menu back and forth, was lots of fun and kept me topped off with water at all times. Huge points for that. . . The beer/wine/cocktail list is presented to you on an iPad which I thought was a great touch. . . Newcastle battered onion rings were great as an app, and both burgers (Hell's Kitchen and Euro) were outstanding . . This place doesn't disappoint
it's worth it! Speechless for something so great. Enjoyed every bite of it.
One of two best burgers I've ever had - hands down! The other was at Plan Check in West LA (you can bet I have a review for it).. . I shared the Euro Burger (truffle aioli, goat cheese + arugula, oven roasted tomato) with a friend, which ended up being a good idea since we filled up on roasted jalapeno poppers and beer-battered Maui onion rings first. The burger was so juicy, with tons of flavor from each of the elements. Only thing missing were bacon and avocado, but purely because I looove those two ingredients on any burger or sandwich.. . Service is big with me, so I was happy that it was as equally exquisite as the food. Our waiter was extremely friendly and accomodating. Even pulled the manager out to have a laugh with us.. . Although I wasn't able to get to BurGR in my last visit to Vegas, I plan to make it a regular stop for a casual, yet high-quality meal.
I've ate here two times this year and can say quality and consistency were the same each visit - though more recently I tried more items from the updated menu.. . The newly added hog burger, which was described as a once fresh free roaming happy hoping hog turned into a burger - was very very rich and delicious. Also my farm burger, which was slightly charred was a unexpected surprise of flavors though it was slightly too dense. . . We also sampled the jalapeno poppers, which came as a six piece order in a spicy ranch-like sauce - excellent starter. The parmesan cheese fries were also a great side pairing too. . . What I really enjoy here is the embraced pub-like atmosphere with a touch of Gordon Ramsay - well maybe more than just a touch since he is plastered on many things throughout the restaurant. The beer selection is better than most restaurants on the strip surprisingly, with nearly 10 + different ale selections from some of the best microbreweries in North America and beyond. . . My service experiences have always been top notch and never skipping a beat, even at nearly 2am before the kitchen was preparing to close. 5 Stars - an excellent spot to dine right on the strip.
Burgers and pork belly steamed bun tacos with sweet potato fries so good. Sweet  unique milk shakes to finish off.
Tried Burgr for the first time and true to Chef Ramsey's culinary wizardry as displayed on his TV show when helping turn around failing businesses, the meal was prepared and presented excellently.. . Ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger medium well with the Truffle Fries, my wife had the Euro burger medium well with a side salad. Meat seasoned very well and cooked to order with just the right hint of pink.  Fries and salad both fresh and excellently seasoned.  Food presentation a plus!. . Staff very friendly and prompt.. . Definite repeat.
I hate this place so much. Because I live in L.A., and their burgers are so great I never want to have another burger from anywhere else, ever again! I ate dinner there Sunday night before heading home, took two burgers to-go, had one for lunch today at work and the other four dinner tonight! Yeah, that good! Fantastic burgers, and the shakes are out of this world!! Guaranteed this will be the best burger you've ever had in your life. Yeah, I'm THAT sure!. . Good value, exquisite cuisine, and excellent service!
Decided to give this place a try after seeing Carrot Top (Hilarious) at the Luxor. I have seen a lot of Gordon Ramsey's shows on TV so my wife and I had very high expectations for this place.. . Well I must say that BurGR did not disappoint. I ordered the Farm Burger done Medium and it was delicious. Very juicy and lots of flavor. My wife ordered the American done Medium Well since she doesn't like to venture out and try new things and she said it was the best burger she has had. We also had the Parmesan Fries and they were very good. They were not salty like most Parmesan Fries and the sauces that came with it were very good. . . The staff was very friendly and explained the menu. Refills were brought to us without being asked which is a big plus. So if you're ever in Vegas and are looking for a spot where you can enjoy a good burger and atmosphere, this is the place. Oh and by the way my wife and I were sober when we went here.. . Almost forgot that we ordered the push pops for desert and they were also delicious. Not too sweet or salty and just enough to keep your taste buds guessing and wanting more.
We had to wait in line for about 10 mins before being seated as it was very crowded on a Tuesday afternoon. . . The menu is fairly small but it's a burger place. The onion rings are really good and I liked them better than the regular fries which were a little thick for my tastes. . . The burger was amazing. I had to add one of the chipotle ketchup's to my burger which added to the flavor. The buns are amazing, soft and fresh.. . The pricing is reasonable for this area. Our waiter was really nice too. I'll add this to my list of must eat places every time I come back to Vegas.
alright alright, the hype is justified! start with the truffle fries - they are delicious!. Then move on to one of their many burgers to choose from. The list is not overwhelmingly long, which I appreciate, and each burger is sufficiently different from the next - making it easy to choose! I tried a bite of the farm burger - Amazing. I attempted to eat an entire Hells kitchen burger, and only got half way through. That's not because the burger was huge, it's because I made the mistake of filling up on fries and bloody Marys... andddd I was saving room for a milkshake ;) Have you seen their milkshake options? yeah! save room for dessert. The Hells Kitchen burger was terrific, if you want a burger with some heat, that's the one you want!. We tried three different milkshakes on our table - my favorite was probably the Oreo/Creme brulee one, followed by the Chocolate/Caramel one. As much as I love coffee, i though the milkshake was only okay, and I didn't get to try the strawberry/coconut, but it sounded delish! Couple other things worth knowing - the wait is going to be long no matter when you go. They don't take reservations, so get there early, put your name on the list and then find entertainment in the mall or casino for the next hour or so. The seats are uncomfortable - that's probably intentional; so that you get in, eat, and get out as quickly as possible. If you're willing to deal with these two minor inconveniences for a memorable burger, Burgr is the place!
Favorite burger joint. Truffle fries dipping sauce was spectacular.!
The atmosphere is fast, loud, and fun, the food is amazing. I had the Farm Burger and was very satisfied, without a doubt the best burger in my life!. I also had an order of the Truffle Fries, which were delicious, but these steak fries portion was so big that the two of us could not even finish half of the order. They have a decent beverage selection, the service was not only fast and friendly, but also very easy on the eyes as well.
I finally made it to Burgr for lunch on my last day in Vegas and did not leave disappointed. I had trouble finding the restaurant on my first day due to the many points of entry for the Mile Mall, but the easiest way to remember is that it's right near the half-price tickets office. The main entrance with three escalator-walk-paths going up takes you to the Planet Hollywood side of the mall, so continue along the outside past two more entrances and you should see the ticket booth. Burgr is right inside that entrance, on the left. . . Once you've actually found the restaurant, you will probably have to wait in line to be seated, and then it may take a while for service - I can't really fault the restaurant for being popular, and they really do a good job managing the massees. Burgr opens at 11 am daily, so the best way to avoid waiting is to come around 10:50 and have an early lunch. I only had to wait for a few minutes outside and then was seated immediately with excellent service at the bar. . . I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and standard fries. There are a lot of other interesting choices on the menu, but I wanted to try something fairly typical and compare it to other burgers I've had. The fries are good, but nothing really to write home about. They come with chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup, and far too many thick-cut fries for an individual to eat. A little pricey at $8, but definitely a nice complement to the burger. The burger on the other hand IS worth writing about. I savored every bite of the Hell's Kitchen burger, which was cooked perfectly at medium-well. The bun is one of the best burger buns I've ever had, and the jalapeno and avocado toppings went very nicely together. . . I would come back for round two in a heartbeat, although I'll probably try Ramsay's other restaurant, Steak, next time I come to Vegas. Props to the bartenders for being energetic and helpful at 11 AM on a Friday dealing with a bunch of tourists.
I'm going to try to keep this short and sweet.. . For appetizer I had the fury chicken wings. I loved the little blue cheese bits that were sprinkled over the wings. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger as my main meal with a side of truffle Parmesan fries. Ugh, just thinking about it makes me mouth water. The jalapeno peppers with the avocado make the sandwich both spicy and cool at the same time. My mouth was so confused! The truffle Parmesan fries were bomb! I do wish they weren't steak cut because I like my fries crisp and crunchy. But I was satisfied nonetheless. The burger was amazing and the fries were delicious. For dessert, I ordered the Oreo Shake. It was topped with creme brulee pudding and whipped cream (which are both made by the restaurant). I. Literally. Died. And went to heaven. That meal was probably one of my top favorite meals I've ever eaten in Vegas. . . As for the service, out waiters were very nice. They were both very knowledgeable of the menu and were very attentive. And good looking might I add ;-) . . Definitely coming back!
Whoever created those Jalapeno poppers to put on the menu deserves a raise.  This place was everything I'd expect from a Gordon Ramsey restaurant, and I'm glad I got to go.  I didn't particularly enjoy MY sandwich (the fish and chips) but everyone else I tasted was "Money Baby!"  (Please tell me you get this reference...) Anywho, I'm a fan for life... now if he'd only open one in L.A....
Best Pork Burgers on the West Coast Period. . If you're going here to eat, just get the pork burger, it's what you should get and what you will totally, totally enjoy. Your mouth will actually make out with you as a thank you for ordering this tasty BurGR. Skip everything else, just get that. And a beer too. It is as good as it gets! Drools..... . Another thing I noticed about the burger, it was really, really neatly made. Lettuce, toppings, and meat were all in one place. Not hanging out, not sticking out, just really neat. It was like they put that much more effort into the burger! I've never seen a burger this neat! It made everything taste that much better! Everything distributed so evenly and soo easy to eat. Soo oh so good.. . Just pay attention to the burger when it comes out, it's really neat!
Best burgers in town and bang for your buck. Plates/ servings are neat and clean as would be expected of Gordon's restaurants. . . Jamie our server was excellent and efficient. Ensuring our needs were met throughout our service. Make sure you turn up slightly earlier ahead of the main meals times or be prepared for a wait. . . Food came speedily as would be expected. . . Hells kitchen burger did not disappoint! Really brings its jalapeno kick! Avacado kept the burger light with a hint of freshness. One of the few times i've had a burger plated so neatly. Did not even come apart whilst slowly working through it. . . Burgers do not come with sides, but you can order a side of fries to share. 3 types to choose from and share, sweet potato, truffle and just fries. . . Didn't have room for snacks or dessert but by the peeks i had at other tables, they all looked great. Try em and let me know how they tasted!
Words can't describe this place and this review is gonna be tough to write because I'm pretty speechless haha long story short, go to Gordon Ramsay BurGR, like, right now! Haha. . The Place -. BurGR is located inside of Planet Hollywood and depending on what side of PH you enter in on, it could be pretty difficult to find.....or maybe my sense of directions is just absolutely horrible haha. Once I made my way around to the entrance of BurGR, I was surprised to see how open it is. The bar is a pretty decent size and located right next to the hostess stand. The decorations are very modern and urban and the big wall of fire is definitely something to take a picture of. I couldn't quite see the entire restaurant as I sat at the bar, but from what I saw, it's fairly well-sized and can fit any size party. The line and wait time to this place can get fairly long so try and make reservations, if possible. Luckily, I came to BurGR by myself on a Tuesday afternoon and there was open seating at the bar. REALLY great location and carries the theme well! You can definitely tell Gordon had a vision and he did a good job delivering! Great job, BurGR!. *****5/5 Stars*****. . The Service -. The service is nothing short of amazing as well. I arrived at the hostess' station and, despite the long line they had, I was promptly greeted. Since I was by myself, I automatically assumed that the bar was open seating, but wanted to do my due diligence and ask anyways. I was greeted with a smile and after asking about the open seating, I was welcomed to the bar. I'm gonna go ahead and get this out of the way and, being in Vegas, it's almost expected. Sex sells...so with that being said, the hostesses and female waitresses are dressed to impress as well as with the guys, but tastefully done. When I sat at the bar, I was greeted, by not one, but two bartenders..and that wasn't because one bartender didn't know what the other one was doing, but because all the bartenders are very social and make sure you're well taken care of. For my visit, I both had Eric and LaLa serve me and they were nothing short of amazing, so shout out to them! THANKS GUYS!!. *****5/5 Stars*****. . The Food -. My oh my...where do I begin?? The menu is so simple, but it's so darn delicious with all the unique burgers they offer, the sides they serve, and the delicious shakes they conjure up. I, unfortunately, did not get to try a shake, but I could've sworn the whole bar ordered the Shake #4 (Creme Brulee Pudding, Oreo Shake, topped with an Oreo cookie), so I'm assuming that's the shake to get. I decided to go with the Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings (See Picture). The rings were perfectly fried, the dusting of parmigiano-reggiano gave that rich, smooth flavor it needed, and to top it off, the Chipotle Ketchup provided just the right amount of kick to set it off. I'm a BIG fan of onion rings and these are probably the BEST I've had to date! Definitely recommended! Now, onto the main event haha....the burger. After seeing all the Yelp reviews and the majority of pics that everyone has posted, I decided to go with the Farm Burger (See Picture) and I'm soooooooo glad I did! The burger itself is grilled over Apple Wood and Older Wood and topped with Duck Breast Bacon (yes, Duck Breast), English Sharp Cheddar, and of course, a fried egg. They ask how you would like your burger cooked and I went with a medium well. The burger was cooked perfectly, had a savory flavory from the being grilled over the Apple and Older wood and juicy as a great burger should be. The duck breast bacon, although different, was absolutely delicious. It gave the burger that saltiness it needed while providing you with a different profile when compared to traditional pork bacon. It was my first time having duck breast bacon and, after sampling it on this burger, is something I'll definitely look for here on out. I cut the burger in half when I received it, and the fried egg's yolk cracked perfectly and distributed itself over the burger. If you never had a cracked yolk over a burger before, I HIGHLY suggest you start trying it and start with this one! Haha Excellent food, BurGR! Bravo!. *****5/5 Stars*****. . Overall -. I think out of all the burger joints I've been to (and as a burger fanatic, I've been to a few), this has got to be one of the best burgers I've ever tasted, the best onion rings I've ever had, and one of the best services I've been a part of. I know there are some people out there with negative reviews of this place and it truly is a shame they didn't enjoy their experience because Gordon Ramsay BurGR is definitely one to have. Stop thinking about going already and just go! Hurry! Haha
Si vous cherchez un bon restaurant pour manger sur la 'strip' a Las Vegas, Burgr est une excellente option. C'est parmi mes restaurants favoris de Las Vegas. Ce n'est pas cher, c'est beau, une belle ambiance, des jolies serveuses, et surtout, des excellents hamburgers! . . Cote bieres, il y a meme une 'Fin du monde' en fut avec moins d'alcool que celle au Quebec, qui la rend encore meilleure a mon avis! . . Le burger Hell's Kichen est super, et j'ai ADORE le Hog Burger, fait avec du porc. Recommandation: ne pas les prendre trop cuit, la qualite de la viande est excellente, ce qui permet de les manger moins cuits et ainsi mieux gouter la viande. . . Comme Jessy a ecrit, les frites au parmesan aux truffes sont succulentes! Et une portion est suffisante pour deux personnes!
let me start off by saying my girlfriend and i love gordon ramsay and we went to burgr on a saturday night for my bday.we started off by ordering 1 of my personal favorites (jalapeno poppers).  now these were no ordinary jalapeno poppers!  the appearance of the poppers in their own shotglass filled with a cheddar bacon sauce/dip was just awesome.out of the 6 poppers u get they leave the seeds in 1,so its up to you to bite down and find that 1 firery surprise.the next thing we ordered was the truffle fries, now the truffle were awesome and had a unique taste that you cant find anywhere else.i personally liked them but my girlfriend wasent too fond of them.next time were getting the onion rings....  ok!!!   now to theburgrs!!   the burgrs we ordered were the blue burger and the hells kitchen burger.  both were  exceedingly amazing!!  my blue cheese burger was exactly what i wanted which is blue cheese and arugula,simple and pleasing.  now my girlfriends hells kitchen burger was also amazing and had a burst of flavors you cant get at any other burger joint period!!      so if you are thinking about goin to burgr in planet hollywood, you better go!  the food is amazing and exceeds your expectations. the atmosphere is relaxed and exciting at the sametime.  and the staff are nice and talkative.    to be honest chef ramsay never messes it up and i never expected anything less than awesome at his restaurant's.
Nel mezzo del cammin di nostra vita. mi ritrovai per una urbe oscura,. che la diritta via era smarrita.. . Ahi quanto a dir qual era e cosa dura. esta urbe selvaggia e guasta e forte. che nel pensier rinova la paura!. . Tant' e amara che poco e piu morte;. ma per trattar del ben ch'i' vi trovai,. diro de l'altre cose ch'i' v'ho scorte.. . Io non so ben ridir com' i' v'intrai,. tant' ero pien d'inedia a quel punto. che la verace via assecondai.. . Ma poi ch'i' fui al pie d'una filza giunto,. la dove terminava quella marcia. che m'avea d'inedia il cor compunto,. . guardai in basso e vidi la Sua ciccia. ben spesa si parlo de la moneta. or che ammanita era per ogne faccia.. . Allor fu l'inedia cosi queta,. che nel buzzo altro non s'infilava. la notte ch'i' passai con tanta pieta.. . E ventraia di quei con me scoppiava,. niun pote dar fine de la pappata,. si volge il soldo a la serva grava,. . la mensa prontata de tartufo e patata,. pago lascio lo mio giudizio. che la quinta stella non e mancata.
My friend and I stumbled across this place at Planet Hollywood while getting our Earl's sandwich fix. I hadn't seen this place at the end of December in 2012, and was intrigued after my experience at his steakhouse was meh. My friend who doesn't really eat hamburgers since they're not healthy had said she would be down to try this place. So we came here the next day for lunch, but the line was super long at 2 PM (next to the flames in the glass wall - very nice touch) so we decided to gamble and come back.. . When we came back, there were not that many people in line, so as we waited, we of course took photos of the flamed glass wall, and perused through the menu.  . . We were seated quickly and liked the menu design and settings. The waiter also said we could take the menus as souveniers which was nice of them to let the diners know before hand. Our waiter was very friendly and let us peruse the iPad drink menu. We both got something fruity, and they were tasty, but wish they had mashed up the mint rather than full leaves.. . I told my friend the photos of the jalapeno poppers looked amazing, so we started off with that. They were the BEST jalapeno poppers ever. 6 Huge roasted peppers with cheddar bacon inside and in a shot glass of cheddar ranch sauce. I saved a shot of the ranch to dip with my fries later on.. . A lot of yelpers talked about the Farm Burger, with duck breast bacon and a fried egg, but I was more intrigued by the Euro burger since I'm a sucker for goat cheese and arugula. And with truffle aioli? No brainer. My friend who is not a huge GR fan went with the Hell's Kithcen Burger since she loves avocado. Our burgers were cooked to a perfect medium rare. The burgers are not huge but perfect size for me at least. My Euro Burger was spot on, loved all the flavors. My friend's Hell's kitchen burger was okay, but we liked our own better. . . We also ordered a side of the truffle parmesean fries, which is definitley made for sharing. Super tasty and my friend commented it comes with homemade ketchup, so has a marinara taste to it.. . Overall, great service, great food. Decently priced and $1 off each item for Total Rewards members. The most memorable meal in Vegas for me that trip, and would definitley be back.
Went to Gordon Ramsay BurGR last week while in Vegas because my wife and I are fans of Mr. Ramsay and thought this was definitely one of the cheaper Gordon Ramsay options.  We went around 1130 and didn't have to wait.  The atmosphere was AWESOME.  Our server immediately came to the table and took our drink order.  After coming back to the table the server brought an IPAD to the table which serves as the drink, dessert menu which was a pretty nice touch.  . . I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and my wife had the American Burger.  The fries are not included so we ordered the fries as a side.  Our food came fast and was presented nicely on the plate.  My burger was definitely the BEST I have ever had and the fries were hot and crispy but not greasy!  . . I wouldn't pay $37 at home for two burgers and an order of fries but on vacation why not!  Gordon Ramsay fan or not the place is AWESOME!!!
Best burger of my LIFE! I came for my birthday and we almost walked away when we saw the line. Turns out it moved fast and I was impressed with their technology. They send you a text when your table is ready so you can walk away and get a drink nearby and relax. After a short wait we were at our table. You could tell they thought about everything. The waitress was very informed about every item on the menu, even when the food was served they make sure to face every plate in the same exact position. . . But let me get to the food. Prices extremely reasonable, especially considering this is a gourmet restaurant. All the choices were appetizing, I went with the Euro burger (truffle, goat cheese, arugula) and my boyfriend the boar. We had the truffle fries to share. Everything was as good as it gets. The meat was cooked just enough and juicy. Again I was so impressed at how well thought out everything was. . . I cannot wait to return here!
Went to Burgr for dinner last night. We had a party of 3 and the wait time was said to be 30 min. They took our name and number down on their iPad & were told we would receive a text. The system went down and they lost our name so we ended up waiting for over an hour. . . Once we were seated we ordered the chicken sliders as an appetizer. It comes with 2. They were the perfect size but we should've ordered another because it took a while to get our entree. We ordered the sabo chicken salad which was a cold and slightly spicy chicken salad. Very good!! . . We also got the Hell's Kitchen burger and the damnation chicken sandwich. Both were phenomenal! The meat was cooked perfectly. The chicken was like a meatball type patty. I don't like blue cheese so I had them remove the dressing however it needed some type of sauce. I ended up asking for chipotle ketchup which made it very tasty! . . We also ordered the sweet potato and Parmesan fries. OMG best sweet potatoes ever. They give you powdered sugar on them and on the side so you can add as much as you please. All fries come with their own dipping sauces, we asked for one of each. . . Everything was excellent! Perfect portions so you'll have room for dessert.
Has to be the best burger I have had.  The jalapeno poppers were very good as well.  . .  The attention to detail and the staff's professionalism was Excellent.  The only bad thing I could find is the noise level in the restraunt was a bit loud, but being open on all sides to a Vegas casino you expect that. . . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a casual meal.
Five stars cause it's just so damn good.. dammit I wanna go back .. Vegas, why you so far?. . Sigh. Okay, so our group of 7 came at around 6pm/7pm, and we were told that couples had to wait between 5-10 minutes, parties of 3 however were an hour an 10 minutes..ridic difference @_@ I decided to sit by myself at the bar area but eventually my two friends joined me and we were able to share food without having to wait a longass time.. . $37 is quite a bit for burger, shake, and fries, however with all the money I spend on food - this was definitely worth it, even if it ended up in the bathtub after Light - fuck that AMF. I still don't understand the servers' outfits (how do spacesuits work with a burger place? o.O) but they were helpful and kinda friendly, ordering process was pretty quick, and their menu isn't that large so that's cool.. . I decided on the following:. -  farm burger (runny egg, sharp cheddar cheese, med well patty, duck fucking breast bacon. - shake #4 (oreo shake, creme brulee pudding [essentially just super vanilla-y custard, hello vanilla bean specks!!] and thickass whipped cream. - truffle fries (me and two guys failed to finish...that's saying a lot). . Upon first bite, my eyes rolled back. I think that's good enough. I didn't even know duck could be bacon but .. duck is really good, bacon is dericious, put the two together and you have a lovechild of wonderfulness.. When I took a sip of the shake .........oh man - is this what having all your basic needs filled feels like? I felt like I was riding a unicorn through a sparkley wonderland as Above and Beyond and Myon and Shane54 made a collaboration. HHHHHHNNNNNNNGGGGG is all I can think of.  . Truffle fries - these were thick and parmeseany. The garlic aioli. Oh goodness gracious. I sat there in my seat having my eyes roll back half the time and sat in silence as I chewed. No words can describe!! Just look at people's faces as a smile appears on their face.. . I also tried the hog burger, I think that one was okay. As much as I love pork, this was interesting .. I guess you could say I'm glad I didn't get it, it just wasn't my cup of tea.. . Now, with the absence of day clubs, as long as BurGR remains open, there is reason to come to Vegas!! Oh yeah, I was full as fuck after eating this so that's cool too.
Tried BURGR for the first time last night. Arrived at 6pm on a Wednesday night, and was greeted with quite a line out the door. There was a 30 minute wait for a party of 2. Parties of 3, or more were given the privilege of putting their name in at the front and then getting a text when their table was ready. We inched along to the front if the line, and then were finally seated. . . Hubby and I ordered a couple of draft beers. I chose the La Fin du Monde, which I compared to the chai tea of beers. I liked it! The Hubs went for Miller Lite. We skipped the appetizers, and ordered a Farm Burger, med rare, for him - and a Hell's Kitchen Burger, med rare, for me. Completed the order with some truffle parm fries. We loved everything! My Hell's Kitchen Burger was really good, had a little bit of jalapeno spice in the middle. Literally had to stop myself from gorging on the truffle fries. They were thick cut, aromatic - in other words, heavenly. We skipped out on the sticky toffee pudding push pops, and the shakes. We were stuffed! Saving those for next time - there will definitely be a next time.
The best burger I have ever had! The # 5 milkshake was very good too. Not a lot of it but pleasantly not over sweet. I am a low carber and although they offered lettuce wrap, I sacrificed the carbs and ate half the bun. OMG good!  Shared the milk shake. Beer battered onion rings were good but would have been better with twice the onion. Overall highly recommend this place. We had an hour wait but they take your # and text you when ready so you don't have to stand in line. Awesome overall.
Amazing!  Loved the food!  We had onion rings, poppers, sweet potato fries, truffle fries, and burgers. Best food I ate in Vegas!
So I just realized a couple weeks ago I checked in and promised a review but never wrote one. Sorry gang blame the nice weather and free flowing alcohol here in Vegas for my forgetfulness. The restaurant was awesome. The Parmesan truffle frys were the bomb!! I could have eaten a ton of those suckers. The burger was top notch. Exactly what you would expect from Gordon Ramsey. This is a nice way to have Chef Ramsey's food without the ultra high price. I'll be back!
Oh. Em. Gee. Loved this place! The was a huge line, but they came to take our cell number, and texted us when there was a table ready, which was awesome. An hour wait, but we shopped in Miracle MIle while we waited, so no big deal. . . The folks working at the front seemed a but snooty, but once we were sat all was well. Our server was friendly and genuine, which helped make the meal great. We started with the onion rings, which were perfect: fried and crispy without being greasy, good flavour, and topped with cheese. Yum! We all enjoyed our burgers a lot - I had the pork burger, and it may have been the best burger I've ever had. Fresh, tasty bun, great ingredients, perfectly cooked meat. Can't ask for more! . . We paired our meal with their cider on tap, which was delicious and a great complement to the food, without being too heavy. Everything is made in house from the burgers themselves to the sauces - and it shows in the freshness and quality. Also, the price was certainly right. All round a great experience!! Will be on the list of places to go back on in Vegas for SURE.
This cheese burger was so great that I don't know how I will ever enjoy another. It has spoiled me. I had the euro burger. It was the perfect blend of flavors, all beautifully complimenting one another. I ordered it medium and it was perfectly pink in the middle. My husband ordered the hk burger, also very good-- just a little too spicy for me. We each had the truffle fries which were also good. . . The beer selection is also top notch. They have innis and gunn!  Which I have only been able to find in Atlanta. . . The wait can be long, but it is well worth the wait. I can't wait until I have a chance to try another Gordon Ramsey restaurant. His burgr is genius!
Visiting Vegas is always a treat especially when it comes to the food! My husband and I visit Las Vegas every year and one of the main things we look forward to is "Good Eats". I must say we've experienced that at BurGR. This restaurant is an excellent addition to the Planet Hollywood Hotel. The atmosphere was delightful and our service was awesome. My husband and I both had the American Burger with fries.  We couldn't decide on which fries to get so we decided on the Truffle fries and the Original fries. The portion of fries you get are enormous. The burgers were amazing and cooked perfectly to our liking. You will leave very satisfied. The fries were amazing with the dipping sauces. I would recommend you visit this place while in Vegas! My only critique would be the lines can be pretty long to get a table. However, once you get that table you will forget about the wait!
The best burger I've had so far!
This place did not disappoint. Medium Rare burger cooked perfectly along with the truffle fries and a shake!  Split it all with my date and it made for the perfect late night bite.
One of the best burgers ever. Might be as good as Val's Burger in Hayward Ca. I'm guessing a third pound patty cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Nice and fatty. Was an hour and a half wait but they text us with a ten minute warning. The milkshake was crazy good as were the onion rings. 90.xx for four people.
Great place to have an exceptional dinner. I started off with the Oreo shake, the pudding was outrageously fantastic. I was kinda nervous being a vegetarian inside of a GR restaurant, lucky for me I got to order the Earth Burger. Just the smell alone is worth the trip, I love how the bun was toasted just perfectly. The burger was hardy and amazing. I also had the truffle parm fries which were the best fries I've ever tasted, and I don't think they can ever be topped. Overall an amazing experience, with great scenery as well. The price is stiff but hey, when I'm winning in Vegas, I'm spreading my money at BurGR.
BURGR, service, Vegas, Planet Hollywood, Batch 19 pre-prohibition lager, awesome crowd, great vibe and killer burgers. Forget what you heard, this place is legit!
This is my first time coming here to this restaurant and I have to say I had a great experience eating here. Everyone is very friendly, helpful, and very nice. We came here around 11:30 am and we had a 30 min wait and texted us when out table is ready, which is pretty cool, so we just walked around the casino played some games. We got our text and got our table. So we order our food; I got the American Burger with the meat medium cook and some hand cut French fries. As we are waiting for food my sister wants to get a beer and they showed us the options in the iPad which it was cool. We got our food and took that first bite and it was really amazing the meat was nice and juicy and the fries was good. I really like the restaurant and I will come again soon.
We had to wait 30 minutes to get a table which seemed strange for a burger joint. But let me tell you. After eating here. I would happily wait a full hour or more to enjoy this dining experience! Our waiter "Alex" was personable and had great menu knowledge. Not only could he explain what was in the item, but he could suggest combinations of starter/side and entree. This was the best meal we had after a week in Vegas. Hands down a "must do"! This changes the way you see your Hamburger!
My wife and I waited about 30 minutes to get into Burgrs and found it to be worth the wait. Both of our burgers were cooked the way we asked for them to be cooked. I had the Hells Kitchen Burger, I forgot which one that my wife had, but she said her mouth was watering while she ate it. We got the sweet potato fries by accident (suppose to be regular fries) but we told them to leave them and we were glad we did because they were like desert. The jalapeno poppers were great and over all we really enjoyed the whole experience.
Best burger I've ever had!!!!! And their truffle fries are to die for. Service is also great and the staff are super friendly!
Continuing my Gordon Ramsey experience, next on the list Gordon Ramsey burger. His steak house that i tried first was fantastic! So I'm assuming his burger joint would be the same. It was! Fantastic!. . First off the ambiance is great, lots of hustle and bustle going on. All the servers are active and constantly moving. My server was great. Extremely knowledgable of the menu which is great, getting her opinion was very helpful because everything on the menu looked amazing and was hard to choose!. . I ended up trying an appetizer, a burger, side dish nod dessert. For appetizer I had the hummus with grilled flat bread and veggie sticks. It was excellent! The hummus had so much flavor! I couldn't stop eating it, it was so good. Oh for a drink I had this amazing shake! A creme brulee Oreo cookie shake! Sooo good! Talk about taking a shake to the next level! Presentation is beautiful and the taste is even better! For my burger I had the Euro burger. truffle aioli + goat cheese + arugula + oven roasted tomato. Oh my heavens it was delicious! Perfectly cooked, and bursting with flavor! Everything in the burger went together well like perfect harmony. My side dish was Parmesan truffle fries. Addicting! Fresh cut fries covered with Parmesan with a truffle sauce for dipping! Soo good! Also came with a second sauce, a BBQ ketchup with an Asian taste to it of some sort which was amazing! For dessert I went with his signature dish the sticky toffee pudding. Only I come to find out that he prepares it differently at each restaurant. This version was a cold version that was like a push-up ice cream pop! Delish!. . Yet another fantastic experience at his restaurant. Went in with a smile, left with a bigger smile like the joker!
Best Burger Ever!. . We split two burgers, the Euro Burger and Chanterelle Burger and an order of Truffle Parmesan fries.  All the food was done perfectly.  The beer was cold, the wait time for seating was minutes and the wait time to get the food was reasonable.  Maybe we got lucky but we loved this place. . . We felt the Euro Burger was the best we've ever had.  And the fries were AMAZING!. . Expensive?  Yes.  Worth it?  We thought so.
First time here and very satisfied! It was definitely worth the 1 wait!!! You will not be disappointed!! I ordered the Hells kitchen burger with the spicy mayo... Omg to die for!! . The staff and service was amazing!!
Had the hog burger it was so nice and juicy also had their union rings and man oh man and I stuffed after having a real deliciousness butterscotch pudding and banana shake it was to die for and the waitress was also good over all really good experience
Since this area is tourist trap central, I had my doubts about trying this place. I don't even watch his show so I wasn't at all excited as my brother in law when he convinced me to go.  . . Since there were only 2 of us, we were able to get seated pretty quickly. The waitress done a great job of describing the items that she was recommending. We ended up getting some beers, fries and burgers. . . I was thinking there is no way a burger could be worth $14. I was wrong. This burger was delicious and different from anything I've ever tried. It may not be worth $14 but it's worth trying at least once. . . Service was awesome!
I watched a bunch of Gordon Ramsay TV shows and finally got to try his BurGR restaurant out. I came in with HIGH expectations and every one of them were met. Whether or not you are a Ramsay fan, this place is a must try for the best service and burgers.. . Wait:. Yes, there will always be a line. Each time I walked by at all hours of operations, I saw a line.. My visit was on a Saturday for lunch. 10:45am Saturday = no line. 11am (opening) = 30 people in line. Since we were the first group to enter, line died down really fast. However, expect a line if you go during any main meal times.. . Service: . After being seated, we were presented with an IPad for the drink menu. Very easy to navigate and modern. Our server(s) (they apparently have a "backup" server as well) were all attentive and friendly. Great service.. . Timing:. If you watch Hell's Kitchen or Master Chef, you know Ramsay is all about timing and putting out delicious food without making the guests wait. I have to say, the timing of the drinks to appetizer to entree was perfect. . . Food:. Since it was my first time, had to order the Hell's Kitchen burger -Medium Well. Let tell you.. from the top bun to the bottom, pure perfection. The buns were super soft yet maintained it's form from the crisp outside, the bottom bun was not soggy, and all the ingredients worked really well. Definitely one of the best burgers I've had.. . Jalapeno Poppers - what a clever way to present it. Not that having a main dipping bowl to dip your poppers is hard work but the individual shot glasses containing sauce and the popper makes it... easier and more enjoyable. Hands down, the freshest jalapeno poppers I've had. . . Fries with Truffle oil. If you are dining with someone else, 2 burgers and one order of fries is plenty for both. I saw some people order a side of fries per person and none of them left finishing the fries off. What can I say... fries.. truffle oil.. yum yum yum.. . Great service, great food, VERY reasonable price (TR members get $1 off each item), this is definitely a must try if you are on the strip.. . GO GO GO GO GO!
For a moderately priced option on the strip this would be hard to beat. First the downsides, was an hour wait, but it was Saturday night, and with people watching on the strip, the mall, or throwing money away at the casino you can find someway to spend the hour doing. I got a hotdog and the rest of my party talked crap because I didn't get a burger, but joke was on them when it came out, crazy delicious, bun overstuffed with cheese and peppers, ridiculous. But the best thing we got were the sweet potato fries, I really don't think I can ever order them from anywhere else, because they just won't measure up
This place was delicious. Had the Farm burger and the wife the Hells Kitchen burger. Had the Parmesan truffle fries as well and for dessert an Oreo creme brulee shake, soo good!  You must stop by here to eat, you won't regret it.
Damn I love this burger joint. . . Their Farm Burger with Duck Bacon and Fried Egg was just simply amazing... The duck bacon was so crispy... and the beef patty was so juicy and flavorful... Ahh it was simply devine.... . We also got to try their Truffle Fries which were devine and their Jalopeno Poppers which had a nice kick to it. Although some were cold inside.. not sure if they were suppose to be like that..?. . Overall an amazing experience here! Gordon Ramsay you did not disappoint us! I applaud you! :). . Oh yea and a bonus... our waitress was so sweet and friendly! She went beyond her call of duty and we appreciated her for that! Yay! ^^
The waiting staff was excellent!!!  Very friendly, helpful and always checking in if we needed anything else. . . The food is simply amazing!!!  My fiance and I order the pork buns for our app. The pork was cooked to perfection. I ordered the Hog Burger which is a best seller for the past 4 months and after eating it I can see why. My fiance ordered the Damnation  Chicken Burger which she loved. The real gem was ordering the Parmesan Onion Rings!!!  They are to die for. . . This was the first Gordon Ramsey restaurant I've been to but it definitely won't be the last.. . Also the drink menu is on an iPad and your bill comes with short survey on an iPod touch, very cool stuff!
Hands down the best burgers we have EVER had.. . Went there with a group of 5. Wait time was about an hour and a half, and they texted us when our table was ready. Service was good. For appetizers, the wings and onion rings were delicious. The best part of the meal was the burgers. They were perfectly cooked, the bun was fresh and the while thing was an explosion of flavor. Recommend the euro and Hell's Kitchen burgers.. #1 burger joint in vegas and probably in the US
We had the Hell's Kitchen burger, the jalapeno poppers, and the American burger. They were all amazing, and the menu was reasonably priced. The service was, overall, average, but the beer menu made up for the underwhelming service. Highly recommended.
I'm a huge Gordon Ramsay fan. I watch Kitchen Nightmares, Hell's Kitchen, and MasterChef. That being said, I wasn't really expecting BurGR to be that amazing. It's a casual restaurant in an incredibly touristy location (the Strip), and it's not like Gordon Ramsay is there personally cooking the burgers. I was especially skeptical after walking into the restaurant and seeing all of the waitstaff dressed like the Mondo Burger employees from the movie Good Burger. Seriously, the servers wear ridiculously flashy and tight-fitting outfits that look like how people in the 1980's would imagine people in 2013 would dress.. . Anyway, in spite of the unusual garb of the servers, the service was excellent. Even though the place was very busy, we were still seated quickly and received our food in a reasonable amount of time. The servers were knowledgeable about the menu too. We also had a view of the open kitchen and had our appetites whetted by all of the amazing food being prepared in the kitchen. . . Simply put, our food was outstanding! I was worried that my parents wouldn't enjoy their food because they don't eat beef or pork. However, they really enjoyed their dishes. My mom had Damnation Chicken Burger. Although it wasn't "fiery hot", it was very flavorful. It was also interesting that instead of using a chicken breast, they made a patty out of ground chicken. It was a good way to keep in the spirit of creating a burger out of chicken. My dad had the fish and crisp sandwich, and he thought it was quite good. My parents both absolutely loved the fries. The fries were absolutely perfect in terms of shape, size, crunch, and saltiness. They also came with a curry ketchup that somehow made them taste even better. If there's one idea I'd like to try at home, it's to make curry ketchup like I had at BurGR.. . My burger was incredible too. I had the Euro Burger cooked to medium rare. Everything about the burger was executed perfectly. The meat was juicy and flavorful, the goat cheese was rich and creamy, the arugula and roasted tomato were spot on. The truffle aioli is what really made this one of the best burgers I've ever had though. Normally when places have a truffle sauce, the taste of the truffles just overpowers the rest of the dish. However, in this aioli the truffle taste was more subtle. . . For dessert, we tried the sticky toffee pudding push pops. I felt like they were a bit gimmicky though. The ice cream and the sticky toffee pudding were separated into layers, so I couldn't really mix them together. I would have preferred to just have them together in a bowl. . . Overall, this place was definitely up to the high standards that Gordon Ramsay preaches about in all of his shows. If you want to try the best burgers in Vegas, you've gotta go to BurGR.
This was worth the trip.   Great service,  great food.   Try the farm burger.   The duck bacon was amazing.
Since Ramsey is such a perfectionist I went into this place looking to critique everything!!  The bottom line- I couldn't complain about anything!!!!  The ambiance, the service, the accommodating attitude, the presentation, the quality of food , the taste-  all were as good as it gets!!  This place as been thought out  and executed to perfection!!!  WAY TO GO RAMSEY-  Someone that walks the talk.
Euro burger, in my opinion, is the best burger on the menu. Everything else is pretty delicious as well. . . Shakes are AMAZING.. . Always busy, so expect a wait. . . Last time I was there, food took an hour, but manager ensured that we would be seated and served immediately during our next visit.. . Not sure if intentional, but the most of the staff is moderately attractive. This has nothing to do with the food/service, but was an interesting observation. Oh, Gordon.... :). . Good food. Good customer service. Long wait time. . . . Huge fan of GR, so I was pleasantly surprised by his BurGR goint.
everything there is amazing...and i literally mean everything!!!
I loved it. I got the Hell's Kitchen burger.  It was spicy but it was a good mix with the avocado  !!! I loved the fries also . Would come back again
Best Burger Bar None in Vegas!!!. . I have tried many a burger in Vegas, and this includes the fancy hotels. Gordon Ramsey delivers! From his "benchmark" hamberger roll, to the juicy (medium rare please) burger...you will be salivating.. . Don't even get me started on the fries or milkshakes. Positively addictive.. Can't wat to get back there sooner than later.
it is my second time here and I am still not disappointed! . The Maui onion rings here are the best I have ever eaten and they are large portions good enough for two people. the truffle fries and a sweet potato fries are just as good and eat one is good enough for two people.. . first time I was here I have the farm burger with the duck bacon which is really good and it comes with a fried egg too.. second time around I tried the euro burger and the goat cheese was really good.. . the shakes are really thick, it has three scoops of ice cream. first time I had the caramel chocolate second time I had the creme brulee Oreo. I bet it's like a thousand calories each shake but its good.. . the boa appetizer and chicken wings are good but its small portions.. the service we got here was great everyone is very efficient and they move fast so you're not waiting too long for your food or your drinks. I didn't even have to ask the best person or waitress once for a drink they always refilled me.
Let me preface the review by saying I travel frequently around the US for work. I have eaten at many hamburger joints, dives, iron chef voted best in America, franchised owned, backyard BBQ's and all the likes. . . Burgr is by far hands down what I measure all other hamburgers by.  I have been here twice and both times surpassed my expectations despite ordering the same dish... The Hell's Kitchen Burger (medium rare) the the Truffle Parmesan fries.  Paired with a beer off their extensive list and you can die a happy here. . . On my last visit I started with the Roasted Jalapeno Peppers. Each one is in a shot glass with cheddar and ranch sauce. One of them is left with the seeds for sort of spicy Russian Roulette. Since I eat on the spicy side I ask for all of them to have the seeds left in them. For me at least it takes 3-4 to bring on the heat but they are amazingly tasty. . . The Hell's Kitchen Burgr is grilled over apple & Adler wood.  The smokey taste comes through the meat right away. Then Mexican Asadero cheese is paired with roasted jalapenos and roasted tomato. Fresh avocado is added with its creamy goodness. This is the most tender burger I have ever had. It virtually melts in your mouth with the complexity of the spiciness coming from the peppers and the sweetness of the roasted tomato. The Asadero cheese is naturally on the salty side which ties in all the flavors. Each bite is a slice of meat heaven. . . The hand cut Truffle Parmesan fires are served with truffle salt, truffle parmesan and truffle aioli. The fires are not greasy at all and it's enough for two or three to share. The truffle aioli sauce is to die for and the ketchup with caramelized onions gives you the options your mouth desires. It takes the art of fries to a whole new level.  . . The line on a Friday or Saturday for two people is a minimum 30 minutes upwards to an hour.  If you are a party of 5 or more, bypass the line and go straight to the hostess.  They will take your name down and text you when your table is ready. . . The drinks menu is presented to you on a iPad as well as you bill is on iTouch. While in line you can explore the menu on their touch screen monitor outside. When you see the line you might ask yourself "is it worth it?" Trust me it is and you won't be disappointed. . . One small tip is to avoid the standard cocktails. Compared to Las Vegas pricing where they are practically giving the stuff away everywhere you look, the beer is far much better and reasonably priced.  If you don't mind eating at the bar, grab an open seat and you won't have to wait in line for this culinary experience. . . Trust me on this one, the Gordon Ramsey name is not all hype. It meets all the expectations you would expect from an establishment with his name attached to it. I hope you enjoy your meal here as much as I do because this is a definite must have when I'm in town.
Yay, another Ramsay restaurant off my list.  Kind of a bummer that they don't take reservations.  Came for lunch on a Friday and the line was huge.  They were taking the large groups out of line and texting them when their table was ready.  We only had a party of two and they told us it would be about 30 minutes but luckily we only had to wait for about ten.  The beer and drink list was surprising good.  The server gives you an I-Pad which is nice because it means the beer list is always up to date.  We shared the truffle fries and they two of us couldn't even finish them, they were pretty large.  I had the Uber Cheese Burger and it was delicious!  My husband loved his burger as well, I think it was called the Farm Burger or something and it had yummy smoked duck bacon.  You may think the prices are a little high for a burger but they are totally worth it.
This place is amazing, on my recent 4 day visit to Vegas I ended up eating there twice. Burgers were cooked exactly how I wanted! Everything was delicious! Prob one of my fav burger places of all times. i will def be coming back next time Im in town. Their shake menu is pretty awesome as well. I had a mocha/chocolate  shake! Its a must! The service was very kind and professional. I highly recommend this place. Also, it's kid friendly (no menu, but place is full of kids).
The best vegaterian Burger we have ever ate.  . . The portion size was perfect,  presentation was simple and clean. . . Fries are all cart with three different options,  we had the sweet potato they were awesome,  one order is easily enough for 2 ppl.  . . Our service was awesome with our waitress Mia being a seasoned veteran being here since the grand opening and our drinks were never empty due to their great bussers.  . . Delivery of our food was fast but not rushed.  . . Two burgers,  fries and one soda came to 46$ but it was amazing and we will be back. . . Drink and desert menu is on a I pad which is neat and the bill comes with a service Survey on a ipod. . . Rumor has it,  it's the number one restaurant on the whole strip doing over 40-50k in sales a day.  . . The secret to their other burgers is some sort of amazing butter mixture and the way they grill the meat.  . . Do not come here to save calories :)
I took my family here for Father's Day and they still can't stop raving about it. Neither can I. We didn't have to wait in the long line because we had four people in the party. The lady at the front asked for my phone number and said she'd text me when our table was ready. It didn't take long to receive the text and the hostess led us to our table. The waitress was enthusiastic as she told us about the menu.. . We ordered wings for an appetizer and they were great. I ordered a Farm Burger on the recommendation of the waitress and it was absolutely delicious. The meat was medium-rare, just how I liked it, and it didn't take long to finish the burger. The fries were equally as good and an order of two of them were more enough for the four of us.. . We had just enough room for dessert and we ordered the Oreo shake with creme brulee. So good! I wish I hadn't been so full from earlier or else I would have ate more of it.. . This was the first time I've visited a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and it did not disappoint at all. I definitely plan to come back soon.
I absolutely loved this place! My bf and I loved it so much we came here for dinner both nights we were in Vegas! We were in the mood for burgers so we stopped here before heading out for the night! Both nights we were seated with no wait.... And the service was great! The waitress and waiter we had were super friendly and so great! They checked on us frequently, refilled our water and asked us if we wanted more drinks! Based on their recommendations we ordered the euro burger, which has goat cheese, arugula, oven roasted tomato and truffle aioli sauce. It was delicious I have to say! Very rich in flavor, the goat cheese and arugula gave it a nice touch! The night before I tried the Hell's Kitchen burger (asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado and oven roasted tomatoes). This burger was also great, with a nice added kick from the jalapenos! But the avocado was nice and creamy to counter the spice!. We also ordered the truffle Parmesan fries, which we shared. These were the best fries, hands down! Steak cut fries with shredded Parmesan and aioli sauce... Provided with their special aioli sauce and house made ketchup! Definitely recommend trying them!. And lastly, for dessert we got the Oreo Shake with the creme brulee pudding....OMG  it was amazing! The pudding was delicious and the Oreo Shake below it was so good! . Sadly we had missed Gordon Ramsey in house when he came an hour before we stopped in for the one year anniversary of BurGR with a large burger Cake! So cool! . Burgers range from 14-17$ so be prepared to spend a bit and the fries are extra (11 bucks, normal fries are 8 but the portions are large enough to share!). And they have a good drink selection and beer selection is also good, with 7$ draughts! . Overall, expect to pay about 30 dollars per person before tip and taxes, but it is Vegas and TOTALLY worth it! Definitely my favorite burger I've had so far!!!
This is right inside Planet Hollywood when you first enter. You can't make a reservation, as it's first come, first serve. That means you have to wait in line with everyone else, but make sure you let the hostess know you're there and the size of your party. Smaller parties can sit at the bar and often be seated much earlier, so if you don't mind, ask for the bar. . . I tried the truffle Parmesan fries and the Hell's Kitchen burger, which included asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, and roasted tomatoes. The fries were thick and crispy, and the accompanying sauces were incredibly delicious. For the burger, the meat was perfectly cooked, the peppers were actually spicy, and I liked the overall flavor. I also tried the Oreo milkshake with creme brulee pudding, which adequately satisfied my sweet tooth!. . For drinks, they have about 30 beers on tap. The bartender gave me samples of a few I was interested in, and I picked the apple cider. I would come back just for the beer! I visited all 3 Gordon Ramsey restaurants during my last trip to Vegas, and I would have to say that I received the best service here. Also, if you're a Total Rewards member, everything on the menu is $1 cheaper, and make sure they credit your card.
Hello there fellow Yelpers!. . First I want to emphasize the fact that I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay. That man is a genius! One of thee best food engineers ever. So therefore I ordered quite a handful.. . Honey-Pig Bao Buns.. This dish consists of roasted pork belly, cucumbers radish, cilantro, and honey-hoisin sauce. My god those combinations of flavors goes well. The Bao Bun was soft and strong in flavor. The pork belly was cooked just right. And with the mix of the selected greens, it gives the dish a fresh and healthy taste. The hoison sauce didn't over power the dish, which was perfect. Everything was complimented perfectly.. . Truffle Parmesan Fries.. The sides of the meal, but man do they pull their weight in this meal filled with amazing flavors. I received the fries with two sauces, truffle aioli and chipotle ketchup. The truffle aioli amazingly compliments the saltiness of the fries. The chipotle ketchup is something I asked for on the side, and it has a strong kick to it. Definitely worth it. . . Farm Burger.. My burger consisted of duck breast bacon, English sharp cheddar, and a fried egg. I asked for my burger medium rare, and man was it fantastic. The flavors of the duck breast bacon and fried egg meshed nicely with their great burger patty. This place has really lived up to Gordon Ramsay's name. . . Shake #4 aka Oreo Shake.. My god, creme brulee pudding with an oreo shake and an oreo cookie to top it off! This was a great blend. Hands down, best creme brulee I have ever tasted, and it mixed well with the oreo shake. I recommend having both in one spoon full. It's not too sweet, but just the right amount of sugar. No one wants their desserts overpowered by just pure sugar. . . Now to top it all off, the service here is amazing! The fact that this place is located in Vegas also makes it awesome! I hope to make future reviews on new dishes that I did not get to try out on my next visit to the BurGR! Signing off Yelpers. . . -G Fizzle
I dnk how to say this . . . Best . Burger . EVER. . Tried the euro and the Hell's Kitchen one . . . Oh and the truffle fries ?? Amazing...
Mood: Sports bar type.  Table and chairs- also long bar area to sit at.. Seating: we sat at the bar on high top padded stool/chairs and could watch the food cooks and service teams in action.. Service: Very good, Food prep team top notch. All plates checked for smudges or crumbs and cleaned or replaced before serving.. Food: Very Good. Very -Very good.  I must admit, I complain of high priced Vegas places, but I am a BURGER FREAK.  The Hells Kitchen Burger and Farm burger were Fan-friggin-tastic! Even all of the condiments taste freshly made. This place makes me want to come back, like tomorrow.. My past Favorite Burger places: Holsteins @ Cosmo and Burger Bar @ the mall between Mandalay Bay & Luxor. Right now, I'm putting Burgr as #1.. Prices: 2 burgers, 1 hot dog (geez it is good),  2 iced teas, 1 coke, 1 parm, cheese fries, &  1 reg fries. = $95 bucks.  . Yes, I could buy a lot of ground beef for that $$, but hey-it's Vegas.  I don't like to cookso when I want to treat myself to a burger (I don't eat them often because of fat/calories) I only go for a truly delicious one...and Burgr does it up right.
The wait was 1hour + but we ended up gambling while waiting so it wasn't a biggie.  The service was great.  The farm burger and the Hog burgers were phenomenal.  Definitely going to my top 5 burgers list.  Their truffle fries were delicious but fries taste good everywhere so nothing to write home about.
This was honestly the best burger i have ever eaten. Highly recommend the farm burger because anything with an egg is absolutely amazing. Alex was our server and he made the experience not only by strategically planning out our perfect burger, but showing off his witty personality keeping us entertained. Such an amazing experience! Thank you Gordon ramsay
The best burger ever! I came to Vegas to try all of the ramsey restaurant's, and honesty it was worth the trip and the wait...the line was long! I had the hells kitchen burger and a banana shake. My burger was medium rare. Juicy and fresh. The bun was soft but toasty. However, our food took a while to reach our table.  It was only my husband and I in our party. The couples sitting around us received their food at the same time as us, but arrived after us. I'm not going to lower my rating based on this because it happens. I loved the food and will be back!
Best burger place on the strip in my opinion.. . I always get the Hell's Kitchen Burger.
Nothing to complain about really!. Come on people, it's VEGAS!. We're here to have a good time right?. Ok so, let's see here.... . FOOD: DELICIOUS! BEST LITTLE DAMN BURGER I've ever had!. PRICE: Little may be the burger but, BIG is the price, not too bad though ;). SERVICE: FRIENDLY & PRO. BIG FAN: of CHEF RAMSAY!!!. PICTURE SPOT: In front of the restaurant were FLAMES! . . I will be back, back, BACK!
Definitely in the top 3 burgers I've ever had. High quality ingredients and lots of beers on tap!. . I ordered the Hell's Kitchen and it was great! My only suggestion would be to fan out the jalapeno and avocado more so it's not all in the middle. The meat was high quality and cooked just like I ordered it. The bun looks like it would be dense but it's this light fluffy little cloud of heaven! The truffle Parmesan fries were very good too, but we got so full on the burgers we didn't finish the fries.. . I would definitely go back!
Sigh, leave it to Gordon Ramsay to beat Americans at their own game. Cute girls in tight dresses, cute boys in not so cute tight shirts, and bombass burgers.. . There was a long line leading to the restaurant but luckily they had a handy call back system that will text you when your table is ready. 45 minutes later, we were seated.. . Almost everyone at our table ordered something different so I was able to try a variety of burgers and sides. . APPETIZERS: We started off with Maui Onion Rings and Jalapeno Poppers. The Onion Rings were amazeballs and the Poppers were very conveniently separated into 6 shot glasses. . BURGRS: Hell's Kitchen Burger, Euro Burger, Farm  Burger, Hog Burger and a Fish Sandwich. I specifically remember the Euro and Farm. Both were cooked juicy and perfectly medium. On the Euro, the tangy goat cheese and over roasted tomatoes were delicious. I highly recommend the Farm burger as well, the duck bacon went great with the runny egg yolk. . My mom's friend raved about her fish sandwich for days.. SIDES: Sweet Potato Fries and Truffle Parmesan Fries. I have never been a fan of sweet potatoes, so naturally, I never liked them in fry form either. These on the other hand, covered in Vanilla Powdered Sugar with Honey Jalapeno Mayo were something I could snack on for days. My brother said that if Gordon Ramsays jizz was made of Honey Jalapeno Mayo, he'd take it to the face.. The Truffle Parmesan Fries were alright. The only thing that stuck out was the Truffle Aioli for dipping.. . It's hard to pick places to eat in Vegas because there are great restaurants everywhere you look. I recommend stopping by here, it's worth it.
Wow!!! . Now that is a stunning burger! I got the three cheese burger and think it is by far the best burger ever. My foodie friend went for the spicy hotdog and was so happy with his choice too!  . A bit expensive but I would definitely pay to play again anytime!  Yum yum yum!!!
Britney is the best... Highly knowledgable about the menu.. Superior customer skills { Britney is HeRe}. ~~~~~~. Our sitting was delayed so they comped us with 4 awesome cocktails.... ~~~~~~. So far we had the Fury Chicken wings, And the truffle fries.......Aweeeesomeeee. ~~~~~~. Ohhhh my GoooDd the Euro burger was A-Mazing!!!!l
I been wanting to try this place for a long time since I'm a big fan of Gordon Ramsay. We had a 2 hour wait but you can leave and they'll text you when the table is ready..  If you have the casino members card, you get $1 off each menu item. So while you're waiting for your table, go get the players card. . . The restaurant doesn't have tables for groups larger than about 4 so you would have to split up. We had a group of 7 but they sat us in a area about right next to reach other.. . Customer service was spot on. Very friendly and informative waiters. . . Here was what we ordered:. Shake #4 creme brulee pudding + Oreo shake + Oreo cookie = best shake ever!!!! LOVED IT since I love both of those, this was a perfect combo! The drink isn't super thick and milky surprisingly but more creamy. I couldn't stop drinking it. It actually made me full from eating my burger lol.. . Honey pig bao buns - roasted pork belly, pickled cucumber and radish, cilantro and honey hoisin sauce. It was good but I did wish the roasted pork belly was crunchy. It was soft though. The bun was very moist and soft. Overall, I liked it because of the pickled toppings that went with it. . . Farm burger- duck breast bacon cheddar and fried egg. This was one of the best burger I have had in a long time! They egg yolk was perfectly cooked to how I like it, runny. The duck breast bacon was good but a little too salty but still good. The hamburger buns were very fluffy and compliment the burger meat well. It did not overwhelm the burger. . . My husband got the Hell's Kitchen burger. It was very spicy but he loved it. The avocado was delicious with the burger. Meat was juicy and the burger was very flavorful. The bun on this burger was the same as the farm burger. Fluffy and went well with the burger.. . My siblings got the Hog Burger and enjoyed it very much so. Juicy, cooked to perfection of medium rare with the awesome bun. . . We would all come back here again next time. Totally worth your money!
How it's done right.. Our busboy looks like a Chippendale. He can wait on my table anytime. :-). Our server is so hot she couldset a stripper pole on fire.. Prices are not prohibitive. $15 for a gourmet burger on the strip is what I mean.. Loud music and swanky decor make you forget you are part of the 98%.. Tables set aside for VIPs. Skip the line if you are a Platinum Rewards level member.. Santa Maria! The #1 shake can send you into a sugar coma. Make sure you order it!. Ditch the onions rings and go for the truffle fries. The blue cheese dip it comes with is to DIE for.. Hell's Kitchen Burger is over-rated. Go for the Chanterelle Burger with Fontina cheese added. Slather some of that blue cheese dressing from the truffle fries and you can die a happy man (or woman).. . The wait outside is worth it. Don't miss this.
LIKES: food, service, use of technology, value. DISLIKES: the server's outfits. . [Background:]. Went here in December 2013 with my boyfriend, before a show. We made no reservations at 8 p.m., but the wait was less than 10 minutes.  We also had a Total Rewards card that gave us a dollar off each menu item --- score! . . This restaurant is located inside Planet Hollywood. Very easy to find as it is on The Strip. . . The ambiance was warm and very casual. Other diners were young, old, purple and blue --- everyone is welcome. . . BUT, I didn't really like the servers' uniforms. It was a weird sporty look with sneakers. I thought something more classic (collared shirt? Nice pants? A mid-length skirt?) would've projected a casual vibe too. It was a bit more McDonald's for me...Oops. Don't think they were going for that.. . [Food:]. Got a suggestion from our server to choose the Farm Burger. And my boyfriend did! I picked the Hells Kitchen burger to try their house special.. . My boyfriend deemed the Farm Burger "the best" he's ever tasted. Ever. And he loves burgers. It was the perfect taste, great meat to bread to everything else in between ratio.. . The Hells Kitchen burgerwas probably the best I've ever tasted too, and I am not usually a burger eater. It was very easy to enjoy, a light burger yet very savoury. I couldn't finish it though, so I had half of it the next day. Still tasted delicious---and I am very picky.. . The burgers, however, do not come with fries. You order that separately. We got the Hawaiian onion rings instead. These were so amazing --- batter was light and the portions were huge! It didn't make us feel sick of eating onion rings after the 1038th bite.. . [Service:]. Excellent! Just the perfect amount of friendliness. Our servers (we had a change up in the middle of our service) were so casual, yet very professional. We didn't feel intimidated even though it was Gordon Ramsay's restaurant! Ha. Ha. Ha. The REAL Gordon Ramsay. Well, he would've been proud since he was well-represented by his people at BURGR.. . Loved the use of technology too! There was an iPad presented to us to look over the drinks and appies. We also got to rate our experience for the night via an iPhone attached to the receipt folder thing. Very innovative.. . [Value:]. Okay. Confession: We got a souvenir...for free! We kept the menus. Oops. The server said we could. I swear! We were so excited over the fact that we ate at this restaurant that the server said we should keep the menus as souvenir. That's pretty good value!. . Oh, the food & drinks were obviously great value too! We ended up paying about $50 plus tips for two gourmet burgers, two beers and onion rings. Not bad at all! And full, we were. Very.. . [Verdict:]. LOVE IT. You must go! It has set the standards for all of my burger consumption from here on. Totally lived up to Gordon Ramsay's name...and now I heart Gordon even more.
The service and food was superb!!! Although it was a bit pricey for burgers, it was totally worth it! especially to experience a place where Hell's Kitchen was filmed!. . It was a wonderful experience and fun ambience in the a prime location on the Strip.  Definitely a go-to casual place in Vegas!
I don't know why some of my fellow yelpers and friends don't like this place. To me, it's burger heaven! Perhaps the mistake is the order combination; however, my first experience was total perfection.  Located just inside Planet Hollywood, and trust me you won't miss it unlike Earl's Sandwich (I always have trouble finding that place).  The Jalapeno Poppers and Truffle Parmesan Fries were mind blowing delicious grubs! You must at least order these if you've avoided being a carnivore.  The burger: well................ just perfect. The end.. . Ambiance 4.8. Flavor 5. Presentation 5. Service 4.5. Price 4.5. . Grade: 4.76
