Very friendly folks, I used to feel that one had to get all dressed up to go there, but being as how I live right behind the place, I don't feel like getting all dressed up to get my morning fix, so I go in in sweats and a tshirt and no one says anything lol. Great Velvet, awesome homemade whipped cream, great experience! Oh, and guys it's cheaper than Starbucks, and way way way better, so give it a try!
Lux is always a great place to go read or socialize.   They always have good music, and great people.  I personally go pretty much nightly to work from home.  Always such great friendly staff and customers.
Great place to drink coffee with a friend or do your academic work and very easy to bring your dog. Everybody who works at Lux is great!!!
This place is a bonafide treasure for Phoenix.  If you are looking for authentic, urban and high quality coffee experience this place is for you.  The owner is ALWAYS there and will go out of his way to say hello and treat you like family.  This place is unique enough in that its a true melting pot - gathering place for many demographics.  Pastries were all made from scratch and the vibe is WAY better than corporate competitors.  Keep it up.
I wanted to add how great the pies and quiches are to get when you order in advance.  Always made deliciously and makes all the guests happy.  its a must for holidays or special occasions.
Everything here is tasty.  They can be crowded, so expect that!  Wish they were open later when my friends want to go boozing and I want an espresso!
This hipster coffee shop should not put anyone off. Coffee was excellent! The lemon cake was a morning favorite as well. It's worth the wait if you see a long line, which moves quick anyway.. From the chill DJ beats to the great mix of young, old, artist, business persons. This coffee shop was a gem in down town.
Let me add to the NOISE!. . . ----Of course, one must enjoy the pseudo-bohemian appearance and the vaguely leftist hippies. What do they really know about art that they couldn't read in any trendy New York underground fashion magazine. I caught you! You prototypical non-conformist  Nothing but vacuous soldier of the thrift store. Lux, you adhere to a set of standards and tastes that appear to be determined by an unseen panel of hipster judges.... Giving a thumbs up or thumbs down to incoming and outgoing trends and styles of music and art.  You're so post-modern, It's disgusting, its offensive don't stick your nose up at me!----. .   +hehe ...totally kidding+ . . If you understand my reference to my previous paragraph I think you are a head of the bell curve.. . ||ANYWAY, it was 2006 when I first visited LUx, "oh this is kinda cool, but not my style." It was almost dramatic irony as I look back on it...that next month I was accepted to a small liberal arts college in Portland, OR...which was totally not my style or element. People "smoking" themselves to cancer right out side every cafe and bar...haha  .                                                           |. ANYWAY, its 2011 when I again visited LUx, "Oh this is kinda cool, but not my style."  It was almost a congruity of ideas as I look at it now. This month I was accepted to a Trauma internship at PCH...which is totally my style and element. People curing others from their "blunt" sudden physical injury...haha||  . . . WHY the five stars, same reason a person looks at the past and smile...because it happened and it was wonderful.. . LUx, your weird, but I lov you in a enduring nostalgic way. . . --Keep LUx Weird---. . R\_    "people like you are why people like me exist"
Best coffee in Phoenix.  You should also try Pane Bianco next door.
I couldn't love this place anymore. The music, the people, the coffee, the pastries, the atmosphere. They blow everyone away and invite them back to enjoy a relaxed productive or chill time. Anytime Any day of the week. . . And yes. I'm writing this review right now here. At lux.
You have to try the velvet!!! Lux is so to die for, we actually had a meeting at my office that it is ok to go during work hours without counting it as a break as long as you bring some back for everyone. (no joke)
Lux has the best coffee in town, hands down. They roast the beans on site, never bitter like that overdone Starbucks stuff. My penchant for sugar-free vanilla latte's always satisfied here. Free wi-fi. The staff do some jedi mind trick and always remember my name. I can bring my dog, they remember her name too.. . BOTTOM LINE: Sometimes I dream of this coffee
I have been coming to Lux for years ever since I started graduate school here in AZ.  What is there to say that hasn't already been said other than hands down it is my go-to coffee spot in Arizona.  Such a warm and diverse group of people, rotating artwork, the perfectstudy music playing in the background (although it is played a bit loud), espresso roasted on-site and baked goods made on-site.  Always find an excuse to end up there for a cafe au lait or a velvet if I have a sweet tooth!
Thank you Lux. . . Perfect in house roasted beans to make my iced coffee. Amazing baristas. Cute British girl at the counter was a bonus. . . Solid baked goods. Great decor.
Lux is a weekend staple-- Saturday without Lux would be akin to missing a critical appendage.  Well maybe not, but pretty damn close. . . As others have said the coffee is fantastic, actually the best I've ever had.  The espresso is always perfect.  I have a weakness for their iced mochas-- really the only iced mochas I've ever liked. Not too sweet, not too bitter, not too anything... just pure awesomeness.  And their whipped cream?  It took me about a year of visiting Lux to discover this sweet surprise, but it is so good.  Still not sure what the special twist is, but it is goooooood. . . And their baked goods are better than any I've had at a coffee shop.  Most are made on-site in an adorable little kitchen in the hallway.  My love of baking tempts me to slip in, tie on an apron, and start baking- but I've held myself back from offering unsolicited help.  At least thus far.   . . The staff is always friendly and always remembers your name (or at least makes a concerted effort to do so). It's generally crowded-- which makes sense, being as it is, in my humble opinion, the best coffee shop in Phoenix... maybe Arizona... maybe the US. Somehow the crowds and loud music never bother me-- and I can always find a seat.   Lux is one of those places that seems like it would be too hip for my taste-- everything about the decor, ambiance, and clientele suggests this, but for some reason, it still feels comfortable and friendly.  Maybe it's the warm embrace of out-of-this-world espresso and brioche.... whatever it is, it's a fantastically addicting way to start my weekend.
With their internet fixed this is one of the best Coffee Houses in all of the Phoenix Metro.
I have been a regular for about about 4 or 5  years now.  Lux is a home away from home. Ambiance, art & a great cup of coffee. Go with friends or go alone its still awesome. The staff is great, i.e. Sammy, Ron DMC, Sara, Lindsay, Jeff, & the list goes on ( sorry morning people I don't know your names :x ). No fancy review, just go in & get a coffee & a pastry, you'll never regret it.
I'm a regular here for a reason. The coffee and pastries are great and service always friendly. Sure the place is full of hipsters on their Macs but I see all kinds of people here, never snobberish. Can get loud and people get way too comfortable at times (get your feet off the table) but overall...great place.
I love Lux, and now that I've left downtown Phoenix living for good, I will miss it.. . I am going to give it five stars instead of four, because Jeff, the owner, more than makes up for the crowds with his great customer service. He gets to know his regulars by name and encourages all of the staff to do the same. . . To the reviewer who was bummed out that they didn't know what a "cafe ole" was... I think you MEANT "cafe au lait." It's a French drink, not a Spanish cheer.. . Yeah it's crowded. Yeah there are often too many hipsters (my little sister said that she'd have to find some Buddy Holly glasses to wear in next time, so she'd fit in better). But the coffee is great, the baked goods are awesome, and the staff is capable, courteous, and kicks much ass.
AMAZING! Love love love this place! There is not much left to say that others have not.... Consistency is always key for me when were talking about coffee and I can say that I have never had anything less than perfection every time I've visited. Love the iced americano...the espresso is delicious! :)
Not much to say that hasn't been covered; great coffee, good atmosphere, great place to have coffee with your date. Only slight downside during the summer is limited inside seating because they're always so busy, and outside patio is a bajillion degrees, of course. (although, they do have shades, which help.) During fall / spring, their patio if a veritable destination spot.
This is one of my favorite hangouts. The staff is always friendly and have great memories and social skills. It is nice to always be greater with a smile and warm greeting no matter who is working. This coffee shop has amazing pastries made from scratch daily with a good variety. I have never had a problem finding an available outlet, which is pretty rare in a coffee house so centrally located and that does good business. You wont be disappointed. Cute and has a lot of character!
Great coffee shop, free wi-fi, great service! Can't ask for much more. Atmosphere is nice and cozy, and quiet.  Lots of people studying here I think.  Not me though. :o)  Has outdoor seating too.  Too hot in summer maybe, but great in winter.
All I can really say is this is my favorite coffee ever!
I love Lux. I love it. My friendship with Lux has seen me through three past relationships and a current relationship, which is astounding. I would marry Lux, but my life, my lover, my lady, is the the sea (ha ha, I got jokes). I've been going to Lux forever. Sometimes sporadically, but for the past year every Saturday except when I'm out of town, and when I'm out of town and it's Saturday, I miss this g*d*mn place. I went to a sushi place a month or so back and the server there recognized me from when she worked at Lux years ago. . . People mention the too-hip crowd, but I have to let you know that they're the kind of too-hip kids that used to be fat in high school. I've never had a bad experience with anyone here except the little kids who make faces at me or offer me their stuffed animals while I'm in line, those d*mn kids (jokes, again). There was, of course, one time this guy tried to take my place and mark it with his apple computer before I even got up from my seat, but I scolded him like a puppy (a strong "NO!") and told him he could have the seat when I decide to leave. You might think, "well, if you don't recognize the too-hip kids, then you, too, must be a too-hip bastard," but let me tell you, I'm 31-going-on-65. My goal in life is to become a golden girl, I am currently really excited that there might be a concert band I can join, and my blood pressure goes over the top when I throw rocks into the ocean. Hip, I am not.. . Mad props to the owner and his boisterous voice, Shadi (I don't know how to spell her name but she's there most Saturday mornings), the newish counter lady with the short red hair on Saturdays, the many rotating coffeemaking dudes, and the dude who sits in the corner on Sunday by the roaster room and plays music from a laptop over the speakers. There's also a coffeemaking dude at night whose name I don't know, but he's hilarious. You know it's been a rough day when I'm rolling in at 9:45 pm to get some caffeine, and this dude always makes me laugh. He's one of the too-hip people there with thick rimmed plastic frames.. . I just realized I posted a review without reviewing the product. OY! The espresso is great. I've never experienced the drip coffee, but I've gotten various espresso drinks from cappuccinos to dolled-up espresso mochas. They're consistently fantastic. I can think of two occasions I didn't like the espresso, and they were both drinks in which I decided to go with soy milk. Every so often, I pull a hippy move and decide to try soy in coffee. It's horrible no matter where you go, so I don't hold it against Lux.
Whip cream .. red velvet .. yeah im going here tomorrow
Easily one of my favorite coffee shops in the country & i don't say that lightly. Especially after going to Washington & Oregon, i'd still say Lux beats everything ive ever been too.. & i always take my friends here to experience the goodness of Lux.. . Something else i'll say - i work at Starbucks, so if it tells you anything, i'm a coffee snob. i've worked for Starbucks since 06 & i would still prefer a lux coffee over Starbucks any day.. . This place has charm. The people are inviting & great. Very raw atmosphere. Expect to get great coffee & great food. Everything is baked fresh every day with their cute little bakery in the back. Its worth the time to stop by!
Sometimes you just need to say ,"eff the environment!" and drive 25 miles for a delicious mocha.
Lux continually makes some of the best espresso drinks in the Valley in my opinion. Their lattes and mochas are something I drive over 15 miles for every week. . . There are a lot of other options when it comes to Phoenix, but Lux has a great pastry case to match the coffee. Their lemon tarts, coffee cakes and giant cookies are always good. Only problem is that sometimes the place can get really busy on the weekends and there's nowhere to sit inside. That can be a problem when its 110 F out, but if you go at night there's generally seating available.. . As for everyone talking about the "hip" scene it attracts...ya there is a lot of that sometimes but everyone is friendly and it's a fun place to people watch at the very least.
We drive from the northwest valley for their heavenly  Black & White lattes with (amazing) fresh whipped cream. And their baked goods (lemon tarts, plum cakes, cupcakes, etc.) are other worldly. Great college town vibe.
Opening night!  The food was fantastic.  Same great pastries and coffee/teas as Lux. But now with wine and food.  Had a great time.  Ambiance is fantastic.  There are two work/study areas and a large dining area.  Service was great.  Good selection of beers and wines.  Great addition to the coffee shop.  Extended hours - so for all you night owls it's fantastic.  Hope to spend more time here!
I have been a long time frequenter of this amazing coffee house. I don't pretend to be a coffee snob but I am an addict and this place makes the best lattes and coffee of any place I've ever been. The pastries are unreal and baked in house with love. . . They recently opened their new addition and restaurant and I have to say that they have made a true iconic mark in downtown Phoenix. The menu is limited right now but everything we were served was great. Of course they still maintain their coffee house vibe and have sacrificed nothing in that area with the renovation. . . This place is a must visit in Phoenix!
Very impressive space and design.  I attended the "soft" opening and was very pleased. If you like artistically crafted drinks... this is the place for you.. I enjoyed a "Black" Manhattan which was made with Rye Whiskey. It was perfect! Of the menu items I was able to sample the macaroni and cheese was very impressive. Completely unique and light, where most mac and cheeses are clumpy, heavy and boring.. . The staff is delightful!. . I can't wait to come back to Phoenix and get my LUX on!!
What can you say about a place that hits all the right notes?  It is charming...funky...cool...fun.  There are several rooms and within those rooms, nooks and crannies so you can choose solitude or conviviality, depending on your mood.   . . The food is A+++++.   All the old favorites are there -- great coffee and melt-in-your-mouth pastries.   I personally have only been there for coffee...yet.    But I heard ooooohs and ahhhhhhs over the rest of the menu items.   You know it's good when people are planning what they will have on their next visit before they have even finished their meal.. . There is a bar now and what looks like a very well chosen wine collection.   Enjoy!!!!
This was always my favorite coffee shop but after the massive expansion I would have to say this is just my overall place to hang out  in Phoenix. To say this shop has personality is an understatement - it is comfortable, great people watching, friendly staff, excellent pastries, and oh yeah, great coffee (even though I wish they also served decaf drip).
Of course you can get almond milk in your iced latte. Of course the waitress is 90 lbs and wearing a plaid headband with a pixie haircut. Of course everyone who needs to be seen working publicly is there with a laptop, and naturally there are no menus and everyone knows to go in the back.... . But, fear not the Eau de Hipster that emanates from this lovely place!. . There's also a gym buddy group drinking tea, my mom and I on a couch in the corner drinking coffee, parents ordering pastries for their toddlers, a husband and wife sharing a scone, and random dudes at the bar chatting up smiling strangers.. . Just because it's a hipster joint, doesn't mean it's not an everyone else joint, too. And besides, almond milk is the shiznit in iced lattes, so let's just embrace it.
The new Lux is amazing! In addition to the aspects that haven't changed, like serving the best espresso in the Valley combined with one-of-a-kind baked goods and the best quiche I've ever had (in the mornings), Lux has a brand new space and now serves dinner, wine, bottled beer and some pretty amazing cocktails from scratch (my margarita was made with egg whites!).. . The other thing that hasn't changed is the friendliness of the staff and the welcoming atmosphere.  Lux feels a lot like home to me, only the food is better than anything I've got in my fridge and the people give me something really interesting to get distracted by!
My head is still spinning. I will write a better review later.. . They are doing it right on so many levels. Phoenix needs more stuff like this. Totally unique. Personality-driven, friendly and fun and welcoming. I love it.. . The food and drinks were awesome.
Lux = quality on all levels. Java, juice, pastries, breakfast quiche is yummy,  art work, clientele, and especially the wonderful staff. I'm a regular here and have never had a negative experience. I'm very much looking forward to the new Lux opening just next door!
Jeff, the owner, took what was a great coffee shop and turned it into an awesome destination experience. The place is always filled (which makes for some great people watching) and it is a treat just to kick back and relax. If you love coffee shops, this is a must!
wanted to try this place after reading a long article in the AZ republic about the place.. . My only initial concern was is this going to be an authentic place or some hipster wanna be establishment. In the article the owner wanted to expand (money) but talked about knowing all his customers in an intimate way. Kinda had me worried. dont really like talking to people unless they are authentic about it.. . The place looks great, real industrial feel. lots of room and different decor which is probably by design. Variety of people too from tree huggers, businessman, moms with tots and a gay crowd. Pretty cool. . . Good coffee, very average scone. Great service. enjoyed hanging out for a couple of hours. Even saw the owner and he didnt approach anyone. He's hard not to notice. He's got the cool guy glasses and hipster pants on. Must have read some serious shakespeare that day.. . looking forward to checking out the drinks and food at night.
I absolutely adore Lux and especially enjoy the new location (don't worry, it moved about a grand total of five feet from the original location). The new location is much roomier, has more seating, and most importantly more table space! I find this to be a great place to study, meet someone or just relax.. . If anyone tells you this isn't a hipster bar, frankly, they're lying. However, I find this rather refreshing compared to the rest of Phoenix which can be quite hum drum. And not every patron is a hipster, however hipsters dominate.. . The coffee and pastries are excellent and the staff is friendly and personable. They now have two separate counter areas in the new location, one that serves the coffee and pastries and another that serves the booze and food. Also they are now open until midnight, but only serve coffee until ten... which is excellent in my opinion ^.^. . Overall, I love Lux and am happy to have them as neighbors! Wonderful place for me to study (especially with extended hours now) and they are certainly helping with my SF withdrawals, being new to Phoenix and such.. . Two areas for improvement though... there is NO HAPPY HOUR :'( and their coffee could be MUCH stronger.
Wow-A-Palooza!  Talk about a metamorphosis!   Jeff, you had the greatest coffee joint in Phoenix... now after this move/renovation you may have the coolest joint in the country.  Talk about hip, cool, and perhaps the warmest most comfortable place to hang out.  Nooks and crannies, little rooms, sections, all with their own vibe, feel and energy.  You have completely outdone yourself and everyone else man!. . If you are someone who either has never been to Lux or haven't been in a long while, then you MUST GO (and go again and again and again to take it all in).  . . And oh, by the way... besides the comfortable atmosphere, both the coffee and food is over the top.  Katie (the chef), you're talents, passion and energy are appreciated by so many.
The Velvet coffee drink with whipped cream is the most amazing coffee I've ever had in my life.  It made Starbucks look like 7/11.  I also had a peach upside down muffin which resembled a piece of pineapple upside down cake.  It was also really really delicious.  . . I love the mix of modern, antique, and industrial.  I was there on a Saturday afternoon and there was a lot of seating available. The ladies room was clean.  There were some dirty dishes scattered around the place, but it was busy and I didn't really care- they were all picked up by the time we left.  There were a few hipsters in there, but my conservative suburbanite parents felt very comfortable in there as well.  . . My only qualm was the lack of a menu and pricing.  If my friend hadn't recommended the Velvet I would've been totally clueless, and possibly disappointed.  While I was waiting in line I even pulled out my phone to check if their website had a menu, but couldn't find anything.  In the restaurant I could only find a list of teas (on a small piece of paper right by the register), and alcoholic beverages (on the glass wall).  Maybe I just wasn't looking in the right spot.. . I will be back!
Is somewhat of a 'fairy tale' coffee joint - out of a movie/magazine type atmosphere. Kept getting cooler and cooler as I asked more questions about their store, walked around, etc. . . Great coffee experience and they were roasting while I was there which added to the vibe. . . Only downer is that Biff's (think back to the future with me) run amuck in this place  - I was wearing business attire and you would have thought I was yelling racist remarks with the looks I was getting. Sorda funny to me, just see that getting to me if I was a local.
You really gotta be either insane or an idiot to mess with near perfection, and that's exactly what Lux did when they moved next door and added liquor to the mix.. . Well that is unless I guess you really know what you're doing ... and the owners CLEARLY know what they are doing. This place is bigger and better than the old Lux and I never expected to say that.. . This place is a diamond in the rough. There is no coffee shop within 300 miles that is this hip, this cool and this awesome.. . Oh yeah ... the coffee is damned good to!
Lux is one of the best places to have a cup of coffee in central Phx.  The drinks are pretty good; they used to be better a couple years ago.  Maybe they changed there espresso, who knows?  I love their new location: it's designed so well.  I love mid-century furniture, so it's still a pretty nice spot to have a cup of coffee with my girl.  I haven't had the food yet, but I will soon.  Since they now serve food and drinks, there is more of a reason to go to Lux.
Who that within two months of adding a bar & kitchen, Lux could have quite probably the *best burger in Phoenix*?. . Green chili cheddar burger: Highly recommended.. . The bartenders are great, too. Have them mix you something new.
I. LOVE. LUX. . They play the best music (The XX tonight). Their coffee and tea is always the best (my personal favorites are quattro con panne and the "velvet"). Their baked goods are so genuinely great. And now the new food and atmosphere are simply making me want to live and die here. . I wish it were closer to me since I live in Tempe, but I'll gladly make the Lightrail trek at least once a week for my fix.
Okay, so I admit it. Sometimes I get a stubborn idea about not wanting to go to a specific establishment due to a fierce loyalty to one of it's competitors. It took me a while to cave on this one. Too long in fact.. . Everyone loves Lux and as it happens, they have good reason to! My latte was supremely delicious. The environment is great albeit slightly confusing as far as the flow of service. . . I absolutely love the patio area. This place definitely has a Pacific Northwest vibe that immediately resonates with me. The service was really laid back, yet authentically friendly. I was far too busy enthusiastically catching up with a dear friend to take in all that Lux has to offer. There's room in my heart for Lux after all so I shall return. My primary concerns going in were the coffee, service and atmosphere. A+ for all in my humble estimation. . . I was a little late to the party, but I had a blast anyway.
this has always been my favorite coffee shop in phoenix.  the organic lattes are the fuel that powers me through this crazy world!. . i love the ambiance, the people, the food, the art, the music, the couches and of course the coffee. (these guys roast their own beans incase you didn't know). . i have not had the privilege of dining here yet, but i'm sure it is a wonderful experience like everything else.  jeff has done an amazing job breathing life into the new location.. . i truly feel the heart of my community every time i am at lux.
The coffee is great, the chai even better, and the pastries are fantastic. . . Warm, laid-back, and welcoming. Plenty of room, but in almost every available seat sat a college kid with a MacBook. Isn't that the norm at a good coffee shop though?.  . Easy to miss if you don't know it's there.
Lux, I miss you!
Loved this place. Super chic and quaint. Yes, there are many college kids and lawyers there, but, I kind of liked it.  It reminds me of a cafe one might find in San Fransico or Brooklyn. The place is huge, so, it isn't that hard to find seating, you just might have to spend a little effort looking (there are nooks and crannies everywhere). The coffee was excellent, loved my latte. It's so awesome they have such an assortment of home made pastries; there is something for everyone's tastes, I'm sure. I only wish I lived closer.
I'm not going to lie - what made me go to Lux in the first place is because there is a character named Lux in the online game League of Legends that I'd been playing a lot, and it caught my attention.  Secondly, I wanted some morning coffee on a Monday morning while visiting Phoenix.. . If I were limited to rail travels, I'd tout its easy accessibility it is to the rail, but I had a car, and it's in a convenient location that at worst, requires a U-turn to get to.  Parking was a little sparse, but I was able to get a spot, probably because I was hitting it up after the real main morning rush.. . The interior of the place was unique, and sub-sectioned to about three or four different mini-lobbies of some sort.  It's cozy and inviting in most of them, but you better like your fellow man if the picnic benches are the last place to sit.. . I went for just coffee, so I didn't experience the food, although lots of people attest to it being really good.  As far as coffee was concerned, out of the five, I guess local coffee joints I hit up in Phoenix, Lux probably had the best coffee of them all.  The staff were all friendly and pleasant peoples, and they mowed through the lines of people efficiently and with smiles on their face.  It's a truly good atmosphere there, and despite the pretty hipster crowd, the air of smug arrogance isn't as prevalent from those who lounge there.. . Phoenix as a whole has a lot of great food joints and coffee shops.  Lux easily ranks up there with them, and I'd visit again if/when my travels bring me back out to Arizona.
Anyone who knows me understands that about 97% of my time in Phoenix was spent at Lux. Fantastic atmosphere, friendly regulars and staff, overall one of the best coffee shops I've ever visited.. . Right next to the lightrail and in a newly renovated  (and might I add: very nice) spot, Lux is usually extremely busy, but I've never had a problem finding a nice spot to sit. Great location for an exceptional cup of coffee and a chance to make a billion friends.
Love the pastries, miss the old Lux, but I understand wanting a bigger space.
As a new-comer to Phoenix, two months into my stay I finally made my way here to meet a friend... I wished I had found it the day I moved to Arizona. Great ambiance; fun, adventurous and tasty food (I mean whoever thought of putting jalapenos in mac-n-cheese).  The "Yorkshire Pudding Burger" was awesome.  If I'm ever back In Phoenix, I'm planning on using this as a meeting place for a reunion with friends.
This place rocks. Super casual, hipster, friendly, comfortable, stylish, all without being snobby. Most unique coffeehouse/cafe ever.
Wow! Great coffee, Great Ambiance. Coming from Seattle, I always wanted for find a good coffeehouse in Phoenix and this one is the best  I have found so far! It was busy but the coffee made was perfect, the lattes are fantastic. How cool is that they have old fashioned typewriters! . IT's easy to get to and lots of parking. The food was a little bit on the pricier side but really yummy. Will definitely be a go to place! They also serve freshly made cocktails , got to try those one of these days.
I am In Love with Lux. . . They have everything I have ever wanted in a coffee shop. Good coffee, great homemade pastries and food, desks to study, comfy chairs to relax in, open and airy atmosphere, friendly employees, clean bathrooms, indoor and outdoor seating, spacious parking lot, great music playing and a huge tv with sports. Holy crap, that pretty much satisfies everyone. . . AND they serve booze! I mean, jeez. How can you not love it here?. . Ps, it's a great place for a first date.
I die!. . I am so excited to have this gem of a place here in Phoenix.  From the eclectic vibe, fresh food choices, and delicious chai tea lattes, this place is my favorite wind down spot.  Love the extended hours and it makes a great late night hang out spot, when almost everything in Phoenix is closed.. . I had the special mac and cheese smothered with cheese, jalapenos and slices of crispy bacon.  delicious!
I am amazed at the new Lux, which will more than likely cometo be my favorite hangout. I went there with a couple of friends last night, and we plan on going back every Sunday night! What I love.... . - Huge space, with numerous rooms - yet it still manages to maintain a cozy atmosphere.  Feels like you're hanging out at some cool friend's house. . . -They play Etta James! . . - Excellent chai. Excellent coffe. And the enormous cups & saucers are fun.. . - Sublime dessert... mmm! I love their protein bar - I can't even finish the whole thing.. . - Creative, fun decor.. . - They serve dinner (braised escarole! OMG!). . . - Ample seating - various table/chair/sofa configurations.. . - Not your "Average Joe", run-of-the-mill customers. Good place for people-watching (which, as an ex-NYer, I miss very much). Chummy atmosphere; a charming, older couple sitting next to us, for example, were raving about their dinner, and one of them insisted that my friend try a bite of her pork loin. Easy to talk to strangers here.. . - A positive, uplifting vibe.
I've been going to Lux for years.  It's always been #1.  It is terrrribly, painfully hip, but somehow it isn't uncomfortable there, and there really isn't a snide vibe that I have detected in my billion visits (oh and I would have).  I stopped going for a while prior to the big move because it was constantly packed, with lines out the door and internet speed that was reminiscent of mid-90s dial-up.  I rediscovered how much I liked making french-pressed coffee at home.. . I've been around, coffee-wise, and Lux is always the best.  In fact, I'm so used to Lux, that when I get a crappy drink somewhere else, I assume that something out of the ordinary has happened, because it is so bad.  Repeat visits to offending spots (Lola, Lucy's) has confirmed that, no, they didn't make a mistake - they just suck.  Also, Lux's whipped cream is TO DIE.  I don't even like whipped cream, but you should see what happens when they forget to add it.
Hands down the hippest coffee shop in Phoenix. With the recent expansion - it's HUGE now - there's tons of space to spread out, read the paper, work on your laptop, or simply enjoying amazing coffee, teas, cocktails and food with friends. I spend a lot of time here during the day and it's got everything right. Always great music, fast wi-fi, I love the $2 hibiscus iced tea, the pastries and now the drinks! It's a wonderful urban feel and such a breath of fresh air for the Valley.
I had been to Lux a few times when they were located right next to Pena Bianco.  Had to see the new place just a building over but a whole lot more space.  The scene is great, plenty of seating inside and out.  The breakfast kieshes are deliscious and the menu is always changing.  Great coffee or if your into Smoothies they have them too.  Also if you wanted to come back later in the day they have a full bar in the back corner!  Its hard to beat Lux!
The best feature about Lux is the ambiance, 'feels like home".  On my first visit to Lux I had a Velvet, I drank that one and ordered one to go!!!!  Been drinking them ever since.  The baked goods are amazing.  I have never had a meal that I did not enjoy!!!
The best coffee cafe I've ever been to, ever.  I love this place.  The decor and ambiance is top notch.  The food is good and breakfast comes out quickly.  All the different areas are unique and one has a projection screen.  Fresh squeezed juice is a nice touch.  Serves alcohol.  I could go on and on and on but I'd give Lux six stars if I could; and this is saying a lot considering that I have an east coast bias.  Lux would kick the ass of any of the hipster coffee shops in Manhattan or Williamsburg any day.
Another gem in this concrete desert-within-a-desert. Trumps Lola on seating/chilling space, although the coffee is not clearly better (or worse). . . P.S. (to the management): I'm not sure that the coffee bar is the best place for having emotionally charged job-performance conversations with your employees. Not that it really bothered me personally, I just felt bad for the dude getting called out in public.
I LOVE LUX! I spend every weekend drinking the weirdest, but most amazing, drink combination in the world--a caffe latte and a bloody mary. Jake makes THE BEST bloody marys I've ever had. Exceptional service, food/drink/coffee quality, price and atmosphere. I couldn't ask for more from the coffee shop down the street from my apt. It's my home away from home--I don't know where I would spend my weekend mornings (which always end up turning into the evening!) w/o lux!. . And I used to HATE bloody marys!!!!! Bacon as a garnish?? Pure genius. You get nothing but the best from Lux EVERY time. Everyone I take there is blown away. It's just a pure gem.
WOW.  That's all that I can say.  I've never been here before despite living reasonably close, and when a friend suggested it I jumped at the chance to try it after the reviews on here.  . . I'll be honest and say that I'm not a huge coffee person....well, I am huge (tall), but I stick to energy drinks for the most part (less scarring of my tongue from boiling hot temperatures).. . I had a black and white latte here and it was ridiculously delicious.. . I'll definitely be back!
I had tried several times to patronize Lux but the decibel level always exceeded my tolerance.  I had written it off for just being too loud, until I had a meeting there the other day.  The new, improved, Lux on Steroids is wonderful, with enough nooks, crannies, and side rooms to allow you to adjust the volume to your eardrums' delight.. . I am definitely returning, and since this last time was way too early for an adult beverage, am scheduling my visit so that I can try an adult beverage using those homemade sweet preserved lemons the bartender was telling me about...and that will be very soon!
A fantastic spot to land on a night when you can't seem to focus on getting that assignment done. Lots of little places to hide and be productive... with a great soundtrack to go along with it. I don't know, this place just makes me happy :)Thank you always being my late night study buddy - Love you, Lux xoxoxo
I LOVE Lux. I know- parking can sometimes be a bear, it's usually pretty crowded, and the ordering line can be somewhat chaotic. But I just LOVE it! The coffee is the best in Phoenix, food is great, atmosphere is artsy and energizing, the new building has tons of room to do work or sit down with a friend... I bring all my out of towners here and they always love it. I brought my Italian cousin to Lux during his first trip to America (he was doing a cross-country road trip and Phoenix was the last stop). He said that it was the best cafe in America and wanted to replicate it in Italy. Lux, I love you. Don't ever leave. Ever.
This place is ultra cool. Mis-matched mid century modern furniture. Brick walls, exposed unfinished ceiling ( you see air ducts and stuff) and lots of art.. . Great people watching place as you have students, professionals, artist, all ages, all ethnicities come together in this hipster joint.. . Coffee is great, the dutch pancake that they serve on weekends - AMAZING. . . I don't believe they have an obvious sign in front so just look for the building next to Pane Bianco.. . Oh and this place converts into a bar at night.  Moscow Mules in copper cups anyone ?
If I was a local, this would be my spot. We sat out on the patio next door with our caps and could not have been happier!
I am still giving this place 5 stars, as they absolutely deserve it. However, my one beef is that, while the music is great, it's just too loud for getting work done. Trying to listen to my own music via headphones doesn't work at all, unless I crank it LOUD (which is hardly conducive to getting work done either).. .  Please Lux, can you tone it down a little? At least during working hours?
This is one of the best places in the US. Seriously- they have the best everything- try the iced coffee just to start! Their breakfast is amazing too. The lines that form for this place look like the iPhone 4 release at an Apple store- but the employees always keep their cool.
We were visiting Phoenix and found Lux on Yelp, and we were glad we did. Traveling with two kids isn't always easy, but Lux had many wonderful and tasty choices for all of us. The service was wonderful even though they were crowded both days we went. . During both visits we had: coffee, hot chocolate, and fresh squeezed o.j. all were very tasty. As for food, butter croissant, cheese croissant, chocolate croissant ( see a pattern here?), coffee cake, quiche, savory Dutch pancake (amazing!), and biscuits with gravy. Each item was perfect, exactly as it should be.. Cannot recommend Lux enough.
Wow! My favorite people took me here knowing I would love it! Hey- this place has the ambience of Seattle. And the coffee to rival It. So when I am homesick.... This is the place! Lux ROCKS!
Seriously? The person that runs this place is genius. I must find a way to copy your entire idea and move it to a beach for myself. I thought I walked into my own dream when I came in here. I haven't been to Lux in about 1.5 years and since then it has moved into the building next to the old one, tripled in size and is the most delicious, eclectic coffee experience I could ask for. Looking for fresh hand roasted coffee on site, check! Fresh made unique pastries, check! Fresh, gourmet-like food, check! Handmade from fresh (and I mean FRESH squeezed juice) mimosas, check! I can go on....I could not ask for a better place to be a part of my life. Thank you heaven for waiting for me to find you.
This is one super cool cafe/lounge.  They serve coffee, cocktails, and some quick bites that can go along great with your drinks.  There are several rooms you can choose from to sit and relax.  Art decor surrounds this stylish joint and just had a great time here sipping on coffee and chatting with a friend who recommended this coffee shop to me.  I noticed a younger adult crowd here but it doesn't matter.  Wi-Fi friendly, too!
Lux. You rock! My friend Michael describes Lux as being "an experience". Here is the skinny, it is the coolest coffee shop I have ever been to, so I would say that Lux is an excellent experience!  It was almost a week ago that my friend Jess took me to Lux and I am still geeking out over it.  . I loved my coffee, my berry cornmeal muffin, the chocolate chip cookie (with salt on top) that my neighbor let me try, the drink selection, the ambiance, the DJ in the corner playing the cool music, etc. etc. . Groovy things about Lux--  You will love it the minute you walk in. I don't believe in love at first sight... but love at first entrance to Lux?  It happened.  They roast amazing coffees. So a good old- fashioned cup of coffee tastes Delicious. How much is that big beautiful cafe going to cost you?  $2. Are there free refills?  YES!  That is off the rocker cool!!  I have a local favorite coffee shop in Tucson and are my refills free?  Nope. The selection of quality coffee drinks and breakfast treats is still on my mind.  I also am thrilled that they offer soy milk, almond milk and organic milk.  Almond milk is my milk of choice. I wish every coffee shop had almond milk.  I'm so over soy.  So if I was to have an iced chai at Lux, I could pay an extra .50 and have my almond milk.. Next time I am at Lux, which will be on my next Phoenix trip... I am having one of those iced mochas that I saw so many peeps drinking.  They put a dollop of cream in the mochas... I can't wait to have my own!  Cannot get over how rad Lux is!
I really enjoyed Lux before they moved into their new space, but I REALLY LOVE it now that they have moved. There is more space to study, meet a friend for coffee or just grab a seat to catch up on reading. The ambiance is great and I really love that there are a variety of places to sit. I usually grab a lemonade or an Americano. The lemonade is tart and fresh, but with one packet of sugar... it is PERFECT. The Americanos are strong and taste delicious. I have been coming here to study lately and there is a room in the back that is usually on the more quiet side. This place also has the best tasting vegan cinnamon sugar donut that I have ever had! True, I have never had a vegan donut before, but this one is fab. . . If you are looking to have an adult beverage, they have that too and third Thursdays seem to be more of a social crowd.
I went to this place for 3 days straight while I was in town a couple of months ago, and this has to be one of the best coffeehouses I've ever been to for sitting down and getting work done. There was plenty of room, both couch-style and worktable-style. Their kitchen was completely in the open, and they made a great strawberry salad with cheese and they had fresh quiche everyday. Lastly the music was perfect enough that there were tracks I recognized and some I didn't. I'm looking forward to spending some hours here next time I visit Phoenix.
I just love Lux. It is one of those places that is an iconoclastic phoenix gem. The wonderful teas, coffees, yummy eats, fabulous music and eclectic crowd make it this the best spot in town. I do wish they did a few more gluten free treats :)
I went to high school in the semi-neighborhood in the late 90s (damn, when did I get old?), and if my memory serves me correctly, Lux was actually open then. It was very hip, actually too hip for me, as I found the servers and the atmosphere very cold and unwelcoming...maybe even mean. Well, a lot of time passed, Lux changed buildings I think, and I was hearing great things about it from Claire F, who still lives in Phoenix. So ~12 years later, I gave it another try, and this time, it totally wowed me. . . It's still hip. Like super hip. But this time, everyone is friendly enough to make you feel really welcome. The furniture and decor are really eclectic and thrift-store cool. The crowd is pretty varied - on a Saturday night there were a few people too young to sit at the bar, mostly 25-35s, and a few 50+ sitting eating or reading or working on their laptops.. . My favorite part of Lux is that it has a little section devoted to everything: a to-go counter for the bakery items; a more 'restaurant-y' area with bigger tables for ordering off the full dinner menu which varies nightly; a bar area where you can sit at the bar and converse with the bartenders or at smaller cocktail tables; a back room where you can watch a movie or chat; and a quiet room which has no music so you can utilize the free wifi.. . We didn't eat dinner, but the menu looked interesting - the special that night was some kind of steak with veggies. We did have desserts (awesome, especially the salted chocolate chip cookie) and drinks (excellent beer list, and 'collaborative' cocktails. Seriously, you just talk to the bartender about what you like).. . To top it all off, the walls are filled with the work of local artists, they have a big patio on Central (near the light rail!) and it's located next to Pane Bianco.. . If you think you're not cool enough to hang out here, you're not. But they won't hold it against you.
You'll think you're in Silver Lake, not Phoenix.  Everything about it is cool - the DJ was so good I got his card - and the vibe was just perfect for a Sunday morning.  People chillin' here and there, keeping to themselves mostly, just the way it should be.  And I didn't even get to the food:  you must order the pancake thingy.  An A+ find.
I can't even begin to tell you all how addicted to LUX I am. I wish I lived closer BUT I'm also glad I don't because if I did, I'd be there everyday and eventually I'd go bankrupt. Yes, death to checking account by LUX. My next novel.... . The service is always super and the interior is absolutely beautiful. I like beautiful things. I've taken many photos here over our visits (4 times in less than 2 weeks) and posted them via my blog and anywhere else I can show off my delicious brunching events.  Even when they are super slammed busy on a sat or sun morning they have a routine down to where your wait in line is never awful, we somehow always find somewhere to sit (even with a party of four), and the food/drink is out super quick. . . That being said, just because the food is delivered quickly doesn't mean its sub-par. It's ANYTHING but that. Every time my man and I go we order the Veggie Egg  Bake, which is different every weekend, and the steel cut oatmeal. The Veggie Egg Bake is the perfect savory meal to accompany our sweet oatmeal! I seriously have dreams about our trips there. We always order iced soy lattes and add a fun touch with a colorful straw.. . You need to go here.
I need to stop going here so much, but it's hard to stay away.
Free WiFi and the best coffee in town -what more can you ask for. How about awesome music, cool vibes and delicious food. I had an egg sammy the other day that was to die for. . . Their pastries are wonderful, always fresh and delicious and the bartenders try and hip us to what mixology is all about. . . From old school hippies to modern hipsters the people watching here can't be beat. . . This is my favorite spot in Cen-Pho day or night to grab a drink and escape the heat.
I used to be hater. . . I admit it. The skinny jean wearing, mac using vibe used to irk me in ways that I thought only a mosquito could. I would drop in, get every drink to-go and get the heck out of there as quickly as possible. Loud music, fauxhawks, etc... . . SIGH. . . Oh Lux. You're new space is sublime. There is enough space where I can find a cozy corner, turn on my work laptop, drink coffee, have the 2 egg breakfast with tomato and veggie hash (I opt for the tomatoes instead of bacon. AND. I love bacon, so i think that's saying something about how stinkin' good those tomatoes are).... Where was I? Oh yes, have my work computer on... so Office Communicator is running... ;) ... and I can enjoy breakfast (which frequently turns into brunch) and read the paper, a magazine, a book, make travel plans, etc. . . LOVE it. . . Also for you futbol fans (that's soccer to you english speaking folks), they will happily play your Barcelona should-be champions, on the big screen in the back room- all you gotta do is ask. . . ***Speakeasy bar area. The mixologist takes some serious time and consideration for each adult beverage I've ever had there or seen him make. Delicious bloody mary's, GREAT beer selection (New Beligum Cocoa Mole!), etc. etc. etc. . . I feel that I can't run out of good things to say about this place. If you were a hater like I was, go back and try it again. You'll find the new vibe is much more welcoming... OR maybe I've adapted :)
Lux has always meant a most excellent experience. Jumping from pure coffee shop to a space with the same 'flavor' that is also hang out comfy with food was done well. If you haven't been there once or twice you really should go. My favorites are the egg breakfast after soccer in the winter and dinner whenever, just because. People watching is always in season. My thanks go to the entire crew. Well done. See you soon.
One of my favorite hangouts in Phoenix and great coffee. It's a bit strong. Their made in house whip cream is unreal. Huge tea selection and their breakfast foods are yums. Open late, huge space, awesome vibe, friendly employees.
The pancakes are amazing. Iced soy coffee and the sweet berry pancake is my new favorite breakfast! (See pics).
Lux is a great place for coffee, bakery items, bites, and even cocktails if the occasion permits. The people are friendly, and it has a great atmosphere.. . I love coming here in the afternoon for a cup of their Americano, which is pretty damn top-notch. As I don't live in AZ, if I'm going to be away for an extended period of time, I'm always sure to take a bag of their freshly-roasted coffee beans from wherever with me.. . I was there last week on a Sunday afternoon having some darn good mimosas with a friend, and it wasn't too crowded.. . The only downside I've experienced is it can be a bit confusing where to order for food and cocktails during the day.. . If you go for the first time, don't be shy. Grab a cup of coffee and explore. As one of the earlier reviewers mentioned, you might get looks walking in like you shouldn't be there. Maybe it's your hair. Maybe you're displaying something that's not eco-friendly. Whatever, dude. Be brave, press on. It's worth it.
Ah, Lux. I can't say enough good things about this place. . . - best espresso/coffee. ever. and still (a bit) cheaper than starbucks.. - homemade whipped cream that will BLOW YOUR MIND.. - yummy baked goods. many vegan choices if that's your thang.. - wonderful bar with quality alcohol.. - wifi. - both indoor & outdoor seating. - friendly (and very attractive) employees. . Lux has been fulfilling my caffeine needs for a long, long time now and I love it more each time I visit. The decor is amazing. A marriage of Anthropologie and DIY modern homestyle. In fact, I'd live here if I could.. . I haven't actually been for dinner... I've seen the portion sizes and I can't bring myself to spend that much money for so little food (and there's a lack of vegetarian options sometimes -- I prefer more than just salad) but if I felt like treating myself or went for date night I'd happily give my money to this establishment. . . Perfect for a study session. Perfect for catching up with friends. Perfect for a casual date. And it's also a great place to take visitors from out of town - true AZ local experience located in the heart of the city.
Went here for a friends birthday! It was pretty casual and a really cool place. They have awesome Jalapeno and Bacon Mac & Cheese! Their lattes were really great too!
There is nothing at Lux that you will not enjoy. I've had one of the best steaks of my life there at dinner and the baked treats are some of the best I've ever had. Everything is homemade and the sweets aren't too sweet which is why I love them!. . The atmosphere is very hip and laid back with lots of rooms with tables making this a great place to get some work done. Just be prepared for a crowd! This place is THAT good!
have jake create you a drink at the bar. i promise you won't regret it.
Have been Lux several times now and each time our experience has been consistently the same....fantastic!!!  Their chai latte and coffee are great.  Their baked goods are tasty.  The service is friendly and energetic.  The only downside...lots of others apparently think the same SO it's crowded.  Expect to wait during peak times and it is crowded!
Could this place be anymore fantastic!? . . They have better coffee than any coffee bar I have been to..including *GASP*...STARBUCKS!!! . . They have alcohal and food. Their drinks are made perfectly! I love being able to enjoy a drink while studying. Their food is great too! I LOVE their mac and cheese! its only $5 but tastes like a million bucks! . . Im kinda obsessed with this place, i go here about 3 to 4 times a week.. . p.s. they are the only place I been to besides an organic farmers market that carries KOMBUCHA with the seeds!. . . long story, short: GO TO LUX!
Ahhh, the aroma of coffee and house-roasted bean. Iced coffee. Lattess. Pastries. Breakfast sandwiches. Yum. . . I wished this place was in the Bay Area. Seriously, there are amazing coffee places (Philz, Blue Bottle, Catahoula, Farleys), but the pastries and baked good there are lacking. Then there are great, awesome, wonderful bakeries (La Farine, Tartine), with meaty-oger coffee. . . This place is wonderful and derserves 5-stars because they have the AMAZING coffee with house-roasted beans AND AMAZING pastries and sweet treats. There is also other 'real' dinner type food and wine, but alas, I didn't have the time on my short trip to try those menu items. If I take another trip out to Phoenix, this will be one of my first stops.
Espressos and cocktails. For the win how about that? Jeff is a gentleman and a scholar and has created something that Phoenix needs more of: a stylish place for hanging out and being creative. There is a hipster vibe but it's not clicky. Be comfortable with who you are and be ready to interact with other people and you will have a great time here. Wifi is good and if it seems slow try one of the other two access points. I hope to one day get the password to the internal network. Rumor has it that Jeff knows the google fibre guys and is secretly testing it out for the Phoenix area. . . Finally if you see a hairy guy having a blast with his wife and the bartender buy him a drink. It's the desert by the way. Hydration is important.
This place is truly unique, and deserves 5 stars.  I too am now obsessed with this place!  The atmosphere is like no other you will find in a Phoenix coffee bar, people will actually interact and talk with each other, read, study, work, talk, watch television. It reminds me of being in someone's cozy living room.  I absolutely recommend this place!!!
I hit this place once or twice a week. Food and drinks are amazing. Cool place to just chill.
My favorite coffee place around!  It can get packed, but thankfully there are about 75 places to sit!  Lux is a great loungy atmosphere for sitting around with friends, reading a book, or having a drink drink, that's right, a drink drink!  These guys even have their alcohol serving license for those out there looking for a morning cocktail before work!!  jk  Wait until the evening at least folks!
This is the nicest coffe shop you'll ever find anywhere. It just feels you're chilling out at an artist's house.
Got the coffee at Gallo Blanco.  Liked it.  They said the coffee was from Lux.. . We then went to Lux and got 3 bags of beans to take back with us.. . The end.
I love everything about this place. I feel more at home here than I do at my own place. The breakfast is good, the music's great, the coffee is amyaaaazing and I love the little hearts/hippie flowers they make with the milk. There seems to be a lot of regulars which helps to make Phoenix feel more like a small town community. There is no reason not to check out LUX!
Lux is the bomb, plain and simple.. . Amazing coffee (both drinks and beans). (My 3 favorites- Cartel, Stumptown and Lux.). . Delicious food and pastries. . . Fun, stylish and comfy atmosphere. . . My family and I are frequent Lux-goers and love it just the same, every visit.
I have to update my review. After moving downtown, Lux has become my new favorite coffee shop, breakfast spot, dessert spot and dinner spot. This place is ridiculously good. Their coffee is on spot and consistent throughout the day. Their egg sandwich is inexpensive (5$), yet super high quality. They actually make their food in *gasp* pans! No microwaves here. The egg sandwich is an over medium egg on an english muffin with cheese, bacon, and a roasted tomato. So good. Now, as good as that is, the biscuits and gravy are even better. This is what the BF gets for breakfast and what I eat off his plate when he's not looking :-P. The gravy has chunks of delicious sausage (and I don't generally care for sausage). The gravy is very well seasoned and full of flavor. Then, this week, we went to Lux for dinner. We had the bacon/jalapeno mac and cheese and the yorkshire pudding burger. The mac and cheese was creamy, spicy, salty and delicious. The burger was a knife and fork burger that had very flavorful meat (almost meatloaf ish) and a really good horseradish -y sauce. Finally, their desserts....I crave their desserts, especially their peanut butter brownie. That brownie is so awesome because it has the saltyness of the peanut butter and a rich and sweet chocolate flavor of the brownie....it's like magic. Brownies are never my first choice for a dessert....except here. This place continues to impress me and I will continue to frequent Lux at all hours of the day...
Very Uniquely Great!!! . Very calming and friendly, I had the vanilla latte, and oh boy was that good!! Fully bold and perfect body!!! I loved the foamy top and the nice leafy design to it!! A Must try!!
I love lux! This place has all the things you need... Wifi, coffee, food and a bar. I have to say, theircoffee is not the best I've ever had... but I give five stars because all the bartenders and fantastic and the drinks are simply fabulous. When you order a drink, it's not generic. A good amount of time and effort is put in... fresh ingredients.. drink don't just take a minute.. its a process! and well worth it. Can't think of enough good things to say!!
There aren't many of us out there, but I'm Luxy enough for this to be my neighborhood coffee stop.. . Now don't go telling people my dirty little secret; but truthfully, coffee isn't really my 'cup of tea'. You know what is my cup of tea? Tea! and Earl Grey takes top billing. Earl really knows his tea, and Lux has that too. With a few minute walk, bike, or scooter ride from my front door to Lux, the wife and I like making this a frequent stop for a hot beverage or cold, people watching, dessert, or snack outing. . . While here, I wouldn't be surprised to see one of the top billed Yelping regulars, out of town coffee pilgrims, or Juan Valdez himself. I'm told by my buddies and my girl the coffee here is just that good.. . Lux has a menu of fresh baked pastries, goodies, and other breakfasty items, like eggs, veggies, and bacon. There's also a full bar back there for those of you who venture past the coffee and pastry line. Careful though, 'cause Lux can get packed during morning, lunch and evening hours with most of the prime spots filled up already by gaggles of laptopians doing a work from "home" type of thing.. . Now I've not personally worked from a coffee shop before, but I sometimes wonder how much 'work' is actually getting done. Maybe people just claim to work and are really just hanging out for the uber cool ambiance or the free wifi. I think Mr. Valdez did have is iPhone out the other day trying to connect up to the Yelp app. . . The walls here are spotted with local artistry that is on a seemingly endless rotation. Come back in a week or so and you might find something new hanging up there. If your a light rail fan, pop off at Campbell and Central and stop on in!. . Happy Yelping Phoenix! It's time for today's caffeine fix.
What a genius idea - half coffee shop / half bar! Nice place - fast, friendly service  - fancy looking cocktails (haven't tried yet) - coffee is organic and tasty.
I think the experience has hugely improved since they expanded. Staff are much more friendly and helpful, too.
After wanting to try Lux forever, I finally stopped in on a perfect Arizona Sunday Morning.  I like the set up as they have a table, covered with pastries and employees waiting to take your order.  Everyone was friendly and service was quick.  . . Previous reviews talk about how urban, trendy, hipster this place is.  While that might be true, I found Lux to be confortable and friendly.
Finally, a cup of coffee in Phoenix that IS FANTASTIC. SOO FANTASTIC. I'm thrilled! I've been trying to find something comparable to the best in SF, and almost gave up.. but thank you, Lux! Woot.
Amazing coffee and awesome baked pastries.  But it did not start off that way they really messed up my order and I never got my food but management took care of me and provided me with a gift card that I never asked for but appreciated it. Staff was professional and friendly it had a real nice cozy comfy feeling the art on the wall, the large flat screen with plenty of seating space and even a private spot for the Internet junkies. I highly recommend this spot daily at least I will be back.
Whyyyy did I come here on a Monday? Well, it was *supposed* to be to study so I can kick ass at finals... that didn't happen.. . I drank way too much of their delicious coffee... and the fabulous bartender convinced me to add Baileys - bad idea.. . So, study session goes out the window. Music + drinks =  a social gathering with fellow lushes, such as myself... and now I'm posting tipsy Yelp reviews. Thanks Lux Cafe!
Nice little coffee shop right here on Central. It has been here quite a while now.. It has everything you could want in a Coffee Shop. Great coffe, really good Tea. Nice things to eat. They even serve alclohol.. With the weather being so nice outside it is really nice to sit on Central and watch the cars go by. . If you have never been here it is nice to stop in every once and a while.. Nice place to pass some time!
So in love with Lux! Trendy doesn't quit cover it. People watching is priceless. Chill environment. Great, food coffee and wine. Mac and cheese with jalapenos and bacon is unreal! Sport (football, basketball, ect...) in the back room on a huge screen entertains my son and boyfriend so I can get some chill time in. Staff is so friendly and personable. Thoroughly impressed!
It is pretty cool that I have a awesome coffee shop right by my house.  Iwas so happy that my friend brought me here.  The price is right and it is way better then Starbucks. :)  They have a great variety of coffee and teas.   Wish I could give them 10 star rating.
I only wish there were more coffee shops like this in the valley. Lux epitomizes perfection from its fresh roasted coffee to its baked goods. The staff is always friendly and accommodating and there is plenty of room to sit and mingle, unlike the previous location where the space was becoming scarce.. . Despite the distance and time it takes me to drive there, Lux is well worth it as it truly set the bar very high for its wonderful and tasty goodies.. . They occasionally make a pistachio chocolate chip cookie that is to die for....I just never now which day they make it. Bummer!
Here's the thing ... their coffee is so good, pretty much nothing can scare me away. I've literally spent all day here working on my computer. The environment is perfect for my creativity, but I do not have ADD. Probably not the best environment for the easily distracted. . . The perfect lunch combo is a tomato, mozzarella, and basil sandwich from Pane Bianco, and a black and white mocha from Lux for dessert. Do it now and sit outside at the picnic tables between the two.
Tried this place out for drinks and dinner. My Moscow Mule came in its own Moscow Mule cup! It was super delicious and hard to resist a second one, so I didn't! . . Dinner menu isn't extensive however the burger I ordered (minus onions) was unbelievably awesome. It bursted with flavor and made it difficult to resist a second one, which this time I did resist :) . . Our servers were very gracious and accommodating. . . I purchased a blonde brownie on the way out. It was pretty tasty but would have been better  if I had waited til I got home to eat it. I needed a glass of milk and it needed about 20 seconds in the micro!
Great atmosphere. I love the (fairly) new expansion and bar area. The cocktails are some of the finest you'll get in Phoenix. If you're looking for a good drink, try a Modern Fashioned or a Kindness Yvette. Or just tell the bartender what your favorite liquor is and they'll mix you up something great.
Regularly visit, morning and night! Check out this Post!. . http://stephangcalizona.wordpress.com/2013/01/06/lux/
I am not a Coffee guy, neither am I a cafe guy and oh, this aint the Grand Lux cafe! With that cleared up, lets talk about LuX. . . It is my most favorite cafe in PHX. and it has nothing to do with the coffee, in fact I never even had a single coffee here, but its for the plain simple fact that they have "The best Bloddy Mary I ever had". That is simply enough to give a 5/5 for this place, but wait it doesnt end there. What about the ambiance of the place and the setting of a cool-retro-urban-sports-new age-vegan style, that should count for more, right? oh and the food, that's something you cant just push around either. Seem to have a lot of vegan food these days? I had eggs with some tomatoes and veg hash, thats right try the veg hash, its just some good ol' hash with the veggies. My buddy had the dutch pancake, interesting. (check the pics). . . All said n done, I am going back for some Bloddy mary, in case i forgot, its the best bloddy mary ever. Peace
To be honest, I was quite surprised to find an establishment like this in Phoenix! Mainly because I didn't know hipsters existed in Arizona! I walked in and thought "Wait...am I in Phoenix or Silverlake (LA)!!!" . . My friend who is visiting for a rotation told me he goes here to study for his boards. Love the decor, vibe, but most importantly, the food!. . My friend had the yogurt and granola, I had a strawberry thumbprint cookie, and we each got vanilla lattes. Coffee here is smooth, not bitter, and they top it off with a design in the foam! Lovin' it! . . This place is HUGE even though it doesn't look that way from the outside. Plenty of places to sit with your Macbook or a novel and Free Wifi.  I went on a weekend so it was packed, like line-out-the-door packed, but I still didn't have to wait too long to find a place to sit and study. . . It's about a 25 minute drive from Glendale so I will definitely be back. Very reasonably priced (if you can afford Starbucks then you can afford this...plus you get WAYYYY better quality). Parking is easy as they have a lot and plenty of street parking. Oooh and I forgot to mention Pane Bianco is right next door with delicious sandwiches, soups, and desserts so you should check it out!
Great Chai lattes and great atmosphere. They have a menu as well as decadent pastries. They have tables in the front with outlets so you can study and plug your laptops in. There's also a back room if the music is too loud, but it's dimly lit. And there's a projector with a couch in the back as well and it's usually displaying football or basketball (depending on the sports season). One of my favorite coffee shops and it's next to Pane Bianco if you want pizza or sandwiches.
I hadn't been to Lux since they expanded. I have always loved the coffee and the pastries but my favorite has always been the quiche. I went in today in the afternoon and was very pleasantly surprised that the atmosphere hasn't changed, it just has so much more room.  I didn't get a chance to try food today but was very happy with my soy latte with the beautiful art in the foam.
Fabulous food!! I too am not a coffee drinker,  and I come for the real food. They serve fresh, tasty, imaginative salads, and wonderful soups. I've recently been here twice and had the spaghetti squash entree cooked in two different ways, both incredibly delicious. I dined with someone who ordered a fantastic steak, really tasty.They have a large selection of wonderful pastries.. . They actually provide service after one has transacted their purchase at the counter. We felt like there was wait staff, and because tips have already been placed in the jar or added to a credit/debit card, these people aren't  just hoping for a bigger tip.. . The ambiance is pretty close to perfection. Patrons working at a table make room for others, background music is nice, not annoying, the dinnerware is beautiful. (I just dined off of a plate from Anthropologie.) Close to museums, near the light rail ... My favorite place for any meal or beverage in Phoenix.
Lux is my lover. This is one of the few places I've found that really helps me get into the "zone" come crunch time, which is surprising considering all of the people watching, tasty dining (bacon jalapeno macaroni please!) and delightful tunes it offers its visitors.. . Yes it gets crowded, but I've never not been able to find a seat, as there are plenty to be had inside and out. The ambiance is amazing and might almost make you forget where you are from time to time. I've literally spent an entire day here on more than one occasion without even realizing. I'll refrain from saying just how many times so as to avoid potentially being charged rent, but the answer is a lot. It's that cozy.. . Come here if you want to warm up with some chai, plug something in, absorb productivity juices, or just plain enjoy life. 'Tis a swell place.
It a hipster place for sure, but all types are welcome.  I think it is the best coffee in town and a great place's to hang out with friends.  And lets not kid ourselves, all the people on their computers are not working nor are they studying. . House music play on!
Just tried Lux for the first time today. Seriously! How did I not know about this place? I think I'm a little out of touch with the hipster crowd, so that's probably why. However, I am a creative type and really loved the atmosphere and crowd here. I sipped a carmel latte, which was good, but could have been hotter. I didn't eat anything, but the food looked and smelled incredible. My only little complaint was that the girl who rang up my coffee was lacking in the people skills arena. I mean, we get it, you're tatted up and you don't conform, but it's still a busines and I'm still a customer -- and I'm spending money. I would expect her to at least give the appearance that she likes working there. A smile or a little intro to this place would have been appreciated. I tipped her a buck too, which I would bet most of the hipsters don't do. That said, there are tons of seating options here, all arranged quite well. You can work independently, gather with friends to chat, meet with a client or even go on a date at Lux. You can also meet some really interesting people there if you hang out. Happy to have discovered this little gem of a place. I'll definitely return, and hopefully the grouchy chick will crack a smile this time.
Another little gem I will miss from Phoenix.  Words that describe this place: Cute, unique, retro, fresh, simply (menu's), and lively.  . . I have been to this place twice on two different visits, both times really packed.  I like this ambiance.  The coffee menu was simple and the coffee was individually made.  If you are looking for a spot to study or relax and people watch..this is the spot.  Otherwise, bring headphones, you'll still enjoy it minus the noise. :) Enjoy!. . Oh and btw..i ordered the Red Eye coffee with room for cream and hazelnut (their delicious coffee with two shots of espresso over ice!)
Amazing atmosphere and a great cup of joe.  The food is uniquely amazing and always get in and out in a timely manner.  Really is the best coffee shop in Phoenix.
In house roasted beans!!!  First time last Friday night.  The espresso is great!  I enjoy high end beans like illy etc.  This place is cozy as well. Get a beer or wine or food and hang out.  Next time i gotta buy a bag a beans and see how it taste in my home machine.... . Highly recommend!
YUM-O as Rachel Ray would say. How have all of these little places popped up in downtown Phoenix? Or...how have I not discovered them all until now?? I  LOVE this cafe. The service is fast, quick, and easy. The coffee...strong and sssmmoottthhh. This place is cozy and laid back. Radiohead was playing in the background. I had their veggie egg bake which was delicious though I wish they gave me more bread! It was so good. Brought home peanut butter cookies for my boyfriend and those were devoured right away. The atmosphere is great, decor is unique and has a slight hipster feel. They serve wine also which I found to be interesting. And the employees were friendly. Try this place out. I could really go for some of that coffee right about now. The baked goods in the window all looked decadent and they have a lot of vegan and vegetarian options. . . (tried a bite of a vegan doughnut that my friend had.....did not like. I guess I like my butter and eggs deep fried in oil. It was just not the same.)
Love the Lux!  . . This is my go-to place for: . -first or second dates  :-) . -hanging with friends socially. -studying/working with friends. -solo study/work time. . I'm not a coffee drinker, but I consume my fair share of tea and really love the wide selection of tea options found here.   They also have some tasty treats that will certainly satisfy your sweet tooth and are great to share with your sweetheart or friends! . . Great drinks/snacks, nice tables and comfy chairs, study rooms, couches, good music, a non-smoking patio (woo!!), a smoking patio (eww! but recognize some like this) this place has it all.   Plus, my favorite part of it all - it's downtown in the heart of Phoenix in a great building and easy distance to all the wonderful places to explore and things to do while you are downtown.  Love, love, love Lux!
I have a serious thing for hipster coffee houses so this review might be slightly biased. Inside Lux it's loud, busy, chaotic, and so wonderfully fragrant. The line is confusing, but just follow everyone else's lead and you'll figure it out in no time. I'm not usually a latte person, but I quite enjoy them at Lux. Maybe it's a psychological effect of the cute latte art. I love their hash with poached eggs, and I'm pretty sure there is crack in the bacon. You can sit inside or outside in front of Pane Bianco next door. . . Last time I was in there I ordered a latte and espresso cupcake and instead I received a latte and espresso. I told the barista of the error and she didn't even bat an eye - acknowledged the error and quickly got me a cupcake. No harm, no foul. I don't want baristas who are sugary sweet and ooze with typical fake customer service. I can get that at Starbucks (along with burnt coffee, but that's another review). We're adults here. Just do your job and when mistakes happen quickly fix it. So while other people may complain that the baristas are rude, I quite appreciate the honesty. . . Yes, there are tons of hipsters. But there's also tons of nerds, businessmen, cougars, and regular people like me. If you enjoy people-watching this is a great place to go.
Such a comfy spot. Barista are very welcoming and very talented. Baked goods are heaven.
This place rocks! The cappuccino I got was so damn good. Amazing. They played great music, too. Sea Wolf. I got the egg sandwich thingy, and it was super tasty. Seems like a basic thing to order, but it was so good. Will DEF go back again when we're in Phoenix.
Love this place! The artsy space, artsy people, great coffee and the best tea treats! Better for a sit down than a quick take out coffee though.
This place has been here for a long time now. It has a lot of reviews, it does not need another. But, I will just put my 2 cents in.. It is a lovely place right on Central. My daughter lives within walking distance to it.. So she is the one that had me go there first.. Breakfast ,lunch, and dinner ,coffee and even the drink!. I have to say my favorite is the Breakfast.. Nice little place to go, I do not like it when it is packed and too many people here..  . But, on off times it is better. Parking is limited.. Very worth a try. I really love downtown Phoenix, even though it is much different than most major cities. They are growing and developing ever so slowly.
No one has commented on the mixology part of Lux recently. Even though I wasn't wearing fake glasses, an asymmetric hair cut, nor had an apple laptop, I was given the best drink I've ever had. After a few questions about my 'liquor palate', the bartender spent nearlyfive minutes making a quad gin fizz and then some other thing that had fire as an ingredient. It was excellent and really fun!
This is my favorite cafe in Phoenix to study at...amazing coffee and delicious treats.  If I am going to eat lunch, I prefer next door at Pane Bianco.  And when I went on Sunday there was a live DJ.  Also so much space so you can choose noise level you desire and spread out your books and computer.  Reminds me of coffee shops in the northwest like Portland.
What a great cozy place.  Early morning to late evening you can find a little something to eat or drink.  It feels like you are in your grandmas house on a holiday with laughter people conversing and eating the day and night away.  It caters to singles and families alike with friendly owners frequenting their establishment often.  I have not been here yet where they are not busy, but the jam thru without skipping a beat with a smile on their face. I have been to several places in the surrounding area and as I walk to Lux I bypass a couple coffee shops that process 3 people slower and with lower quality products then Lux can with a 20 foot line out the door.
Came in here on a Sunday night trying to kill a little time. The 4 of us sat at the bar, and little did we know but we were in for a show. Jake is hands down the best bartender in phoenix. We sat and watched in amazement as he created his masterpieces with care. None of us had anything specific in mind, so all we had to tell him was the kind of liquor we like, he would make a recommendation, and then make it. I'm a whiskey drinker, so he made an excellent (insert name here-because there is no name for it yet) drink, that was definitely what I was looking for. highly recommend coming down here and asking for him!
Been going here for some time, I love it. I love the hours, the food, the drinks, the atmosphere. Recently I had a bad experience, but it turned good. I had ordered a salad that was originally advertised with ham and some cheese dressing, me being a vegan, it didn't work for me. So, I ordered the salad with olive oil and vinegar dressing minus the ham, the server told me it would be made vegan for me. After half way through my salad, I found a piece of ham on the bottom. Oh man I was bummed. But, I didn't make a big deal because you know what, mistakes happen and it's nobody's fault. The server asked me if I wanted a togo box but I said no because the piece of ham turned me off from wanting to take it home. He was so apologetic but I told him I understood because us humans are allowed to make mistakes, right? Accidents happen and thats okay. I got my card out to pay and he brought me the bill... for ZERO dollars. WOW!! I couldn't believe it. Usually it's always the people that bit_h that get free stuff and I thought it was so awesome they took care of my salad for me. I am beyond impressed, such wonderful customer service.
Very addicted.  This place has become a weekend staple breakfast spot for my wife and I.  We love trying their wide range of fresh bake pastries.  The dutch pancake is always a favorite too.
Great people, great service, great atmosphere and great food.
Lux is great. Set up with all the features than many-an-establishment might use to send off a douchey hipster vibe, Lux is as inviting as any other coffee shop I've visited. The staff is always friendly, the coffee is excellent, and, as an avid people watcher, it has a great atmosphere.. . Seating can get restrictive but, generally, they've utilized their space well so I can't fault them for their popularity. The only knock would be that the music is sometimes turned up a bit loud -- but if that's the worst it has going for it, then I guess it truly is...."as good as it gets [five stars]"
Such a comfy spot. Barista are very welcoming and very talented. Baked goods are heaven.
Love Lux! Fresh juice, coffee roasted on site, a variety of pastries made fresh daily. Urban scene, great music, cool art. Perfect for morning, afternoon and evening!. . Katie whips up some of the best pastries and lunches in town. And the Croissant's? Better than Balthazar in NYC. Seriously. I mean it. The Croissants are to die for, but they don't come out of the oven until after 6:30 AM. . . During the summer, what is better than Iced Coffee? Hmmm.. the way Lux makes it- every Iced coffee is an Iced Americano with an extra shot of espresso. Couldn't get better.
You won't find a better roast than Lux! With on-site roasting all of that precious flavor is locked into the bean and transferred directly to your cup. Great atmosphere and plenty of seating is also a bonus. Just writing this is making me want another cup!
Favorite place ever! Everything tastes good here!
Coffee is perfect, atmosphere is outstanding!
Thank you, Lux, just for existing! For 40 years, I was convinced that I didn't like oatmeal with apples and syrup until I tried yours.  About your delicious baked goods  and your feisty coffee (hurray for your black eye!), I never had an argument.  It is all the best start to a morning!
It's one of the best cup of coffee in Phoenix, if not the best.   Their coffee is always fresh and DELISH.  They have some very tasty baked goods as well.  Their lemon bars are fantastic, sweetness with a lot of tartness = yumfest!  . . Sure, they seem to be busy all of the time but there is always room for a few more people.  The layout at Lux is surprisingly more spacious than what most people think.  . . This is a great place to meet up with some friends over some fantastic coffee and some goo eats!  Looking forward to seeing you there!
My new favorite stop in Phoenix!  I love this place -- the iced mochas are spectacular... and so far, the pastries have all been amazing!  So nice to find a place like this here in Phoenix... it reminds of the Bucktown/Wicker Park neighborhoods in Chicago... my old stomping grounds!  Yay!!
I love this place! I either get the latte macchiato or an Italian soda.  Both are great.  One of the best coffees in town.
just go, mofo!
This is the coffee house to beat in Phoenix and Scottsdale.  The atmosphere and staff are friendly and hip!   I love the view of the staff preparing the amazing flavorful quiches and baked goods. It has the vibe of sitting in a family kitchen at home.  I buy a bag of Lux's fresh roasted coffee beans each week for my French press coffee. Te staff will grind the beans for you if necessary.  Restaurants like Lux are one of the many reasons I love living in central Phoenix!
Best tasting coffee in Phoenix and their homemade quiche, coffee cake, scones, ect....is all so yummy. I have been going their for years and just realized they have breakfast sandwiches, I can't wait to try one!
Waiting for family to land @ Sky Harbor ... great place to hang!
My first time in , from CA originally:) . They asked me what I like to drink, I told them I like cocktails and beer but felt like a cocktail ... I suggested Long Island , even though they don't make them they made there style of it and it turned out beautifully !!! , the atmosphere was cozy and Sheek!! The drink even came in a mason jar with a lemon and metal straw/stir spoon ;) delicious!!
Great,  Everything was superb.  Just go!!
This coffee place is great for many reasons; it has a great atmosphere for dates, hang outs, or even studying. Lux has delicious coffee and homemade whipped cream. I also enjoy how they have baked goods and a lunch and dinner menu. Super friendly staff with great customer service. I recommend their iced white mocha, soo good :)
My new favorite coffee spot in Phoenix!! Absolutely the best coffee and pastries to get your caffeine and sugar fix all-in-one!
Incredible food, whether you just grab a fresh-made scone, or order a full meal. Good coffee. It can get crowded, but it is a fun and eclectic atmosphere. I definitely try to bring out-of-town visitors to Lux to get a good feel for urban Phoenix culture.
As a coffee addict, I can say that I have tried them all and Lux is at the top of the totem pole for a good cup of joe in the Phoenix area. People come for the trendy atmosphere but they stay for the great coffee, delicious baked goods and many outlets if you're the 'work in a coffee shop' type! . . I've been there many times and that's saying a lot considering I don't live particularly close to the downtown area. I always say that no date night is complete without a visit- it's the type of place where you can plop down on one of their comfy couches, order endless shots of espresso and stay up all night talking. The staff is very friendly. In fact, I came in on a particularly busy night (weekends get crowded but I've never seen it like THIS) and a worker stopped and had a good ten minute conversation with me, just chatting. Sometimes, great customer service really does say it all. Also, remember those scrumptious baked goods that I mentioned? They are AMAZING. I tried their flourless chocolate cake and it absolutely knocked my socks off. One last suggestion? Hungry or not, try their mac and cheese, you won't regret it!
An awesome vibe and delicious drinks and pastries. What more could you ask for?
I drive 20 miles regularly just to come here! Love the amazing interior decorating and superb coffee (it's the perfect kind of coffee to wash down pastries, especially when it's iced). There are so many kinds of people who come here, but everyone, from the employees to the customers, is very friendly. My cousin and I got a peanut butter brownie (amazing) and got up for a coffee refill a couple hours later, and almost the entire pastry case was different. They're always baking their pastries fresh, but if you have something specific in mind, it may not be there when you arrive because they're always rotating. That's okay, try something else, you won't be let down! The food quality is great, so I don't mind paying a bit extra for it. The ideal student's/worker's cafe - there are rooms that have a tendency to be quiet for those who need them. What more could you ask for in a coffee shop?
By far the best cup of coffee I've had in the Phoenix area! Way to go guys, and there is a really neat atmosphere at this place, but Pane Bianco is right next door.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! . . If only it wasn't so far from where I live.. I would go all the time. I do occasionally make the drive because the coffee is delicious! I've had the BEST coffee that I've ever had here. I also get the black and white. It's amazing. I also ordered the mac and cheese!  would recommend that to anyone who goes here! The atmosphere is a bit on the "hipster-ish" side but it's nice.
This place is amazing. . . Mac n cheese, thirsty crow, good music, eclectic crowd, right off the lite rail what else could you want! . . The staff here is so personable, they remember your name, what you like to drink & they greet you like a family member they haven't seen in years. . I give it 5 stars because the food, atmosphere, service and cocktails are top notch! I can't think of anything to complain about. Lux has something special in its DNA That I have not experienced anywhere else I've ever been.
Face it - modern life can be lonely. And Phoenix can feel like an odd, random place to have landed when you are 58 years old, as I am - how, precisely, did I wind up on the searing desert, and how did it happen to all of these other people who I see sweating on the street? . . At Lux, however, the existential depression shuts off, and its polar opposite flips on - how delightful that we've all come together into this cool, noisy, crowded, friendly, interesting space to have some coffee! If life is indeed random, let's all be randomly happy together! . . I have written parts of two books here, and the energy of Lux is on every page - it's a good place to do the difficult business of writing readable prose.. . And no one here is a "hipster," a word that does the world absolutely no good. They are young, for the most part, and enjoying being with their friends in the wonderful, intense, lovely way young people have since the dawn of humanity, and they are doing it a nice place in the middle of an awful, hot, barren desert, because young people are great and resilient and clever and wonderful. Old people are too, for that matter. . . The whole place, the whole thing, is a testimony to just how fantastic people are, from the people who built this place to the people who come here to the people who smile as they hand over your coffee and ask about your day. Relax, smile, enjoy - it's a little easier at Lux, and when you leave, maybe you'll find it easier to do these things elsewhere.
I spent a good 6 hours of reading a book and reviewing it! I had a very productive time there with the accompaniment of a nice atmosphere, beautiful display, good music and of course delicious coffee. I ordered the velvet mocha to start. It was rather sweet, but sweetness isn't always a bad thing. By lunch time I was famished so I ordered the pulled pork plate. I was happy to see veggies mixed into the meal as well as good sourdough bread sliced thinly to complement pork. The pork was very tender and the portion size was enormous. I had a lot of eyes gravitating towards my meal. Oh so delish. After a few more hours, I ordered the hibiscus tea and must I mention there are free refills so before departure, I got a refill of tropical iced tea with a touch of the organic orange blossom honey made available on the side bar. I was rather impressed with the space availability even if I shared a 6 seater table with another person. He was nice himself and inquired my whereabouts. I thoroughly enjoyed this place. I even took the light rail which was literally on the same street of the cafe. Convenience at best with a touch of lux-ury.
This review is specifically for the mac-n-cheese with jalapenos and bacon. It deserves its own review.. . Every time I come to Lux, I glance past the mac-n-cheese. I mean, how exciting can American restaurant mac-n-cheese be? A customer sitting next to me at the bar ordered up a bowl. It looked pretty enticing. He asked if I ever had it before. I said no, and he looks me straight in the eyes and says "you gotta do it." By the tone of his voice, the mac-n-cheese must have been an experience.. . So tonight I did it, but instead it done me...oh it done me. It done me good.. . Beatles fans, holla if you hear me!. . I learned to make proper "macaroni pie" from a West Indian friend. You slow-cook milk, cheese, onion, a bit of flour, salt, and pepper into a delicious, aromatic cheesy creamy white soup. Then you pour al-dente elbow pasta into a baking dish. Then you pour the creamy cheese soup deliciousness over the pasta. Then you layer shredded cheese on top and bake it all together. That's how you get tender, creamy mac-n-cheese. Lux knows the deal, and they took it up a notch by throwing jalapeno peppers and bacon into the mix.. . As a baked mac-n-cheese chef trained under a West Indian macaroni pie sensei, I tip my hat to you, Lux. Well done.. . Edited: A tip for Ms. Andrea O. Being a pleasant customer goes a long way. Being not-a-mega-bizatch works wonders for getting good service. It works for me. You may want to try it sometime. If you suffer from perma-scowl, you could draw a smiley face on a paper bag and place it over your head.
I love the coffee here, I've been drinking Lux coffee for over 5 years now and to this day I am still in love with their coffee. I usually buy a few bags of beans when I'm there and hook friends up with bags when they come from out of town. Great giftto a co. Worker or family member who enjoys coffee. Staff is very friendly and Sammy is a good guy who helps run the place. Thanks for opening your doors Lux.
It's impossible to find something bad about this place. The moment I step off the plane at PHX, I immediately crave Lux. The mac and cheese is perfect, gooey and cheesy, not like the stuff you made in college. The ambiance is so unique and the whole atmosphere can't be replicated. Coffee is the highlight though, lattes, cappucinos, iced drinks! They really know what they are doing here. The people are friendly and very very very cheery. A+++
Hippest coffee shop in the whole west coast. Amazing coffee, unbelievable ambiance and decor, great great customer service. Did I mention fantastic brews. Get the Atmosphere. Lux's iced coffee drinks do damage. Must visit even for tourists.
So I haven't been since Lux moved over to their new spot, and I wish so bad that I could delete my old review, due to new, better employees, a bigger space, tons of selection (literally a full menu from breakfast to dinner, oh and that includes alcohol. Nomnoms). They've adjusted their prices and it's way more reasonable than before. It's more quite so I can get my work done. Seeing more diverse people instead of one group. I love it:)
If you can believe it, a place that gives you quality breakfast, lunch, and dinner with a relaxed,  comfortable atmosphere. Lux has it all!
Love it!  The espresso is great and I love that I can get almond milk lattes!  Sometimes they have vegan gluten-free desserts, which is an added bonus.  This place is always crowded, but that is just part of the deal.  Highly recommended!
For the lack of parking and long lines you have to wait in, LUX more than makes up for this with their great coffee, food and desserts.  I would say this is my favorite coffee lounge in all of Phoenix.  Now, if I only lived closer,  I would be stopping by everyday.
If you want coffee, this is the place you would want to go. You will love this place!
Oh Lux how I love thee, where do I start? The coffee is amazing, the food is amazing, the atmosphere is amazing AND the music selection is beyond amazing...I want to live downtown just so I can go there every day. I am so over Starbucks and this is much better alternative!
Who doesn't like this place?! Bar drinks are hand crafted/ fresh squeezed w organic fruit. You know there is a God just by eating the Mac and cheese! Love the coffee but I warn you it's strong! They roast their own beans. When you walk in your greeted by the happiest most eclectic bunch in all of food service industry. It just feels good!
Well well well.  You sneaky, non-descript, awesome little bastard of a restaurant.  Flipped two U-E's before I found you, hiding in plain sight.  Damn it Lux... damn it. . . I suppose I'm easy, but I am freakin' smitten with Lux; beautiful, interesting restaurant with tables full of pastries and derishous foodz pumping outta their neat little kitchen that's in plain sight.   . . Hipster-ish? God damn right, but I'm the furthest thing from hipster and I felt no less love while I was there.  Seems fat white doodz with their bohemian children in tow (bohemian = I let my kid get dressed in the dark) are just as welcome.. . It's nice to be pleasantly surprised by an eatery;  Lot-o-hype seems to be circulating about Lux - possibly because a bunch of  ass-hats were overly pumped about a new 'hip eatery' (entrance is dependent on either a  handle-bar mustache or a 1/4 sleeve tattoo).  Not the case; this place is le-jit. . . What did I eat? Biscuits and gravy.  Biscuits and mother-freaking, delicioso GRAVY.  Damn, it was fine.  Not the healthiest thing in the world, but my arteries can go fuck themselves.  Unfortunately, with my dish of choice being so filling, I was unable to perform my duties as 'daddy-disposal' - My child's unfinished portion of dutch pancakes, with fresh berries and what I'm assuming was homemade whipped cream was left for the hungry, more than likely neck tattoo'd kitchen staff.  Vultures. . . Can't wait to get at Lux again.  Mmmmmm.
This place is amazing. Came here to study with my fiance, and we loved it. I got the hibiscus iced tea (which comes with unlimited free refills) and my fiance got iced coffee. They have free wi-fi, and we never felt like any of the employees wanted us to leave or move from our spots. Got a solid 4 hours of studying done here. Would highly recommend.
Visiting my buddy in Phoenix, this place is down the street from his apartment. Had a red eye and a maple scone. Pretty damn good cup of coffee. Pretty solid scone. I've never been to Phoenix as a grownup but I was super surprised at this place. Feels like a top shelf coffee joint out of any number of hipster neighborhoods I've been in. My opinion of Phoenix has been swayed by the existence of this place alone.
Stopped by this indie-chic coffeehouse while in the PHX. Instantly I loved the vibe as I walked in the door, as I realized I made my way into a very unique establishment. As I made my way past the vast selection of baked goods, I was greeted by a friendly barista. I'm not sure where all the negative buzz regarding employee attitudes came from when reading previous reviews, as my experience was great. I ordered the house dark roast coffee and breakfast of eggs and bacon. Coffee was perfection and breakfast didn't disappoint. I will make a point to visit again when I am in the area.
I had the tropical tea the first time I went and I was impressed. I live off tea. I'm not much of a coffee drinker but I was craving a good iced coffee this morning. The caramel black and white did not disappoint. I loved it!!!! Also, I tried a croissant because I love a good croissant and I had to stop myself from going back for another. New favorite place, and I'm excited that I work down the street.
Lux. If you've tried their coffee, pastries, or other assorted goodies then you are likely  a believer. Yes they are are always busy. You will likely have to wait in some sort of line, depending on when you go. Your patience will be rewarded by your taste buds singing praise for a job well done. Most of their drinks tend to run less sweet (which isn't a bad thing) but they provide a variety of sweetener options to enhance the flavor to your preference.. . I recommend picking up coffee beans if you have a grinder, or alternatively, I believe they can grind it for you.  This is truly a gem in Phoenix and without a doubt, my favorite coffee joint.
Super cute cafe!! The latte macchiato was delicious and loved the presentation. I tried the farm vegetable eggs with potatoes and could not have made a better choice. Very yummy! . . The ambiance of the cafe is great. Looks modern and feels comfy. Only complaint which really isn't a complaint is that our food took a long time to come out. I've heard of others complaining of this before, but it's not necessarily a bad thing when you are having a catch up date with a friend. Great place!!
My string of visiting exceptional coffee houses over the last week continues, this time in Phoenix.  Lux bills itself as a micro-roaster.  It is that, as well as a great place to work, network, meet friends old and new.  A great find in Phoenix!  If I continue to travel for work, Lux will be a must-visit stop when in Phoenix!  I recommend the House Special Black & White Latte.
Great food and coffee. Actually, some of the BEST coffee I've had in town. Love the atmosphere, too.
Amazing place mac n cheese,pudding burger and coffees are to die for. Good vibes and very relaxed place. Even though it's hidden and a bit hard to get to it's well worth it. For sure will be coming back again.
one of my favorite new places to eat and drink in the central phx area. ask the bar tender for an "old fashioned old fashion" and order the NY strip with sauteed kale.
Favorite coffee shop ever! Such an amazing energy, atmosphere! They make homemade whipped creme and their Vanilla Latte with almond milk AMAZING! The atmosphere is like no other! The Kale Salad was also delicious!
Coolest coffee shop I've been to in Phoenix so far! Definitely not your average coffee shop! They have an extensive menu with lots of fresh and local products they cool with. The menu changes daily too which is so much fun. This place is close to school so I can see myself spending lots if days studying on their comfy couches. Their long wooden dining table was perfect for us nursing students to spread out million books out on! My iced skinny caramel latte tasted like it was full of cals and goodness! The coffee beans they use are sooo much more tasty than Starbucks! There's also a bar on one side. We saw oranges being squeezed into champagne and the drink menu was something special! Will have to test it out in a day I don't have my nose in my books! Brain has to rest, right?! This is one of those hard to describe places, so you must indulge for yourself! Most definitely a place to try!
To keep it short and simple... This place is my favorite.. Great coffee, great sweets, great food, great service, great people, great owners, and so on... I love Lux!
OK, so I've only been here once, and only to shoot a short film in one of the many, many rooms inside the fun and interesting maze that is Lux.  I had some tea and a breakfast pastry of some kind, which were both great.  I wanted to try so much more, but we were on a shooting schedule (thanks for the space, BTW) and didn't want to look like a hog on-camera.. . So it may be tricky finding parking, but you can easily take the light rail here too.  And it's worth it when you get inside.  We were there on a Saturday very early when just a few regulars and the staff milled about.  But as it started to fill up, I could sense the community that develops because of the atmosphere.  It reminded me of the coffee houses in the Pacific Northwest; like Seattle, a place I've never been but where I hear coffee was invented in 1991 by Captain Kirby Starbuck (I jest).  . . Anyway, it is both a place to sit alone and enjoy your breakfast/coffee on a comfy couch with a good to mediocre book, and a place where you go to meet people and talk because you're forced to by the people hogging the nice seats.  Also, you can wear your Matisyahu t-shirt here and people will get it (they may groan, but they get it).. . So go to Lux to make some friends, level up on your hipster points, or just hide out because it's probably better than the Starbucks closer to you where all the unfriendly snowbirds hang out.  Oh, and it appears they're open and night too, serving alcohol, which is a bonus.
Amazing food amazing music amazing staff...lots of room to find the perfect spot that works for you and your party. This is a place to go and spend hours at because everyone is friendly, artistic and from all kinds of backgrounds. Great for STUDYING also, if you enjoy somewhat busy and loud places to study...I know I do
I thought this coffee shop was going to be small but it was huge! Their vanilla latte deserve 2 thumbs up  however I can pretty much say the exact opposite about their latte macchiato. This is such a great place to sit with friends, people watch, or do homework. I will definitely be back.
THE Best coffee spot in Arizona! They have awesome coffee and it is way better than any commercialized coffee such as Starbucks...I had the cappuccino and it was perfect right on the dot! This place is kind of hidden but once you find it you'll keep coming back for more!
