The best dining experience my wife and I have ever had! Many other fancy restaurants the food is supposed to be good just because its "fancy". The food here was absolutely amazing! Elevator guy was very pleasant, waiter was fantastic, sommelier was ready to answer any questions. Spectacular views of the fountains at Bellagio. Highly Recommended!!!
The food here is............perfect......heavenly......amazing and then some... Always make a reservation or you will wait forever or be turned away at dinner. Amazing view of the strip. Service is impeccable and they have everything you could possibly want. The place to go if you require everything to be perfect. Will cost about $100 per person for 3 courses. Be forewarned you must pass the fashion 'look' check at the downstairs podium before they let you up.... no sandals, swimsuits, stumbling drunks, screaming kids, black people, t-shirts, etc
Best Experience of Las Vegas.... . The view! Bellagio's Fountain = breathtaking... . The food... Amazingly good, worth the price tag.. Apps- cold spaghettini salad with shrimp - 5 stars. Entree- ribeye rare... perfect fat marbling, juicy and melt like butter.. Side- balsamic glazed wild mushrooms. Side- roasted garlic potatoes puree - best mashed potatoes EVER. . Service was great as expected.... . Elevator Up! Enjoy the view of the Vegas Strip...
if you remember, order the chocolate souffle before you order dinner.  they make it while you enjoy your dinner.  it's worth it.. . very pricey but i think it's worth it for the experience, the service, the quality of food and yes, the view.
This is one of those special occasion type restaurants....for me anyways.. It's a pricey restaurant, but in return you get:. . 1) The best view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip. 2) Romantic atmosphere. 3) Excellent food and wine. 4) Excellent service. . If you're with a loved one and celebrating something special, let them know ahead of time to make your visit even more memorable.  The food and the service are top notch.  The service staff are regular everyday folks that serve you without a lot of over-fluffiness!
Awesome experience. Food, views, and the service are all top notch. Prices are steep, but you get what you pay for!
ive been here a while ago but one thing that i remember from eating here is that ive had the best duck EVER.. . the view of course is gorgeous, views the center of the las vegas strip, and its set in a very elegant fine dine feel.  but let me tell you about the duck i had here.  i ordered the duck made 2 ways, which was rotisserie and the other pan seared and sliced thinly.  Ive never had duck this delicious before that now, i want to try duck made from everywhere.  The pan seared one is my favorite its very soft and juicy, it also comes in a dark wine sauce that is great! everything comes a la carte so don't forget to order some sides to compliment your entree. French food seriously has the best sauces.  so if you decide to come eat here, please please order the duck :)
We have been going to this restaurant every time we visit Vegas and this was by far the best experience yet!  We were getting married on Sat and had dinner reservations for Thurs night, had the best seat in the house.  The corner table with a full view of the fountains.. . We live in the Napa Valley, so we know all about good food.  The fois gras and scallops were devine!  He had salmon and I had the sea bass, which were outstanding!!  Everyone should visit, I cannot wait to come back... hopefully sooner then later!
thanks boyfriend for an amazing early valentine's day dinner!. . out of all the award winning restaurants and famous chefs here on the las vegas trip, i choose to dine at the eiffel tower restaurant because the view looked beautiful from pictures i've seen and for now, this will be the closet thing i'll get to the real eiffel tower in paris.. . the eiffel tower restaurant has its own private elevator that takes you up 11 stories. i had requested a window seat when i made my reservations through opentable and fortunately enough, we got window seats directly facing the bellagio fountains. . while we waited for our table to be ready, the boyfriend and i each started off with a cocktail. i dont remember the names, but i know the one i got was the eiffel tower's signature drink - a sangria type drink with a mixture of berries and bubbly like champagne. the other one was a type of pear infused drink.. . for appetizers, the two of us shared the grand seafood platter which could have been an entree by itself. it is a little pricey ($98) but i think its well worth it. we got a whole lobster split in half, a giant king crab leg with a good amount of meat in it, several oysters and clams, and jumbo shrimp with three different cocktail sauces. i loved the crab, oysters, and shrimp. . for my entree i got the roasted rack of lamb with tarragon jus and glazed turnips. the lamb was extremely tender and really flavorful with the sauce. i tried a little bit of the boyfriend's cured duck. we asked what it meant by cured and we were told that it was soaked in coffee the night before. coffee duck sounded a little strange but you cant really taste the coffee and the duck was pretty tender as well. it's not the usual chinese bbq duck im used to. the duck tasted more like some sort of red meat, but still good nonetheless.. . for dessert i went with majority of people's suggestion on yelp and ordered the chocolate souffle. it was delicious! im not a big fan of chocolate but i loved this dessert! the warm chocolate sauce poured into the soft yet slighty crunchy souffle. a must try! and remember to put in the order when you first order your other things because it takes awhile to make.. . price wise, it was on the more expensive side, but it is las vegas. the service here was excellent, the view of the fountains were beautiful, the portions weren't disappointing for a fine dinning restaurant, and i was very happy with everything we got. the only thing i regret not doing is riding up the eiffel tower after dinner. oh well, next time! i would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to treat themselves and/or other people to a great dining experience
BEST customer service in the world!. So it's Valentine's Day, traffic is terrible and I have 8:15 reservations here.  After fighting traffic and waiting in a loooong valet line, we go up to the restaurant and realized it wasalmost 9 o'clock.  Would you believe it?  On one of the busiest nights, they still held our reservations and it only takes them 15 minutes to get our table ready.  After being seated, our waiter serves us our choices on their V-day menu.  Everything tasted great, the second we finished something they took our plate, the restaurant was pretty, the view of the fountain was nice, and my wine glass never was empty until the end.  I already was thinking in my head to give it four stars (only because I thought it was just a bit over priced).  However, I ended up giving them five because of this.... . My waiter came back saying what NO ONE ever wants to hear, "I'm so sorry, but your card was declined".. . The room went black and I died (at least that's what I wanted to happen in that moment).  Immediately, I called my bank.  After having the worst experience on the phone with my bank again (review of Chase customer service coming soon, and it won't b,pretty) and not having any way to pay, I expected the worst.  With no questions asked, the waiter and the manager informed me in the kindest manner that they'll just do a copy of the card and my ID and to not worry whatsoever, to come back tomorrow was just fine and don't let this ruin my Valentine's Day.. . Eiffel Tower, I loved your decor, food presentation as well as taste, the live singer and nice views.  But what I loved most was the superb customer service and understanding.  Thank you for not making me feel like such a cheap skate.  Will you always be my Valentine?
We wanted to go out to a nice dinner the last time we were in Vegas, but did not have reservations.  I was convinced we wouldn't be able to get in to the Eiffel Tower, but was surprised when they said just wait in the bar a few minutes.  . . We ended up ordering drinks and a cheese plate in the lounge part of the bar and we were surprised when they came to get us only 15 minutes later!. . Overall, I was very impressed with the Eiffel Tower restaurant.  I expected to find very over-priced menus with food unworthy of the hype.  I am happy to say that this is not the case.  . . All of our food was wonderful.  We had the Filet Mignon, the Beef Wellington, and the chocolate souffle.  Yum!  The service was excellent, the view was amazing, and we had a wonderful meal.
I dunno what it is, the best chiefs must all be located in Las Vegas! I loved this place, went here for brunch and got the split pea soup, It was very artfully put together and the taste was divine to the last drop. My hunny order the french toast, more the like french cake! It was huge, and sweet and delicious. Haha, among other things. I order a tomato crepe thingy I can't remember the name of, and it border on the extremist palate in the flavor department, but it was very savory and tasty. . . Went here a second time, and got the rabbit, I dunno if I like rabbit, but I felt that it was tender and well prepared and presented. The lamb shank was all meat, barely any fat which was nice and again tenderness was to be had. . . Plus you get to the the Ballagio fountain dance for you out the window, seeing it from above is a real treat.
I am a huge fan of foie gras and they have it both warm and cold . I must admit both were fantastic . I had the fish and it was great delicate and delightful . My friend had the steak and said it was very good . I also recommend the oysters
What a beautiful and romantic dining spot right in the heart of the Vegas Strip!. . This is truly a favorite place of mine to celebrate special occasions. From the incredible views of the Strip and the Bellagio Fountains to the exceptional service and delicious food.. . 5 Stars all the way!
In terms of food. atmosphere, taste and service....this place is excellent.  Been here several times and never disappointed.  Also, you get a great view of the Strip on top of that.  Great place for dinner and very romantic if you are on a date or special occasion.  A bit pricey...but if you want good food, service and IF YOU HAVE TO SPEND BIG BUCKS ONE NIGHT FOR DINNER...you won't lose on this bet like you would at the slot machines!
Let me tell you how to use this restaurant.  I haven't had their food but in order to take advantage of the view, just come up around 9:30pm for their famous chocolate souffle ($15) and a view of the bellagio fountain and the strip that you will never forget.  . . I can't imagine a better dessert...it was so warm, fluffy, light yet hitting all your sweet spots...gosh, one of the best desserts I've ever had in my lifetime.. . I personally thing this was the best $15 I spent at Vegas.  Usually, Vegas wins....this time, I finally won....=)
I love this restaurant and I can't wait to return in the future! Not only is this restaurant beautiful but it has amazing views of the water show and the food is fantastic! The fish, lamb, and chocolate souffle were to die for!  This is one of my favorite restaurants!!!
Eiffel Tower Restaurant would be the epitome of fine dining.  I would recommend making reservations as it can be busy during weekends.  Also, do remember to dress up for this dining occasion.  I've been here twice, and literally every table in the restaurant has a view of Bellagio's water show.  At night, the strip lights really come alive, and you can take it all in while enjoying a bottle of Grgich Hills cabernet sauv.  This is a great place for a romantic dinner, or a friendly get together.  They definitely have enough waitstaff to accomodate both.  The bartender is friendly, so if you have to wait for a table don't hesistate to grab a cocltail. . . I had the roasted lamb rack with a side of asparagus.  The lamb was cooked to a perfect medium rare, a deep purple in the center.  It was crusted in pepper and served with some grilled tomatoes.  The lamb had the consitency of cotten candy and melted in my mouth.  The asparagus was cooked perfectly in butter and topped with parmesan cheese bits.  The asparagus rivaled my entree in quality.  I also had the opportunity to try the filet mignon, as well as the veal medallions, and both met or exceeded my standards.  We finished with a choclate souffle, which I must wholeheartedly recommend.  . . The service exceeded my expectations.  My drinks never dipped below the halfway point.  There was perhaps one waiter for every person in our party.  Our waiter was friendly, funny, and knowledgeable on every item on the menu.  Overall, a great experience.. . Although the dinner is very costly, I must recommend it if you love fine dining.  . . PROTIP:  You must order the souffle at the beginning of the meal because it takes a while for them to prepare it, so let your waiter know.
Incredible experience! We reserved a table and was shown to probably the best table in the restaurant. We over looked the Bellagio water show and had great food. . . The service was way above par and the setting was romantic. I scored a lot of points with the wife on this date.
What a tremendous experience.   The food was incredible but the service was better.   From the way the manager greets to the simple touches from the servers.    The view was spectacular and made the experience unforgettable.     The bone marrow reduction NY Strip and the Wellington were both delicious.   The Souffle was not as good as advertised but still very good.    Eiffel Affair and the wonderful Napa wine selection both made the experience wonderful.
This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas...and anywhere for that matter. We made reservations the day before and asked to be by the glass to see the Bellagio water show. We were given the best seats in the house - right in the center on the glass. I was a bit cold during dinner so the waiter came out with a shawl for me. YES! this restaurant has everything to accomodate their guests.. . My friend and I started off with the Romaine Lettuce, Poppy Seed Tuile salad. I ordered the Sauteed Medallions of Veal, Braised Vegetables, Wild Morel Mushrooms and she had the Char Broiled Filet Mignon. I can't recall the exact name of the dessert we ordered but it was an entire plate of mini chocolate desserts - lots of variety and absolute heaven. I can still taste it! Everything from the view, the staff, the atmosphere was absolutely perfect. Money very well spent.
Whoa, you need to take an elevator to reach this restaurant. Upon exiting at the top of the Eiffel Tower, you're greeted by a woman and can see the bustling kitchen.. . I went to the bathroom as I waited for some of my party to arrive. Inside the bathroom, there's another lady who leads you to a stall. After you finish washing your hands, she gives you a pretty towel with the Eiffel Tower Restaurant Logo.. . Anyways, we get seated and a waiter begins to recommend dishes for you. You can feel the professionalism of the atmosphere and everything is in tip-top shape.. . We Ordered:. 1. Duck Breast. 2. Beef Wellington. 3. Grilled Salmon. 4. Rabbit with a light Mustard sauce. 5. Beef Tenderloin. 6. Escargot. 7. Duck Liver. 8. Chocolate Souffle. 9. Strawberry Souffle. . The appetizer that comes is a spinach soup I believe. Anyways, the presentation was amazing and they serve you bread. The outside view of the Bellagio fountains were amazing too.
I love visiting this restaurant.  One of my favorites in Las Vegas (or anywhere else, for that matter).. . I won't spend a bunch of time on the view, as it has been addressed on this site, other than to say it is terriffic.  The ambience of the restaurant is wonderful.. . The service at this restaurant is top notch.  I guess I've been 4 or 5 times, and it has always been attentive. The maitre de is always helpful and the entire staff is friendly without being intrusive.  The thing I like the most is that even though it is a high quality restaurant, they don't act snotty... . The food is exceptional.  The duck breast is superb.  The steaks are very good.  The vegetarian crepes are very good. The wine list is very good, with a wide variety at all price ranges.. . My favorite thing there is the pistachio souffle...you must try that if you go there.
This was an AMAZING restaurant. If you are planning on eating dinner, I would suggest you make a reservation. When you make dinner reservations, you are seated by the window and are able to enjoy the water show at the Bellagio across the way. I was able to catch the show atleast 7 times before dinner was over. . . This is a truely romantic spot. very cozy and dim. The food was beyond excellent. the steak and chicken both simply melt in your mouth.. . The surf n' turf is a great dish. So beautifully put together and just the right amount of food. . The farm raised chicken is also just as delicious.. . Even though it is a bit pricey, it is deffinitely a great place to eat in Vegas. So if you are in Vegas for a special occasion, and you got some cash on you to spend, go to Paris, you wont regret it. . . xoxo
Very romantic!  If this place doesn't get you laid or at least to third base, I don't know what will!  The views of the Bellagio fountains are priceless!  Too bad you can't hear the songs that the water is dancing to! We came to celebrate our anniversary! He got brownie points, that's for sure!  Our friends have gotten engaged here!  So again, romantic place! . . The food was absolutely excellent!  Pricey, but well worth it!  The drinks were amazing too!  It better be for about $20/drink!  I highly recommend the filet!  The bartender recommended it and now I must pass it along!  The waiter brought out both the red wine and hollandaise sauce!  I LOVE them both! So ask to get all the sauces if possible and decide for yourself!
Rose petals were scattered on our table and a long stem rose was left just for me. Top that with an awesome view of the water show, great service, and delicious French cuisine. Need I say more?. . The lights were dim and the ambience was very romantic. Our server, Maria was very helpful in making suggestions and answering some questions we had about the menu. After taking our order, we were presented with diff types of bread we could choose from to start out with. I got the multigrain which was hard, and the bf got the baguette, which was alright. Here's what we ended up having after the bread:. 1. Tasting plate(asparagus w/goat cheese, duck pate w/pork, and some kind of tomato bisque w/shrimp)- asparagus and cheese was deelish, bisque was ok, pate was "real good" according to my bf.. 2 . Appetizers( thinly sliced salmon w/toast and a side of capers,onions, and creme fresh and escargot w/bacon and red wine reduction)- salmon was real good but probably would've gone better with a diff type of toasted bread rather than reg bread. We both couldn't get ourselves to finish the escargot. I don't know if it was the red wine reduction or what, but it tasted like liver and blood.. 3. Entrees- The bf got the surf and turf with a side of potato gratin and I got the Mediterranean sea bass and a side of creamed spinach and mushroom. According to the bf the steak was "perfectly seasoned(peppercorn) and juicy" while the lobster was just tasty. The potato gratin was also good and very light. My fish was real good BUT it was sitting on top of  bread crumb and some kind of sauce which was very sour. I ended up eating the fish with the spinach and mushroom which turned out real good, but opted out of the bread crumb and that sour sauce.. 4. Dessert- Ofcourse we had the souffle, which was ok for me but orgasmic to the bf. Then they brought out sorbet samples. Flavors were: mango, strawberry, chocolate, and sour cream(the best). Second best was chocolate, then mango, then strawberry.We then had chocolate mousse and cappuccino, both were awesome.. . Dinner then ended with a 263 dollar check, but was very much worth it. It was just a great anniversary dinner and we couldn't be any happier. We already have plans coming back on our decade anniversary next year!. . What a great night we had here! From the food to the views, everything was amazing!
I have a sweet spot for this restaurant, because my husband and I ate here the night after we were married. Mood lighting, delicious food, and the perfect view of the Bellagio water show made for a perfect honeymoon night. . . Fast forward 3 years ... I'm back in Vegas and hungry for French food. Since my husband hatesany restaurant that requires him to dress nicely, he graciously agreed to watch our toddler while my sister and I got our foodie on. I was worried that I wouldn't have the same great experience, seeing as I didn't have honeymoon magic to gloss over any imperfections the restaurant may have had the last time. I didn't have to worry at all. . . They sat us right up against the window overlooking the Bellagio, and our waiter promptly arrived to take our drink orders. Although we were dying to get the chef's tasting menu again it was late, and we had a late lunch. Our waiter was attentive, helpful, and charming.... they had run out of the black cod that I wanted, but he apologized and assured me that I would not be disappointed with the halibut or sea bass. . . He was right... the sea bass was delicious! Crispy skin and tender fish that matched perfectly with the smoked tomato quinoa and fennel shavings. Total heaven. This was a month ago, and I still think about that fish. I was full, but still had room for dessert. I ordered the passionfruit meringue, and it officially made my night. Tart passionfruit sorbet surrounded my light, fluffy meringue..... oh so good!!! I'm normally a creme brulee girl, but this dessert made me soo happy! The sweet and tart of the passionfruit woke me up and kept me going for the rest of the night. . . Yes, the food is expensive. Yes, the portions are smaller than our bloated American senses are used to. But it's delicious, and the devil's in the details. I don't pay big bucks JUST for the food. I pay for the experience... a beautiful restaurant, great service, wonderful food, and a quiet moment with my sister. Always a good value in my book.
We ate dinner here on a Friday night. We got a window seat and the view was amazing. So beautiful to look out at Vegas at night and also get to see the water-show at the Bellagio. The food was delicious - everything was SO tasty and the service was fantastic. . . Highly recommend!
Wow!  We have been coming to Las Vegas for years and never even walked into this Casino or knew there was a restaurant.  We came with friends and decided to try it for Sunday Brunch.  OMG - the food was amazing and the views have to be the best kept secret in Las Vegas - it is walls and walls of floor to ceiling windows that overlook the Bellagio fountains and the fountains go off every 15 minutes on Sundays.  Did I mention that the food was GREAT and service was AWESOME.
I went to The Eiffel Tower again recently.  Everything is still up to their usual standard.  Great service, great views, wonderful atmosphere, and the food was superb.  Maybe my all time favorite restaurant.
AMAZING what a great time my wife and i had. The food was great the service over the top and the view was out of this world. Thank you again for such an awsome night,
Had dinner elsewhere but enjoyed the last part of dinner here. Desert and the view watching fountain show was perfect.
I took my girlfriend here to celebrate her birthday. It was a Wednesday night, but I made reservations in advance just in case. When I made the reservation online, I advised them of the occasion and asked for a fountain view. . . Upon arriving, the experience and the view were fantastic from beginning to end. This place is fine dining at its finest. The service was amazing. The host who greeted us once the elevator doors opened was a nice touch. The waiter was fantastic, very attentive, very friendly. He remembered to bring out a birthday dessert without me having to remind him. The support staff came by several times to check on us, offer us bread, etc., and never let our water glasses get less than half full. I appreciated the supervisor, Lyle, coming by to check on us, and his thank you email after the fact was a nice touch. . . I had the New York Steak, my girlfriend had the chicken, both were delicious. The pistachio souffle was to die for. . . It was pricey, to be sure, but you get what you pay for. I wanted it to be a special experience for my girlfriend and the Eiffel Tower Restaurant did not disappoint.
The Eiffel Tower is where you should have your next special, romantic celebration while in Vegas.  I reserved a table for my wife and I to celebrate her big 30.  I initially reserved us a table at 9:45pm (it was late since we flew from Seattle that evening).  However, due to traffic and some delays, I called the Eiffel Tower to push back the time to 10:15pm and they graciously accommodated my request despite their busy night.. . At first I wasn't sure how to get there, but the friendly valets at the Paris Las Vegas happily showed us the way.  You get there through a private elevator in the middle of the casino.. . The ride up the glass elevator was a perfect start to the experience, which takes us to the kitchen where you can see the busy chefs working on the meals.  We were seated by the window with a great view of the iconic Bellagio Fountains, which made the experience very romantic, with its water show coming up every 15 minutes.. . We had a couple of glasses of wine --- they have a great selection.  The bread was awesome too (good bread usually means everything else is good!).  I ordered the new york steak with bone marrow and cab reduction and thoroughly enjoyed it!  My wife ordered their "surf and turf" offering --- prime beef strip loin with butter poached lobster.  Amazing dish.  In a city filled excesses of buffets and the like, a nice sit down dinner with perfectly sized portions is like an oasis in the desert.. . We had very good service, probably because we were served by the restaurant captain, Ron Gonzales.  His service, attention and graciousness scores five stars itself.  He took lots and lots of photos of us, even suggesting that we call him when the fountainsstart dancing to capture a perfect shot.  He was very quick and offered wonderful suggestions, such as the chocolate souffle which is a must try.  To top it all, Ron served my wife with a complimentary chocolate pudding with a big "happy birthday" written in chocolate.  The pudding was decadent!. . Make sure you call the restaurant and advise them of what you want to do, like birthday celebrations (I hear they do proposals too).  They will work with you on your requests/demands.. . Overall a great experience!  Will come back again definitely!
Great food. Great view. Great service (thanks Joshua!!). Yes it'd pricey but it's French food and experience is well worth it
What an outstanding experience!  From the moment we entered the restaurant via the dedicated elevator to the moment we left we were fully attended. Our waiter was always there and never went MIA. The wine list was a bit intimidating, given the amazing high-end wines comprising their cellar, but we were able to tell the waiter our preferences and price point, and not only did he gladly made a recommendation, but he verified that choice with the sommelier and came back with a different option, which was outstanding. . . I had the beef Wellington, and my wife had the filet mignon with berneaise sauce. Both were outstanding. We further finished the meal with souffles, mine pistachio and hers caramel. Again both terrific. . . In addition to the great food and service, the view is spectacular. We had a window table overlooking the Bellagio fountains, which was an amazing addition to the already spectacular experience.
My girlfriend and I got engaged on August 27th and I made a reservation at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant to celebrate.  We were greeted warmly at the top of the elevator and the lady asked what we were celebrating.  We told her that we had just gotten engaged a few hours before and she excitedly asked to see my fiancee's ring.  She then walked us over to the front desk and told the lady there about our engagement.  They congratulated us and seated us at a window table.  The view was fantastic!  My fiancee was staring at the fountains and I had a view straight down The Strip.  The wait staff was very friendly and professional.  We ordered champagne and salad to start.  The salad was delicious!  They then brought us bread and a corn dish that we did not catch the name of.  It was a free sampler but quite tasty.  I ordered the slow roasted filet of Atlantic salmon.  My fiancee ordered the baked herb crepes.  Both dishes were amazing!  We both had a few bites of the other's dish.  Now we aren't the types to usually have an expensive meal but since we were celebrating our engagement the price was not an issue for me at all.  I have nothing but good things to say about the experience and we definitely plan on coming back for future celebrations.
Romantic, great food, amazing views and excellent service.  I have no complains, can't wait to go back again.   This place is known for proposals and we were lucky to witness one right next to us.
We went here for lunch during restaurant week and I couldn't be more excited! We had a perfect table near the window overlooking the Bellagio, the pre fix menu was an app, steak and dessert. I'm not a steak eater but it was cooked to perfection, and the peach tart with basil ice cream was delicious. Service was excellent. I can't wait to come back & try dinner, the views will be just as good.
Wow. This place is so fancy! We had reservations from the night before, and it was such a grand and very romantic experience. Still a little woozy from the dayclub open bar, but it did make the food even more enjoyable. . . We ordered the raw meat, filet mignon, and salmon entree and each bite was flavorful, decadent, and heavenly! We had amazing seating right outside of Bellagio and watched the water shows while we waited for our dinner. Our waiter was very attentive to us, and our service was excellent, overall. . . Eating at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant is definitely something to experience although a pricey one.
This place is pretty pricey, but worth the money.  The food was great!  The elevator up was kind of confusing because when you get up there the doors open up to the kitchen.  The service was very friendly and helpful.
Food and service was outstanding.  Had the escargot appetizer and filet mingnon for dinner, drinks were great too.  I would recommend this restaurant.
Perfect place to end a short, crazy weekend. Our last day in Vegas we chose to eat here, it was a major change of scenery because we're so used to eating at crowded, noisy places. But no, not here. You get a beautiful view of the Bellagio and it's fountains, it's quiet, and oh so relaxing.. The service was great, nothing they could of changed.. . They started us out with parmesean balls, and a mushroom flan before our meal and it was a great starter.. . I ordered their eggs benedict, omg so yummy. I think it was also topped with some spice, the bread it sat on was perfect and crisp! They serve really good iced tea by the bottle called Republic Darjeeling Tea. I read it's the "champagne" of teas. I want to go back!. . Ahh I love French dining...
The food here never ceases to amaze me.  My fav is the steak medallions with crab meat.  YUM.   All the food is very tasty and very original.  I love coming here when I go to Vegas.  =)    If you're a martini lover....they have the best sour apple martini's.
Went here for brunch on a Saturday at 11am. It was amazing. Seated immediately - at a table overlooking the Fountains of Bellagio. . Service - Excellent. I spilt a cup of coffee, they cleaned it up right away without any fuss. Food - Very good. I had the chorizo eggs benedict. . Price - Between J and myself, the total bill was $56 (including tip). Additional notes - They give you complementary delicious french bread, baked goods and desert (snack) . Highly recommended
We have just recently celebrated our Anniversary here for the 2nd time. This place is nothing short of Perfection. We have dined in so many places previous to finding this absolute GEM. I couldn't possibly cover all the superlatives this Restaurant deserves! We enjoyed a reasonably priced bottle of Wine. I had the Bone Marrow Steak & hubby had the Filet. A wonderful Lobster Salad & potato side dish and great Bread/Rolls selection. Next: The View of the Fountains and piano playing softly in the backround in a dimly lit room all comes together with the attentive service of the staff. Sommelier is spot on with wine suggestions. Next time I'd also like to try one of their specialty cocktails. Anything to stay longer and take in the whole experience! Ask for a table at the window for an exceptional view of the strip and fountains. Lyle was so helpful and our server Michael was terrific ! Some mini appetizers, a palette of asst. sorbets and a chocolate mousse were sent over compliments of ET! Wonderful !. Treat yourself to this experience of a lifetime. You only live once.. And I cannot wait until next year. We could not even consider another place that could top ET for a wonderful meal/experience all the way around. A big Thank You to everyone there for our special memories !!!. Check out their Facebook Fan Page for more info! Trip Advisor loves them too!
Great food beautiful view of the fountains a romantic spot ;) in Vegas . Had a very nice tasty romantic dinner with my BF love it!!!
why go any where else? Food is the best on the strip, best executed,wine list rocks with interesting choices, and the view is well, the best in Vegas
The trouble with writing a review for The Eiffel Tower restaurant at the Paris hotel and Casino is, making the choice about what is best about the offering.  The view of the Las Vegas strip and Bellagio water show?  The food?  The service?  . . The view has to be the standard of measure.  Sitting eleven stories up, the view is spectacular.  The food is first rate. For me, the service was the best part.  Our Wait Captain was named Joshua, and he made it all come together.
Absolutely my favorite restaurant in Vegas!  The food is as good as it gets and the service is beyond impeccable.  If you're not in the mood for a full meal, sit at the bar and have a couple of appetizers and drinks.  The lobster salad is my current favorite!
Find a better location in Las Vegas to have a wonderful dining experience. . . I have been to The Eiffel Tower Restaurant before and I knew that if I wanted to take my my family somewhere special to celebrate, this was the place to go.. . The service and the staff is top notch and they will doanything to make you feel welcomed from the bartender to the the waiter to the wine connoisseur, they were all intensive to our needs.  I dropped my fork and by the time I picked it up, there was a new fork waiting for me.. . But of course, we must discuss the menu.. . after a little bit of champagne the hostess led us to a wonderful table overlooking the Belaggio Fountains. . . We began with Les Amuses Bouches which led to the appetizer, Warm Foie Gras, Black Pepper Pears, Sauternes, Smoked Bacon. Delicious, wished there was more. Bread was great too.. . we had the:. . 1) Roasted Farm Raised Chicken, Verjus, Fines Herbs - not a big fan. 2)Venison Chop, Oatmeal Cake, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Huckleberry Reduction - Delicious. Loved how the venison was prepared.. 3)Braised Short Ribs, Buttered Egg Noodles, Roasted Vegetables - To die fo. 4) Aged New York Steak, Bone Marrow, Cabernet Reduction - a great cut and made to perfection. . with Brussels Sprouts, Chestnuts, Bacon - a nice accompaniment. . . For desert: . . we each had our own souffle's. you didn't expect to share? Get the chocolate and Pistachio. We really liked the Petit Fours too.. . Definitely come here on your next visit to Vegas.
We had a table with the view of the Bellagio fountains. It doesn't get any better than this. The food was very good. The service splendid. But my goodness the VIEW! We made my reservation at 5pm right when the sun started to set and it was maaaagical.
Great Service, AMAZING food and the view of the fountains at Bellagio set the tone for a great dining experience.  I make it a point to visit the Eiffel Tower restaurant on each trip to Vegas and have always had a wonderful experience.  The staff strives to make you feel welcome and are attentive to your needs.  This is a great spot for a romantic dinner for two, but make sure to call ahead and make reservations to ensure you get a good table.
Reviewing a place like this is very hard. It is Las Vegas. We had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.  We decided on the tasting menu with wine pairings. This is always interesting as restaurants give me wines I wouldn't ordinarily try. The prices are absolutely in the extreme nose bleed range. So to break out of the 3 or 4 star range they have to do something to knock my socks off. Everything was very competently done. Flavors excellent. Service impeccable. The deal clincher was the venison. When I hear venison, my mind goes immediately to a poor gamey tasting deer that was shot and driven around on some rednecks hood for a day. I would never ever ever order venison. The meat course was venison. I was worried. When it arrived, it was the most amazing piece of venison  (maybe any kind of meat) I have ever tasted. I'll ding them just a bit for the short pour of the Anderson Valley Cabernet that came with. So 4.9 on my scale. For here I'll give them a 5 because I can't give them 4.9 and 4.9 is closer to 5 than 4. Remember this is Las Vegas....
One of my top ten restaurant experiences of all time.  Really spectacular service.  Outstanding food.  An amazing view.  Expensive (although not the most expensive meal I've ever eaten) and worth every damn penny.  . . Your experience starts off on the casino floor where you take a special elevator up to the restaurant.  The doors open and you are greeted by an adorable majordomo standing in front of the gleaming glass and chrome kitchen which is a positive beehive of activity. You round the corner into a cozy dark reception area with seating and a small bar area.  The couple next to us was eating at the bar so I supposed if you are too spontaneous to make a reservation you can still enjoy the restaurant.  Our table was ready after about 10 minutes (we had a drink at the bar, which seems to be stocked with at least one bottle of every liqueur known to man, meticulously organized and labeled). . We had a window table with a great view of the fountains and strip.  Service was flawless.   They select and train staff very well.  And the food..... . Starters. Me:   Cold Foie Gras. Boyfriend:  Warm Foie Gras. Set the standard for the dinner to come.  Phenomenal.  . . Main. Me:  Venison Chop. Boyfriend:  Rack of Lamb. Side Dish:  Brussels Sprouts. As tender and amazing as the meat was on my chop, the star of the plate was the little oatmeal cake it was served with.  For many restaurants the starch is kind of an afterthought ("Umm, yeah let's throw some potatoes on here to take up space").  I am still thinking about that sublime little round of deliciousness a month later.  . . To my absolute surprise we learned from the it is a Lettuce Entertain You restaurant from the lovely manager who visited our table and chatted with it.  I wholeheartedly recommend this as a great special event restaurant.  . . And please fellow Yelpers, DRESS APPROPRIATELY.  Yes, it is Vegas where you can wear a tee shirt and jeans 99% of the time, but this is the 1% of the time you shouldn't.  I know you'll argue that you are paying good money so why should you dress up for others but go ahead and wear those heels and dress shoes.  Enjoy it.  Savor the fanciness.   It is a special meal, so relax and enjoy it for what it is.  You deserve it, right?
So amazing!. . Impeccable wine list. I am a Malbec (usually Argentina) fan but also am in love with Italian Merlots. This particular evening I had a french Malbec- Yes! French! My first time trying a French Malbec. It was so divine. I closed my eyes and savored every sip! The nose, the velvety smoothness.......The sommilier looked at me like I was crazy when after sampling it, I said I could taste licorice and bubblegum notes but that is just what this beautiful unique wine tasted like- in a good way of course. The only sad part is that I cannot remember the name of the wine...please if anyone knows send me a comment!. . For the main course I ordered the Venison Chop which was so delicate and perfectly cooked that it melted in your mouth. I grew up eating venison and have never tasted anything so wonderful. My husband ordered the surf and turf: Aged Prime Beef Strip Sirloin with Butter Poached Lobster. We almost didn't talk the entire meal because it was so delicious!. . We had a table right on the window overlooking the Bellagio water show which went off every 15 min! The view of the strip is fabulous and romantic. It was just perfect. . . The service is amazing and you are treated like royalty! Can't wait to go back!
COLLEGE STUDENT REVIEW - . . Las Vegas is an amazing place but can hurt already the poor college student budget. I have been to this place not once but several times! First time, my friend and I was tired of the crowds and the strollers. I was tempted to kick one out of the way. Why bring babies in LV? So we saw the menu for lunch. We didnt have a reservation but got in right away and a great view of the strip by the window. Of course this place is a prime photo spot. Unfortunately our camera batteries was dying. It couldnt handle Vegas either. We had a soup, shared an appetizer, mineral water, and dessert. Just perfect for the budget. I went several other times  - never got an entree. Just recently, another college friend and I had a 6 hours layover on the way to Bay Area. we grabbed a cab, hung on the strip and had dessert with sweet wine by the bar. This was on THANKSGIVING day. Flights are cheap on that afternoon. People was dressed beautifully. So if you come for dinner, dress code! oh, even though we sat by the bar, we could see the Bellagio fountains beautifully. Our cameras was fully charged and we took so many photos. . . The bar is a must go! They know their stuff. We were actually on our way to Napa Valley and the sommelier was discussing which wineries in Napa is good to go. Since I am from the Bay I was able to hold a good conversation about recommended places - we both ended up writing for each other. Not only that, he remembered me from the other times I came to Vegas! The service here is amazing. They saw I had a big bag and didnt want to lug it around, they put it away in a safe place for me. But But BUT.... the kicker is........the souffle....is the most amazing ever. I grew up eating French food so take it from me. ITS THE BEST! I especially loved the pistachio one and was tempted to lick it off. Good thing I was in a classy place. Plus I dont want to end up on a viral video somewhere. So this place has class - dress nice - delicious food/dessert/wine, amazing view, more isolated from the crowd yet right smack in the middle of the strip. Hence why it gets my vote of FIVE stars. Don't believe me? I was there just last week.
Let me start by saying that if you are going to eat here, come a little early and take the elevator to the top of the eiffel tower.  Time your trip with the Bellagio fountain show.  The tower ride isn't free, but the view is soooo worth it, especially if you get to see the fountain show.. . Onto the food / service / restaurant experience.  I normally only talk about the food and the service in my reviews, but coming here was truly an experience.  When you step out of the elevator, you get a full view of the kitchen.  You can see everyone in their matching chef attire.  You can see how clean the kitchen is.  It's really neat!. . We were celebrating our anniversary, so we got a great table.  The view was great.  Someone came by to take a souvenir photo.. . The food was also good.  Not the best food in Vegas, but the experience certainly made up for it.. . This was also a rather expensive meal, a few hundred at least (plus the souvenir photo!), but it was so worth it.  I would definitely recommend this place!
Gosh I've been writing some bad reviews lately, so lets go for a change and give a GLEAMING review!  :)  Ahhhhh....The Eiffel Tower Restaurant located at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas.  TRES MAGNIFIQUE!!!  . It was our company's annual corporate meeting and we were treated to a wonderful dinner here.  The elevator doors opened to a bustling kitchen, and might I say CLEAN as a whistle.  White and sparkling.  We were then led off to the dimly lit dining room...very romantic and stylish the VIEW is what makes this place special.  The Bellagio Fountains directly in front of us.  Spectacular!  . We started with cocktails....I had a Blueberry Vodka/Soda with a lime twist.  Strong drink just like I like em....very nice.  . Upon recommendation from our waiter, I ordered the rack of lamb as my entree.  This was the BEST lamb I have ever had.  Sooooooo tender and cooked to perfection.  It melted in my mouth.  It was served on a bed of a tomato puree with artichokes, which was equally as delicious.  We got several sides to share, my favorite being the Potatoes au Gratin (served in a mini cast iron dish- very cute).  The wine was flowing and I was in taste bud heaven!  . After a while more of wine, dining and conversation, our desserts came.  Boss had ordered us 1 each of the different souffles...all were deeeelish but my favorites and the group consensus was on the Pistachio and the Chocolate.  Best souffle I have had!!!. The Petit Fours (I think that's what they are called) came around and I got the Chocolate Caramel...again....DELISH!  . Capped off the evening with a fantastic champagne toast.....what an evening!!!  . It's pricey, so be prepared to drop some dollars here, but the experience is all worth it.  We had 5 star service, food and drink.  My ONLY complaint was the noise level, but it was so crowded how can you help that.  . I can't wait to go back here!!!
Jennifer G. from the Eiffel Tower Restaurant contacted me after my review and found the wine that I had ordered from the restaurant! Wow! I am even more impressed with the service! It totally exceeded all of my expectaions! Thank you Jennifer!
The food, the view and the service was fabulous. Everything was cooked to perfection. I highly recommend this restaurant. I Tweeted that I was going to the restaurant and the manager replied to my Tweet and made sure our dinner was everything we hoped it would be. Social Media rocks! . . I had the Salmon and the Winter Greens Salad and both were was fabulous. Their dessert souffles are to die for.
pricey but great for a nice celebration dinner.  Service is top notch.  food is wonderful.  monkfish (poor man's lobster) was so good.  love this place and the views you get of the strip, bellagio fountains, and if you go towards the back you can see the paris hotel pool.
Exquisite! Marvelous! Magnifique! . . This was truly a night on the town, a dinner du jour, a supremely satisfying and sensational dining experience, and one of the top 5 dinners of my life!. . We came for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and enjoyed, strike that, SAVORED every minute of it. It was truly divine. The view. The Bellagio fountains. The ambiance. The drinks. The wine. The chocolate souffle with cascading chocolate. The cauliflower puree to cleanse the palette. The complimentary birthday chocolate mousse for my boyfriend on his special day :) The over-the-top service on all levels. The silver platter to carry our wine glasses to our dining table. The romance. The etiquette. The savory flavors melting on your tongue. This is culinary heaven folks!. . From the dramatic entrance by way of the elevator, stepping out to a hostess waiting to greet you, seeing the immaculate, sparkling kitchen, to the adjustment your eye makes from the bright kitchen to the romantic dimly-lit sunken dining room with the sensational view, it was wonderful from start to finish. Not to mention THE FOOD! It was all fabulous. Utterly fabulous. While expensive (we rarely eat at these prices and totally splurged this time), it was worth every penny and I would have even paid more! We left a huge tip.. . What a pleasure to dine here. We loved it so much.. . As a same-sex couple, it was100% welcoming and full of love for us. Unlike other establishments where we have felt judged or awkwardness in general, they were warm and welcoming, treating us with the respect we deserve (just like any other couple or family is want to expect).. . I recommend the Eiffel Tower Restaurant extremely extremely highly. It was sensational.. . A trip to Vegas isn't complete without a dinner here. Go, enjoy, and revel in its magnificence!
One of the best meals I've had in Vegas.  The food was great, service was good, and the view was AMAZING.  Great place to bring a date.
OK my family ate here Christmas night 2011.  Gorgeous restaurant! Spectacular view!  Wonderful service!  Everything I ate was really good.  My only complaint were the hostesses.  All of them were sour and had the personalities of blank pieces of a paper. Luckily  there is minimal interraction with them.. . The Wait Staff was really on top of it.  Awesome!. . The Food...excellent.  The bread selection was extensive.  I tried about 4 different types of breads and they were all really good.  I can't think of the french term for the item they bring to start off your meal...whatever it's called, really really good.  It was a a califlower puree.  We all enjoyed it, along with the raw beef appetizer which was very flavorful.. . Everyone at my table had a different entree. I can't remember what everyone had right now...I know I had the duck, someone had chicken, someone had beef, someone had fish...everyone loved their food!. . A couple of people had mixed drinks...can't remember what they were.  But they liked them.  I along with my parents had red wine. Very pleased.. . From the very beginning, our waiter explained to us that they are knonw for their souffle and if we wanted it, we needed to order it right away because it took a long while to make.  So my dad, sister and I went ahead and ordered the souffle. My dad and I had the chocolate souffle...my sister had the banana souffle I think.  We all enjoyed it but it wasn't ALL THAT to us.  Also, the menu said it was $8 but we were actually charged $15 per souffle.  We didn't understand why and were too lazy to inquire.. . The view...I think from most/all tables in the restaurant you have a direct view of Bellagio's fountains.  It was lovely being able to watch the water show while enjoying our meal.. . This place is the ultimate for a romantic dinner.  I noticed there were tons of 2 seater tables right at the window.  Which is cool, especially for their special sunset dinner they have.  . . On the flip side of that, I did see a lot of larger groups there, like my family.  I think because it was Christmas night, there were a lot of families like us, having their Christmas dinner there.  Great choice.  We were all very pleased.. . This was one of the most enjoyable meal experiences I've had while in Vegas.  I highly recommend it!
OMG the rack of lamb! I literally had a boner the whole time. Good thing the restaurant is dark.
Magnificent food. Worth every penny.. Had lunch andeverything was first class.. Service was fantastic.
I went here with my friend when we decided to eat a fancy meal at least once. It was our fault, we waited until 1 PM on a Friday to call and make reservations for the night and wasn't able to get one until 9:30 PM, but by then we were starving!! I am so happy that we were too!. . We both ordered the duck, which thinking back I wish we had ordered two different meals but it was extremely delicious! I also had a drink, "An Eiffel Affair" and it was very good also. After reading the reviews here, I knew ahead of time I wanted to order the chocolate souffle, and we were both SO glad that we did! It was absolutely delicious!! Definitely a dish everyone needs to try!! I am also going to be sure to order the recipe book so that I can make it myself! Cannot wait to see how mine comes out! I will be making sure that I eat here every time I come to Vegas from now on, it was a great decision!. . I just realized I forgot to mention the view!! We got a table at the window and we barely even talked to each other- we just kept looking around! The view was fantastic!
I wish I could give this place more stars, but instead I will just tell you how GREAT it was.  We were in Vegas celebrating a 40th birthday and I just couldn't decide where to go for dinner on Saturday night but it had to be special whatever it was.  I was searching around on Yelp and found the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  I noticed quickly that the majority of the reviews were good...but then I noticed the Manager of the restaurant actually commenting on the reviews so that intrigued me a lot.  I contact Jennifer and she responded to me right away and was happy to help me make our dinner a special night for my best friend. . . We showed up at 8pm and the place was bustling.  Great atmosphere...You have to take the elevator up into the Eiffel Tower itself and when you arrive you get to walk through the kitchen to get to the main dinning area -- the kitchen was awesome everyone dressed the way you expect a 5 star restaurant to look...it was bright and CLEAN....I was amazed they cooked in there it was so spotless!  Once you round the corner you get to the main dinning room and the bar is immediately to the left, but what really captures your eyes is the view....from everywhere in the place you see floor to ceiling windows and all the lights of Vegas...it was spectacular!!!. . Jennifer greeted us and she was awesome.  Took us right to our table with a fantastic view of the Bellagio water fountains.  We were able to watch the water show the entire evening as we dined.  It was so awesome I can't even tell you.. . The waiter was the best I had had in a restaurant in I can't even remember.  They were so attentive but not on top of you asking constantly if you needed anything...they were just there and ready to take care of whatever we needed without us thinking about it.. . The food was the best.   Jennifer sent over a nice plate of appetizers that were all personalized for each person (meaning we each had our own sample plate)  they were so good I could have licked the plate!!!  We also had a small bowl of a cold cauliflower soup that left me wanting more....the cocktails were mixed well and had just the right amount of flavor to alcohol you would expect.  When the main courses arrived we were in food heaven.  Three of us had beef dishes and one friend had the sea bass...ALL OF THE DISHES were divine.  Lastly we ordered at the top of the meal a chocolate souffle that melted in  your mouths...since it was a special birthday they also sent over a lovely desert just for the birthday girl and some samples of their sorbet.  Again I can't tell you how good it was so you have to go try yourself. . . This restaurant was the best experience I have ever had in a 5 star establishment -- they made us feel welcomed and I can't wait to go back.  All four of us have been telling all of our friends!!!  I just hope Jennifer and her staff can handle all the press because I am certain that she will be getting a lot of business and calls from our reviews!!!!
Great view. The best creamy French onion soup I have ever had. Love the staff. Love the menu. Try the lamb burger it is to die for.
My friends from Oman were in town and asked me about the Eiffel Tower, so I checked on Yelp of course. The 3 of us went for dinner on 3/12/12 and it was wonderful. OMG it was really really awesome!. The sommelier quickly came to recommend a nice red, which was spot on, we had 2 bottles. The selection of breads was delivered with a big smile. Jennifer, the manager, came to welcome us and I mentioned her good job at replying to Yelpers' reviews. We were just so excited to be at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant that night! . Valentino, our waiter, was patient, as we were unsure what to order. He made some suggestions and we quickly decided. I was sure to mention that I'm allergic to shellfish, and it was noted immediately.. While our meals were prepared we received some kind of cold soup in a tiny glass, I enjoyed it more than my friends. Then we each received a trio of tiny appetizers, which was unexpected and delicious.. For appetizer we ordered: . Cold Foie Gras - rich, smooth and velvety.. Pepper Marinated Raw Beef - Beef carpaccio to perfection.. Trilogy of Imported Osetra Caviar - with different little toasts/pancakes to serve it on, simply delicious, something I had never had.. For main course we ordered:. Muscovy Duck Breast - my friend ate it before I could try it, so it must have been great! It certainly looked good!. Boneless Organic Rabbit - super tender pieces of breast, the rabbit sausage was a bit salty but sausage generally is, still easy to eat though.. Rack of Lamb - a refined combination of flavors and juicy tender lamb.. We accompanied these dishes with the Potato Gratin and Creamed Spinach and Mushroom which were great sides to our main meals.. We felt too full to do dessert, but somehow a tray of sorbets made it to our table, and it was certainly refreshing!. One of my friends had an after dinner liqueur I can't remember which, but it completed his meal.. I hope my friends took good care of our servers, cuz I didn't get a chance to look at the bill. It was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. I sure hope I get a chance to come back as there are so many things on the menu I would love to try!
Surprise dinner here for my bday. Bf kept saying the food might not be great bc a lot of reviews only talk about the nice ambiance. We haddinner at the palm in caesar's the night before and it was disappointing. The Eiffel tower made up for that. . . The restaurant is romantic and nice with an awesome view of the strip and the bellagio water show. I had the lamb chops with foie gras $48. The bf had the duck breast $39. The side we chose was the potatoes croquette $10. The lamb chops was really good and tender but u only get 2. I guess I didn't pay attention to the dish description bc the foie gras is what makes it so expensive. I didn't know and tried it and then figured out what it was. So that was the only disappointment. Rather would've had extra lamb instead. Haha. The bf's duck breast was really yummy too. Nice and tender and moist. The potato croquettes were ok. I'd choose another side next time. For dessert we had the chocolate souffle $15. When they bring it out the server makes a hole and drizzles in melted chocolate which makes it extra rich. I would have preferred to do that myself. The parts not drenched in melted chocolate was less sweet and tasted very light. I would ask them to not pour it in if you prefer it not be so sweet. . . In addition for my bday we got a small chocolate parfait with happy birthday on it which was very nice. And then they also bring out petit desserts to choose 1 to try. The service here is amazing. The atmosphere is awesome. There's also a photographer to take your pic with the Paris sign in the background. It's $24 for a 5x7 and they also email you the pic to have as a digital copy and add to your phone pics. Overall really like this place for a romantic dinner. It's super fancy but guys only need to wear a collared shirt. The hostesses wear long black gowns. And servers wear tuxedo like outfits bowtie and all.
My wife and I used to make the Eiffel Tower Restaurant an annual event but we had not been back for a couple of years. I'm glad we decided to go back.. . As in the past, the atmosphere is vibrant and polished. I always wear a jacket but there are some without. Business casual is fine. You should expect to spend 2 - 3 hours for dinner here but the server will ask you if you have a show or event to attend later in the evening to help you get out in time. Do make a point to arrive early and have a drink at their bar. The view from bar (and the entire restaurant) is awesome. . . Only negative- I was told that we could only get a table at the window facing the Bellagio fountains if we were seated as 2. We were 4 so we settled for a table on the second tier but saw some of the Bellagio show. I was distressed, however, to see some tables for 3 and 4 set up in that first tier to see the Bellagio show as they dinned. I guess I didn't speak to the right person when I made my reservation.. . My smoked salmon starter was outstanding. As in our past visits, my wife and I had the filet mignon. And as in the past it is the best filet I have ever had. Instead of going to one of the many steak houses on the strip, save your steak night for Eiffel Tower and order the filet. You will not be disappointed. . . Yes, of course, we had to order their famous souffles. We ordered the chocolate with chocolate sauce and, as a twist, chocolate with banana sauce. You cannot order incorrectly whatever flavor you order. Don't worry about the flavor-just order it! Everyone also get a a small tray of sweets to end the meal.. . Their wine list is extensive and the sommelier will help you if you are not used to ordering French wines. The service was attentive and knowledgeable.. . It is pricey, but worth it. Save this place for you big night out and you will remember it for a long time.. . I only go back to restaurants if they earn it. Eiffel Tower Restaurant earns it year after year.
I'm so glad I decided to come to Eiffel Tower on 4/1/12 for my boyfriends birthday! My boyfriend ordered the rack of lamb and I ordered the New york rib eye, OMG both dishes were cooked to perfection. My boyfriend got the dessert plate with Happy Birthday in chocolate on the edge, he loved it!! Jennifer the manager actually came over to our table to see how everything is going..the service was amazing.......Thanks Jennifer!! I can't thank you guys enough for making my boyfriends birthday memorable. This is something we will never forget. We will be back for sure whenver we decided to go back to Vegas!
Great service and great food. Pricey but definitely worth it especially If you are celebrating a special occasion BUT not as pricey as I was expecting it to be :D *huge smile*. My husband and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary here and they hooked us up with a free dessert :D. Btw the meal portions are filling especially if your pre gaming with appetizers. Lol. Great place we'll be back soon ;).. husband just doesn't know yet. Hah.
This is as good as its gonna get for Foie Gras and Lamb Chop... The server was courteous and knowledgable!!! I had to come back for a second dinner here with in a week!!. . Last weekend on the 12th of May, I had stopped by again and I have the pleasure of getting service by the same courteous and knowledgable server, Tom. This time he had recommended that I should try a filet mignon and I got to say that it was superbly delicious!!! I'm definitely a fan of this place and I live in LA, which is 300 miles from where the Eiffel tower restaurant is, but I shall try to come once a month!!!!
I had one of the best meals of my life here!. . The Eiffel Tower Restaurant is a treat!  AS others have said there is a worry that this restaurant would be all about flash with no substance.. . It does have flash but it also has plenty of substance to offer.  While this is not perfect it is very, very good.  The service was impeccable from start to finish with the waiter and sommelier working very hard to get us exactly the meal we were looking for.  The restaurant is designed so the spectacular view is forefront and everything else compliments that.  It is slightly noisy but not overly loud.  This place has a happy energetic hum to it. . . Many couples were seated directly facing the view away from the noise so I would still recommend this place for a top notch romantic atmosphere.. . We were here from out of town to celebrate an event and made the lucky choice of dining here.. . We came in just as the sun was setting and watched the strip transform around us, it was breathtaking.  But this place is about more than just a sensational view.. . The restaurant opened with a free amuse bouches one which paired three flavors a salmon mousse, asparagus with a lemon foam and a bit of pastry and a wonderful lobster preparation, we argued over which was the best.. . We started with caviar, a blue cheese souffle pudding with salad, the fricasse of escargot, sweetbreads and fennel and finally the foie gras with pears.. . The caviar was served beautifully on square platforms with indentations for the caviar, creme fraiche and chives.  It was served with a metal spoon rather than a mother of pearl but that was the only flaw.  The caviar was wonderful tasting and all the various accompaniments flawless (there were both buckwheat and plain blini AND toast points).. . The foie gras was seared perfectly and came to the table at just the right temperature.  The accompanying pears in a sauternes sauce did not seem quite right as it needed more sweetness to contrast with the foie gras.. . The fricasse was not as remarkable as I hope but it was a nicely balanced dish with a great contrast of textures and flavors, it seemed on the mild side for such an ambitious combination of elements but still very nicely done.. . The blue cheese souffle pudding was incredible.  It was a sturdy souffle which did not fall when cut into but such a wonderful, flavor and it worked so well with the dressing on the greens.  Just wonderful, absolutely the high point of our starters.. . I had the Beef Wellington which was perfectly tender and seasoned perfectly.  Done just on the rare side of medium, it was heavenly. . . Our table generally loved the potato croquettes but I was somewhat underwhelmed by them.  They seemed too simple and by the time I was passed them too cool and limp.. . Finally the desserts, there were many ordered and consumed at our table.  I remember the Pistachio souffle as being dreamlike in its perfection of flavor and form, the other souffles were magnificent in their execution as well but the pistachio flavor just was so intriguing and well done.  The Napoleon was lovely and just as delicate as one could wish and there was a wonderful chocolate plate that I was too full to touch but looked perfect.. . Despite the magnificence of the meal, I have a few concerns about this place.  It is on the pricey side for what you get.  I almost took off a star for the very few missteps during the meal, however the overall experience was so wonderful and the great times I have had stopping by for a drink and an appetizer on past trips to Las Vegas are also terrific, I have to give this my highest rating.
We really enjoyed our whole experience!  From the friendly greeting all the way to the special birthday desert for my wife.  . . The experience: As soon as you get off the elevator you have a view of the kitchen and are greeted by hostesses.. . We requested, and were seated at a window seat that overlooked the Bellagio fountain - amazing views!  The waiter and staff addressed us by our name and were very attentive and helpful.. . The flavors were excellent - we enjoyed a spring salad with hints of grapefruit, cream of English pea soup, the halibut was outstanding, and the filet was cooked perfectly with a delicious red wine sauce adding to the flavor. The side of potatoes au gratin were delicious as well.  The chef sent us a beautifully presented chocolate desert (kind of something between pudding and ice cream) it was rich and delicious.. . We highly recommend this place and will definitely return if we come back to Vegas
It was a Vegas trip that I organized for my boyfriend who finds Vegas boring and pricey restuarants high on show and low on taste. Well it all changed when we went to Eiffel Tower. We loved it right from getting into the elevator to time we made an exit the with our souvenier (little too pricey picture). . . Food : We both aren't much of foodie when it comes to experimenting and me being Vegetarian further limits the options. My boyfriend opted for chicken based entree while I had no choice but to go for only Vegetarian item i.e. Vegetarian Crepes. And my my was the food delicious!! yes it was 100%. I got too tempted when I saw the chicken and tasted for myself. It was pefect tender inside , cooked with precision and the flavors yumm.. My crepes were incredible. The sauce on my plate was to die for. I had mushroom spaetzel were amazing and recipe sounded pretty interesting. My boyfriend had potato on the side, very different and very yumm. After reading all the other reviews I took pistachio souffle. I found it little bitter, I'l ltry chocolate flavor next time. So, all the vegetarians outs there , don't worry !. . View : I got lucky or may be it was my little note when I made reservations in OpenTable ,that we got the table with the view. The view was BREATHTAKING. Ambience could have been romantic but for the crowd making noise. But it was more of happy noise that saves a place from getting dull. I didn't mind it. I had enough romance going on in my small table enjoying the fountains.. . Dress Code : They say that formal dress code is required but I saw men in shorts all the time. But seriusly , this place has all the makings of a special night. So, I'd suggesst make it a dressy unforgettable night !. . Service : We had to wait for a while because we were about 45 mins late for our 8:15 reservation (blame my flat iron process). Service was quite nice except for the first waitress who served us wine who seemed reluctant to offer an extra napkin ! We found it wierd but it wasn't a big deal. Our server compensated for this faux pas for rest of the evening.. . We even got our picture taken because it was just so perfect !. J'aime Eiffel Tower !. Highly recommended !
All I can say is this is the best place I have been to and I do go out to eat a lot. I was here with my husband and 2 kids. The desserts were amazing. The menu is awsome. the cleanliness is super and the service is well trained to please:) Would come back again if I am in town.
I just LOVED this restaurant! What a find -- sort of hidden as you need to take an elevator to get to it! It was seriously 5 star service but it was not that expensive! We got to watch the water show and have a yummy meal! It was my favorite dining experience in all of Vegas! What a surprise!
Located inthe Paris hotel in their Eiffel Tower, this place is absolutely amazing. Great view across of the Bellagio Hotel and the strip. We started off with the Seafood Tower. I had the fish of the day while my colleague had lamb and customer had the salmon. All was done to perfection. Finished off with the souflee which was perfect and very satisfying. Probably one of the best features of the Paris Hotel.
Awesome View. Great Service. Food I wouldnt think Id like, but loved. Awesome souffle too. Definitely romantic ;)
View: Lovely... if you get seated at the window seats, she likes the view to see the Bellagio fountain a lot, especially the fountain plays different music every 15 mins. . Service: Fine dining restaurant service with great details..... You can celebrate anything in this restaurant by just even calling them a day ahead..... . . Food: We love the food.... maybe it is different experience compare with other yelpers...OR we just don't know what real French food tastes like.....but we like the food there.... . A very good place/romantic place to do anything with your significant others.....like proposing.....which I did...... ~ :P
Excellent food and service. The view of Bellagio fountains and City Center including the strip is amazing. The chicken was the best in town.
Although quite expensive, the Eiffel Tower Restaurant is a must see to anyone visiting Las Vegas on vacation. Just make sure to request a window seat and you will have some of the best views of the strip around! Accompanied by a lovely Parisian ambiance and phenomenal food. The foie gras appetizers are to die for and I had the best lamb chops of my life there as well! My boyfriend got the chocolate tasting dessert, which was superb as well! The service was great, as to be expected at an authentic French restaurant. They were definitely a bit over the top but not too in your face. I've heard it's amazing for lunch as well. My table directly overlooked the Bellagio fountains so we got to watch many, many shows! They were also very respectful of our schedule since we had theater that we needed to make it to.
I actually had a fantastic experience at Eiffel tower restaurant for lunch. We came with no reservations and had to wait about 10 minutes, but where we were seated had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. . . Quick tip on drinks - the nonalcoholic drinks are yummy but have a tad too much syrup in them. Ask for club soda to be mixed in to make it less overpowering. . . We started with the creamy French Onion soup - I've never had french onion soup in this form (creamy) before but it was really yummy. . . Next  we ordered the ocean seafood salad (lobster, shrimp, crab) to share. It came pre-tossed with really delicious dressing. All the ingredients were super fresh and it was a pretty large serving (do share with someone if this is not your main course). . . Finally we ordered the Petite New York Strip steak with cabernet butter - yum! I usually like my meat cooked medium, but this could have been a little rarer. The flavors were great and the cabernet butter went perfectly with the steak. . . Service was impeccable and the servers were all speedy and very helpful. I'd definitely recommend this restaurant for lunch.
Very romantic for our anniversary.  Great service at both the bar and the table.  The food was very good and while it's possible that it doesn't quite live up to the cost (and I'm not certain about this) the view more than makes up for any discrepancy.  Sometimes the total picture of a restaurant is more than just the food.. . Would return again for a special meal.
Watching the fountains of the Bellaigo while eating a Chocolate Souffle in an Impeccably tailored suite with a vintage red and jazz in the background. "Priceless"!
What an incredible dinner!! First off, you can't beat the gorgeous view this place has.  Also, the service was impeccable and the staff made the evening very memorable. Will for sure be coming back here!
BEST restaurant-seating-view in the city! Went here for our anniversary trip (Christmas time!! The BEST) and requested a window seat. The food was fab (Chicken-Parmesan Dish) and the view was amazing! Got to watch the wonderful Christmas-Music-Themed-Bellagio Fountain show. Be jealous ;P
Hubby and I enjoyed a lovely dinner here on a recent Monday night.  I was a bit apprehensive - you know when you have a great experience at a restaurant and are afraid it can never be as good the second time?  My sister and I dined here last year and the food, service, and ambience were off the charts good -- and we had just gone up without reservations one night when we realized we were starving and managed to snag a great table.. . Well my second visit was just as good.  From the moment we entered we felt welcomed.  Our lead server John Paul was everything you would hope for - efficient, helpful, friendly, there when you need him without hovering.  All the other staff were top notch, too.. . Everything we had was delicious and beautifully prepared.  For example, I chose the vegetarian entree because it sounded so yummy.  It was.  Delicate crepes were filled with artichokes and walnuts and sat on a bed of the most delicious tomato coulis.  MMMM.. . The view of the Bellagio fountains certainly adds to the overall experience here, but I think Eiffel Tower's food and service stands on its own even without the spectacular scenery out the window.
Watching the fountains of the Bellaigo while eating dinner in the Eiffel Tower Restaurant again! This has to be the "Best" view in all of Vegas!  "Priceless"!
On our recent trip to Las Vegas, my wife, sister in law, and I had dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant. Our server, Valentino, was superb. Valentino really made us feel comfortable and spoke as though he had known us his entire life, which was quite refreshing. His knowledge and professionalism really made the entire experience worth it. The entire staff was very attentive and friendly. Our drinks were constantly topped off and we never had to wait for anything.. . We all had steak, which were by far the best steak I have had in a long time and the best, by far, in Las Vegas.. . I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a high class, elegant meal and experience. Our reservations were on July 28 at 730pm, perfect to enjoy the sunset behind the Bellagio and enjoy the fountains after dark.
I celebrated my birthday dinner with my boyfriend this year at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant and it was amazing. It was a late Friday night and we were starving. We headed in without a reservation and were seated in just a few minutes. . . Yes.. it is a bit pricey, however you get what you pay for. I had the most amazing filet mingnon ever! I do understand how the size of the filet is a bit small however, it's well worth it, as it's quality over quantity here. You do have a choice of sides which allows you to try even more of their delicious menu. I do not remember our waiter's name that night (May 11), but the service was impeccable from the moment we walked in. The view of the Bellagio fountains definitely adds to the ambiance of this restaurant. It was definitely money well spent.. . My boyfriend and I enjoyed our experience so much, we returned to the restaurant on May 18th. Unfortunately, there was a wait for a table, but we were excited that we could sit at the bar and eat without a wait. Keith/Cory H. served us our food and drinks... and suggested the amazing Eiffel Tower Souffle. We were in heaven after getting both the pistachio and chocolate sauces to mix into our souffle. It is definitely a MUST for anyone visiting this restaurant.
Went here for lunch today to with friends to celebrate our anniversary and my birthday. Could not have been happier!!! We were a table of junior senior citizens :) and our server TODD could not have been more attentive or friendlier...he just played the game with the ladies(..that we started) perfectly!. 2 of us had the Parmesan crusted chicken which was outstanding and  2 had the steak sandwich that they loved and one had the trout and he said it was perfect. The cream  onion soup was a hit. We ordered all the deserts and made a buffet..ha the Creme broulette was my favorite but all were exceptional '. The specialty drinks were great.. We got special deserts for our celebrations. Saying happy birthday and happy anniversary in chocolate on the plate.. The star of the show was the service!!!  Todd could not have handled these crazy old ladies better!! He was handsome and quick with his wit!!. My best birthday ever!!! Thank you Eiffel Tower restaurant!!!!
Ever since I was a little girl and my family would travel to Vegas for my dad's work, I wanted to go up the Eiffel Tower at the Paris hotel. Well, I finally got to do that during a work trip of my own AND I got to eat at the restaurant. That was definitely one of the highlights of my trip because the food was exquisite (almost said "amazing" but I wanted to try a classier word to match with this classy place ;) )!. . I made reservations through Open Table and was advised on their strict dress code. Luckily I brought a dress, otherwise my jeans or shorts wouldn't have cut it. So FYI, be prepared for that. As soon as we stepped foot in the elevator to take us up, I was already impressed by the service. Our waiter was so attentive and seated us by the windows so we could get a good view of the Bellagio water show. He also made sure to get our food out quickly because we had to be out of there to make it to a show. . . I started with a glass of Riesling and the Blue Cheese Souffle Pudding with Petite Salad. It had a little Eiffel Tower picture on it, which meant it was a favorite...and not only can I see why, but I'm still thinking about how delicious that dish was! The souffle was perfect, not too stiff and not too soft (sorry, that's the best I can do to describe it!). The flavor was not too intense even though blue cheese usually is, so that made it even better!. . For my entree, I had Olive Oil Poached Halibut and Herbed Couscous with Tomato Basil. Fish is usually not something I order, but I wanted something light and this was highly recommended. WOWWW. That's all I can say. Try it. You'll love it. Both the fish and the couscous were seasoned just right and I felt like every bite just melted in my mouth. . . The portions weren't huge...I mean, it's a fancy restaurant so I was expecting tiny! But they were just right. I would have tried a dessert, but we had to go. I'll do that next time I go back!
Absolutely perfect experience. I took my soon to be wife on a thursday night. Very romantic, had a window seat overlooking Lake Bellagio, what a view! The food was excellent! And the service the best i've ever experienced.
Since my original review in the Spring of 2010, I have been back to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant twice for lunch and it's time for me to update my review.. . I came here July 18th with my wife for lunch.  We had a 1 PM reservation and were promptly seated at the window with a view of The cosmopolitan and CityCenter to our left and the Bellagio to the right.  No fountain shows during lunch, but it's not needed.  The food provides the show.. . We were escorted in the elevator by an employee.  When we arrived at the 11th floor, the floor of the tower where the restaurant is located, we saw the kitchen directly across from us.  The employee walked over, picked up a silver tray, and offered us each one of their extraordinarily tasteful cheese gougeres.  A sort of amuse-bouche before even being seated.  . . For lunch, I ordered the baked crepes and my wife got the parmesan crusted chicken breast.  We started the meal with a bowl of creamy French onion soup, very different from traditional onion soup.  We each were also served two more gougeres, larger than the morsels we got at the elevator.  My lunch came with some mini greens on top.  My wife's chicken was accompanied by potatoes gratin and haricots vert.  Both dishes were excellent.  My crepes were filled with ground artichoke and walnuts and were served with a tomato coulis and some roasted basil.  For dessert, we shared a molten chocolate cake.. . I enjoy coming here so much because service is always top notch.  The servers are very helpful and friendly.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is classy.  The view, the food, the service--they go together to make a memorable occasion.  I have to come back again in the evening and have the tasting menu dinner.  . . Chef Joho and his staff really have this place working well in every aspect!
My husband and I celebrated our 1st wedding anniversary in Vegas last month and decided to have dinner here for the actual night of our anniversary.. . When he made the reservation, he requested for a table by the window with the view of the Bellagio fountains. He was told that they can't guarantee that and we'll just have to basically try our luck when we get there. We were so happy to find out that they have reserved a table for us by the corner (closest to the Paris balloon) with the view of the fountains! :) It was nice being in the corner, we had a little bit pf privacy. The setting was so romantic, especially with the view of the sun setting and the Bellagio fountains dancing.. . We sat down and started going through the food menu and the wine list. It was so hard picking out the wine since they had a massive list. My husband and I ended up getting 2 different ones. A glass of rose wine for me and a half bottle of red wine for him (can't remember exactly what the varieties were). For our starters, I got the corn soup and my husband got the smoked salmon. We got the muscovy duck and the aged new york steak for our main course. Then we got two souffles to mix and share, as per our server's suggestion. We had the grand marnier and chocolate-- they were to die for! Everything we had turned out to be very, very good!. . Also our server, Joshua (I hope I got his name right), was wonderful! Even after devouring our desserts, he even offered us some petit fours. Wish I could take all of their salted caramels! lol They were so good... best I ever had so far.. . We were very satisfied with everything and left the restaurant with very happy tummies! We'll definitely go back again in the future! :)
This restaurant always reminds me of the Rainbow Room in NYC, one can always grab a seat at the bar and dine if you don't have reservations.... It's part of the "Lettuce Entertain You" Group, and is also on "Open Table." The Bartenders are a really great group... and the food is marvelous. Plus the view... Bellagio Fountains the Paris Balloon, and City Center... one could not ask for more... (tip: very pricey)
Had a great time here over the weekend.  Definitely recommend making a reservation with the manager, Jennifer, as she made sure we had a good view for the Bellagio fountains.  She came by to introduce herself and make sure everything was going well while also providing some complimentary appetizers.  Very nice gesture.  We were celebrating an anniversary so we also received a complimentary dessert that said happy anniversary on the plate.  Highly recommended restaurant with a great view and great food!
My favorite pastime is going out to dinner. Living in San Francisco, there is no shortage of excellent food. That being said, the reason that this is my first Yelp review, is because Las Vegas, to me, has proven to be such a mixed bag in regards to its' dining. It is extremely difficult to discern in any way other than a dining experience of your own, whether or not a restaurant is good, or merely another shiny tourist trap.. .  My boyfriend and I dined here about a week and a half ago. Our experience was stellar. Every member of the staff that helped in providing us with one of the most pleasurable dining experiences we've ever had executed with decorum, class, and warm welcome. Our request to have a window seat was graciously accommodated, and the view of the strip and Bellagio fountains was beautiful. . . We started with two delicious cocktails. Both very refreshing and inventive. Then we ordered our dinner. We had the crab salad, black pepper raw beef, beef wellington, and the flat iron steak (notice a pattern?), with mushroom spaetzle and creamed spinach. I won't lengthen this review by picking apart each dish. I must just say that every dish was EXCELLENT. The wellington was delicious in its' flaky pastry, the flat iron cooked perfectly. We paired out meal with a lovely Bordeaux. I wanted seconds of everything we ate, but needless to say (that due to the generous portions not usually associated with fine dining) I didn't even have room for dessert. . . Our server, Josh, was extremely attentive and had a great sense of humor. We never had to ask or wait for a single thing. At the end of the meal, he brought out a small assortment of petit fours, which was a pleasant surprise, because as full as I was, I have quite the sweet tooth and rarely skip dessert. We just booked our next trip to Vegas, which will be at the end of September...yay! I absolutely can not wait to come back and treat ourselves to another dinner at Eiffel Tower. (Or two)
This review is for our lunch experience on a Sunday.  I can't speak to the dinner service, but if it's anything like lunch, then you're in for a treat.. . To start, we didn't have reservations, but it was a Sunday and we decided to take our chances.  Thank god we did, because we were quickly seated at a table with a gorgeous view of the strip including the Bellagio fountains.  . . Then came Todd Smith.  Oh Todd, I would marry you if I could, but I don't think my husband would appreciate it.  On second thought, he probably wouldn't mind because Todd was amazing.  The right amount of service, charm, and all the right suggestions.. . For starters was an amuse bouche of what I think was mushroom flan coupled with some cheese gougeres, better known as fancy french cheese puffs.  They were both delicious.  I was pretty close to asking for a few more puffs, but then out came our lunches.. . I had their version of a caprese salad, served with heirloom tomatoes, fresh mozarella, and basil infused water.  I know, basil water? Initally, I thought it was a whole cup of dressing, but I was corrected, and he poured away. Delicious.  Refreshing and light with just the right amount of basil.  I'd order that again.. . My hb had the lamb burger.  I was hesitant at first because while I love lamb, it can easily be ruined. This burger, oh this burger, was just so good.  It had a slight taste of curry, and a bit of a spice kick.  Cooked to a medium perfection, and served with a roasted red pepper relish.  I would definitely order that again.. . We finished off brunch with the stuffed french toast.  When we ordered this, I thought I would be stuffed myself, but it was a perfect sized portion for the 2 of us.  It wasn't too sweet, which was a pleasant surprise, and was served with the thinnest piece of crispy bacon.  Perfect balance of salty and sweet.. . Brunch prices were reasonable and considering we loved everything we had, I'd say it was well worth it.  That, and the service from Todd, the busser, and pretty much all the staff made this a perfect lunch.
My girlfriend and I just so happened to be in Vegas at the one year, eight month mark in our relationship. We were originally planning to get dinner at some Cheesecake Factory-esque restaurant, but when we were walking around Paris, we decided to go with Eiffel Tower Restaurant to make it a memorable night.. . We were in town because she had a singing competition at Planet Hollywood. It ran longer than we thought, and in the process I had to push back our 9:35 reservation at the last minute. The staff was very accommodating and understanding, and I really appreciated that. When we arrived ten minutes late, I showed up in a t-shirt and shorts, which, in my defense, was comfortable attire for attending a competition! But of course, not acceptable for a nice, fancy dinner. Definitely my bad! So we speed-walked back to Bally's so I could change into my collared shirt and dress pants. Ended up arriving at around 10:10. Big props goes to the staff of Eiffel Tower for dealing with my follies in such a patient, professional manner!. . Now for dinner, we had a beautiful view of the Strip and Bellagio's beautiful fountain show in front of us. That alone was pretty memorable. We were treated very well by the staff, who offered us bread on a nice platter, giving us the option to choose which type of bread we wanted. Before our foodwas served, we were offered a nice sampling of asparagus soup, which was creamy and delicious. . . For our entrees, she ordered the vegetarian option, the Baked Herbed Crepes while I ordered the Beef Wellington which came with a nice wine sauce on the side. Overall the food was good, and having never had a filet mignon baked into a pastry, it was pretty interesting -- in a good way! The wine sauce gave the dish a distinctive sweet, defined taste. My girlfriend's crepes were pretty good too, from what she let me sample... haha.. . Our dessert was the Yelp-recommended pistachio souffle, which was nice and delicate. We were also given a choice of chocolates from a platter to round out the night. A nice shout-out goes to Reed, our amazing and efficient server for contributing to an wonderful and memorable dinner experience. Will definitely be back again, and will be recommending this place to family and friends. Thanks, Eiffel Tower Restaurant, for giving my girlfriend and I a great memory!
Surprised my wife with this restaurant for her birthday last year and WOW was it delicious. The atmosphere of this restaurant is great! On the reservation, I noted it was her birthday and we ended up with a window seat right in front of the Bellagio fountains. That is absolutely the best view of the fountains I have ever seen. I think almost every staff member came by and wished her a happy birthday. . . The meal options at this place are limited, but I do recommend the steak over the chicken. My wife was eating my steak instead of the chicken she ordered because it tasted that much better. One thing that I was a little confused about at first was before we even ordered our main course, they were asking if we wanted a souffle for dessert. I guess it is because it takes so long to prepare and is made from scratch/to order. I do recommend the souffle for dessert, it tasted delicious!. . As a side note, I recommend buying the tickets for the viewing deck for after your meal. The restaurant offers a slight discount since your are dining there. Overall, will definitely be returning to this restaurant in the future (but only for special occasions, $$$$).
Most beautiful Restaurant I've ever been to.  Serves was amazing, our server knew the whole menu and was very honest about everything we asked.  We went at night for dinner and there just happened to be a lightning storm so the view was just breath taking.  I will definitely come back and get a full three course meal instead of just an entree.  Also they offered free bread which was a huge plus!  We had reservations for a group of 13 and they were very accomitating,
We got recommendations for this place from my parents and so, for our anniversary, we booked here. We were told though that it was first come, first served, in terms of having the ideal seats by the windows that overlook the fountains of the Bellagio and The Strip.. We went for lunch though, so it wasn't too busy. We were seated by the window and were promptly served some sort of puffed rolls, with cheese and herbs infused. They were delicious!. . We ordered the onion soup to start and I ordered parmesan chicken and my husband ordered a lamb burger. Our food came and was delicious. The soup was probably my favorite part. We were feeling very full by the end and so declined dessert, but were still given some jellies and chocolate truffle and then were served a small chocolate mousse, on a decorated plate that said Happy Anniversary, which was a total surprise (they had asked when I booked if it was a special occasion, but had said nothing while we were there).. Overall the service was great, the food delicious and the view wonderful. It was a great experience!
My boyfriend took me to this restaurant for valentines.  We loved it! The staff were very nice and our waiter was amazing!  The food was out of this world!  Will definitely come back again!
I came here for lunch yesterday. It was my first time eating here, and I could say this was the best fine dining experience I ever had as of today.. . . . The restaurant:. The view of the strips, especially the Bellagio fountain, from this restaurant was beautiful. The decor was elegant.. . . . The food: . I ordered Aged-Parmesan Crusted Chicken, Triple Chocolate cake and Mudslide (Mudslide was not on the menu, by the way). They gave free mushroom flan and Parmesan cheese puffs as starters. All of them were very rich in taste. Very delicious. The flan, cheese puffs, chicken and string beans were well-seasoned. The cake was smooth and delicious. The Mudslide was great as well.. . . . The service:. The waiter, who took my order, was attentive, nice and polite. . He knew the menu well. He's such a professional waiter.. . . . The restroom:. Very clean. Elegant decor as well.. . . . The kitchen:. Wow, it looked really clean. No wonder they are not afraid to show their kitchen to the customers. The kitchen is located right at the entrance (in front of the elevator), and it's an open kitchen, so people can see the kitchen and the hard-working chefs when they enter and leave the restaurant.. . . . I will come back to eat here again when I visit Vegas next time.
When my boyfriend asked me if I liked French, I immediately assumed we'd be dining at Bouchon. But then he mentioned a spectacular view and I remembered the actual Eiffel Tower in Paris has a restaurant in the middle of it. . . It's quite a walk (especially in stilettos!) from the parking lot past the buffet and through the Paris casino to the elevator which will take you up to the restaurant.  . . We arrived uncharacteristically late (8:30 for our 8:15 reservation). Because we specifically wanted a window seat (which I HIGHLY recommend), we ended up waiting over an hour. Around 9:45, the hostess let us know that 7 tables had signed their checks and they were just waiting for them to leave. . . First up, the gazpacho amuse bouche was flavorful and refreshing. Oddly, someone walks around with bread (which I suppose is a good thing if you don't want to fill up on it). I preferred the baguette to the multi-grain. We also ordered two glasses of cabernet based on our waiter, Tom's, suggestion. . . We started with a summer salad with shaved vegetables and corn soup. I felt the salad was overdressed and yes, there were literally paper thin slices of vegetables. They brought over my soup bowl and poured the liquid contents into the bowl tableside. Fancy. It was supposed to have manila clams but I couldn't really taste it although I am always happy to be served bacon. . . For entrees, the boyfriend ordered steak and bone marrow while I had the rack of lamb, cooked medium. Both were succulent and perfectly cooked and definitely worth the wait. The staff apologized for the long wait. Since the kitchen was slammed, our entrees didn't come out until nearly 10:30. . . We ended the meal with a Grand Marnier souffle (they have 6 kinds), which you have to order at the beginning of the meal. Afterwards, they brought out petite fours. Yum. . . Although the soup and salad were forgettable, the entrees were amazing and perfectly cooked. What was most impressive was the view. We were seated by the window where it directly faces the Bellagio water show. Easily the best seat in the house. Saw quite a few brides (2-3) at this super romantic venue. Highly recommended.
This place is pretty amazing.  I have had my last two birthday dinners here.  I got the tasting menu both times and was very pleased.  The food is super high quality.  All the two top tables are facing the windows overlooking the strip and balcony.  They have a great selection of breads, although the lunch time cheese filled rolls are amazing.  It is pretty pricey but worth it for special evenings out.
Everyone familiar with Las Vegas most likely thinks of the Eiffel Tower Restaurant as a perfect location for a romantic evening or a beautiful place to have a special experience overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.  I completely agree with this, but I'd like to offer up another reason to visit this fabulous restaurant.. . Recently, I had four business associates visit Las Vegas for a convention at Mandalay Bay. It was my job to entertain them during the hours they were free from meetings.  Immediately when they arrived, I scooped them up and brought them to ETR.  They were completely blown away.  We sampled delicious cocktails (The Daisy and Autumn in Paris) and amuse trios in the lounge overlooking the fountains.  Michelle was our server and she was fantastic.  Two managers, Laurent and Ehsan, stopped by to welcome us.  It was a phenomenal experience, and my guests loved it so much that they came back to the restaurant for both lunch and dinner later in the week.  They also went back to the convention telling their fellow associates how wonderful it is.. . So - while it's perfect for romance,  also know that in any type of business related situation, when you're looking for a place to wow and impress, be sure to visit the Eiffel Tower Restaurant!
I absolutely adore this restaurant. It is my Vegas tradition - I come here every trip! . . It may seem like a cheesy idea at first, but it quickly wins you over. Every person I have brought with me falls in love with the restaurant too. . . The view is incredible - the best in Vegas. I love watching the Bellagio fountains and seeing the rest of the strip. . . And the menu is divine. I try a new entree every time (go with items that have an Eiffel tower icon by them...you cannot go wrong with those!) but stick with a bottle of champagne and cheese plate for an appetizer. Their mixed drinks are tasty but come with sticker shock - $17 for a tiny cocktail is a bit too ridiculous for me. Ask for a bottle of wine instead!. . Their desserts are also a must. My favorite is the creme brulee but each one can hold its own!. . If you have time, go up to the top of the tower after your meal. The view is spectacular!
Great food, great service, great view. The ravioli, the only vegetarian option, was amazing! The steaks were also very good. Of course, this place has the best creme brulee in town!
This place is so amazing and worth every penny! My husband and I love this place so much that we had our wedding reception there and recently went back for our anniversary. This was one of the best meals we have had in a really long time. If it is your first time and you want to try something, I would highly recommend the beef wellington and the chocolate souffle for dessert. The service is impeccable and you can't beat the view! This restaurant is romantic and perfect for a special occasion! Bon appetite!
Ate here and it was great.  Service was outstanding
Likes: Light frothy cappuccino, three types of bread available to choose from, delicious chocolate and pistachio souffles that were light and fluffy on the outside with a warm filling that just oozes out when you cut into it, variety of petit fours, photography option, incredibly beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and their water show (I stopped the conversation every 15 minutes just to watch the show =)), AMAZING friendly service - everyone that came by was extremely nice which is extremely hard to come by in a lot of restaurants, greatambiance, VERY romantic, definitely a must-go place!. . Dislikes: Chocolate souffle was definitely better than the pistachio souffle.  I had food coma after eating so much deliciousness.
Woohoo! As good as it gets!. . To this establishment, first and foremost: thank you.  I had a special occasion that I wished to more than just celebrate -- I wanted to honor it.  Through every aspect within their power, their execution was flawless.. . It all started with communicating my intentions to one of the managers, whose information I took from prior review responses.  I figured if someone cared enough to write back to people, they might be the right sort to handle my requests with care.  I couldn't have been more right.  Laurent Ertle is the man I owe the uncanny success of the following.. . Through him, his suggestions, and his staff, when the night came, everything flowed effortlessly.  We pre-arranged the time and table to have, in my opinion, the best seats in the house.  The view and progression of the evening was marvelous.  A prepayment plan was set in place to avoid that awkward distraction at the end of the evening.  I was even granted the appropriate menus and floral piece for the table.. . After the warm welcome to our seats, the evening began with a cocktail.  Expressing an interest in St. Germain, our server when to ask the bar on specialties.  What returned was their version of a French 75.  A delightfully fragrant, subtly sweet, and slightly strong drink -- the perfect definition of a cocktail.. . Shortly thereafter, we were given a choice of bread to have.  While normally I would have picked a different bread to try each time around, I just couldn't get past having more of the wonderful french baguette -- rightfully so, considering the venue.  Then we were given a sample of gazpacho.  It was creamy and smooth being watery in neither flavor nor texture.  Thus it was obvious to me that the selection of vegetables, spices, and method was very deliberate.  To follow was an amuse bouche.  I had to ask the waiter twice what the trio was, and I still unfortunately forgot what they were exactly.  So instead of exact, I'll be broad: one was a fluffy, rich cheese-pastry; second was an oyster topped with caviar on a bed of black pepper and sea-salt; third was a mini quiche looking bite.  It succeeded in spurring my appetite for more.  For appetizers we ordered a corn soup and roasted foie gras.  The soup was the result of for some inexplicable reason that they don't serve french onion soup, which I would have considered a given.  Simple and tasty the soup was with a good marrying of ripe corn and hints of bacon.  The foie gras was luxuriously rich, and smartly paired with grapes and crisps for palate contrast and cleansing.. . Our main courses were the Aged New York Steak and Bone Marrow in a Cabernet Reduction as well as a Beef Wellington with Snap Peas.  I will say that my definition of medium-rare must differ from the kitchen's, but it's typically against my principles to argue with a chef's execution unless gross malpractice has occurred.  After just one bite, I forgot about any disagreement I might have had.  I was reminded that the quality of cut and preparation is at least as important as the method.  The marrow and reduction added a level of depth new to me with such a course.  The complex flavors still make me salivate at the mere memory of them.  The wellington was flawless in every way -- from presentation to indulgence.  The pastry shell advertised the culinary art contained.  It was flaky and refined.  Inside was a wonderfully tender, and expertly cooked, cut of beef.  More-so this course, I very easily would recommend it to anyone.. . Desert was a pair of souffles, that have to be ordered at the very beginning due to their complexity.  We had a gran marnier and pistachio.  Both light and delicious, which was the point of getting two.  I have to say I preferred the pistachio, but that is far from an easy decision to make -- I had to compare one to the other exhaustively.  The petit fours were simple treats of milk chocolate, fudge, white chocolate, or mango.  They definitely were unimpressive, but that's what happens when everything else was so far above standard.. . I had asked the photographer to return so that our photo would take place with the night lights of the Bellagio Fountains.  Not only did she, but she was enough of a perfectionist to wait for the exact right moment of the fountain show to snap the moment.  She also had our finished photo to us in what seemed like no time at all.. . A special note must be given to the server, Mario.  Not to be confused with the waiter (which for the first time for me, was not the same person).  He was an absolute pleasure to have around.  He was not only prompt and courteous in profession, but also charming and humorous in conversation.  It was the type of thing that beside all the foreign luxury we were surrounded in, there still was a sense of reality to ground the experience in memory instead of fantasy.. . I was denied the tower ride due to mother nature, but hopefully that will also encourage me to return again to at least shake Laurent Ertle's hand.
Amazing view- especially if you call ahead and tell them that you want the window seat. We got the set menu which was delicious. I preferred the steak over the fish, but still overall yummy.. . We had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains which was the best part of the whole meal.
Souffle magnificent!!!. Bartender Ridge was super professional and an outstanding bartender. . . The drinks:. * Pink Velvet $18 (4 of 5) - Grey Goose Vodka, Promegranate and Watermelon Liqueurs, Pineapple Juice, topped with Watermelon-Elderflower Froth. Light, refreshing, and yes, so frothy. Comes in a champagne glass, but worth trying. . . * Strawberry & Basil Mojito $18 (4 of 5) Bacardi Rom, St Germain Elderflower Liqueur, Strawverry Puree and Pucker, Fresh Lime Juice, Basil, topped with Soda Water. Fresh and delicious for mojito lovers. . . The souffles:. * Eiffel Tower Souffles $15 Chocolate (4.5 of 5) Delicious, but in comparison to the others, I guess this one has to be my second least favorite. Still delicious.... * Eiffel Tower Souffles $15 Grand Marnier (4.5 of 5) Delicious, but in comparison to the others, I guess this one has to be my least favorite.. * Eiffel Tower Souffles $15 Caramel (5 of 5) I just love caramel.. * Eiffel Tower Souffles $15 Pistachio (5 of 5) Surprisingly delicious and mouthfuls of pistachio. . . Dress code required, please check website. But no reservations needed for seating at the bar and ordering drinks and dessert. Restaurant menu is pretty pricey, but the dessert is oh so worth it. This is a must-go and a must-try for souffle lovers. Skip the restaurant ordering and go to the bar for just desserts. If you are lucky, maybe you can get a seating overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. It is a breath-taking show when you are looking over the Bellagio Fountain and eating your souffle at the same time.
Put this on your "bucket list".... must have Lamb Burger from Eiffel Tower restaurant @ Paris Hotel. . This lamb burger is the F'ing Bomb. So much flavor. For $16 , you get lamb burger with fries. Add a "coke" plus tax tip is $25 for the Lamb Burger Experience... Well worth it.. . There's a dress code. And you have to make your way through a casino. But the food is magnifique !. . Very Professional and courteous staff. Spectacular view
My husband and I decided on this restaurant to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary. Eiffel Tower Restaurant was going to kick off a spectacular night of good food, strong drinks, and luck at the poker tables...and it did just that; with style!~. . Upon entering the establishment, I was startled by the kitchen being right in front of me as I exited the elevator. This was interesting but it is very crowded and hurried when you exit the elevator so you dont really have time to take it in. . . The restaurant itself is much smaller than I imagined but in a good way. It is very romantic... We were seated promptly as we had a reservation. Our waitress was simply a joy and I truly enjoyed her presence throughout the evening. . . A server comes around and you get to choose your own bread; that was a nice touch and the server was very very friendly and attentive. I like the server nearly as much as I enjoyed the waitress. . . They bring out a complimentary amuse- I believe it was a calliflower soup?- It was served cold but it was absolutely delish! At that moment, I had full confidence that this dinner was going to be amazing! Did not disappoint~. . . My husband had the lamb for his entree and I had the halibut. I cannot speak about the lamb as I do not eat meat but my husband said it was cooked to perfections; which I guess is difficult to do with lamb. . . The halibut was to die  for but what I enjoyed more about that entree was the bulgar wheat. The restaurant called it couscous but I am quite certain it was bulgar wheat made into a splendid tabouli! I attempt to make tabouli all the time and it is quite difficult to make really well so I was very impressed! As a side dish we had the mushroom spaetzel?- To this day we still cannot figure out if we were eating mushrooms made to look like noddles or actual noddles that were mushroom flavored. It was truly bizarre but I loved it for being different (and super tasty) . . For dessert we have espresso and the Grand Marnier Souffle~ . . I dont think I have ever had Souffle before and it stole my heart! I probably would have choosen a different flavor next time as I do not think the Grand Marnier added much to it but it was cooked to perfection! . . My husband had a great idea that when the Bellagio water show comes on, the music in the restaurant should be timed to play the same music that is going on at the water show. I must say the water show does not leave as strong of an impression without the music to go along with it.  . . Pricey dinner at nearly $200 for 2 people but in my opinion it was worth every cent!
If I could give 6 stars I most definitely would. From the moment we walked in until we left 3 glorious hours later, the entire experience was the best I have ever at a restaurant. Laurent, the Manager, was exceptional and treated my entire party of 4 as if we were old friends. John Paul, one of the Captains, was friendly, informative and we had the best service any of us has ever had. This was a such a special evening and worth every penny we spent..and yes we did spend quite a few. This was so much more than a dinner out. John Paul was excellent in describing the dishes and made perfect suggestions from the wine to the dessert. We had lamb, duck and beef and all were prepared superbly and presented with style and class. We felt welcomed every moment we were there and without a doubt we will return. Far beyond superb. Thank you Laurent and John Paul.
For the MOST AMAZING romantic dinner experience, go to this restaurant!!!  They offer a stunning view of the Bellagio fountains, delicious food, and wonderful service! The restaurant is at the Paris hotel and offers a panoramic view of all the neighboring hotels and the strip, such as Planet Hollywood, Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Bally's, etc.  . . We called to make dinner reservations and found out that they could only guarantee window seating for 5:00 and 5:15 reservations during Fall. Window seating after those times was based on availability. (Note: Their reservations require a credit card.)  Taking our chances, we made reservations for 5:45 p.m. for an anniversary dinner celebration.  We were very pleasantly surprised when we were led to one of the coveted window tables directly facing Bellagio after we arrived for dinner.  We enjoyed a leisurely dinner - first admiring the beautiful sunset behind the Bellagio hotel and then watching at least five different water fountain shows at Bellagio after the sky darkened.  I have never watched the water show from up above and it was the most amazing sight.  . . The food was magnificent!  We had the beef wellington, the vegetarian crepe, a side of the potato croquettes and enjoyed the pistachio souffle for dessert.  The restaurant also gave us a complimentary chocolate mousse.  It was perfect.
I've been here three times now and still get excited every time.  Twice with just me and my fiance, at night, when it's nice and romantic (prices are higher of course and you have a full waiting staff which can be overdone) and once at lunch with my parents and fiance (much more relaxed during the day.. . . The food is delicious.  I've had two chicken dishes for dinner and one blt for lunch.  Food and experience is definitely worth the splurge.
Our one year anniversary dinner! Made reservation at 8, changed to 9:30, still requested a window seat with Bellagio fountain and strip views, host girl was so nice, gave us a window seat before 9:30, great job! I had a specialty cocktail at the bar, red velvet, it was so yummy! Sweet but strong, liked it a lot. . . I can't even describe how amazing the views were.... I had photos of that, please check them out! Our waiter greeted us very friendly, gave us wine list first, expensive bottles of wine, red, white, sparkling, I didn't see one bottle less than $70, we ordered bottle of champagne around $100, it was so good! We took time to look through the menu while sipping on our champagne. . . Their complimentary bread was a big tray, server carry it around for dining people to choose what kind of bread we want, they gave us a creamy soup as dipping sauce,  butter too. I didn't like the cold bread and soup, but it was a great dipping sauce, bread tasted so delicious with it.. . Our amazing food:. Trio of American Caviar, Golden Whitefish, American Sturgeon, Salmon Roe, 28 grams each, with Creme Fraiche, Chives, Blinis and Toast: they were heavenly delicious! Beautiful presentation! We enjoyed every single bit of it very much. . Cream of mushrooms soup, wild rice galette, crispy shallots: so delicious, soup was very flavorful. . Maine lobster salad, roasted butter squash, wilted kale, old cider vinaigrette: the kale was so yummy! The lobster was very tender and flavorful, loved loved it! . . Fricasse of escargot, sweetbreads, fennel, farm raised poached egg, Pinot noir jus: the escargot was so tender, but not very flavorful, the poached egg was perfect, I still loved it cause I wanted something light as entree for that night. . . Char broiled filet Mignon, red wine sauce: hubby asked for extra red wine sauce, he said the filet was one of the best he has ever had for a very very long time! He absolutely loved the red wine sauce!. . Gratinee creamed spinach and mushroom: too creamy to our liking, but still yummy. . We didn't order desert, the portions were really big for French cuisine! But the restaurant gave us chocolate mousse for our anniversary! They even put chocolate "happy anniversary" on the plate.... Aww... It was just too sweet and beautiful! . . I was so happy for our memorable anniversary dinner, with beautiful views from our seat, over the top service, tasty champagne, delicious food, what more could I ask?.... It was just amazing! $350 dinner was very well worth it..... . A perfect restaurant for romantic dinner date or special occasions!
I've always wanted to eat here all the times I've gone to the Vegas strip and was pleasantly surprised when I was taken there for my birthday!. . It was summer and extremely hot (109+ degrees) but slightly more formal attire was recommended.  We were in formal attire but later noticed that some were in business-casual attire.  There were still many in formal attire as well.. . The restaurant is located in the Paris Hotel/Casino.  There's an elevator that takes you from the casino lobby to the restaurant located in its "Eiffel Tower.". . We made dinner reservations and we got there a bit early so we went to the bar for a cocktail.  I'm not big on alcoholic beverages so I ordered the "Sparkling Passion."  I don't remember but it was a sparkling wine with orange juice and some kind of fruit puree.  It was very good!. . This was a few years ago so all I remember about the food was the complimentary cheese bread being probably one of our favorite dishes haha.  Our table had an amazing panoramic view of the Bellagio fountains.  It was really beautiful.  This is a great place to have a romantic dinner.. . Apparently, my significant other ordered a surprise delivery but it never got to the restaurant.  The manager at the time was apologetic and tried to make things right for us so we appreciated the good customer service.
Had company in town and a gift certificate I had won, so we went for Sunday lunch.  FABULOUS!!  Besides the awesome view, our service was wonderful, and the food....oh the food... it was DELICIOUS!!  We're still talking about the parmesan flan!!  We would love to cleanse our palate with that every day!  At first, we were skeptical, but one taste and we were hooked.. . Our server, Todd S., was very friendly and efficient.  He made sure we had everything we needed was able to describe the menu items with great detail - helping us throughout the meal.. . We tried the Seafood Salad, Crab and Avacado, Parmesan Chicken, and the soup.  The only minimal complaint was that the lettuce was cut too small.  Otherwise, everyone was happy with their choice.  . . Would definitely visit again!  Can't wait to share with more of our guests
Celebrated our anniversary here, made reservations and asked for a table with the bellagio fountain views. Hostesses were nice informed us it would be a few more minutes so we got a drink at the bar, very pricey drinks but they did have my favorite bleu cheese stuffed olives. Finally seated and they did honor my request for the fountain view, such a romantic spot. Our server greeted us an older gentleman but right away we could tell he was snobby and looked down at us since we were a young couple. Just brushed him off, for a starter we had the scallops, so delicious served with baby carrots and a  puree that I can't remember but oh man so good! For dinner I had the filet while my husband had the ny strip with bone marrow, to share we also ordered asparagus, mushroom & spinach along with pommes rissolees, these fried potatoes. Everything except the potatoes was delicious!  Just melt in your mouth delicious. Steaks were cooked perfectly, we were so stuffed. i dont know why my husband ordered a warm apple strudel because our server brought us an anniversary dessert which I noted in our reservations and we were in a food coma after that. I highly recommend this spot for a romantic dinner. Be prepared to spend some money but its worth every penny.
We had animpeccable experience shared with my family at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  Greeted by the friendliest GM Lyle, fabulous drinks poured by Keith, exquisite service by our waiter Michael and staff, complimented with the tastiest dinner AND the most gorgeous view on the Las Vegas Strip watching the Bellagio Fountains = bliss!  Thanks to all for a wonderful memory on a very special occasion.  Wishing you much continued success.
Get the souffle and the steak. Incredible and a beautiful restaurant.
I took my husband and some of his family here for a reunion meal, and everyone loved the experience.  Laurent, the restaurant manager whom I contacted by email before our visit, ensured that we had a fabulous window table with an awesome view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our wait staff gave us attentive, patient service.  And the chefs provided delicious meals.  My husband deemed his salmon with pinot noir sauce "the best salmon ever."  I was a huge fan of the Grand Marnier souffle and the expensive ($18) specialty cocktails.  Our four guests ordered versions of the filet mignon, and all seemed pleased except for the one who ordered her filet medium well (it was more well done, and therefore tougher, than she had expected it to be).  All of the sides (potato gratin, green beans, brussels sprouts, and mushroom spaetzle) were tasty.  The Maine Lobster salad was very good, though it's worth noting that it contained far less kale than I had expected, just a little taste rather than salad-like greens.  The meal was, of course, seriously expensive ($717 for the six of us, including tax and the mandatory 18% gratuity (the gratuity was, I assume, mandatory because we were a larger group)).  We knew that going in (the menu, with prices, is available on the restaurant's website), however, so we were not unpleasantly surprised.  If you can afford to ignore the cost, eating at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant at Paris Las Vegas is a fun, tasty, memorable experience (the views truly are unforgettable).
Ou la la, tres magnifique! The view alone will swoon you.  The service is near perfect.  The food was elegant and tres delicieux!  You will walk away thoroughly satisfied.. . The only complaint I could even mention is towards a patron who asked if this place served French cuisine.  Get out of here! :-P  . . To get to the restaurant, you must walk through the casino floor and find the Eiffel Tower elevator.  A staff member will escort you and voila.. . The service was magnifique from the start to the end.  As soon as you are seated you will be asked about beverage.  They will kindly recommend you some wine followed by a buffet of freshly made breads.  Yes, buffet! We went through a few rounds of them.  You get your classic baguet and couple of other delicieux homemade breads!. . As the Yelper I am, I had to take several pictures around the restaurant.  You could be seated anywhere and still have a spectacular view of the beautiful Vegas strip and surrounding.  Be sure to get a nice shot with the Paris Ballon in the background.. . THE FOOD. . Started off with a couple things actually.  First was this complimentary shot of something that reminded you of a bacon potato soup.  Tres bon! Second, was appetizer--a deliciously warm sweet glazed foie gras! . . For the main course, I savored every single bite of my nicely medium grilled NY-cut steak with glistening bone marrow accompanied with a side of pillowy soft mashed potatoes.  *food coma mode*. . Lastly, the Chocolate Souffle! They served it by pouring warm, melting chocolate into the souffle.  It was very moist and soft with a balanced sweetness from the chocolate.. . One thing I really appreciated was them filling your glass of water each time it was low.. . You might not be in the real Paris, but the experience here definitely made you feel like you were in the City of Lights.  Merci beaucoup Eiffel Tower Restaurant for a magical and elegant evening.
Fine dining with the best view of the Bellagio Fountains and Strip. Service is outstanding and food is worth the trip down for this local. You enter the elevator from the casino floor up to through the iron girders to be welcomed into the Chef's kitchen. They start you off with the lightest creamiest cauliflower mousse that just tickles your palette. Then fresh bread and the best butter ever made on earth come around. The filet mignon melts in your mouth accompanied by a perfect wine reduction sauce. The potatoes au gratin is delicious and good to share. The timing of the service is right on, not too long and not too rushed. Mention a special occasion and you will get a special dessert. Our fave is the smooth creme brulee that you won't find anywhere else. Then finish off with a delightful mini petit fours... I happen to like the passion fruit one.. A wonderful place to celebrate special romantic occasions.
We have been coming to Vegas for MANY years and finally got around to trying this restaurant. We are sorry it took so long! We only had lunch there but we were treated just as nicely as if we'd spent a lot more on dinner! From the very start when we were warmly greeted and escorted up the private elevator, to the beautiful table we were given right by the window, and the extremely attentive and friendly service, we really felt like valued customers. We really appreciate that when eating out in Vegas. The food was good but we felt it was almost secondary to the top notch service, presentation, and ambience of the place. Our server was very helpful with describing the specials and other menu items. He seemed to know a lot about the restaurant which came across in a very fun way, his pride was definitely showing! He even shared the recipe book with us, left it on the table for us to look at, but then did not try to "upsell" it to us, which we appreciated but were almost disappointed since it was a very cool book. We went back for it later, as we decided we needed to take it home as a souvenir. But that just gave us an opportunity to go back up there at night and check out the view then! And we were treated so nicely when we went back too. Thanks for giving us such a nice memory of this Vegas trip!
Spectacular view of Vegas Strip, Food and Service 5 Star!
Absolutely wonderful. Obviously expensive but worth every penny!
It's no secret that this place is good. I wouldn't expect anything less. . . From the moment your brought up in the elevator to the moment you head back to the hustle and bustle of the casino, you definitely are living an experience. . . Low lighting and a view that can't be beat, fine linens, and wait staff who attend to your every need, the Eiffel Tower is first class all the way. . . I selected their smoked salmon to start and I have never had a better piece of fish. Smooth, thinly sliced, and melt in your mouth buttery taste accompanied the onion, capers, and creme fraiche (not sure of my French spelling here) with several slices of perfectly toasted bread. I could have eaten a second plate and called it a meal. The capers were surprisingly delicious - not the over salted from a jar variety. . . Most of us selected their filet mignon, with several different toppings to choose from. I couldn't resist and chose the decadent Bernaise sauce. The steak itself was cooked to perfection and the interior was almost as buttery smooth as the sauce itself. There were a ton of sides passed around our table, but the winners were the potatoes gratin (perfect in their simplicity) and the mushroom spatzle (yes they eat German food in parts of France). . . Desserts probably deserve their own review, but to put it simply; save room and order a bunch to taste and share. The chocolate plate will leave any chocoholic in heaven. . . Pricey, but worth every penny.
One of my favorite restaurants in the world.. . I had been here a few times in the past and I have to say that every time was better than the last. . . I love the attentiveness of the staff, they really want you to have an outstanding experience. The food is out of this world. I always order one or two sides from the a la carte menu, not because I'm that hungry, but because it is all done so well. Much thought is put into the dishes and there is always a silence when anyone at my table took their first bite of any dish, followed by "Oh my god".. . I have been telling my wife all about the Eiffel tower experience and she is looking forward to trying it out too when we go to Vegas for our honeymoon.. . If you want to try an intimate dining experience with a fantastic view of the water show, and are a foodie, you have to pay the Eiffel Tower restaurant a visit.
We celebrated our anniversary here and were seated in a private corner table that overlooked the Vegas strip and the Bellagio.  During our dinner we were able to watch the fountain show at the Bellagio.  . . The service is first rate and the food amazing.  If you like souffle it's a must order for dessert.. . The atmosphere is beautiful with low lights, table lines and elegant dinnerware.. . Everything we ordered was excellent.
This is a long overdue review and I think this review would be the only review that I actually think I owed to Eiffel Tower Restaurant to write.. . My experience with the Eiffel Tower Restaurant began long before I even stepped foot in Vegas. I was going to Vegas with my then girlfriend for a weekend in late October 2011 and I'd decided to dine at this restaurant while I was there.  . . So in  late September of 2011, based on a lot of comments that I had read on Eiffel Tower Restaurant's page on facebook, I chose to send an e-mail to make the reservation to  the (I'm assuming) operating/general manager of the restaurant, Lyle Tolhurst, letting him know when I was going to be dining there and the preferred time of arrival (between 7 or 7:30 pm) and the seat location (by the window overlooking the Bellagio Fountains so we could watch the dancing water). I also informed him that this would be my first time in Vegas and I'm trying to have a memorable experience.. . Soon after, Lyle responded to my request suggesting that if I should move my reservation a little bit earlier to 6:30 pm. In his own words, "We are blessed with beautiful coral sky sunsets that fade into twilight and full darkness. If that appeals to you I would suggest a 6:30 reservation if you are not bowed in by other commitments."  I, of course, accepted his suggestion and made a 6:30 pm reservation for a Saturday night.. . Fast forward to the day of the reservation, me and the ex arrived promptly at the restaurant and we were seated by the window with an amazing view of the Vegas strip and the Bellagio. To our surprise, our table had rose petals on it. Not the fake kind but REAL rose petals! Our waiter came to introduce himself and made small conversation and asked us if we wanted anything to drink (other than water). After we placed our drink orders and we were looking over the menu, our waiter came back with a small appetizer sampler plate with I think three appetizers on it. Before I was able to say, "I didn't order this", our waiter explained that the appetizers were given to us compliment of Lyle.. . The steak that I had was great, I can't remember what my ex had but she loved it! The ambiance was nice, and the view was absolutely amazing. Lyle wasn't lying about the sunset. It was awe-some! Me and my ex had an amazing time while I was there. The only thing that I probably should have done is allow the camerawoman (there's one that offers to take your pictures with the Strip/Bellagio in the background) to take our picture. . . Also, you have to try the souffle. TO DIE FOR!!!. . If you're going to Vegas and you've never dined here. I absolutely recommend it. To get over the top treatment like I did, i would recommend e-mailing Lyle directly instead of making a reservation through a website like open table (which I normally use). I'm not posting his e-mail here but if you go to the restaurant's page on facebook, you'll find it pretty easily.. . I really couldn't ask for a better experience while I was here. I would rate this place higher than a five, but since five is highest then I guess five it is!
This is a "do not miss" spot. Having eaten in Paris on the "tower", we were excited to experience this Vegas style. We had a great meal , a great table , a great picture , and a top waiter (John Anthony) who artfully wound us through a terrific dining experience. Truly one of the best meals we had in Vegas, add in the view and this was magic. Thanks Eiffel Tower.
WOW!  This is one of the best restaurants in the world that I have been to in my 45 years!  From the moment you step off the elevator you know that you are in the right place.  The ambience and views are amazing.  The food is absolutely equisitie.  The staff is top-notch and very attentive.  This is on our must list from now on every time we are in Las Vegas.
Food HEAVEN. We celebrated a late Valentine's Day dinner here and it was well worth the wait and the 3,000 miles traveled! . . We had a fantastic view of the Bellagio Fountains, great service and extremely delectable entrees. Maine Lobster Salad, Aged New York Steak, Beef Wellington and various side dishes. Their Caramel Souffle is must have. . . To address the reviews that said portions were small - our portions were more than sufficient and perhaps you attended one too many buffets. . . We will definitely be back again when we return to Vegas!
"Spring" Restaurant Week 2013 finally gave me the opportunity to check out le faux Tour Eiffel. In my OpenTable reservation, I mentioned RW and the fact that I would like a seat overlooking the Bellagio fountains.. . Silly me. The fountains don't start up until 3pm. We did get our window seat, at least. Though I didn't check out the other side, I'm happy our table was along the window angled toward Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and the Paris balloon. The view was so enjoyable, we didn't miss the fountains at all.. . I suppose I should talk about the food. In a word, it was outstanding. They started us out with the amuse-bouche of the day. It was some sort of sunchoke mousse and it certainly amused my bouche. But the star of the meal for me was the beet salad. Easily the best beet salad I've ever had, the RW menu description reads, "Spring Greens, Smoked Candy Striped, Red And Golden Beets, Fromage Blanc." Delicieux!. . Not wanting to turn this into a novel, the main course ("Sauteed Veal Medallion, Green Pea Mousseline, Wild Forest Mushrooms") and dessert ("Mixed Berry Pudding, Strawberry, Blueberry, Raspberry, Framboise, Creme Fraiche") were also fantastic. Wait a second. Framboise means raspberry. Redundant!. . The wonderful setting and the fabulous food would be diminished if the service wasn't also impeccable. Our waiter knew we were there for RW and he was very knowledgeable about our meal. I chose to do the $16 wine pairing and I enjoyed his tidbit about Willamette Valley being the same latitude as the best pinot regions in France. Sure made that glass of vin taste just that much better. It was also a nice finishing touch as he brought out a selection of chocolates and candy. My choice of passion fruit jelly was delectable.. . Having been to la vraie Tour Eiffel, I've been skeptical about visiting the Vegas version. But this restaurant, with its romantic window tables, has made me a believer. I look forward to returning for dinner with the Bellagio fountains in full force.
I came to the restaurant as part of a Century 21 convention and awards ceremony for the first time recently.  I was amazed at the level of service particularly from a gentleman named Rodney Lennon.  He took the extra time to provide a true level of care and service and I look forward to returning with friends and family in the future.
Loved this place. Been there twice and food and service were fantastic.
Fantastic time. Great service great foot great atmosphere!  It was my wife and I's 10 year anniv and when we made the reservation at the desk, JP was very accommodating. He actually called me on my cell when an earlier time opened up because we were seeing the "O" show that night.  Great guy!!! We overlooked the Bellagio dancing fountains, such a great sight!
Came here for dinner on my first night in Vegas - what a treat!  We were seated right by the window and could watch the Bellagio fountain show throughout our meal.  It was a really cool view and the food/drinks were amazing.. . I had the braised short ribs - yum!  Bread was served while waiting via a guy walking around with a huge tray of a variety of breads.. . The drinks were to die for.  The pear vodka drink was so good that I tried to replicate it when I got back home.. . Service was impecable - they didn't rush you.  We stayed at our table for an after dinner drink which was very enjoyable.. . Awesome place...
You did it again! My wife and I had an amazing time here on our honeymoon.. . The staff were very attentive and friendly. We thoroughly enjoyed every item that was delivered to our table. I'm a scotch man, but I branched out and tried one of their cocktails. It was so good that I ordered the second one before the first one was even finished. . . We were offered a complimentary amuse bouche and at the end of our meal, a sorbet variety. Our favorite was the sour cream sorbet.. . This is by far the most romantic restaurant in Las Vegas. This place is worth the trip alone.
We felt like we were in Paris!!. . Had a window seat right in front of the strip overlooking the Bellagio Fountain show every 15 minutes :). . Food was amazing!!. . Must try the chocolate souffle!!
When my wife dragged me there I already had an opinion about the place. We all do that sometimes. I thought that this would be some kind of plastic replica of an "original" just to provide the right dose of entrainment to its customers just like most of things in Vegas. And I was OK with that. I was wrong. This is the definition of good craftsmanship - almost art. And we tried a lot from their menu. We purchased their Cookbook after that. We asked for the table at the window - overlooking the fountain in front of Bellagio. The greeting girl calibrated us from heads to toe and decided "these folks are not spending more than twenty bucks". I am not a good body language reader and I was still able to get that. Not exactly a poker face. How did someone like her got a job in place like Vegas? We had to ask for a manager and fight for that table.. Heavenly food is what earns them 5 stars.
I held a corporate event here this week - cocktail reception.  I can only say the best of things - they pleasantly surpassed all expectations.  The Left Bank Room had a great view of the Strip and Bellagio fountains below, the management and staff was more than professional/helpful, they did not nickel and dime us as other Vegas venues do, and the food was delicious - great compliments from all attendees on the hors d'oeuvres.
Amazing food and wine with a great view!  We have stayed at Paris before and have dined at this restaurant before but I just have to comment on it. The place has a great wine list with a sommelier that is very good recommendations. . . We had the seafood appetizer and it is worth the money. Yes it is a bit pricey, but this is not McDonalds. My husband got a filet with a truffle sauce that was out of this world. We are planning to go back just to get this entree. My food was amazing as well, and I feel that you just can't go wrong here. . . We recommend it for a very special romantic dinner.
Best filet mignon ever. Everything about this restaurant was amazing: the ambiance, the service, the view, but most of all the delicious cuisine. It is not cheap, but you get what you pay for. This is the kind of place you propose to someone... So romantic, so perfect, so Paris!
I LOVE this place. My husband and I visit every month or so for an amazing evening on the strip. The foie gras is seared perfect and always a generous portion is served. Opt for the tasting menu with wine pairing. Also this is the BEST souffle I've ever had - share a chocolate and pistachio with your date for the perfect end to a perfect meal! Yum!
Phenomenal view of the Las Vegas Strip in the Spring. The lunch time service was spectacular. My husband and I spent our anniversary lunch there. We were stopped in the Paris Hotel casino floor near the base of the Eiffel Tower Restaurant by one of the greeters. She was so kind to give us a look at the menu and give us details as to what to expect. She took us on a tour of the restaurant. The server greeted us as we entered and left the lobby greeter, I must say it was the smoothest transition and hand off ever. The server seated us by the beautiful window view. I don't know how she knew but she took our pictures for our anniversary. I will say, the Bellagio Hotel is the biggest view and attraction for people eating in the Tower, however, the water fountain show doesn't play M-F until after 3pm so don't be shocked there's no water show but it is still a beautiful view..    She was more than gracious to explain to us the menu and selections. The food was Deliciono. The servers were all so prompt, professionals and informative while still polite. The entire experience was awesome. Great place to eat at if you want fine dinning and stellar service. The prices are seasonable and affordable. .   I had a Salmon seared dish. Perfect!! My husband enjoyed a medium rare steak, Perfect!! A must eat location!!!!!!!!
Best meal of my life and worth every penny!! Fabulous wine recommendations by the sommelier. The blue cheese souffle is a must for an appetizer. I then had the duck breast for dinner which was everything I expected. What really stole the show was the pistachio souffle for dessert! Delicious!! Made my graduation dinner one I'll never forget.
Went here for Lunch during one of our random trip to Vegas. I seriously did not expect the food to be as good. You'd think that its a trap and that your only going to be paying for the SPECTACULAR view of the Bellagio fountains but we unfortunately were seated farther away from the fountains. :( . . despite my disappointment the food and the service more than made up for it. The chocolate souffle was to die for! Our waiter was prompt, polite and friendly and the wine pairings were on the spot delicious!. . All in all the place is beautiful and my fiance and I  definitely going back for dinner this June for our 8th anniversary. Its the PERFECT SPOT to celebrate and no other Restaurant will do. Hopefully we get window seats this time though, otherwise i think im just gonna cry. lol
My son and I dined at the Eiffel Tower last week. We arrived @ 1745 for a 1800 resv, made on line and were immediately seated. An early reservation allowed for a window table over looking the Bellagio water show.The sun was setting behind the Bellagio making it a perfect view for the water show. Our server ,John Figlietti, was a true professional. He was timely,observant,informative and personable. My son had the salmon, judging by his smile, left little doubt as to how satisfied he was. I had the NY strip which was a generous proportion and perfectly prepared, absolutely delicious. As the restaurant started to fill up @ 1900 we were ordering desert. We found the close proximity of the window tables to be a plus. It allowed for brief exchanges with our neighbors who were enjoying the views as well. The entire evening was a pleasure !
The view is unforgettable. The scallops are unbeatable.  Order the Banana Elysium for dessert, you'll never find more beautiful food.
My wife and I made the trek to Vegas for Memorial Day to celebrate an early anniversary.  Initially we had reserved at Picasso across at the Bellagio, but with the heavy traffic we were forced to find other options.  We've been to Vegas countless times so we finally decided to try the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  I have to say, it exceeded my expectations.  The dining room was a great rendition of those Parisian brasseries.  Although there were a few open seats that faced the window, the hostess could not accommodate us due to prior reservations.  We were pretty hungry so at that point, it wasn't worth the wait.  . . As it turns out, this was a bit of a serendipitous turn as we were waited on by one of the best waiters I've experienced in quite a while in Rodney.  From listening to our tastes, he was able to recommend us two delicious red wines that paired perfectly with the dinner selection that we chose. . . Before we even started, we were served a nice amuse bouche of chilled avocado puree.  It was a nice palate cleanser and a welcome bite after such a long drive in.. . Wanting to maintain that French theme, we chose the Fricassee of Wild Escargot, Potato, Sweet Garlic Souffle and the Roasted Foie Gras, Rhubarb Compote, Alsace Spice Croutons for appetizers.  Both were quite tasty with a nice balance of flavors.  The Foie Gras had a great compote that offset the richness of the foie gras itself.  Escargot is definitely an acquired taste, but that said, the fricassee was equally delicious over the bed of potato.. . In between, Rodney continually checked on us and talked with us like old friends that haven't seen each other for a long time.  . . The main course itself, we chose the Muscovy Duck Breast, Camargue Rice, Pistachio, Sauce Foie Gras and the Boneless Farm Raised Rabbit, Braised Carrots Confits, Mustard Jus.  Just delicious.  I looked for both of these entrees in Paris last fall and to my surprise, I just had to come to Vegas for some real French food.  The duck was perfectly cooked and the rice had a very pleasant hint of orange folded with it.  The rabbit itself was slightly crispy on the outside and the meat itself was quite tender.  (Those who have never had rabbit before, it tastes like chicken mostly but it does have another unique flavor to it)  In addition we decided to supplement with the potato croquettes and the gratinee creamed spinach and mushroom.  (We also learned from one of the French staff that croquettes are not French).  Amazing.  Slightly crispy on the outside and the middle is similar to a mashed potato texture, its something I haven't had before.  The only minus points were the creamed spinach was a little too oily for my liking.. . Save room for the souffle.  Its a can't miss.  We chose the pistachio (btw, i love all things pistachio - macaroons, froyo, etc.) but I can imagine the other flavors being just as good.  The dessert itself is quite light and the souffle itself has a texture similar to sponge cake.. . Afterwards, Rodney surprised us with a plate commemorating our 2nd anniversary with a chocolate mousse in the center.  At that point, I was quite full, but i did manage to get a small taste of it.  As with the rest of the meal, delicious.. . In closing, as someone who visits Vegas on a consistent basis, I look forward to celebrating our future events at the Eiffel Tower restaurant and would recommend others as well to experience the authentic French food and delicious desserts.
I brought my girlfriend here for our last night in Vegas and it exceeded both of our expectations. We got seated at a window facing the Bellagio fountains, the wait staff was attentive, the food excellent and the Soufle was out of this world.. . I had thought this was a typical Vegas gimmick restaurant and had ignored it until I read the reviews from Yelp and decided to try it. I am glad I did. I have found a new favorite place to eat when I have to go to Vegas. Thanks to the Yelpers who contributed!
Took my mom here for mother's day this year, around 7:30pm.  We didn't mind not being at a direct window table, so we were seated at a very nice booth that still had an awesome view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.  Mom had a great Singapore Sling (she hasn't ordered one of these in like 20 years), and  I had some ginger drink that was on their drink list - both tasty.  We just did dinner - she had salmon and I had filet - both were great (the filet was one of the best I had my whole time in Vegas and we ate at a lot of fancy places!).  If you are a dessert person, you really need to order the souffle - omg so tasty!  I had pistachio and mom had chocolate and both were amazing.  A bit pricy overall, but the view is outstanding and the food is terrific.
Best $350 spent, went here for my birthday dinner while I was in town. On my walk thru the hotel up to boarding the elevator, i was full of excitement. Reservations were made prior so I couldn't wait to see the positioning of tables, just as requested there was a table for two amongst the best seats in the restruant  by the windows which provided beautiful views that overlooked the strip and the Bellagio Fountains. The waitstaff was very attentive and the food was delish, I tried the lamb for the night. Although, I've never been to Paris it gave me a small taste of what's to come when I travel there next summer. Will totally go again in the near future. The whole experience was definitely worth it.
Food was great. They know how to cook a steak! Great views of the Bellagio fountains. Exceptional service.
Everything about the Eiffel Tower Restaurant screams high-end. You travel up a private, dedicated elevator 100-some feet above the strip to the restaurant. Upon entering the dining room (passing through some of the pristine food prep areas), I was struck by the LOOK of it all - the immaculate tables, all the customers dressed nicely, and of course, the view. Go at night, you'll be entertained by the Bellagio fountains all night. Both times I've been here, I was lucky enough to have been sat at the window and all night it wasa treat.. . I can't say enough about the food and service here. This is a "fancy" restaurant and they don't disappoint. Everything I've tried there was fantastic. I had beef Wellington and it was superb, and they gave a very generous portion, and was made perfectly. One in our party did have an issue with the dish he had (it was cooked too much), but once we mentioned it to our server, the problem and food were fixed immediately. . . Service is excellent and get top marks. Call ahead for reservations.
What a wonderful experience!!!. My bf and I came for dinner to celebrate my birthday early. Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite restaurant in Vegas but I might have to change my mind! The Eiffel Tower was incredible. We didn't have a reservation but had no problem getting a table. It was so nice to find a place that actually sticks to it's dress code. I hate being the only patrons dressed appropriately in an upscale restaurant. We were seated close to the window so we could see the fountains. It's actually pretty brilliant the way the dining room is laid out so everyone can get some sort of view. . Anyway, we started with the sea scallops which were divine! Cooked to perfection, melted in your mouth- but you are only paying for 2 so be aware. . Our server made great recommendations. My bf had the halibut and could not stop raving about the flavor! I had the red snapper and it was brilliant! I wanted to order more! Unfortunately the portions are a bit small for my taste but that was to be expected.. And now comes the best part of the meal....They have like 5 or 6 types of souffle! We opted for the pistachio souffle and I kid you not, IT WAS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER PUT IN MY MOUTH!. . Yes, this place is pricey but worth every penny! The service was great, the food was wonderful and the view unmatched. I recommend going around sunset and watch the strip come to life!
This place is great.  The smells, sounds, service, view, all combine for a perfect experience.  You very rarely eat at a place like this and feel full at the end, but I was.  . The elevator opening almost right into the kitchen so you begin the experience with those great smells was a good touch
This is only my 2nd review on Yelp but I think it's the least I can do.  I read the reviews for this restaurant and decided that this was the place for my wife and I to celebrate our 6th wedding anniversary, and I was not disappointed!  First of all, I have to thank Laurent, one of the managers, for the fabulous accommodations that he made for us which made it a little more special.  The view was amazing!  We had an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains.  The food was delicious!  I had the halibut and my wife had the filet, both were very good.  The amuse bouche and chocolate mousse were very tasty.  We topped it off with the chocolate souffle that was amazing!  The setting, service, and the view were top notch.  I definitely recommend this place for romantic or special occasion dining.  We had a great experience and will likely go again.
So if you're gonna do the whole "Vegas experience," you may want to include the Eiffel Tower Restaurant as part of it. . . My company held a dinner here in their private room. One pet peeve of the room is the huge column that divides the space, which can create awkward ducking or hitting your head. The private room does not have a greatview of the Bellagio fountains, but does have a nice view overall. . . There is a minimum you need to spend to reserve the room, not sure of the price, but price per person (sans vin) came to about $100 each, not including tax, tip and all those other extras that can get tacked on. . . The prix fixe meal started with:. . * Blue Cheese Souffle Pudding w/ Walnut, Pecan, Petite Salade - Interesting. Kind of like Boursin meets Jello. About the size of a small ramekin, it went well with a baguette. Great salad! . . * Tuscan Kale Salad w/ Door County Dried Cherries, Quinoa Croutons, Toasted Pecans - Okay, so technically one could call this gluten free! And the kale salad was a nice counterbalance to provide all the antioxidants one needs when in Vegas. Why do we have to know the cherries are from Door County? I don't know. Where is Door County? Again, I don't know. Very fresh salad, the tang of the cherries provided just the right "bite.". . * Sauteed Wild Salmon w/ Quinoa Summer Beans, Tomato, First Pressed Olive Oil - This is what I'm talkin' bout! Perfectly done, beautifully prepared salmon that melted in your mouth. Wild salmon can sometimes have a more "meatier" taste that farm-raised due to the lower fat content, but this was spectacular.. . * Eiffel Tower Classic Creme Brulee - La piece de resistance! Very large serving for a creme brulee - could be easily shared, in my opinion. No one could finish theirs. Loved the caramel decor that graced the top. . . All in all, it's a very romantic setting. Taking the elevator up makes you feel...special, for lack of a better word. Would I come again? Mais, oui!
Fine dining, rich and decadent food, gorgeous view... At its best!. . $40 champagne flutes, buttery potatoes, perfect filet mignon.. . The best seat at the house in the corner of the restaurant, Bellagio fountain, the busy strip full of lights, feeling you're on top of the world.. . As the elevator doors open, you have a view of the open faced kitchen, walk into the dim restaurant with a big bar to grab drinks while you wait. . . The whole experience was fantastic. Definitely a nice place for special occasions.
I can't even begin to describe how wonderful my experience was at this restaurant. I've been to Paris, and I've beento the top of Eiffel Tower, and although it is not the same spiritual experience I felt in France, it was still wonderful. My bf told me he got the recommendation from a guy he was sharing a poker table with as they were discussing french food. The guy told him he has taken his wife here every year for their anniversary. And let's just say after eating here, I really had to go back and re-evaluate all the 5-star places I've reviewed. I would never take back a star or anything but every venue after this has a standard to meet. lol.. . VENUE: . The restaurant is at the top of Paris Hotel and Casino, with amazing ceiling-to-floor windows that allow you to have a view overlooking the strip. We were taken up via elevator and once you first enter you pass the kitchen - all white tile, very French-looking kitchen. A bit tacky I thought at first, but on my way out, I realized how clever they were in doing that (it was probably unintentional but whatever), because as soon as you enter the dining area you are floored. The atmosphere is romantic and intimate. Perfect place in Vegas date night/dinner so make sure you take someone on whom, you find worth spending the money. Go during the evening - after 8 PM when the Bellagio does its fountain shows every 15 minutes you'll enjoy the view. Overall we spend ~$250. Worth every penny...that the bf spent. . . FOOD/DRINK:. DRINKS:. I started off my evening with the house Bordeaux. Now, I'm not a sommelier and I don't think myself a vino or anything, but I thought this red was delicious. The server told me it would be dry, but I didn't find that to be the case at all. When I think of dry I think of Merlots but this was fantastic. The bf got their (the name escapes me) drink with the raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries in it. It was delicious and is served with a spoon so you don't have to worry trying to tilt the glass upward at the end to get the fruit.. . APPETIZERS:. Roasted Foie Gras, Marinated Grapes, Julienne Crepes: Oh my goodness. For such a tiny portion, it sure packed a punch. It was PHENOMENAL. The pate melted in my mouth and also went well with the bread that served.. . Rack of Lamb, served Medium: Oh lawd. Delicious. Tender, juicy meat that literally fell off the bone once you put your fork in it. . Beef Wellington, served Medium Rare: Let me tell you, I've had some pretty darn good beef wellington in my life and this was scrumptious. The beef was also tender and juicy and the pate surrounding it was a great seletion. . DESSERT:. . Strawberry Souffle. I can't even. It wasn't super sugary sweet which I loved. The flavors of the strawberry really came out, and eventhough I was STUFFED by the time dessert came out, I didn't feel guilty eating the souffle at all. The texture was marshmellowy but didn't feel heavy at all. It was amazing.. . SERVICE:. We were orginially sat at a table to the side of the restaurant but wanted a better view of the Bellagio (who wouldn't?) and asked to be moved. The hostess was accomodatnig and understanding and were re-sat in a matter of 5 minutes. Not bad for a 7PM, Saturday night reservation. We sprung for the photo - and although I feel bad for the other yelpers that got blurry ones, ours came out really well. And being a photo whore, the photogapher let me review what she had taken and took a few to make sure I was satisfied. Our server was funny and helpful and courteous. He made sure to ask us about dessert before our entrees came out - which was mindful since we had a 9:30PM show to catch. We took our time and paid with minutes to spare as we walked to the Monte Carlo afterwards.
My husband and I came here after we eloped back in November. I'm not sure if it was the high of just getting married (and the bottle of champagne we had before), but this place was PERFECT.. We tried to eat at the steakhouse at The Cosmopolitan, but it was PACKED and the music was so loud we couldn't hear each other talk. . So we went over to Paris and we didn't have to wait long. The service was awful. Pretentious (though not shocking) and stuck up. We wanted to sit by the window, but they said it was reserved. There were four empty table by the window, none of which filled up the whole time we were dining.. . Nonetheless, we didn't let it kill the mood. We ordered a delicious bottle of pinot noir (I forget which) and ordered the blue cheese souffle. It was AWESOME. So light, yet incredibly flavorful at the same time. . . Dinner: I had the NY Steak with cranberry/bone marrow sauce on top. Seriously the best steak I've ever eaten in my life. It may have been the best meal I've ever had in my life. It was juicy and flavorful, perfectly cooked. My husband had a filet mignon with foie gras w/truffle oil. He raved about his meal too (I thought mine was better though).. . All in all, the service got a dismal tip (my husband wrote a note on the receipt) but the meal was amazing and memorable!
Great food and service, a must try at least once, the Souffle is a must. The view is great, request a window table. Be prepared to spend $200 plus before tip.
WOW!!! The New York Strip steak was so good it melted in my mouth!! When we got there they had our reservation ready and we got seated right away. We sat by the window and had an AMAZING view of the Bellagio hotel and the water show. . . My fiancee got the filet mignon and it was also really tender and juicy! We ordered the creamed spinach and  parmesan asparagus which were sooo good! . . Dessert was my favorite part, which was creme burlee and caramel souffle which you have to order early so they can bake it to perfection. Suuuuuch a romantic spot with such great food. I'm definitely coming back here when I'm back in Vegas!
Favorites were the amuse bouche and scallops
My wife and I spent our 10 year anniversary here. 10 years prior this is the location I chose to propose so it held great meaning to us to return 10 years later. I came by before they were open and the maitre d' and manager were more than accommodating to my requests for a very special evening. I was able to have confidence in the staff to handle my wife's surprise anniversary ring with confidence. The meal was executed expertly. The one thing that I can say that had a slightly negative impact on me was the fact that I said a personal all time high for the amount of money I spent on a single meal for just two people. Spend more money on this one meal then most people spend on food for several months. The reason it doesn't lower the star rating is because I did that to myself. I figured you only have one 10 year anniversary and might as well do itbig.
Truly a five star experience. . You get a view that can't be beat. A clear view of the Bellagio fountains. A dinner and a show!. The service is impeccable. Our waiter Stefan was fantastic. He had a great sense of humor, always kept our water glasses full and extremely quick. We  hit a  few snags which he handled with extreme grace. This is the kind of service I expect at a nice restaurant. . The food was great. Beautifully plated and oozing with tastiness. From the lobster salad to the duck to the dessert, everything exceeded expectations. . It is very pricey so make sure you win big and treat yo self.
A five star restaurant!. Make sure 2 bring your jacket - there's a dress code. The service was absolutely great! The food was just more then amazing -- I got the lamb it was just melting in my mouth!!! I strongly recxommend this restaurant especially if u have some anniversary or bday. Make sure you reserve a table, they r busy on some Friday and Saturday nights and u wont get a window table with an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains. Its a great place to go relax, have some great food and feel special!
First of all, I liked the service! Their staff was so nice and friendly. Our waiter was so funny, I liked his sense of humor!!!  He really maid our evning!!! Unfortunatly, I don't remmeber his name :(  The main cours was ok! But the dessert "Crea- brulee" was amasing! . I feel that this is good place for family dinner! . And also the view is beutiful!
Came here for our three anniversary. Great service and even better food. The view is spectacular!
All the hype about this restaurant is true.  The views leave you speechless.  The waiter and all staff very pleasant and on their toes.  Food was excellent at lunch.  Take someone there for lunch and they will be very impressed.  Only negative is that there were some guests that were truly dressed inappropriately in way too short jean shorts.  Looked tacky in such a nice setting.
First and foremost, the food was absolutely amazing. My husband and I have had many meals in many restaurants each time we come to Vegas and this is one of, if not THE best places we have been. We couldn't have asked for better service or a more gorgeous view. . I had the warm lobster salad and it was insanely delicious. We ended our meal with a perfectly prepared pistachio souffle paired with a tawny port wine. I wanted to put our waiter in my will for recommending the port wine pairing for the souffle. Yes! It was that good! I am already looking forward to our next visit.
While visiting Paris I noticed that the Eiffel tower restaurant offered some very tempting food and desserts. After getting my group together we realised a couple of us did not fit the dress code. No problem they have pants and jacket available. So after a quick change we were having cocktail by a table near the window. From time to time you can see the water and lights show across the street at Bellagio. The service here is superb. I ordered the beef wellington. It took about half an hour which we knew but it was well worth the wait. It was absolutely delicious. For dessert I ordered the Grand Marnier Souffle. This too took some time but it was incredible. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be dining here again.
I've had special team business dinners here the past two years at our conference. Both times the service was amazing, and the food is to die for. Plus, this restaurant really does have one of the best views on the strip.  It is expensive, of course, but if you are going to splurge on somewhere expensive, choose here!
Had lunch here a few weeks ago as an anniversary gift for my parents. It was our first experience here, and what an experience it was!. . I made reservations which I quickly realized wasn't necessary when we got there, the place was mostly empty on a Thursday. Unless you are a VIP, lol, only 2-person tables are up against the windows. For larger parties you have to sit more towards the middle of the restaurant. The view isn't bad though, just not as good. But what a view, we even stayed long enough to see the Fountains at Bellagio show. . . Our server was extremely friendly and helpful to us. We began lunch with the Cheese Fondue with Poached Egg. This was so delicious!! We regularly have fondue, but have never tried it with an egg. Note: The bread that comes with the fondue was oily/buttery so if you don't want that make sure to ask. . . They give you a small cup of soup to start off the meal. I can't recall what it was but it was definitely tasty. They also served us various breads as we awaited our entree. The one I remember most had tons of peppercorns on it, so obviously a little spicy, not my favorite.. . I was treating a few others besides my parents and at a place like this sometimes you let your wallet choose your entree. So sadly I went with the Burger. The Burger was fine but not the best on the menu. They will look at you weird if you ask for traditional/american mustard too. What can I say, I don't like that french dijon stuff. My mom was raving about the Sea Food Salad she got!! She told me to make sure and recommend this in my review, lol. . . We had a few mimosas to go along with our meal. Not the best I've had, and definitely on the strong side. I think its great OJ that makes a great mimosa not pouring heavily on the champagne, but you won't catch me complaining to much there.. . We decided to skip dessert, but as a gesture they brought my parents out a small dessert plate with candies and chocolates on the side for the rest of us. They looked very happy to eat it!. . Overall a great experience along with quite possibly the best view of the strip from any restaurant around. Food and service is top notch.. . They aren't affiliated with the rewards card used by The Paris Hotel, so sadly you can't collect any rewards points here :(:(:(
Our waiter was wonderful. Make sure you ask for the Bellagio fountain view! I had the filet mignon with parsley garlic butter and it was just cooked so perfectly and very flavorful. The lobster salad didn't wow me too much though. Very romantic atmosphere and great menu selections.
So this review is a tad late, but still holds true I'm sure. The meal I had here was hands down one of the best, if not maybe even the best (or maybe I'm just saying this cause I can't afford to eat like this anymore since I moved to Europe) meal I've ever had. You can't get foie gras in California anymore, so of course I had to go with the legit tournedo rossini, which was pretty much, and I don't know if I've ever used this word in a review, probably not on Yelp at any rate, orgasmic. Yes, orgasmic people, I said it. It was melt in your mouth, and the textures and the flavors, me oh my. The foie gras was velvety and a great contrast to the tenderness of the filet. I don't think I even used a knife, didn't have to, I kind of just sliced through with my fork because it was like butter.. . I also splurged, cause I like to go big on vacation and this was one of my last meals in the states, on the raw seafood platter. Yes it will break the bank, but again, so fresh and so clean. The lobster tail, crab legs, oysters and mussels, basically tasted like they had just been caught and brought to your table in under an hour, which we all know in the middle of the desert, wouldn'tbe possible, but my taste buds enjoyed thinking that it was. . . Very pricey, but you know what they say in Vegas (well other than the thing about blackmail fodder staying there, cause with facebook I think they had to scrap that particular ad campaign) go big or go home!
My first Yelp review, and long overdue!. . Me and my now fiance had a spectacular dinner here on 8/20/2013 to celebrate our engagement.  I arranged a special dinner & evening out with the Restaurant Supervisor Lyle Tolhurst and Restaurant Director of Special Events Annie Kang-Drachen.  They came thru for us big-time!. . I didn't actually utilize their "proposal package" per se, as I had already popped the question a little over an hour beforehand during a rather elaborate day of events... but Annie did arrange for several elements of their proposal package to be included with our dinner "package".  [customized menus printed, flowers for the table, pictures, tour to top of the tower and the 2 hour limo tour after dinner]. . As far as the food: We started with a caviar course and enjoyed a bottle of Dom.  We did the full tasting menu with wine pairings for dinner and ended with a couple of souffle's.  I did the chocolate souffle and my bride-to-be the pistachio souffle. EVERYTHING we ate was spectacular!!!!!  I am not a fish fan, but the halibut that came as one of the courses in the tasting menu really was a to-die-for dish! . . Service:  We were treated like a king & queen!  I couldn't have asked for anything better.. all of the restaurant personnel, from the waiters to the photographer were first class.. . View & Atmosphere:  We were seated at the special corner table you see in all the pics.  It was special.. It was awesome!  . . Gripes: I really only have one.. and that is the markup for the champagne was atrocious by even Vegas standards.  But with that being said.. would I pay it again there? YUP!  . . Excluding the price of the champagne ($510 for 2002 bottle of Dom), I found there to be wonderful value to the rest of the meal.  I don't mind paying for service and quality.. and that is exactly what we got!!!!  . . I really can't recommend this restaurant enough.. especially if you are celebrating something special.  My fiance and I have actually decided to go back to Vegas to get married.. and we are going to be including the Eiffel Tower Restaurant in our wedding plans!
I received a Lettuce Entertain You gift card and had been planning to use it here and I was surprised by how many people tried to talk me out of it and into dining at Mon Ami Gabi.  I stuck to my plan because a souffle from the Eiffel Tower Restaurant was on my bucket list and I had been waiting a LONG time to try this food!. . We had a 7:30 reservation and arrived a little early.  They seated us at 7:30 and as we walked across the restaurant I was a little worried that we were going to the back, but no, we were seated in a great window table for two with a view of the Bellagio Fountains.  The view was awesome.  Good thing because we were there for some time!  This is somewhere you come for a long luxurious meal, if you are in a hurry, you might consider McDonalds.. . Our server and busser were friendly and professional, with the busser a little more attentive than the server.  Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and helped me make my decisions.  I was torn between the baked herb crepes, the moroccan chicken and the arctic char and our server suggested the arcticchar very highly.  I'm not a huge fan of cooked fish, but I decided to step outside of my comfort zone and I'm glad I did!  My arctic char was cooked rare, which I liked and was served ona bed of roasted beets and some pistachio crumbs.  The only thing that would have made it more delicious would have been if the pistachios were a little heavier.  I barely tasted them.. . My husband had the roasted chicken with Moroccan spices and apricots with quinoa pilaf and I tasted that, too and it was DELICIOUS.  I would totally order that - the flavors are fresh and bursting with tangy-ness.  . . We were happy with the drink selections as they serve Stone beers and they had my favorite champagne, Nicolas Feuillatte Brut.. . You can select what type of bread you want from a tray with a small selection of different types of breads carried by the busser.  I had a baguette and then another piece of softer white bread, and he brought big pats of butter.. . For dessert, I finally got to have my Chef Joho souffle, but I wasn't prepared for so many choices!  I was tempted to go with pistachio, but I ended up selecting Grand Marnier for my souffle flavor and it was delicious.  The souffle itself was soft and pillowy and the sauce made it sweet and custardy on the inside.  It was heaven and even though I've checked this off my to do list, I have to go back for more.  It's that good.. . I am now accepting gift cards if you would like to help a poor girl return to a fancy restaurant.  We actually did pretty good and our meal was only $130 + tip.  I could see how you could spend much, much more, but we left satisfied and happy.
To synopsize: .   This is five star- but not 100% perfection (I have yet to find that anywhere).  Food was a 9/10, view was a 10/10, service was a 9/10, location was 10/10, drinks (Fall in Paris or something) was an 11/10, and I had a great time.  Portions were not as small as in fancy restaurants and for the price ($300 for two with two cocktails, two appetizers, and two entrees), the experience cannot be beat in Las Vegas.  Ask for a seat overlooking the fountain, it was seriously breathtaking!
This Eiffel Tower has everything you would want in a romantic dinner in Vegas! When you take the elevator up you are greeted upon exit just in view of the tone setting, fast paced kitchen. As the host immediately guides you in dinning room you receive an eyeful of the beautiful Bellagio waters! The view is amazing from anywhere in the house! Along with the view the food is just as satisfying! The tomato soup is a great start! Steaks are this restaurants know specialty but the Halibut with bacon is as delicious. With special packages available for all occasions, The Eiffel Tower restaurant is one of the most exciting and romantic ways to start a night out on the town in Vegas!
Ugh, I left a Review and took Pictures at this place and some how YELP has lost it or something did work the way it was supposed to but..... . This place is amazing, Love the view, The food and the service. I had the entire dish in the I Phone Review now it is gone and the servers name ...UGH, Disappointing and the view.. . I definitely love this place and recommend it highly.
Great meal carpaccio was delicious, steak was cooked perfectly and juicy and duck two ways was superb. One of the best creme brule desserts and you can not beat the view it is a lovely dining experience. It is expensive, but food and service are worth it.
This is the five star restaurant that I will  base all my ratings from now on. I will not be giving out many 5 star ratings because there can be very few equals to this experience. Make reservations in advance and ask to be sat at the windows facing the Bellagio. This restaurant is about 6 floor up from street level so that you will have an amazing view of the fountains as they show every 20 minutes. The food and service exceeds the view. You feel well taken care of from the minute you check in for the private elevator, through the reception desk and to your seat. The food had us moaning much like Meg Ryan in "When Harry met Sally". Kale salad, Lobster Bisque, Filet Mignon, NY Strip steak. Pre dinner complimentary cold cream of celery soup and post dinner complimentary petite fours. Served impeccably by an attentive but not intrusive staff. . Men must wear a jacket  and collared shirt if you don't have one they will loan you one. Be prepared to drop $250 minimum and more likely $300 plus for 2 people. It is worth it..
The rack of lamb was great!  Also, the view from where we were sitting was breathtaking! The Bellagio fountains, the Bellagio sign just everything...it was my anniversary and I'm so happy that we went to this place.  The staff were attentive to every need. ;-)
First things first, this place is pricey! So if you are looking to only spend $40 on two people, stop right now! You're in the wrong town for that, this is Las Vegas.. . This place is amazing! You definitely have to make reservations, but it's worth it! The food is heavenly! I went here with my girlfriend (her first real time in vegas, so I had to make sure her first dinner here was memorable!) and we both loved the food! I had the Beef Wellington with mashed potatoes, and she had the Salmon with mashed potatoes. Both dishes were perfect! The souffles were absolutely amazing and are highly recommended!. Most of all, the service and atmosphere is extraordinary! You get to see the Bellagio water fountain from your seat, and the service is amazing! It's like they are always there to fill your drink. Hell, they clean your table with a knife! Who the hell does that? Well, these guys do and you definitely feel super human when you eat here!. By the way, in case you're wondering how much a typical meal for two would be here...i'd say on average it'd be $150. In my opinion, worth every penny!
Absolutely PHENOMINAL! We celebrated our Anniversary there last night before seeing the Beatles LOVE. Beginning to end was fabulous. The service was OUTSTANDING and our Captain was maybe the best I have ever seen. When we return to Vegas....the Eiffel Tower we will definitely dine at again
Some people are just so nonsensical. Usually I find it difficult to give 5 stars to a business that keeps their prices out of reach for middleclassmen like myself but it would seem almost criminal to do so in this case. The service was so superb and outstanding I felt like I left w a new group of friends that I will visit every 3-4 yrs from here out. The view of the strip and the fountain show is unparalleled and the food is better. You like Foie Gras??? How about 4 different options?!! Souffle? Taste the rainbow, they have six different flavors!
Service top notch! Attire is slacks and a dress shirt for men and women dressy. Get there early and request a window table facing waterfalls! Had the seafood appetizer and it was perfect. We ordered the duck, the lamb, rabbit and the filet mignonette and every plate was amazing. Several rounds of cocktails and the souffle for desert Definitely not cheap. $625 not including tip. If you like fine dining ad great food go!
I'm never disappointed when I come here. My family and I always squeeze in a visit every time we go to Vegas. The service is always excellent. . . FOOD. My favorite is the rack of lamb. It is superb. It is seasoned perfectly and it melts in your mouth. I always struggle with going with the usual lamb or choosing another equally great dish.. . You can never go wrong with the surf and turf. You get to enjoy the best of both worlds by eating steak and lobster in one meal.. . The seafood platter is our usual choice for an appetizer. I like it because there's no smell of seafood and their variety of sauces are perfect.. . MUST try the souffle. I tried their chocolate, caramel, and strawberry flavors. I love it because it's always picture perfect, has the right amount of fluff, and is not too sweet.
The most romantic restaurant in Vegas!!! Do make a reservation. This is the place to go if you are taking a special somebody to fine dining or just a bunch of girls trying to have a good time. Do dress to impress. My fav dishes are the lamb something and the duck dish ( sorry forgot the name)& the highlight of the meal would have to be the souffle!!! Omg amazing! I've tried the chocolate and green tea. I liked the chocolate for its rich and creamy flavor. Must order it if you have a sweet tooth like me. Reminder:souffle takes time to be made so make sure the waiter/tress knows in advance ;) don't forget to snap a picture on your way out like a tourist.
Great service, with a fantastic view and ambiance. The lobster salad was perfect. Every ingredient complimented the dish very well. It was certainly tantalizing to our taste buds. We also had the duck and beef Wellington plate, as well as green beans and potato croquette for our sides which were all extremely well prepared as well. Jon Paul took very good care of us. He was personable, attentive, and good at anticipating needs in advance. He also gave us a complimentary anniversary dessert that was nice and a very good ending to our meal. This was my third visit here, and they never cease to impress. I am a Vegas local, so I'm sure I will be making another trip soon.
I have to admit that I was ready for cheese, and not the classy fromage, French kind of way. However, there was nothing in the least bit tacky or cheesy about the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.. . The elevator ride to the restaurant builds anticipation and a pristine, gorgeous open kitchen done up in white and copper greets you as you step off the elevator. Delicious smells and pastries on display hint at a delectable meal to come.. . The atmosphere is perfect-moody reds and low lighting with spectacular views of the strip. Making a 5pm reservation guarantees a table near the windows, and the view of the Bellagio Fountains doing their choreographed dance was a reward for eating on the senior schedule (Though the 5pm timing did work perfectly in that it allowed for us to make Le Rev at 7pm at the Wynn without breaking a sweat). Seeing the fountains from above, in my opinion, was even more impressive as one could perceive the pattern of their movement in a different way.. . The service was also stellar. Our waiter was attentive and present without being distracting or overbearing. He asked immediately if we had time constraints and worked to get us out with plenty of time, offering the souffle up front to ensure it was ready on time (I imagine they do this across the board, but I was psyched that he asked because I would have otherwise).. . And the food....Oh, the food! I typically do not eat much bread (Nutritionist, endurance events, blah blah), but the baguette was well worth the splurge. It was just the right amount of sweet, was perfectly soft and yet flaky all at once. I'm not sure I've had better bread in France! The hubby, who is typically even more nutrition conscious than I am, had two slices!. . I had the New York Steak and would have eaten every last bite, were I not saving room for dessert. It was the most perfect medium-well I've ever had, and the truffle sauce made it all the more delicious. I also sampled the crispy potatoes and the brussels sprouts. We joked that the potatoes we "tots for grownups" as they had a perfectly crispy shell but were the consistency of mashed potatoes inside. We may or may not have fought over the last one.The brussels sprouts, while not gaining points for health due to the fact that they are sauteed and served with bacon, were magically delicious. . . The souffle was also perfect. We went with pistachio, which is certainly an unconventional choice, but it was remarkable. The nutty flavor of the pistachio balanced out the sweetness of the souffle. The Eiffel Tower Restaurant is certainly a slice of la bonne vie.. . One item to note: If you're male, make sure you're wearing a collared shirt. I had a great time picking on my husband who elected to wear a swanky sweater without a collared shirt and was asked to borrow a jacket to wear.
Out of all the Meals that I had here in Vegas this was my Favorite, it was my first time eating in a French Restaurant. We were gonna dine at one of the most fanciest Places in all of Las Vegas, It was me, My dad, Mike and his wife Martha, Joe and his wife Deb (Joe treated everyone to dinner) and Paul and his wife Linda (a table of 8). Located on the 11th Floor of the Paris, we took the Elevator up and when we walked in we saw the Kitchen Staff hard at work preparing Dinner then we saw this big Extraordinary, Elegant Room and you get a nice view overlooking the Bellagio Fountains outside. . We sat down and while making our decisions for Appetizers were treated to a lovely Amuse-Bouche (French for Amusing the Mouth, to wake up your Palate, with a bite-sized appetizer) It was a shot glass filled with Celery Root Mousseline (Mousseline is a creamy soup-like sauce when you fold Whipped cream into Hollandaise) It was topped with some chopped Celery for some Texture (A nice way to start the meal and to wake up the Palate). For my Appetizer I got the New York State Foie Gras which was sitting on a Crispy Alsace Spice Cake with Quince Compote and Petite Mache (Foie Gras, which is what I call meaty butter, melts in your mouth, Quince a tart Fruit, similar to a pear in Appearance but has the Similar taste and texture to an Apple, Spice Cake was a nice crunchy little wafer spiced with cinnamon and Mache a leafy green that has a nutty flavor, it was Awesome). . . My Dad got the Lobster Bisque with Lobster Flan, Celery and a Brioche Crouton (Rich, Smooth Creamy Soup with a Flan in the center made from Lobster Stock, you get some crunch from the Celery, and then you take a bite of that Crispy Brioche Crouton, its Spectacular). Everyone else at the Shared 2 Different Salads, The 1st one was a Tuscan Kale Salad, Door County Dried Cherries, Cherry Tomatoes, Quinoa Croutons, Toasted Pecans and finished with a Balsamic Vinaigrette (So much going on in that Salad, Crisp, Earthy Kale, Sweetness from the Cherries, Tartness from the Cherry Tomatoes, you get Crunch from both the Croutons and Pecans and you get Acidity from the Vinaigrette). The 2nd one was a Non-Traditional Caesar Salad with a Dressing made from Anchovies, Capers and Garlic (I honestly don't know what was Non-Traditional about that Salad and I thought the dressing was a tad bit too Salty for my Taste). . For our Drinks, while everyone else was mostly having Red Wine or Chardonnay, Me and Martha partook in one of their Signature Cocktails: The Eiffel Affair (Consisting of Blueberry Vodka, Creme de Cassis, Cointreau, Rose Nectar, some Champagne for that Fizzy and Bubbly Effect and topped off with some Fresh Berries). . For our Entrees: I had The Rabbit with Braised Carrots Confit and Mustard Jus (My first time eating Rabbit, so moist and tender like Chicken, Bite from the Carrots and Sweetness from the Mustard Jus, They use Dijon Mustard). My Dad and Paul had the Pan Seared Pork Chop with Spiced Braised Apples and with a Calvados Sauce (Juicy Pork, the Apples go so well with Pork and the Calvados Sauce was sweet Tasting, Calvados is an Apple Brandy), Mike got the Roasted Rack of Lamb with Tomato Tart and Tarragon Jus (The Bones were Beautifully Frenched ), Martha got the Red Snapper with Razor Clams, Fingerling Potatoes, Tomato Confit and finished with a Shellfish Bouillon (The Fish had a nice Crispy Skin), Deb and Linda had the Roasted Chicken with Apricot, Quinoa Pilaf and Moroccan Spices (I love Roasted Chicken, so flavorful). Joe got the Char Broiled Filet Mignon with a Truffle Sauce (his was the most Expensive)..  Then we Ordered Dessert: I got the White Chocolate Banana Elysee (It was named after a Building in France, It was sliced Bananas and White Chocolate Disks stacked on top of each Other surrounded by a Moat of a Chocolate/Vanilla Sauce Mixture and at the top there be a little ball made of Caramelized Sugar, Normally I don't eat bananas but this was so damn Good, it was the most stunning Dessert I've ever eaten, it looked like a spaceship and boy did I take it to my Leader, My Stomach), Mike and Martha got the Chocolate Hazelnut a la Parisienne with Vanilla Ice Cream (It resembled a Bear Claw, Mike and Martha seemed to enjoy, but I thought it was bitter and after 2 Bites I couldn't take anymore), Joe and Deb got the Raspberry Napoleon with a Vanilla Blanc Manger and Red Fruit Sorbet (Stacked Beautifully) and Paul and Linda got the Classic Creme Brulee (A bit of a Cliche). . . Everything was Amazing, but I had to delete the Pictures that I took here due to the Flash on my Camera not working so after calling the Restaurant a couple times (10) Linda (one of the Hostesses) and Sharon (one of the General Managers) were kind enough to help me out and to email me the Pictures. Also more thing my dad says you should adjust the lighting cuz it was very dim to him. I really had a nice time here, I'll be sure to come here again the next time I'm in Vegas !!!
I have now eaten here twice and both times my experience was fantastic!!. . To start: if you come here, be prepared to spend a good chunk of money... especially if you plan to have any wine.  . . I think the prices on the wine list is what really made me want to run out backwards, but the quality of wine is absolutely fantastic!!  Not sure if the wine we had was really worth the $120 a bottle, but it's one of those special occasion/once in a lifetime meals.  And the wine was phenomenal and didn't give me a headache the next day :). . The food is absolutely amazing!! Get anything on the menu.  It doesn't matter.  It will knock you off your feet!  I love the amuse-bouche that is included with your meal.  . . The service was impeccable, as was to be expected.  I liked the pace the wait staff made the dinner flow: not too fast, not too slow.. . Make sure to get the chocolate souffle!! You will thank me later.  I've only had chocolate souffle a few times before and this was by far the best desert I've ever had... EVER!  They serve the souffle with a side of chocolate sauce that gets poured into the middle of the souffle.  The souffle drank up the sauce like a sponge!. . Lastly, make sure you get a seat by the window.  The Bellagio fountain goes off every 15 minutes and provides a fantastic backdrop for a fantastic meal.. . So, overall... make this a special occasion night (if you have any money left when you're in Vegas) and enjoy!
Went here for our wedding anniversary. Everything was superb! Service was excellent. They treated us with the best treatment possible and made sure we had everything we needed.very attentive, and helpful. The quality of the food was five star quality. I had the filet mignon crusted with lemon garlic herb butter. Hubby had the lamb. Succulent melt in ur mouth flavor. Be warned, this place is very $$$$ but well worth it.and the view! The view the view the view!!! Excellent!
Thank you so much for making my mother's birthday celebration something she will never forget.  This was my first time at this restaurant, I made my reservation on OpenTable and asked for a table by the window since it was my Mom's first time in Vegas and I wanted to do something nice for her. I honestly thought that my comments would have never been read but they were.  The hostess greeted both of us and told my Mom Happy Birthday.  She was shocked that they knew.. . Not only did you get us a table by the window, but we had the corner window.  My mother is from Ohio and I live in California.  When she told me that she wanted to see the Bellagio fountains I thought this this would be the best place.. . The service was amazing, I wish I remembered our waitresses name. The food was outstanding.  I had the lamb and my mother had the veal. The wine selection was fantastic. They brought my mom a beautiful birthday desert as well.. . I can't say thank you enough to the Eiffel Tower restaurant for making this dinner something that my Mom would never forget.  She was so impressed with everything!  Again can't  say thank you enough.  This is something that my Mother and I will never forget.  Now I need to bring my husband there. I will be back!
Never have I ever tasted such exquisite entrees before. The butternut squash veal was so tender that it melts in your mouth like butter. The view of the Bellagio fountain shows was breathtaking. Service was amazing, as well, as the waiters make you feel comfortable and make sure you have everything you need. Highly recommend this place.
top notch in every way.  food, service,  view, pricing.
