Phenomenal.  (I know it's only a few weeks old, but still). . Hands down the BEST beverage service of any major casino along the strip.  The servers are constantly circulating through; you really can always see one unlike the other casinos you have to make a scene to get anyone to appear.. . The smoke level is pretty low.  They have an ambient scent that I can't describe well, but it's very pleasant.. . Unlike almost any other casino on the strip, this one has natural lighting coming in from their windows in the front.. . Very sexy decor.  The designers worked hard on this one.. . Professional, sharp uniforms on the staff.  Unlike the other casinos where their staff look like underpaid flight attendants on a cheap airline, the server staff here are dressed in classic black dresses.  The men all in black suits.. . Please, spend your money here and support it.  It's so much classier than anything else you'll find in walking distance.
My mother and I have been trying to figure out my 21st birthday plans for quite a bit now and when we called the cosmopolitan, a lady named CJ helped us figure it all out!!! . . She helped us figure out which rooms to get and what restaurants I should celebrate at. She was so patient and helpful which is getting me really pumped for my stay at the Cosmo!!!!. . Thanks to CJ I got everything planned out. She really proved that Cosmopolitan has GREAT customer service!!! She went above and beyond to explain the different rooms along with their pricing. Her customer service skills and professionalism really puts Cosmopolitan above and beyond all the hotels on the strip( We have stayed at plenty hotels). I've never had such great reservation customer service before I am really looking forward to staying at the cosmopolitan.
I came here to quickly glance. description: how about ravishing, even the clientele. Or simplistic elegance. Naked beauty. the infrastructure alone is magnificent. It's like someone took all the beauty of design to decorate the art. or is it the other way around? it's like the egyptians ran out of wrap linen and mummified the ceilings with millions of crystals. no matter what adjective is use, the list goes on for centuries. OH, I adore the different chandeliers. I feel a sense of my glory days when I'm walking around while indie rock and electronica is blasting through the hotel. All the lobbies are furnished with real cosmo style couches and love seats. its like an open lounge. artwork even in the parking lot. speaking of, this lot has green and lights above to figure which parking slot is available, instead of just driving all night looking for a spot. they have touch screens of the building maps. and LCD pillars in the main lobby. . . intrigued.. . i have yet to try to restaurants.
In a word. Fabulous. Oozing fabulousity here. Everything was modern, glittery, draping crystals and GLAM! I mean we couldn't get enough of this place! We spent about 3 hours just walking around and taking pictures! I LOVED the floating bar that had walls of crystals... and the chandelier bar, to die for!!. . I stayed at the Mirage on this visit because I didn't even know about this place! Still bitter about that. Next time, I will be here!
Gorgeous! Gorgeous! Gorgeous!. . I will be back!. . The place is dripping in Swavorski Crystals!. . I enjoyed touring the Chandelier and decided I must have a Cosmopolitan at the Cosmopolitan.  My bartender, Jeffrey Generelli, was up for the challenge when I said that his better be great because it's so rare for me to get a great Cosmo... he said the recipe took a long time to come up with... needless to say, I was not only not disappointed, but impressed with it!. . Fun things to see like the store window with 500+ old style sewing machines, etc.... . If you are in Vegas, stop by the Cosmopolitan.. . Some say it is overdone, but not for this gal :)
Shiny!. . Right now, I absolutely love it! Maybe it's because it's new and that makes it exciting. I'll be sure to update on my next trip! . . It seem that the girls in our group liked it a lot more than the guys. The decor of The Cosmopolitan has a feminine feel to it, with its Swarovski crystals. It just screams glamour. The boys seem to be more into Aria, which is a lot more modern.
What an amazing and decadent hotel!  Wandering the halls of the Cosmo is like walking through a lavish piece of modern art.  . . Sip champagne in the aptly named Chandelier bar, take a ride in glass elevator, and absorb the atmosphere awhile.
Ok, I'm ripping off an idea from Eli G., an elite Yelper from L.A. So bear with me.  I've embedded links to my pictures in the review in hopes of writing a better review.  Hopefully it doesn't turn out to be annoying.  If so, I apologize.. . I really dig the Cosmopolitan!  First off, free wi-fi!  I don't know if it was intentional, but I was able to get free wi-fi anywhere on the property except the conference areas (near the buffet).  It's like a really big, fancy coffeehouse that has gambling and alcohol!. . Also, I really like the art-o-matic machines.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=A-WVio3dtFfMLK_vAi_o4w  There are supposed to be six on the property.  Two are next to Monogram (just next to Holsteins) and another two are just outside the buffet.  I'll have to hunt down the final two. Each machine has different art for sale inside for only 5 dollars.  If you are looking for practicality, one of the machines had fan pulls for ceiling fans.  I went completely impractical and got a bearded bunny, which is essentially a block of wood with a bearded bunny painted on it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=4eKNtvWYCBty3LyMOLLy7w  But it's so awesome!  I'll be hitting up these machines every time I visit.  The machines only take cash and will only take $1 or $5 bills so be prepared. . . The public art scattered throughout the place is pretty awesome as well.  If you can bear to be away from the free wi-fi for a while, check out the art in the conference area.  Really cool, big high heel shoes(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=T0D70Wvlsj3pmh1pOdtU_Q), stonehenge-like dogs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=wXqlz0vFleLXG2hMlm30tQ), and other great things.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=jHMhCaID94iPaHyv0KGwyA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=TGET-8tO0cKf5-BEXSvFTQ  . . Sooo many restaurants, it's overwhelming.  I'm a little concerned that any property can support this many restaurants.  Nothing that I would consider a high-end, special occasion restaurant but everything looks good.  It's gonna take three foodie crawls to make it through them all.. . I'm happy this property came to town and looking forward to visiting it whenever I can tolerate going on to the Strip.
I have found my home away from home when I'm in Vegas. Everything about this place fits my personality like a glove.....except for the damn ugly/creepy wall paper in the closet. This was my first time staying there and I'm sad to say goodbye to the Venetian/Palazzo. I can go on and on about this and that but it's best for you to try it out when you're in Vegas.
Was staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers and the Cosmopolitan is located right across the street.    Went to check it out and fell in love!   What a great feel....retro, classy, sexy, hip, happening, contemporary, luxurious, artsy, energetic vibe!      . . Ate at the Overlook Grill (check out my review of this restaurant) and did some gambling.  I was determined to win the Tesla car at the slot machines...unfortunately, I didn't!      . . Check out the life-size jacks located near the pool table at the open area of the 4th floor.  Brought back memories of playing jacks as a kid.   (you know the game where you scatter the jacks and take turn to bounce the ball off the ground, then pick up jacks, and then catch the ball before it bounces for a second time).     . . When it was time to leave, we didn't feel like walking back to our hotel (too cold outside) so we went to get a taxi.   Check out the life-size retro lamp heater lamps with the pleated shades.    Again...brought back memories to my Mom's old living room lamps.. . I left the casino with "Do you know the way to San Jose" in my head....great selection of 60's and 70's classics.. . What 60's brain-child came up with the details for this casino?  Love it!
Let me start by saying I'm no stranger to Vegas...I've stayed at almost every hotel on the Strip.  I just left the Cosmopolitan which was an unbelievable experience.  This is by far my new favorite...I'll break it down to give you a better idea:. . 1) Check In:  Honestly, this is probably the only thing that needs improvement.  I didn't arrive till around 10pm so there were few people checking in.  The problem is if there was, it would be very confusing as to where your supposed to stand.  Regardless, check in was smooth and gives you your first taste of the unbelievable technology this hotel has...by signing you in on an iPad.. . 2) Room:  So super slick!  Comfy beds, huge bathroom, very cool decor.  The best part is the technology.  From lighting, temperature, reservations, etc..  It can all be done on your TV.  This really needs to be experienced to believe it.  If you have difficulty using an ATM, or avoid self-checkout registers, stay away from this hotel.. . 3)  Restaurants:  I ate at Holsteins, Comme Ca, and Blue Ribbon Sushi.  I'll eventually write reviews for them all, but I can assure you they all get at least 4 stars.. . 4) Casino Atmosphere:  There is a bar for every mood hereand they spared no expense...from ultra LED lounges, to swank Chandelier laden bars...you've got your choice!. . I will be staying at Cosmopolitan for all future visits to Vegas!
I have been to Las Vegas to many times to count and the most impressive thing I found on my last trip was The Cosmopolitan. . . It's absolutely the best place on the Strip right now.  The location, concept, design, decor, and ambiance are Spectacular!  Even the parking garage is cool.  I have never driven into a valet and/or parking garage and had my mouth drop open in Awe!  The Cosmo did that for me!  I continued to walk around in a cloud of disbelief that this hotel could offer everything Vegas stands for.. . Two things stand out about this property..... 1. It has a 3 story chandelier in the main lobby.  Over 3 million crystals hang from this breathtaking masterpiece.  Not to mention the spiral staircase that flows through the middle of the chandelier leading guests to one of the bars that sits within the chandelier!  I have never been in the middle of such a work of art.. 2. The rooms at The Cosmo have terraces.  This is unheard of on the Las Vegas Strip!  Take full advantage of cocktails on the patio overlooking this great city.  All the rooms are suites so I don't think you will be disappointed.  It's worth every penny and then some!. . I did tour the pools, work out facility and spa while I was there.  Unfortunately do to weather and time restrictions I was unable to use any of them but I plan on returning and taking full advantage of everything this property has to offer!. . FABULOUS!
I have not had a vacation in years. I planned to spend Christmas in Las Vegas in 2010 and it was one of the best trips ever! I did find one spot that brought the trip to a whole new level. The Chandelier Bar in The Cosmopolitan was beautiful! The design of sitting inside a chandelier was just the limit! . . Then introduce Kevin and Chris the two mixologists that created my our drinks that were the best I have ever had. (Been drinking for years). . You have to try the Cosmopolitan made with white cranberry juice AMAZING!!! There is a list of drinks which I tried a few all were GREAT but kept my love affair with the Cosomoplitans! The level of quality of the drinks and service is why I am planning my next trip to Las Vegas and will be staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
I live this hotel although i havnt personally stayed in their rooms YET! The vibe is great. Very stylish and chic! Great for young people! Im looking forward to staying here soon!
Already my favorite hotel in Vegas and I'm local, I've never seen the rooms, and it's only been open for a month.. . Considering this is the last hotel/resort to open on the LV Strip for quite some time, I was hoping for the best. And I think it has arrived. . . Went to the opening week and was completely blown away by everything I saw. The 3 level chandlier/light fixture awestruck me. Especially when walking thru each level to each of it's bars on each floor. I know it's hard to imagine but, basically there's a bar INSIDE of it on each of the 3 floors.. . All the shops in the Cosmo are new to Vegas so, you know the stuff is one of a kind in this city.. . The vibe from the Cosmo is trendy, TRENDY, T R E N D Y. . As RON C. said in it's first review: SO FANCY HUH.. . From the decor (giant pink chandeliers) to the Obey murals in the parking lot...trendy. They even have a lounge area with pool tables, board games. Like they want you to stay and hang out (other than gamble, of course).. . One of the most amazing things bout the Cosmo is the FREE mini concerts/sets they hold at Bookand Stage. My friend and I got to see Mayer Hawthorne. It was soo much fun and he was nice enough to pose with fans after his set. . Did I mention that it was for FREEEEZIESSS!!!!?!. . Another favorite thing is that the way the hotel was built. You go UP to see the restaurants/shops, as opposed to the other hotel/resorts where it's wide across. Because you go up, you can't really miss any shops/restaurants. You basically see everything.. . This is one hotel that I cannot wait to stay in. SO much so that friends and I are already waiting to reserve rooms for New Year's Eve. Yes, NYE! Like 11 months away lolol
I didn't stay at this hotel but it's only been open for about a month.  I went there with friends on a Saturday and love the vibe and atmosphere.  The Chandelier Bar is nice and expands 3 floors.  We were there to to to Marquee, which is a club, but ended up not going because the line was too long.  I was there till 2:30 AM and the place is still jammin with loud music.  There is also a roof top pool above the Chandelier Bar.  It could be really crowded because it's a new place, but I love it.
Cosmopolitan is probably going to be the next big thing in Vegas. . . -Their nightclub, Marquee is amazing! And supposedly one of the largest in the US?. . -it's so fancy inside. it's perfect for the name "Cosmopolitan". It's classy but with sparkle...if that makes sense hehe. . . There are multiple lounges throughout the casino floor and they all look just beautiful. Even the blackjack tables make you feel classy! The mood is just great. And the gorgeous crystals hanging throughout the hotel are just lovely. . . If you go up the escalators, there are seating areas for you to just relax, as well as pool tables open to the public. Go up to the pool deck, and it gets better! The view is awesome, there are floating cushioned lounging chairs in the pool. There are secluded lounging chairs throughout the deck. There are pool tables, ping pong tables, all set up on the grassy area by the pool. There's multiple bars for people to just relax, or watch sports games, etc. . . I didn't get a chance to stay there---although I know it would be an awesome room, but I'm telling you--this hotel is the place to be!
simply said AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL.....
I was there for the Invitation-only opening festivities and it is so good.  Pretty, hip, sparkly.  I made it my home for the first few days of the New Year and I can't wait to go back. Here's my full review: http://bit.ly/dKvTuM.. . Favorite memories:. . Champagne upon check in. The fireworks show. Jay Z, Coldplay Concert and tons of celebs. The Marquee Red Carpet. The Cosmpolitans at the Chandelier Bar
swanky.. glittery.. blingin'.. sexy.. . love.
Opened less than a month ago.  They had me at hello and we were spoiled.  They upgraded our room to a wrap around terrace. (Just cause)  Large flat screen TV's though out our suite.  Tile, granite, windows, quiet and views.  We were on the 28th floor overlooking the Bellagio Fountains and the strip.  Big fat comfy chairs on our terrace, perfect for cigars and champagne.  Service throughout the hotel was very professional and quick.  Restaurants were all great.  Pool area?  Fantastic.  Private cabanas, beautifully decorated, great bar area, trees, sunshine, jacuzzi, had it all.  You could sit private or join the party, your choice.  Got a chance to visit the spa for a couples massage.  World class.
Excerpted from a longer blog post about my experience at the Grand Opening weekend. For the full version, check out my blog!. . My boyfriend Mike and I arrived in Las Vegas to find colder weather than we left behind in NYC (go figure), but we were warmed up right away upon entering the lobby of the hotel and being welcomed with a glass of Champagne at the check-in desk. After determining that our room wasn't quite ready for us, we were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite with a terrace on the 30th floor. Here are some pictures of the amazing room (which was probably bigger than my entire 2-bedroom apartment).. . The decor of the entire hotel is amazing. I think Mike commented at one point that they must have hired the most amazing architects and designers they could find to make this place come together. From the electronic and mood-changing "wallpaper" in the lobby, to the three-story Chandelier Bar, to the whimsical and innovative light fixtures everywhere, it really is a sight to be seen. In walking around the hotel, you could spot the tourists who were just passing through to take it all in.. . After getting settled in the room, admiring the view and calling everyone we knew to tell them about all the amazing things that had happened so far, we ventured out for a walk and to grab some dinner at the Planet Hollywood shops across the street. Riding the elevator back up, four rather large men in suits enter and then I see a tall, sort of shaggy and vaguely familiar guy walk to the back and stand next to Mike. I look at him and I look at Mike and then I realized "oh my God, that's John Mayer!" So that was pretty awesome.. . We changed into nicer clothes and rode the elevator back downstairs for the Marquee preview party. I'm not much of a club kind of girl, so I'd only heard of those places where scantily-clad girls dance in cages andon the bars. Well this was one of those places, yet it still retained class if you could imagine. We were treated to a beer, Champagne and well-drink open bar and after grabbing our drinks, we walked around the club and just tried to absorb it all. British sensation Florence + The Machine began their set at about midnight and played an energetic and fun hour-long set. Through a coworker I had heard of them before, but after seeing a live performance, I'm hooked. YouTube them now - you won't be sorry.. . We had reservations at the NYC-transplant Blue Ribbon Sushi at 7:30 and we were both very excited for whatever a gala dinner was. We were seated in the back, semi-romantic section of the restaurant, handed warm towels to wash our hands with and an extravagant menu. We decided on what we would choose and were then informed that there were no choices to be made, as we would be receiving everything. Jaws drop.. . The next morning we somehow managed to wake up with enough time to make it to brunch at the Wicked Spoon. And boy am I glad we didn't miss this. You want to talk about epic? This was the most epic brunch ever. Not only was it the most innovative buffet I've ever seen, but all of the food choices were fresh, constantly replenished and often served to you by a worker from behind the counter. I ate the most amazing truffled potatoes ever and was super bowled over by the Eggs Benedict, fresh berries and butternut squash ravioli. They had a giant dessert station as well complete with a full gelato bar. Everything was so pretty and we found a resurgence of the gold flakes on numerous desserts.. . I'm pretty sure this was the coolest pool area I've ever seen. With all sorts of plush seating arrangements, brightly colored blue and yellow decorations, in-pool chaise lounges, views up and down the Strip, a fully stocked bar, cozy cabanas (with plasma TVs), pool tables and TVs, this was again the place to be. We were all still stuffed from breakfast, so we didn't get to enjoy the full BBQ going on, but we did help ourselves to Veuve Clicquot, Mighty Leaf teas, creamy hot chocolate and some Bailey's and coffee to warm up with. They were also passing out warm blankets and had the heaters cranked on high.. . While it's a new hotel and we did experience some kinks in service (we accidentally got charged for about 20 different things from the mini-fridge even though we didn't touch anything; the maid called us at 8 a.m. to pick up the laundry even though we never requested laundry service; the wait for a concierge was often way too long), I trust that The Cosmopolitan will work everything out because the place really sells itself. They really went all out for this Grand Opening Weekend as well, sending up gifts to the room such as Moleskine notebooks, Zagat celebration guides and Cire Treudon candles and matches. . . With a wide variety of classy, yet affordable dining options, amazing artwork everywhere and a true understanding of what a unique resort experience should be, The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is truly a work of art and I can't wait to go back.
(This is an asian persons attempt at rapping, I'm sorry in advanced). . *Throws a beat*. . Shit I feel like a balla right now.... . I should have a prostitute on my left arm right now.... . Where the prostitutes be at right now...?. . Oh shit, this place is fancy right now...  . . The prostitutes must be high class in disguise right now....  . . Scanning the room looking for hooks and tricks right now..... . I'm not quite sure why...but I thought it would be fun for right now.... . I don't really know what me and the prosties would do, maybe grab a coffee and discuss how they got into the biz maybe...who knows?  *pictures Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman*  Naw I ain't that lucky.... . This hotel is new, and with new things comes an exciting new smell.  Like buying a new jacket and wearing it out the store.  Or driving out of the car dealership in a brand spanking new Benz and sniffing the leather.  It's all about the small little things that matter.  And this hotel didn't miss one detail.  Everything was impeccable, down to the wallpaper, amenities, service, decor, rooms, staff.  No detail was left unworked.  Even the crystals in all the lights in the hallways made me smile as they twinkled.. . The bars and shops inside this hotel were beautiful, except everything was honking expensive so I didn't really buy anything except drinks.  The pools are beautiful, the spa offers deliciously decadent services and massages.  I have no idea if they have a gym because I didn't go looking for one because I'm on vacay!. . The room was like a mini apartment, careful for the mini bar though because if you move the bottles they'll try and charge you!  Make sure to check!. . The bed was super comfy, the tv that controlled everything in the room was really cool, the balcony view overlooking the strip was stunning.. . There are so many things to see and do in this hotel you don't even have to leave.  We barely left the hotel to do anything because its like a little city in here.  No need to venture out into the elements :)
UPDATE! Finally got a chance to spend more time in this hotel.. . It's Awesome!! Mad props to the interior designer!! Everything is so modern and hip. They even have a pool table & Foosball upstairs! I love all the colors, it's so vibrant! We tried to hit up Marquee Sat night and the guest list line was longer than general admission. Didn't feel like waiting so we left.. . Don't forget to hit up Pizzeria. It's a hidden gem in the Cosmo! NY style pizza. It's cheap and BOMB! If you reached the tunnel you went to the right spot!
Lovely.  The Chandelier, the Restaurant Collection, the Views.  Expensive, but would recommend.
(This review is for the casino only) Extremly classy and understated, modern decor, lots of browns and creams in the color palatte.  It felt like it was a small intimate boutique hotel versus the huge mammoth casinos that seem endless.  Cosmopolitian gets 5 stars for it's service- I was inquiring of the location of the high limit slot machines and I was personally escorted there by security.  (I think I would have had the same service had I asked about the washroom).  On a seperate visit I was approached to sign up for their players card and the lady took my information, processed the cards and I did not have to move or wait in line.  Will certainly be back to stay as a guest!
Finally, something different from what I'm used to! I've been visiting Las Vegas since the 90's (the days when LV catered to children with wet 'n' wild water park, almost every casino had arcades and amusement parks) and I have lived here long enough to not wander the Strip unless friends or family are in town. The Cosmopolitan just may change that. . . DECOR: From the outside, she makes you wonder "What's in there?" and once you make your way to the parking/ Valet area, you're kind of distracted with all the details that the other casinos lack in the parking garage. Lights, crystals,... Not such a good idea for dumb drivers as we experienced... WATCH THE ROAD DUMMY. . . After speaking to one of the employees, the rumors are true, the valet parking area is like that of the one that you'd find if you google the word's "Volkswagen parking garage", robotic platforms and compact spaces. With a 4" clearance on the top, bottom and sides, oooweee, you better bet that those Valet employees are trained! The person I spoke to said that their Valet can accommodate up to 1,400+ cars, so to not turn any guest away. Holler. . . The self parking garage, as you can see from some of the photos, each floor painted with a different theme. We took our time looking for a parking spot because 1. we wanted to checkout the wall art, and 2. It was so damn busy since they just had their Grand Opening the day prior and people just did not know how to drive, le sigh. . . There's a huge chandelier that covers 3 or 4 floors of the center bar. Random areas of unique chairs, sofas and a pool table in the center of the third (?) floor. Restaurants and mall areas have many unique pieces of art, decor and things that you just have not ever been able to see at any other casino. . . GAMBLER'S POINT OF VIEW: I did not see a sports book. Weird... or just enjoyed a few too many cocktails and didn't notice, LOL. . . I am not much of a gambler, $20 and I am done, but I had to give this place a try. Towards the front of the casino, they have themed gambling areas. Dealers are dressed different from pit to pit (some burlesque type outfits, some, collared shirts) even the bars are decorated different from one another. . . Although you'll never see me wait hours on end to enter a nightclub, I'd like to check it out... Promoters, where you at?? . . I'd love to check out the rooms and pool, perhaps a summer staycation :)
The Oscars came early this year. . . With the arrivals of 3 V.I.P yelpers.... (Anthony N, Stefany C, and myself.. Jessica A) We definitely had the red carpet rolling once we stepped in the most...Elegant, Sophisticated, Most Newest Luxurious Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.. . Words cannot even describe the beauty that this commercial establishment represents. I felt Kashmir, I felt Gucci, I felt... like the world belonged to me (exactly almost what the word Cosmopolitan means). . The hotel was absolutely stunning. Goodbye Sahara, New York New York, Caesar's Palace,  Flamingo, Rio, heck even Planet Hollywood or the Hilton. The next generation of hotels have arrived.   Once my friends arrived I literally mistakened the lobby for an airport.  The desks; the attendants (I mean front desk people); were all airport bound.  . My favorite part of the whole hotel? Everything was almost touchscreen.  Billboards; side menus; maps of the area ( like a mall telling you "You Are Here" ) was touch screen. Think about a human sized iphone against the walls and all you have to do is swipe.... :. . As Anthony N. stated; The Cosmopolitan originally was set to be a residential place, but they converted it into a hotel/casino. Rooms differ with space and price ranges. Note to self : Very Pricey.. . Our free room ended up to be : The King Terrace Bedroom.. Room was gigantic. Heck I think it was bigger than my apartment.  Kitchen equipped; living room furnished, 2 LED touch screen tvs from LG; a computer desk room; a king sized bedroom with an amazing balcony sight over viewing Vegas; and last but not least.. a full sized bathroom equipped with a built in jacuzzi.. . The hotel has two towers : Eastside and Westside. Variety of elegant bars and outstanding pool areas (many to choose from and are equipped with games and screen tvs for your viewing pleasures). The nightclub is opened from Thursday-Sunday, you have many restaurants to dine in at, and of course shopping areas. Basically think of this.. as a fine 5 star walk-in mall. . . Cosmo offers the Sahara Spa, Gym, Bars, Pools, Lounges, Game Rooms, HIDDEN pizzeria for those late night outs ;) , Marquee Nightclub, Amazing Casino on 1st Floors, and eminent customer service. Their employees are there to help all your needs ;). . Whether you're checking in or checking out just remember this because it clearly got stuck in my head :. .                                           You Fancy Huh?
During Christmas me and the family decided to come here and check out the latest and greatest thing in Vegas. Nice ambiance and architecture. While our Mom was playing slot machines, we decided to wait for her at what was called the Chandelier. All I could say was the drinks were delicious. Pricey but good.
AWESOME hotel. Wow, I wish I can stay there foever! . . Service was excellent, I haven't felt so special staying in a hotel for ages. Room was really nice with patio and small deck counch overlooking the strip. . . Room service was awesome, haven't had such good breakfast in bed. Egg benedict crab cake, omletts, shake...they were all awesome. . . Parking is easy too, they have free parking garage (though if you are staying on west building, you have to walk through the casino to get there, a little pain) . . Very sophisticated and elegant hotel!
The latest hotel to be added to the city center area... Beautiful... elegant... chic... When I first drove up to this hotel you are greeted w/ a sign that says Cosmopolitan... Love it!!! I started to park my car in valet but decided against it... Kinda glad I did... The parking garage has green and red lights at each parking spot - green to let you know that the spot is available and red to let you know that the spot is unavailable... there is also blue lights for handicap parking - they also have numbers to let you know which parking spots are available on each level... While walking to the elevator they have beautiful murals - check out this sight if you want to see them . http://www.vegashotelnews.com/2010/12/cosmopolitan-parking-garage-artwork.html . On the elevator they have motion pictures... Once in the hotel it is a little different they have pillars that show a different pictures - . . My favorite place in the hotel is the 3rd floor... they have an outdoor pool - they give the allusion of the chairs floating on the water - it is amazing - . . Visit this hotel and take in this experiences- its an amazing view from the 3rd floor - will be the spot for spring
Stayed here a few weeks ago.  This hotel, is probably now my favorite in Vegas.  It's set up so beautifully, and also has this feel of, The Wynn, or Bellagio, without the feeling of you are going to get arrested if you touch something.  The rooms are set up for the hungover person, convenience wise.  There are light switches that turn the whole unit off in every section of the room.  The food in the hotel is amazing, and all in all, just very, very smoooth, with three o's.
OK FIRST OFF SOME SERIOUS CLARIFICATION HERE... THE COSMOPOLITAN IS NOT PART OF CITICENTER I REPEAT **NOT**!!!. . Ok now thats all cleared up. The Cosmopolitan is probably one of the most unique hotels out as of right now. From the artsy and technologically advanced parking garage, to the wrap around balcony terraces or the 3 strip view pool experiences. This place will blow you away. It's like they took the tech and style and class and made up their VERY OWN new style of Las Vegas. All with personality from the walls to the people who work there.... which easily make the hotel the most unique out there. They are nice and real and good looking...not just looks like some other fancy spots on the Strip. The dining and shopping are just as unique. I'm not gonna spoil the rest but rest assured your not gonna be disappointed when you visit The Cosmopolitan.
finally FINALLY got to see the pool area...SOOOOO EFFING PRETTY!!!!!. It overlooks the Strip with views of PH, Paris, Bellagio, etc.. . And the pool is heated!. Unless I was just freezing my arse off outside that the water was warmer than the air...alas, I LOVE THIS HOTEL  MORE AND MORE every single time I'm in it *hugs*
definite 5 stars--. I was there before they open it few days ;I went there expecting the usual;no way. . . this is one of the most unique casinos in vegas-no theme -but theme is amazing decors. architecture is not the grandest but I would say the elegant decors everywhere; we expected to be there like in and out.  I was there for hours with my friends.  . great for photography. amazing decors all 5 floors. . modern but some old world  feeling (cause of the beads)everywhere. and . . i loved their restaurant hunter" had best steak and egg ever ; the steak was pricy but me and my friends shared it ,waw best steak ever had; something about meat quality..... off course this place is modern with a dash of hollywood west sunset and dash some bellagio glamour and then hand 2000000 beads everywhere;. . wanted to try the grand opening in the night club ;too long of lines next time when I am here.  . . expect to go there and not leave for hours;just try different floors and great for designers.
Review for building only:  I did not stay at the Cosmopolitan.  I made a walking tour of the casino, restaurant, and ballroom areas yesterday.  I was really impressed with the design and the ease of getting around.  For a property on such a narrow strip of land, it really seems gigantic when you start exploring the areas where you can sit and relax, enjoy some art, and maybe do some Yelp reviews to catch up.. . The restaurant area is very compact.  I was very impressed with almost everything I saw.  Now I have to go back and start trying some of the restaurants.. . I am so pleased that this new place finally opened and that it was designed with a lot of thought!
This place is so beautiful. I Love it. Would totally come back here to stay. I would love to have a bachelorette party here. This place is totally like Sex in the City. Very Cosmopolitan.
My official favorite hotel in Vegas and would love to stay there one day. It's a nice spot to walk thru on Friday nights ..lots of people watchinG.
Love it!  Hip, and happenin'!
This must be what it was like when Alice fell down the rabbit hole - it's like being transported into Wonderland where everything is beautiful and special. . . The parking garage has art on the walls and nice flooring by the elevadors. Every section tells you how many empty spaces (67 empty spaces here) and a red light over the end of parked cars, green for empty slots. As you as you pull in the light turns red. Elevadors have electronic art work - when I first got on I thought it was a real aquarium, then it changed.. . The casino - simply beautiful. And people were having fun here and winning. There's a 1 1/2 floor with a suspended bar overlooking the casino. Was going to have a drink here but none of the special drinks rang my bell so I moved on. . . There's a floor for restaurants and games with comfortable furniture. The third floor is the pool, and this just has to been seen to be believed. The pool alone will cause me to stay here on my next visit. And there's a bar here too! And more games. Private cabanas overlooking the strip. Spending an afternoon here would take me to my happy place.. . This place is magical. It's the future of LV, and makes everything else look shabby in its wake.
This is my new favorite spot in Vegas; this is the first Vegas hotel that truly doe not feel like Vegas. It has a such a great look to it and it is truly designed to explore. I really want to give a bad review so people will stay away and I can keep it all to myself. So, many secrets on every level though that I will leave for other to discover. But, for now it gets 5 stars and I really want to have a staycation here this summer.
By far greatest Vegas stay so I've had.  The Cosmopolitan hotel room was phenomenal.  Every amenity is added.  Our room had separate kitchen, living area and two full baths along with two-sided decks overlooking the Bellagio Fountain.. . A great thing about this hotel is it is vertical.  You dont have to walk miles to get from point a-b.  Just tap button on elevator.. . Pools are amazing!  Will definitely be back in spring.. . Food in all restaurants was good to great!
Hippest spot on the strip. H-lights: posh bars with live DJs, people watching, scantily clad eye candy, cheesy foreigner shooting Cristal and the guy with the DEEP Vee
Watch out Wynn and every other casino on the strip!!  Cosmopolitan is as good as it gets in Vegas in 2011.. . We visited many other casinos and hotels and Cosmo was my favorite.  I had heard so much about the Wynn but when we went there it was DEAD as a doornail.  Nothing going on! I couldn't believe it.  So we booked it to Cosmo and the scenery and energy instantly changed.  This place is amazing -- not only for their over the top, out of control decadent and cutting edge decor, but the music, scene, and people that inhabit this place all contribute to the experience.  It really is something that can't be described and must be experienced.  It is much more geared to partying crowd -- just check out the club upstairs and all the people trying to get in.  Hoardes of females wearing short tight dresses and 4 inch platform heels are flocking here in droves (that must be the unofficial dress code).  Another thing I love about this place is that you don't need bottle service or to be on a guest list to have a great time or get a great table. Cosmo is a must.
A Las Vegas Casino that has an Art vending machine, 50 Mixologists on payroll, all with 10+ years experience who refer to their cocktails as "children", a speakeasy pizzeria, 5 bars in a Chandelier alone, a Master Tailor on call with generations of Tailors preceding him- is particularly incredible if you ask me. The COSMOPOLITAN is the only place I want to be these days. (Sigh)
Can I live here? Yes. I mean seriously. Hire me on and set me up in a studio. STAT. I am so in love with the Cosmopolitan. Our final night in Vegas was all splurge as we decided to stay at The Cosmo. Drool.. . My husband and I opted for the studio on a Sunday night and didn't want to leave the room. I was digging the Johnathan Adler bookends as my husband was reading aloud from the kitchy, quirky books that lined the shelves. . . The studio: Perfect size for two. Roomy without being stuffy. The bathroom had a separate door leading to the toilet to separate the funk from the flowers. The literal water closet has nifty wallpaper, no need for a book in the John! I took advantage of the chic shower and hot tub in one weekend. Both great. The toiletries were huge and yes, I brought them in my carry-on. Lavender-rific! . . The living space was cute and the desk was oh-so-adorable with colored pencils! The wet bar had a variety of goodies, safe-love products and binoculars. For real? Yeah. The closet has the most amazing wallpaper and cushy robes are available. The bed was a cloud of luxury that hugged me to sleep like an angel in the sky. And yes, we slept with the balcony cracked open in January 'cause we could. The balcony overlooking the Bellagio was absolutely awesome. In the end, we broke down and ordered secret pizza from downstairs.. . I can not wait to go back and spend a full weekend at the Cosmo. Seriously. It was kicking, but the pools were a bit cool this time around. See you soon, Cosmo.. . Love forever,. Jojo F.. . P.S., I'm not kidding. I want to live here for real. ; )
I have going to Vegas about 4 times a year over the past decade. I have stayed at everything from Wynn/Encore to Excalibur. Nothing compares to The Cosmopolitan. It truly is all that and a cigarette afterwards.. . Everything they say about the Chandelier Bar is true. Check out all three levels since each has their very own hand-crafted cocktails. One of the bartenders told me they have a kitchen devoted to preparing their own custom mixes for use at the bar and, lord almighty, does it show.. . The room was fantastic, the view stunning, and the books scattered throughout the suite to peruse were perfect. And the hotel itself is an extension of all of the above but with a completely different and heightened energy.. . The East Tower pool is gonna be THE place to be in the spring and summer. Didn't have a bad meal anywhere and we ate just about everywhere.. . Finally, and most importantly, the staff to a soul were fantastic, helpful, and fun.. . Conventional wisdom is that it will be nearly a decade before another major resort opens on The Strip. Thank god the current construction era ended with on a perfect note: The Cosmopolitan.
This is the best hotel in Vegas that I've stayed in. Hands down. I loved every bit of it. I got a totally awesome deal at the hotel because I had a two free night hotel package but then the whole trip ended up being comped... WHAT WHAT?! To this day, I still have no idea how we ended up getting that last night for free but I'm not going to question a great thing.. . The hotel decor and interior design were sooooo chic and modern. I won't lie, it's a pretty damn girly hotel but I'm not complaining but the guys might. But whatever, they can stay at the Bellagio next door if they don't like it. But I definitely loved the chandeliers all around the ceilings as well as the purple color scheme... amazing! LOVED IT ALL.. . The room itself was so cute too, everything from the layout, to the wallpaper and the L-shaped couch. So perfect. The bathroom was a little too exposed to the rest of the hotel room though. But the blinds covered that problem. Also, I wish the toilet had a separate room or something so that when someone was showering, we could still go in without seeing them. But it's all good. We were all girls anyway!. . Oh and the view... we had such a precious view of the Bellagio fountain. GAHHHHH I LOVED IT ALL I SWEAR. There's really not much to complain about except for maybe the TVs not working as well as I had hoped. They lagged but whatever, who needs TV when you're in Vegas?
The best view of the strip hands down!  Super classy atmosphere, lot of young sexy people walking around, beautiful lounges, my favorite is the chandelier bar...breathtaking!  . . We had a wrap around suite and our view...wow... Fountains of bellagio, Eiffel tower of Paris and the strip...we felt like we owned Vegas haha!  One of the only hotels with balconies!  The view is worth the price!
Hands down, best hotel I've seen yet in Las Vegas! It may not have the biggest space as the other hotels, but it's decor sends out SEXY SEXY SEXY.  It's eclectic and sheik.. . I literally told myself that next time I visit LV, I will book at this hotel.. . Can't wait to visit again =)
If I could drool in this review I would.. . Cosmo is jaw-dropping design and decor.  Try to keep your mouth closed as you look up at three stories of Chandelier Bar bling.  Its absolutely breathtaking...and what still shocks me is that every time we go, Saturday nights or whenever, we can get a seat in here.  And, extra points for white glove bar service, but prices I can get with ($10 for a pineapple & goose?).. . Cosmo is nothing but A-list eye candy. Do NOT half step when you come out here, you will be embarrassed.  Bring your Louboutins.   Sorry to be harsh, but if you are a 6 or less, go somewhere else...you will get your feelings hurt.. . Marquee gets a huge YAY for being legit about letting local ladies in for free without a ridiculous wait.  The nightclub is absolutely gorgeous.  It literally spills out onto the pool area... so forget about table service...cabana anyone?  Only in Vegas can you end up in a Jacuzzi in January in a 5 star nightclub.  I LOVE this town.. . Advice:  Don't bother driving and trying to park there.  fuhgeddaboudit.  Get a car service or taxi.  . . Cosmo is my new crack.  As everyone else has said...sexy!!  Enjoy!
Love love love this hotel! We got the wrap around terrace suite complimentary and it is pimp status! I love their lobby and the suite is incredible! I would highly recommend this place to be with friends or a sweetheart. The crowd here is young and energetic. Bars everywhere and good shops! Love this place. Best place I stayed at yet in vegas.
Hands down the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. It's just unbelievable. The decor is awesome, not at all tacky like so many Vegas hotels. The service is unbelievable. This is probably the first hotel I've ever been to where I was more interested in staying in the room than exploring outside. If you have the opportunity, stay here!
Alright, if you can't afford (or get into) the SkyLofts or the Mansion and you're going to rough it with a 'regular' hotel room--- it doesn't get any better than the Cosmo Hotel. . . I come to Vegas a few times a year for work, and I've stayed at them all... Bellagio, Aria, Wynn, Encore, The Hotel, Mandalay, MGM, Hilton Grand, bla bla bla. My usual favorite is THE HOTEL... oh but the Cosmo has just taken your place.. . The rooms are suites. Love. And they're huge. Love. Everything inside your room can be controlled on the TV including -- lighting settings, ordering room service, room temp, music selections, spa appointment bookings, your appointment scheduled within the hotel, dinner reservations, and more. How amazing is that? Fully automated... LOVE LOVE LOVE that!!. . The restaurants are delish, the people watching is divine, and the clubs are hot. Go. Play. Enjoy.
I can see how this hotel will become one of my favorites in Vegas already. It's absolutely gorgeous. . . Only been open for about 2 months, I've been there no less than 5 times already.  This place has a Chandelier bar, the most amazingly sparkling centerpiece of crystals.  Really pretty.  This place also has a bar called The Henry.  So cool!. . The casino floor itself is a bit small but I like that because it feels more manageable.  I have yet to check out Marquee the nightclub but I'm sure I'll get to soon.. . Lastly, their buffet, The Wicked Spoon, is great. I've already been twice!
Wow! What a beautiful modern hotel. Very nice. Crystals and huge tvish changing walls. Must see for yourself.
The Cosmopolitan is such a "Joanna" hotel. There are large, sparkly crystal chandeliers everywhere and long strands of crystals dripping from the chandeliers. I'm rarely awed by hotel decor and I will admit if something looks nice, but I have never stood on an escalator staring up at the ceiling saying "OHHHHH" and "AAHHHHH" and busting out my camera to take a photo. (Btw, I was mainly like this due to all the sparkles. I am a HUGE fan of sparkles if you can't tell..) . . Oh, and there's TWO HUGE SHOES IN THE MIDDLE OF THE HALLWAY!!!!!! SHOES! SHOES! SHOES! Yes, that's exactly what I said when I saw them. I started jumping up and down and waited for a bunch of people to finish taking photos so I can pose with the shoe. The fiance knows about my major shoe obsession so even though he's anti photo, he patiently waited and snapped a few photos for me. . . I felt like a child going to Disneyland for the first time :) In awe and very excited about everything I saw. Unfortunately, we didn't stay at Cosmopolitan because we got a better room deal at Palazzo, but I would definitely want to stay here on our next trip. Maybe when I come with friends that don't gamble since the casino is a bit on the small side.
I'm in love!!!. . I wish I could live in the Cosmopolitan. By far, the best hotel in Vegas in terms of ambiance, room amenities, food, location, everything! . . Ambiance- Amazing!  A refreshing change from all the other cheesy hotels in Vegas. Chic and classy, definitely stands out this sleazy city. As many people have mentioned you must see the Chandelier Bar with your own eyes..It has to be the 8th wonder of the world it's so beautiful!. . Food- Plenty of restaurants located in the hotel, including Jaleo (Tapas Restaurant) and Va Bene (A great cafe with amazing pastries).. . Room- I wanted to take that blanket home with me soooo bad. You feel like you're floating on a cloud. It's fluffy and dreamy and.. okay okay I'll stop. Bathroom toiletries are Co Bigelow products, a definite plus :). . Location- In the heart of the strip, within CIty Center. Across from the Miracle Mile Shops (Urban Outfitters, Sephora, etc.) and a good walking distance from the Forum Shops. . . I will be back in July Cosmopolitan, just you wait!
Mike U pretty much nailed it. Very nice place. Great lounges and restaurants. Really enjoyed the ambiance and the Chandelier bar was pretty cool.
I LOVE the Cosmopolitan! I work in a hotel and travel alot. Its hard to impress me, but Cosmo had everything! Trendy decor, friendly staff, great integration of technology in the rooms and throughout the hotel, and the one bedroom rooms are sooooooooooooooo spacious. Great views of the LV Strip. Great drinks and service at the Chandelier Bar compared to a few other hotel/casinos I visited. Top notch service all the way! I already booked my stay for Sept! :o)
A prominent "bridge" from Bellagio to Aria Hotel and Casino. It's my favorite spot in whole City Center now.. However I checked web site and found out that The Cosmopolitan is not a part of City Center at all. In my opinion, it's organically synced with the rest of buildings and is an enticing addition to them. . I'm staying there next time!. And one more thing, check their packages on web. One I really suggest all my single but cooperative peers is "Three adults for the price of two" night stay.
I decided I needed to get out of the house for a few hours... so I dragged the husband with me to venture down to Cosmo. . . Anyways... WOW! . . We drove up to valet (of course) because ... it's Vegas and I don't see why I should have to park my own car. LOL! . . The valet area is 5 stars (at least). GORGEOUS! The light fixtures, colors and special concrete that looked like you were driving on granite were FABULOUS. And this is just the valet area. It's a fairly small area with a couple tight turns so don't go zooming into here or you might collide with a column light fixture or a cabbie. Take your time... enjoy the ambiance. (Yes, I know it's just valet but still... take it in..EXPERIENCE it.) . . The lobby area is gorgeous and the lobby bar is nothing like any of the other lobby bars I've seen at other hotels. This looks like something out of a movie.... it looks like a ultra lounge... but it's the lobby bar. . . Ok... so moving through the casino floor and the upper levels... everything is GLITZY and GLAM. Totally over the top. I know... it sounds ostentatious and ridiculous... and it should be... but it's NOT. It totally works. I love that everything sparkles, glitters and feels alive. Of course, I wonder in a year from now, how this will look as I'm sure maintaining the shiny surfaces is going to be a bear. . . Love the HEELS in the banquet area and the DOGS and the JEDI council chairs and ... the POOL TABLES and the FOOZE ball table in the restaurant area... I mean... it's fun in a really upscale manner. . . The pool area (while it was only 50 degrees we checked it out anyways)... looks like it is going to be the place to hang when the temps start to rise. What a set up! It's not just one big pool area... they split what limited space they have up into sections and it flows very nicely. Overall it is very small so I'm not sure how they are going to manage the crowds. The pools are edgeless and have loungers in the water. Plus there's a covered area with 9 big screen TVs and a separate bar to just hang out. The cool part is that it's on the 4th level and you can see LVB below. As a local, I hope that there is some sort of promotion where I might get to try out the pool without having to stay at the property... but I'll just have to wait and see.
This place ruined every other Vegas hotel for me.  We got comped two nights in a wrap around terrace suite and we didn't want to leave! The service was excellent and the employees genuinely seemed to want feedback on our stay.  Other than the really crowded casino floor it was a really nice experience.  As other reviews have already said this place is gorgeous.  . The wrap around terrace suite was the BEST hotel room I've ever stayed in. Everything seemed to work perfectly - room service was prompt, bell service also speedy, and again really friendly staff.  The terrace was the best part.  Yes everything is hi tech and contrary to some reviews, everything worked well. . We didn't have a chance to try the restaurants here - but room service food was excellent and the "secret" pizza place was delicious.  We actually went there twice.  Will definitely go back to the Cosmopolitan again, even if not comped.
THE COOLEST HOTEL ON THE STRIP!!! hands down people this place is insane. I would decorate my house exactly the way this place is done. We saw The Black Keys with Big Boi from Outkast here and it was amazing. COolest concert hall i've been in, it just felt exactly what i imagined a concert environment to be. Classy with modern feel and you just new a kick ass classy show was about to happen. But the rooms are SICK, the restaurants are SICK and they have cool shops with some amazing motorcycles, game areas, the pool is awesome up on the 4th floor with a look over the strip and it's done beach style. COOLEST HOTEL i've ever been to for sure.
Ok, I really love this place. It's my new favorite place on the strip. . . I was impressed from the moment we pulled up in the marble-look entry of the parking garage--just so clean and classy looking. Next to impress was the lobby with enormous columns made of HDTV screens with various entertaining images displayed. Throughout, the design elements and art are beautiful and hip. The casino floor is a bit small, but I kind of like it that way. The crowd is young-most looked in their 30's-and glamorous (mostly!) and we did see at least one celebrity as we were out for a stroll.. . One reviewer said the place did not have a good flow, but I completely disagree! The ground floor is mostly gaming, the second floor is shopping, the third floor is the restaurant level, the pools are on the roof, and the chandelier bar runs through the middle of all three floors, tying everything together and providing an excellent place to people watch on any level. This bar is beautifully enveloped in drippy crystal strands and served great champagne and signature cocktails.  Everything about the building is hip, chic, and fashionable....I really enjoyed every minute.
My friend and I entered to a pretty lobby with floating bubbles during President's Day weekend. Our room was on the 69th floor and had an amazing view of the strip. I was able to manually operate the lights/temperature while also change it through the TV. The room was fantastic. The room was spacious with nice decor. There were two blinds covering the window to the shower and access to the tub. Kinky and awesome for a couple but interesting for a group of friends. However, I had great friends I could trust not to mess with the blinds. :). . The most annoying light was to the bathroom. It wouldn't always turn on. And the phone stopped working but front desk sent someone immediately to fix it. . . The people working here were very helpful and friendly. They helped us get into the Marquee nightclub, which was an interesting task, and let us borrow their tape to decorate the room for my friend's birthday. And hotel guests will always be able to get into the Marquee no matter the event. . . The pools were really nice. Since it was a little chilly, there were a lot of people lounging on the chairs and no one in the pool. And I love the Chandelier bar. Just so pretty. . . The casino isn't as large compared to other hotels but the dealers are very helpful and took the time to explain how to play. . . Overall, love it! My friends and I are already planning our next trip back!
Best and Hottest hotel on d strip.... Our room was sooo nice- jacuzzi tub, living room, d only hotel on d strip with a BALCONY.... The food at the Wicked spoon buffet was awesome and very affordable... The Chandelier, Vesper bar and all the lounges @ d hotel were crazy and the drinks were very affordable compared 2 d other hotels on d strip.... Already planning my nxt trip 2 the same hotel... :)
Bling, bling, bling, bling, bling... and more bling.. . This place is extremely flashy, chandelier and reflective surfaces everywhere. The rooms themselves are extremely nice, I was in a Terrace One Bedroom. And DAMN, that room is full of sex. The bathtub was connected to the bedroom, and they even had blinds that you could open for shower window. There was a spacious couch, tables, normal hotel suite stuff. The balcony was nice touch, with a loveseat and small table outside.. . The pool area is extremely relaxing during the daytime. Pool, pool [the other kind], ping pong, foosball, bar, comfortable seat-beds on the water, and a spectacular view. After a night of clubbing, you can just lay down on the bed-like seat on top of water and just relax and think to yourself, "damn, taking this weekend off was a good idea.". . Also, you can get into Marquee without waiting a billion hours as a hotel guest.
All the glitz and glam without the attitude.    How rare is that these days? This place just reeks of Class!  . . The Cosmopolitan is beautiful and looks like the top supermodel on the Vegas strip to beat.  I'm a fan of the boutique-ish L.A. look filled with an eclectic arrangement of posh modern decor furniture.    High quality building materials adorn the casino floors and lounge areas.    The lighting is placed flawlessly and with precision to set the right mood to make you feel good.    Not too dark to be too somber, but simultaneously not too bright and flashy to strain your eyes.    The elegant,  crystal chandeliers that are strewn throughout are absolute eye candy. . . I went at nighttime so nobody was at the pool lounge because it was so cold, but I can tell this is going to be 'buzz' when the weather warms up a bit.    Pool tables, foosball tables and posh cabanas are scattered throughout to create a cheerful atmosphere of a party.  . . Cosmopolitan is a hotel part of the Marriot conglomerate so it appears that they are shunning the typical Vegas look and embracing the old school Vegas Rat Pack fused with a fresh neo-modern look.    . . Hotel staff is a class act.   They look you in the eyes and warmly greet you.  . . WOOO!  I'm a fan.  I signed up for their Players Card and will be returning soon.
The rooms are nice, but not as plush as I would expect, but nice nonetheless.  The real stunner in the rooms is the bathroom/shower.  It utilizes an open plan with a nice square sit in spa tub over looking the beautiful skyline of Vegas hotels.  It's the perfect place to relax with champangne and strawberries.
this review is for the player card staff. . .. very helpful and friendly. . .i had a blast applying for a card. . .. i feel great being helped by someone who enjoys their job there. . .. . hotel is 4 stars. . .walked around. . .i felt this hotel got smaller. . . instead of buliding width wise they built height wise. . . very nice hotel a bit confusing just to exit though. . .and lost $25 on wheel of fortune slot machine! booo hahahaha
most beautiful hotel in the strip. decor is awww so inspiring, love it here
Love this hotel! All blinged out from the second you walk through those doors. . . Terrace Suite: 1 bedroom, 2 full bathrooms, balcony with gorgeous strip view, kitchen, living room. AWESOME! . . Decor: Breathtaking! . . Parking Structure: Out of this world crazy organized! Each spot has a light above indicating if the spot is available or taken. . . Alright, we didn't actually stay here, but were here for most of our trip this weekend. It was our friend's birthday, and we prepartied and hung out in her suite a lot. The suite absorbed 20 people. Definitely a great place to stay when you want to party it up in your room before heading out to the clubs or casinos.
Loved it here!. . My best-friend and I stayed in the Wrap-around suite 2 months back and i have to say, it was amazing!. Beautiful decor!  Very modern!  . Total sex hotel!  From the master bedroom, there are NO doors to the bathroom and who ever is showering, they are in plain view of anyone in the room.  . I took a bubble bath my last day, and it was great.  So relaxing!. There is a full kitchen that had not only a sink, but a freakin' oven and stove! I mean, I don't know who comes to vegas to cook, but damn was that impressive.  . They even had a washer and dryer...crazy.. My absolute favorite part was the BALCONY! Our view was spectacular!  I had a view of the entire strip.  On the living room side, was the City Center/Aria then on the other side Planet Hollywood was right in front of us and so was the rest of the strip.  Best view of my life!. They also provided us with a turn-down service.  Legit.. . The casino is very fancy but gets very busy since its such a new hotel. . . We didn't go clubbing but I heard that people who stay at the Cosmo get in free to Marque.  I'll be back in a couple weeks to see how that goes. =). . I did think it is actually quite small for a hotel, but if you stay in their wrap-around, you'll never want to leave your room. =)
All I wanted this weekend was to have a nice, relaxing yet slightly inebriated time with my boyfriend.  The Cosmo provided the perfect venue for everything I could possibly need and want.  After making some phone calls and speaking to the front desk, we got some nice upgrades and ended up with my ideal hotel room - a one bedroom terrace suite overlooking the bellagio fountains.  I tried my best to hold in the squealing until we actually made it to the room.  Staff and amenities were great, even the cleaning service was great (they managed to fix our room up twice in a day and even caught some quick tidying up when we were out for a couple hours for dinner).  I loved that our room was an atypical Vegas room with a kitchenette and balcony.. . We took advantage of staying at the Cosmo and checked out Marquee, the Wicked Spoon Buffet and the "secret" pizzeria (which also delivers until 3am for room service)!. . I loved our time at the Cosmopolitan and will hopefully go back again soon!
I have nooooo clue how I missed it but, I did.... . There's tvs (yes, plural,) pool tables, arcade games area in the pool deck!. . And a jacuzzi that can prolly hold 25 people.. . Ughh, this hotel...ohh-sooo-impressive!
We've stayed at the Terrace One Bedroom - Premium View a week ago, and it was~ AMAZING!. . The best features of the room were:. 1. Chic and modern spacious living room.. . 2. A meticulously designed kitchenette with microwave and Sub-Zero mini-bar.. . 3. Large mirrored closets with leather bench seating.. . 4. Sliding glass doors open to an oversized private terrace, the view was incredible!. . 5. A large, decadent bathroom features a sensuous Japanese soaking tub with a view of the skyline. . . 6.Flat Screen Televisions.. . 7. CO Bigelow toiletries, and tooth brush!. . I'm really looking forward to stay here again in the future~
I can't say enough good things about this hotel! Down to the most intimate detail, this hotels was on point.  For a massive hotel that is servicing thousands of guests in a day, you still get the personalized service as if though you were staying in a much smaller hotel. The staff was fabulous!. . The design was indescribable. It was modern, detailed, insanely creative, thoughtfully/artfully crafted. You couldn't stop looking around you, whether you were hanging out in your room, relaxing at one of their bars, or taking your chances in the casinos. It was an endless feast for the senses.. . Their restaurants were delicious, we ate at the Wicked Spoon twice, and also China Poblano, the hidden pizza place & Blue Ribbon Sushi.  We tried out a few of their bars as well, Chandelier, Bond & Vesper. All had awesome service & creative drink specials. . . I could go on forever about our experience,  but I probably shouldn't. :) Just check it out next time you are in Vegas. It is expensive, but totally worth it!!
My favorite place to stay in Vegas. Most rooms come with a private balcony with awesome views. Great service clean rooms great restaurants superb decor..Will definitely be back!
BEST PLACE IN VEGAS!. i will never stay anywhere else again!
There is no enough words to say about this hotel. Outstanding design and technology. Congratulations!
Very Very Awesome!!! We stayed here for 1 night. One of the best hotels ever!
- Great limo service: Our limo driver picked us up right on time and was waiting for us at the aiport :) - we had ONE mishap where the limo driver picked up the wrong couple (turns out they had the SAME color outfit we had on. the Mr. had on a gray sweater and I had on black trainers... and i guess the other couple wore something similar... and get this... they were going to the cosmo too!! lol what a trip that was.... and both that guy and my mr. had the same name). . - Our host: Mr. Webster (great man indeed) greeted us at the door, got our room keys ready, escorted us to our room, made our reservations, got our limo ready, etc. . - The hotel staff : excellent staff very professional. Prompted right away to get us what we needed.. . - The spa: http://www.yelp.com/biz/sahra-spa-and-hammam-las-vegas#hrid:BpEFh2x1CGE6uFNV4xXkVA. . - The hotel itself: Wow, absolutely stunning hotel. The colors the crystals.... everything about it was so elegant and luxurious... But hey it's vegas... They have a restaurant here called The Blue Ribbon - try their Wagyu beef.... trust it's worth the money :D http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-ribbon-sushi-bar-and-grill-las-vegas#hrid:vVdz6E_nvPZCrQeCz1o46w/src:self
Was just here for my second time on Saturday and all I can say is this place is too cool for school. The Vegas strip casino for all you hipsters out there. I mean i heard this place was going for the younger, chic crowd, and they nailed it for sure. Both times I was there it seemed no one looks over 40 in this place, unless they are working there. I mean it had the young crowd of the Palms and HardRock, but without the Barbie and Ken types that make those places annoying. . . First time i was there, I went for the Black Keys show back on feb. 20th, while the venue itself, the Chelsea was just a ballroom with bars on the side, the show was great, but not rating that here though. Walked around before the show and was just amazed by design and architecture of the whole place. Got drunk at the show off Glenmorganie Scotch for $10 a drink, which is reasonable. Went home, happy times. . . On Saturday I was back to there Book and Stage bar. My buddy told me of a free show for Robert Randolph & The Family Band. Pulled into self parking, which is very cool in itself, all floors have a sign showing you the number of spots left on that floor, and have arrows pointing you to where the spots are, because sensors are above every space, knowing whether its open or closed, then all the elevators have murals by famous graffiti artists, but I digress. . . Had a great time at the Book and Stage, Robert Randolph & The Family Band put on an awesome show, but best part was the beer selection. It was amazing, I had a Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA and a Trappistes Rochefort 8  for $7 each. You can hardly find the Trappistes for under $4 in a liquor store, if they even have it. So to have it at your center bar, for $7 during a free concert, well you get 5 stars for the whole hotel just for that.
If you're looking for luxury, look no further.  The Cosmopolitan is fabulous!  Amazing architecture & design, cool layout, good use of space and more decadent than you could ever imagine.  The hotel rooms are exquisite, but if you're looking to splurge, upgrade to one of the beautiful, opulent suites.  The restaurants are on the higher end, but if you're a "foodie" like me, your palate will appreciate every single bite.  There are also fabulous bars located everywhere in the Cosmopolitan, it's worth a trip to stop by a few of them to try out the signature cocktail offerings.  The Marquee nightclub is also a must-see!  There is NO other spot like it!
VIDEO of our stay: http://vimeo.com/21425892. . We saw the original commercial and then decided to stay at the hotel because it looked so awesome. It turns out that the majority of the commercial was shot on a set so we couldn't even replicate the actual scenes. Regardless we had fun and that hotel is so fresh.
By far, the best experience in Las Vegas. The terrace rooms are unbelievable! With spectacular views and plenty of room to roam, the terrace rooms are your own private get-away in the heart of Vegas. The pool areas and amenities are also great! When I first walked out by one of four pools I felt like I was on a cruise ship in the middle of the Caribbean. Warm weather, pool tables, ping pong, foosball, drinks, hot tubs, and a huge pool with plenty of relaxing seating.  As a person who enjoys the night life but also spending quiet time in my room, this is the perfect place for you. The Cosmopolitan boutique hotel is also perfectly situated in the fantastic city center area - located right in the middle of the strip, next to the Bellagio. And no, I do not work for the Cosmopolitan or have any relation with this organization.
Just returned from a business conference in Las Vegas for a week.  I can't say enough about this great hotel.  First, a shout out to Eric at the front desk, who took great care of me and made sure I got a great room with an awesome view.  The room was amazing, comfortable, clean, and the bed was crazy comfortable.  Having a terrace was a huge plus. Everyone in the hotel was very helpful (and I am a bit of a snob about that kind of stuff) and bent over backwards to make sure things were as they should be.  Will return here again and again on future business and personal trips to the Strip.
This was my hotel for my first time in Vegas. I was there for a conference, and it was great! The vibe, the decor, the people were all great. Best place was Bond Bar, followed closely by Wicked Spoon Buffet. Being the newest hotel it's hard to not be hip. I went to a few other places like Paris, Bellagio and NY, NY and they all seemed so old. When I go back to Vegas again chances are I will stay here at the Cosmo!
If Sex and the City was to create a casino, it would be this place.It's glitzy and pink, and makes you think of Carrie and Samantha. Cool bands play here for free. There are lots of great restaurants. The pool area is nice. The parking garage is superior to most others. There's a secret pizzeria. You can get original art from vintage cigarette machines for $5. There's a fun lounge area with free pool and an actual record player. It's got a bar inside a giant chandelier. And all of the bars actually have good beer. So yeah, it's awesome.
Very chic and hip - loved the design from the lobby, elevators to the all of the chandeliers - the rooms were fantastic. Great choice of restaurants, bars and people-watching.. Bathrooms have a viewing window from the bedroom....haha...very interesting. Mini-bars are stocked with binoculars (I immediately closed by drapes!) and Sensual Packs aka condoms....Vegas has so much edgy humor - I love it! I will be back to stay here!
I absolutely LOVE the Cosmopolitan.. . I went here to spend my 21st birthday (it is a MUST) here with some friends and family and I have to say, staying at the Cosmo was the best choice ever.. . It didn't start off smoothly though, they placed me in the Terrace One Bedroom without the premium view and switched me to another one facing the City Center. One problem - the room wasn't entirely clean.. . Called the front desk and got transferred over to a lovely young lady (whose name I wil not state) who upgraded me to the TWO BEDROOM SUITE THAT IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR REGULAR GUESTS.. . That room is the size of an apartment if not LARGER. I almost wanted to spend my entire 3 days there in my suite but of course, I didn't. . . The rooms alone just FEEL fresh. It is nice to know you are sleeping in a bed that hasn't been there for over a year. . . The staff is friendly and consistently called to ensure that everything in my room was right seeing that I was switched a total of 3 times.. . To make the trip even better they sent 2 complementary mojitos and chocolate covered strawberries up to my suite :] Talk about amazing customer service!. . If you're going to go to Vegas, you must go big or go home. With that being said, everything in the Cosmopolitan is more expensive than in other hotels I have stayed at. . . Room service, restaurants, you name it, it'll seem a bit more pricy; however, this is the newest hotel on the strip with the best chic looking casino floor anyone can imagine.. . A word about Marquee, IT IS A MUST. Arrive early and get on the guest list.. . I don't know how it would feel if I were standing in that ridiculous line, but I can imagine you wouldn't be buzzed by the time you get in. Lucky for us, we had the connections and went straight in :]. . . If you're going to Vegas, stay at Cosmo. Not because it is THE place to be, but because nothing else compares after you've spent a weekend or two there. The Cosmopolitan experience is priceless.
The Cosmo, let's go.. .  Although we live in Vegas, we chose to wait until the weather got a bit warmer to stay, so that we could just kick back on the terrace, enjoy some wine and chill.  The 20 pictures I loaded in will attest to the overall comfort of the Tower Suite, the amazing views and just a beautiful amibence. Living in town, we can eat, club or whatever at anytime. What we like to do with a room is......check in, go up to the room and have a drink or two and enjoy some personal time. Next is take advantage of the great showers and tubs, get cleaned up and go down to the casino. We both played and won a little, saw a kick-ass rock band in one of the bars and got upstairs at 2:00am. Ordered up room service which is flat out great here both with service and food, ate it on the terrace while loving the view and then start over and sleep. Wake up and get some more room service, it's too good to go out for. Then down to check out, make the long 10 minute drive and we are home. That to us is a perfect sta-cation and the Cosmo moves right up to the top of the list for a return visit.. . Just a few shout out's to people, who if you are lucky to meet, will make your stay that much more perfect.....Devon at the front desk, the desk manager, Lana, Karen and Kim in the housekeeping department, Rudy, who brings all that great food up to the room and lastly, Connie, one of the casino hosts who was most helpful and friendly.. . All in all a Big 5 Stars to this newest property in our great town.
My husband and I travel quite a but... but this hotel is creme de la creme... our room had a terrace, the coziest bed. We loved the way we could change the lighting, temp of room and more via our tv. . The service is great. This hotel makes you want to dress up again! Super Swank, Super Sexy .. . The only downside, i heard the club music @ 2,3, and 4am in the morning.
Beautiful!!! This is where im gonna stay next time!! The decor and furniture is ohhh sooo chic.
I've never stayed here but I have gone in to have dinner. The decor is so beautiful. It's very hip, straight line designs, color themes, just amazing. It's nice and spacious and people are smiling left and right. . . I've only walked around the first floor but I'm already craving to stay here the next time I come to Vegas.
Very quickly becoming my favorite hotel in Vegas.  I went on opening night and thought it was a bit overrated.  It looked really cool, so I've given it a few more tries.. . When gambling, I've found that the dealers are the coolest.  They have a sense of humor, and the floormen allow them to have fun with their jobs.  Some other casinos get really strict about if I can be sitting or not, and touching some cards isn't allowed.  I've done everything in the book that gets me yelled at elsewhere.  Cosmopolitan just rolls with it.. . The pool is obviously awesome.  It is going to be the hot spot of the summer.  And they drain the pool and have concerts out here... I saw Girl Talk and it was a great venue to be at, other than it was slightly windy and cold.. . Oh, and they throw a bunch of different open bars and food events for FREE if you have a players card.  I'm proud to say I got my players card on opening night and have a four digit number.  That's pretty cool in itself, I'm like a founding member!. . Also, parking is easy to get to off Harman if you want to avoid the strip.  And walking distance from Citycenter if you happen to find yourself there.
I recently spent 5 nights at the Cosmopolitan celebrating my 30th birthday. I worked with their group sales rep (Sabrina), and she was awesome, she helped my group book over 10 rooms - all with great views, great prices, and even a complimentary upgrade to the Terrace Suite for myself :) One friend did request a different room, and she was accommodated until she was pleased. Sabrina also was kind enough to put our entire group on the same floor (without me asking), which made planning for the weekend so much easier. . . If you stay at the Cosmopolitan, make sure you make it to the Bond Bar for at least a cocktail, it really may be my favorite place in Vegas! . . The rooms are just spectacular, and that is mostly due to the amazing views of the Bellagio Fountains. Sure, this hotel is still new, and has a few kinks to work out, but everyone I encountered from the Dealers to the Bellman was warm, helpful and efficient. The Cosmo casino staff/dealers were the most fun out of any of the places we went too - and that really does make a difference (although the tables do get pricey). . . If I had to gripe about anything, I would say the Cosmo could provide information about the Identity Membership rewards and the housekeeping service was just okay. That said, the rooms are GORGEOUS, the food was amazing, and the location was perfect. It will be hard to stay anywhere else!
So my sis and I came here for our "28th" birthday.. . I had planned out most of the events/ reservations with April Nakaji, who ROCKs!!!! Thanks for your time and efforts, and sweet demeanor April!!!. . We got there after the Cosmo Limo picked us up from the airport. Dusty was gracious, and provided us with a welcoming experience.. . We then got there early (9:00AM), early, and didn't have  room yet, but were able to check in. We already planned on spa day, and so had reservations for mani/pedi, scrub, spa-ing all day (See Sahra Spa review).. . We had our fill, but not before taking amazing pics of the dogs and the stilettos in the foyers.. . We then went to lunch at the Wicked spoon...awesome! What fresh farm to table cuisine, lots of fresh veggies, and fruits concocted in the most amazing presentations, with such dishes that I will try to find and order o the internet!  I am picky about eating fresh, raw veggies with my meals, and I just adored the gratifying steamed and lightly steamed veggies Wicked Sppon offered as part of the entree, and even as an entree.... . We then went to the Spa to have a Shellac Mani-Pedi, and Salt Total Body scrub. There was some patron there trying to convince us in the steam room that we should have spent our money elsewhere i.e Aria, but beware of competition in the form of blondie girls looking to lure you!! Weird!! I know!!!. . We went to the spa, the cold plunge, steam room, sauna...see my review under Sahra Spa!. . We then went to our room. I paid for a 1 bedroom suite, but April (my sweet concierge) decided to upgrage us to a Bellagio Fountain View (OMG). I ordered a dozen mylan balloons to be there for my twin sis, and a delish fruit basket, thanks for setting it up, including our bags.. . That night we got ready and went directly to Encore for La Reve!!!! Super Duper!!! You HAVE to see it!!!. . We came back, stood in line at Marquee for about an hour...a little flirting got us NO where, so we left and went to Bond...see my review there...LOVED it!!. . We then went back to Marquee...slipped the "guy with the clipboard" a $20 and got in to the front of the line....IT WAS 2:20 BY NOW, FYI, and the lines were outrageous...we danced our souls away until 5:00AM, and OMG did we have an amazing early birthday celebration in Vegas.... . I can't wait to come back...I'll definitely come back just with my twin too!!. . Look out for us!!
I LOVE THIS PLACE. Seriously felt overdressed the first night I went. Most of the girls are wearing short dresses. The decor is stylish and the best thing I liked about it was the Book & Stage. It's a lounge that hosted smaller bands that are playing coachella but for free!! I was shocked! . One thing I've noticed is service was over the top. Also signed up for the gambling card... Suddenly forgot the name... anyway I've book tickets to the pool concerts which are 2x points on the card. Just show your tickets! . . This is a trendy place but it doesn't loose it's edge in service. Everyone I spoke to was awesome. From getting in and out and ordering drinks (Strip price drinks, naturally) but still for a local it's less gimmicky and more style, luxury and a fantastic night on the town. You'll see me here often!!!
Overall AMAZING!  . . I work on the strip in one of the finest hotels in Las Vegas and I will, from here on out, suggest and refer my family and friends to stay at the Cosmo. The room was gorgeous! Amazing view from our west tower.  It was probably one of the best views of the strip I've seen.  Having a balcony is a nice asset, we left the slider door open and just relaxed on the bed, listening to the sounds of the busy nightlife is actually quite peaceful, I've never heard it like that before. . . Check in was quick and efficient.  The lobby was unique and if you like art, you'll be intrigued at almost every turn..  . Every single associate we encountered was stupendously friendly!  All around excellent experience.  . . The spa was ok.  When I go to a spa I prefer a more tranquil and relaxing quiet experience, there were a lot of chatty Cathys that day.  The decor doesn't scream peace.  It's much more modern.  Although the staff was friendly, I didn't care for it.  I won't go back again.. . Great selection of restaurants, however, they are ALL overpriced! Which got really annoying.  Price gounging at it's finest!!. . Room service was excellent!. . The Chandelier Bar is gorgeous, definitely a hot spot!  . I will name Marquee one of the best and newest clubs in LV.  It's huge and keeps going, mulitple rooms! . . LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
SO GLAMOUROUS! I love this hotel. Not only is it modern but it embodies wealth and opulence. The front desk is super accommodating and helpful. They got us an amazing view of the Bellagio/water show and totally hooked us up with a twin bed without charge! They answered all our questions and even tried to make sure we had a guestlist for Marquee. . . All in all, service was great. The rooms were more on the artsy side. We got a suite so you had the living room area and they had books, prints, etc. The hotel is really easy to get around. As long as you know which building you are in, its super easy to come and go as you please. . . The casino is also very fun. The feel is more relaxed and modern. You have crystals hanging everywhere and everything feels brighter and cleaner for some reason.
By far my Fav place on the strip and it exceeded my expectations. I'll be back for sure
This place is SO AMAZING!!!  I felt like a princess.  So glamorous!. . My favorite hotel, resort, casino, bar (The Chandelier) , and restaurants!. . I would recommend going to The Cosmopolitan, even if your not staying there.  It's so beautiful, and everyone can appreciate the work put into the design and decor.. . My favorite place is the The Chandelier bar.  We like to party inside this giant chandelier. The bar is 3 stories tall, and has it's encased in an enormously audacious chandelier that is said to be strung with 2 million beaded Swarovski crystals.. . WOW!!!!!
Ooh definitely one of my favorite spots in vegas. Classy and modern. Each and every bar was well thought out. Within this seemingly tiny space holds a impressive number of little touches that you haven't seen from any of the other casinos on the strip. It has the charm of the boutique hotels off the strip combined with the capabilities and service of any of the top hotel casinos on the strip. . . Shucks, even before I set foot the dang casino they were already thinking about me. The digital billboard telling you how many parking spots are available, the Shepard Fairy wheatpaste in the parking lot, cute lil green lights on the parking lot's ceilings to tell you whether a spot is open for you. I'm amazed. Then there's the DJs and performers they book. Anywhere else you're in the country you are gonna pay to see performers such as Mayer Hawthorne, Aloe Blacc, as well as DJs like Eleven and Cosmo Baker. Not at good ole Cosmo!. . Marquee and Wicked spoon are respectively concidered one of the top clubs and buffets in town. The theres the cool pool which overlooks the strip. By golly, these cats definitely have their $#!t together. Well to be fair, I think the only thing they have missing is a top notch vegas show, but who knows, it certainly wouldn't surprise me if they had one in the works.
Amazing hotel-from check-in to the rooms, bed, restaurants, casino, and even the toiletries they give you. Well designed, ultra modern and sheik. No Vegas tacky here. I even like the Way the bathrooms were furnished. You even check in on an iPad. The lobby has screens from floor to ceiling, so you can never be bored waiting. I rarely gamble, but decided to play roulette and the dealer was way cool. I ate at Comme Ca, steak tartare was good, pot de creme-delish!
Awesome and trendy hotel. This hotel has all the amenities a 5 star hotel must have and more. Staff is friendly and helpful, however sometimes service took a little longer because they seem to still trying to get things together since its a fairly new hotel. Room was very nice, had a terrace, 2 TV's, refrigerator, microwave, and Japanese tub. Will stay here again in the future.
Love this place!
Love this Casino !!!  the rooms are Gorgeous ! they have wonderful Restaurants, beautiful Chandelier Bars, and they have 3 Fantastic Pools to choose from, this is my favorite place in Las Vegas now, it used to be Caesars Palace !!! oh! they have a microwave, dishwasher, and a minibar in room !
This place is ridiculously upscale and nice. Even the casino seems very clean and tidy (which is hard to pull off), and the smell of smoke is hardly noticeable. They must have some smoke ventilation system going on in there because there were people smoking everywhere and I could barely smell it. It also appears the investors spared no expenses in the decor and materials used in the construction of this place. All the light fixtures look spectacular and the bathrooms are all "fancy-tiled" and granite'd out (I made up another word) and there are plenty of stalls in the two bathrooms I visited. We walked around throughout all the levels, and went up and down the levels of the chandelier bar and up by marquee. It looked nice. All the restaurants looked high dollar and very nice even tho they were pretty empty (Thursday at about 3 pm) I particularly liked the pool tables, the foosball tables, and all the chairs and loungey areas throughout. Everything looked classy and this is my new favorite casino/hotel, but it's hard to reason with that kinda price tag. If I was a high roller I would spend some serious time in this building.. 5 stars for the decor, cleanliness and overall vibe.
Beautifully Constructed and a fun place to be!. . I have watched so many of the new Casinos open in vegas and kept expecting to be amazed, but always ended up disappointed.  Enter the Cosmo.  From my first step inside I was very impressed.  The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous, it is open, modern and nothing less then fabulous.  . . I love the Chandalier bar, it's stunning and has plenty of seating.  As I beginning to move away from the Vegas club scene, this made for a fun night out.  That being said I haven't been to Marquee (looked nice from the outside). but I did hear bad things from a friend.  Either way, I will be back here for a night out.. . I am going to consider staying here a night just for fun, instead of opting to be with my friends my next visit out.
Very nice hotel! The best word I can use to describe would be very swanky! Everything from check in to the room the pools the food were awesome! Highly recommend!
Absolutely beautif-  No no no.. wait... I can't use one word to describe this place.. It's glamorous, chic, upscale, hip, fun and sexy sexy sexy... Wow.. From the moment I got out of the cab and walked into this property, I knew I was in for it. . . During the day, there's heavy foot traffic all over Vegas. Tourists are hitting up every spot from south strip to north strip. Cosmopolitan is the newest and hottest at the moment. The people walking throughout the casino are just regular folks, but then you start noticing that there's a slightly larger portion of physically attractive people. I'll get back to this in a bit.. . So, we get into our room which is located on the East Tower. We had requested a view looking over the Bellagio Fountains, but the guy told us that we would have to wait until check-in time in order to see what they have available. But he offered a room for early check-in, which was one of the few rooms that were available right away. We took it.. It's not always easy to get a room early in a property that's normally 100% booked at 12:00 PM on day of check-in. So, my buds and I take a elevator trip (You need your keycard just to use any of the elevators leading to guest floors, awesome! Keeps the scavengers out!) We get into our room, and it's just immaculate! The rooms are gorgeous, two TVs, a balcony overlooking Aria and the Boulevard pool as well as Marquee Dayclub. Plush beds, couches, electrical outlets and USB ports everywhere. Separate bathtub, shower (If you happen meet someone, or you're with your significant other, that shower has plenty of space.. And if you're extra freaky, there's space for for about 3 more, lol, just saying). . . The service provided by Cosmo was just impeccable! We must have called them on 7 different occasions just for random things and they're always happy to provide them and even give you a service call later to see if you received everything. On top of that, they have 24 hour housekeeping so you can request a clean room any time you want! We always left a nice tip to the cleaning ladies and had rooms cleaned above and beyond with even our shoes lined up and our own personal bathroom items arranged nicely.. . Within the next few days, we took advantage of the Bamboo Pool and the Boulevard Pool. This is when I noticed that almost 90% of the hot people you see walking around Cosmo are staying at Cosmo and the rest are just people walking through. I've never seen so many hot bodies in one place in my life. Beautiful women lounging and strutting their goods all over the property. I would definitely recommend the Boulevard Pool over the Bamboo Pool because it's more upbeat and you can hear all the music bumping from its own DJ or from the Marquee Dayclub. Marquee Dayclub might have the most upbeat, but there's also cover to pay, so I'd rather just take advantage of what comes free with our stay at the property. The cocktails were good, but they ran out of mint leaves so they couldn't make any Mojitos.. BOOOOOO!! But that's OK. I had plenty of other drinks to make up for one lost one, lol. . . Every single bar there is impressive, all beautiful with the glitz and glam, crystals everywhere. And of course Chandelier Bar was by far one of the most impressive sights I've laid my eyes on.. . In short, my buddies were stunned by this property and we all agreed that this is the spot to be in.. . On a side note.. This is a very lively property. You can hear music from Marquee in the whee hours when most normal people are trying to get shuteye... But everyone knows that Vegas is everything but normal.. The age range is mainly between 25-35, and there are definitely female beauties of all shapes, sizes and ethnicities (high maintenance as well) all over the place. The guys are a mix of frat dudes, pretty boys and a few meathead types. I mention these things because it may not be everyone's cup of tea. If you're looking for a more down-to-earth type of feel, this might not be the spot.  I like this place because it's not as boring and pretentious as Bellagio or Caesars, but it's not as as Douchebaggy as Hard Rock or Palms. This place is hip and sexy and it completely stands apart from any other property in Vegas. . . I look forward to making this place my hotel of choice on my next visit to Vegas.
The chandelier in the middle of the hotel is ridiculously beautiful!  Stunning!  And I'm kind of a hotel snob, so it takes a lot to impress me.
It's all about the Cosmo! My two hotspots i had to visit were at the Cosmopolitan. Wicked Spoon Buffet and The Pizzaria. Walking through this hotel to get to these places were alot of fun. Random things all over the place. Maybe not those bunnies on the commercials, but shoes in the middle of nowhere, cool cigarette dispenser looking things offering artwork. Sparkly stuff. I loved walking through this place and hope to one day stay here and party at the Marquee.
I didn't stay here but next I will be! I went there to see a concert, Nas and Damian Marley!! They were both amazing but that is a different story. The concert was in the pool area and one of the best venues ever! Not only is there plenty of cozy places to seat to enjoy the show but you can exactly see the stage and everything going on.  I do not like standing in the front because I am short and can never see anything. Plus I hate people stepping all over me and getting all up in my personal space. We were not even close to the first people to walking into the venue and we still found two lounge chairs in direct view of the concert. We sat there the whole time. We stood up to dance and mingle but we didn't have to move once. . . The hotel it self is by far the most classy and vibrant hotel on the strip. The lighting and the unique design makes it undeniably the hippest hotel in town!
Let me start by saying that I received an invitation from Cosmo so I got a really good rate. (will not detail that as they wouldn't be happy to find out it's on yelp) . . Our room is on the 30th floor, the highest in the lower section.  Elevators are seperatedly operating for guests who live on or below 30th floor, 31-47th floor, and to the top of the roof.  . . Everything from the TV system to books left all over the room are well designed, chic and relaxing.  The Japanese soaking tub next to the telescoping glass overlooking the skyline has a second-to the-first increditble view after the breathtaking scene at the balcony.. . With complimentary wifi, this modern mecca is the latest addition to the strip and where you should to be when you're in Vegas.
The GF and I were in town for the weekend for the Vegas Uncork'd food and wine thing.  I had a comped room at another place for Fri-Mon, but needed a place for Thurs night.  The Cosmopolitan being the newest kid on the block was the choice...a choice made easier since it's a Marriott-affiliated property and I got Marriott Rewards points for our stay.  . . Upon entering the glistening new glass and steel high-rise temple to excess, I was struck by opulent, modern yet retro interior which seemed like something you'd see if a movie set designer melded a casino out of a Sean Connery era and a Daniel Craig era Bond film.  However, I like how Sarah Jane W describes it in her review, "It's like Bob Mackie rose from the grave, snorted a trashbag full of meth, and went apeshit with a BeDazzler."  It's over the top, but it works!  . . We got a standard room (or at least that's what I had requested).  I wasn't so sure because it was arguably the nicest non-suite room I've been in Vegas or anywhere else for that matter.  It was on the 67th floor with a balcony, facing northward up the Strip, and overlooked the Bellagio's fountain.  Needless to say, we had an incredible view!  We were far enough up that street noise wasn't a problem, but we could hear the water cannons from the fountain shows but it also wasn't a problem.  The room was split into three equal-sized sections, the sleeping area with an uber-comfortable bed (among the best I've slept in in Vegas) and a 42" HD flat-panel; the sitting area with wet bar and 50" HD flat-panel; and the bathroom with his/her sinks, a huge-ass shower with a bench, and a toilet in its own "closet". . . The rest of the Cosmopolitan has the standard Vegas resort amenities.  It has a nice pool with cabanas and full food and drink service (I highly recommend the Suntory Smash...a delicious cocktail!).  We didn't check out the Marquee Dayclub pool.  We weren't looking for a Spring Break atmosphere.  The Cosmopolitan has wide range of fine dining choices from big-name chefs.  Restaurant reviews covered separately.  The Cosmo's various bars are all classy-looking, ideally located for optimal people watching, with decent drink selections (although I think the cocktail choices leaned too heavily toward vodka and gin-based drinks and neglected scotch and bourbon-based ones).  We chose not to try the Marquee Nightclub...it wasn't our particular scene.  One non-standard amenity was the free wi-fi throughout the property.  We had good connectivity and speeds in our room.  Your mileage will certainly vary.  It may not be as fast or reliable as what you may have at home, but it's FREE!. . Most importantly for any casino (and a major reason for my trip to Vegas) is the gaming.  The Cosmopolitan possessed the requisite variety of table games, slots and video poker machines with a wide range of minimums.  Don't expect to find a $5 blackjack table, which is fine by me!  Dealers were friendly, but all-too-proficient at taking my money.  The cocktail waitresses were attractive and dressed in short, low-cut, but very classy dresses that wouldn't look out of place at a black tie cocktail party.  Cocktail service for gamblers was attentive and reasonably fast. . . The "new car smell" wears off quickly with all Vegas casinos especially once the next new casino is built.  That said, the Cosmopolitan offers a very pleasing all-around experience which should withstand the test of time.  In the end, the Cosmopolitan greatly exceeded my expectations as a resort hotel and casino and has become my first choice to stay and play when I come to Las Vegas!
amazing decor.  amazingambiance.  tons of aweseome food options and multiple pools on mutliple floors. tons of beautiful women lounging around the pool and the bars.  i dont know if they are hookers or not, but they are great fun to check out
A CliffNotes review of this club is all that is needed.. . Awesome venue in virtually every way - great, diverse music, huge space, stiff drinks, and an upbeat and friendly crowd (which is surprising for a venue this badass and high in demand).. . Needless to say, be prepared to wait awhile in line (although my girls and I lucked out). Also, if I had any complaints about this venue, it'd arguably be one - the bathroom is a schlep from the bars and the dance floor, so brace yourself - or rather, your bladder. Nonetheless, this is a journey I'm willing to make for this place - it's just that good. . . A definite must on the pit stop list on your next trip to V-town!
One of the Best establishments in Vegas!  I had no complaints at all. Excellent service, Friendly staff.  Eye Candy, Small Gaming area, purple hue lighting everywhere, gigantic chandeliers.  We were on the 50th plus floor.  Might i mention the elevators are super fast.  Rooms are Immaculate and Hip.  View from our balcony overlooked the Bellagio.  Perfect setting at night during the water show.  I was pretty surprised with the self parking garage too.  Modern Art on walls, Green light Red light indicators for aisle slots making it easy to find a parking spot.  Perfect place to bring the Ladies!!!!
Simply put, the best place I've ever stayed in LV. I highly recommend.
Wow, what a GREAT place.  I'm pretty sure I've found a favorite.. . This was where the BF and I stayed for our first night.  When you walk into the place, it just looks classy - the chandelier's, the decor - I was enthralled.  . . Our room wasn't ready right away so we went and had lunch, but no sooner had we sat down then they called to say the room was ready.  Fast!  The room was a standard room (so they say).  When we walked in, the bathroom puts my office to shame.  Not only was there a separate shower, toilet and bathtub, but I didn't have to share a sink (ah, the little things can make me so happy).  This had a separate "living room" with its own TV and the "bedroom" had a TV as well.  When you walk out onto the balcony, the view is of the Bellagio fountain.  So a good view during the day AND at night.  The pool was nice, though we only stayed long enough to get hot and have a few cocktails.  I ordered the Suntory Smash.  It was really good - loved the piece of watermelon that came as a garnish.. . The casino itself is pretty standard - has all the right tables and slots (and numerous bars scattered all around in case you might want a drink).    One day we did go specifically to a bar called "Bond" - nice layout, great place to people watch and the drinks were good.  . . For my second trip to Vegas - was a great place to stay, eat, drink and loose money (okay would have preferred not to loose money, but ah well)
The premier place to go for Ballin Ultra Douches. Hit up Marquee, their night club, which, from what I saw, had about a 10:1 female to male ratio, and that's being modest.
LOVE
Loved it here!! I had the pleasure of staying her Valentines Day weekend. As you would imagine, everything here is absolutely beautiful Youthful, modern and chic! . . The room was very spacious and was very clean and modern. The decor was great. I loved the one click on and off lighting. And the ability to close off rooms. However, I was able to hear the people above our room. So the snack area... my fault for picking each item up and reading the information on what exactly they were. However, a really friendly lady at the desk during check out took off all the extra expenses. She also told my boyfriend (I was still getting ready upstairs in our room) that there are secret rooms located throughout the hotel. She knew this because she was applying for the managerial spot and only they were shown these rooms. So oops, I might have let the cat out of the bag- if this was true, you know?. . The morning we left we ordered room service. Nutella stuffed french toast = great bearded jesus that was delicious.  While staying here I was also able to go to the spa which I also wrote a review about here on Yelp. My boyfriend played the back jack tables downstairs and when I came down after the spa him and the floor managers were laughing and smiling from ear-to-ear. . . I would write more about how amazing my experience was here but I'm too lazy to write a whole essay.
I'm going to be honest, not sure what some people are complaining about. I stayed from May 6-10 and didnt want to leave. YES, I had to wait a hour and a half for my room at 5 o'clock. How did I remedy this? Holstien's while I watched the Bulls playoff game. Never been so full off a turkey burger, it was delicious. Went back downstairs got keys, and went up to my terrace one bedroom. To keep from restating the coolness that is this hotel from other people, i'll give some notes:. . Room: way bigger than expected. I was there on a busy weekend, and was STILL offered upgrade due to girlfriends birthday to a room not published online with 360 degree views but no balcony. I stuck  with my room and was NOT dissapointed. People say that you cant share this room because you can see in bathroom. Garbage. I had friends in a penthouse in MGM visit and just closed the shades, and wall perforation, you couldnt see a THING in there. (By the way my friend said he LOVED Cosmo and hated his choice of room. In your FACE bro, told you.). . Hotel: THE place to be. If you want to be in the middle of it all, THIS is where it is. The whole "earth shaking noise" people complain about is non-existant in my eyes. I was on 38 floor in east tower too, so it wasnt i was too high, you people are complaining just to do it. Shut yo face. Only saw 1 pool but hell, that was impressive enough. The stores are great in the fact they are unlike the rest of the stores you are tired of seeing on the strip. The whole place feels new everytime you look at it, it was refreshing.. . Restaurants: holstiens got my business twice. Delicious, son. If I had to give kudos to just ONE other restaurant i couldnt, because the buffet and the pizza place took my money ALL weekend. The pizza is great for that late night bite, or nuked in the mic for vegas breakfast. The buffet had unlimited mimosas and crab stuffed salmon. Nuff said.. . All in all i'd never stay anywhere else. the balcony for breakfast, a drink, and whatEVER else comes to mind when you have a strip view balcony and a sig other (ahem) cant be beat. Ignore the hate, see for yourself. And if your friends book somewhere else, well the will hate you, but whats vacation without the jealousy stories??
The most classy and cutting edge hotel in las Vegas. STK is best steakhouse and the chandelier bar rocks. Marquee is the best club in town. The sushi restaurant is pricey but is excellent. Their pool area and rooms are amazing. My favorite place!!
I am a local of Las Vegas and I love staying at hotels all over the strip just for the exerience. All I have to say is WOW! Everything from the food to the customer service is great. I will come back
Wow, best hotel experience ever, anywhere...coming from me, that says a lot!. . I travel a ton and have stayed at hotels all over the world.  They've ranged from 2-star to 5-star and my experience at the Cosmopolitan was absolutely an incredible 5-star.  To start off, you enter the hotel with a huge dramatic sign (COSMOPOLITAN) letting you know exactly where you are.  The main lobby is full of LCD screens with changing graphics that add to the glamor of the hotel.  The rooms were amazing - I believe they all have balconies and ours looked over the LV strip, which was amazing.  The room itself is HUGE!  It was basically a suite with a  separate living room, changing area, comfortable bedroom and a huge bathroom, which included a big tub that also looked-out over the strip.  There are two LCD TVs in the room and the entire thing is decorated with chic furniture.. . The amenities at the hotel are crazy - 3 pools (including the very chic Marquee Dayclub), the Marquee Nightclub, a handful of lounges/bars, fantastic restaurants, great shopping, an incredible fitness center and plenty of space for meetings/conventions.  The entire hotel is decked-out in modern, yet ornate furniture and artwork that really makes a statement.  While most hotels have a bit more of a traditional feel, The Cosmopolitan definitely was more cutting edge.. . I received excellent service and loved every part of my stay here...it'll be hard to go anywhere else after this spot.     . . FREE Wi-Fi in every room too!
Take notice Vegas, this is how a hotel is supposed to be. I have only been absent from this place for 3 days now but I am so ready to head back. I stayed here for 5 nights and 4 days and enjoyed every minute of it. We arrived here on at Thursday afternoon and were originally dismayed when they said our rooms were not ready and that we would have to wait. This isn't exactly the thing you want to hear after traveling 2000+ miles but the situation was quickly corrected after our check in lady talked to management. Not only did they get us room upgrades but they were able to get me and my friend rooms on the same floor. Score!! Ronnie our check in lady was also gave us the lowdown on the hotel and told us the best places to eat and shop. First and foremost everything in this place is absolutely stunning (of course its new but its much more than just that). No expense was spared in design or materials. Jesus, they even hired a world famous graffiti artist to spray paint the walls in the parking garage. . . The room was tastefully decorated, comfortable, and spacious. They have kitchenettes which include microwave, fridge (stocked with ultra expensive goodies but still enough room to store some private items), coffee maker, and a sink. They also have a dishwasher and not sure what you would need that for even though one of my lascivious friends told me that sometimes people stick their sexy toys in there. The room has a freaky vibe since anyone in the Japanese soaking tub could be seen from the bedroom due to carefully placed window. The also have a window in the bedroom that opens up to view the shower. The lesson here is to not take any of your horny friends to the Cosmo (they also have a pleasure kit in the room which probably costs $50 and includes some intimate items that could make your night a good one). Ok this sex stuff caused me to digress. The bathroom is very large with nice toiletries.  The closet is also huge. The bed was very comfortable but the pillows weren't firm enough. Other high points:. . Bars/Lounges - the place to be right now in Las Vegas. The crowds tend to be younger and the bartenders here are exquisitely skilled. Every drink I ordered was fantastic. They also don't hold back on the alcohol. Visited The Chandelier a few times and Bond. Didn't make it to Marquee since Benny Benassi and Kaskade were there the weekend I was there and I didn't feel like fighting the crowds. The Chandelier is a nice place to people watch as they pass by all ho'ed up to go to Marquee. . . Restaurants - Tons of great places to get food here. We visited Holsteins, The Wicked Spoon, and Pizzeria. The more expensive joints are on the 3rd floor and we didn't make it here even though we had planned too. If you look at all the ratings collectively for the Cosmopolitan restaurants I dare you to find another hotel on the Strip that beats them currently. This place knows how to do good food.. . Casino - Small as compared to others on the Strip. Limited selection of machines but everyone playing the tables seemed to be having a good time. Don't go to Cosmopolitan if gambling is your sole reason to stay at a hotel. . . Conference Rooms - I actually attended a conference here and it was one of the best conference centers I have been in. The AV was top notch. We had catered breakfast from the hotel each morning which was fantastic. Beautiful interior. Can't wait until they offer another conference here.. . The Cosmopolitan clearly has a "anti-ugly" hiring policy. Everyone that works there is gorgeous. Hell even the maid staff seems to look like one of the first few contestants knocked off America's Next Top Model. I had to do a double take because I thought the bartender one night was Alexander Skarsgard. The staff there were also wired with blue tooth headsets. We called down for toilet paper one night and had it there in 3 minutes. Sydney Bristow couldn't have been that fast. These people don't play when it comes to communication or customer service.. . FREE WIFI!! Take note other Vegas hotels. It's fast as hell too.. . A few gripes. The pool area is very small. Definitely not equipped to handle the amount of rooms they have. Our room was on the 21st floor of the East Tower but we could clearly hear club beats all night. Had we not been so tired at the end of each day this could have put a serious crimp in my sleep schedule. . . I am absolutely in love with this place and will be back. Can't miss if you are planning a trip to Vegas.
I was in love with this hotel from the minute the garage elevator door opened up to introduce me to a beautifully designed lobby! My room was even better! We were here for our wedding, so we sprung for the 1 bedroom terrace suite with premium view! The view was definitely PREMIUM! Our 110 square foot terrace overlooked the Bellagio fountains... we saw the show about a hundred times and it never once got old! The bathroom had a great Japanese soaking tub and seperate shower! The Bond Lounge in the casino was extra accomodating when we told them we were interested in a table for our bachelor/bachelorette party that night! BONUS: TRY TO FIND THE HIDDEN PIZZERIA!! It's some of the best pizza outside of NYC.... only catch is that you have to actually find it! It's not listed at all by the hotel! Hint: It's on the 3rd floor down a long hallway lined with old records!. . My ONLY complaint was that we had a billing issue that took a few hours to resolve.
Compared to Aria, I'd give the edge to Aria on the rooms, but Cosmopolitan is the best overall property in Vegas right now. Combination of rooms, Marquee (nightclub/dayclub), restaurants (buffet is a cut above), the pools, the casino, the list goes on and on. . . I used Marriott points - one of the best uses of Marriott points in the US today. Had I paid the room rate, I might feel different.
This hotel is awesome, i love everything about it. Haven't stayed on their property which I still prefer Palazzo but Marquee dayclub/ night club LOVEEEE IT and their restaurants. Hands down!!!
BOULEVARD POOL: by far, THE BEST HOTEL POOL ON THE STRIP!. . I tend to come here everytime I'm off. And I always come early just because the pool and chairs get taken by 10o'clock.. . Everytime I come here I always sit in different spots and I am always amazed by the view. Always something different.. . The pool's DJ should be given a raise because he/she plays all the jams: Lauryn Hill, JayZ, Lupe...it felt like I was in a hip hop joint but, in a bikini and in the heat! lol. One time I went, there was a band playing. . And another time, they were playing The Godfather movie on the marquee!. . Their food is pretty good, too; and not completely expensive. . On the weekends, they have a bbq grill that sells grilled chicken, corn, and even sliders! It's like I'm in someone's backyard the way they've set it up.. . There is just so many endless things thing I could say about this pool. NEVER A DULL MOMENT!
I stayed three nights in the wraparound terrace suite and it was absolutely stunning! This is THE room to have at the Cosmo, with an L-shapped balcony along the strip as well as the bellagio fountain...built in entertainment!. One of my favorite rooms I have ever stayed in, even though it only has one bedroom, you can actually lose someone in this room. Bathrooms are major for me in hotel rooms, and this room has 2 of them, both with showers. . Didnt touch the washer/dryer, or the full kitchen, but its nice that they're there.. There are fun touches everywhere including Johnathan Adler bookends, colored pencils at the desk, and a well stocked fridge. The Cosmo is very "young", and knows its audience, having PBR in the fridge, an "intimacy kit" available for purchase in the room, Foosball tables in one of the lounge areas, by the pool, etc.. What sets this hotel apart right now is its newness. While there's certainly nothing wrong with the Palazzo, or many other hotels on the strip, they can at times, look a little threadbare. People, including myself, run these rooms HARD. . But at the Cosmopolitan, the towels are still plush, the couches still unstained, and the pools still pristine.. Nice music and cable options in the rooms as well, and I was pleasantly surprised with how much I like the C.O bigelow products.. I can't stress enough how much I LOVED the wrap around terrace suite. Its absolutely worth the extra dollar. . The balcony lets you experience Vegas in a whole new way. . The Boulevard pool is a new favorite as well, very high energy, with giant showers in the pool at your disposal with the push of a button. Different levels in the pool mean that you can swim, or just lie in the pool to cool off and lounge. . The food poolside was also surprisingly good, the ceviche is not to be missed! I had it twice!. There's a nice covered area by the pool as well, with Foosball, ping pong, and about 10 TVs with bean bag chairs, if you just cant miss the game.. As far as the shopping in Cosmo, its merely average, but only because I'm from Los Angeles and they have a lot of the same stores. They could also use another convenient store selling more than just dean and deluca.. I also went to a few restaurants in the Cosmo, and the nightclub Marquee as well, but I'll save those for other reviews.. . Check in took a while, and the people behind me got more than a bit antsy, but it wouldnt be Vegas without a little bit of a hassle. They go hand in hand.. . All in all, I'd highly recommend The Cosmopolitan. Its young, its sexy, its fun. I'm personally done with theme hotels, and the only theme here is pure Vegas glitz.
I did not stay here i just came here to check it out this past Sunday Memorial Day weekend, this is a nice hotel very hip and lots to see the crowd here is for the younger but it made me feel young again as well lol. I do however like this place over Aria. The staff at the player club (Identity) were really great and helpful when i signed up for the card. There is three levels to this place level one is the casino floor the 2nd floor has the shopping and food places and the Marquee night/day club and the 3rd floor had the restaurants actualy i think there is a 4th floor to something else which was blocked and you need some pass to access it i didn't ask the concierge guy who was by there i'm pretty sure it was for the pool access. Anyways i know the places people talk about are the Wicked Spoon Buffet,and Holesteins. Another cool thing i think on the 2nd or 3rd floor there is an area to sit down to play games, relax and there's a pool table. This hotel will be one i must stop at on my trips to Vegas.
stunningly beautiful! this is the crown jewel of the strip right now!!!. . EXPENSIVE!!!!!!! nothing cheap about it!
oh sooooo fancy!. . this hotel is one of the fanciest i have seen in vegas! every inch of this hotel sparkles especially the ceilings with all the chandeliers hanging!. . the bars and the bartenders are fantabulous! my friends and i decided to stop by for a drink in one of the casino bars and the bartender was awesome. custom made 4  different drinks for my girlfriends and i!. . not much of a gambler but their slot machines are pretty generous! didn't try the tables but i'm sure they don't have $5 blackjack tables LOL!. . i love cosmopolitan!
My wife and I stayed in the one bedroom terrace, premium view (east tower), at The Cosmopolitan on Thursday, May 26th, and were absolutely blown away.  It was fantastic.. I was a bit worried after reading several reviews about bad service, late check-ins, stolen items, etc, but we had no problems in that area. . Note that the safe in the one bedroom terrace fits a 15" laptop. . . It being the Thursday before Memorial day weekend, we were worried that the hotel would be packed and our room wouldn't be ready, but that was not the case. . We showed up right at check-in time, 3pm, and there was little to no line at the front desk.  Our room was ready immediately.  . The iPads embedded in the front desk are pretty cool, btw.  . The lobby has several columns which are covered with displays that continuously loop video art.  This was particularly stunning.  I could sit at Vespers all day and just watch those. . Here's a couple pictures:. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=K0MVMJyJ8JfxI6ZjktiFGg. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=o7hkknlIjqzUJC56wNPSxw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=BUWFe82j1tPFjaaavr5Zvw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=_97mMrbXcBUDXSARK8b9kg. . The view from the one bedroom terrace (east tower) was just spectacular.  We stayed on the 66th floor. . Pictures:. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=Z1Coax-_dZ3tv2H4l_kc1g. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=nVnMnKywrRmaqbSmV_T0CQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=UEq0ujOdz7ufjXq__Scesw. . The idea of sitting in the tub and enjoying the view was novel, however in practice from our vantage point you can't really see much of the . strip if you are sitting the the tub. We'd have to stand up a bit to see street level.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=TLJL74_m99-03e_sDj7Fig. . The rest of the hotel is gorgeous.  We went to the secret pizza place (Nico's), the Marquee, Wicked Spoon, Bond, Vespers, the Chandelier bar, and Holsteins and I have nothing but positive things to say about them.  I might write up separate reviews later. . We also enjoyed room service for breakfast.  I had the eggs benedict, which was perfect.  The english muffin was still warm and soft and toasted perfectly, and there was plenty of hollandaise. . . Minor ding: I called to get a late check out for noon, and they wouldn't give it to me.   I understand why they couldn't, given that it was the Friday of Memorial day weekend, but yaknow, I have to say something negative here.. . Other than that, big thumbs up all around.
First off, let's start out by saying that I have been a VERY loyal patron of the Venetian Hotel, then later the Palazzo since the beginning ... I am proud to say that I have a new "HOME" (sorry guys, you were great it's now time to move on to better things). . The Cosmo is bananas, great service, phenomenal rooms with very modern decor AND some of the BEST views of the strip that I have ever witnessed... I know this sounds like a commercial, but it is all true... . I stayed here in late march and was actually @ the Palazzo when my buddy and his wife decided to "go the other way" and check in to the Cosmo, upon him checking in, he immediately  called me and told me to come check out his room... I was sold.. We actually called the Cosmo and they gave us a helluva rate after they learned we were leaving another hotel just to stay with them.. Alex (won't give out his last name) at the front desk was nothing less than professional and he even upgraded us to a  wraparound  terrace suite with a balcony that was literally  50 feet long on the 65th floor overlooking the world....  . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRPcncnX0uI. . (our view was over overlooking the strip more..and MUCH higher). . Two FULL bathrooms, free WiFi, full size washer and dryer (really??) full kitchen with dishwasher, Sub Zero Fridge and a wine cooler?? Don't forget the fully automated lighting system that controls the entire suite from your TV remote or other locations strategically placed by every door... Crazy... . Now you will have to pay for this pizazz somewhere, and the restaurants and bars on site are of course a little more pricey than most places on the strip, but the cool factor and service is great, I suggest getting an "Identity Membership" from right outside the lobby entrance, EVERYTHING you buy NOT just gambling goes towards your rating, so you can rack up points fast for future perks.... . There was ONE not so cool thing I couldn't quite grip is the fact that this hotel charges you to drink the coffee supplied in the rooms. I don't think I have ever stayed at a hotel that EVER made me pay for a cup of Joe.... . Overall, I'll still give it a 5.... . OH...DO NOT stay in the West towers I did hear that the Marquee nightclub is right under some rooms so if you're trying to sleep it won't be easy... (then again, who in the hell sleeps in Vegas?? This isn't Reno)
Hands down, theeeee best hotel on the Las Vegas strip!! . . I had the pleasure of staying here during Memorial Day weekend and one word to sum up my visit would be "WOW"! This hotel is absolutely stunning. The decor is modern, pristine, and in the words of my fellow Yelper Sharen G., "SEXY!" Most importantly, I felt at home here. Unlike some of the "nicer" hotels on the strip, the age range of the guests here were on the younger side, about early 20's to early 30's. . . As for the rooms, they had to be the nicest I have ever stayed in! We had two connecting rooms, with one being a bitlarger than the other. The larger room had 2 bathrooms and its own mini kitchen complete with an oven, full-size fridge and wait for it....a washer & dryer! The smaller room had a mini fridge and a really cool shower which had steps leading up to a tub with the view of the outside. I felt VERY spoiled staying here. . . There was also ample seating, tons of mirrors, cool artwork and of course, balconies for each room. We had the view of the Bellagio fountains...the water show at night was gorgeous! The hotel also offers FREE WIFI and they use C.O. Bigelow products for their bathroom amenities...very very cool.. . Aside from the rooms, another reason I love The Cosmopolitan is because of its ideal location. My friends & I were able to grab some dessert at Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Bellagio next door, go across the street to Planet Hollywood to grab some 'yards' and walked around the shops at the Aria also next door. . . During our visit, we ate at Holstein's, The Wicked Spoon Buffet and partied at Marquee (which by the way is my favorite club at the moment...the music was SO GOOD! Way better than XS!! Another bonus was we got to enter through the 'Hotel Guest' line and surpassed the regular guest line that snaked around the entire floor!). We also hung out at the pool (NOT the day club) which had a nice relaxed vibe and great drinks. As you can see, the hotel itself offers so much to see and do :). . If you're looking to go "all-out" in Vegas, then I highly suggest you stay at The Cosmopolitan. It really is the best of the best!
Wow....so this is where all the beautiful people in Vegas go to.  Honestly this casino is freakin pretty and glamorous.  From their chandeliers, to the scent of flowers flowing through the vents, all the way to their bars and lounges, this place is so damn GLAMOROUS.  Sorry, I know I used that word already, but it seriously is the perfect adj to describe it!  You could totally tell that it attracted anyone and everyone who was either from a sports team, models, actors, ballers, cougars, etc.  The check-in area is almost like an art show of lights, TV;s screens, and colors.  They also have a daytime pool party for those who cant wait for the sun to go down.  Now that I've been here, I totally understand their crazy commercial with the people and animals in the hotel room.  Lol, you gotta see it for yourself.
Pretty cool, pretty cool.. . It's fancy, but not snobby fancy like Wynn or Encore.  It's more "cool fancy" like college cool, not adult cool if that makes sense, haha.  . . Chandelier bar looks wicked.  Wicked spoon's good.  Tons of stuff to look at, lots of photo ops, from the weird telescopes, to the huge funky high heel stilettos in the middle of the hallways.  . . Lots of walking to get where you wanna go.. . The parking lot's cool.  Lots of levels below ground level, with digital signs telling u how many spots available left or right, green/red lights above EACH spot indicates an open/taken spot, coool.. . Definitely more fun and casual than Aria, etc. kinda like a fancier Planet Hollywood.
We had an amazing stay at the Cosmopolitan the week leading into Easter(mid-April).  The place is gorgeous and super stylish and the hotel employees were super friendly and always helpful (vs the employees in the Wicked Spoon).  My husband's platinum status got us an incredible suite with a balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  . .  The 3 pools opened up a few days before our arrival and we checked out each one.  If I understand it correctly, there are 2 hotel-owned pools and one in the center that's not open to hotel guests at night without a cover charge.  We were able to check out any of the pools during the day and the door man was surprisingly friendly for what seemed to be a swanky spot.  Bamboo is furthest off the strip and very peaceful and mellow.  Boulevard was our favorite, with a big pool and several smaller pools, a DJ and lots of umbrellas.  Free ping ping tables and fun table games.. . What might have been the coolest part of the hotel?  Art between the East and West towers on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th floors.  Tucked into a corner near the meeting spaces was a vintage Pez dispenser collection so it wasn't super high-brow but it was very unexpected and appreciated.. . If your Marriott status provides free weekday breakfast, they give you free access to THE most amazing buffet, the Wicked Spoon.  What a great perk!. . Only thing I would have liked to see was some drawer space.  What we had was more form and less function.. . I think internet service is free to all guests. . . The Cosmopolitan and Encore are now tied for my favorite Vegas properties.  Since my husband likes to maintain Elite status, this will probably be our go-to hotel. More than fine by me!
Love, love, LOVED this hotel! A friend and I stayed here in April to see Robyn play a concert and couldn't have been more thrilled with the hotel, service, or room. Every square inch of the place was stylishly decorated and every employee was friendly and helpful. It's a much more trendy hotel that caters to the younger crowd which was perfect for us. The concert space was amazing. They cleared all of the lounge chairs from one of the pool areas and set up a stage. They also broadcasted the entire show onto a huge screen overlooking the Strip so people walking on the street below could watch...it was awesome. I would stay here again in a heartbeat and recommend it to all my friends and family.
I'm  not sure I can write enough about this resort.  It baffles my mind that at this stage of evolution Vegas has redefined itself yet again by the addition of the Cosmopolitan or as the locals will label it: The Cosmo. . The Cosmo is different........  I say different because, unlike the normal Casino/Resort that was once only a place to gamble and enjoy cheap drinks and subpar restaurants the Cosmo seems to hit on every single level.  Not only is almost everything from top to bottom world class, but everything inside is an experience! The selection of restaurants cause you to think outside the norm and break free of the traditional menus of cafe, buffet, steakhouse.  Each chef takes pride in playful spins on traditional menu items.  You can experience fusion in burgers and shakes at Holsteins; French & American classics at Comme Ca; sexy steak at STK; Sushi and fresh Surf at Milos/Blue Ribbon; and Hispanic Ethnic fusion at Jaleo.  . . The casino has several lounges; not bars.  You can expect fresh ingredients and upscale cocktails with areas to mingle around every single corner.  Pre-porhibition style cocktails with style throughout the entire property.  The spa is world class with services never before seen in Vegas.  Maybe the best part of the resort; the rooms.. . Almost every room has a balcony with a great view of the Vegas strip.  Some rooms even come complete with a kitchen as the original concept of the Cosmo was a condo-hotel.  If you want shopping you can have a suit created for you while sampling fine single-malt scotch at Stitched.. . This place offer something different as I stated before.  It's a breath of fresh air and fresh fun to Vegas.  As someone who grew up here in Vegas I'm overly joyed to have a place like Cosmo leading the charge in a new wave of thinking and a new wave of having a blast in Vegas!
I rarely give out 5 stars but the Cosmopolitan definitely deserves the highest praise. When you drive into the valet you feel like you are driving into a super exclusive car club even if you're driving an 87 Geo Metro. . . There are plenty of visually stunning points of interest in this small casino from the floor to ceiling chandeliers to the textured ceilings. Add in a hidden hipster pizza joint and a random pool table hangout and this place truly has it all. I'll definitely be coming back to try the amazing restaurants from China Poblano to Jaleo.
The only spot on the strip that does not make me want to barf and go home.  Fantastic, edgy, steampunk art.  Sleek and lovely, douchebag factor seems pretty low.  Intelligent restaurants and shopping designed for the more discriminating strip-go'er.
I love it. LOVE.  I stay in a lot of hotels, and this resort was very well executed. I have been in a King Terrace room, as well as the Wrap-Around Suite.  The suite had a view of the bellagio fountains and the strip and exceeded my expectations.. . I think what does it for me is the fact that you know you are staying in an upscale resort, but it's not trying too hard.  Their attention to detail, the clean lines and the contemporary feel are very conducive to a pleasant asthetic.  Either that or the oxygen level is just realllly high here :). It's definitely a younger crowd and some people may sway one way or the other on that fact, but I think that was also a pro for me.. . The staff is very courteous and attentive, and they worked to fix a minor issue we had during check in.  The pool areas are great, Marquee is trendy, hip and fun just like you would expect from the newest and largest day & night club, and the restaurant choices are a nice addition to the strip.  . . I've stayed here twice now, and already have 2 more stays booked this year.  Book it.
We didn't stay at the Cosmo. We simply went to check out the chandelier that everyone is raving about. I gotta say that this hotel is possibly the best looking hotel on the strip. The exterior isn't that impressive. In fact it doesn't give off the appearance of a hotel. The special attention to detail is what separates this hotel from the rest.. . We gambled here for a little while. The service here is just excellent. They have retail space on the second floor of this hotel. Great place to take some photos. I liked the fact that when I got off the second floor escalator I saw a waiting/playroom area. Some dudes were casually playing pool in the middle of the floor. . . I didn't get a chance to spend more time here. Maybe next time, I'll book a room here.
One of my favorite hotels in las vegas. So beautiful!!
This hotel has the best room layout I've seen to date. The spacious room includes a small kitchen, jacuzzi, big balcony with fantastic views of the strip, and two LCD TV's. Yes two.. . I could live here.
This place was great.  Cosmopolitan is trendy and very artsy.  The staff were very friendly especially the guys at the entrance.  Once we stepped out, they asked right away if we needed directions,taxi, etc.  I loved their outfits.  they looked very classy with their vest and deep purple shirts.  If you like taking pictures, this place has great scenes.  There are 2 stilleo heels where this is a great place for pictures.  The candelier bar looked magficent.  Marquee is the club at the moment and it did not disappoint.  It was crowded but you can either dance inside or outside.  The balcony was great as well.  There were a few times I took a nap out there cause it was so relaxing.  The casino is small.   I will certainly stay here again.
I give it a 4.5 stars but rounded up due to many cool people I met over at Cosmopolitan.  . . Despite all the great things mentioned for Cosmopolitan, I offer couple improvements that they can make:. 1. Marquee nightclub.  There are insane amount of people trying to get in and even for casino guests, the wait time will be 1 hour on weekend.  Once you get in, it's very crowded and one has to maneuver through traffic.  . 2. The pool area is a bit small considering the size of the hotel and amount of guests staying at Cosmo. 3. Self parking is a nightmare, it's not only HOT with no air flowing around during summer but also there are not enough stop signs in the parking lot, and you always see some crazy drivers (aka. casino clerks) rushing through an intersection without looking.  . . Overall, a great experience
Holy shit fuck this place is amazing! Hands down, best mother fucking hotel I've ever stayed at!  . . Bars: Fucking beautiful!. . Pools: Off the fucking hook!. . Restaurants: Top fucking notch!. . Rooms: Jesus fucking Christ they are impressive!. . Sorry for the language, but this place is just that fucking great!
So when you come to vegas you expect exorbitance, you expect elegance, and you expect expensive. This hotel delivers on all fronts. It's gorgeous, the interior is breathtaking, the restaurants are stellar and it will blow you away.. . The first thing is the crystal chandelier bar that is the center focal point of the main floor. It's unbelievable, it's gorgeous, and the constant security guard presence tells you "OH SHIT THESE ARE REAL???". . . The other furnishings and appointments are all in line with a luxury vegas hotel. They have shops, cool restaurants, and bars everywhere. . . The food and the names on the chef's list are all exciting and I even saw one of their restaurants on "The best thing I ever ate" vegas edition.. . Simply put it's my hotel for my next trip to vegas.
Wrap Around Terrace Suite - Young-Fabulous feel, Mall like hotel, great pizza and restaurants! Had a wonderful dinner at Jaleo with Jose Andres stopping by our table to chat for 5 minutes.
I love this casino. It's definitely not your regular family type casino though. Beautifully decorated like you're at some super sophisticated hotel. The huge columns at the check in I think were amazing and changed scenes every minute. I felt underdressed just being in here.
Stayed at the cosmo when it first opened..... Ahhmazzzing!! Beautiful NO KIDS running around screming soooo beautiful the view if the bellagio water show from our balcony AND bath tub!!. . The bamboo pool is my favorite!! Great food good chill music . Get the edimame (you can thank me later ;)) ohhh and the fish tacos!! Can you say yummmmmmmm!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel.  And that is an understatement.. . I stayed here during a very busy weekend--in fact, I believe the Saturday  during my stay was 100% sold out.  Originally, we booked the studio suite for the kitchenette, which is one step up from the regular room.  Coming prepared, my friends and I packed more than 10 tv dinners for us to eat in our room for post-club munchies, snacks, etc.  However, when we checked in, there were no more studio suites available!!  The gentleman checking us in, offered to give us the city room (downgrade) plus $50 resort credit.  But, my friend and I kept insisting that we needed a microwave for all our food.  We tried requesting just a microwave, but they don't have microwaves at request.  The gentleman made a phone call and seconds later, the manager comes out and tells us there's something he can do.  He ended up working his magic and upgraded us to another room and said, "You will definitely have your microwave."  . . He walked us up to the 14th floor and showed us our "room"--a freaking two story penthouse!!  The room is absolutely gorgeous!  On the main floor, there is a kitchen with dining area, a full bathroom, 2 flat screen tvs and a living room area.  Just outside the room, there is a private terrace with a jacuzzi and direct access to one of the pools.  Upstairs, there is a king size bed, full bath, and a projection screen tv that can be hidden in the ceiling.  Oh and we can't forget...we had our microwave!  :). . I do have a complaint though--I guess housekeeping didn't clean our room well enough because there was broken glass in our bathroom!  Unfortunately, I ended up stepping in it and cutting my foot and also my finger.  :(  I ended up filing a report...hopefully, that message will be relayed to housekeeping so they know to not rush during cleaning.  If this were a regular room, I'd probably do more than just file a complaint.  But, since the room was more than I could have imagined, I quickly forgot about my bleeding foot.
I love this hotel. The ambience, decor, the presence and service of this hotel is perfect for those who love the glamourous fast life. . . We stayed here for the past holiday weekend. There weren't any Independence day decorations going on which I thought was strange but regardless of their lack of patriotism, the Cosmopolitan is pretty much heaven for the hip, young, and fabulous. They have restaurants galore, a complete casino, and one of the best clubs in Vegas. . . The terrace view rooms are great. They have voyeuristic bathrooms with Japanese soaking tubs and shower. The rooms are huge and they have huge balconies. Egyptian cotton linens are rare in the hotel world but they have them. Nothing is better than sleeping in a bed with linens almost as good as home. Everything is available through the television in your room. Throughout the hotel they have humongous touchscreen tvs that are used as directories for the hotel. There are screens everywhere in the lobby and the elevators displaying changeble art by different contemporary artists. There is art everywhere in this hotel. I've stayed here a couple of times and each time I always see something different. . . Favorite parts of Cosmopolitan:. Marquee Dayclub. Chandelier Bar - get a picture with the crystals. Holsteins - get a bloody Mary here. Wicked Spoon - cheap buffet with amazing desserts. . Stay at the Cosmo, if you don't like it I don't know what's wrong with you.
Love this hotel.  From the architecture, to the well thought out and designed rooms, to the selection of restaurants and shops.  This hotel has it all.  Do you like to have comps but hate to gamble?  This is the hotel to spend your money at.   . . Their Identity players card gives you credit wherever you spend money in the hotel.  Whether its shopping, eating, clubbing, or drinking at the bar, you will gain credits towards your stay.  . . We had a wrap around terrace and the views of the strip are priceless.  If you like to sleep in, think twice about these rooms as they are on lower floors and you can hear the music from marquee and the day pools in the morning.
I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for the first time this 4th of July weekend and I will definitely be going back. The ambiance is awesome and the staff is so friendly and helpful. . . I lost my ID at the pool and the Lost & Found department was closed until the next morning. Danielle at the front desk was so sweet and extremely helpful in helping me get it back within 5 minutes.. . We also experienced great, friendly service at the Vesper and Bond bars and the Bell Desk.. . Thank you for making our stay so enjoyable..see you soon!
This is the newest casino in Vegas and in my opinion the fanciest.  The first thing I saw when I walked in was Bond bar.  There were girls dancing in the ceiling.  The DJ booth looked like it was from Tron and he had a guy suit playing the electric guitar behind him.  Walked to the next bar Chandelier which is a multi-level bar in a big ass chandelier.  Every floor was doper than the last.  Plenty of table and easy access to the bartenders everywhere.  I've never seen a place like this.  Next I walked thru the casino floor.  There was club music playing and no old people or kids.  I busted out the expletives and did my philandering.  And I gotta admit this place had HBD, high bitch density.  Top caliber too and that's not the alcohol that talking, because I noticed a light peppering of mingas in the mix.  Even my gay buddy said he was going straight for the night.  I eventually made my way to the front of the hotel near the check-in area.  They had these 6x6 mirrored columns running along the floor.  But they weren't mirrored.  They was LED screens!  I was checking my hair out in my reflection and all the sudden the image changes.  Blew my mind.
Cosmopolitan is the hot young neighbor to move to the center of the Las Vegas Strip. Imagine a sleek boutique hotel on a much grander scale.. . The Day and Nightclub, Marquee includes a breathtaking pool (See my review). Other lounges including Bond, Vesper Bar in the Lobby, and Chandelier Bar (a 3 story lounge with the perimeter enclosed by giant crystal chandeliers). Cosmopolitan may not host Cirque du Soleil daily but they do boast an impressive changing lineup of Top Performers. A weeklong stay almost guarantees you could catch a great show.. . 14 restaurants include Scarpetta, an Italian Restaurant yelp rated as 4.5/5 stars. The rooms are minimalist yet elaborate and you can snag a 1,000 sq. ft. suite with 1.5 bathrooms and a view many weekends for $600 a nt. Second to Bellagio this is the place to stay on the strip.
Gleaming with sparkling chandeliers and fused with integrated digital modern technology, The Cosmo is the newest and most progressively modern hotel on the Strip. Exuding modern chic opulence, this impressive artistically-designed hotel attracts upwardly mobile, sophisticated young crowds and party people who book early for great rates ;). . Yes, I highly recommend it! Yes, I definitely will be staying here again! . . ------------------. What's more: . . THE ROOMS are designed for modern comfort. Sleek, modern interiors with high ceilings and mirrored walls; brilliant character wall papers; glass showers and double sinks; and digitally synced controlled heating, lighting, room service guide and Sirius music through the wide screen HDTV. Everything was better than expected, except that there was no iPod player (Cord to be purchased for $20). . . THE POOLS are incredible. The Bamboo Pool is the 'loungy' pool (ideal for relaxing/swimming - families). The Boulevard Pool has tables and cabanas right along the foot-high water; a pool and TV area and jacuzza (ideal for tanning/hanging out - younger crowd). Marquee Day Club pool has the beach parties and the DJs spinning all day (ideal for dancing/drinking - party crowd). . . THE CLUB - Marquee is absolutely breathtaking. Huge dancefloor with high ceilings and opens up to a lit-up palm tree walkway and poolside. One of the best I've ever experienced. . . THE RESTAURANTS offer something for everyone. We tried Jaleo (a trendy tapas restaurant - good for girls) and Hosteins (a trendy burger spot - good for everyone, recommend!). . SAHRA SPA & HAMMAM offers full luxury. When booking a service, you're entitled to use the private pool, showers and steams and fitness facility all day. With the Swedish massages we had and all the extra perks, I've never felt so pampered!. . FREE WIFI in the lobby too!
Okay....just back from my 38th trip to Vegas (we were there for 10 nights and spent 4 nights at Caesar's in the spa Augusta tower, 3 nights at Cosmo, 2 nights at PH, and 2 nights at Aria).. . Wow wow wow....I have stayed in almost every hotel on the strip (except NY NY and Wynn and Tropicana)...you cannot put a price on that terrace...and to be there on the 4th and watch the fireworks off the terrace.. . Room was awesome...check in was quick (went over at 7am and they pre-checked us in and we were in our rooms with bags from bellman by 10:30 am).  . . Love the casino and the lounges and the slots and the drinks...best floor drinks on the strip.. . Every employee we ran into was top-notch from front desk to bellman to floor waitstaff to the dealers to the slot attendants to housekeeping who upon request brought more hangers within 15 minutes of the request.. . Plenty of storage (as there is a mini kitchen that makes for good storage for clothes).  No bad charges from the mini-bar...never went near it.  . . Holstiens food was yum yum yummy...had it twice.. . Did I hear the club...yeah a little but only around 4am when the rest of the strip was quiet and I would get up to use the restroom and I would fall back asleep within 15 minutes.  My husband NEVER heard it and he rarely sleeps well in a hotel and slept like a baby all three nights.  . . The bedding and towels are awesome.  Honestly I don't have anything bad to say.. . IF I rated the four hotels we stayed at Cosmo is number one, Aria a close second, Caesar's third but the bathroom was amazing, and PH (well its PH...it was free).  We also stayed at Caesar's free and paid 79 a night for Aria and all total for Cosmo just under $500 with taxes and fees for Friday, Saturday, Sunday over the July 4th weekend....not bad.. . One negative is that it is a happening hip place and loaded with the young crowd (we are early 40's) so that can be a little overwhelming, but hey more power to them.  Also there was a murder in front of the casino and CSI was there all day blocking most of the entrances on Sunday (I think it was Sunday...too many martinis...big blur of fun).
I love Love LOVE this hotel. If you stay here, you MUST get a room with the Japanese soaking tubs that faces the North end of the strip.
The Cosmo Is by far the Nicest, Hippest Hotel/Casino I've been to yet! I've never experienced anything like it. The hotel has personality, I've never been to a place that had an a library and pool table Inside the night club, foosball tables In the pool area, and a lounge dressed In a curtain of crystals. From head to toe The Cosmo is a 10!
Omg this place is so nice.. . Everything was luxe-deluxe.. . the front desk service is polite and apparently gives out shots to their guests? Hopefully that wasn't water that derek took. That would be a terrible trick. The hotel is really nice itself. very glamorous. I would call it a Kim Kardashian of Hotels. Over the top beauty where you were like omg is this real, do we need x-rays to prove its real. And so many freakin crystals and shiny objects you just cant stop staring at it until you go blind from your eyes drying out from not blinking.. . The rooms have this modern feel with elements of vintage and pop art. It mixes and blends very well like a smoothie from some Kardashian endorsed slimming/nutrition diet. But we should only stay here once in a while. I'll kick it with the kardashians once i can continue to afford them.
This place is ab-so-lutely sexy. There's no better way to describe it. . . It's sleek, luscious, luxurious, gorgeous, fresh, and sooooo stylishly detailed. . . The pools are fabulous - the Boulevard pool is a sweet spot to hang out with your friends - and it doubles as a SICK venue for music events. . . The restaurants are awesome, and the bars just make you FEEL so sexy with their ambiance! My favorite was definitely the Chandelier bar. It drips with luxury and "fresh".... . . I love the little loung-ee spots everywhere too... you feel invited to sit a spell and just enjoy yourself nearly everywhere you look. . . Oh, and the staff... the staff @ The Cosmopolitan really rule. I heard warnings of potential poor service before I came, but really, the only bad service I experienced was the wait time to get the room key... the actual service itself and the friendliness of the folks who work there was really special. . . Delightful. . . A MUST for your next trip to Vegas. A must.. . PS- I'm convinced that the designers are male. It seems they made sure that every room has some sort of beautiful shiny/interesting/flashy something to keep the ladies entertained so that the gents can look without being caught, if you know what I mean. Just saying. ;-)
Think NEW YORK when you come in here... Upper Eastside NEw York... Sex and the City New York.... . When you first enter this place, it's all technological with it's columns of flashing lights or pretty designs (computerized). It's really classy and so cool. . . There are chandeliers everywhere donned with crystals (fake too). It's really like a scene from a classic 1950s movie or Sex and the City. It really is glam.. . They have fancy artwork around the halls... And two big heels you can do photo ops and yes I did. I love shoes!. . I haven't stayed here but I really want to! Maybe next time! The exterior and interior (non rooms) are pretty... Maybe I'll do an update for you!
Yup, this is pretty much as good as it gets on the strip if you ask me. The Cosmopolitan is my favorite casino and it's absolutely breathtaking! It's a good mix of modern & classy as you can see from the outside and the inside. I love the views as I go up and down the elevators and there is even a separate chandelier floor (floor 1.5) where they have a bar.. . The drink service here at the casino is among the best that I've experienced, ever. The drinks come promptly and the cocktail waitresses are so nice and come around frequently enough. In other casinos the drinks come around slowly and makes me wonder if it's ever coming, not the case here.. . Floor 2 is the location of the Marquee Nightclub, which is arguably one of the hottest nightclubs in Las Vegas right now. I've never been inside but I heard great things about Marquee. If you're into Electronic Dance Music (EDM) as I am, they have famous DJ's come and play here depending on the event.. . Floor 3 they have a lounge area where you can play billiards for free which is an awesome deal if you ask me. I love hanging out here and playing billiards with the random people that I meet in this area. If you want a quick bite to eat there is a secret pizza place which is located in the narrow alley, they serve some awesome pizza. You'll just have to go there to experience it.. . Out of all the casinos I've been to on the strip, this one really hits the nail on everything. Service has always been nothing short of excellent plus they offer free wireless internet here!
Gorgeous inside and out.  Great new style. Big flair.  High prices to keep the sweatshirts out.   Thanks for bring back dress code!
so i stopped here last weekend because i had a friend tell me about how cool it was. yes the stores were interesting and fun to shop in, but if i want to pay way to much just for clothes, food and drinks i can do that at home(san diego). I have to mention our cocktai;l server on the 2nd floor of the chandalier bar. her name was heather and she was really on point. knew her and drinks and explained them without alot of uuummms, or stuttering with her words. very confident about the bar and menu. heather made our experience one to remember. the place was already alot of fun and she helped us get real drunk - which is a plus, but also was friendly and fun to otalk to. my wife and i will definietly be back to the cosmopolitan and definitely be back to see her. oh by the way....make sure to try the verbana drink. it is not on the menu but its a lot of fun to drink. ENJOY
This place is amazing! Came here for a bachelor party this weekend and got the wrap around terrace suite.... And WOW.... . Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains and the strip. It was crazy! This hotel also has Marquee which in my opinion is the best club in Las Vegas. It is also a Day club and pool party venue which is absolutely insane. You ever see hundreds of people in the pool going nuts to house music? Its quite a site. I used to think the Wynn/Encore was the coolest thing going but after this weekend I would have to change my vote entirely to Cosmo. I cant wait to stay here again and get the same room! . . I don't have much in the way of pricing since the best man took care of those details. But the hotel is super nice, the club is awesome and the pool is awesome!
GORGEOUS HOTEL! Screw the Rio, I am staying here the next time I am in Vegas. This place was fantastic. The decor was lovely and super glitzy/glamorous. Rigt when I walked in I was in LOVE with everything about it. The bars were all beautiful and I would live here if I could!. . It also helps that boyfriend's brother won 500 dollars on a slot machine within 15 minutes and I won 160 at the roulette table. I know this place almost went out of business so I am sure their slots are a little looser to attract more business. :-)
This hotel feels like you are in a commercial for the Tulalip Indian Casino, and I mean that in a good way.  Everyone is beautiful, the place is really fancy but still fun and everyone is having a good time.. . The Cosmopolitan makes every other hotel and casino look like a dive.  You feel like you are in a James Bond movie with the decor.  Beautiful women are on the arms of handsome men and the cocktail waitresses look like models. . . The bars are amazing looking, the clubs are hip, even the lobby is incredible.. . The tables are a bit pricey, but that helps keep the certain clientele I suppose.  I would like to stay here, but I have a hard time paying that much for a hotel room that I will barely be in.
The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel/casino. It's on the smaller side, compared to other hotel/casinos, but  the decor...well,you just have to go and check it out yourself! They have a 3 story glass chandelier that has a bar in the middle of it. And to top it off, the hotel/casino smells AMAZING! Kind of like cucumber melon. Very fresh. Better than smelling like the smoke from cigars and cigarettes.
I don't think I can overstate how much more superior The Cosmopolitan is compared to the other hotels on the Strip.  . . I tried Jaleo's, best Spanish restaurant I have ever been to.. . I saw the Boulevard pool, sweet view of Vegas Blvd., nice private cabanas, and pool tables.. . Easy access to Garage and no annoying front garage troll dude that you have to stop for.. . Elegant design, even the conference areas have nice artwork to prevent the look of a long boring corridor with repetitive patterns.. . I don't know why anybody wouldn't try to stay here first before exploring alternatives.
This hotel is spectacular from the moment you walk in; starting with the digital art on the pillars, the Vesper Bar, the Roark Gourley Shoe Creations (giant stilettos), the chocolate dipped art, and the Chandelier Bar (my absolute FAVORITE part of the hotel).. . Let me quickly say that if and when you all stay here, you MUST eat breakfast and/or lunch at Wicked Spoon.  It's nothing short of spectacular (shocking for a buffet).  From the freshest fruit you will ever eat, to your standard (but awesome) breakfast choices (omelette station, pancakes, french toast, cereal, honey yogurt granola, etc), to the pasta station, meat carvers (pork, chicken, shortribs, beef), to the amazing desserts!  I mean, they have a do it yourself strawberry shortcake station!  All the food I listed is really just the beginning, the place is ginormous.. . Okay moving on.  The casino is pretty standard.  Lots of scantily-clad women (and prostitutes).  It wasn't as packed as I'd like it to be but I had fun playing craps at 3am (rolled like a rockstar)!  Again, the best part of the casino is the Chandelier Bar.  It's STUNNING, and the cocktail waitresses there were sweet as pie.. . The rooms are gorgeous!  I'm not going to lie, I think the best hotel rooms in Vegas are at the Venetian,  but the Cosmo is an insanely closesecond.  We stayed in the Terrace Studio where you have your own private terrace.  Take that Venetian! We had a great view overlooking the 14th floor pool.  The bathroom is HUGE, you have your own little living room, and the bedding is plush as can be.. . And finally, the most important part.  The pools.  Now we went to Encore Beach Club (Wynn) Friday so I'm not sure how their "Day Club Pool" is.  On Saturday we spent the whole day nursing our hangovers at the Bamboo pool on the 14th floor.  This is the "zen" pool, which is for the adults that just want to relax and lay out.  Before we headed back to our rooms, we checked out the Boulevard Pool which is the "fun pool".  It was PACKED so we only stayed for about 5 minutes.  You have to get to that pool at 8am on the DOT if you want to get a spot.. . FANTASTIC hotel.
I've stayed at this hotel twice and hands down this takes home the gold for best hotel in Vegas. All the rooms look like suites, they have beautiful balconies which is a privilege in Vegas. The rooms don't even feel like rooms, they feel like mini apartments. Very classy and modern. The casino floor itself is beautiful. Everything is very techie and the decor is stunning. Even if your not staying the night it's definitely worth a trip.
For anyone who has been to the Cosmopolitan before, you know it's part of the new city center area and one of the more swankier places on the strip. I headed here to watch Queens of the Stone Age perform on their rooftop pool. I was a bit unsure of what this area was going to be like for a show, but now that I've been, it's great! This is a great intimate venue (3000 capacity),  the acoustics of this place rock and it's outdoors; and I believe, the only pool which overlooks the strip. Tickets were wicked cheap and no line to get in! They keep the pool furniture out, so if you want to lounge around during the show you can. Not a bad "seat" in this spot. If you are thinking of coming to see a show here, I would have to give you two thumbs up! I will be coming back again to this venue.
Such a beautiful newest addition to the strip. It's a chic new boutique hotel. It's so beautiful inside! I will definitely be staying here at my next visit!
Was worried this would just be another overpriced new hotel in Vegas, but the rooms were surprisingly well decorated and convenient for a group. There were a ton of mirrors in and outside of the bathroom which was great for 5 girls getting ready. A lot of hotels miss the mark on this one. . . The shower has blinds on the outside by the beds so if you pull them up you can even put on a show! haha Or be harassed while trying to find privacy when the drunk one is acting silly. Yup, it happened. . . I'd definitely stay here again, but only with a group to split the cost. I haven't hit the lottery yet.
I'm shocked I'd never heard of this glittering disco ball of a hotel. It's just so GORGEOUS! Brand new, and right in strip central ... yet somehow, I'd never heard it existed until we stumbled upon it.. . Like, wow. So sparkly, so lush, so glamorous ... I told Michelle C. it reminded me of her. :) Chandeliers, crystal curtains, glittering backdrops. Incredible.. . We strolled through here multiple times. Classy crowd, stunning surroundings, and top notch eating/drinking/shopping. Their buffet was AHHHHMAZING! (see separate review). We made some friends who were staying here, and they echoed our initial estimation that it was awesome.. . Next time we're in Vegas, I believe this will be our hotel of choice. You did it right, Cosmopolitan!
Yeah, um, are there any other hotels in Vegas? Cuz I won't need to know.  We're going to be staying here as long as our little dollars can afford it.  . . Amazing rooms, decorated to the nines. Contemporary, luxurious and fun for the techno geek - you can control the entire room from your tv - temperature, lighting, sound.... . Great bars - Chandelier bar - so fun! Hidden pizza gem (back alley pizza).  Great club - Marquis (select nights, hotel guests get in free).  . . 3 wonderful pools and a really relaxing spa.  Totally well located on the strip between the Bellagio and City Center.. . I can't say enough about how much we love this hotel.  My only unanswered question is: When can we go back??
This is the most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed at...after staying here I do not think I ever want to stay anywhere else. There is so much eye candy. The place was beautifully decorated and the theme is so classy. My friend won a free night stay in this hotel on the radio so we stayed in a Terrace Suite. I probably will never be able to afford this hotel...but the room was amazing. Again, so much eye candy. The customer service was top notched. I don't know what they do but the Cosmo got it right when they set their customer service so high. I definitely want to stay here again!
Disclaimer -- I didn't stay here but I not only will stay here the next time in Vegas but I may even explore the residences and move here. This place is perfection on earth. This is the Vibe the Wynn had back in 04, 05. Total luxury and sophistication. BUT... Cosmo's decor oooozes SEXXXXY. The Wynn...not so sexxy, a little more OCD than sexxy with the constant cleaning that always goes on there. The COSMO is gltiz and glam with an edge. The bars are very very social and the layout of them are conducive to naughty flirty interaction, sofas, little nooks to sit and talk. SEXXXY!! Then it's dripping with crystals. The Chandelier is faaaantastic. GO THERE!! . . The shopping I small but good. The fragranace store Skins is a MUST SHOP!! And the Blue Door Sushi pricey but sexy and soooooo delicious. Worth it!!
Cosmopolitan, you is sexy. Dripping in it.. . Move over Wynn and Encore the younger, more hip version of what you use to be just showed up to town. And by the looks of her, it's going to be tough pushing her aside. She's a spotlight whore but I like that about her.. . The rooms are fabulous with beautiful furnishings. Hmm, where can I get your luscious bedding? And nothing screams voyeur like a see-through shower. *insert school-girl laugh here*. . Valet was on the slow side but they sure can get you in a taxi in a flash. While not the family friendliest hotel on the strip- the Cosmo, unlike the Wynn/Encore, didn't shoo the stroller toting families away.
I don't usually go out of my way to review casino/resorts but this one is that awesome.. . It's really the best I've ever been in and I've lived here in Las Vegas for 32 years, I hope they stay this awesome for a long time.
Cosmo is a great hotel if you want to splurge basically. Closes to the city center and right in front of the Belagio Fountains, you will find your spot. . . Restaurants are great, make sure u don't miss the hidden pizza joint on the 2nd floor of the restaurants.. . if your looking for a great burger you have to check out Holstiens also. . . Room is spacious and has great views, an addition is the balcony that puts a smile on my face. . . you have to stop by if you in walking distance or even take a cab to check out the new place....you will love it!
Stayed here for a week on a business meeting, when you think of extreme luxury and game you have to pair this with the Cosmo in Las Vegas. The staff are awesome, very welcoming. From the moment you check in they have these iPods to help you check in. Then they customize your room card, with your name. . . On to your suite which is awesome to say the least.  From the remote control system that controls your room, to the unique bath products they hook you up with.  The room service is fast and the conference rooms are legit with amazing catering services.  . . On to the gambling, they have your usual limits go up in the evenings but the dealers are great folks despite the hoity toity look this place can have.  . . This place is pretty crazy, too much to review but few highlights:. The nightclub here Marquee is really tuff to get in but if you want to get in lines then good for you, the place to be is the Chandelier lounge, a three floor lounge with you guessed it Chandelier design. The bar tenders are great and they can hook you up with unique drinks, just ask.. . There are several restaurants here that are awesome, want a nice burger go to Holsteins, great service.  If you are getting done with a late night hit up a pizze joint in the third floor that is hidden towards the back so ask if you need to, they are awesome and cheap.
From when you first walk in the door this hotel is BEAUTIFUL and CHIC! I am from Las Vegas, I have seen the most worn down to the best of the best hotels there and let me tell you the Cosmo is great!  The dining was good, the decor was beautiful, the chandelier bar is INCREDIBLE, the atmosphere was loud music pumpin through the speakers, beautiful people everywhere almost intimidating,great shopping,very intricate details everywhere. The machines were all state of the art! We ate at Jaleo, they serve tapas. It was excellent! I recommend this hotel completely.
I'd been looking forward to staying here on my next trip to Vegas.  We got a great deal in August, only $190 for a one bedroom suite.  It's the only luxury hotel on the Strip that is pet-friendly, too.  We were just driving through on a road trip and had our dog, Omar with us.  They didn't charge us a deposit or fee for him, although according to the website they should have.  We would have gladly paid, but were happy we didn't have to.  Our room was beautiful, on the 43rd floor.  Great views of the Strip.  Huge bathroom, living room and comfy bed.  The hotel itself is beautiful.  We'll definitely stay here again.  We ate the Wicked Spoon for breakfast.  It was pretty good for a buffet.
Very cool crowd. I want to stay here next time.
Just got back from Vegas a couple days ago and what I miss the most is the Cosmopolitan.. . . By far, the best hotel in Vegas. so far. .  our room view was MAGNIFICENT! . watching the Bellagio show straight from our balcony took the cake!. I loved the room! loved the Japanese bathtub overlooking the Vegas strip. I took two bubble baths. =) .  loved the decor of the hotel. . We didn't even bother leaving the hotel. we had everything we needed !. Marquee downstairs, pools, Buffet, balcony,.. lol.. . we went to the Bamboo pool the next morning. got there at 10 am and snatched good spots. loved the view .  after we had brunch at the Wicked Spoon buffet. will write a separate review for that. . . the pizza spot on the second floor was good too. Supreme Pizza was yummers.  we also walked right across to the Planet Hollywood for Ear's sandwich. . . Monday night boyfriend and I went to club Marquee downstairs. . they had a separate line for hotel guests, which was cool. no waiting with the rowdy typical vegas crowd all the way around the corner. HAH!. We've been to the club before so we knew what's expected. . by the time Eric Dlux was on set, I was already too drunk. lol.. Thank God we had a room upstairs. no need to walk and catch a cab. . . . . I love love love this hotel. will definitely come back!!
This lovely and relatively new hotel & resort in Las Vegas is first rate! Vinny and I stayed there this summer during a quick jaunt to Vegas and really enjoyed the hotel and all of its amenities. When we first checked in, we didn't expect we'd have a good experience because right off the bat we had to wait in a 45-minute line to check in, and then, the hotel screwed up and didn't have our reservation correct. Fortunately, the folks at the Cosmopolitan more than made up for it by giving us an updated room free of charge-- and, I must say, the room was amazing!! It was a large 1 bedroom suite w/ a balcony overlooking the Bellagio hotel and fountain (yes, the very one where they do the daily fountain and light show-- what a view, I tell ya)! Plus the room had a large sunken tub and walk-in shower, a large living room seating area, and high-tech work space (yep, sadly, I had to do a little work on the trip even though we were mostly there for vacation, but the work space turned out to be a godsend for me). . . Other great features of the Cosmopolitan include their casino (it's modern looking and packed with lots of high rollers and beautiful people), their abundance of restaurants and shops, and their large pool recreation area, which features a couple of outdoor bars and plenty of lounge chairs for relaxing. . . Note that one of my favorite things about the Cosmopolitan, believe it or  not, is their Pizza restaurant. Check out my review of the Pizzeria @ The Cosmopolitan. Some of the best pizza I've ever had!!
I thought the casino was nice, but their suites are pretty sick.  Huge bathroom, almost 1/2 the size of the suite itself, which came with a balcony that you can open and look onto one of the pools at the Cosmo.  The suite also has not 1 but 2 flatscreens for your viewing pleasure.  As if you couldnt just turn your head to watch the tv from the bed, they make it more convenient by placing one closer to the bed.  The room smelled like flowers and drinks were located in the mini fridge, for a fee of course.  It's still vegas people.  . . We were only staying 1 night and so the front desk guy hooked us up w a suite and said once you see it, you'll never want to leave.  So when I walked into the room, I immediately said "I'm not leaving."  By far my favorite casino to stay at in Vegas.
I had the pleasure of staying here for my birthday wknd and I must say: SIMPLY AMAZING. I'm not going to go into detail about the beautiful chandelier and the funky artsy stuff that you see as you're walking to the Wicked Spoon (the awesome buffet restaurant)... I think all the reviews on here have pretty much covered it all.. . I will just say that the Cosmopolitan has THE most amazing bed and pillows. If you don't come to Vegas to sleep at all, then don't waste your time here. I WANTED to sleep the whole time and just order room service so I can lie in on their delicious bed! . . This place also has the secret hole-in-the-wall pizza joint behind STK. Best pizza I've had, aside from NYC, hands down.
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 4 nights.  If you didn't know Cosmo is part of the Marriott family, so I used some of my Marriott reward points for our stay.  There was a special checkin line for Marriott guests.  At checkin the guy was super friendly and was looking to find the best possibly room for my stay.  We ended up having a King Terrance Suite with the Japanese Soaking Tub facing the Bellagio fountains.  The view is definitely worth the price!. . After I checked in, about an hour later, there was a knock at my door and they sent me a plate of cookies and 2 glasses of milk to welcome me!  I was impressed.. . We had a decent sized patio over looking the fountains.  That was my favorite part of the trip.  We sat there for hours watching the fountains and people watching.  MUST MUST MUST!!. . You can control the lights/A/C thru the TV.  Loved that technology.  The TVs were nice - beds were super comfortable.  Did not hear anyone from the other rooms or even outside for that matter.  . . Bathrooms were amazing.  I was a bit surprised at first to see you could totally view the person in the shower from the bedroom - they do have blinds though for any self conscience people.  Our room also featured a Japanese Soaking tub.  We definitely used that each night.  It was so nice to relax in the tub and watch the fountains from the tub (window to view from the tub area!).  . . Beware, the mini fridge and snacks are all electornically sensored, so if you move anything for more than 45 seconds you will be charged for it on your bill.  HOwever, if you accidently move something and get charged, hotel will easily refund it off of your bill at checkout.. . Would not recommend the hotel for casino play - not a big playing area as other casinos.  I think their main focus is the hotel, restaurants, bars, and clubs.  . . One big feature that we liked is that the hotel is centrally located so you could easily walk to any nearby casinos.. . Checkout process was a breeze.  Definitely will be back and fully recommend.
I am staying here whenever I am in Vegas from now on! . . This hotel constantly wowed me from the first moment I stepped foot inside. From the restaurants to the rooms, casino, and to Marquee my jaw was constantly on the floor.. . Dont miss out on the best burgers and shakes EVER from Holstein's!!!
I absolutely love this hotel! I haven't stayed here yet, but as for the casino, bars, and nightclubs, I LOVE it! Marquee is my new favorite club and the chandelier bar is absolutely gorgeous!! This hotel is a girl's dream! Glamorous and beautiful chandeliers everywhere!
This place is awesome. Like mucho mucho I want to live here. . okay so this review is incomplete because I have yet to stay here, I have only visited. But this hotel is tres nice. From the chandeliers to the bars and the random kick it area on level 3... seriously? I like the fact that they let people just chill in the casino. They also had a pool table where the chairs were located. Also the shops had a very anime artsy thing going on, which is a plus in my book. I liked just sitting here and looking at everything. . One thing that is a bummer is Marquee. There is a constant line and the people working the line are kinda asshole-y. Big time. . But ya know it's Vegas and usually people are assholes here.
Service is always top notch. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are really nice. . . I have stayed there twice this year and received a complimentary room upgrade because I was there for a short business trip. The front desk clerks are polite and professional. The dining options are decent, but not amazing. I will be back again in a few months because of the staff at every department.  . . The service reminds me of the W hotels, but the hotel rooms and amenities are not as clever. (There are not any of those irritating showers without shower doors here like at W hotels). The rooms are always spacious and have comfy beds and nice bathrooms. . . The West pool is relaxing. Not a ton of beach chairs, but the pool isn't gigantic either. I was there on a summer week day so I am not sure what it is like on the weekend.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 days and loved it. We had a three room suite with 2 full bathrooms and a full kitchen that overlooked the Belligio fountains. The view of the strip was by far the best in Vegas. The location made it easy to walk to all attractions. The drinks at the bars were quite pricey but we went right across the street to Planet Hollywood to drink. The rooms were very clean the bed was very comfortable. We would recommend this hotel for couples or singles.  We enjoyed the Wicked spoon buffet , thought it was the best on the strip.
It takes a lot to impress me when it comes to hotels in Vegas. I've been a frequent guest of this town for the past 25 years, and even a resident. . . When the Bellagio opened up about 10-15 years ago, I thought that it was nice. The Venetian was gorgeous. But, nothing popped up that just changed the game for me....until I saw the Cosmo!. . It is by far, the most gorgeous property that I've ever laid eyes on.. . The casino floor is nice! The dealers at each table are friendly, know how to run a game, and show their personalities.. . The restaurants are to die for. Try Holsteins, and grab some fries. Cooked in duck fat! Or an alcoholic shake!. . The Marquee club is pretty nice too! They pull in some big name talent, so you know you will have a great night.. . Oh....and the Chandelier! It's a bar inside a massive chandelier! . Yeah....you heard right.. . If you want to take a dip in the pool, you'll find it has some of the best views of Las Vegas. It overlooks the strip! Probably one of the best hotel pools in town!. . No Vegas trip is complete without a trip to the Cosmo! Even if you are staying elsewhere, it's worth the time and money to check out the features of the place. . . I can't wait for my next trip! Oh yeah...later today! Score.
amazing. love the chandelier, the decor is top notch. the room was so cool. i had a balcony on the 20th floor. the fridge had room for my drinks i bought which is good because sometimes the refridgerators dont have room at all for your stuff. two flat screens, nice big bathroom. marquee is off the chain. the pool is poppin, good pizza spot. only saw a few kids the whole time i was there. hbo (lol). im definately going to always try to stay here.
I'm making it a personal goal of mine to stay here the next time I'm in Vegas.. . Ohp, now it's out in public and now I have to make it happen!. . This place houses a lot of the things I love. Marquee, Holsteins...Wicked Spoon is pretty good...some other shit...it's just pretty in here ok? Just like me. HAHAHA. . I do have to voice that I absolutely HATE gambling here though. Why? Probably the only place I lost the entire time we were here for my birthday trip. Terrible. Terrible!!!!. . I managed to accrue a butt load of points though.. . Wrap-around suite here I come!
Let me just start by saying you know how most reviews ask you if you would recommend this to a friend? Well I would highly recommend the cosmopolitan to anyone!!!!!! . . My boyfriend and I stayed here last weekend for our anniversary and I'm already counting the days when I can come back. From the ambiance to the simple things like pizza, I just couldn't get enough of this place. . . Let's start with check-in, the staff was very friendly and informative. She gave us a map of the place and also recommended going to the Marquee day club, since we were hotel guest we would be comped. . . The room was extravagant! I seriously had to tell myself to close my mouth when I walked into the room. Big, comfy bed with like 8 pillows, your body just sinks in. The tv controller not only controlled the tv but adjusted the lighting, climate and even made reservations for the restaurants in the hotel. The bathroom was unbelievable, so modern and luxurious but yet functional at the same time. . . The food was mouthwatering! We had a slice each at the hidden pizza place our first day and ended up ordering a whole pizza by the end of the first night. We ate at Jaleo for dinner, this place brings the authentic flavor of Spanish tapas and paellas to Vegas. The food was delectable and the service was incredible! We ate at The Henry for breakfast and for a late night sweet tooth fix. The service was also incredible and the food was good for something quick and convenient.. . Marquee... Marquee... Marquee! What can I say about this place???? This is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. We make it a point to come here every time we're in town. This time it was Party Rock Mondays Redfoo from LMFAO, let me just say, if you've never been, you're missing out on one of the best parties in Vegas! Redfoo definitely knows how to entertain! I had the time of my life! . . Now my favorite part of The Cosmopolitan is definitely the pool! The boulevard pool is the most relaxing pool I've ever been to. It has strip views and shallow parts to lay in, so if you get hot from laying out, you can lay out in the pool. I love, love, love this pool!. . So needless to say, I highly recommend you stay here at least one but     trust me, you will definitely wanna come back!!!!!!!
all i can say is- wow. . . we reserved a one bdrm suite, but got upgraded to a terrace suite. it had a washer/dryer in our room and the room itself was so NICE. two bathrooms, a balcony with the view of the bellagio and the strip.. WOW. cosmopolitan totally spoiled me. their bed is also SO DAMN comfortable!. . the restaurants are REALLY tasty (will write review about those after). ESPECIALLY the pizza place. it's kinda hidden but we found it! i don't understand how pizza in vegas can taste better than the one in ny. WTF? . . the bars are SO COOL, and everything in general was just REALLY FUCKING NICE. i literally fell in love with the decor. sigh.. . the casino floor can be a little bigger in my opinion... (being a degenerate) :P when we went to the identy kiosk to ask about our points, they actually told us that we were legible to join this slot tournament, and we did.. and got 3rd place! yay for free slot monies! 8). . didn't have enough time to go to all three pools, but went to the one on the 14th floor? it's very cozy and not that big so if you want to have your "space" and not be bothered, this will be the pool to go to. . . was gonna go to marquee but the line on monday night was ridiculously long and being preggers, iwasn't going to wait in that line.. . DONT STAY AT THE VDARA, DONT STAY AT THE ARIA.. STAY AT THE COSMOPOLITAN. TRUST ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Super classy. Great artwork everywhere. A place to impress.
Very nice Hotel
Incredible.. . If you're looking for somewhere to take a bunch of pictures, drink and listen to music then this is the place. Its like being a club, but not...get it??
My favorite hotel in Las Vegas right now..it's very modern and cool. I've only stayed once but my stay was nothing short of amazing. Loved every second of the Cosmopolitan. We were fortunate enough to stay in a wrap around terrace suite overlooking the strip. That weekend Lauryn Hill Performed so it was nice watching her perform from balcony.  So when you first walk into suite you walk into long ...long Mirrored Wall hallway ..hidden washer and dryer in one of the closets. How great is that? You get a guest bathroom then it's the full kitchen and dining area. There is a nice living room area with desk and lounge chairs too. The balcony has plenty of seating for you and guests as well. Then in the next room is the master bedroom with huge bathroom that has tub and shower and his and hers sinks...score!   Sliding glass doors in bedroom and main suite area too. Very modern decor and I loved every bit of it, when I have time I will add pics. I loved the toilet room wall paper, lol. . . I called for Spa appointment and staff was way cool and friendly. I got a massage and it was amazing. Spa was nice but Canyon Ranch at the Pallazo is by far my favorite The dealers in the Casino were all pretty great and food at restaurants was good. Loved getting Pizza in the wee early morning to sober up..I forget the name but it's right next to Marquee I think :). . If I could afford it I would stay at this hotel all the time.....I can't think of one thing I don't like. Everything sparkles even their bar... have you seen the Chandelier bar?  I even went to concert in the Chelsea Ballroom (at The Cosmo) recently to watch Adele and I had a great time. Everything went smoothly and ladies.....enough bathrooms for everyone!!!
It is difficult to imagine having a better hotel experience in Las Vegas if you're 21-40 and want to be at the epicenter of a 'scene.' From the moment you pull up at the valet, you'll feel like you're a celeb and everyone's looking at you. And, well, you at them.. . Chandelier Bar is...truly something else. Just ginormous chandeliers everywhere and you feel like you're floating in the sky. A faux library that turns out to be a bunch of columns of video monitors. Brilliant. Lots and Lots and LOTS of beautiful people wearing very little clothing. (Although a note to the ladies: as much as I love short skintight dresses with high heels and although you look great in the Herve Leger knock-offs, please know that there are more than two possible outfits to wear to this hotel).. Marquee day and nightclub is just out of this world.. . I'd compare this place to the SLS in LA, but...really this is just on such a completely different level. . . The Cosmopolitan is the hottest of the hot spots in Vegas right now. As such, there is a price to pay if you want to experience it. Either expect and prepare to pay for it and don't complain about the prices, or stay somewhere else. It is what it is.
I think I accidentally stayed at a set of a Korean movie.  This place is so modern and cool (for Vegas) it doesn't feel like you're in a real hotel.. . I know it's strange to say but the room I stayed in (suite) *smelled* good.  Not the bleach or cleaning materials the cleaning staff used.  It smelled like fresh sheets and cotton.  My view wasn't that great (got to see the Aria and the highways) but I could look below me and see the hotel pool.  The amenities are courtesy of C.O. Bigelow, the same company you see in Bath and Body Works.  The towels were soft and my soaking tub was put to very good use.. . Every restaurant I went to here was great (see my recent reviews).  The staff were very quick to respond to small requests.  Having drinks at The Chandelier Bar made me feel like a I was an actress on set.  . . Best hotel experience I've ever had in Vegas.  I'm going back here for sure.
ultra swanky and absolutely stunning! i stayed at the aria, but i noticed i was also at the cosmo. i LOVED it here and i haven't even stayed in one of their rooms yet. i'll for sure book with cosmo next year and will add on to my review then.
The Cosmopolitan is breath-taking! For a brand new hotel on the strip, it's definitely a hotel to check out with all the chandeliers and Swarvoski looking crystals hanging all over the place. . . My friends and I did not stay here but came here for their Marquee nightclub and dayclub as well as their nice bathroom facilities :). . Maybe we'll come stay here when we are CEOs and doctors ;D
What's interesting about this place is that even though it's made for 20-somethings and mid-life crisis people, I wasn't too annoyed.  This hotel is definitely for adults.. . And I do agree with some people that the hotel resembles a movie, and that you're in the damn movie.  It's just beautiful.. . We were in a suite for a couple of nights, and I thoroughly enjoyed the room for the TVs, the balcony, and most especially the huge shower with a tub inside.  Yeah, the shower room has a tub.  It's the biggest shower I've seen in my time in Vegas without having to shell out more than $500 a night for a room.  Definitely impressive.. . I don't think I had any lingering issues, and I do enjoy the amenities that went with it.  I think I plan on coming back.
The Cosmo is my new favorite casino on the strip! The dealers are cool, the drinks are delicious & the people are hot! It's a place where you actually feel as though someone has put some tender loving, thought and attention into the decor and training the staff. . . I love having cocktails while gambling and it's always disappointing when you order a mixed drink and it comes back LAME! Those of you who gamble and drink know what I mean. You've just lost $1000 on the tables and you get a crappy martini served in a small glass. LAME! Maybe that's why my boyfriend always drinks beers? It's pretty tough to mess up a bottled beverage.. . I completely expected to have a crappy drink while gambling at the Cosmo but was pleasantly surprised when our drink girl brought us the best Comopolitan I've had in my entire life! The martini glass was big, the cocktail was tasty and even though we weren't winning any money that night, I was completely happy! I watched as Chef Curtis Stone rolled the dice on the next table, sipped on my perfect cosmopolitan (one of three I might add) and thought "This is the life..." We are totally staying at the Cosmo on our next trip to Vegas! Cheers yeeps, bottoms up!. . Yelp 365 Challenge: #37/365 (The Perfect Cosmo)
What can't I say about this place!  The Cosmopolitan has set the gold standard for casino resorts in Vegas. If you are intending to open a resort in Vegas, well, there's the model by which you should meet or exceed!. . I suggest getting there early and leaving late.. . Arriving to the hotel is like arriving to the set of a movie (or some island resorts if you've been to few with the epoxy drive ways, etc).  Once you turn off the main street and into the valet area of the hotel, you know for sure you are in for an ultra-hip experience.. . From the fragrance that fills the air to the details of the 5 story chandelier, you know that no detail was spared the hotel. The thing that's most impressive about this resort is the casino area on the first 5 or so floors. WOW. . . I beg of you - get to the Marquee early!. . 3 fantastic pools!  The strategy should be different for all 3.  #1 - Bamboo - go here in the morning for a more peaceful atmosphere and brunch. #2. Boulevard - check out this pool for the special events or if you want to do lunch and play some games in between soaking in the pool. LOVED it.  Louder younger crowd.. #3 Day Club pool - this is a spot for all day and night.  I believe it is connected to Marquee, but I can't really  be sure. I should have asked.. . The Bond Bar - uhm basically a club, sans the $25 cover charge.  I preferred being here for that reason.  Great drinks and nice bartenders. Oh yeah, and it practically sits on the strip!  So people walking by wave at ya if you're sitting on the near side of the bar... they just basically wish they were you.. . my only complaint is the Cosmo's rooms just are not as nice as Aria's rooms.  Aria has the Cosmo beat on rooms.  Other than that, no other casino can open down there and not be compared to the Cosmopolitan.
My new favorite casino!  By far!. . The decor is amazing.  The music makes my hipster ears happy.  Sensors in the garage tell me there's an open spot.  There's art vending machines.  There's fun glass elevators to ride on (be careful when wearing a dress).  There's tons of restaurants.  There's dog statues!  SECRET PIZZA!!!. . So, that about sums up my love of the Cosmopolitan.  Plus they had Robert Randolph for FREE at Book & Stage.  Whaaat?!
I would give this place a 4 star review based on a few things.  But just for the sheer beauty of the pools, the ammenities that our room had & the WOW factor of the lobby this is a 5 star all the way.  This is a must stay when in Lost Wages even if it's for one night just to experience the place.  Check to make sure you can get an early check in & possibly a late check out even if it costs you because exploring this place can take quite some time.  To impress your lady friend this is definitely the place to bring her, and that is based on the sheer WOW factor that mine had on her face from the moment she walked through the door.  . . Great Job Cosmo!
GORGEOUS hotel inside and out.. . We didn't actually stay here, although I'd like to in the future when we're back in Vegas.. . Big ups to the designer of this hotel, it's like walking into my dream bedroom. . . I love how girly sexy everything feels here.. . They have a great selection of top-rated restaurants and who could beat that secret hole-in-the-wall pizza place inside?! OMG, what a hidden gem that was! Next time I'm there, I'm totally hitting up Wicked Spoon Buffet too! I hear good things about that place. :)
WOW this place is nice. . When I hear sleek with killer decor Cosmopolitan will always come to mind. . Had a few drinks in one of the bars. The chill lounges are nice. The Marquee club was bumping. The decor is crazy nice . I love the colors inside & out. Lots of floors w/lots of activities. Love love love this place
Perhaps the sexiest place on the strip.  Just the decorations scream "take me now"!  I wish I can translate this Vegas spectacular into my personal home.. . Just an FYI- there is a hole-in-the-wall pizza joint located on the uppermost floor.  They mainly serve locals and workers, but if you find the place- they give you props and serve you as well.  The pizza joint doesn't have a name and isn't decorated but the food is well worth the treasure hunt.. . STK is also marvelous.  Refer to my STK review for more details.
This place is sure to become a legendary Las Vegas Hotel.  It is a great example of why Las Vegas is the playground for adults.  I am just worried I will not have enough time to spend here.  This is truly a world class hotel.  It is truly something for the 22nd Century.  I even enjoyed hanging out with some great Hoyas!  Hoya Saxa!
First of all I want to start by saying that I absolutely LOVE the Cosmo!! Even though there was a moldy half eaten fruit and cheese plate left in our room, I couldn't remove a star because the rest of the experience was so great!. . My boyfriend and I stayed at the cosmopolitan 3 months ago for our 2 year anniversary. At check in we received a $50 drink voucher at the Bar near the checkin. We thought that was pretty cool:-) Because of our anniversary we were able to upgrade (for an extra few hundred dollars) to the Wrap Around Suite...OMG! First lets start with the fact that its basically an apartment (1400 sq ft), full kitchen, living room, bedroom, and two bathrooms. Next, the view was AMAZING!!! It doesn't get the name wrap around for nothing; the balcony was huge and literally wraps around the entire suite! From living room to the bedroom...It has two big couches on each end and a smaller couch on the corner of the balcony. Our view was from the Bellagio water show, the paris hotel (eiffel tower facing our living room was beautiful at night), and wrapped around to planet hollywood. It was Bananas! The bed was super comfortable, and I loved the jacuzzi style tub in the bedroom. Also, there was a washer and dryer...Yes, Inside of the room! What hotel does that? Amazing!. . Now lets talk about that nasty fruit n cheese plate. When we first arrived we thought it was some special thing for our anniversary until we saw the mold...Disgusting! We called housekeeping to have it removed, left the room for a couple of hours, came back and the nasty plate was still there! At that point we called to complain and the hotel was very accommodating; gave us a $150 food/drink voucher for any restaurant in the hotel and shortly after the cheese plate was removed. Housekeeping could definitely use some improving, but everything else about this hotel from the front lobby, the pools, spa, to the customer service (especially the room service-they were truly amazing/nice) was grade A and we will be returning for another stay in two weeks. Oh btw, I won like $400 playing wheel of fortune slots! :-D . . I forgot to add that there's this hidden pizza parlor (stays open until 3am) on the same floor as the Scarpetta restaurant; It is very much hidden (looks like a hallway to nothing), we kept seeing people walking around with pizza boxes and we're like wtf!? Where are they getting this pizza?!?! lol. We even asked some of the hotel staff and they didn't even know what we were talking about (Weird right?) It took us 3 out of our 4 night stay to find it. Sorry for the long post, theres just so much to say about this place. Loved it!
I had a room on the 35th floor.. love the design and feel of the Cosmopolitan... Very luxurious but it can be a pricey stay... the facility will nickel and dime you at every turn from the mini-fridge to the tempting amenities in the room and throughout the hotel... An absolute GEM! . . The staff are very attentive and respectful.. the place is classy no doubt about it... they have this eclectic air and physical dignity that is unmatched when you're the new boy in town... I was really impressed with the lobby area and various shops that they have in the building. . . This is an experience I won't forget and I will recommend them to everyone... I had the most amazing view of the Bellagio from my suite... absolutely breath taking views... Spend the money and stay in the five-star fantasy called the Cosmopolitan...!
Great new Casino with a very cool look.   Did not stay here but spent some time in the bars and eats here.  All were great.  Staff here was very friendly.. . Must try The wicked Spoon buffet.  If you into the nightlife check out The Marque.
I can't wait to stay here again.  The boudoir, goth, luxurious feel carried from the lobby, into the elevators, the casino floor and the rooms.... We got a pretty good rate going to Vegas mid week and the terrace room we got was gorgeous in the West tower over looking the Bellagio fountains and Paris Eiffel Tower.  The awesome $75 promotion voucher went into dinner at STK the first night which was pretty good but not the best I've had (compared to peter luger's and such in NYC). However the service and overall experience at STK was yummy.  The hidden pizzeria was, as promised, pretty darn good!  The Wicked Spoon buffet was just perfect, with tons of variety and high quality for most of the dishes.. . Then we tried Marquee nightclub that Monday night, was able to get in for free and skip the line b/c we were hotel guests. The club was SICK, great music, the expected high priced drinks, fun vibe especially around the pool area and even gambling tables.  Despite the club being on the other side of the hotel though, we heard the bumping bass til 3am. Fortunately, the nightclub was not open the other 2 nights we were there.. The Dayclub was a fun day in the sun with dance party music and pretty people, but the Boulevard pool would've been just as pleasant if not more just to relax instead.. . The Chandelier bar had delicious cocktails and even a Cosmopolitan ordered at the gaming tables was great. I wish i had known to order them earlier in our stay but maybe it's good I didn't b/c we came out even after our 4 day stay of gambling.. . by far, the hottest hotel, casino and club in town...
In one word - SUPERB! . I arrived on a Friday night and had absolutely no wait at the registration desk. The staff was super friendly and I was immediately into a one bedroom terrace suite. . From the very beginning to the very end this hotels was 5 stars in every way! The room was outstanding with a view of the fountains at the Bellagio. The room was HUGE with a balcony as well as a living room and BIG bathroom. Everything in the room was controlled via the remote control for the TV (lights, climate control etc).There is something for everyone to see and a great location for high and low end shopping and eating.
I have to give the Cosmo 5stars mainly cause of All Saints! Great hotel.
this is as good as it gets in vegas, baby. it's a brand-spanking new, stiletto'ed glam-fab casino on the strip. it's the jimmy choo of casinos if they were shoes.. . Key Points. 1. service is pretty flawless. it's almost like being waited on by management consultants because they are constantly coming up with solutions to best serve you or answer a question. not the usual robotic, yes/no responses. oh and when you hit "beck and call" on the phone, a smart, polite, amicable person picks up within 1 ring.. . 2. the restaurants on the 3rd floor are all super expensive. all of them. i mean like $36/dish expensive. but pretty stunning selection.. . 3. billing and estimation is HORRENDOUS. although I booked through "a third party" (priceline) i got 4 or 5 different interpretations of my bill.  some people said there would be 12% on top, others said not. we got so many mini bar charges that were reversed. i'm pretty sure they do that just to smoke & mirror you. oh and it's been a week since i got back and i STILL haven't gotten the bill emailed to me. . . 4. Location could be better. a couple ppl commented that it's not as central as Bellagio and Caesar's.. . 5. Decor is gorgeous. It's more of a fashion experiment in art-deco, glam, accessory-mania, glitterati kaleidescop-ism. an oasis from the disney-themed or italian/roman-themed casinos LV is beating the crap out of.. . 6. i have to comment on the music in the elevator, downstairs lobby, and Holsteins. whoever chose that music is my lover. and my savior amidst the mind-numbing euro-trash club techno. DEPECHE MODE? JUNIOR BOYS? SPOON? NEW ORDER? i wanted to curl up in that psychedelic elevator the whole trip and be mind-massaged by all the music i love. CALL ME. WE WILL MAKE BEAUTIFUL MUSICAL BABIES TOGETHER. WE WERE MEANT TO BE.. . 7. Marquee:Clubs as Jupiter:Planets. . ciao
Stunning!!  Checked into a 1bdrm -Fountain View Suite.  PERFECT SELECTION!!!  The view was so nice, we opted for the East Tower which is situated closer to the strip.  It's directly next to the fountains of Bellagio.. . The bathroom had a walk in shower with fancy soaking tub that looked out on to the strip.  Living room was very modern/chic.  The sort of "closet" area was huge with mirrors all over.  The whole thing is a for sure return room.. . I'd have to say Cosmopolitan is better for a younger crowd.  Fun and hip!!  Awesome experience...
Service at checkin was a little spotty..but looking around the hotel more than makes up for the spotty service.. For a fairly new hotel, we were a bit shocked that the hallways in the room towers and the walls in the hotel room were scuffed...can't they fix that up?  . Couldn't get over the fab balcony!  . And yay for c.o. Bigelow everywhere!
We stayed here for four nights (Sunday - Wednesday) and did not want to leave, ever. And with all the amenities there is hardly a reason to leave! . . The Rooms: are stunning and HUGE and sexy. It is true that the East Tower is loud at night, so request West Tower or bring earplugs if you are there on a Friday, Saturday, or Monday night. . . The Staff: with the exception of the Boulevard pool staff, all the other staff were extremely friendly and approachable, especially the waiters and waitresses at the various restaurants. We chatted with a bouncer at Marquee for about 30 minutes. . . The Spa: my husband had the balance and harmony massage and love it. I had the vitality and vigor transformation and I think it was customized because we were in a couples room and some of the transformation elements could have been disturbing, so it was not as 'transformative' as I might have liked but it was a good massage. Definitely go with the couples suite, it has a steam shower, true rain shower, and soaking tub and you get 30 minutes of alone time after your services. . . The Restaurants: were superb. The grilled fish and charred octopus at Milos was amazing. Jaleo was so much fun and I loved the homemade 'olives'. China Poblano seems like a crazy idea but it was fantastic. The Beijing Glass noodles, the Viva China taco, and the Mango Sticky Rice (with sticky rice foam and mango granite) were my favorites. Golden Spoon is the best buffet in Vegas, no question. Hofsteins was perfect. . . Tip - They have Monday specials all over the hotel. $1 Shots at Hofsteins and 80 minute spa treatments for the price of 50 minutes, just to name two. Check out the site for more details.
Decided to spend my 35th Birthday here a couple of weeks ago and boy I wasn't disappointed at all.. This place is like a hotel out of your dreams. Beautifully designed, great decor, wonderful views and exquisite dining. It's nothing short of fabulous.. . The only thing I didn't get to enjoy was the pool and I'm pretty sure it was cool too :). . Since it was my birthday we upgraded our room so we could have a view so they put us on the 63 floor :)  Our view was heavenly!!!! We were facing the Bellagio and got to see the water show for the entire stay.  . . In case you didn't know, The Cosmo is a Marriott property. We were able to use our points :). . Can't wait to stay here again!
If you're going to spend money on an upscale Vegas hotel, this is the one to book. The staff is friendly, the rooms are clean, and the hotel/casino is amazing! Plus, as a guest, you get access to Marquee without having to wait in the general admission line.. . Food wise, there's several great restaurants, at least 2 of which are open all night. Room wise, spend the extra $75 and get a suite; nothing beats chilling on your own private patio! Request one above the pool area, that way you can party on your balcony while the music from the live acts/DJs filters up from the pool!. . The verdict? If you're going to be spending any time at all in your room, book the Cosmo. I promise you won't regret it. However, if you're one of those people that likes to gamble and club nonstop, don't drop the money if you're never going to be in your room.
Awesome! I think we're going to stay here next time! I felt like I was doing everything there. Eating, drinking, lounging, gambling, just had to swim and sleep there and it would have been literally everything! I think I will do that next time! . . Lots of great art all around the casino. Surprisingly enough, steampunk like themes! I was very excited to see this at a major casino. Thank you for your AWESOME chandelier lounge. THIS IS VEGAS.
So i got to see what the rave was all about..... . Cab driver drops us off in the lobby.... "steaming hot".. . weather wise..and people wise.. . from girls all dressed up in their party heels with croth high hems, and dashing men coming out of their rides, walking all together like a herd of sheep.... Fabulous people watching setting.. . My party walks in and we see a wonderland of shiny, sparkly and blinged out things! from crystal looking low dropped giant chandeliers to shiny mirrored pillars..to modern chic lounges... aaaah. so HIP. so COOL.. so YOUNG!. . Save moolah and book a stay here!!!! And worth a visit.....to show off your classy sexy outfits and shoes..... . Don't bling yourself out too much though... you'll blend too much with the interior. Stand out and Keep classy!
BEST HOTEL/CASINO ON TH STRIP! Right away you walk in and the place is freakin bumpin and a bar is right there! The people seemed to be younger here than anywhere else too! which works for me because my boyfriend and I are 25& 22. Marquee is CRAZY! soo much fun! Great music, great people, drinks are Vegas priced and overall just the best experience ever @ a casino! Cosmo is a must @ Vegas and next time I will for sure stay here!
Love this hotel.  One of the cleanest hotels in Vegas.  Rooms are huge.  Location is excellent as well. No doubt next trip, this is where we will stay.
on the higher end of the price side for pizza but goes to show you get what you pay for. i have only been there a few times but both times were very good. . on the note of the location of it, it really is extremely hidden you could walk by the entrance a million times and never see it, in fact i did walk past it atleast 5-6 times if not more before asking the security people where it was.. . DIRECTIONS YOULL NEED:. its on the 3RD FLOOR. when you go up the escalator (assuming you come up the same one i did lol) youll see a pool table to your left and some chairs.. if you look straight ahead from that escalator youll see a hallway, very narrow small looks like an entrance that could be for the maintenance to go through, THATS IT, that brown little hallway that looks like nothing.
This is based on partying here....not staying - although I'm guessing the rooms are incredible since the rest of the hotel is incomparable.. . If you're in LV, you MUST visit the Cosmo.  That's it.  Period.
Iunno what nicole was talking about, this shizz is coo, they even gave us free water while we waited to check in.. . I drank that water and gave them 5 stars for that. I think it was tap but it didn't matter I was thirsty.
What started off as a night going horribly wrong ended up the BEST stay in Las Vegas ever!!. . I had two free nights at the Southpoint but I REALLY wanted to stay @ the Cosmo. My cousin decided to look it up on her phone and told me a night's stay was $50 cheaper than when I previously checked. We decided to book a night there but there was a phone glitch and it didn't go thru - TWICE! . . We called in and tried to charge on her debit card. DECLINED. I told her not to panic and used my card instead. It zipped thru. She checked her account and sure enough there were two charges from the Cosmo. She gets back on the phone with them to try to credit it but unfortunately (nice guy) could only credit one charge.. . We were like: "Two tears in a bucket. MotherFvck it!" We got back to a Vegas state of mind.. . So I'm driving my happy ass on and what do I see?! Pinche flashing lights behind me! Balls n Tits!!!!!!. . We get pulled over and long story short, po po likes Filipina girls and let's me ride with a warning instead of a speeding ticket!!! Yahoooooo!. . The night couldn't get better! Oh wait! But it did!! As soon as we get to Southpoint we end up winning at the penny slots!!! My cousin got her Vegas money back inadvertently.. . The next day we spend time gambling. Winning. Eating. Watching. Then it was time to check out then check in at the Cosmo.. . We check in and registration guy confirms our room: Wraparound Suite for less than 2 bills. Me and my cuz look at each other and.....squeal. LOL. Registration guy says: "We apologize for any inconvenience with our online reservation system. Please accept this upgrade to the Wraparound Suite.". . We rush our happy asses thru this beautiful hotel (chandeliers, plush velvet couches, dim mood lighting) to get to the elevators (separate key card to access the floor of your room).. . We spot our suite and our breaths are literally sucked out. I shuffle my behind across the room and do what tards do when they're happy (hump everything in site)! (I'm the type that likes to splurge on hotel rooms when I go to Vegas and this room was amazing!). . The terrace view was awe inspiring and the bed was wet dreamy! (best sleep ever in Vegas). . There were 2 bathrooms (both could've fit a rugby team). The freebies were top notch too! The kitchen was better than my kitchen at home! The layout was roomy, comfy and tres chic!. . My cousins and I ended up staying in the room a lot more than on the strip! Now that was a damn good suite!. . From beginning to end, VERY HAPPY with the Cosmopolitan!
About $200/night on weeknights.. . But what a classy experience.  The room had beautiful decor, a hottub, walk-in shower, separate toilet room, and his and hers sinks.  The high-tech phone has a screen from which you can control the A/C, Music on the TV, call the front desk and order room service.. . The view was pleasing, a TV in the 'living room/entryway area" as well as a seperate one in the bedroom.  Large closet, a leather trunk in the middle of the room to use as a table or seat.  . . The casino downstairs and the restaurants, bars and clubs were all superlative.  Marquee had a great DJ, $9 beers (20 oz Heineken tins).  The Chandelier is neat to see the giant glass displays although the lounge areas seem small.  The Chandelier is a nice place to people watch.. . The shopping stores were a joke compared to the high end joints next door at the mall to the east of Aria (Porsche, Gucci, Tiffany, LVouitton).  Skip the Cosmo stores or you will regret it.
Excellent hotel, great attention to detail, polite staff and helpful dealers. . . Sushi joint on the 3rd floor has an amazing vibe. . . Rooms on the North side with a view of the Bellagio water show are amazing.
Absolutely stunning. If I can help it, I will never stay anywhere else again. The kitchenette, terrace, design details and finishes in our room were impeccable and accommodated the four of us comfortably. Every time we left the hotel, we ended up going back because everything straight up sucks compared to this place. The Vesper Bar in the lobby is amazing, the cocktails are well worth the $12 price tag. Book and Stage hosted Nick Waterhouse and the Tarots for free all three nights we were there and rocked the friggin' house. The Chandelier Bar is stunning. China Poblano is the best damn Mexican/Chinese fusion EVER EVER. I recommend the Barbacoa Tacos. And the Wicked Spoon buffet is unbelievable, the food is out of this world delicious. Yes a little pricey but its the hippest(hate the word but true) hotel in Vegas. There is no comparison, every other is just stuffy. Even the music they play through out is Indie and we knew every song. I heart you Cosmopolitan, I heart you.. . **The only downfall was the staff- besides the bartenders at Vesper and bottom floor of the Chandelier Bar-they can be a bit of a pain and a little rude. If the concierge, registration staff mind their tude's a bit more, the place is a 10.
Absolutely loved this hotel.  I've been fortunate to stay at many of the popular hotels in Vegas such as Bellagio, the Venetian, and Wynn, but I have to say that Cosmopolitan is my new favorite. . . The decor is chic and modern.  The location fantastic at mid-strip and the selection of shops, restaurants, and clubs top notch.   The fact that Wicked Spoon, one of the best new buffets, is located here is just icing on the cake. . . Of course, to achieve that coveted 5 stars, it's Cosmopolitan's attention to detail that sets it apart.  The rooms are technological marvels with more connections than some AV rooms.  All the lights are dimmable and controllable by the phone, wall switches and more.  Service is quick and just a click on the LCD phone screen or television away.  Valet check out is done by scanning your tickets and the car us ready in record times.. . Look for Secret Pizza and make sure to set your alarm clock via the phone to wake you with pleasant sounds, music, TV, and automatic lights.. . Despite how popular this place is (it was named one of the best new hotels for 2011), I found the service more friendly and less pretentious than I've experienced at several other top tier resorts in Vegas and that fits me fine.  . . Cosmopolitan accepts all credit cards, including American Express.
LA LA LOVE the Cosmopolitan. This hotel is one of the newer ones in Vegas and I love their decor. They have a very modern feel to it. The rooms are really nice and the beds are comfy. They have a full floor dedicated to all restaurants with everything from mexican to steak to asian to greek. I had the opportunity to try out Milo's Restaurant, STK, and Comme Ca. They are all fabulous. Milo's has a wonderful selection of fish on the menu if your a seafood person and STK is a great trendy steakhouse that's always fun for late night dinners. The casino is good, they have plenty of tables to go around and the location of Cosmo is great, your right in the middle of everything.
Gorgeous Property for the Curious Crowd!!! Not for your average " I wanna play penny slots and win big" type of tourist.
I go to Vegas 6 to 8 times a year. First time staying here. found out i get Marriott points here for some reason. this was by far my best Vegas experience in 20 plus years. i will only go here now.
My husband and I love the cosmopolitan.  They have AMAZING service.  Since he gambles there, we got hooked up pretty well last couple stays. I love the ambiance everywhere in the hotel.  I love how all the nice restaurants are all around each other with a lounge as well. and one last word: MARQUEE!!!!
The hottest hotel in Vegas! Everything is beautiful...The lobby, decor, people. If a hotel could be a model, the Cosmo would be on the cover of the top fashion magazine! So hip and chic...This is the place to see and be seen.. . The Chandelier Bar is Amazing! A beautiful chandelier encompasses several floors of the hotel and bar patrons can enjoy its wonderment. Drinks are pricey but ambience is worth it. . . I've also visited STK upstairs and Marquee Nightclub. Loved STK...Sat in the bar and ordered heavy appetizers that were recommended by fellow Yelpers. Loved the bread. The DJ there was playing old school 80s/90s music so we were eating and dancing in our seats. Very enjoyable experience. . . Marquee Nightclub is definitely a hot spot, especially on a Monday night. Money is a must! Bottle service is pricey, but being women, we lucked out when three separate parties asked us to join their table. Typical party fun in Sin City!. . Don't forget to stop by the Cosmopolitan Hotel while in Vegas...You won't be disappointed. I'll definitely be back soon.
For my very first trip to Las Vegas (Halloween 2011) I wanted my stay to be the best it could be. After all, you always remember your first time anywhere. I am very, very glad I chose to stay at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. I had read numerous bad reviews of the Cosmo leading up to my stay but I can speak from my experience that I think a lot of them are unfounded. I had the time of my life in Vegas and a lot of it was due to the excellent service and the incredible accomodations I received at the Cosmo.. . First off, this place is sleek. Maybe the sleekest building let alone hotel that I have ever been inside. Everything is gorgeous, everything is mega modern and everything reeks of pure coolness. Everything from the 3-D animated wall art at the front desk checkin that are alone worth a visit inside the hotel; to the super modern rooms with terrace balconies that have amazing views of the Strip, the mountains and Las Vegas; to the super friendly and courteous front desk staff who go through great lengths to ensure your stay is top notch to the food. WOW. Seriously. Try the Wicked Spoon. I ate there five times during my stay there and cannot wait to go back. Also, if you can find it, the secret pizza kitchen is phenomenal. Where else can you get a slice of pizza and a beer for under $10 at 3am in the morning? I probably spent more time scarfing down that pizza than I did anything else.. . One of the biggest complaints I had read regarding the Cosmo was about the poor service of its housekeeping staff, but I must admit they were the best I've ever encountered. They quickly responded to when I had a concern or needed something. They were polite, friendly and respectful and always did a fantastic job of cleaning my room. They worked hard to ensure my stay was a pleasant one. I tipped them double simply because I had never received such great service before. They were awesome.. . My favorite hangout the entire week I was in town was the Chandalier Bar. For me, it was the only bar in all of Las Vegas that seemed to summarize everything that is great about the town; the glamour, the beauty and the sheer crazyness of it all. The Chandalier is a 3-level bar encased in a gigantic 3-story crystal chandalier. The 2nd level of the bar was my favorite as it's actually inside the chandalier itself. Very, very cool. I felt like a celebrity drinking a white russian at midnight there.. . I also loved the casino. I've never been a huge fan of casinos that are chaotic and hard to navigate so the Cosmo's casino was a nice change of pace for me. The limits weren't too bad, the cocktail waitresses were prompt and friendly and it's easy to find everything you want to play, and more importantly, easy to find your way out of the casino. Nothing aggravates me more than getting lost in a huge casino.. . I highly recommend the Cosmo. No hotel is perfect so don't read too much into any bad reviews you may see about this place. Having never been to Vegas before and having no expectations I can say with the utmost certainty that the Cosmo is an exquisite hotel and worth every penny. If you get the chance to visit I highly recommend it.
Super chic, cute, sexy and comfy hotel, filled with so many either modern contemporary or vintage paintings, arts and books, the huge crystal chandelier is just amazing, very very beautiful. This hotel provides the right amount of wrong luxury experience in every way imaginable. . . This hotel is not so big, which I liked it a lot, the walking distance to places is not too bad, good for my feet. :) There are so many things to do in this hotel, we pretty much just hung out here on a Saturday, and it was packed with tipsy people everywhere after midnight! I guess a lot of people stayed at other hotels came to cosmopolitan to hang out. There are 3 bars in this hotel, Vesper at the main entrance, Bond at the Eastside tower entrance, Chandelier bar in the middle with 3 floors. Most of the signature restaurants are on third floor, Marquee nightclub main entrance is on second floor, and some shops as well. The second floor entrance leads to Strip, PH, Aria and The crystals. . . There are 2 towers in this hotel, westside tower is on the main entrance side, the floors are lower, some of the rooms are at Marquee nightclub level, which are not good on weekends, extremely loud, but they have Bellagio fountain view rooms, Eastside tower has higher floors, they have nice strip view rooms and suites. Valet pickups on both entrances are one floor lower. The taxi wait gets crazy on weekend nights, town cars available for $45, no wait and very luxury & clean.. . Front desk people were super friendly and helpful, they get out of their desks to greet hotel guests, and check us in. Our front desk guy gave us a lot of information on the choices of the viewof our suite, we decided to go EastSide tower higher floor to have entire city center, strip and Vegas skyline views. . . We had a wraparound Terrace suite for 5 days, 1200 sf, 480 sf Private terrace with panoramic views of Vegas skyline, 3 majestic sliding glass doors lead to this private terrace. We could see pretty much all the hotels on the strip. Full kitchen, separate dining table, bar filled with refreshments. Snacks, sub zero wine cooler. Living area with a closet, washer, dryer, bathroom with shower, weight scale, couch, sofa, work desk and TV. Bedroom with super comfy king bed, couch, TV, bedroom drawer, closet with personal safe, slippers and bathrobes. Huge bathroom with oversized bathtub right behind the bed with an open space,  spacious shower, his & her sink, night light, weight scale, and luxury bathroom amenities.  . . This suite is beautiful, comfy and luxury, the bed and pillows are extremely comfy, perfect for a good night sleep after hard partying. Oversized bathtub to take a bubble bath every night before I went to bed. Alarm sounds so good, TV controller controls everything in bedroom and bathroom. The cutest thing is that they have some books to read, even an erotic book about sex positions in one of the night stands! How sexy is that! There are some beautiful paintings in the suite too. . . I liked our suite a lot, but the housekeeping service was so bad on our second day stay. We had to call 3 times to ask for house keeping service, finally someone came in and cleaned for us. After that, they did a good job on housekeeping, they provided more bathroom amenities and towels we asked, and lip balms too, cause it was sooo dry in Vegas ! of course we tipped good like usual. :) Luggage people did great jobs, it was hard work to carry my huge wedding dress and hang it in the closet nicely. . . Fitness center (6-9) is located on 14th floor west tower, 24 hour fitness center is located on 15th floor east tower, $15 per day for hotel guests. Very nice and clean. . . Hotel provides in room dining service, extensive food and drink menu, a small menu available all day. We ordered fries and chicken wings early in the morning, they were really good, but they charged almost 50% service fee, those cost $55. . . Overall our 5 days stay was pleasant, comfy and fun, this wraparound terrace suite is perfect for sexy n romantic weekend getaways, and they have free wifi, bring your iPad! :) . . One bad thing is the smoking, I smelled smokes in my hair and skin all the time:( minus that . Everything else was great. . . Rates were a bit high on that weekend because of the big fight  and we had wraparound terrace which is the second most expensive suite at Cosmopolitan, it was nearly $900 on Friday night and $800 on Saturday night. Much cheaper on weekdays, about half the weekend rates. If you decide to stay there, at least get an one bedroom premium view, it is really worth it. . . It gets even more expensive staying here, the dinings, bar tabs, nightclub, plus valet, luggage, housekeeping tips, so rememembr to get an identity card first,  you get points from what you spend at the Cosmopolitan hotel.. . Ps. Special thanks to valet ppl. Best hotel valet ever! They told us about the town car which provided great service for us too!
Posh & Comfy... what more can you ask for? . Employees were extremely courteous... Loved our suite and stay... . For sure going to stay here again!
we have stayed in the wrap around suite twice now and love it! . . the rooms were meant to be condos so the amenities are great for an apartment feel. we love "making a home" when we vacation and it's very easy to do so here. . . the views are great and in the wrap around you get plenty of angles to choose from. the beds are cozy, the bathroom is lush and the kitchen living area is a great place to entertain. we opened all the balcony doors and just have the best time roaming around the room. . . the rest of the hotel is modern and beautiful. as a girl i love the pink chandeliers and crystal touches, but they keep the rest of the decor modern enough for my boyfriend to handle. the bars here are my absolute favorite. the bond bar has this amazingly beautiful woman working it that we have seen both trips and she can make a mean cotton candy martini...if that's your thing! . . great payouts and comps, great staff, casino, rooms and restaurant. i almost hate to mention it, but the secret pizza shop hidden with in the cosmopolitain is seriously the best pizza i have ever had. now don't tell anyone i told you about it! haha
Went here for some drinks and to check this place out. I was so tired that night I think it was Saturday night and it was for sure packed at the Chandelier and the Club upstairs had a ridiculous line to get in. Good thing we came for drinks and found a little hidden bar lounge towards the back of the hotel with plenty of seating, reasonable prices, and a waitress ready to take our drinks no reservations needed hooray!! We walked around for a bit checked out the casino and it was just beautiful can't way to stay here with my pets! Hooray!
As a Las Vegas local, this the only place on the strip that I actually go to on a regular basis.  The Cosmopolitan is full of great restaurants and great bars, you almost forget you are in a casino.  If you would like to gamble, the tables are all clean and there are all of the usual slot favorites.  Like I mentioned before, where this place really shines for me is in it's world class food offerings.  Even the buffet is wonderful.. . I have also been in a standard and upgraded guest room and they are very well appointed and chock full of technology for controlling the lighting, listening to music, or requesting any number of services from your TV.
Get your short, tight dresses and stilleto's ready girls and the more sparkly the better!  Please though, look in the mirror to make sure you should actually go out in public.... . That's the basic women's dress code for a night at The Cosmopolitan and when pulled off, definitely fits the vibe here.  Sleek, chic, sexy and young (majority of the crowd) help to describe this place.  Walking through the lobby and going up multiple escalators to Scarpetta for dinner is a high energy, dazzling experience, at least on this Saturday night.  There is eye catching art everywhere and Scarpetta alone is a reason to dine there although in reading other reviews, it's clear this is not a one hit wonder on the dining front.. . Would consider staying here next visit just based on the energy level alone!
We got a great deal on Jetsetter for this place (as you've probably noticed from my reviews, I'm a deal hunter and I'm yet to pay full price for anything over $200) for a suite that is normally $640 and up a night. We had a sitting area, a kitchen area, a bathroom with a shower and a jacuzzi, a big balcony and all on the 31st floor with a great view. We stayed for two nights, and it was one of the best places we've ever been in.. The vibe is undeniable, the place is not sleazy- even in the gambling area. The chandelier bar is awesome, and the stores are really nice. The Wicked Spoon buffet might be a bit on the pricey side but it's some of the best food we've ever had. Just thinking about it makes me want to get on the plane and fly there just for the buffet. The staff was great all over the place, and I can't really find anything bad to say about The Cosmopolitan.
O_O. . WOW. . . Chic. Classy. Stunning. Glitz. Glamour. Upscale. Sexy. Do ya need more adjectives?!. . This hotel is by far the nicest new kid on the block. The Bellagio has a special place in my heart as does the Wynn, but I feel like this hotel is more for the younger crowd. . . Be DRESSED TO IMPRESS. Because you will stick out like a sore thumb if you don't! Everyone else (females) are in cute dresses, decked out in jewlery, high stilleto's with hair and makeup did... men are in their collar shirts, slacks, dress shoes, hair did too!... . . EYE CANDY - everywhere! Chandeliers hanging everywhere and it's just amazing to see... so FLASHY! HELL even the BATHROOM is NICE! . . Nice huge floor full of gaming options... shops... various dining options... pool... and Marquee (hella packed!!!)... . . Definitely a choice to stay at on my future Vegas trip... if the Bellagio or Wynn doesn't reel me back in lol.... . The crowd is youngER... (30's ish)... and everywhere you walk there are crowds of fine lookin people hanging out... I guess this is the newest hot spot on the strip! Kudos to you Cosmo! :)
Everything was perfect. I recommend the suites in the east tower that has the view of the Bellagio fountains!. . Only suggestions: They need to have coffee makers in the rooms, and add vending machines to each floor if not every 5 floors.
Beautiful, appealing colors, textures, and glamorous all in one place.  The casino is full of excitement and a walk through leaves you feeling like you are a high roller even if your not.  Very contagious vibe in the air. . . The spiral stairs with the chandelier is way over the  top, I could sit and watch it for hours with the way the light hits, and the reflections it's so much bling!  Top of the stairs are shops and some restaurants but also places to sit and just hang out.  Nice touch.
Only wonderful things to report about my stay at the Cosmopolitan! Everything about the experience was top notch. We paid $140 for a Terrace One Bedroom on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, which I thought was a phenomenal value. While we didn't get a view of the Bellagio fountain, the Vegas skyline isn't too shabby either. :-). . The details are really what make this place shine. From the get-go, I was lulled by easy parking, beautiful murals in the parking garage, sleek elevator screens, and the most gorgeous lobbies you'll ever see. A good example of a small detail that makes a big difference was the fast and attentive check-in. Rather than stand behind the desk and wave you over-- totally expected & okay, but don't you always feel a little like sheep being herded?-- the attendants actually come over to where you're waiting in line and walk you back, welcome and chatty. They're genuinely friendly, wear these smart grey tailored suits, and set you on your way. Captures my whole stay!. . The layout of the room was just as well thought-out and delightful, from the funny/inspirational/kinky books laid out around the room, to the 'Hello'/'Goodbye' buttons by the door that turn on/off all the lights, to the TV where you can play music, explore amenities, and check out when your stay is done. The bathroom and the "Japanese soaking tub" in my room was gorgeous... have you ever sat in a gleaming tub with a drink in your hand, looking at Strip lights from the 58th floor? It'll happen here. Fluffy down comforter and pillows, delightful robes, plenty of space... I think there was a dishwasher? All the amenities except a coffee machine, but there's a Starbucks in every casino.. . I could go on, but I'd love for you to discover more details on your own. The hotel is stunning with a young, modern aesthetic that I found invigorating, especially after the excessive theming of most of the Vegas casino resorts. It's definitely high-end, but still feels welcoming. I would love to return, maybe order breakfast to have on the terrace, or check out the clubs and shops in the hotel. Great location in the heart of the Strip, a stone's throw away from the Bellagio, Caesars, the mall at Miracle Mile, and more.. . P.S. I would highly recommend 'Secret Pizza' on the third floor for your late-night cravings; delicious, greasy New York slices with just the right amount of exclusivity to keep all you Yelpers feeling special. :P
I've been to cosmo and its clubs a few times this year but actually stayed here for the first time a few weeks ago!. . It's VERY pretty and VERY extravagant.  i don't think any expenses were spared in making the cosmopolitan and you tell. the lobby area has really cool flat screen digital things that change wall paper and tons of mirrors to keep you entertained when waiting to check in (which took forever). i don't gamble but i think the casino area is really big because it takes forever to walk from the east to west side elevators! . . rooms are nice too! contemporary furniture, lots of mirrors, and pretty big bathrooms. if you want a view of the bellagio fountains, you wanna request the east tower but the west tower is closer tovalet and lobby. if you are coming with a group, you DEF need to request the same tower because it's SUPER confusing to go from tower to tower!. . lots of places to eat and grab snacks at cosmo too! marquee day and nightclub get it's own review but very convenient how "one of the hottest clubs" in vegas is right downstairs :). . great location, gorgeous property and really enjoyed my stay.
Gorgeous casino with interesting artwork and glamorous shops.  I come here for the wicked spoon buffet, marquee (the hottest club in vegas), and holsteins.  . . The walk to the buffet is always fun, and make sure you take the time to see what "hidden" spots that yelp can direct you to.
Best hotel in Vegas.  I've been to Vegas at least 25x and never had such a great time.  We got an upgrade which made a huge difference.  Flo, front desk, was a big help.   Restaurants are pricey but good.  We Will go back.
Beautiful Hotel/Casino. Ambiance is great and customer service is superb.
This hotel is the most beautiful, modern hotel on the strip. The lobby is just gorgeous, and all the restaurants and shops are top quality. I had tapas, great burgers at the sports bar, and really awesome food. I heard only the best about the Wicked buffet, but sadly did not partake. . . You cannot beat its location by the Bellagio - so convenient. . . The rooms are fantastic - mini kitchen with microwave, mini fridge, and nice in-room amenities. Beds are huge and comfy, and there were two TVs in my room. The bathroom is beautiful - big huge tub with jets, wallpaper in bathroom makes you feel like you're tripping on acid, and a huge glass shower with good quality C.O. Bigelow shampoo/conditioner and awesome shower head. There's even a weighing scale.... . The casino is very snazzy, and all of the tables are in the $$$ range, so go to Casino Royale or downtown to the Western Casino if you're looking to make your money last a long time ($1 craps, baby!).. . Usually, there's internet in the hotel, but we happened to visit during a hotel-wide outage of phones, cable, and internet. Why did I still give a 5 star rating? Well, aside from being a generally reasonable consumer, I GOT MY $200 ROOM COMPED FOR THE WHOLE TIME. You can't beat that kind of service. I didn't have to twist arms or anything. . . Cosmo has the best service, and it's a breathtaking hotel.
Lots a hot Asian chicks there
I cannot say enough about this amazing hotel. Everything from the decor to the night life is simply superb. I must say, a major plus about this hotel is the view of the strip. I believe almost every room has a balcony, which was fantastic. . . Upon our arrival we upgraded our room. Totally worth it as it was out of this world. The bathroom was extremely spacious with his and her sinks + we even had an additional bathroom near the front door by the kitchen. The TV did everything from ordering room service to check out. The telephone alsocontrolled climate, lighting, etc., how cool is that? . . Enough about the room... I couldn't stop taking photos of the awesome contemporary decor and digi boards. Apparently the digital boards are award-winning - they were gorgeous, definitely something you'll have to check out in person if you are ever in Vegas. You see them mostly in the main lobby and inside the elevators. . . As for customer service and the casino definitely 4+ star in my book. VIP guest services took great care of us Saturday night when we ventured to Marquee nightclub. This is a must! Most amazing venue - if only we were there for Kaskade (dj). We were there celebrating a birthday and Marquee made it a night we won't ever forget. . . Oh, if you want a late night bite find the secret pizza place in Cosmo. Delish.
My favorite hotel in Vegas.  Classy upscale place.  Great customer service all around and has the best electronic dance club in the country in my opinion.. . great restaurants, very pricey, but if you can afford it...I would recommend it.. . younger crowd as well which is a huge plus
Quick update to say, "Damn, this place just keeps getting better.". . Hot Mules at Vespers Bar (Moscow Mule but with pear-infused vodka and a few other variations). Employees throughout who are actually helpful,  mixologists who are gods, and wizards in the back who hand-craft every mix used in every drink.. . Add a playful vibe throughout (aka just the right amount of wrong) and you truly have the best place on Strip.. . PS. That chocolate terra cotta warrior dessert.....uh, my god.
Costing nearly 4 billion dollars to build.  The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas has definitely upped the ante with its uber fashion-chic groove and even groovier clientele.  I finally had the opportunity recently to experience this hotel as a bona fide guest.  Super upgrade considering I was shacking up at the Excalibur this past summer.  I guess it really depends how you hit things.  Found an outrageous flight/transfer/hotel package that included staying here for a song.. . Reason returning was my birthday weekend.  Last year I was finishing the HNL Marathon, so this year, I decided to treat myself and stay here.  Check in was fine after somewhat of a line.  I pre-planned to use my $20 sandwich-trick that worked at getting me an upgrade at Excalibur.  Unfortunately, my French-speaking receptionist didn't take my money.  Instead she upgraded me even higher than I expected to a Terrace One Bedroom, giving me back my $20.  How glorious!. . The room was amaze-balls!  Probably one of the nicest rooms we have ever had.  Just huge with a living room, kitchenette, shower suite complete with a furo style soaking tub that had a priceless view facing Aria and the lighted Pyramid of Luxor.  All this with a King size bed and a private terrace with lounge chair.  We loved the bedside phone that controlled the room's temperature and lights (oooh, aaahhh).  The shower was a case in point.  I could have spent my entire stay there, just getting drenched and relaxing.  You could literally fill this shower suite with 10 people easy (okay, get your mind out of the gutter).  Just saying, huge-o-rama.. . I know a room's just a room and people say you're hardly spending time there.  Well, these peeps aren't staying at the Cosmopolitan.  Returning each night felt like a swell of pride and privilege as I inserted my room card into the elevators and ascending to the 57th floor.  Yes, I'm too sexy and don't you forget it.. . If you want more peace and quiet and don't want to be disturbed by the Marquee nightclub, best to request a super high floor in the West Tower.  Perfectly quiet nights and uninterrupted sleepy dreams.  Also, they don't charge resort fees, but do charge if you want to use their gym.  I always have the intention of doing good and working out while on vacation and that's usually what it ends up being, an intention.  I think it would set you back $20/day.  That's a very nice cocktail even by Vegas standards.. . Don't miss the video pillars at reception showcasing a variety of scenes that dramatically alter the mood around it.  My favorite was the rather racy scenes of a nude couple flaunting their assets and tantalizing those pretending not to notice.  Ooh La La!  So I raise my friends' Cosmo to toast the Cosmopolitan and all it's modern finery.  . . "All the modern things . Have always existed . They've just been waiting . To come out . And multiply . And take over . It's their turn now... "} Bjork
By far the best hotel on the strip. . . The rooms are great. I stayed in a one bedroom suite with a view of the fountains. The view is definitely worth the extra money. It was amazing. We were able to see the fountains from our room, we didn't even have to go outside on the balcony. The room i stayed in came with a mini fridge, that was empty, so I was able to put my alcohol in there rather than having to put it in an ice bucket.  . . Another plus about this hotel is the customer service. The staff is amazing and the dealers at the tables are awesome! I love gambling here because the dealers are super talkative and always help me out on my basic strategy at the black jack tables. . . You honestly don't even need to leave the hotel. The gambling here is great, they have the hottest club in Vegas right, and some of the best restaurants. . . This hotel is definitely worth the extra money. The location is great - you can walk over to the city center or you can walk the other way towards the Bellagio and Caesars.
Wow. and I'll say it again. Wow. I felt like such a grown-up staying at this hotel but I mean that in the best possible way. The Cosmo has it going on when it comes to great service and minding all the details! The casino located on the main floor is sprawling with a nice variety of games. They do make an effort to keep the riff raff out which is nice.  The 2nd floor has all the stores which are the typical hotel-boutiquey stores. There are very unique stores tho which was a nice change. The third floor is where all the restaurants are and if you are good at exploring, you'll find the Secret Pizza place! :) The Wicked Spoon buffet is one of the most amazing buffets I've ever been to. . . Now for the rooms. Our room was so posh and beautiful. Lush fabrics, super soft pillows, a fabulous sitting area, and jets in the bath tub. A-Maz-Ing! We had a beautiful view of the strip from our room and my favorite part was how quiet it was at night. It was a busy weekend in Vegas but you'd never know with the quality of the noise reducing walls and doors! . . The staff was so friendly and genuinely nice. Such a nice change from other Vegas hotels where the staff barely looks at you. They truly made you feel at home in the hotel and no request was too big. . . I can't wait to go back to the Cosmo. Hell, I'd move in if I could!
This place is unique!. . The Cosmopolitian is recognized as part of the Autograph Collection with Marriott so I received an upgrade to a one bedroom, living room, wet bar, Japanese soaking tub and large walk in shower. Views from the outdoor balcony were incredible and overlooked the strip and water show at Bellagio. In addition I received complimentary brunch each morning at the Wicked Spoon and automatically received late check out of 2:00 pm. . The room itself was tricked out electronically. I could control everything from my digital displayed phone - temperature of the room, set the alarm to wake up to TV or music and even control the lights. Super cool.. . I was pleasantly surprised how convenient it was to get to my room from valet and the same when picking up my car. Just scan your valet ticket downstairs and within minutes your car it brought out!  . . As for dinning I checked out the Wicked Spoon Brunch (great bloody Mary's) and dined at Estiatorio Milos for lunch. I was impressed with both restaurants. The Chandelier bar is also a great place hang out, people watch and enjoy a cigar. . . I'm not really a gambler but I set up my identity account and even made a little money at the slots - Yes!. . Service overall was friendly and attentive - even while checking out the gentleman at the front desk shook my hand before I departed.   . . I'm looking forward to staying here again in the future.
Where do I begin with how beautiful and shiny this hotel is?. . From the shuttle ride in, we approach COSMOPOLITAN, in big shiny letters, across the wall of the main entrance outside the hotel lobby. When we get out, we are approached by bellmen inquiring if we need help with our bags, we decline and continue in. Take a breath, we are inside The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. OMG. Ever changing displays on the pillars of the hotel lobby. What a way to welcome guests such as ourselves. . . Checking in was a breeze. Barely a wait, could be because it was during off season, but it was fine by me. The deal I booked apparently came with $75. resort credit and by coincidence, we were offered the Eastside Tower upgrade for additional $25. a night. Yes please, I already knew what the Eastside was about. And it basically paid for itself with the resort credit. Wonderful. So far oh so good. . . Since the hotel lobby is in the very back of the hotel, we walked to the front or strip side to the Eastside Tower elevators. Pass The Chandelier bar and all that hanging string of shininess. Love the decor, stylish ceiling tiles, interesting artwork and upholstered elevator walls. Mirrors everywhere so you can check yourself and make sure you are looking just as good as this hotel. Secured access to the rooms as you need to insert your room key in order to push your floor button. 50 was our lucky number. . . We look at each other, know its the right moment. Wow. This is really happening. Door opens, he hears nothing but OMG, OMG, OMG as I walk through our terrace studio, admiring every inch of this place. Full length mirror adorned on the sliding bathroom door. Big jetted tub, perfect for my nightly bubble baths. Oh and its normal for the jets to turn on by itself after use. Huge shower for two or maybe four. My fav, dual vanity sinks. Comfy living area with interesting books on the table. Cool, the would be area rug is like a built in. Interesting wallpaper everywhere. Desk with leather drawers. Kitchenette with a freezer that actually works and a microwave. King size bed with down pillows and a cute storage chest in front of it. Closet with two luggage stands, no need to flip a coin. And censored so in case you leave the door open, the lights automatically turn off within a few minutes and back on if you move near it. Cute desk and mini chair, perfect for my purse and miscellaneous belongings. Flat screen TV's in the bed and living area, and you can control room settings from it too. And a touch screen phone. . . The main reason I was so excited, the balcony. Now I know people think, "why would anyone need a balcony if they're not gonna stay in the room for much of the day". Well, its just nice to have one. And if yours happens to face the Bellagio fountains and the rest of the strip, you will understand. Believe me, this was by far the best view from any hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas. There is also a little sitting area and table, perfect for late night cocktails or early morning breakfast. If it wasn't so cold, we'd have eaten our room service breakfast on the balcony. Yes, there's that much space out there.. . Convenience. This hotel was just so convenient. If you do stay in the Eastside Tower, it is so conveniently located near the doors exiting onto the strip. Perfect for those long walks from the Wynn back to our home we called Cosmopolitan for 4 days. Food options everywhere. . . Do I need to say more? If you're not convinced that this is the place to stay, I don't know what more to say. This is my new favorite hotel on the strip and I can't wait to go back. I feel the same about you Cosmopolitan, I am me after all.
Absolutely impressed.. . First class service from check-in to check-out.  Their Wicked Spoon Buffet was GREAT and had lots of healthy to not-so-much healthy food, but the selection and quality was AMAZING.  Well worth every dollar spent.. . Rooms were nice, but not grand like at the Venetian.  Views were great!!  We were able to see the strip, and maybe next time we are here we will get a view of the water-show at the Bellagio.  . . Shopping options were amazing and fun.  Parking was convenient, safe, and really high-tech touches with the colors to tell you if a spot was open or not from a distance.  My vote:  GO COSMOPOLITAN!  . . AWESOME TIME.
Clearly I'm the type of person who likes shiny things.  Stuff that sparkles is a big plus too.  This tower has all that and more!. . On our way down The Strip my boyfriend and I decided to walk through here since it was raining.  I actually didn't even realize it was a casino because I hadn't received any offers to play here.  Well, it is a casino and the reason I wasn't notified is because it's independently owned and not part of the other clubs where I'm a member (i.e. M Life).. . That didn't last very long because I'm a member now.  They had some great offers to sign up including one where they gave you $100 after you lost $100 on slots.  Coincidentally, I had just won $100 next door at Aria... and no, I didn't lose it here. I decided to make the low risk choice of providing my email address for $10 in free play.. . It was a good decision because we ended up getting some decent play out of it. My only complaint (and I didn't even take a star off) was that the drink ladies never came by to offer beverages.  We weren't even in a drinking mood, but some water would have been lovely.  We even told the attendant who signed me up for their club that we wanted some water.  She said she'd send someone, but no one ever came.
I haven't had the pleasure of staying here but I stop by to have a drink every time I'm in town. I prefer visiting the lounges rather than going to Marquee because their playlist is mostly techno and techno gives me a headache. This is easily one of the most beautiful hotels in Las Vegas. You gotta check it out!
this review is just for the casino, staff, and overall part of the cosmo.  ill update it when i stay here in a couple months to talk about the rooms, but for now lets talk about what i know there. . staff:. - probably some of the nicest and most helpful employees i have had the pleasure to deal with.  . - the cocktail waitresses are really nice, come often, and bring your drinks fast which to me is a big plus, and the drinks aren't as watered down as at most other casinos.. - the employees at the identity membership desk are also very helpful with questions and getting all your player card stuff settled. - the people who are at the identity spin wheel are very cool and like joking around with you while you are spinning the wheel. - buffet staff is really nice and keeps up with drinks/plates/anything you need. - the nightclub staff is really cool.  we have only had 1 problem with the staff and that was a friends fault for walking into line with a bud light tall boy and then giving the bouncer crap for not letting us in so i don't really consider that part of the staff being hard ass or anything, just a friend being stupid. . casino:. - really nice and new with lot of options for machines.  tables seem to be a little lacking, but i don't really play tables all too often, or gamble all too often either, i just sit with my friends who do gamble so i can get free drinks. - the casino overall smells pretty good (not like old cigarette) and you hardly smell cigarette as their  ventilation is really good. . overall, it is a really fun place to go into, and i am hoping after i stay here i can give the rooms and that experience a 5 star review
The Cosmo is a super modernized, luxurious hotel that I would definitely want to stay again at my next Vegas trip! . . * The City Room I stayed at was very spacious, I stayed there with 8 other girls and there probably was enough room for 10 more. Don't let the photos online fool you! It honestly was 10 times larger than I thought it would be. * View is great! Depending on what floor you are staying on of course. * At least 5 different large mirrors in these rooms which makes it very easy for people (especially girls) to get ready without hassle and crowding. * The bathrooms are super nice, highly modernized, the doors are made with frosted glass and the shower room is very spacious with a glass door. Only con is that there is a large window right next to the shower and the curtains are outside so if people wanted they can just pull it up and see you naked!. . Besides the hotel rooms, the whole venue is gorgeous! The way it was built, and all the decorations and interior designing is very appealing and high tech. Loved it!!
My favorite place! Our room was a Terrace suite overlooking the Bellagio water show. This room is amazing. Lots of amenities. Two big flat screens, all down bed, refrig, microwave, even a dishwasher, living room; the list goes on! Our balcony view was beautiful. I sat out there and watched water show after water show and all of the crazy lined up traffic on the strip. You can see the top of all the hotels. Pretty cool.. You have to try Wicked Spoon Buffet. I think, by far, it's the best one!! Literally, everything I tried was gourmet. Tasted like the chef made it just for me. And my favorites were the custom mac n cheese station and of course the Gelato!. Customer service was great too. Every bartender was friendly, hotel registration, buffet staff, and players club. . 5 stars all the way! I want to stay here every visit!!
Just got back from a beautiful stay at the Cosmoplitan Hotel...I have only dined there before at the STK steak house and really enjoy the atmosphere there... The Room was beautiful and service was top notch... I plan on booking there again next week for 4 days.. Well worth the money..
Even though most fancy places make this jorts-wearing, beer-drinking girl slightly uncomfortable, The Cosmopolitan is one of my favorite places to grab a cocktail in Las Vegas. I've never gotten dressed up and really done a "night on the town" here, but it's still really fun for a quick trip inside.. . As many have mentioned, the casino itself is beautiful. Even a ride up and down the escalator is made more exciting with the chandeliers and excellent people watching. My personal favorite? The girls wearing short, sequined club attire who are yanking their hemlines down every few seconds and teeter-tottering around in clunky uncomfortable-looking platform pumps. Thanks, Forever21. . . I've eaten at two of the restaurants within the property, Milo's and D.O.C.G., both were excellent and not too terribly pricey, considering you're on prime Vegas property. Have experienced one of the bars, Vesper (I think?) and have even wandered up to the pool on the roof for a summertime concert. What I have not experienced yet (and probably won't anytime soon) is Marquee nightclub. As a 30-year-old who hasn't worn high heels in at least 6 months, I have to draw the line somewhere. Plus, me and Kim Kardashian don't have much in common; therefore, we shouldn't be hanging at the same places.. . If you're going to "do Vegas" and do it right, come to the Cosmo. It's everything the billboards and magazine ads claim it to be, and what most tourists come to Vegas to experience. Whether you're coming for a bachelor/bachelorette party, birthday celebration, or just want a unique getaway, this is the place!
This place is sooooo nice. Trendy, hip, classy, stylish. A lot things here tend to sparkle.
The Cosmopolitan was our chic home-base for 4 days in Vegas and while it does have some kinks, the overall experience was more than fine. It's truly a catchall for a whole lot of awesome in a city that competes mercilessly for ... awesomeness.. . From the moment our taxi pulled into the hotel foyer and we saw the bright metallic letters spelling out "COSMOPOLITAN", we knew we were in for an experience. The check-in line was surprisingly long at 10 pm but it gave us time to appreciate the video walls which went from a seductive/erie nude bodies (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=XR5hVPlUDaQpb9HnDzKkBw) to a quaint snow-falling-on pine-trees (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=J_p8u3M3CCBk__xicevYrA) scene. . . Our room was amazing. We reserved a studio with terrace and got upgraded to a one bedroom (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=AClkDbeYB9xOCSsDLF6JjA) and wow we got quite a bit of room. We had voyeuristic views of the strip from our terrace; directly across from Planet Hollywood and excellent views of Paris (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=xlK08NLRS3gD7r59e-OENQ) and much else on the Strip. The bed was really comfortable and the soaking tub (with views of the strip of course) served as a nice getaway from Vegas before doing it all over again. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=Ltrv_BZDE-ec598EU6Hv6w). . The casino is nice and never got too smokey. The drink ladies were also frequently on top of their game which was nice. While I lost money here, I still had a good time... which might have been a byproduct of the drink ladies being on top of their game.  . . Now on to the little kinks and they really are just minor. As great as the cosmopolitan is, it can get douchey quick. I think it's the influence of the Marquee nightclub. Seriously... prior to this trip, I thought "Snooki" was a Halloween costume, not a full-time look. And Express should probably open an outlet here because there was a lot of striped, big collar, action going on. . . Room service was average. Maybe it was the last day but food just didn't seem to taste good. I has an egg white fritatta and thought it was overdone - the chicken was overcooked and I had bits of the ends of asparagus that really should have been thrown out. The bloody Mary was good though. Again, minor kink because The Cosmopolitan offers up so many great dining options within its walls. . . For a different, non-themed (unless you consider Jersey Shore a theme), modern take on a Vegas getaway, The Cosmopolitan is a sophisticated alternative to the in-your-face experience found most everywhere on the strip.
Best hotel I've ever stayed in and probably ever will. From the shiny letters spelling out "Cosmopolitan" when you pull up, to the decorative TV screens covering the columns - everything is done right. I even love the smell of it when you walk in. Staying there lets you live the life you've always dreamed of for a few days, and allows you to forget that you live in a rundown apartment and ride a bike to work. If you are going to Vegas don't event consider staying anywhere else...trust me...you won't be disappointed.
Hands down the best hotel experience I've ever had.  We spent a week here between Xmas and New Years and despite the busy week, the service was top notch all the time.  Our three visits to the front desk were all met with above and beyond level customer service.  My favorite was when we checked out at 7 am on New Years Day there was a stuporous drunk wandering around the lobby and leaning on our checkout agents desk.  Watching her manage him with courtesy and kindness was like watching Michelangelo at work!. . The lobby and public areas are drop dead gorgeous. After reading some reviews, we asked for a quiet room and were put on a ;high floor  in the West (Back) Tower.  The room was totally quiet and we were never bothered by music or crowd noise.  We slept with the balcony door open on New Years Eve and even that wasn't noisy.  . . Our room was amazing, with a sitting area, changing area and bedroom.  Also, the most amazing bathroom ever.  The huge tub with a picture window overlooking the strip was fun, also the enormous shower that peeked thru to the bedroom.  (Blinds provided for the shy).  In addition, we took plenty advantage of the balcony. Enjoyed the view of Bellagio Fountains and northwards down the strip, Eiffel Tower right across.  We could see 5 fireworks displays at midnight on NYE!. . We loved the bars, restaurants, shops and casino throughout the hotel.  Great, Great, Great Hotel.  We are already plotting our next trip!
Just had a great time here. Got upgraded for no fee to a mini-suite high up. Hotel is fresh and has everything you need, including a great parking garage just an elevator down from your room.
I've been to Vegas enough and stayed up and down and away from the strip.  This is the first Hotel I've actually stayed at and played at the whole time.  I venture off to the strip but always head back to Cosmo.  Party, Gamble, Drink and Eat.
I stayed here in early December, I was very impressed with this hotel!  This is definitely a very high end hotel.  The only other hotels I've ever stayed at on the strip before this were Luxor, and Excalibur.  It blew those out of the water.  I stayed in a studio room with a balcony, we had a nice view of city center from the 39th floor amazing!  All the bars in this hotel are great!  My personal favorite was vesper bar, it was a little more quiet then the rest and had great seating!  If you have never stayed at a hotel this nice before it takes a little getting used to having people waiting on you everywhere.  I was not used to having doors opened for me and my bags carried for me, everyone was really friendly though.  The only thing about that though washaving the make sure I had money to tip people all the time.  I've noticed a lot of bad input on the house keeping, but I thought it was great my room was cleaned everyday and fresh towels and soap were always restocked.  If you have been to Vegas and stayed at some of the lower end hotels before I would recommend this hotel for sure.  Great service, beautiful surroundings, awesome rooms, you really can't go wrong with The Cosmopolitan!
Booked the Terrace Suite, 51st floor in the West Tower overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  Check-in was a breeze at 1 in the afternoon.  Hotel was clean and organized.  Room was comfy and awesome with great views day and night.  Loved the night life options within the hotel as well as the many restaurants.  Staff was always friendly and knowledgeable.  Will stay here again.
The nicest hotel I have ever seen. I have stayed at a lot of Vegas hotels and the cosmo has to be my fav. . . We had an EPIC view from room (see pictures section) and I just LOVED layout and style of the room!
It's an experience to stay here.  It's a must try once in your life.  Superb customer service where the hotel clerk walked up to me and shook my hand like I was some high roller, the elevator that requires a key card instead of having a security guy stand in front of the elevator, the weather on the phone, TV that does everything including controlling the climate in the room, all the dimming lights, parking lot that lights up green when it's open, Japanese tub, the balcony chair, and on and on.. . It's a very futuristic hotel.  It's expensive, but it's a must try!
Stayed here on NYE 2012. Nice big room, nice balcony view, very good decor and friendly staff.. . I got a West Tower South Facing View (wasn't the best but still nice for NYE) 45th floor with Balcony View of the Strip, I heard nothing from the club. Room was very nice, room included small fridge and micowave (no left over trash if anyone is wondering). When we requested for Towels, someone came in under an hour and she gave us a big bar of very nice salted chocolates.. . I enjoyed the touch screen phone which controlled the lights and music playing sirius radio through both TVs.. . Overall enjoyed theexperience but everyone in my room who had AT&T phones, did not get any service. This made NYE a big headache and people kept getting lost and couldnt call anyone(my Sprint Iphone worked fine).
My review is biased since I'm platinum =). . I took out a suite here for the weekend, and I must say, I was rather impressed with everything. Room was definitely unique and there's just so much random crap in the room that it made me laugh. Fridge items are weight-sensored so be aware of that when checking out. Bed is surprisingly comfortable. If possible, try to stay in the west tower with a view of the Bellagio fountains...it's well worth it.. . Service was top notch. I was treated like royalty. It was a busy weekend, so some things did slip by and I had to call down to the front desk to make requests more than once on a couple occasions. . . Yes, they do charge for wifi, but there's a free access "community" password if you want to use it ;). . For my Marriott platinum friends: free wifi, free roll away bed request, +500 Marriott points arrival gift
Having been here a handful of times for drinks, gambling, dining, and night life, I have to say that the Cosmo is seriously the epitome of Las Vegas dreamin'.. . From the gorgeous Chandelier that takes up several stories and the open spaces of each floor, home to the hottest club in Vegas that is also multi-level with varying music choices (House vs Rap/Hip Hop depending on what floor you are on), boutique & select shopping and endless dining options, this hotel will please and impress anyone.. . If you're looking to stay at the most hip and gorgeously glam hotel on the strip that will offer everything you need (clubbing, food, gambling, shopping - close to Crystals Mall), this is the place for you.. . Side Note- The rooms are nice and many offer a view of the Bellagio's water fountain show. However, the smallest suites are actually some of the smallest I've come across in Vegas.
Great great hotel. Nicest room! Plus they allow pets! Will be back soon
The best one word I would use to describe the Cosmopolitan is "glamorous".  The casino decorations are beautiful and make one feel like they are attending a high end party.
Take a step into the future. Take a breathe of avant garde. Dream with lights and sweet delights. This place is amazing. It's what I imagine all Vegas hotel/casinos should be like. HIP and HOP with super trendy deco. Love love love their chandelier bar. It's a great place to take pictures! . . This was also my favorite place to park the car and go walk around the strip. The parking structure is super hi-tech. They have LED lights on top of every spot that senses cars. Red for taken and Green for free. Soall you got to do is look up for a green light. Genius!! It's also freaking hot in this structure. Nice in the winter but torture in the summer. . . This
Classy place from top to bottom. . Got free night at this hotel due to my Marriott Rewards points and decided to use it before it expires.  It costs 70,000 points for one night and i have to pay for the differential, which came out to be $250 for the whole stay, still not bad.. . Arrived into the Valet and they quickly took my car and helped me unload with Bell Hops.  The line to check in was kind of a wait, but what Hotel isn't on Vegas on a Friday Night?  The check-in staff here is pretty awesome, they walk up to you and shake your hand?  Pretty class stuff.  The guy was personable and gave some good tips on how to make the most of my Vegas trip, and he upgraded us to a better section of the hotel away from the noise.  I tipped the guy for his service.. . Got to the One Bedroom suite on the 31st floor overlooking the pool and Aria, it was awesome to say the least, very upscale and sparkling new.  Dumped our jackets and was literally about to walk out the door when the Bell hop knocks with our luggages, they were johnnies on the spot with it.  Usually Bell Hops take a minimum of 30 minutes to get your luggages to your room, scored another point.. . It was around 11pm and we were starving, hence the rush from our room.  The Bell Hop recommended Holsteins, a chic Burger joint downstairs and we thought we'd give it a try.  The Burgers were legit and they even had a live dj in the restaurant.  The only bad part of the restaurant is that it was a little too loud, I dont enjoy having to shout to my gf asking how's her burger.  Other than that, well recommended restaurant.. . Played at the only two Pai-Gow tables in the whole casino and minimums were $50, so i decide why not.  The GF looked bored while i was gambling away so I put a $50 down on the spot she was sitting on, the dealer said you can't have another person play for you while you have an active hand, but the dealer said , "alright, just one hand." So she picked up her hand and said.....slowly pulls out four 5's! She landed a four of a kind on her first hand and everybody around us just went NUTS.  I was high fiving the dealer and his pit boss came over and ask whats going on, I think the dealer regrets making the one time exception.  I still tipped him out to ease the pain of getting bitched out by the boss.   Talk about beginners luck.. . Later that night when we tried sleeping, its true you can definitely hear the club music banging away even on the 31st floor.  But im a heavy sleeper and i play music when i sleep so it was a plus for me.  The rooms had a bubble bath, with no bubbles provided (bring your own, i guess), which is rare for a Vegas hotel.. . Closing Statements: You should definitely stay here at least once, its the hot spot in Vegas, at least for the time being.  One side note, you do not accumulate Hotel points at any of the restaurants like you usually do at other Marriott properties, just an FYI. I walked away up $200 bucks, requested late check out at 12pm ( the front desk staff didn't give me a hard time, they just easily extended the checkout like THAT when i called at 4am in the morning).  We did express check out in our room and bypassed the 30 minute wait.  We will come back here again once our schedule permits.
The awesomeness of the Cosmopolitan hotel/casino/restaurant complex is hard to beat. This is Vegas baby! Elevators are super-fast and I approve. Rooms are nice and clean. What's up with the clear window in front of the shower so the rest of the room can see you in there?! Luckily there were curtains to pull. I spent three nights at the Cosmopolitan and didn't have to sleep much at all. The oxygen downstairs makes you not sleepy and you can work all day after any crazy night of Vegasness. I hung out by the Bamboo pool and it was great even though the pool was closed. Cosmopolitan is the newest and freshest addition to the strip. I'm definitely coming back. Marquee is right there and with all the great restaurants you never have to leave. Only if you get the urge to see what "old Vegas" has to offer...
Let me begin by saying THANK YOU! to Cosmopolitan Management for reactivating the elevators to get directly from the self-parking garage to the dining / shopping / club floors. Much to the delight of all the local Cosmo regulars. :). . ROOMS: If you're considering lodging at the Cosmo. I can only give my highest recommendation. I've been in a few of the Cosmo rooms and they are nothing below 5 stars. They're modern, extra clean, with cool technology. Thinking of having a party? We had quite a few people in our room, played music and security never got called! That means sound-proofing is A OK.. . DINING: Cosmo has such a unique food offering. The only cheap eat is the Secret Pizza Place. Everything else is Casual-Fine Dining. I'll be making my way around to all different restaurants, but as far as I'm concerned they're all pretty good!. . SHOPPING: Off-beat stores you can't find anywhere else. Home to the only KidRobot store in Vegas. LOVE!. . CLUB: Marquee. Enough Said. :) Check out my review on the best nightclub in Vegas.. . For locals, Cosmo gives you the staycation experience. When you drive in to valet, you feel like a hotshot. The decor is ultra-luxurious and really something you can't find anywhere else in Vegas. For visitors, its a must-see.
Was treated like royalty when I stayed here last June for EDC. We had a WRAPAROUND Terrace Suite and it was EPIC. My friends and I will be booking our rooms for this June sometime soon. Won't stay anywhere else in Vegas.....
This is definitely the place to be in Vegas right now. The crowds seemed younger and always dressed to impress.. . Originally we were booked to stay in the Terrace Suite. However, when I checked in, the nice front desk woman offered an upgrade to the Wraparound for only $45 more per night (originally $200 more per night online). She also let me in on a little tip; when checking into a hotel, it's almost always better to book the less expensive room and then ask for the upgrade at check-in. It makes sense cause they probably just want to fill their rooms, assuming they're not completely booked. I'll have to test out this theory at my next hotel stay.. . The most unique part about The Cosmo is they have balconies for a lot of their rooms. In the wraparound, the balcony literally wraps all the way around the two external facing sides of the room (imagine that!). Being on the 63rd floor we had an amazing view of the strip and could spend time out there on the two sofa seats. The room itself was very spacious and luxurious. Kitchen, great king bed, 2 showers and even a laundry area.. . Also be sure to visit the Marquee club one night and then the "Secret Pizzeria" for your drunken nourishment.
Retna, Shepard Fairy, Kenny Scharf & Shinique Smith for parking garage art? True street art in a Las Vegas parking garage? YES. This is just one of the many reasons why the Cosmopolitan is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!. . More reasons as to why I love this hotel so much.. I've stayed here a couple of times and I absolutely am in love with their choice of decor and architecture. Rooms are spacious and absolutely beautiful. They definitely have the best view on the strip!. . The casino has nothing but good vibes, which is why I also enjoy gambling there. Other than that, I enjoy their Book & Stage area. FREE concerts! Every so often, they have an upcoming artist to perform and I love that I was able to Goapele here last November. Also, check out the Boulevard Pool! Cool venue to hang out or watch a concert. Definitely felt an intimate sort of vibe with the artist even though it's an open space.. . Secret Pizza Place, Bridge to the Crystal Shops, Marquee Night/Day Club.. I can go on forever! All in all, I definitely have to hand it to the Cosmo, this is by far my favorite hotel EVER!
Before my trip, I read some reviews and saw a number of negative ones and I was concerned about staying there. Now that I am back, I really loved this hotel. Everyone who worked there was great....so friendly and helpful. We had a beautiful room. The hotel is in a great location. We walked all over...to the Bellagio and Mirage. Paris is right across the street. I loved having a balcony and the view was great. . . The dealers were very friendly and the decor of the lobby was beautiful with all the crystals.. I will definetely go back there. Just really loved it.....
I have stayed at most of the nicer casinos on the strip and this is by far my favorite. As you walk into the lobby you will notice right away at the high tech nature of this casino. The 8 or so 15ft pillars play video and digital images. If you are on the right kind of drugs this would occupy a ton of your time. . . When you check in once again the high tech casino is on display. LCD screens with hotel info and doubles as your check in signature. I was able to get a balcony room (yes a balcony, not many of these on the strip). The room is controlled from the lcd phone. You can control climate, lights, music etc. . . The casino was very cool. Nice size, not too large and had plenty of table and machine games. The restaurants were a little spread out, but the selection was wide. . . Make sure you go to see the chandelier and the bars that are draped by them. I will be staying at The Cosmopolitan from now on. My choice on the strip. Sorry Wynn.
Okay my first review was really harsh. However, there was a major change in my viewpoint  as there was a huge shift in stars. This place is no good as a casino and has zero Vegas Old School Gambling coolness; however as a hang out, it ROCKS! I have been hitting this place as a newly single guy and I love it here. The place is nuts in the bars and clubs so I am a fan now. . . Champagne Bar is really slick and is a big time meet and greet for singles place. Its the biggest bar in the place outside, of the clubs but very cool and broken up into different areas for chilling with friends or a date. Its not too meat marketish that women fear going in alone, but more fun and a great place to hang.. . The other bars scattered around the casino are also great places to just chill and have a drink. Meeting people from everywhere and the young hipsters are more than interesting to watch. I seriously enjoy just sitting at the bar meeting and greeting people coming and going.. . As for the shops and such, its top notch. Stitch is really slick and the owners there are very cool. its not for the faint of heart suit pretty much starts at $1,500 but its really a cool place to check out. . . So.. I stand corrected sort of.. the casino is still not Vegas, but the singles action is top notch! Enjoy and stop by the bar and we will chat!
Beautiful hotel, the decor, the rooms, the bars (hello chandelier bar!)......excellent service, fast check in and check out over a very busy Superbowl weekend.  The restaurants are insanely good, nice shops, and can't wait to go back during pool season.
My current favorite hotel in Vegas. Love the rooms, love the decor, love the amenities, love the service!
AM-A-ZING! Probably my favorite hotel in Las Vegas!! The hotel itself is so glamorous with the shiny chandelier throughout the hotel and sophisticated atmosphere! It has a classy look to it! What's great about this place is that it not only attracts businessmen/women but it also attracts a sophisticated young hip crowd. It's not trashy! .   The rooms! wow... amazing view!! You get to see the Bellagio water show straight from your balcony- which speaking of, is another great asset to this hotel- The bath tub is also a mini-Jacuzzi so you can sit and relax after an exhausting night. The hotel rooms were clean and did not smell and everything was just right!. . Just a quick tip- DO NOT CUSS if you are at the casino tables, they do have very sensitive workers there that do get very offended ( not to say that I was the one using foul language, but many were threatened to get kicked out)
everything about this hotel is 5-stars in my book. thanks to Justin B, had a chance to stay here finally and i have to say that i was impressed! . . stayed in a terrace studio room complete with a balcony view of the strip. the only minor complaint about my stay is that we were on the 28th floor and could still hear a lot of noise coming from the strip. stumbling into the room at 3am, i had no trouble sleeping haha but it did make taking a nap in the middle of the day a bit troublesome haha...other than that, loved everything else about the room - comfy bed with fluffy sheets, awesome spacious shower, lots of seating to entertain guests, cool coffee table books scattered around the room and really cool shower tile and wallpaper haha. didnt have any issue with housekeeping either - as soon as we left the room and called down for turndown service, we came back an hour later and it was done. also def recommend staying in the east tower since the elevators will drop you off in the middle of the casino or on the 2nd floor near all the restaurants and marquee. staying at the cosmo makes going to marquee really convenient too. get into the club early, get your re-entry stamp and head up to the room for more pre-partying haha. . love this hotel! i can only hope i get the opportunity to come and stay here again ;)
Best. Buffet. Ever! Wicked Spoon really brought it's game. And it wins. Great, diverse selection...from Korean food to Pho to pork/sweet potato hash comfort food Americana. Just really good food. Bloody Mary's (an extra cost) were worth it - our server was really nice and made it double spicy as I had requested. Great dessert options too. I can't say enough good things about the buffet at Wicked Spoon. . . Only thing I did not like was the whole Identity thing. My boyfriend won $10 credit with our free spin but when we sat down at the slots, it took all the credits without us doing anything.... . The place tries to be hip. And it succeeds, without being too posy or too fake-feeling. It feels like a young, hip, modern, ultra-cool hotel for young professionals, grown-up hipsters and just people with a really cool vibe. I saw a lot of kinda-skinny jeans on the guys here BUT it was done in a tasteful way. . . The place also gets a thumbs up for having Hendricks Gin - my favorite. The Chandelier Bar was also pretty cool. I really liked that the Canton Gaming had Rugby Sevens games listed, and the supervisor changed one of the big screens to show the rugby games at our request. It wasn't too packed and the employees at the gaming place were so nice and accommodating - they asked us questions about rugby and rules - just trying to learn more about the sport. They were very, very nice to us...and it was genuine, not 'oh-let's-be-nice-so-we-can-get-tipped' business that's prevalent in other places!. . We did well on the slots and on roulette so I can't complain about the customer service. The dealers were all very nice.. . I liked this hotel. I liked my experience at this hotel. I will definitely stay here the next time I do Vegas. The decor is pretty cool too. Ok, I know, I know, you get it...the Cosmopolitan rocks.
wraparound terrace suite that's i have to say.
My new favorite hotel in Las Vegas! Our suite had an amazing balcony with a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. Very spacious with two full bathrooms and a full kitchen. Plenty to do without even leaving the hotel. Dined at Scarpetta and STK. Although both were amazing, STK was my favorite. They even set off fireworks at the table for my birthday!! I will definitely be back to the Cosmopolitan. Many thanks for a memorable 40th birthday!
I don't know if I would dish out the extra bucks to stay at this hotel when there are nice affordable options all around, but it sure is fun to hang out here. The interior and exterior are both modern and gorgeous. They have fantastic restaurants including 2 by celebrity Chef Jose Andres. We dined at Jaleo which was pretty much a gourmet tapas bar. They also have a "Chandelier" bar, basically the whole bar is encompassed by a giant chandelier. Last but not least, they have one of the newest super-clubs in Vegas, Marquee.
I am in love with this hotel! During our first stay in Vegas we stayed at the Cosmopolitan and after visiting almost every other hotel on the strip, I don't think I would have traded it for anything. We chose to stay here because am a Platinum Marriott member from all my work travel but that being said, you'd never be able to tell this hotel is part of the Marriott brand. The hotel is filled with stunning art and digital art, great restaurants, and beautifully decorated bars and casino, oh and the Marquee nightclub. Every detail of this hotel has been meticulously designed and as an added bonus, the hotel is perfectly located centrally on the strip. . . The room itself was gorgeous too. We stayed in a wrap around terrace suite that had a stunning view of the Bellagio fountains and the Paris Eiffel Tower. Again, decoratively, every detail of this hotel room, if you can call it that, was beautifully designed. Additionally, the entire suite could be controlled by a touch screen phone or through the tv which made it easy to shut off the billion lamps at the end of the night or set the temp.
Stayed at the Cosmo one night out of the 2 nights and 3 days my boyfriend and I were in Vegas for WPPI. We had the Terrace Suite with a spectacular view of the Bellagio lake and the Strip. The suite is ideally for two people but it was spacious enough for about 5-6 people. The only problem would be that there's only one king bed and the couch which is not a sofa sleeper. There are 2 full size bathrooms. One bathroom is near the entrance of the suite with a shower. That bathroom was pretty big. The 2nd bathroom is in the bedroom with a shower and a tub. Very huge bathroom. There's a small kitchenette area and oddly enough, there was no coffee maker. There's a little dining room area. The living room is spacious and has a sliding door to the balcony. The bedroom also has a sliding door to the balcony. The balcony is long with some lounge chairs. the suite is bad ass! Nuff said!
i came here for valentines day (2/13-2/14) w/my boyfriend as a lil reward for ourselves- decided to book on the cosmo since surprisingly it was cheaper than the PH towers and they offered a 20% off for staying at the cosmo.. . its probably going to sound like a cliche but i am completely in love with this hotel-everything about it-especially the room!. . if someone video taped me when i walked into my terrace studio (4435 room / west towers)..i just dropped my jaw and i said to my bf "OMFG!" i left my bags at the door and ran through the room like a lil kid "oooohhh-ing" & "ahhh-ing"  haha.. . the terrace studio is just purely amazing. esp my room/location of my room was amazingly big and had a great view of the bellagio water show. i was def. beyond impress w/the cleaniness and spacious bathrooms (2 baths!) ..if i could i would live here esp for the master bathroom. we took advantage of the kitchette and brought our own beer, food/frozen food of course and save $$ on wasting it on food on the strip.. . my only gripe about the hotel was that i got to cosmo around 1:40ish PM to check in and they told me i was too early and they didnt have a room open yet till 3PM-6:30PM..and i read this on yelp before how people had problems with waiting forever for them to call you when the room was ready, ppl having problems when they never called at all and etc. i never had a problem w/any hotel ive stayed at in vegas so this was new to me.  I was NOT about to wait till 6:30PM to have my room ready nor wait forever  for them to "call me" or accidently forget. so my bf and i just gambled at cosmo till 3pm..i physically went back to the lobby and check myself and he said it was ready!. . *so note for you guys, dont wait till 6:30PM  or for them to call you for your room to be ready..check it yourself..physically!. . i love their parking structure haha is that weird? love the art on the walls, very modernized parking structure...showing how many spaces are left and little lights showing you a occupied space or not haha. . overall, i would def stay here again if i had another special occasion or if theres a great deal since it is a bit pricey but well worth the money. make sure to stop by the identity booth for a free spin at their wheel to get free stuff and plays!
I gave this place a 5-star because of the view and the excellent customer service.. . Stayed here for one night, but let me tell you we had the most beautiful view and a great room to boot. The City View Room is the only one with a double bed and it has a see-through shower (with shades of course). . . There was a mini fridge in the room but my friend thinks she locked it because after she open and closed it, it wouldn't open. . . The beds are really comfortable. Once I saw the bed I did the "plop" test and let me tell you, so comfy! The bathroom is really nice too! There was a vanity mirror in there as well. The only thing I thought that was odd was there was a closet next to the vanity mirror and right across from that was the toilet (seperated by the door). The robs are really comfy too. The Cosmo also uses good toiletry. The brand (I forgot) is a good brand and not a cheap-o-brand, but still it's good if you forget your shower necessities. . . The front desk people are so helpful and nice! One of the best services I've ever had staying at a hotel on the strip. The security people are great too, because when house keeping wouldn't find us a wine opener, security did! They brought it to our room when house keeping actually said "we are out, you can buy one downstairs in the gift shop." . . This place is also in the heart of the strip and didn't have to drive anywhere! Well except maybe to China Town, but getting to all the other hotels and clubs was easy and didn't spend a dime on taxi's or anything.. . Although this place is pricey, you get what you pay for and more. I highly recommend people stay at this hotel at least once just so you can decide for yourself. My friend's and I were happy with everything.
One word...AMAZING! My good girlfriend and I just stayed at the Cosmopolitan (Thursday-Saturday) and LOVED it!  I highly recommend this hotel!  Everything about it is beautiful, the staff is amazing and we felt extremely comfortable and safe at the hotel. We truly felt that the management kept an "eye on things" that were going on in the hotel.  We loved the hotel bar near the slot machines...are bartenders Trey and C.J. were awesome and we went back every night :) :) :). . This hotel is classy and it is worth the extra money.  I dont gamble (but I still love Vegas) but even I enjoyed their casino!!  They have three pools (which werent open when we went, but were gorgeous), several shops and restaurants to choose from.. . Also...there is an awesome pizza place thats open until 5am...only $4.50 for a HUGE slice!!!. . Definately splurge and stay here!  We willl only stay at the Cosmopolitan from now on when visiting Vegas!!!
Stayed here for the weekend and had a great time. Upon driving up to the lobby you can already tell that this property is much newer and cleaner than the rest on the strip. The main thing that won me over is the lack of cornball theme - every detail is chic. . . We stayed in a Terrace Studio with an incredible view overlooking the Bellagio's fountain, so we were treated to gorgeous shows day and night. The bed and pillows were super comfy and I loved the layout of the bathroom, including a deep tub with window overlooking the Vegas lights. We had a nice wet bar and dishwasher, and I was thrilled with the closet space and seating - more than enough for our guests to stop by for drinks, including several comfy seats, a large couch and bench. The bedroom can be closed off for privacy with a pocket door, and there are flat screens in both the bedroom and living room.. . The bars and lounges at The Cosmo are average for Las Vegas, but The Chandelier is really something to see, even if you can't get in when its packed. The Wicked Spoon, however, has one of the best breakfast buffets I've been to in the city. . . Generally, I thought the service was quite good - the staff is friendly, any concerns were immediately resolved and the concierge did a great job of recommending and booking tickets for a show.. . This is definitely my new choice for staying in Vegas.
This is an absolutely GORGEOUS hotel, and the perfect place to come for a girls weekend away. Last weekend, a group of us decided to come to Las Vegas to celebrate my best friend's bachelorette party, and everyone kept telling me that the Cosmopolitan was the place to be. Being that three of us were coming from Vancouver, and two were flying in from Toronto, we had booked two separate rooms. When the three of us Vancouver gals arrived, we asked the front desk if it would be possible to have adjoining rooms so that we could stay close together. The super friendly check-in agent did us one better and offered us a spectacular two-bedroom, three bathroom suite on the 45th floor overlooking the Bellagio fountains. At only $200 extra a night (or $40 per person) how could we say no?. . When we arrived at our room, we were all astounded at how beautiful it was. The decor was tasteful (as it was in the entire hotel), and with the bathrooms having double sinks it made it incredibly easy for all five of us to get ready each day without worries about bathroom hogging, etc. The bathrooms each had walk-in showers and deep, soaker tubs that were ultra-luxurious. Everything was clean and fresh-looking, which is great for me since I tend to be a little neurotic about hotel cleanliness.. . When it came time to (sadly) check-out, I was a little worried about the wait times, as I had heard countless stories from friends about them having to wait an hour in Sunday check-out lines in Vegas hotels. I was astounded when we were checked out in less than two minutes, and the kind staff let us keep our hotel room keys as souvenirs. Overall, you can hotel that the Cosmopolitan Hotel has spent a lot of time perfecting the small details that make a good hotel a great one. If you're looking to stay in a beautiful, well-designed and non-cheesy hotel on the best part of the Strip, the Cosmopolitan is the place to be.
From October 2011: We went to Vegas randomly on the whim on a Friday night  after work from Bay, arrived in Vegas Sat 6am. Decided to gamble a bit at Cosmo and we got comped at Cosmo! It was def a dream come true. We got the nice East Tower suite, with the Bellagio water fountain view. GORGEOUS hotel, the best we stayed in. Everything was clean and well decorated. There was a balcony with soft couch seats, so at night sitting there overlooking the strip and watching the bellagio water fountain was just breathtaking. When we first walked in the TVs turned on to football and omg... words really can't explain how surprised we were to see the comped room we got. Plenty of room for the 3 of us, so we took advantage of everything they offered to us. . . We went to the pool and ordered some beers on our hotel, we found out when we checked out the next day that our fees were waived! THANKS COSMO! Great swimming pool, it was a bit crowded but seemed like everybody was having a great time. Felt like I was in college again. Later that night we went to Marquee for KASKADE, we didn't expect to get in b/c it was me and 2 guys, but thanks to our hotel key we got in right away! Best clubbing experience of my life. Kaskade for first time is pure amazing. . .  We were only in Vegas for Saturday but we had the BEST VEGAS TRIP of our lives. We came back  for Halloween to Vegas but it didn't compare to the experience we had at Cosmo. THANK YOU COSMO. Next time not sure if we can get comp again, but we will def pay that extra few hundreds just to stay here. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! The center of vegas has shifted.
**100th review**. . Awesome luxury and modern hotel for the ultra cool and hip. The Cosmo has become my favorite hotel on the Vegas strip. It even beats out the Bellagio that I stayed in couple of years ago.. . The design of this hotel is just amazing and it will tantalize all your senses. The most noticeable aspect is The Chandelier Lounge and bar as it covers the lobby with a giant crystal curtain, which creates a sense of an inhabited chandelier. The location is perfect sitting in the middle of the strip. The views from most of the suites are unbeatable as you get a perfect spot to watch the Bellagio fountains and front of the Paris hotel. It has a top notch club, Marquee; awesome Lounge, Bond; and one of the best buffets, Wicked Spoon. Need I say more?. . The service is excellent from check-in to check-out. As we entered the lobby to check-in , I saw long lines. But, I was immediately greeted by a very young and attractive lady in a tight black dress offering complimentary bottles of water, nice move Cosmo! Moments later some dude with a cool ipad took our info to expediated the check-in process. All the staff was friendly and helpful.. . We had the standard suite and didn't bother to upgrade to the ones with the balconies and kitchenettes. I love the touch screen phone that can control the climate conditions, LCD, music, alarm, and all lights. They even have a "pillow butler" that will provide you with a down,memory foam, gel, ergonomic or body pillow. One unusual thing I noticed in the room was a large window between the shower and bedroom with a curtain controlled on the bedroom side. I guess it could be a little weird if you were sharing a room with just a "friend" but you could easily get your freak on if you were with someone more then a friend.. . I highly recommended eating at the Secret Pizza and Wicked Spoon buffet in this hotel and check out the sexy go-go dancers at The Bond lounge at night.. . I'll definitely come back here next time unless they make a better hotel in the future. It would have been perfect if they offered free wifi instead of paying $15 for 24 hour access. . . Top notch friendly service and ultra cool atmosphere deserves 5 stars.
By far, this is now my favorite hotel on the strip.  The hotel is ultra modern, beautiful, comfortable, and probably the best food I've had in a hotel in a long time.  I'd say this is more of an adult hotel, doesn't seem to cater to kids in any way, especially since the majority of their rooms types have king beds only (some sofa beds).  I really didn't see many kids at all during my 3 day visit.. . ROOMS:  I stayed in a City Room the first night.  Very comfortable bed.  There is a window that goes from the shower to the bedroom area, but don't fret, there is a shade on the side of the bedroom that you can pull down.  That was my concern as I was staying with friends.  In the picture on the website you can't see that shade!  I moved to a Fountain View Terrace Room the second night and was even more impressed.  NOTE:  the only roomson the website showing 2 beds are the basic City Rooms.  They DO have Terrace Rooms with 2 beds, you have to call to make the reservation and ask for them.  They do not advertise them on the site at all.  So if you're bringing friends, you must make your reservation that way.  The layout for the FVTerrace Double is a bit different than they show on the site with the King since it has 2 beds instead of one.  The beds are not by the window and there is no dividing wall.  The couch is a small couch, not an L-shaped couch (in case you're thinking of being able to sleep 6, this won't happen).  The Fountain View Terrace room had a beautiful view, could see the entire Bellagio fountain water show and a beautiful view of the strip, mountains and all the way to Rio and the Palms.  The shower is huge, nice jacuzzi tub, dishwasher (you must ask the front desk for dishes, I'm guessing at an additional cost), mini bar fridge is full and a freezer that's empty, and a microwave.  There are hookups for just about everything on the tv, including iPad. The terrace is a perfect size.  I also viewed the other rooms.  Warning on the one bedroom, if you're traveling with friends, there is no shade on the window in the shower and Soaking Tub.  So unless you like your friends watching you shower, only reserve this room if you are a couple.  Some of these rooms have sofabeds, some only have a couch.  Ask when you reserve. All rooms have lighting controlled on the tv as well as manually which is a really nice touch.  I toured the other rooms that were larger, not a bad thing to say.  They were all beautiful.     . . RESTAURANTS:  We ate at Holstein's, Wicked Spoon, Milos, and STK.  All were phenomenal!  The lobster mac and cheese at Holsteins melted in my mouth, the freshely prepared fish at Milos was to die for (this is a family style restaurant) and the atmosphere and food at STK were both hip and delicious.  The Wicked Spoon has a great buffet, a bit on the pricey side but since I'm a Marriott Platinum member I got 2 for free.  They pump current music through the restaurant at STK which I loved.  If you're looking for a quiet romantic dinner, this might not be the place for you unless you go really early.  Find the Secret Pizza Place...everyone raves about it.  I know where it is but we never made it there.  3rd level, long hallway in between Jaleo and Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar.  It's not on the map nor does it have an actual name.  Though I'm guesing some day they'll put it on the map and call it just that.  It's open till 4 am, great for late night munchies after a night out of drinking.  . . CLUB:  We went to Marquee.  Very impressive.  While I'm not into the extremely crowded scene, this club was huge.  Many levels, outdoor area at the pool.  Modern house music.  My only complaint was that it was too crowded and we could barely walk through the club, let alone dance on the dance floor, but I expected this on a Saturday night.  If you don't mind the crowds and love house music, this is the place to go.  . . LOCATION:  This is the place to be.  It's smack dab in the middle of the strip.  Everything in walking distance (Cabo Wabo across the street...awesome food), shopping, food....the only time we cabbed it was to check out Freemont Street since I hadn't been there in years.  That cab ride was about $25/way.. . Overall, I can't imagine staying at another hotel in Vegas after this visit!
I can't think of a better place to review for my 400th review. I stayed at The Cosmopolitan for three nights this past weekend and it absolutely exceeded my expectations. Not only have I found my new favorite hotel in Vegas, but I think I have found my favorite hotel that I have ever stayed at!. . I booked directly via the hotel website and was able to snag a City Room with two queen beds for three nights for $483 which included all taxesand fees. While the City Room is the basic level, it didn't feel basic at all. The best part about our room (5541) was that it had a partial Strip view and overlooked the Bellagio fountains. I don't think there is much that is better than getting ready for a night in Vegas while being able to watch the fountain show.  Overall the room was huge and I imagine if there had only been one bed in the room, it would have felt even bigger. I loved that the bathroom had a separate toilet, so someone could go to the bathroom while another person continued to get ready at the sink and mirror. The shower stall was huge which I appreciated. As a warning, the shower looks out into the room, so if you are sharing a room with someone other than your significant other, make sure to lower the shade! The only negative about the room was that the shower water never got really hot - it got warm and was fine for showering, but as a person who loves a hot shower, it never quite got there.. . The whole hotel is sparkly, glitzy, classy, and...well, cosmopolitan. There is a lot of crystals and bling, but it's done in such a modern and beautiful way that is comes across as classy, not cheap or gaudy. There are a ton of bars to sip drinks at with the best one being the multi-level and beautiful Chandelier Bar. Our bartender on Saturday night at Chandelier Bar was really friendly, fast, and chatted with us despite it being pretty busy. This bar/lounge was quickly added to my "must visit" list for Vegas and I will be recommending it to all my friends.. . Other little things that I really liked about my stay:. . 1. It didn't feel like it took forever to walk from one end of the hotel/casino to the other. In some of the other Vegas Strip properties, I feel like I am walking forever to get anywhere.. . 2. Great location - it's a quick walk to Crystals and Aria on one side, Bellagio on the other, and Planet Hollywood and the Paris across the street. . . 3. Very friendly service - from the front desk to the guys at the taxi stand, every staff member we encountered during our three night stay was incredibly friendly and really seemed to like their job. . . The only real complaint I have was about the elevators - you have to use your room key to access your floor and it took multiple tries on some occasions for it to actually read the card. We heard complaints from fellow elevator passengers about this same issue, including some from people who have stayed at the hotel multiple times since it has opened. Hopefully The Cosmopolitan will fix this issue soon. . . I will definitely be staying here on my next visit to Vegas so I can check out the restaurants, pool, spa, and Marquee.
a lot of fun but i like quiet places.
Cosmo is one of my favorite hotels on the strip. First of all, its not very big so I don't ever feel lost or too far away from the strip or elevators to my rooms. The table limits are a bit less than what you would find at Bellagio so its a bit easier on the wallet. . The restaurants in the Cosmo range from pizza slices at Secret Pizza for cheap to your fancy Steak Dinner at STK. There is a tapas place, a burger place and a wonderfully unique buffet in Wicked Spoon. . . Plenty of lounges around and some live music by The Henry (great short ribs Benedict for breakfast) on some nights.. . I had the Terrace view room which overlooked city center. My time lapse video from the room here: http://youtu.be/CyPkxtlau5E. . The room was spacious clean and even had a dish washer. Also in our room was a large shower, jet tub and a huge couch that could easily be another place for someone to sleep. There was even a chair and table outside on the balcony to lounge on.  My only wish is for them to have a poker room, but being how the place is set up, I'm not sure where they could fit on in. Maybe by the Sports book which is already tiny.. but also not crowded so it makes it nice as well :) Yes.. I'm not a huge fan of crowds.
What is there not to like about the Cosmo!  First of all the place is pretty pimp....the scenery there is amazing...especially at night where its a fashion show....Girls are all dressed up to go to the Marquee and party it up....there is a great pizza place to eat for cheap eats and the Pizza is pretty much off the hook.   The buffett at Wicked Spoon is affordable and super good.  The gambling is a little bit expensive but you gotta keep the rift-rafts out some how. This is the hot spot right now.....and there are cool little boutique shops to go look at like Kid Robot and some shoe store. ... . The Rooms are cool too...and the bed is really comfortable...these rooms were suppose to be condo's but MGM went bankrupt.....really roomy.....and did I mention the bed was super comfortable...bathroom is pretty spacious as well..if you can stay there..do it!
Whats the point of writing a review about a place with 1000 reviews? Well, I'm only doing it because of how much I absolutely love this place.  It is gorgeous, intriguing, fun, funny...remarkable...amazing! Not enough adjectives in the world.   The underground parking garage is great, you walk in and literally every little crack and crevise was intricately planned with not one detail left out.   . . The decor is incredible, thoughtful and unique.  It's like an art gallery set up as a luxurious casino.   The furnishings, the artwork, the frickin' vending machines that sell art! Yes art in a vending machine! Amazing.   You could wander this place for days and find something intriguing in every corner, nook or cranny.. . The Chandelier bar is beautiful, comfortable and classy.  The drinks are pricey, service is great, you feel like a celebrity just sitting there.   It's three levels high, and ample seating with an more than ample-selection of cocktails and liquors.  . . The pools are beautiful, unique and well designed.  I didn't get to enjoy them though, as the weekend westayed the wind was crazy and the pools were more like whirlpools!  Oh well, I want to come back and do some maxin' and relaxin' by the pool(s) another time.  I'd love to see one of the concerts they put on by the large pool one day too....they always seem to get the greatest artists to play their venue.. . The semi-secret pizza place hidden down the narrow hallway near where all the fancy restaurants are is a great suprise too.  Nothin beats some freshly made slices after a few drinks in Vegas.   I'll eat at STK or something when I'm sober.... but I'm in Vegas so not sure that will happen!. . OK, now the best part, the actual hotel room!  It is amazing...like a posh Manhattan apartment!  The huge whirlpool tub with a separate shower for two (three or four) in the beautiful well designed and fully stocked with C.O. Bigelow products bathroom is fantastic.  It looks out on to the suite-style room with luxury linens and flat screen t.v.'s and awesome uniquely stocked (and expensive) mini-bar with a bunch of things you want to buy but realize you don't want to spend the money on!   There are art books on the side and coffee tables that you can peruse and buy from hotel services if you are so inclined (In fact, I think you are able to buy just about anything from the room, new of course, from the hotel if you desire).   BUT , the absolute best part is the large balcony that is off of every room in the hotel.  This is not a common thing in Vegas, but at the Cosmo it is standard.  We got a room facing the fountains on the strip and got to watch the water/light show from our balcony all evening.  I honestly could live in this hotel and not really need to leave the room.  This is the kind of hotel you stay at because you want to enjoy the room, not one of those places to rest your drunken' head for a few hours and quickly leave to go party some more.   . . I can't wait to come back to this place... Seriously cannot wait.  I wouldn't stay anywhere else on the strip (unless it was free).  The rooms are pricey, but absolutely worth it.
This is one of my favorite hotels in las vegas because it has given me many memories with my friends.  Both good and bad memories.  . . First of all, i love everything about it.  The pool, the hotel rooms, the chandelier bar, the buffet, and the nightclub.. . I have always enjoyed my time here and its such a wonderful place to relax at the chandelier bar and go bananas at the nightclub. . . The buffet is really good, the food is in little pots and plates which i liked it that way because its a good portion control and you get to try a little bit of everything they had.. . Great hotel in the las vegas strip!
Most people look forward to Vegas for the clubs and parties, but I look forward to Vegas for Cosmopolitan's beds! They are so comfy and soft and soft and comfy. Not to mention, the view from the bed is quite a view, and I'm not talking about the view out the window. When you're sitting on the bed, directly in front of you is the shower and jacuzzi, and tv of course. The shower and jacuzzi are separated from the bedroom by glass and blinds. However, the blinds are controlled from the bedroom side, so if you're getting bored of watching tv on your bed, you can watch something else by opening the blinds.. . Not only are the rooms amazing, but everything else about the hotel is too. It's so pink and glitz and glammy. It also has Marquee day and night club. So fun and glamourous.
What can I say about the Cosmopolitan? It was bliss. It was perfection. It was so much more than I ever expected from a Vegas hotel. . . We were admittedly spoiled on our visit to the Cosmo. After getting chummy with the check-in girl, she upgraded us to what can only be described as a slice of heaven. Room 5915 is on the 59th floor of the rear tower, facing north. My ears popped in the elevator. But when I opened the door to the room... My jaw literally dropped.. . The view cannot be described adequately. I tried to explain it to a friend who was staying at the Vdara and I even showed him a picture of it, but when he saw it in person, he gasped. GASPED. That's how incredible it was.. . All the lights of Vegas stretched out beneath me, all the way to the mountains north of town. I looked down on the Bellagio and its dancing fountains. I looked down on The Mirage with its erupting volcano. I looked down on Treasure Island and the fireworks from the Sirens of TI. I looked down on The Paris and Caesar's Palace and The Flamingo. I could see Wynn and Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo and in the distance blinked the lights of the Stratosphere. . . I was God. I was the lord of Las Vegas observing my kingdom from above. I was Mufasa showing Simba everything the light touches (That shadowy place is Circus Circus - you must never go there, Simba.) . . The room was incredible: soft beds, two TVs, a sitting area, a desk, a triple-wide closet, a mini kitchen, a whirpool tub, a HUGE shower (wink wink wink), a private toilet room and ALL the lights in the room can be controlled remotely by the phone. Technology!!!. . Downstairs, the Cosmo is super-modern, verging on cheesy. They'll need to renovate within the next ten years to stay current. But for now, it's "just the right amount of wrong." It's obviously still the place-to-be-and-be-seen on the Strip. I saw more coochie-flashing dresses and barely-buttoned Affliction shirts on one walk through the casino than I've seen collectively worldwide in the last decade.. . Food and shopping options abound. The Chandelier bar wows. And I won $322 off a $20 bet on a Goldfish slot machine. I honestly, positively, absolutely CANNOT complain about the Cosmopolitan. . . Stay here.
There are more good than bad at this property and knowing that nothing's perfect is the reason I still give it 5 stars.  Having read some of the reviews, I will dispense with the usual raves and mention some of the things that I did not read about yet I think worth mentioning.  If you're a gambler, then you'll appreciate the subtle nuances.  . . One is the fact that their table rules are a lot less restrictive.  They don't mind you showing your cards to your friends sitting next to you and offering, asking for, advice about how to play.  All the dealers, in my expericence.  seems to be a lot more relaxed and easy going.  Walking through the pits?  Not a problem either. . . Slot play?  It seems that I was more lucky there than any other in recent years.  They also have a portion of machine rounds that are slightly sectioned off by floor to ceiling beaded curtains that give it somewhat of a "private" feel.  Some card tables in that section are like that as well although I never did see those tables in play.. . The spa & fitness centers are very impressive.  The spa, beautifully done, with the entry hallway reminiscent to cave-like walls complete with waterfall-like feature at the end.  Generous ammenities in both the shower and sitting room with a separate room with sleeper seats for relaxing.. . The fitness center very well equipped with every machine you need and dumbells at least to 80lbs.  Spacious enough that you don't feel crowded either.   The fact that there's never really all that many people working out, makes it feel like your own private gym.. . Their players card works pretty much the same as "M Life", or "TotalRewards" being able to use it for comps at various venues with the ability to add points to from purchasing meals or products.  One difference is that your room key doubles as your players card so that if you misplaced your players card somewhere, then you can use it instead.. . Valet and bell service pretty decent as well.  Fairly quick and always friendly.  . . Now for the Cons:  Least important was the buffet "Wicked Spoon".  The first time I was quite impressed.  After that however, I felt that there could definitely be a wider variety of choices.  The one item that impressed me the most was the "Kalbi beef".  Very delicious flavor and abundant supply to pick from and the Sushi, albiet small in size, was made in front of you as well.  There was also a nice "Italian Ice" bar for dessert.  Otherwise, there could've been a wider variety of other selections.. . What disturbed me the most was the VIP lounge.  If you utilize it then be forewarned.  In their defense, It's been awhile since I've been there last so hopefully they've improved.  First was that in the same visit, the refrigerator with refreshments was moved from being accessible in the lounge area to behind the desk.  Even the Luxor VIP lounge has thier refrigerator easily accessed.  Worse was the incompetence of the staff.  Although friendly enough, there were a couple of incidents that perturbed me.  Even tho my hosts always sets up the limos, I always verify with the VIP desk before checkout.  I verified more than once only find out in the end that the time was incorrect.  Another was having told that a charge was to be taken off, only to find out that it wasn't at checkout.  . . In short, it seemed communication and follow thru was a problem at the time.  Frustrating because it was never corrected even after having questioned said discrepancies and having been told that it was.  I wasn't the only one with a problem either.  While waiting my turn, I witnessed other unhappy exchanges.  If anything, the VIP staff should be the most competent, and obviously it wasn't.. . Overall, great experience, if not for a few bumps in the road.
"Just The Right Amount of Wrong". http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5OoU1SpNi0. . Yeah, the commercial is pretty accurate.  To my dismay, there were no puppies and kittens in any of the elevators.  I checked them all.  Everything else is on point.  I've never felt like such a rock star.  Affordable and swanky.  Unique and yet something for everyone.  I don't think I will every want to stay anywhere else when I come to Vegas.. . This hotel did it right.  Located in the middle of the strip, it is a perfect place to stay. Every little detail in the design from the taxi shuttle to the bathrooms is awe-inspiring.. . I knew when I walked up and the stone gargoyles outside the main entrance had lipstick kiss marks on them, we had made the right choice.  Entering the lobby, there are floor to ceiling pillars animated with changing graphics.  So cool.  Check-in is very personal and at the desk we were offered an upgrade for a discounted price on our room.  Thirty ninth floor "view room".  I could have stared off our balcony for hours.  The view was amazing.  Our balcony faced the Bellagio's fountain.  Our pictures almost look like postcards.  . . Walking around and checking out the restaurants and bars made me wish we had more time there.  We stopped by the The Chandelier Bar, which is 2 floors with a giant cascading chandelier going through and around the entire bar.  We saw a live act- The Leftover Cuties.  Went to Book and Stage and got a crafted cocktail.  Bond bar is so intense with LED's, lights and music it's vibe is electric 24/7.  You just have to explore it all and take it all in.   Amazing artwork everywhere and shops you can empty your wallet in.  Great restaurants and buffet. I didn't visit the pool since it was still a bit cold the time of year we stayed, but they have concerts by the pool!!  Concerts. By. The. Pool!  I want to make a visit just to see Florence and the Machine here in a few months.  Speaking of the music, they play the BEST music here!  Just walking around I heard all of my favorites coming through the speakers (not popular radio stuff).  I jammed out in the elevators on more than one occasion.     . .  Excellent service from everyone on the staff.  The rooms are completely controlled by remote.  You can turn down the air, dim the lights, turn on some Sirius Radio and order room service all from the comfort of your bed.  . . If you want to feel like Lady Gaga for the weekend, I recommend this place 100%  . . There is too much more to fit within the character limit of a review.  You just need to stay here!  I already want to go back.
I stayed at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas in November 2011. It was my consotrium's national meeting which is held in a different location each fall. I truely believe they did an awesome job by picking the Cosmopolitan.. . I work in the travel industry so I am quite picky about where I will stay. I love love loved this hotel. The food was a bit on the pricey side, but eh, it is Vegas after all. I stayed in a normal double suite, and I wasn't lucky enough to over look the strip, but I did have a wonderful view of the Aria Hotel and of the pool deck at Cosmo. The beds were comfortable, the pillows abundant, and they room stewards kept the room sparkling clean. There was a nice size flat screen on the wall. The bathroom had a large walk in shower, no tub. You could probably fit 8 people in the shower. There was a large rain shower head. There was also a window from the shower to the room.. . The mini bar is well stocked with everything you could want from red bull, coke, water, nuts, and candy tocondoms and lube.. . Some of my other travel friends were upgraded to a two bedroom suite that was absolutely amazing. I would definately stay here again.
By far the BEST hotel I've stayed at in Vegas EVER.. . There is just something so chic about this hotel and I can't put my finger on it.. . I was lucky enough to be staying in a wrap around suite with a kitchenette, washer and dryer, and a balcony that wrapped around.. . I walked in and the doors were all open and the breeze was blowing and the room just took my breath away.  Everything was so modern and crisp looking.. . There were 2 sinks [5 stars alone for this] and 2 bathrooms, one in the hallway...there was a freakin hallway.. . The bed was HEAVENLY with so many down pillows and a down duvet. FLUFFY!!! :). . The view is just BREATHTAKING.  If it was warmer and we had more people staying in the room I would have definitely spent more time out on the balconies just chilling and hanging out with friends.. . I love the fact that they have sirius XM in the room so we could enjoy music while we got ready.. . Service was amazing.  Our room was constantly clean.  Our bed was always either made or turned down...we never went back to a messy room.. . . I loved every minute I spent in the room.  I definitely will be back! :)
Best hotel on the strip. Plus, they have the best club on the strip (Marquee). What more could you ask for in one place?
Hands down the best hotel in Vegas. The crowd is young and beautiful and Marquee day club is poppin'. I can easily say I've had one of the best times of my life at this hotel. So many celebrities stay at the Cosmo and I saw a bunch of athletes last time I stayed here. Marquee may be a little difficult to get into but if you're walking around with stacks you can easily get it. In Vegas you gotta go big or go home so if you want to be thrifty, the Cosmo ain't the place to stay. First time I gambled at this place I won $300 off $10 in slots. Staying at the Cosmo was such a memorable experience.
Best Hotel ever. Great Rooms. Nice stuff. . Great hosts.  . Will i come back. Hell yes
My favorite strip hotel hang out place.. . Favorite bars: Vesper: get the Manhattan or Sazerac. Chandelier: Butterfly and Cosmo. Make friends with the bartenders and they'll even make you their own special signature drinks.. . 2nd floor west end area (where the have the conference ballrooms) great art display, from sculptures, to wall decors, and even the furniture. Where can I buy those, seriously?!. . Had friends visit Vegas couple times and stayed at the rooms. A defo must! Either a city view or fountain view - still a great view! Even the room decor and furniture are eye candy. Seriously, where can I buy those art works?!. . Restaurants? Holsteins: great but I'm not really a big fan of burgers. But great drinks. The secret pizza place? Well, you'll have to look for it and once you've found it, it's worth the search.
This hotel provided us the best view I've seen from the strip overlooking the fountain shows. The hotel was very trendy and high tech isn't even a good enough phrase to describe the ammenities. YOU must stay here if you want a great Vegas experience.
Excellent hotel in every way. I was visiting Las Vegas for work. I don't drink or gamble so it was all about the hotel-side of The Cosmopolitan for me. The front desk staff were excellent. I got upgraded to a beautiful mini-suite. Nicest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Everything was great about the visit. After some pretty bad experiences in LV casinos, this was all a very nice surprise.
most beautiful sexiest place i ever stayed at...chic luxury suites is wonderful n customer service is great....will always stay here...:)
Let me tell you,.     It's very hard for me to give something 5stars but this hotel GETS IT!!!. I got a free 2night stay in the mail and we decided to take it ,when we checked in we were given a very nice room but not what the mail said we were intiled to so my wife went back down stairs to ask for a suite that they had said we were going to get, and low and behold they bent over bacwards for use this hotels customer service is 105 percent above the regular hotels in Vegas and I've stayed in them all for the last 30years, even though my expertise is food I will rate everything .       1....... Customer service 6 matza balls out of 5 .        2...... Food. 1 matza ball out of 5.       3...... Gambling 3 matza ball out of 5 .     Food to expensive ,gambling average high end casino they must pay for there hotel I know that,,,,, and I want to give a big mazel to a employee name josh at the check in desk he went above and beyond to please us , THANXS COSMO well come back  .                  Your Jewish chef.                       Kevin
My favorite hotel and casino on the strip.  This place has many of the best restaurants in town.  You have Milos, Wicked Spoon, E, and Secret Pizza.  The Chandelier bar is really cool also.  The casino floor is fairly small which I like cause it never seems dead in there.  You can't go wrong with this place.
amazing hotel!!! My new place to stay when I go to Vegas. Fantastic rooms! Its all about the one bedroom suite with the japanese soak tub! Amazingly friendly and helpful staff and fantastic food! Only place I gambled in the whole time. Don't miss out on the chandelier bar, great drinks, incredible atmosphere and a great place to have a date.
"What are you doing next weekend?" he said the morning after that fateful first date.. "I'm not sure, why?". "I'm going to Vegas.  Want to go?". . This may very well be the precursor to a happily ever after (or so the movie version would have you think).  Once upon what feels like a lifetime ago, but wasn't long at all, I got asked to be taken here and pampered until he hoped I would fall in love with him.  And that he did.  (Before I got there even.). . It was my first time in Vegas.  I had no idea what I was to expect.  Anticipation and nervousness filled my soul as I clicked confirm on that ticket just 2 days after he asked me.  After only a few days of knowing him.. . He was there already when I arrived Sunday.  But when I arrived, it was... out of a fairytale.. . My handsome gent greeted me in the most elegant, decadent, sophisticated hotel I'd ever seen.  Chandeliers cover the hotel interior.  It's plush.  It's swank.  It's the trendiest place these days on the strip.. . And now my experience for Vegas trips afterwards is forever tainted... having had THE best of the best with a most fantastic view of the city with one of the most handsome men I have ever had the pleasure of dating.. . Luck be the lady that goes here with a gent!
The Cosmo is swank and posh and I love it. The rooms are fantastic and the location is perfect. The valet and parking garage are very accessible. There is human security at the elevators, but keycards ARE required.
Gorgeous, trendy, flashy, beautiful hotel. Feels like a new Vegas inside. The hotels around should update their game to keep up with the Cosmopolitan. lol Definitely visit at least once but if you like old vegas then don't.
Gambling 101 at the cosmo. . Ask member services about their lose 100 get 100 credit back. Basically my gf and I gambled all day and had fun. We didn't win overall but for $30 bucks we got entertainment for the whole day, free drinks, and a free buffet. This place ROCKS. Plus they have this awesome little cell phone cleaner that takes advantage of technology that the rest of the world seems to negate lol.
Amazing hotel!   One of the best I've ever stayed in.   Great staff and amazing restaurants.   Only down side was i had a light out in my room which they promptly fixed.
Classy, chic, and over the top. Cosmopolitan has brought a new Vegas standard to the table... Been here several times..mostly to go to Marquee. It's beautiful. Even if you aren't planning on staying here, I definitely recommend taking a walk through Cosmo if you have the time. It's definitely a treat for the eyes.
AMAZING! This hotel went beyond all of our expectations!  We arrived, late, nearly midnight I would say.  We went to the registration desk to check-in and found out our room was not ready because they thought we were a no show.  To compensate they immediately gave us a $50 food and beverage credit.  The ladychecking us in then gave us a room with a view of the Bellagio water show which we thought was pretty cool.  On our way up they called us back and told us they upgraded us to a balcony studio room/suite on the 58th floor. This room was AMAZING and the view was even better than the first room!  Saturday morning we came back from Vanity and ordered room service, we were able to get a huge pizza for only $26. That is awesome for room service, considering that the following night my friend ordered a $40 hamburger HA!  Overall, we got a fantastic deal and paid about a third of what those rooms are going for now!  . . * There were two things that I disliked, one was the TV would not shut off and was blaring all night long. My friend did not want to bother engineering and ended up eventually unplugging it. . . * And the other was there was always a long wait time when calling room service and concierge.. . Other than those two items the Cosmo is amazing!
I LOVE this place. Crazy pricey rooms, but worth it if you share with tons of friends! The sparklies and glitteries and beautiful decor makes me giggle with delight! Oh, and did I mention the #1 club in the nation is here? MARQUEE!! This is a girl's dream...giant gorgeous heel statues, popular late night pizza place and other restaurants...spa/fitness center is beautiful...I really don't have anything bad to say about this place aside from the CHA-CHING! (Price). My favorite hotel on the entire strip!
When I'm gambling/hanging out at the Cosmo, I feel like I actually amounted to something in life. Rest assured, I haven't, but I feel like it. Cosmo gives me hopes and dreams like Disney used to give me as a young padawan. A bunch of MILFs loaded with their old wrinkly hubby's money just hangin' around. I could get used to this lifestyle. Yup, I really think I could. Hmmm....
Love love love this hotel! Have stayed there twice and cant wait to go back! The rooms are beautifully decorated with awesome bathrooms and dont forget the badass terrace with the kickass views! . . The food at the cosmo is great too! . . Holstiens- best burger on the strip, maybe of my life. I could eat there everyday when in vegas! They grind thier own beef and have great fries. Also great service. . . China pablano- tacos and dim sum. Heaven? I think so. Small plates and good for sharing with the table. Hint: have a cocktail in your hand? even a red cup from your hotel room? They let you in with it!
just stop in and check it out.  Then go up to the 2nd floor and get a burger you will not be disappointed
Great music and drinks. Try the passion float. Yummy!!! The shakes are delish!!!
This place totally reminds me of the TOWER of TERROR! It is darkened, cool screened pillars upon entering, the decor resembles old times and going into the club at the Cosmo...a woman brought us up or down ( can't remember) and gave us a little spiel about what to except just like the ride!. . . The room we had had an AWESOME view of the strip, es pecially the Bellagio fountains! We probably saw the water show 10 times! We played our own music :) The room is super nice and spacious! The beds were so comfy and fluffy!! I love the compemporary decor and the bathroom was nice and huge, fit for many girls. The only WEIRD part was there is a blind for the shower window OUTSIDE of the room so everyone can see you showering if you don't close it. I mean, I know it's Vegas but...that's just weird if you're with friends. I would have shoved my foot up someone's butt if they opened it. Asking for new towels and all was easy and efficient too.. . We also visited the pool area which was beautiful! There were pool and fooz ball tables, tons of chairs, and a beautiful pool area, shallow and deep. Towels available.. . We also tested out WICKED SPOON. 1 star for that. We went for a $40 brunch and the food was cold and pretty flavorless. That'll be my next review.... . Overall, loved the hotel experience and enjoyoed my stay!. . Cosmo...you are out of this world!
I was at The Cosmo. only to see The Shins outside at their pool, for the Summer Concert Series. The Building in general is SO beautiful! I hope i get to stay there for a while next time I head to Vegas, Everything is very intimate but with an ultra modern twist.  . . like an I phone that works by candlelight. . As a Venue it was AMAZING! they emptied out the larger pool and had a big stage so no matter where you stood you had a good spot since the floor was slanted, the fancy customers got to chill on an upper level.. For us pe-ons down below, there was 2 bars. One huge one and small side one . .  my whiskey coke tapped me out at 12$, so needless to say i waited to get my second drink outside of the show. . The big screen that they usually play their deals and premier services on was used to show the band playing, that was pretty bad ass. It was also lightly raining so the flurries of the rain looked so cool while the band was playing. . . anyway great venue. hope to go again!
In my opinion, the Cosmopolitan is definitely the hottest place on the strip right now.  It has all the coolest restaurants, awesome decor and a great location.  The real reason I'm giving it 5 stars, though, is the fact that my room had a balcony.. . I spend at least 2 months of my year in Vegas for work.  Usually, I'm confined to meeting rooms with no windows all day before I retire to my room only to gaze out of my tinted window at a beautiful view of a rooftop.  It's not the view that bothers me, it's that I can go days without breathing fresh air.. . This time around, I was only at the Cosmo for 3 days.  Unlike usual, though, I wish I could have stayed longer.  My room was beautiful, comfortable, and that balcony made me feel human after a long day's work.  I swear, I probably spent most of my time just sitting out there.. . I realize that most people will go for vacation, but if you go for work, here are some other 5-star features.  . . *  The staff was truly a pleasure to work with (something you don't find every day in Vegas). *  You don't have to trek through a smoky casino to make it to the meeting rooms.. *  The layout of the hotel is easy to navigate and set up so that you don't have to walk for miles to get where you're going.. . I really enjoyed my time there and I can only hope I spend a lot more of my two months in Vegas staying on that balcony...I mean, room.. . Oh, and quick tip for everyone.  The lines for check in and check out can get long.  There are check in kiosks located just to the right of the entrance by the west tower bell stand so you can get the party started faster.  Enjoy!
My personal visit here was awesome.  Sassy, gorgeous and upscale. . . Upon check-in, they ran out of our regular room and upgraded us to a 1 bedroom terrace.  We called for extra towels and the service was quick, efficient, and friendly.  The hotel had a decent selection of eateries from fast food (pizza) to fancy dining.  Additionally, it seems that they have loose slots, because 3 of us were killing time on the penny slots and we all won.  My friend turned her $10 into $200 within a half hour!!. . Their club Marquee gets packed per usual.  Overall, I can't complain about anything and had a great time in Sin City.
Everything was perfect.  I never say that... super high tech rooms, lush and functional.  Room was cool when I came in, controlled electronically, even the alarm clock turned on the TV and played satellite radio in perfect stereo.  Balcony was a nice surprise.  The conference space, banquet staff and audio/video people were excellent too.. . Lastly, the bar and restaurants went above and beyond with quality and service, from the STK steak to the simple sliders or Drink orders... Fantastic.  The Overlook has wonderful breakfast.  And all pool bar staff were friendly and conversational.. . I can't imagine going to any other hotel and I've stayed at most in LV.. . Oh, and their cigars are reasonably priced...even the girl walking around selling them knew all about the selections (she even smokes cigars!)... WOW!
Good heavens, quite possibly one of the most fun hotels I've ever had the pleasure of staying in.  Arrival in to the lobby sets the scene for what is to come - glitz, sleek glamour and continuous surprise.. . The rooms are generously sized with ridiculously comfortable beds, large bathrooms (with an abundance of fluffy towels and good quality amenities) and a good desk (as if you're really going to work while in Vegas).. . There's lots of restaurants and bars to discover (I especially liked The Vesper bar and Secret Pizza) and of course more slot machines and gaming tables than you could ever possibly need, but what I loved the most about this hotel was the Art.  It's scattered everywhere, from edgy photographs, weird Avatar like statues and small converted cigarette machines that dispense little pieces of art at $5 a pop. I highly recommend roaming the business and convention room floors to check out some really interesting pieces.
Swanky, gorgeous and expensive!! Bring your bank book even to buy clothes! Makes Bellagio look old and worn...which it is!
It's a nifty place!  I like the vibe, the attention to detail.  The pink chandeliers and excessive crystal are great accents.  I didn't stay here but I did wander about and ate here.
I love walking through this hotel and taking in the sights.  It's beautiful and makes me feel like Miss Fancypants.  I've never actually stayed at this hotel, but I've spent some time in it.  I really love the atmosphere and the beautiful Swarovski crystals.  One of my favorite spots to visit in Las Vegas.
I think the Cosmopolitan has been open for a little more than a year now. Went there on my recent trip and was very impressed. First of all, I want to note the really modern feel of this property. There are many neat things throughout place and modern works of contemporary art. The casino is large and well laid out. They have all the popular slots for those who enjoy that type of thing and for us table game players, lots of card and craps tables! Restaurants? They've got tons of great restaurants and The Wicked Spoon Buffet is here! . .  For all of us Vegas veterans, we all know the value of a player's card. The Cosmopolitan is one of the few places that will give you points for all of your purchases on the property. This alone should be a good reason for choosing to stay here! It sure made a big impression on me..
This year old Casino in Las Vegas is light years ahead of the competition, every aspect of the casino/hotel is state of the art. From the lobby with the 40 ft high LED pillars, to the 4 pools, to the spacious suites that over look the Strip, you can't go wrong with this Casino. Only thing that I would improve about this place is the size of the actual Casino itself as it's not that big, and I would improve my luck the last time I sat down @ the blackjack tables there, ouch, talk about a beating!
I stayed here 3 nights, Thursday through Sunday and had a great time. I got a good suite with a view to the Bellagio fountain and Las Vegas Boulevard. The room was very clean and elegant. One almost wants to keep the party there.  It's great for single people. The hotel has 3-4 lounges to enjoy if you're not into the club scene. Many attractive young women show up but they do tend to go more to the dance club which can be hard to get in and not necessarily worthwhile. The whole of Las Vegas is more about clubs though.  Drinks were not too expensive, or at least comparable to the bay area. My scotch was $11, about the same as other places here. It had a several restaurants, although a few can be expensive at $40-$50 a plate. The hotel is conveniently located at mid strip and has several stores within walking distance. The hotel has 2 pools, one with an excellent view to the strip. It is more of a hangout pool than to do any actual swimming but still great to enjoy. As a bonus, you also get Marriott rewards points.
Why hello beautiful.  How's it feel to take the "favorite hotel" title away from Aria?. . Just from passing through Cosmo on my previous trips to Vegas, I've been pretty fond of the place.  Their location is fantastic (between the Bellagio and Aria/City Center, and across the street from PH and Paris), and the design and decor are pretty awesome (particularly the "changing art" in the elevators and lobby).  And while they aren't as large as other hotels on the strip, they have a ton to offer - the latest hot spot in Vegas (Marquee), restaurants galore (Holsteins!), a three level bar (The Chandelier), late night eats (Secret Pizza), shops (Kid Robot!) and my favorite buffet (Wicked Spoon!).  Despite all that though, it was my stay at Cosmo that impressed me the most.. . While my friends and I have always wanted to try out the Cosmopolitan, their room rates have always pushed us towards cheaper alternatives.  As fate would have it though, a couple of my friends were able to find a great deal online for the weekend we were going - only $140 a night!  However, with suites going for just $20 more a night, I decided to upgrade myself.  Yes, you read that right - a suite just for myself...and it was the BEST.  DECISION.  EVER.  The suite was ridiculously nice - king size bed (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=q5V5Gp8j2gKI67Tsn1CU5w), separate "living room" area (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=3LtdG6s3yKaRruPsy1sqbA), kitchenette (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=eUnijzgD54vUz7BhZANnJw), walkout balcony (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=3n1FgIqv2yDFrDpYLob72w), two flat screen TV's, separate tub and shower (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=svlV_W_Z81nArE3oubllCg), dual sinks(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=5lxiFXsbbJxtzeZ63l9a0w)...way more than I actually need from a hotel room.  And it was awesome! . . Even though my stay was great, their service made it that much better - every worker I talked to (front desk, maids, dealers, pit bosses, Beck and Call guys, bell hops) was super nice and friendly.  Cosmo offers so much to love and so little to dislike, I could only come up with one bad thing about them - now that I've spoiled myself with one of their suites, I don't know how I'm going to be able to go back to a regular room.. . Crud.. . **Quick notes:. - On Friday nights, guys staying at Cosmo can get into Marquee free until 11:00pm, provided they have a 1:1 ratio.. - There are two towers - East is closer to the main part of the casino while West is closer to the front desk/Wicked Spoon.  My friend had the same suite as I did in the East Tower, but his room seemed smaller.  Not sure if that's the case for every room or not though.
This hotel is absolutely beautiful.  I didn't get to spend much time here as I was only in Vegas for 18 hours but when I come back I will be staying here again.. . To be completely honest, I can't really remember much but I do recall the gorgeous chandelier when you walk in.  Also, when I woke up I remember the pillows and sheets being super comfy and soft.  The room was very nice, I'm certain of it.
Gorgeous hotel! Very sexy and trendy. The majority of the people staying in the hotel are beautiful! The little touches make it one of my top hotels to stay at. They print the name of the guest who the room is registered to on the hotel key. Make sure you keep yours. ;-)
Absolutely beautiful hotel. Stayed there for my boyfriends birthday weekend and we fell in love as soon as we walked through the door. The people working there are very friendly and you are definitely getting the 5 star treatment. The hotel has a huge chandellier in the middle and lots of restaraunts. I could go on and on about what this hotel offers but you'll just have to see for yourself. We didn't even want to leave our room.  We had a one bedroom terrace on the eastside tower on the 58th floor. The view on the balcony is gorgeous and the room is exceptional from the two flat screens to the living room and our favorite part, the bathroom. The tub was deep with two seats so my 6'2 boyfriend could fit comfortably. And the water was so smooth. It was really pricey but I promise you it is worth it. This hotel has three different pool areas and they are amazing. I will definitely make this my go to hotel whenever I am in Vegas.
Stayed at The Cosmopolitan this year for my birthday. First time actually getting a suite but not being at the hotel as Marquee Day and Nightclub is located inside. Checked in with no problems which was amazing because we didn't make reservations and we drove all night from LA. They checked us in at 8:30 on a Friday, I was thrilled. . . The hotel is super chic and beautiful and at night its filled with beautiful people. The room itself was very large and with a huge balcony. State of the art technology on all of the electronics. (loved the phones!) . . We went to all the pools. All of them different and all of them were fun. Our servers at the pool were great too.. . I really have no complaints about my stay. We were treated extremely well by the staff. The hotel is gorgeous. Everything went  smooth in regards to our stay which is almost surprising considering we decided to leave only a few hours prior.
SEX, SEX, and more SEX. That's literally what I thought when I walked in and you see these huge modern columns streaming videos of half naked women. It seems that they are whispering...welcome to sin city. I kid you not!. . This place is modern, upscale, gorgeous, and very chic. Usually when I go on vacation, the last place I want to stay in is the room/hotel but this place is the exact opposite. . . The lounge itself has beautiful chandeliers even the front desk is setup similar to a lounge. Everyone is dressed to impress. The service is top notch. . . I would say for the most part, people keep it classy here but it is Vegas. On my arrival, I saw a man being wheeled in on a wheelchair because he was that drunk. In the elevator, I do remember a couple trying to hid...well not so much hid, but they lost their hotel key and didn't have anywhere else to go and a random stranger thanked me for getting on the elevator because as he said..."it was getting a bit awkward.". . Marquee: The Cosmo's club/lounge is called the Marquee and it was a blast. The entrance was a bit weird. You have to come down on an elevator and the host greets you like you are in an amusement park...telling you how big it is, how exclusive, and to "prepare for the experience.". . I forget the name of the buffet but it was excellent as well. Vegas is known for their buffets andI would definitely eat here again.. . If you want to enjoy the day party, I would definitely make reservations at least a day in advance.. . There is so much to say about Vegas...I could write a novel, but I won't. I would say if you can afford it, the Cosmo is a great place to stay. Especially with the location! It is right between the Bellagio and Aria/City Center and across the street from Planet Hollywood and Paris.
Beautiful & elegant!  Best drink of my whole trip was Jeffrey's cosmopolitan martini at The Chandelier bar, you will be one happy (and perhaps TIPSY) camper!  Remember, prices in Vegas run higher anyway, so....
Being on the strip for only less than a couple of years I have to give credit where credit is due to the new casino in town. This fellas is a casino to go to if your in a relationship or trying to impress a lady. To the decor to the layout, shops and stores, this place takes the cake on being a modern wonder casino. Koi on the 3rd floor is a hidden gem for out door pools onlooking the whole Vegas strip. Wicked Spoon is probably one of the best buffet I ever had in my life and its' uniqueness will blow you away.. . dp
this update is long overdue, but i am honestly glad i am finally getting around to it because i really feel that i have to give props to the cosmopolitan and their staff for numerous great experiences.  This review will finally be a complete review including rooms since i finally stayed here. . Valet:. excellent.  we drove in, had a guy show us where to pull up, instantly had us a ticket and had a bell hop getting our stuff off.  gave us some pointers on stuff to do until we could check in since we got to the hotel at about 10am and check in wasn't until 3pm.  never had a problem with them between the transfer of our bags, car, or anything. . Check in:. i have to say, this is where i was very very impressed.  we came back to check in after eating around 12pm and figured me might as well try to get into the room.  they let us check in early without early check in fees which was very cool.  we ended up upgrading from our city room to a suite.  i originally wanted the terrace suite but they gave us the upgrade to a terrace studio and comp'd extra upgrade cost for a fountain view which was very cool.  well we got up to the room on the 34th floor, and it was smaller than the room i was wanting (the terrace suite is about 940 square feet, the studio is about 610 square feet).  within being in the room for no more than 5 minutes the lady at the check in desk called up to the room and said she wasn't sure if we got the correct room (the one i wanted) so i told her i didn't think so and she told me to come back down to the check in.  at this time there was already a line building up at check in, but she had me come straight to her without waiting in line and then upgraded us to the terrace suite for free which gave us a bigger room, better view, and put us 14 floors higher.  very good customer service, followed by her giving me a number directly to her for if we needed anything else.  they even comp'd us a roll away bed that is normally $30 + taxes a night.  Excellent service. . The room:. very spacious, but the hallway from the door to the living room was a little odd.  we had 2 seperate bathroom both with showers and everything.  there was a master bathroom attached to the bedroom part that also had a large jacuzzi tub and was a little nicer than the living room/hallway bathroom.  2 seperate sliding glass doors to the balcony which overlooked the bellagio fountains and down the strip, it was truly a fantastic view, and we were higher than the top of the bellagio (see my pictures).  The balcony was honestly one of the biggest selling points of the room and it was very nice to have and be able to stand outside before clubbing to get some fresh air and prep for the night, or to have a couple drinks as the night wound down.  the bed was very comfortable, and there was plenty space for the 4 of us staying in the room, however since there is only 1 bed and the roll away is pretty small, sleeping more than 4 might be a little tough unless people are fine sleeping on the floor.  *there is no pull out from the sofa in this room* so keep that in mind.  there was a full kitchen which was nice just to have the double freezer to put all our alcohol in, and the fridge to put our other stuff in.  but be careful, there are drinks on pressure plates in the fridge so make sure you don't bump them or else you might get charged, along with the pressure plates on the counter.  we had no problems with charges to the room here unlike aria the nights before.. . Casino:. as in my older review for the hotel, the casino is amazing.  always looks good, always good people walking by to look at, and i actually win money here every now and then.  The cocktail waitresses are excellent and are ontop of bringing drinks and making sure you have a drink (in 45 minutes at the casino, i got 5 drinks).  the staff at the tables are also very nice and helpful when you are watching or gambling. . restaurants:. some great places to eat here.  i love wicked spoon buffet and have been there a handful of times as it is probably my favorite buffet in vegas (still have to try wynn though).  Holsteins was excellent as well (read my review for there also), along with secret pizza (also read my review).  the only place here i don't care for for food is china poblano (read my review).. . Players card:. it is a very good idea to grab a players card for here because anything you buy earns you points.  our meal at holsteins got us points, our pizza from secret pizza got us points, even drinks and money you spend at marquee will get you points.  either present your card, or just save your receipts and take them to an identity players card desk and they will credit you the points.  very cool and helps you get stuff faster which is always a plus. . Check out:. check out was amazing.  in line people in ipads came up, pulled up charges, and if it was ok, then you could check out with them and leave.  super easy and fast to do. . overall, excellent place and will be my new go to place
Posh, comfortable, where it's at!. . Had a single night's stay last Black Friday for after the Morrissey concert.  Always spend a good amount of time at the Cosmo gaming and drinking each LV visit but this was the time I splurged to stay. Very nice appointments, contemporary styling. Central remote controls  TV, lights etc. (you may want to turn off the desk lamp under the TV as it may hamper the remote signal.). . Nice big shower stall - the window with a blind built in is a little peculiar. I would think most folks would want to get into the shower with their partner than watch them through a window :-). . Check-in tip: The lines can get a little long but if you have no special needs there is a couple of kiosks opposite the check-in desk by the valet/bell hop stand where you can swipe your credit card and be given room keys in a flash.
This hotel deserves all the hype it receives  - it's amazing!. . Super chic, i love the purple, silver, and black color theme they have going on. We did the $20 trick and we were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite that had a HUGE living room, comfortable couch and we were even comped with a roll away bed. The Wicked Spoon buffet is my new favorite buffet in Vegas... their desserts are to die for. I think all of us had about 3 slices of the strawberry shortcake and the gelato was also top notch.. . The main reason why I would recommend this hotel because they were so accommodating and do everything possible to ensure you had a great stay. We had a little mishap with the tub, it overflowed, and didn't realize the bathroom and bedroom are wide OPEN. While someone takes a bath someone can open the blinds from the bedroom and watch them, I guess it's supposed to be sexy but in our case the water overflowed into the bedroom, onto our luggage and left a GIGANTIC wet spot on the hotel floor. Had to call front desk and they sent a huge fan to blow it out for a few hours. When we checked out we were charged $500 in damages, but our lovely lady who checked us in was able to help us out and wrote notes down about the incident. She comped us $50 in credit and the charges were dropped.. . The casino surprisingly treats you well, we came out winning a little bit of money and when can you really say that? Love this hotel :)
as soon as you walk inside, you see this giant chandelier....WOW. i came here last year for The Strokes concert and i had a ball. The Chelsea is a superb venue to watch a show. Beer is pricy and I didn't stay at a hotel here but I here they're badass : )
Definitely the happening place to be in Vegas. Marquee their night club was rated number one in the country. It's worth the money.  My friend left $50 in the bed and the maid came back to our room to tell us where she had left the money b/c she found it in the bed.  Which was a super sweet thing to do. . . If you are fat don't sit in the big shoes they have strategically placed around the hotel and take pix in them. They do break and it's not a pretty sight.. . Also, Vegas is not a place for kids at least not if you are staying at one of the larger hotels. There's debauchery everywhere so keep that in mind.
I didn't stay here, but I wanted to after walking through it, staring at the screens and gawking at the people, finding the Secret Pizza place, having shakes and burgers at Holsteins, and generally, falling in love with the Cosmpolitan!  Loved seeing it for an hour, have to stay here for real.
Sighhhh I wish I could stay here every time. Such a fab home for 3 days. We had a terrace 1-bedroom room, complete with a huge "living room" area & kitchenette. It totally catered to girls' needs -- gigantic bathroom, mirrors everywhere, ample closet space. The hotel in general is gorgeous. Damask print & funky chandeliers galore.. . Staff is also super sweet & on it. There were 5 of us in one room, & there weren't enough towels. Called house keeping & they gave us SUPER warm blankets+pillows without us asking. . . I wish we had time to relax, explore the hotel, & take advantage of the pools more. We were actually on a schedule, so any downtime was spent sleeping or getting ready. But that's okay... next time ;) I'll definitely be back.
This hotel is every girls dream house. Pink, sparkling and full of delicious cocktails! I stayed here for my BFF's birthday weekend, and it couldn't of been better. The rooms were plush, with amazing views of the Bellagio fountains. There were pools for every type of experience you were looking for, and the location was right in the heart of it all. Next time I visit Vegas, The Cosmopolitan will be on the top of my list.
I tend to stay in downtown most of the time, so coming to the strip is an experience in how the other half lives. The half that reside at the Cosmopolitan are lucky sons of bitches. . . I LOVED this hotel. LOVE LOVE LOVED. It's so pretty and kitschy and I'm sure some people who are used to the finer things aren't impressed, but I totally was. I'm used to dingy ass, smoke-filled casinos full of old people, so this hotel made me feel like a slack-jawed yokel in a big city. Everyone there was so attractive. I'm super not-gay, but my gosh, the chicks walking around were total babes. The Cosmopolitan makes me want to spend all my money on my appearance so I can mix into that crowd with ease (funny, the magazine of the same name has also made me wish for this). . . We got cocktails at the Chandelier bar, and they were outstanding. One of them came with orange marmalade and maple syrup foam? WTFFFF? I like food and booze too much to not be insanely impressed. I could go on forever, but you get the point, right? Worth checking out.
By far the best hotel on the strip. Balconies for the men or smokers to light up cigars or whatever. Its a hip atmosphere with a smaller casino and shopping area. They some of the best food and best pools. Tons of areas where you can get away from the crowd. Its super close to the airport ( we paid $13 for a cab ride without traffic of course) and its right in the center so you can go either direction without traveling or paying too much. The rooms are huge and new compared to to other hotels. They have a mini kitchen sink to wash out your drinking vessels for the day. They will also check you in early and give you a key then text you when the room is ready. No waiting in line again for the key. Ive stayed here 6 times and cant wait for the 7th.
I love this hotel and its the most hippist funnest hotel on the strip.  The tables are lose and the clubs are awesome.
nothing bad can be said
We stayed here for our Honeymoon getaway last year and had such an amazing time, we came back for our anniversary.. . We both have never had an experience that was so nice, luxurious and amazing like we have at the Cosmopoiltan. For our honeymoon they upgraded us for no extra charge to the Terrace Suite with a view of the Bellagio fountain just outside our terrace. The room was clean, very roomy with nice furniture, a huge open shower, a Japanese Soaking Tub (which you can look out through the terrace and see the Bellagio fountains from!), a big comfy bed and two big flat screens (one in the living room and one in the bedroom) You can control the climate, lighting of each room, make appointments, check out and do so much more-all with the TV and the remote! Room service was quick! We had a light bulb out in the bathroom and it was fixed in less than 5 minutes from the time I called! The terrace was comfortable with a small couch and an awesome never-before seen (to us) aerial view of the fountains.. . The overall look inside the entire hotel is very new and modern with flat screens everywhere, built in to columns, inside the elevators with unique art shows playing on them. There are pieces of art all over as well and the attention to detail is extremely high. The Casino doesn't reek of cigarette smoke as do the other casinos that we have been through. You can't miss the extravagant Chandelier Bar that is just something you have to see for yourself. The restaurants (at least all the ones we have dined at) are all top-notch with the highest quality and creativity that is worth the reasonably high prices that you pay. . . The service from all the employees from the front desk, bell desk, room service, valet to the bartenders are all best that you can expect from such a nice, upscale hotel. The service always seems personalized to us. It really gives you a feeling of luxury.. . We've used two of the three pools (The Boulevard and the Bamboo,) and both were relaxing and quiet - it wasn't all Spring Break up in there, which suits our laid back personalities best. . . My wife treated us both to a couples massage in the Sahra Spa and it was a luxurious experience all by itself. The staff made it very personalized just for us. We both got massages that custom to what our needs were at the moment and my wife got the prenatal massage and I got one that focused on what I needed work on. It was very relaxing and was very nice to be in the same room together.. . On our stay for our anniversary, we checke!d in around 3pm and our room wasn't going to be ready for another 2 hours! It was Sunday and everyone was leaving so we were just going to wait. They then offered us an upgrade to the Wrap-Around Terrace Suite for a generous price since we had to wait so long. We decided to go along and try it out. The room has all the amenities and features that our room the year before had and then some! First of all, the room is HUGE inside with a laundry room,a full kitchen with a stove, two seperate bathrooms and showers, a big bath tub. When you step out onto the terrace, the amount of area that you can see is just breathtaking! The room was bigger than we could have utilized but it was our honeymoon and it was worth upgrading!. . Both our our stays here have been just amazing. This is our home in Las Vegas and we could not imagine staying anywhere else.
Stayed three nights at the suite, and had a great experience!  The room was very modern, chic, very roomy, a huge shower, and a very deep soaking tub.  We truly relaxed and enjoyed.  Very different from any other Las Vegas hotels, we did not go through casino in order to check in.  That was very PLUS, because I hate smoking smell.  The hotel's swimming pools were very nice, but it was closed at 8pm.  That's OK, and we can enjoyed our night life! I will definitely BACK!!!
I stayed in a Terrace One Bedroom for five nights in March 2012. There are a few reasons why this isn't the place for me but I still have to give it five stars. . . It was fairly busy upon arrival and the check in lines were long but went fairly quick. Our check in clerk was really friendly but professional. He did however accept my $20 tip and I was upgraded from the standard Terrace One Bedroom to the same room but on the 28th floor overlooking the fountains (a ~$40 a night upgrade on their website). This made me HAPPY.. . The room was immaculate. Classy and actually had its own style other than the generic modern style that MGM properties all have now and many other casinos are copying. I liked the blue instead of all the drab earth tones. Flat screen tv with lots of channels that were actually in HD! . . The bed. JFC this is the most comfortable bed in the world. No matter which way I plopped down on it I never moved. It was supremely comfortable. I would wake up in the exact same spot I fell asleep in, never having moved. . . The balconies are just awesome. I smoke and my girlfriend doesn't, we had the best of both worlds. The view of the Bellagio fountain and the strip is beyond incredible. Really makes you feel like a baller. And it should for upwards of two hundred bucks a night! . . The bathrooms are pretty awesome too but having to walk through the shower area to get to the tub is kind of odd. The tub is a good size for two people though and there is a window that provides the same view as your balcony. Great place to sit and relax after walking four thousand miles up and down the strip all day.. . I'm still giving five stars but there were some negatives. Most are just my personal opinions and preferences. You definitely may feel differently. . . The entire casino/clubs/bars and everything in here, including the people, are just a little too damn cool for me. I feel like I'm in the middle of a modeling convention or something. Its just too much for me. If you are super cool and trendy then you will probably love it. I wear basketball shorts every day. I felt out of place.. . Everything is ridiculously expensive. They gotta pay for it somehow. $14 drinks are the norm. Can I just get a $5 whiskey and coke somewhere please? I realize its Vegas but a happy hour or something would be nice. . . The only restaurant I ate at was China Poblano. I was under the impression it was the type of place I could just pop in for a quick taco. They looked at me like I had two heads and the whole experience was really awkward. My $6 two-bite taco was not good at all. Like really not good. Greasy and gross. Tortilla sucked.. . All in all this place is awesome. I would definitely stay here again because of the rooms/beds and especially the balcony. I would spend even less of my time in the casino or at the bars though. Its just not for me.
I've been to Las Vegas a handful of times, and, to date, the Cosmopolitan is probably my favorite hotel that I've stayed in! The decor of this hotel is just so elegant and feminine in the lobby and in the hotel rooms. I love the huge Chandelier Bar in the middle. Marquee is probably my favorite club in Las Vegas too- and it's great to just stumble up to your room when after it's time to leave! They have great restaurants like China Poblano and the Overlook Grill for more casual dining if you don't want to go overboard on the meals. Room service was awesome, even the bell hop that grabbed our bags was great! Definitely a hotel for young 20-somethings (like myself)!. . Oh! And (as random as it is) I loved the toiletries that are in the hotel rooms! The Cosmo uses tiny C.O. Bigelow products, which makes some of my favorite lotions and scents. It was great to get some of my favorite products in travel size!. . Don't forget about their secret pizza shop! It's fabulous because it looks like an arcade from the other end of the hallway, but it's a great little pizza shop with the easiest drink selection you'll ever make! (Do you want red or white wine?)
John MacFarlane from concierge was extremely helpful, if you need anything ask for him! I needed a giftcard for my stepmom out in las Vegas,and even though I'm here in Chicago he helped me through all of it! What a great guy! Plus they have an amazing cosmopolitan!
Vegas seems like our second home...I love this hotel.  Customer service to me and my husband is always A+.   There was one time we got a room with very loud AC, but they took care of it and the AC did not make anymore loud noise. I love the parking area because they have green and red lights letting you know there is a parking spot available.  The hotel is right next to Bellagio which is basically the prime location for everything.  The rooms with balcony is fantastic, always a great view of the strip or even the water show at the Bellagio.  Gambling is OK, I don't gamble much so I really don't know.  The Chandelier is GORGEOUS, great place to take pictures!
The entire experience was amazing.  The room was definitely hands down the best I've ever had the pleasure of staying in.  The view was amazing.  The shops, restaurants, and atmosphere were worth the price alone.  Staff was helpful in everything we needed.  And you cannot go wrong with the Identity Membership.  Will definitely repeat next time I'm in Las Vegas...
My favorite hotel in Vegas! Enjoyed and loved our stay here, staff was super friendly all around anytime of day, going out of their way to please us.. . Beautiful. . Elegant. . First Class Customer Service. . When we left the hotel, our car and bags came up at exactly the same time, what great coordination!. . I don't understand all these other negative comments, what do you expect when its VEGAS and there are a ba-jillion other people demanding everything at the same time. Give them a break, the do a pretty good job. I'll def stay here again!
The Cosmopolitan is one of the most modern and amazing casinos on the strip. Definitely great for the younger crowd. I liked that they actually had some Spanish 21 tables and of course they have a great club and an absolutely AMAZING buffet called Wicked Spoon! (see my other review for its greatness!)
Stayed there from 6/17-6/19 .... . Had  1 room suite with fountain/paris view balcony with my bf.... . To make a long review short.... . 1 word ... . PERFFFFFFECT!!!!
I love you Cosmo.  For the hotel that you want to be and the hotel that you almost are!  I love you and I don't care what anyone thinks.  There is something so sexy about this place.  I have stayed here four times now, and tried out several different rooms, all of which were amazing.  I've dined at most of the restaurants (which are reviewed separately), but on the most recent occasion, I splurged on an amazing wraparound terrace suite for my friend's bachelorette party.  I say splurge, but really I got an amazing deal straight off of Cosmo's website.  If you can afford it, YES IT IS WORTH IT!  Just the balcony itself was out of this world and totally worth the extra $$ to upgrade the view.. . There is something about the casino floor itself that I do not enjoy.  I think it is the low ceilings.  But since I am not a gambler, I am content to hang out at the Vespar bar or Chandelier both of which are ultra cool. When this place first opened in December of 2010, I knew it was only a matter of time before people grew tired of the latest offering.  Then I went here and realized that Cosmo's appeal is long-lasting.  With such unique bar and food offerings, free concerts at Book & Stage and free concerts and movies at the pool, this place is just as fun for locals as it is for out-of-towners.  I mean it.  I really do love you Cosmo.
After staying here on Memorial Day weekend I will never stay at any other hotel other than the Cosmo!!!  There is not need to stay at any other hotel.  This place is a party in itself!  All the hottest chicks are located here!!. Our suite was awesome and had a great view facing the Bellagio fountain and over looking the strip.  The hotel staff was great and provided the best customer service one can receive!!  This is a must for party goers!!!. . Also if you're into pizza, do checkout their secret pizza joint on the third floor in the east tower. It is adjacent to the blue ribbon sushi bar grill.  It is the best NY style pizza.
I'm not a hotel snob, but I can definitely see myself being one in Vegas after staying at the Cosmo.  I'm usually the travel on a budget kind of guy, so this was a little indulgent, but I was dying to stay here and I was super duper impressed.. . Now, a parking garage is usually not that interesting.  Leave it to the Cosmo to win your affections with trendy wall art by Obey and parking spot indicators to let you know open spaces available.  If there is a red light over the spot- it's taken, green of course means, go.  No more circling the lot hoping to find the closest opening like an idiot.  Unless you're colorblind, this was a genius idea.. . From the moment you walk into the hotel, you know this is going to be an experience unlike anything else.  First, the air is not stale and smokey.  Instead, it smells fresh and clean and you don't feel like your suffocating in a chain-smoking old lady's car.  That not enough?  Visual displays line the walls with cool artwork and the furniture looks as if you're in a loungey nightclub versus a hotel.  Just speculation, but this could be one of the main reasons why the demographic of the patrons seems to skew younger.  Not rowdy fraternity type, but more like younger businesslike professionals.. . A nice hotel room to me is the Monte Carlo, so this was a huge upgrade.  We got a Terrace Suite and OMG.   A living area, a bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and walk in shower with seating, flatscreen televisions in your living room and bedroom, a plush micro-fiber L-shaped couch, a full work area, half kitchen, a private balcony overlooking the strip and a bed that felt like clouds.  It took every ounce in my being to not leave the room during the stay.. . If you're the clubby type, they have Marquee, a popular Vegas hotspot right on premises.  During the day, the pool definitely fills up as top-40 gets blasted over the speakers.  We didn't get a chance to try it, but the Cosmo's buffet, Wicked Spoon,  is supposed to be one of the best in Vegas.  I will definitely have to check it out upon my next visit!. . I highly recommend this hotel.  We found decent rates during the week by booking through their website.
Dear Cosmopolitan,. . You are oh so gorgeous and talk about a sight for sore eyes. I love the cute little shoe in your foyer. I love the large multichromatic chandlier ball right above the escalator. I love the gorgeous pink chandlier canopy over the raised bar/lounge/restaurant. Hot as ballz outside, you offer a cool setting to chill at. Also love the fact that you're right next to Aria and Crystals shopping center, where anyone can purchase their favorite designer goodies from Emilio Pucci to Louis Vuitton. You have so many photo ops, its hard to leave.. . XOXO, your fan.
I've stayed at this hotel 3 times and I am never disapointed. The last time I stayed here, we had a room on the 60th floor (away from the loud beat of the club). The room has a Japanese soaking tub which is really relaxing.. . The decor is gorgeous, very swanky and boutique hotel-like. I love that there are chandeliers everywhere. This place is a lot of fun if you like to people watch too...lots of interesting characters.
Among gambling buffs, the Cosmo has a reputation of being more resort than casino, catering to well-heeled fools who don't know or don't care about statistical advantage.  Single/double-deck blackjack here pays only 6-to-5 on blackjack, but that seems to be fairly prevalent in Vegas these days.  Somebody commented after my trip that this was supposedly where the beautiful people went, at which I chuckled awkwardly in response and secretly congratulated myself for surviving a week in disguise.  I certainly won't complain about the human shrubbery (er... I mean, scenery), but it didn't strike me as more beautifully peopled than other comparable resorts in Vegas, maybe more monied.. . The abstract:  I stayed here for nearly a week and had a great time:  it is a very nice base camp in Vegas.  I came here to celebrate my brother's birthday and stayed a few more days with a friend.  It was kind of a personal challenge to see if I could endure a week in Vegas.  I not only survived but ended up having a great time.  Yes, I came to Vegas to relax.  Yes, I challenged myself to relax in Vegas.  Yes, I am a strange one.. . At first I was not super impressed:  I was surprised by some minor wear and tear (small carpet stains or furniture wear) in my Terrace Suite -- which is why I am docking a star, but that's being quite picky and partly due to a personal resolution to not become Five-Star Man.  But over the course of the week, I really came to appreciate the hotel (it is beautiful), the room (brunch on a balcony overlooking the Bellagio is great a way to relax), the spa, and the little clothing boutiques (I normally avoid shopping but found some time to get fitted).. . Good:  cool bars within the casino (Bond and Chandelier are my picks), beautiful spa with excellent masseuse pairing (female, strong hands, pleasant looking enough to touch my body but no chance of attraction), good people watching, clothing boutiques are nice (I liked Stitched and All Saints), good customer service, great views of the Bellagio fountain, walking distance to convenience stores like Walgreens for basics.. . Annoying:  at a high-end hotel, I was surprised to be charged $15 for Internet access for 2 devices every 24 hours.  I was surprised to be charged by the hour for use of the tennis courts.  Feels "off" to be nickle-and-dimed when you are already paying a premium at a "resort" that advertises these amenities.. . Tips:  dressier than most other casinos on the strip.  Bond is a cool bar and had a Vegas DJ that actually knew how to mix (!!!), playing non-crap house music (!!!).  Chandelier has a nice custom cocktail selection.  Pool areas seem on the smaller side.  Get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountain.  If you are a regular or plan to be one, MGM Resorts seems to have a better loyalty program, but the Cosmo's open balconies are unique and hard to beat if you like having a nice room to chill out.
I'm left speechless. . . I wanted a VIP weekend for a very special occasion, and that's exactly what the fine folks at the Cosmopolitan delivered - and more.. . If you are looking for a hotel that delivers the glitz and youthful glam of Vegas coupled with impressive VIP service, the Cosmopolitan is an excellent choice. I had reserved a two bedroom suite (not on the website, you have to call reservations to inquire) for a small private party I wanted to host.. . Prior to my arrival. All my reception catering questions were answered promptly (the same business day).. . Days before my trip, I received a courtesy phone call to see if there was anything I needed for my trip to their property. . . Upon arrival . Check-in was fast. Even better they upgraded me to a Bungalow suite - since there was some availability. Wow. Can you say beautifully appointed, 3-story (2,400 sq ft) suite, with private jacuzzi on the roof, overlooking the Marquis on one side and with a view of the Bellagio fountains on the other side? Ridiculous.. . From there it just got better, the champagne that my co-workers sent ahead of time, was chilled and waiting in the room for us. The hotel figured out I like tequila and had a complimentary bottle of Patron waiting in the room. When they learned my preference was Don Julio 1942, they swapped out the Patron without batting an eyelash. (no, I didn't scoff at the Patron.). . Their butler service was on point and attentive the entire weekend. . . Catering was 100x better than I expected. I was reluctant to have them cater the party at first, especially since there are so many awesome restaurants in LV. But I was plesantly surprised. Blame it on the al-al-alcohol?! I think not. My friends came up to me to tell me how much they enjoyed the food too. . . Room audio hook ups. BUMP-IN! I just docked my iphone, turned on the spotify and we were good to go.. . Casino. Beautifully decorated, amazing complimentary cocktails if you're playing, and friendly dealers. . . I've never done Vegas like this. It was pricey to be sure. But for me, it was a once in a lifetime kind of party, and it was worth every penny!. . Big thanks to the entire VIP services team (especially Bill and Marcus), for making that weekend one that I'll never forget.
Awesome, I do recommend
Loved this hotel. The Terrace bedroom was awesome. I regret not upgrading to a fountain view with the $20 trick. Next time I would actually bring stuff to microwave. I wished the fridge had more spacefor personal use rather then all the over priced stuff they have in there. The shower could use a bit more power but the space was great.. . The only thing during my stay was that I didn't have a "do not disturb" sign so everyday at 9am housekeeping would try to come in.
Wow, the party is definitely permanently parked here.. . From my room, I could hear security knocking on the door in the next room: "Security! Security! We are coming in now!" Ten minutes later security returned: "Security! Security! We are concerned for your safety." A reluctant young woman said, "Okay, I guess, I'll leave.". . The room downstairs had guys calling out "puma" over and over. Another neighboring room had cheers of "whoop! Whoop!" Two girls in pajamas were desperately banging on a door. When I asked, if they got locked out, they smirked happily.. . As soon as you step into the public areas of the casino, there are hot girls in the most amazing outfits everywhere. The Marquee club is mind blowing. This is the place to party. Sleep whenever. Get up whenever. If it's daylight, party at the pool. If the sun's down, party at the club. Anytime, hangout in the chandelier bar or casino area and have a good time with people.. . About the room specifically, it was a little disappointing compared to the other top notch Vegas hotels. They usually have super special bathrooms. The Cosmo didn't have a tub, so sad. The shower pressure was weakish. However, the shower had a floor to ceiling window to the bed room with adjustable drapes. Now, how kinky is that!. . If you are young, social, and want a good time, then this place rocks. If my parents were going to Vegas, I'd send them to Encore or Wynn.. . Random note, I ran in onto house keeping upon coming back to the room. Wow, I have never seen that hot of a house keeper. She had sexy hair cut. She put the front of the house staff to shame!
This is my spot people's! I love the Cosmopolitan, I love their rooms, their service, their bars, the food, the pools, the atmosphere, darned near pretty much everything about this place. . . The rooms are beautiful, I love the balcony and being able to sit out there while the sun rises, listening the curious sounds of Vegas the morning after. There's a faint roar that comes from the highway, a breeze and clicking of heels on the ground below as girls quietly head home after a long night of partying.. . From check-in to check-out, the staff at the Cosmo make me feel like I am da bomb! They are always eager to help out, ask me if I need anything, even remember my name most of the time!. . You can't talk about the Cosmo without talking about the numerous bars here. My favorite, hands down, is the Vesper bar, located right beside the checkc-in area, and my bartender (yes, he's mine) Roger, is the jovial mad scientist who makes my drinks. . . There are several amazing restaurants in the Cosmopolitan, China Poblano, DOCG, Comme Ca, Jaleo, and e (oh, that was good), but you don't need to spend an arm and a leg here, the Wicked Spoon buffet is by far one of the best buffets in Vegas (though I still love brunch at Bellagio) and the hidden pizza joint is pretty freakin' awesome (order your pizza on your in room TV, then go pick it up when it is ready!).. . This last trip I spent most of my time by the Bamboo pool, known as the "quieter" pool, with a few kids running around, but mostly couples, lazing in the sun and bouncing around in the water. There are several areas of that pool where you can find a little shade, and even some overhead fans. . . The casino here is rather small, and personally, aside from a fewspins on a couple of penny slots, I don't spend much time on the floor. The cool thing here is that even if you don't gamble, all your purchases in the Cosmo count towards your Identity membership and it is fairly easy to earn comp nights (we've had 6 so far this year!). . . I've heard people describe this as a hotel for young hipsters, but I am neither young, nor could I be branded a hipster, and I have found that a lot of the clientele are actually a little older.
This Hotel makes the rest of Vegas disappear.. I could go into great detail, but the Cosmo needs only be described as: Destination Vacation.. . Food - Amazing (Holsteins- one of the best burger joints I've been to.  Wicked- Hands down best Buffet on the strip., 5 high-end dining options.). . Pools - "" (3 pools, catering to different crowds). . Bars - "" (The Bond, and the Chandelier were classy and fun - Marque for the plastically enhanced.). . Shopping - ""  (Crystals is next door, literally). . Room - A geeks wet dream. Also comfy as hell. (Highly recommend the One Bedroom - So technologically fresh). . Gambling - yup (back to geek - Lord of the Rings penny slot, WooHoo!). . Service - Amazing - specially the speed in the casino for drinks at slots, and the concierge services.  (A few strays were bad, but only a two or three employees during our stay, and mostly at restaurants). . Money well spent.. We will be back you sexy money pit you.
If I could live anywhere in Vegas this would be the spot. It has everything needed to have a good time and than some. . . Every inch of the building is beautiful, swanky and funky all at the same time. With pink chandeliers, modern decor and cool furniture. . . Our room was one of the best rooms I have stayed in. I slept better here than I do at home. I melted in the huge comfy feather soft bedding. The shower and tub were incredible. I love the CO Bigelow products that are supplied. I hate trying to use soap that feels like a cheap bar of wax.. . The TV was command central for the lights, music, checking out the amenities and even making restaurant reservations for the places in the hotel. Anything your heart desires can be done through a remote, it is crazy! . . The employees overall were nice and accommodating. The female that checked us in was professional and friendly.  The bell desk fellas were fast and asked about our stay. They also said to let them know if our shuttle didn't arrive that they would help us get to the airport. They gave me the "warm and fuzzy" feelings = great customer service. . . Many different types of restaurants, shops, oh and don't forget Wicked Spoon (it is a must) to stuff your belly. . . Yeah it's a cool spot. Thanks Cosmo for showing me the good life for a few days. Now, I'm back home a little fatter and poorer dreaming of my return.
Finally being 21 and staying at The Cosmopolitan was definitely a memorable experience. The decor in the hotel, casino, and room was ridiculous (in a good way). The atmosphere and vibe was lively, fun, and exciting. I unfortunately did not get a chance to gamble at the hotel but I did eat at The Wicked Spoon and I can definitely say it is classy and delicious. Staff was friendly. Only downside was requesting anything to the room took quite a long time. We requested extra towels and I think we probably waited a good 1-2 hours before they had arrived. One other small thing that occurred (which was probably my fault), we did not put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on our door so in the morning my gf and I must have been really knocked out cause we heard no knocking. The next thing I knew, I had heard our door open and it was housekeeping, sort of scary but then again I could have double locked it and put the sign outside. Marquee pool party was insane, everyone should check that out, and Marquee night club was awesome as well. If you want to feel classy then stay at The Cosmopolitan. I honestly do not think I'd ever stay at another hotel now.
I love this hotel. Very glamorous feel! Chandeliers & crystals hanging everywhere. It's decor makes it my favorite hotel in Vegas! Elegant, tasteful, modern. From inside to out, top to bottom.. . First of all the rooms are amazing. I got a killer deal on this hotel room for 3 nights. I booked with LasVegas.com & ended up paying about 540$ total for the city view room with 2 full beds. The room had modern decor but not over the top. The beds were extremely comfortable. Not a fan of the feather pillows, mostly used a long somewhat skinny decor pillow since it was the most comfortable one in the room. Our room over looked the Bamboo Pool & We could see the beautiful Aria hotel and some of the city lights. Loved that. The bathroom was very nice, huge mirror, marble counters, floors, marble shower. Oh THE shower. . . The shower is open to the sink area of the bathroom, it's a clear glass door facing the "toilet room" which is separated from the bathroom by a foggy glass door. The shower also has a clear glass window from top to bottom into the actual room facing both beds and the window to the city. It has an interesting design of blinds on the OUTSIDE of the window that faces both beds. Only the people on the outside can control it while you're in the shower minding your own business. My husband sure got a kick out of that while our male room mate was showering. And of course, when I was showering. It was definitely the hit of the room.. . The touchscreen phone next to the bed controls everything in the room from the tv to thelights. Thought that was pretty cool.. . All of the girls in this hotel look like expensive models. That wasn't a bad thing. :) . . Extremely helpful and friendly staff. We ordered room service one night when we got home super late from the club. A hamburger and 2 bottles of water. When we checked out, we found out that cost us $50. I wouldn't recommend it. The food wasn't anything worth $50, but hey it was delivered to us... . We went to check out the boulevard pool but it was shaded in the afternoon so we went back to the bamboo pool, which seemed to be shaded by a big hotel for a couple of hours maybe between 1-3? We spent a lot of time at the Bamboo pool. It was very relaxing, could have done without the few kids running around playing but oh well. We ordered a raspberry drink a few times from the bar, not sure of the name but the bartender(good looking dude at the bar with the tatt's and the faux hawk) said he made it up and we'd like it. We did. Delicious. We also ordered food, steak quesadillas & hamburger sliders. The quesadillas were delicious, the sliders were good, but lacked any sort of sauce. Used some of the guac from the quesadillas on the burgers. Much better. :) . . I also loved the CO Bigelow products they supply you with in the bathroom!
I was very pleased with my stay at this hotel. I would definitely stay there again.
This is a real cool comfortable place. Very modern rooms done very well. Great restaurants throughout. It's my new favorite hotel
One step through the magnanimous lobby and you experience a revival in art, technology and chic sophistication. This hotel is the real deal.  Managed by an extremely courteous and friendly staff, this hotel delivers a unique Las Vegas housing experience.. . I've stayed here 4 times already and each experience gets better and better.  As a Marriott elite member, I was upgraded to a 1 Bedroom suite; which makes me want to return to this hotel over and over again.. . The rooms are extremely comfortable, I've stayed in a city room, studio and the suite.  All three are nice but the suite definitely is the place to stay if you want to impress that certain someone you met earlier that day... ::wink::. . What's great, like every other 5 star Las Vegas resort, is you can stay here and not ever go to any other property and have a blast.. . Marquee is here, and it's bangin!  Right now it's #1 in Vegas.  There are 3 pools...  And they are lovely.  Marquee day club: so fun.. . Secret pizza is one of my faves...  Holsteins burgers are wicked delicious.... . And if you get really really bored, you just walk outside and you're right in the middle of Las Vegas!!. . This is among my favorite Vegas properties, I hope to return soon.  Very Very soon!!
so impressed!. . i've stayed all over vegas and never have i had an experience like i did at the cosmo last weekend. all of the employees that we interacted with were amazing (minus the pit boss woman who yelled at me for dropping an eff bomb at the craps table, but i guess that was somewhat justified), the casino is beautiful, clean and so fun, the room service food was delicious (esp the lamb sliders!) and our suite was perfect with amazing views. . . if you're like me and prefer your swimming pools sans children, hit up the marquee dayclub instead.. . i can't believe i'm saying this, but i actually wish i stayed an extra night in vegas...
Love this hotel- decor is beautiful, staff is top notch....drinks are great and the crowd is the Vegas crowd I like...they know how to dress, act and enjoy with out making fools of themselves...my kind of place!
Really the cream of the crop. . . I honestly felt like I wasn't allowed to be in this hotel! It's just very modern and chic. There's chandeliers everywhere. This hotel is pretty pimped out. It's very very nice. The employees are just as nice and there was one lady that we talked to who was just a sweet heart. . . will stay here one day!
So far, my FAVORITE place to stay on the strip! . . 1. It's new so everything is very modern and chic. 2. Marquee day club and nightclub are right down stairs, so you save money on taxis to and from the club. You can also go in the hotel guest line and get in faster.. 3. It's in a great central location on the strip. Walking distance to a lot of restaurants and shopping venues, but if you don't want to walk it's a cheap cab ride!. 4. The two hotel pools are awesome. They don't seem as grossly overcrowded as most of the pools at other hotels on the strip. I only went to the Boulevard pool because I didn't walk further down to discover the Bamboo pool until the day I was leaving! Sad... . 5. Everything is so shiny and pretty and it smells nice!. . P.S. . Holsteins is a pretty good burger and shake joint (right across to the Marquee entrance) . Secret Pizza (on the 3rd floor) kind of sucks. I didn't get a chance to try the Wicked Spoon buffet, but I heard it's good!
The Cosmo, perfect place to spend a Girls Vegas trip hands down. Absolutely loved it. I loved stepping into this hotel, it was refreshing, weird huh? But you didn't feel like you just bathed in 5 pounds of second hand smoke and that you had to push your way through the "air", it smelled new, clean, crisp! My advice hurry and get there to enjoy this rarity , "clean air," in Vegas, just kidding, sort of. . . It's a place that overstimulates your eyes no matter where you are, your trying to take everything in all at once. Love the modern tech savvy pillars in the check-in/lobby area. It's pure entertainment watching the scenes on High Def screens changing, which leads me to the elevators, clean crisp and again HD screens installed with vivid vibrant images of pure randomness (flowers, insects,etc...). So hey stand in the lobby for a bit, especially when sobering up or ride the elevator up and down a few times, mind you though you can only go so far on an elevator ride floor wise without a room key.. . Speaking of the which the rooms are amazing, we had the view of the Bellagio Fountain, and much of the other parts of the strip. The bathroom was a girls dream, huge, especially with three woman sharing. Could also be a guys dream given the fact the shower had a window into the main room quarters and the blinds were controlled from the outside, a little in house peep show of your own perhaps? . . My girls and I were lucky enough to dabble in a lot of what The Cosmo had to offer, so other reviews will follow regarding The Marquee night club, The Chandelier (this bar is absolutely amazing, so chic I just have to say that now and later), China Poblano's (When Pig's Fly pork buns & a Lychee sour, I want more!), The Neapolitan (adult popsicles who can resist), and The Boulevard pool (beautiful views of the strip from up here).. . After all is said done and experienced, I will definitely be seeking out stay at The Cosmopolitan again.
I wouldn't usually describe non living thing as sexy, but this hotel would definitely fit that description. Everything about the hotel's decor is chic. It replaces the usual vegas cigarette smoke with what smells like a freshly washed blanket scent.. . I'm usually beyond content with having a few coctails at the chandelier bar (any one of its 3 levels) and/or the Henry. I could only imagine how epic the clubs and pool must be. . . I do plan on staying at this hotel soon, but have been very pleased with the experience of just visiting as well.
Their suite is amazing.  The balcony view is definitely top notch, overlooking the belagio water show and the Paris tower.  I'd defintely stay here again in the future!
Sickest hotel I've been to, the lobby is AMAZING, although the check in line was moving really slow. Then I got up to my room, a terrace suite overlooking the Bellagio's fountain. The huge chandelier bar is kind of cool. The food is really good too. And if you like to party you should go to Marquee.
One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at! My recommendation: get the players card! They will send you rooms all the time, and its always an excellent view. The view over the bellagio fountain with the terrace studio room is absolutely spectacular!
This hotel is Fabulous!!!! I stayed in a terrace view room which had an amazing view of the City Center and the strip. The Chandelier Bar is one of my favorites, three-story bar!!! The hotel has a very youthful, trendy vibe, its the place to be while in Vegas. . . They have great restaurants inside as well, kinda pricey but worth it. I ate at China Poblano (Chinese and Mexican food) and Blue Ribbon Sushi. . . If you don't end up staying here, you should stop by and have a drink or go to the Marquee day or night club.
This is our new favorite hotel in Vegas! We stayed in the 1 bedroom terrace suite in the east tower with view of the strip. Room layout was terrific! It felt like our own little condo.  Only minor compliant I had was that being right on the strip, it was always super noisy!  . If you are going for a quiet holiday I recommend asking for a room in the west tower, but if you don't mind the noise and want a priceless view of the strip then go for the east tower.
This place started out shakey, because me and my friends were kicked out, However with speaking with management, they apologized and invited me back to stay once again.. . LOVED IT....Customer service is great, EYE CANDY is outstanding, drinks, lounges
If you are going to go to Vegas, spend the extra money to stay here. . . The attention to detail at this hotel makes all the difference when it comes to providing a unique, cutting edge Las Vegas experience. The rooms, the bars/casino, the spa, the pool, the fitness center, and the restaurants were all fantastic (or at least very interesting) and are geared toward a progressive, design-minded guest. Room: our East Tower suite had a terrace with a view of the Bellagio fountains, as well as a soaking tub, and the extra $ paid for both was well worth the expense. Spent a lot of time on both the terrace and in the tub.The shower was open to the bedroom, providing the "right amount of wrong" the Cosmo advertises. Very modern amenities, including a central remote for the lights, air, TV, etc, which was fun to play with. . . Anyone who appreciates the visual arts will appreciate the facilities. Giant video screens featuring elaborate video art, chandeliers of all types, and classic lounges seem to mix into a super-modern experience. Just a small example: the old fashioned cigarette machines retrofitted to sell one of a kind art (just $5 will buy you an original piece the size of a pack of Camels). . . I don't have a ton of experience with this, but the the spa (men's side) had a great, huge jacuzzi with rain, sauna, steam and cool mist room. The signature massage was great as expected. The fitness center in the East tower had lots of brand new equipment, some of which looked completely unused. Went to two of the three pools, and they were multileveled, with lots of care given to making plenty of room and creating a really laid-back atmosphere. . . Ate at three of the restaurants: China Poblano, the secret Pizza place, and the Wicked Spoon buffet. China Poblano is pricey, and I'm not surprised to see many folks complain about the small size portions... however, the unusual & high quality ingredients and strong distinct flavors made it unique. The entire concept of a secret Pizza place within a hotel is genius, right down to the broken Galaga machine. Ate there twice, and the big slices were perfect at 1am. Finally, the WS buffet easily blows the Bellagio out of the water, with a good assortment of unusual thrown in with the usual... nothing earth-shatteringly amazing, but where else can you get Udon, fried pig tails, carved bacon, beet salad, spicy mac & cheese and Oreo-gellato on one plate? Yum. . . Loved every minute I spent at this hotel.
I cannot say enough about this hotel. I usually stay at Wynncore or Venetian/Palazzo - but I will never go back!. . Everything from the parking garage, pools, restaurants, to the rooms has been well thought out.. . The self-park garage has awesome green and red LEDs so you can see what spaces are empty or occupied from a distance.. . Front desk staff was enormously helpful (Thank you Sarah and Jonathan!) very nicely explained the layout of the hotel and provided maps and information to make the trip awesome.. . The lay out of the hotel/casino.restaurant is less confusing and maze-like than other properties, I love that it has windows that open to the strip in the casino.. . The rooms were beautiful and well appointed - go for the wraparound suite, you won't be sorry. Housekeeping was excellent (as a tip: if you call when you are leaving your room for a bit and they are right on top of it). . Pools: The Bamboo pool was chill, the Boulevard pool was rockin with awesome views of the strip and the Marquee Pool (free before 2pm) was bumpin.. . Restaurants: Wicked Spoon Buffet and Secret Pizza are not to be missed.. . The overall vibe in this hotel was modern, upscale, classy, but all with a cosmopolitan edge. :). . Will stay here for all future trips to Vegas unless I'm staying free elsewhere.
FABULOUS hotel.  The hotel is modern and well-decorated, without being gimmicky.  My friend and I stayed in a standard room, but it was by far the coolest room I've ever stayed in.  A lot of space, modern technology, lovely decor.  Only thing that's lacking is a coffee machine.. . Everyone at the hotel was very attentive and friendly.  At the identity counter, the woman working there apologized profusely for letting me stand there for a minute.  No big deal, but it was nice that she cared.. . The food selection is obviously one of the best of the Las Vegas Hotels.  You really don't even have to leave the hotel if you don't want to, they have everything-shopping, dining, pool, etc. . . I will definitely stay here when I'm back in Vegas!
Weit weniger lacherlich kitschig als die meisten anderen Strip-Hotels. Eher cooles Design, Zimmer edel, Bus-System in jedem Zimmer; sehr gute Gastronomie. Derzeit whs. das beste Hotel am Strip in Las Vegas.  Tip: Zimmer mit Blick auf die Wasserspiele vom Bellagio nehmen: Sensationeller Ausblick.
Fantastic place, Bellagio couldn't guarantee us a suite overlooking the fountains and we were coming in for my sisters 30th birthday. Not only did Cosmo make sure that we had a great fountain view they matched our status at M-life.  We ended up with a free limo and the ability to line jump at the buffet.  Have been back to Vegas twice since then and both times we stayed at Cosmo.  Sorry Bellagio, looks like you have lost a customer.
I would rec his hotel to all of my friends yound and old.  Room was beautiful, clean, and spacious suite with the balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower at Paris.  Many of the reviews I read talked about how loud it was in some places there.  Obviously those people have never been in Vegas. The Boulevard pool was great.  Definitely get the pitcher of Ice tea - lemonade.  Pitcher costs $58 and worth it compared to the 12.50 for 1.  Bartender and waitresses were all cool as well as the vibe at the hotel.  Only downside is at the casino, only had 1 texas hold em table open and NO crazy for poker.  Not everyone like blackjack, war or pai gaw.. Oh, and if you have kids....3 words..Leave them home.  Vegas is not a place for kids especially at this hotel.  Take them to Disney or Universal Studios.  This is my Disney and I do not need to see kids.  That is why I left them home with Nonna and Nonno
By far this is the best hotel for the money I've been to in Las Vegas. Since my wife and I discovered it last year on our mini-moon I haven't stayed anywhere else on my trips to the city that never sleeps.  I highly recommend getting a premium view room on an upper floor.  The view of the Bellagio fountain is amazing and a completely different experience than watching it from the strip. The rooms have always been clean with all of the cool electronic room controls that guys like me LOVE!  I prefer the 1 bedroom but have stayed in the standard room and both have been comfortable and VERY modern feeling!.    Another nice thing about this property is the diversity of things to do.  Between all of the restaurants, shops, Marquee and all the pools on the property there was never a lack of things to do.  Speaking of the pool, you HAVE to try out the Neapolitan at the main pool for some booze infused ice cream.  .   The spa is a little pricey but it is very clean and has plenty of work out machines to use.  A little suggestion, I used the main gym in the West (?) Tower and had a $20 per day fee...A different time, I used the smaller gym in the East tower with no charge.  Not saying it will work for you, but it's worth a try.  .   A final note...if you drive you are going to LOVE the parking garage.  Each level tells you how many open spaces there are AND there are lights that indicate where the open spaces are.  Totally eliminates the hassle of space hunting in the parking garage.
I completely love this hotel.  It has awesome decor that keeps you in awe wherever you go.  The restaurants are great.  The rooms are beautiful.  Especially if you get a wrap arround Terrace suite overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  The buffet is amazing.  There are 3 pools and the two that are not day clubs are super relaxed and comfortable.  This is my favorite hotel and I always recommend it to people who come to town.
Though I'm a local, I have had my share of visits as a tourist here and it is definitely the best, if not one of, hotel that you can stay at. It's a bit pricey but you pay for what you get. . . My personal favorite is the wrap-around suite. Came here for my girlfriend's birthday and it is extremely delightful. Very nice renovations and architecture with lots of space! Heavenly bed, and multiple TVs. Also has its own little bar with alcohol, food and etc which you have to pay for. If you don't plan on expending any of the provided condiments, then don't use them. They are tracked by some laser and repeatedly taking off any of drinks or foods will charge you, and yes they are expensive. On the other hand, they have a fridge for your own food and drinks! . . They also have a great and HUGE balcony that can possibly oversee the whole Strip. Definitely some romance involved in that. . . Not only do you get to access one of the best rooms but you also get complimentary access to the best club on the strip, Marquee! Just show your hotel key and you are given admission. And trust me, if you're a guy, you want to take advantage of this. Marquee normally charges each male anywhere from $50 - $80. But for your stay, you get to experience a rapidly rising club at no charge!. . Not only is this a good honeymoon spot(or something in that matter), but a good spot to hold a party with your friends. This wrap-around suite itself can house a party with an occupancy limit of up to 40 people! The balcony truly does wonders in providing spaciousness and air! Just don't stay out too long cause in higher altitudes, there are mosquitos. I stayed out in the balcony so long that a mosquito bit me on my forehead, leaving me a lump on my forehead. . . Lots of restaurants and shops in the 3 story lobby as well. Personally did not like the Wicked Spoon buffet as it is overrated IMO but it's only a few steps away. Don't waste your time and money staying at a lower-tier hotel where it may be difficult to experience the city that never sleeps, for the Cosmpolitan will grant you ease during your visits.
I LOVED STAYING HERE.. Rooms are clean and tidy, the bedding is amazing, the bathrooms were phenomenal.  Service is excellent. While you're here, go check out Marquee. Guests get in for free if you sign up for the guestlist the morning of the day you want to go. Next time i need to try the buffet, which i hear is amazing!. . All my future stays will be at this hotel, i love it so much.
This was the first time staying at the Cosmo and we were extremely excited.  Man, this place did not disappoint.  I've read some other reviews about customer service and issues with room keys, housekeeping, etc and for the most part, I would say our experience was a lot different than the negative ones seen in other reviews.. . Our room was beautiful and clean.  We somehow scored a room on the 51st floor overlooking the strip.  Our terrace view was epic.  The terrace was the biggest selling point for us.  The bathroom was huge and contained a large walk-in shower and a soaking tub with a window that overlooked the strip.  The sleeping area was nice and the bed was super comfortable.  The sitting area was huge and had a couch, desk, minibar, sink, big screen TV and dishwasher, which we found random.  The closet area was huge and the iron worked well.  Safe worked well too.  There are random books placed throughout the room, which were pointless to us, but a neat way of being different.  I love the lighting features of the room.  By pushing a button on the phone or by the entry door you can control all of the lights in the room.  Great way of just laying down, hitting a button and going to sleep.. . The hotel as a whole is beautiful.  Completely geared to 30 to 40 year olds with a lot of modern flare and chic details.  The check-in area is fun with huge LED columns that change constantly.  There are lots of restaurant options.  We've eaten at Henri and Comme Ca, which were both great.  Bond bar is fun late at night with interesting drinks and go-go dancers shakin' it above the crowd.  Light system in Bond is great!  We didn't make it to Marquee, but from what we heard and saw, it's THE place to be in Vegas right now.. . We only went to the Boulevard pool, but it had a neat vibe.  You can play pool, Foosball and PS3.  Drinks at the bar are pricey, but that's pretty much anywhere you go in Vegas these days.  Get there early for a lounge chair, otherwise, there really are not many places to sit unless you want to spend the coin on a cabana or daybed.  Have Tyler make his ginger mojito.  Fantastic!  Music could have been a little louder, but it was nice.. . Now, here are a couple of the challenges we ran into.  When we checked in, the original room faced the mountains.  We waited a couple hours for a different room and like I said somehow got that great view on floor 51.  The problem we ran into was, they had given us our keys and said they would be activated when the room was ready.  Upon receiving the phone call for our room we entered the elevator, put our key in to access the floor and the key did not work.  Someone else had activated floor 51 for us.  When we got to our room, the key didn't work.  We had to go all the way back down to the front desk to get new keys.  They fixed it for us right away and the key worked fine.  The card readers in the elevators are a little goofy, but you'll get the hang of it.. . I think the biggest downfall to the Cosmo was the housekeeping.  Yes, our bed was made every day and the bathroom was cleaned as well.  The garbage, however, was not emptied daily, and I do not believe the ice container was cleaned out.  The mini-bar was not replenished during our entire stay, but that wasn't a big deal since we didn't use it much at all.  Also, when we first arrived in our room there was a large wet spot on the carpet just outside of the soaking tub.  My guess is that it was used shortly before we checked in and the room was cleaned.  The terraces are also not cleaned daily.  I used a glass for cigarette buts and it wasn't touched the entire stay.  Also, found a used condom on the terrace, which was thrown from above I'm sure.  That wasn't cleaned after we returned back to our room.  Otherwise, everything was very upscale.  I think people need to remember this is Las Vegas, so crazy stuff is bound to be found and happen.. . We had a light burn out in the toilet area of the bathroom.  I called to have it replaced and when we returned to our room it was done.  Overall customer service was good.. . Shower could have had more water pressure.  I think that was my only real complaint.  . . The good of this hotel far outweighs the bad.  If you stay there, get an Identity membership.  Its good for all your gambling, food and shopping purchases, as well as your hotel stay.  By the time we left after three and a half days, people knew our name and we are by no means heavy gamblers or big spenders, so that felt nice.. . This is my new favorite place to stay in Vegas and probably one of the best hotel rooms I've ever been in.
Stayed here the week between Christmas and New Year's Eve in 2011.  Booked one of the Terrace One Bedroom rooms through Travelocity.  When I checked in they upgraded me to one with a view of the Bellagio fountains (Which actually cost more than those with a view towards City Center).  We were on the 37th floor and our view was EPIC!  Every night we would chill out on the balcony and watch the fountains while enjoying the view.  You could actually hear the music from the fountains in our room.  I paid roughly $200/night for the room and felt like it was an absolute steal!  These particular rooms have all the same amenities that you would find in most $1200/night suites.  To name a few:  living room with large flat screen, kitchenette, huge closet and dressing area with leather bench, private toilet closet, nice vanity area, wet room with Japanese soaking tub and shower (also has a full window over tub that looks out over the Strip), separate bedroom with large flat screen, and huge balcony with glass railing and lounge chair.  It was pretty ridiculous!. . I've been to many casinos and this has a little bit different vibe than the rest.  You get the sense that gambling is like the fifth most important thing here.  Wonderful selection of restaurants, Jaleo by Jose Andres being my favorite.  What can I say, I'm a sucker for tapas and "Empanadillas de brandada de bacalao!"  Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night wondering if they will ship these to Mississippi.. . The location of the resort is also a huge plus.  You really feel like you're in the middle of everything.  With Bellagio and Caesars to one side and City Center to the other, you're saved from super long walks and the hassle of hailing cabs.. . My sole complaint about the Cosmo is the spa.  Now this is a small complaint, not even enough for me to lose a star in my rating.  The spa was a bit of a let down.  Not in the quality of the facility and staff, but in the layout of it.  If you're looking for a day at the spa with someone of the opposite sex, be prepared to be quarantined from one another.  The only coed lounge is on a separate floor and you have to be escorted there by one of the staff.  The wet areas are also a little on the small side.  Again, this is my only beef and seeing as how nice and helpful the staff was not enough to lose a star.
My favorite hotel in Vegas.. . Awesome customer service from the staff (registration, Identity desk, dealers, etc).  My Casino Host offered to send a car to pick me up from the airport...  . . Except for the base City Room, I believe all rooms have balconies.  Not many hotels on the strip have balconies for their rooms--at least, not the affordable rooms.... . My players membership comes with 2 free wifi connections.  I get wifi all over cosmo and am not limited to just in my room as in most other casinos.... . The Marquee night club is the best night club in Vegas and, in some reviews, best in the USA.  Update:  I tried the Day club during the 2012 Labor Day weekend.  I loved it.  Great layout with the covered areas, dance floor, bed, and DJ.  Also fabulous & friendly staff!. . IMO, the Cosmo Wicked Spoon Buffet is the 2nd best buffet in Vegas, following Bellagio's (the M casino offers a wide selection of food but the quality of the food is OK). . . The pizza at Secret Pizza is really good.  I usually have a slice to close out the night.. . The people that stay at the Cosmo is from the younger generation so the chicks that walk around the casino are hot!  . . The Boulevard and Bamboo pools are cozy to hang around at.. . The Chandelier Bar has to be the best pure bar on the strip.. . And very important....  I sometimes win when I gamble here!  LoL
Beautiful hotel with a slew of great eats and shops. Went to an invite only eats-capade here, where the top local restaurants shared their fare with all sorts of foodies (and non-so-foodies). Great set-up under the vegas lit sky.
Stay in the Wraparound Suite with the Fountain View! It must be one of the best views on the strip... Seriously! I've stayed in a few of the 5 Star resorts on the strip such as the Palazzo and Wynn and this one is right up there. It isn't huge as the other properties, since it's only on a few acres, but it towers above the rest. Try their buffet, relax in their pool, you won't regret or forget it.  Also, their clubs are the hottest on the strip. They ladies come to grab attention... Can't wait to get back and use my free room offers at the Cosmo!!!
This place screams high class!. . From the art in the parking garage (Shepard Fairey street art), to the Chandelier Bar to the glittery carpet throughout the casino!. . There are also many unique art themed shops and uber high class boutiques. . . You can easily spend some time in here as your eyeballs get there fill of everything this place has to offer. . . I always make it a point to stop in here when I am town!
I have been to A LOT of hotels in Vegas and the smell they pump into the vents here is absolutely mesmerizing. There are amazing places to eat including one of my favorites, Scarpetta, and great bars. The rooms are comfy and have amazing balconies even way way way up in the sky. If you want a trendy and fun place to hang out or stay I would choose this hotel over any other one on the strip!
EXCELLENT !!!. Great location, awesome rooms! Not your average vegas hotel stayed here during Christmas 2011 , and it was absolutely wonderful!  PLUS If you are a guest here entrance to the Marquee is complementary! chandelier bar is just amazing! decor is very modern! I stayed at the terrace guest room which had  the japanese soaking tub over looking the strip is just which was incredible , Really had a great time here can't wait to go back this labor day weekend! Cosmopolitan will be THE hotel I stay at every time I visit Vegas!
Can I say  Wow!!! This is the most Classiest Hotel/ Casino in Vegas. This beats Encore x10!! They put style in everything from the lobby to the parking areas! . There is not a dull look anywhere in side this property.  The staff is very helpful with everything. Its a must go!
This place is absolutely beautiful. The crystal chandeliers are just so amazing. Definitely one of the most gorgeous center bar at the strip. This place boasts of intricately designed interior with 5 star class! The dealers are friendly and the cocktail servers come around constantly. I guess that's a big plus!
Didn't stay here although ate at Comme and played at the Casino. This is by far one of the nicest, cleanest hotels on the strip. We won $70 on penny slots on $5. Lots of games slots and tables. Def will stay there next time in Vegas!
The only place I stay at when I hit Vegas! Beautiful contemporary decor. So modern and chic! I swear this hotel is not has everything! . The highlights:. Beautiful rooms! Doesn't matter if you're in the standard room or loft suites. They are all stunning. . Chandelier bar is absolutely breathtaking . Marquee: beautiful people, hosts great events. Home to a handful of my favorite djs. Connected to crystal shopping center; no need for taxi ! It's within walking distance! . The secret pizza place- what great mArketing, I'm bring all my friends here and they're always amazed. . I actually win when I gamble here :) I think they love me.
If you can afford it you can buy it..... Don't come to this hotel expecting to get anything cheap. In fact, dont come to this hotel expecting anything to be reasonably priced. It's not, low end blackjack tables are $25 a hand, a cocktail is $16, entrance to Marquee on a Saturday is $70. But, if you come here with the idea that money is no boundary, then whatever you want is yours. Cabana with its own private jacuzzi overlooking the pool party? Yes please. Buzzing nightclub until 5am? OK. Friendly waitresses and dealers? Sounds good. Buffet with everything from sushi to roast beef? Great.. . verall, the Cosmopolitan was an amazing experience The rooms were just fantastic, the pools were unbeliervable, the music at the tables was awesome and the clubs you could really tear it up in. . Whatever you do, get a players card, you are probably going to spend enough to get something comp'd!!
Surprised, room layout and quality is great, two TVs, and even come with microwave. Great room for romance, you can see the shower and bath tube from the living room. I am sure they have room has enclosed bath room. The other features, one touch on/off for all the light, and even the phone (a little disapointment on the phone) is a touch screen, with alarm, weather, etc. Like other people said, don't expect reasonable price on anything.
gorgeous hotel. everything is perfect.. . cannot stay anywhere else now!
In life, you get what you pay for.  If money were no object to me, I would stay at Cosmo every time that I go to Vegas.  Decided to break the bank and stay there on the last two nights of a four day trip.  It is without a doubt the nicest and trendiest hotel that I have ever stayed in.  Ended up in a terrace studio on the 57th floor with a view facing south towards Luxor and Mandelay Bay.  Jumbo flat screens in both the bedroom and the front room.  . . Walking around the property, I felt like was in a modern-day Logan's Run.  The vast majority of the clientele here is young and good looking.  You may give yourself whiplash when you first get here, but within a couple hours you should be completely desensitized to the extremely attractive members of the opposite gender walking around.. . All of the restaurants I have been to at Cosmo I have thoroughly enjoyed.  Didn't go to the Wicked Spoon Buffet this time, but have been there before and it was awesome.  Two rather affordable options are Secret Pizza and Holstein's.  Secret Pizza has authentic New York pies for five dollars a slice.  Holstein's has great burgers in the ten to twenty dollar range.  Also, you have to try the W.W.E.D? ice cream drink at the Neopolitan by the pool.  It is heaven in a glass.. . Probably stay somewhere cheaper in Vegas next time I go, but life is short and you gotta treat yourself once in awhile.
Here again!!stay was better than the. Last got a premium view (bellagio. Fountains) I wish I lived here!  Got to experience the west tower now and although its the tower away from the strip I enjoyed the view , will be coming back hopefully in november! Also join identity every and any dollar you spend at the hotel(restaurants,m room stays, even a newspaper) gets you points ! I found  out I had $28 from my last stay, and I didn't join until this time around
The Cosmopolitan Hotel Las Vegas has to be the best hotel I've ever stayed at. From the Casino floor to the Boulevard Pool. Marquee Day Club and Night Club. The center of Las Vegas Blvd. has shifted. Set right next to the Bellagio, my friends and I were here when the place opened on New Years 2011. Later that year we stayed at the hotel for my friend Chris' bachelor's party. We got him the wraparound room and this room is amazing. and the word amazing doesn't do this room justice. We were able to watch the Bellagio fountain show from about 34 stories up looking over the lit up Las Vegas Strip. If you want to do Vegas right make sure you go to Marquee Night club but if you want to do Vegas BIG. Stay at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The wraparound is huge and very spacious with a full kitchen and washing machine. Not many hotels on the strip provide an amenity like this. The interior is very modernized and hipster like. . . One of the more enjoyable amenity to this place is the pool area. If you can, get a cabana when the pool is open during the spring-summer time. If you don't there are plenty of places for you to lounge at. Plenty of lounge chairs all around to bath in the sun. There's also a table tennis and pool table poolside. Full bar close by. They also have a huge jacuzzi by far the largest one I've ever seen. You could literally swim in it its that big. . . Also, if you stay at the Cosmo, one room card can get you and another person into Marquee on Thursday, Friday and Monday. . . I had a whole ton of fun staying at this place. speaking of which I met Kristin Dunst on the Casino Floor and she was so cool, we got a picture with her. . . I'll be back to this place in the near future. Most definitely.
Best Hotel in Vegas...no questions asked. The rooms are awesome. The service is impeccable. You just can't go wronghere!
I live about 2 minutes from the Cosmo, and it's really hard to list everything that makes this place so awesome. A ton of great and unique restaurants(Holstein's, Secret Pizza, China Poblano, Milo's), a fantastic concert venue(they drain out the pool for GA shows) and an incredibly modern and young feel. It's legitimately more exciting being in the Cosmo over any other casino in Vegas. . . I haven't stayed at the Cosmo but I have been in the rooms and like everything else they are very very cool. From the views to the comfort of the beds, it's all very high class and worth the price tag.
As borat sagdiyev would say, "waawaweeewa!!". Or "king in da castle, king in da castle!".. . Had the wonderful opportunity to stay here in a terrace suite on the 46th floor overlooking the stip/bellagio fountains.. . Well what can I say, . . I'll start with PARKING. . . 5 stars.. . The garage is laid out very well and you are only a short walk to the elevator.. This can be quite convenient when going back and fourth from room to car.. Also, all of the spots have a really great LED system that is set up above the parking spot that lights up green when empty, and stays red when occupied. Thus making finding a spot MUCH MUCH EASIER!!!. . SERVICE: 5 stars. . From the check in desk, to the prompt security this place has their service ON POINT!!! I had an inncedent on my first night with a loud neighbor at 5:00 am.. I called the desk, noise was gone under 5 minutes. End result, a happy customer.. . Hotel/casino. Do I even have to say??  Of course it's 5 stars.... . ....It's a 4+ BILLION DOLLAR HOTEL!!!. . Apparantly the whole "city center project" including vdara, mandarin oriental, veer towers, aria, as well as the cosmo and the defunct harmon, was IN TOTAl, 9 billion! before ressecion and inflation. . . Thus making the cosmopolitan absorb almost HALF the cost of the whole freakin place.. . Uhh, ya... It's pretty effing nice. Probably the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in and seen.. . Final word. Stay here. If Vegas is a special treat for you, then what better way to spen your time here than in one of the most expensive hotels in the world?
Just came back from a bachelorette weekend in Vegas and the Cosmopolitan was a perfect choice. We had a Terrace suite with a fountain view and it was beautiful.. A two room suite.. king bed only.. huge balcony. The frig had some sensored items , but plenty of room for the pop/beer/energy drinks we bought across the street at Walgreen's.. Check in for us was a breeze, but the lines later look like there was a bit of a wait. . The staff the entire trip was great. The only complaint was housekeeping. Very weak. We called every day to get it done... and eventually it was.. The hotel is very sexy and had a good selection of shops and restaurants. reviews to follow. It is also a short walk to Crystals (upscale) and Miracle Mile ( mid range) malls.. And Marquee day and night club.. Ahhhh Marquee.. good times :). The Boulevard pool was great also, It gets crowded on the weekend and if you want a sun bed.. get there early. I read the complaints about not enough beds, but really, have you ever been to a really nice resort that had enough ? This pool is for walking, soaking, drink and mixing it up..... not laying on your back. NOT FOR KIDS.. If fact this is not the resort for kids at all, not really set up for them.. We gambled a little and the dealers were very friendly and helpful... won  a little !. I would not hesitate coming back here again
Stayed for a Bachlorette party, and all I can say is, "am I dreaming"? The rooms incredible, restaurants divine, clubs very young and jumping!! We had a little trouble with our bags being brought to us by the bellman but it was resolved by a $100 hotel comp, for anything in the hotel, drinks, food, services. The doors, well watch out for your fingers! They are extremely heavy and slam very fast!! I would love to bring my husband here for his 30th birthday. I know he would have memorable experience just as I did.
I come here for concerts and for the ambiance.
One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas.  Highly recommended.  The Pools are very nice.  Great service and people.  Great location to get to other things on the strip.  Fun Fun place.
Cosmo rocked my world. It was my first time in Vegas and I felt treated right. There is a certain campy nouveau Kubrick-esque quality of the design, but that's kind of a good thing. Put on that lens, enjoy the cocktails at Chandelier and you're guaranteed to have a good time.
My favorite hotel in Las Vegas hands down. The rooms are decor heaven with the best view on the strip. They also have balconies which is awesome and rare for strip hotels. . The parking garage is also one of a kind. With each spot they have a pressurized sensor that either reads red for "spot taken" or green for "available spot" this makes parking less of a nightmare unlike a lot of garages..  The Cosmo also has some of the best restaurants in Vegas. CHINA POBLANO by chef Jose Andres created especially for Las Vegas showcases his personal take on Chinese and Mexican cuisines. Noodles and tacos come together in a festive, stylish setting. Ive tried the majority of items on the menu but my favorite are the chocolate tacos. amazing. STK is another one of my absolute faves. The bar is the centerpiece for this lively new aged steakhouse. This is a must visit place.. Marquee Day/Night Club- Vegas's newest hottest club on the strip. 3 stories of awesomeness and different themes for each, there is something for everyone here. The Library (3rd level) is my favorite. with the employees dressed up as librarians and the room rings true to an old fashioned library. . The Boulevard Pool- Best place in Vegas for concerts. this venue is absolutely stunning with the palm trees and city center as the back ground. Its also pretty cool too because the crowd stands in the pool that s drained out for concerts, and the stage is up close and personal. very intimate setting.. Shopping- you cant forget the shops! DNA2050 is a one stop shop for the ultimate denim fit, style and trend. A boutique offering a unique and contemporary way to shop.. CRSVR Sneaker Boutique-Specializing in limited edition sneakers and men's & women's casually dressed up fashion.. . All in all this is an amazing property and its def a must visit!!
I absolutely love the Cosmopolitan!  I stayed here twice, once for my sister's 21st birthday and once for my bachelorette party.  Both occassions were a great experience. The rooms are phenomenal, especially if you get one with a balcony view of the Bellagio fountains.  We've eaten at a few of the restaurants including China Poblano, Jaleo, Holsteins, and the Wicked Buffet.  They were all amazing, but I will say the breakfast buffet is delicious and a great value for the Strip.  We also went to The Marquee for my bachelorette party and had a great time.  The outdoor pool area is great atmosphere and they have different rooms with varying vibes. I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas and we will hopefully be staying at the Cosmo.
I received a comp offer from the Cosmo weeks ago offering me a complimentary two night stay in their terrace suite and $100 in "promotional" gaming chips and $75 bucks in dining credit.. I called my friend up and we took the long dreaded drive to Vegas :(. . Immediately upon check in, this hotel couldn't disappoint me in any way possible. When we checked in, they had these ipads at check in from. The front desk was also very helpful with any questions we might have had.. . the room.... OMG. SEXY.. its unfortunate they only had one bed...so my friend slept on the couch. he said it was very comfortable and you could sleep like 3 people on it easily. They had a modern kitchenette (stovetop, microwave) and TWO HUGE HDTV s on each side of the room.. . once you step out on the terrace, its even more breathtaking than the room. I could see the front entrance of Planet Hollywood right in front of me and the rest of Las Vegas's glitter and lights. You could even look down at the swimming pool.  #amazing view. . the casino is huge and the dealers are very friendly. just don't expect $5 dollar tables. . minimums are $15 on a slow night. If your here on the weekends, you will see GORGEOUS girls in their sexy dresses or skirts walking to and from Marquee (hottest nightclub in vegas as of now...). It's literally a parade of them from 10pm-3am.. . the pool area is awesome especially with their addition of their wall of TELEVISIONS. lobby is gorgeous and very hip.. . there's nothing bad to say about this place...except i found out their terrace suites go for $350/night on weekends. LOL #wow. . this place is classy, clean, customer-service oriented, loads of shopping and dining choices, no drunken college frat boys, and spectacular.
It seems like everybody else is writing stories for reviews so I'll make this simple.  We only stayed one night so there is only so much I can say.  For under $300 we got a room that overlooked the Bellagio fountains that was huge, had a separate sitting area and bedroom area as well as a large bathroom PLUS A BALCONY!!  If you are like me, sometimes you just need a little fresh air and this is awesome and totally enhances the Vegas experience.  We got some pampering at the Spa and I had an amazing massage.  Great location in the middle of all the action. You can walk anywhere or cab anywhere on the strip for $10.  This is my new spot in Vegas
I don't think a hotel had ever made me swoon with joy... until I visited the Cosmo.. . Really -- absolutely everything about my 3-night stay here was pitch-perfect!. . Even before I got out of my car, I was greeted by the blingiest parking lot in town, with Shepard Fairey artwork covering the walls and convenient red and green lights directing me toward available spaces in the sprawling underground garage.. . Check-in was painless.  The Cosmo front desk is well staffed, and they even gave me a free water bottle while I waited.  I also had some excellent help from Joseph C. at the concierge desk -- please give that boy a promotion!. . My hotel room was lovely.  It was a "terrace studio" high up in the west tower, with an impressive view of the Strip.  It had all the usual trappings of a contemporary hotel, with a chic bathroom, oodles of C.O. Bigelow bath products, separate walk-in shower and soaking tub, cozy living room, sumptuous bedding, multiple flat-panel TVs, a pressure-sensitive "tray of temptation" and mini-fridge full of overpriced goodies -- but what really sets the Cosmo apart are the terraces.  Nothing beats having your own private little balcony on which to sip a cocktail and watch the craziness of the Strip unfold below you.  (Also, if you look carefully, you can spot all kinds of inappropriate shenanigans happening on the terraces of the opposite tower.)  . . Also of note are the pool facilities.  I tried two of the pools -- the Boulevard pool and the Marquee dayclub pool.  The Boulevard was easily my favorite, with a fun and social vibe but without the drunken messes who inhabit the Marquee pool.  There's also a third pool, the Bamboo pool, which is quieter and more secluded than the other two.  All the pools fill up by mid-morning, so arrive early if you want a place to lie down.. . I can't forget to mention that the Cosmo is, simply put, drop-dead gorgeous.  I adore how they decorated every square inch of this hotel, from the massive chandeliers, to the giant stiletto statues, to the mirrored walls, to the animated columns, to the strands of crystals.. . The restaurant and nightlife selection at the Cosmo is probably the best in Vegas.  To date, I've enjoyed dining at Secret Pizza, Holstein's, Estiatorio Milos, and Scarpetta.  (I wish I had more time to try some of the others, such as Jaleo, China Poblano, Comme Ca, STK, and the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  I guess those will have to wait 'til next time.)  If you like to dance all night, there's Marquee (of course) and Bond.  For me, though, the Cosmopolitan is all about the Chandelier.  It's easily the best cocktail lounge in Vegas -- and one of the best on the west coast -- and no trip to Vegas is complete without stopping there.. . Location-wise, you can't do better.  The Cosmo is in the heart of the Strip, steps from the Aria, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and Paris.  Everything else is a short walk or cab ride away.. . Look, folks -- because of the recession, there probably won't be any new megaresorts opening in Vegas for some time.  In the meantime, swoon over the Cosmo.
Love love love this hotel. It's my favorite place to gamble and drink. I also love the wicked spoon buffet. Even though I don't stay here when I visit Las Vegas, I always stop by to gamble and always win ;)
Great hotel, nice rooms, very impressive customer service. Big thumbs up all around.
We stayed at this hotel for two separate two night stays.  We were on the 65th floor overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  I highly recommend this hotel.. . The decor and furnishing are modern and the amenities and casino are great!  . . We visited both the Boulevard and Bamboo pools and they are both super nice!
One of the best times in Vegas, loved my pent suite and the fact that my favorite club, Marquee was downstairs so I didn't have problems getting around. Alotta good times fit into one weekend, not bad. Will be back sin city.
I usually stay at the Wynn or Encore but decided to try somewhere new - and am glad we did.  The Cosmo is pleasantly modern and definitely has a young more chic vibe than the Wynn which is showing its age.  The location is great, and there is walk way access over the strip to the Plane Hollywood and it's shops and restaurants.  Another walkway crosses over to Crystals through which Aria can be accessed as well.  We stayed in a wrap-around balcony room with great views of the Bellagio fountains and the strip.  The room was very spacious compared to what we get at the Encore for a similar price - we had a washer and dryer, kitchen, as well as a separate bedroom and 2 baths.  Self-parking was easy to use.  The was plenty of live music, and the casino is just the right size.  All the staff members we came in contact with were fantastic.  There are several pools to choose from.  We ate in two restaurants at the Cosmo (the Overlook cafe and Holsteins) - both were very good.  The fish tacos at Overlook and the mini-lobster tails in hotdog buns with sweet potato fries at Holsteins were awesome.
One of the most gorgeous hotels on the strip! Hip, pretty, and an opulent feel......ahhh it's Vegas. The staff was wonderfully helpful when we asked where the restaurant was that we had our reservation. We had dinner at Milos and then went downstairs to the Chandelier bar for cocktails. . Loooove the decor in here. What a cool place to hang out!
I love the rooms, the location, even the gambling!  And I lost money!  It's a good thing that my friends get comps here cuz I wouldn't have been able to see a room otherwise.  They had a great view of the strip and almost a full kitchen!  Complete with dishwasher!  Who washes dishes in Vegas?!  I guess you have the option if you want, but I thought it was hilarious!  I would definitely consider staying here next time.  Hopefully I did enough gambling or lost enough money to get some comps!  Haha!
This is my new favorite hotel when I am headed to vegas. We stayed on the 51 floor, and wow what a view of the vegas strip, INREA. Big rooms and best of all they have a balcony that hold about 10 people. Room service never goes wrong in vegas so that went well too. But wow what an amazing hotel, and the crowd was great too. The rooms where amazing. This hotel was originally built as condo's but the converted into hotel rooms, and they look amazing. Clean rooms clean bathroom and like I said you could step outside your room and get some fresh air.
awesome hotel!
I will never stay anywhere else in Las Vegas.  I have been vacationing in Las Vegas for over 25 years. Back in the day I stayed at the Sands.   More recently the Venetian and Four Seasons.  My experience at The Cosmopolitan far exceeded my expectations.   . . From check in with Mark who came out from behind his desk to bring us forward, engaged us in personal and proffessional conversation, offering us upgrades and still getting us swiftly through the process.  To every food and beverage stop we made.  Chris at The Henry where we enjoyed two excellant breakfasts.  Jayme at the Vesper bar.  Outstanding.  Had a great lunch by the pool as well as an excellant dinner at China Poblano.  We even had a great experience at the Secret Pizza.  And we didn't even check out the finer dining choices.. . The rooms.  Beautiful!  Huge!!  Balconies!!!  A real rarity in Las Vegas.  Well appointed and spotless.  we had a room two away from the elevator which I thought might be a noise issue.  I was aware the The Cosmopolitan has a reputation for having a younger crowd.  Never heard a sound from the hallway.  . . Again, myself and my husband, together and separately, travel to Vegas every year.  We will be staying at The Cosmopolitan from now on.
Great casino, great nightclub, great bars, great people, beautiful people. !! love this casino/hotel!!
I like cosmopolitan, their customer service is excellent, from check in desk to room service to dine in at the restaurant , it was a great experience, cosmopolitan hotel definitely my top choice when I go to Vegas
I lived in Vegas for a year and this was my favorite hotel on the strip bar none.. . It is absolutely beautiful and dramatic inside. If you love pink, sparkly over-the-top opulence this is your place.. . I love art, fashion, and design and this is definitely a place for people who love those things!. . The chandelier bar is like a dream (my profile pic is in that bar!!), Marquee is a really fun club as clubs go, make sure you visit secret pizza at your night's end.. . The rooms are fantastic - balconies that have sweeping views of the strip. Either side of the hotel you stay on has a great view.. . During one stay I sat on the love seat of our balcony and watched the sun rise over the strip.. . I'm sitting in my office in New Orleans getting goose bumps thinking about it! Makes me miss living there. . . spend the extra $ and stay at Cosmo.
I fell in love... and I fell hard with the Cosmopolitan! My girlfriend and I decided to do a last minute 24 hour Vegas trip and wanted something sexy and girlie.. We got exactly what we wanted. . . We asked for an upgrade and we got one! We got upgraded to the Terrance Suite over looking the fountain! .     King-size bed.     910 sq. ft., 1 bedroom.     160 sq. ft. terrace with panoramic views.     2 bathrooms with master bubbler tub.     Telescoping doors separate living area from bedroom area.     Modern kitchenette with microwave and refrigerator. . The room was F'en amazing.. from the entry to the kitchen to the bedroom to the terrace back to the bathroom. The bed was super comfy my body just melted right into it. The decor was super fab and inviting. . . The view from the terrace over looked the water show so you can only imagine what it was like when night fall set in and the waters came out to play..  My GF and I sat outside the terrace for one of the water shows, sipping our wine, looking at each other and then at the view and just laughed it up.  . . Oh I almost forgot!! They have a washer/dryer in the suite! Dirty the sheets.. lol you can wash it! ;) . . It is pricey to stay here and the Cosmo does not have a "late check-out" policy so make sure you check out on time.. otherwise be ready to pay a hefty price! . . Our trip was an adventure with twists and turns, a girl version of the Hang Over. Can't wait to go back!
I've stayed at the four seasons, and a lot of other quality hotels and this hotel takes the cake. Absolutely the best in terms of space, comfort and luxury. I feel like a king every time I stay here and I stay every chance I get. . I'm a degenerate gambler and if I could, would spend my entire time in Vegas gambling in some way or another, but when I stay here, I always enjoy just lounging around. The rooms are phenomenal. . My only complaint is that the remotes for the tv tend to be a  bit wonky and sometimes just plain difficult in doing what you want them to do. . . The casino itself is only a 3-4 star casino though. It's a great place to hang out late night and watch the prostitutes pick up on the businessmen. Gambling's okay. Most of the games are between a $15-$25 minimum. The casino bar (and by that I mean the drinks you get while your gambling) has skimped back a bit and although they serve fat tire which is great, how do you not offer new castle?! . . The Chandelier bar between on the 2 1/2 or 3 1/2 story is where it's at if you want to try some cocktails with some great chicanery. Ask for the Verbena, or the berries that make you blow smoke.
My fav hotel, staying here for the 3rd time soon! I would recommend staying at the top floor facing the bellagio fountains
This has got to be by far my favorite hotel on the strip.. . Went to Vegas this past weekend, and i was definitely impressed.. . The decor, the food, the atmosphere, the people, the clubs and nightlife, just everything was amazing.. . I really really REALLY wished i stayed here during my trip, but unfortunately it was pretty pricey for some odd reason for off season.. . The wicked spoon buffet is pretty much anyone's heaven of unlimited amazingly delicious variety of just about anything you could possibly eat. . . The decoration is very hip and trendy. The casino isn't so bad as well, even though I don't gamble too much.. . Love this place, next time, I'm definitely staying here!
Shit, there's a lot of reviews for the Cosmo. I better make mine stand out.. . The Cosmo is currently the newest hotel on the strip, and it shows. Everything about this place is clean, sparkly, and awesome. The check in lobby is an experience in itself. The elevators are fast and efficient, and the casino is large and in charge. There's a sweet bar in the middle called the Chandalier, I think. It is three stories and boasts good bartenders that know their drinks. . . The boo and I had a terrace studio room, and it was well worth the high rate. It came with a super modern shower and soaking tub, and the best bed I've ever had in a hotel, hands down. Flat screen TV was awesome, and WiFi was good, even though you have to pay. . . Sometimes the front desk will give you a pass for the Marquee Nightclub. Use it and skip the douchebag line. The club itself gets its own review. . . There are plenty of stupid assholes here, but that's the whole strip. Also saw Joey Fatone at the Bond Bar, he was surrounded by his all male entourage, which tells you something about his sexual preference. Also, check out the hidden pizza joint, but make sure to find it before your drunken slosh binge. . . Anyways, five stars for good service, good bartenders, amazing rooms, lots of food choices, and for being the newest and nicest hotel on the strip. Hopefully it doesn't  turn to a steaming pile of hobo shit in 20 years. To your health!
If you know my tragic story of loss and heartbreak at the Cosmopolitan, then you'll appreciate even more the fact that I'm giving this place five stars.. . During a prior stay at this hotel, I had some type of mental break and ruined a relationship that I had thought was strong as steel.  I didn't blame the Cosmopolitan for my own stubbornness, but whenever I thought of this place, old memories were revived and it was too painful to consider.. . Flash forward nine months...the wounds on my heart still open.   I have to attend a conference that is being held at, you guessed it, the Cosmopolitan.  With much trepidation, I took a cab from the airport and entered the lobby I'd last left in tears.  Holding my head up high, much like Reba McEntire in the video for "Fancy", I checked in and went to my beautiful room in the West Tower.  Opening the door, I was blown away because this room was much nicer than the one I stayed at in the East Tower and it had a different layout so I wasn't reminded of my prior stay.. . The lyrical dance of the Bellagio Fountains right outside my window was a balm to my soul...a step in the process of healing.. . The service everywhere I went was outstanding.  It was so subtle, yet thorough, it was as if every person I came in contact with knew my secret pain and wished to ease it, if even in the slightest way.  . . Each successive day, I felt stronger and my heart was lighter than it had been in months.  I got to the point that I felt I didn't need to leave the hotel.  With fantastic bars and restaurants, it had everything I needed to have a great time.  By the end of my stay, I felt like Eloise at the Plaza (only a middle aged dude with a receding hairline and great legs instead of a little girl) and I never wanted to leave.. . But as happens, the conference ended and I had to return to New York.  The big difference was that this time, I left with a smile on my face and a spring in my step.. . Bless you, Cosmopolitan, for showing me that rebirth is possible.  Will I be able to love again.  Ah, who knows?  But thank you for helping me reach a place where I could even conceive asking that question.
We had an amazing experience at this hotel! They actually screwed our room up but made it right by giving us a very generous upgrade, thanks to Connie!
If I could give this hotel 10 stars, i certainly would. . . From the moment we walked in to check in, i was in love!!!  Check in was not bad what so ever, lines moved rather quickly.  The staff all helpful and amazing!.  Once we checked in to the 1 bedroom terrace suite on the 51st floor,  we headed up.  We were so excited to see the view from up there..since i've read RAVE reviews.  Well we were basically saying "wow!!"  the first 10 minutes after walking in the room.  Rooms impeccably clean, decor in the room...WOW!!!  Staff so amazing and very helpful & willing to go out of their way to send you in the right direction.  We were looking for the bell desk and asked a security to point us in the right direction.  Well not only did he show us the way, he walked us right up to the counter and waited until someone was able to help us.  . I will definitely be coming back, and referring all my friends and family to come here.  . Best hotel on the strip!
The COSMO is gorgeous, modern, full of great restaurants, bars, and clubs. Check in and service is very very inviting, friendly, and definitely 5 star. . . We brought a crew of 10 very high-class (meaning high-maintenance) friends and business associates here for New Years last year. The place felt brand new, the rooms were sexy, complete with a japanese soaking tub, and we watched fireworks and the Bellagio fountains from our balcony. PERFECT view. . . Beautiful place, I'd recommend anyone, from newbies visiting Vegas for the first time to Vegas lovers and even locals, stay here, dine here, gamble, party, etc... The Cosmo has the entire package.
GO GO GO GO. . What the Vegas experience should be like! New, Glamorously Hip and Awesome Service.. 3 day conference, went smooth rooms were awesome.. Pool party rocked!. Corporate catering and beverages better than many high-end strip offerings.
One word: SERVICE!!!!! . . This hotel has got it goin on! Not only are the rooms beautiful and the hotel super clean with a fabulous atmosphere ... The staff ... Everyone from the bell guys to the dealers to the bartenders .... Are absolutely world class in the service industry. . . They're not just helpful. They go out of their way. . If you ask where a restaurant is ... They don't just point and give directions ... They walk you there! It's above and beyond and it absolutely makes a difference. . . Food an drinks have also been awesome in every restaurant we've tried. . . Go Cosmo! Keep up the awesome work and I certainly won't be staying anywhere else in Vegas!
If you choose to stay at the Cosmo, be sure to stay in their Lanai Suites overlooking the Bellagio Water Fountains... Probably the best view of the strip and trust me I've been in rooms at Caesars Palace Wynn and Palazzo. . . This hotel is one of the newest on the strip and it is easy to get in and out of. . . They have a decent sized casino, an indoor outdoor pool/club(Marquee) and tons of eateries. . . Even if you never stay here at least give them a visit you'll leave full from all the eye candy... Seriously...
This hotel is fabulous, great crowd, hot rooms, and not all the typical Vegas Riff Raff.. . You will pay for everything, internet coffee etc, but keep an eye out for specials. We got a $150 resort credit for booking a 3rd night.
Gorgeous hotel with a fabulous selection of restaurants. I haven't stayed here yet but I would b/c it's one of those fancy hotels I like.
Are you a young, single, 20-something professional with some extra cash to burn and who wants to be seen?  Then the Cosmopolitan is for you.  Really cool hotel design.  Really beautiful crowd.  Great gaming floor.  Great bars within.  . . If you're looking for a more relaxed vibe, stay away.  hehe.
I love this hotel. Decor is beautiful and atmosphere is great. I will always be staying at this hotel when I return to Vegas. The beds were so comfortable, staff was always great and helpful. The bathroom was very neat with a see through shower. The pools were amazing! I would recomend this hotel to anyone traveling to Vegas for a great time!
The Cosmopolitan has quickly turned into one of my favorite Las Vegas hotels on the strip if you're looking for amazing views. We got a terrace studio with a fountain view for this past weekend, and I've got to say that it was amazing. The Cosmo is one of the few hotels that offer a balcony which allowed us to take into the Bellagio Fountains every night..   . Positives: . - Very chic. - Center lof the Las Vegas Strip (Location!). - No daily resort fee of $25. - Decent restaurants & Secret Pizza. - Now offering a $150 resort comp for stays of 3 nights and longer. - Clean and modern interior. . --. Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
They found my watch and returned it.   And, since the place is otherwise killer, back to 5-stars they go.
Alright. I'll be honest. I am kind of obsessed with The Cosmopolitan. Like...where do I even begin with this fine resort/EUPHORIC POWERHOUSE?!. . --Lodging Accommodations:. . **I stayed here for the first time back in October for my birthday, and we were lucky enough to snag one of their Wraparound Terrace Suites. Our party of 5 stayed comfortably in this suite, but we also added on a surprisingly comfortable roll-away. The room was obviously super luxurious, with 2 full baths, and a reasonably-sized kitchen with bar, microwave, freezer/refrigerator (tooootaaalllyyyy stuffed our liquor in these), etc.  The living area had a dining table for 4, coupled with a perfect wraparound (trend much...?), sectional couch that can sleep 2 smaller-stature people. The separate bedroom has the most glorious bed you will ever experience...like, ever (shout-out, T-Swift). I know that "sleeping on a cloud" is the cliche expression, but this is precisely what it felt like. We fit 2-3 on this each night (er...morning, technically), and 4 actually wasn't even that bad. And, of course the 500 sq. ft. terrace is the perfect touch on this suite-- there are 3 separate sliding doors surrounding the suite that all open up to the terrace.. TIP: We stayed in the West Tower with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains. Some people may balk at the WT because it "isn't right on the Strip," but trust me, if you have a fountain view: GET THE WEST TOWER. Why, youmay ask? Well, the east tower's north face has the Bellagio Bell-tower/clock right in front of it; and, starting early in the morning, all you will hear every hour is GOOONGGGG, GONNGGGGGGGGG by the bell slamming around. Kiss that minimal amount of uninterrupted sleep good-byeeee. Our other friend with us had a Terrace One-bedroom in the East Tower and voiced her dismay with the loud bell-tower. . . **My sister and I recently stayed in just their basic City Room over Thanksgiving break and were just as impressed. Very well-appointed rooms and MUCH nicer than Bellagio, which is typically more expensive! . FINAL NOTE: For lodging, don't hesitate to pick the Cosmo, even their most basic room. Gorgeous rooms with awe-inspiring views, luxurious bathrooms (oxymoron...?--maybe, but you know what I mean), and the best.beds.ever.. . **SUPREME LOCATION. I don't know of anything else that can top The Cosmo for their prime location; with Bellagio right to the north and CityCenter south, you'll have all you need. Caesar's isn't too far, either (just north of Bellagio).. . --Gaming. . **If you aren't a gambler, then this will be pretty irrelevant for your desires to stay here. However, this is unequivocally my favorite casino on the strip...and for a plethora of reasons! . 1) Machines to suit any player's palette. Several machines have competitive progressives. I last saw a $1 video poker machine at a progressive amount of $5,900 (normal payout=$4000 for a Royal Flush).. 2) The dealers and pit bosses I have encountered have been typically friendly and personable. One of the last pit bosses I had, Barry, was probably the most congenial pit boss I've encountered. . 3) I really like their Identity Players' Card system. Mostly for the fact that for every $1 you spend in the resort (spa, lodging, food & bev), you get 5 points! That's like $5 for every $100 spent. I'll take my 5% resort credit all daaay e'ry day. . 4) Very neat roulette tables-- whichever number hits, all outside bets (and the given number) legitimately LIGHT UP on the table. This is a very nice feature for the beginning roulette player. . 5) Well-lit, well-ventilated casino floor. It's right behind Wynn/Encore for smoke ventilation. . . --Bars & Restaurants. . **I either have current reviews for some places in the Cosmo (Book & Stage being one of them: http://www.yelp.com/biz/book-and-stage-las-vegas#hrid:uoTNNE0o67_BUiBRyUgNdw) or plan to write additional reviews (we have enjoyed D.O.C.G Enoteca and Scarpetta). The third floor has various fab dining options, and don't forget about the Secret Pizza for that late-night, post-Marquee, post-booze food! Speaking of Marquee.... . --Nightclub Scene: MARQUEE. . **Marquee Nightclub is going to be my next review, complete with tips (especially for us guys-- nightclubs love to nickel & dime us!) and handy-dandy info. For a true nightclub experience, Marquee will have you covered. Stand-by for that review!. UPDATE: Here it is: http://www.yelp.com/biz/marquee-nightclub-and-dayclub-las-vegas#hrid:D1rnDFtLao6aJts2xba5qQ. . . OVERALL: I love the rooms. I love the gaming, restaurant, and bar options. I love Marquee Nightclub. All in all, the Cosmo is THE place in Vegas right now and will continue to hold this status for a while with its hip and unique ambiance.
What's not to love about this hotel?!?  The rooms are gorgeous.  The bed is super comfy and the staff is great.  The restaurant selection is awesome although everytime we come here (which is every year for my husbands birthday) we only eat at three places, Estatorio Milos (lunch), Jaleo (dinner) and The Henry (breakfast).  This place definitely deserves 5 stars.  One catch, it's pretty pricey but hey it's fantasy land right?  Why not pretend to be a trust fund baby for a weekend?. . BTW, I have brought my 4 month old son and 2 small dogs here.  They were both accommodated, no worries :)  and they were very comfortable.
This resort is worthy of a 6 star, but extra clicks next to the 5th star didn't produce and extra star..... . This place fires on every cylinder possible.  Everything, and I mean everything, about this place is impressive - doesn't matter what entrance you walk in, what person you talk to, what restaraunt you eat at... it's all excellent.. . Upon entering, if you've been to Belagio, Wynn, Encore, Caesars... what I would consider the top notch casinos on the strip... you aren't greeted with any fancy fountains, erupting volcanos, circus acts, you are just greeted with elegance.  Elegance dashed with ultra contemporary, and at every turn, excellence in artistic work, from sculptures to paintings, and even the design elements are artistic in nature.  The lobby pillars are huge, huge tv's where the pillars rotate themes, from sultry dancing, to libraries, etc.  It's really stunning.. . The service... impeccible.  anytime I talked to someone about anything I needed or just for conversation they were above friendly and helpful.. . The room, wow.  Stunning.  These rooms were designed as lofts, and it shows, you really feel at home walking into the place, and the fact that your clock/radio has everything from the weather and complete control over the lighting in the room is fantastic.  The layout is fantastic with multiple large screen TVs and the living room TV swivels around, to boot.. . I'll be back... Oh yeah, I'll be back.
The Cosmopolitan is our first choice of course, to some it may be a little excessive with its' grand chandelier bar and stiletto statues throughout the conference level corridors but for me it's perfect. The hotel is located in city center and smack dab in the middle of the three-and-a-half-mile-long stretch of hotel-casinos known as the Strip. The big spectacles grab your attention first. The three-story chandelier with a multilevel bar and the rotating video panels on the lobby columns are immediate focal points. Pay attention to the smaller details as well: the restored cigarette machines that dispense packs of art instead of smokes; the banquettes in the lobby of tufted velvet with a working phone; the wall of album covers leading to the "hidden" pizza place, I never found. It's like staying in a museum with gaming tables. I was really impressed by the video pillars which I think make a great first impression, they change from library books to people trapped inside and one could easily fixate on these features for quite some time. . . . Up on the 32nd floor, I discovered an incredible view as I opened our Terrace View Studio Suite door. I think I would have to say this was the best of any room I've ever stayed in Las Vegas. The best thing about the room, besides the view of the Bellagio Fountains was the electrical outlets. These days I often travel with multiple gadgets so the more outlets the better! The Cosmopolitan gets it right with multiple outlets on each side of the bed, plus more on the walls and in the bathroom. I took a dozen photos out on the terrace and even invited some friends to watch the Fountain show with us. The technology in the room is also top notch; the television is intended to provide voicemail messages, a trip itinerary and access to room service, plus you can shut the lights off, change the room temp and check the weather report all from your bedside phone. The bed will have you struggling to get up in the morning, it was so comfortable. It's the details in the room that will win you over.
Beautiful hotel inside and out with modern edgy decor.  The rooms are quite nice with flat screens that offer multi function media and personalized greetings to the guests.  This hotel sits by the Bellagio and conveniently located directly across the Miracle Mile shops / Planet Hollywood.  Inside the hotel is the Wicked Spool buffet which is pricy but among the best in all of Vegas.  The casino floor is flooded with good looking people on weekend nights who arrive for the Marquee, their signature high-end celeb-filled pool side double floored night club.  I definitely recommend stopping by this Hotel on your next visit.  The sportsbook here sucks though and the table minimums are high.
One of my favorite hotels in Vegas, hands down.. . Like any great hotel there, you have your shops, casino, and yummy restaurants (like Wicked Spoon gourmet buffet). But, unlike other hotels, the ginormous, yet lovely Chandelier in the center of the hotel adds the extra Pizzazz to make you really feel like you're 'livin it up' in Vegas! And of course, it's the center of the strip for easy come and go access.. . But one of the top features that I love best is that there are 3 pools!. One pool is Marquee, fun, but only if you get your private table in the wading pool- away from the floating tanning oil-topped large pool.. . The second pool is for hotel guests only- must show your room key. It is a huge wading pool with pool showers, many lounge chairs, a DJ, a hot tub, and a Game room with foosball and televisions! I love this pool the most. It is the 'middle ground' when you want to take a day off from a packed day pool/club.. . Lastly, the third pool is small and quiet- for the 50+ yr olds/families.. . The rooms are always nice- either purple or orange! And Cosmo actually has balconies with great views for cool photo-ops!. . And if you plan way in advance (3 mths ahead)- we get rooms for $350-450, and between 4 people, it's not a big deal for a GREAT hotel and great location!
Lovely. Bangin'. Drop-dead Gorgeous.. . You instantlyfeel all of the above upon crossing through their glass doors. The decor is modern, technologically hip, aesthetically appealing, shiny, sparkly minus any, and all, intent of gaudiness. . . We stayed in their wraparound suite on the 38th floor which overlooked a pretty active part of the strip. Our balcony provided for the most stunning views at night as we were among the lights and glamour of the Paris, Bellagio, Aria, and Planet Hollywood. The use of the word 'breathtaking' would most definitely be an understatement. The rooms were not-so lavishly decorated either but just evenly so.  It sorta also makes you feel like you're in a Scarface scene and young Michelle Pfeiffer would soon walk out of the bathroom looking like her fine self while she dusted off her nose. . . Like most of the other establishments, Cosmopolitan is a one-stop shop. There's a coffee shop, a few clothing stores, lots of restaurants, a super 'wicked' buffet, the Marquee Day/Night club, the Chandelier Bar, a secret restaurant, tables, slots, other smaller fun stores to whip through as well as a bunch of memorabilia and fancy artwork and prints to admire. My fave was the giant-sized Christian Louboutin creation: it was a red bottom with a prosthetic/robotic heel - for lack of a better description - that will have to suffice.  It was mega-awesome *sigh*. . If you don't think it can get any better, it actually does with the help of their pool; it totally tops off the hotel. It is lavish, accommodating, spacious and clean.  I don't think a pool can get any more attention than this one.. . Staff here are very friendly and attentive. They sure help to make your experience one that is worthwhile and memorable.  Looking forward to staying here again soon.  I'm sure it will be just as fabulous!
Best hotel in Las Vegas, hands down. If you don't want to walk on carpet that looks 500 years old while enjoying MODERN decor/cuisine/nightlife/slots/games etc...then this is the place for you! We have stayed here several times and each time gets better and better.. . * There are unique and brand new slots. * A lot of rooms come with kitchens as a lot of rooms were initially meant to be sold rather than rented as a hotel room. * You can become a VIP gambling client after only a few days of staying with the hotel (not by playing slots really but if you play card games and for example play roulette at $200 a hand at times, adds up quick). - No poker room. - If you gamble high limit, they definitely take advantage and switch the dealer/you mysteriously start loosing after you play hundreds of dollars a hand so I wouldn't advise gambling here...I know that Vegas have "cheaters" that are professional people who are hired by the casinos to cheat the clients but here it's like a DUH moment where you just KNOW that they are doing this...other casinos it's not AS obvious.... . but for the actual rooms, they are so modern and unique. They invested a crap load of money into this hotel and it shows at every crack and crevice.. . If you are under 80 and want to visit Las Vegas, this is the place to stay!
This is by far the best hotel and Vegas, Nice and clean and you can tell its brand new. I would love to stay at this hotel next I visit. It beautiful and huge and I feel fancy just bing in here. I love it!
The crown for the undisputed king of kings of Las Vegas hotels resides with the Cosmopolitan.  . . My god, I've never seen a hotel that just mixed everything I've always wanted in the same place.. . 1.  Modern amenities, yet staying classy? Check.. 2.  A ridiculously fantastic room with an awe-inspiring view? Check.. 3.  Great service? YEP.. 4.  Top-class food? Check.. 5.  Best nightclub in Las Vegas? SUPER CHECK.. . It's hard for me to really describe the hotel with regards to the way it looks.  Quite simply though, the Cosmo has "IT."  Somehow, it combined a ultra contemporary design with the classiness of a Wynn/Encore but amazingly without the overt pretentiousness.  Sometimes, I feel like rolling into Wynn or Encore that if I'm not a balla, I really have no business being there.  In contrast, even with how nice the Cosmo is, you never feel like the hotel is too good for you at any moment you're in it.. . The rooms...yeah, they may be a little overpriced compared to other Vegas hotels.  But come on, you in VEGAS son.  You come to Vegas, you gotta roll deep as hell and get a room worth rollin deep for.  Terrace Suite is...wow.  You get what you pay for, I will say as much as that.  The hotel's ultra contemporary/modern design carries over into the rooms.  What else?  TWO bathrooms (very convenient when you have guys/girls staying together).  A freaking oven and washer/dryer (yeah, I know the Cosmo was designed for condos originally, but I'm still shocked they kept it around).  Two huge HDTVs (not that anyone's staying in the room all day, but hey at least it's nice to have).  Oh, and that unfettered view of the Bellagio fountains....yeah, I think you could do worse for views.  Quite frankly, you are getting great value for money.. . Also love the phones in the room.  It seriously makes getting help pretty much as dumbproof as you can get.  Every time I called for a request (TV system needed resetting, extra towels, needed maid service), it was promptly answered.  Not just that, but they called back to confirm everything went well.  That's called giving a damn, and I appreciate it.. . Food.  All you need to know is STK, Wicked Spoon Buffet, Holstein's, Secret Pizza.  All I'll say for now, since I'll drop my knowledge on that later, is that you will not run out of options for cheap food, top-class food, and anything in between.  Again, you honestly never feel out of place here because there's always something affordable if you want it.. . And Marquee, I'll save the details for my Marquee review.  But I will say this: BEST CLUB EVER.. . Yeah, I'm never staying anywhere else again if I'm on staying on the Strip.. . . P.S. I could've upgraded to the Wraparound Terrace Suite for $100 total (for two nights).  Kinda wish I did, but I needed to see the smaller version first.. . P.P.S. The greatest thing about that phone is the "Lights Off" and "Lights On" options.  Lights Off is self-explanatory, and makes my life a HELL of a lot easier.  Lights on though?  It's great to bomb people in the morning when they're all hungover. :P. . P.P.P.S. Do NOT underestimate how clutch it is to be able to WALK TO THE CLUB BECAUSE IT IS IN YOUR HOTEL.  This right here probably saves you at LEAST $40-$50 in cab fare, and I don't even know how much of a price you can put on the time saved.  Oh, and for whatever (insert reason here) to bounce early?  I'd say it's a bit easier to walk back to the room than wait in a massively long line at 4 AM for a cab.  And having Secret Pizza in the same hotel that Marquee is at?  I mean, this isn't even fair at this point.  Just bow down man.
- The Cosmo just seems so cool.. - They're parking garage has lights which indicate if the space is empty (green) or taken (red), and I'm not sure but maybe blue means handicap.  The digital signage (eg "Level B3: 47" spots open) and green/red/blue lights makes it a cinch to find an open spot.. - Cosmo's Comme Ca and Estios Milos has excellent 3-course lunch specials for about $20.  . - There's a free pool table to use and $5 artwork dispensing Art-O-Mat machines.
I hadn't been to Vegas since a friend's wedding in 2004 and I hadn't missed it. At all. So it's safe to say I am definitely not what you'd call a "Vegas person." However limited my knowledge of contemporary Vegas may be, even I have seen those creepy/cool commercials when the Cosmopolitan launched a couple of years ago (set to Black Rebel Motorcycle Club's "Spread Your Love", thumbs up), and their tagline "Just the Right Amount of Wrong" is pretty cheeky and intriguing. Plus I'd heard about their pretty impressive art collection and that seemed like something worthwhile to see. If I were to want to go to any hotel in Vegas it'd probably be this one. So when a friend's bday came up and we wanted to do something pretty special we decided on a Vegas weekend at the Cosmopolitan. From the moment you enter their parking structure you know this is going to be a cool experience. The walls decorated with work from some of the most renowned contemporary graffiti artists? Check. The lobby that looks like an airport from some luxe future? Check. Modern, comfortable rooms with some interesting touches like a glass wall in the shower that can be revealed by someone opening blinds from the outside? Check! . . The four of us shared a City Room in the West Tower that had two queen beds and one bathroom. Two sinks though, which was a plus. For being their basic room it was pretty darn nice. Loved the comfy beds and the decor, and the fantastic view from our 50th-story window looking down on the Bellagio fountain! But thumbs down on the pay WiFi ($15/night for two devices wtf) and minibar and snack tray with sensors that will charge you if you even move the items around! We were given a helpful warning by the guy who checked us in so we avoided that trap. After unpacking and freshening up we decided to take a gander around the place and we were suitably impressed. The casino is an afterthought in this place, which was great because that is the tackiest part of any Vegas hotel, as far as I'm concerned. We blew by the noisy blinking machines and the tables and headed up the escalators to check out their shops, restaurants, and bars. We decided to save the Wicked Spoon buffet for the next night and instead opted to go try out a couple of different eateries, like China Poblano and Secret Pizza (individual reviews to follow). There was even an artist-in-residence gallery that had an interesting exhibit called "Exchange Your Luck." They have all kinds of interesting contemporary art everywhere, actually, and it added a lot to the experience for me.. . The next day we checked out their Ice Rink, which was one of their pools frozen over. As such, it was pretty small and not really worth skating on, but it looked like a lot of kids were having fun. It was one of the few "kid" things at this place, as this hotel is geared more toward adults (which is one of the reasons why we enjoyed it so much, truth be told). We had a good time watching the skaters as we sat around one of the many fire pits drinking spiked cocoa drinks and making s'mores--it was a chilly day and it was a nice way to while away a couple of hours in the afternoon. We spied a jacuzzi in this pool area and we were thinking some hot tub time was in order. We were hoping the pool in the West Tower was open, but alas it was not, which meant we had to trek across to the East Tower in our robes and towels, lol. We drew some stares walking past some of the shops and stuff but at least we didn't have to walk through the casino! The jacuzzi was REALLY nice, and we got warm enough to not loath getting out. That night we decided to go to the Marquee nightclub for our friend's bday celebration, since it was in the hotel and all. There was some superstart DJ in town so the club was packed, and even though we thought we'd secured free entrance for all of us via a connection, turns out it was only for the wimmins--they still wanted the guy in our party to pay $50! Craziness. We all managed to get in and have a good time, but I really feel no desire to go back if I have to pay :P Whew, all in all an amazing weekend--I definitely wouldn't mind coming back to this hotel if the opportunity presents itself again!
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!  . . Our room had the works: a dining room, fully stocked kitchen, bar, living room, 2 balconies, a separated bedroom, a washer/dryer unit, 2 bathrooms w/1 of them being a size of a NYC apartment and had a jacuzzi in it, and them some ... I mean ANYTHING we could've wanted or needed that weekend was in the room. -- Oh, and did I mention the view from the room?  We could see the entire strip and watch Bellagio's water show over and over again.  Just A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!. . Of course the lobby is just as breathtaking, especially the chandelier bar.  I have nothing negative to say ... seriously, I tried and I can't think of one =X.. . After staying at this hotel I seriously cannot imagine staying anywhere else.. . P.S. The pools and clubs at the hotel are totally up-to-par as well ... this hotel just does not know how to disappoint.  ;)
There is always action at the Cosmo. They have a bunch of fun bars and lounges to choose from - and great restaurants.  It's right smack dab in the middle of the strip and everyone goes there. . . One of the downfalls is parking and walking through the casino.  They don't have enough valet guys to take all the cars when you arrive, but leaving is very efficient. Also, because it's so busy, it's hard to walk throughout without bumping into people all the time. . . Overall, the rooms are nice and the staff is great no matter where you are.  We always have a great time at the Cosmo.
Huge city view suite including a view of the bellagio water show, bone marrow at the buffet, friendly craps dealers, attentive cocktail waitresses, trendy decor, basically all the makings of a great hotel in vegas.  Only qualm I have with this place is the lack of a poker room, but making the trip the nearby Aria or PH, should satisfy any of your poker cravings.   They even have a climate controlled comfy lounge to hang out in while waiting for the valet.
Great hotel! The staff was super friendly, would stay there again.
This is my new favorite hotel on the Strip!  I am sad that it took me so long to check it out.  If I hadn't had friends in town staying there I still would know how fabulous it is.    Both rooms I saw were amazing, a suite and a regular room.  It's the only hotel I've been in on the Strip that offered real balconies.  As a local I also appreciate how easy it is to get to this property without every driving on the Strip.  During their stay we ate at China Poblano, Comme Ca, and Holsteins.  We also had drinks at Chandelier.  did miss Secret Pizza so a return trip to Cosmo is on my to do list!
I can't say enough great things about this hotel. Came here with two of my girlfriends for a quick summer getaway. The room was not ready under my name because I had borrowed my dad's card to book it. Within minutes, we were comped $100 to the Holstein's restaurant upstairs for food and drinks. We were also given 3 free breakfasts at the Wicked Spoon (which was so freaking good, btw). Holstein's was also amazing. . . The room was really nice and spacious. We had a great view of the strip. We loved the different pools and switched it up everyday at a new one. The hotel had a variety of different restaurants to pick from and we never got bored. The casino was great as well, and we even spotted a few celebrities. I would definitely come back to this hotel next time I come to Vegas.
Sexy sexy sexy hotel! . . A few notes...in place of finding a bible in the nightstand I find a book on Kama sutra....interesting, very interesting. On that same note, lube & condoms in the mini bar (probably the most useful item I've ever seen in a minibar). No coffee pots (or coffee mugs) in your room. If youre halfway frugal like I am, bring your own...problem solved. The rooms with the balcony and Bellagio views are worth it. Older folks kinda stick out here........no grannies with fanny packs here, no siree!. . The resort fee is lame but whatever...... . When I come back to Vegas to lose more money this will def be a place I stay again!
The Cosmo is the best spot for the young crowd who wants to be in the center of the action. The decor is contemporary and fun. The chandelier is a must-see. I love the fact that these rooms have balconies. It was amazing being able to stand outside on the balcony, enjoying the fresh air and seeing what is going on up and down the strip. The location is prime and there is so much going on at the hotel that you practically don't have to go anywhere else. . . The bathrooms were high-end and the showers were clean and huge. I felt that the room was very clean and the satellite radio on the TV was a bonus! I haven't seen that before and it allowed us to keep the music pumping all weekend without having to worry about controlling an iPod. I stayed in the Wraparound Terrace Suite and it was so amazing that I feel too spoiled to stay anywhere else from now on! I have no complaints about this hotel and I can't wait to stay there again. . . We came on a Cyber Monday deal that we booked back in November. The deal was AMAZING. I don't think you can beat it for any hotel out there. So definitely keep an eye out for that once the time comes around.
Perfect view, Marquee day/night club at the top, right on the strip, whats not to love?? other than the price of course, but hey, its Vegas right?. . The rooms are really nice.  We stayed in a suite that had balcony with a beautiful view of the water show next door to the Belagio and a gorgeous view of Vegas itself. The nice thing also is you walk outside and across the street is Planet Hollywood with their inside mall!. Close by to everything from other hotels, restaurants to clubs.. . The room was very spacious.  I've had bad  experiences with hotel beds and pillows, even at the Vegas hotels. I feel like the pillows sometimes are too soft, or too elevated for me where I wake up with my neck all stiff. Normally the beds are too soft that you sink in them, how are you suppose to get busy with a woman if you can't keep yourself balanced or from sinking in?? Any who, I didn't have a problem with that at the Cosmopolitan.  I actually managed to get some rest to continue the partying the following night.  What I really loved from our suite, was the bathroom.  The bathtub had its own jets built-in that made it into a personal, one seat er jacuzzi.  I sat my ass in that bathtub for about an hour, dying from my hangover.  Surprisingly, it help!. . Service was excellent, the price is a little steep, but totally worth the experience.  If your a "weekend warrior" that likes to go to Vegas often, try the Cosmopolitan at least once, pretty sure you'll like it.  Make sure you get a room on the side of the building that gets that water show from the Belagio!
The levels to which I love this hotel cannot begin to be described. But, since this is Yelp, I'm going to do my best.. . The first thing that's worth noting about this hotel is that it's a Marriott property. That means if you have status with Marriott (which, fortunately I do) you'll get free wifi and (for platinum level), two free passes to the Wicked Spoon buffet for breakfast (which is amazing, but that's a topic for another review.). . The lobby sets the tone for the rest of the experience. They advertise as "just the right amount of wrong" and it really is. If you've ever been to The Standard hotel the Cosmopolitan will strike you as a slightly more upscale/toned down version of that.. . When you walk in through the valet entrance you're greeted by the lobby with these "magical pillars". I actually have no idea what they're called, but they're cool. They'll show different elevator type scenes, some of them a bit risque. You'll probably find yourself standing there watching, mesmerized, waiting for someone to release that poor trapped woman from the foggy glass room she's trapped in.. . Just off of the lobby is the Vesper Bar. The bar specializes in classic cocktails and bartenders who really know their craft. In all the times I've stopped by there, which is many, I've always been very impressed with the bartenders. As for the waitresses there (and the rest of the complex for that matter), let's just say "they hire well" - attentive, friendly, and rather attractive - just the way you want your cocktail waitresses to be.. . Past the lobby opens up into one of the nicer casinos I've seen. I must confess I haven't done much gambling there as I tend to gamble on the cheap and the limits are generally a bit too rich for my blood. But my wife does love the penny slots there.. . As you meander through the casino there's a nice little sports bar on the right side. Good beer selection and a nice place to grab some greasy food to fight off the hangover from the night before. Through to the other end of the casino is the Chandelier Bar, which is enormous and breathtaking. It's built inside of a huge, well, chandelier. It's three stories tall, with a bar on each story. I have to say I much prefer the bartenders back at Vesper.. . If you head upstairs you'll find a little shopping area, which did little to impress me. However, there are quite a few good restaurants around the area, including Scarpetta (do yourself a favor and try the duck foie gras ravioli. You'll thank me later) and Holstein's Shakes & Buns.. . If you're lucky enough to be staying here, ask, plead and beg for a room that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. It's one of the best views in Vegas. But even if you're not fortunate to be blessed with a great view, the rooms are outstanding.. . They're wired to the max. Every room I've stayed in has had a living area and a bedroom, with ample space for each. The couch in the living area is comfortable, and a perfect place to relax with a little TV or simply collapse if you don't have the energy to make it to the bed. The beds are uber comfortable. The bathrooms are huge, and depending on the room have a clear glass wall separating you from the shower area.. . If you're not lucky enough to get a room with a view (either of the Bellagio, or of the shorty you brought back to your room showering), you may still be lucky enough to have a balcony. Yes - balcony. Perfect for relaxing with a nice cigar and a couple of friends swapping Vegas stories.. . Having stayed here several times now I must admit I'm spoiled. I can't imagine staying anywhere else on the strip. Posh. Great rooms. Amazing atmosphere. Central strip. Great views. Remarkable staff. This is my home in Vegas.
This just became my favorite place in Vegas, I'm sorry palazzo for cheating on you from now on....  I don't need to go out see the strip, I can see the most amazing view from my balcony ...this place make me not wanna go out, and just stay in relax, chill, watch tv, lay in the balcony get a tan...  in the morning I go to 3rd floor, the way to all the restaurants there's a lil corner with a grand piano, I play for a bit to relax and it just starts off my day. 2nd floor they got all the shops, stores, which the chandelier bar is located there as well. It is so beautiful and so me!! bling bling!! . . we had room service everyday, and it was the best room serviceI ever enjoyed in vegas. Their foods are restaurant quality, very well prepared. Even tho its a convenient location being the center city you can walk to anywhere to grab a bite, but I prefer not to leave this place at all. its too comfy, cozy, beautiful modern design with a classy touch.
On a recent trip to Las Vegas I was able to stay at the Cosmopolitan hotel.  This was my first visit to this hotel but I had seen it featured on various TV shows over the past couple years.  As the cab pulled under the garage space, I knew I was in the right place, it was just like on TV with the lines of limos pulled in front of the entrance doors.  . . As I walked inside, I noticed quickly how updated and clean the lobby area was.  I was quickly greeted in the check-in line and by a staff member who was directing people to the open check-in desks.  I had a few min. wait before it was my turn but it's to be expected in LV.  At check-in I was promptly given my keys and was pointed to the West tower elevators. This is the nicest of all Marriott properties I have ever stayed at.  . . First let me tell you about my pillow top mattress, this is possibly the most comfortable hotel mattress I have ever slept on.  It might even be better than the Bellagio beds which I am a big fan of.  The bathroom was huge and the glass shower on one side and a tub on the other.  The room was fully upgraded and I enjoyed my view of the Bellagio Fountains from my room.. . There are many bars at this property and tons of machines for gambling.  The entire place is well kept and very clean.. . The Cosmo is centrally located on the Strip so no matter where you want to go, it's quick to walk to most places.  It was nice to be able to walk to New York New York and Caesars without tiring myself out too much.   . . My only complaint is the lack of casual dining restaurants.  I was looking for some type of casual sports bar to sit down and have a quick lunch at, but everything seemed a bit too fancy for me.  I ended up eating at a different hotel but it was a quick walk away.. . I would stay here again in a heartbeat... I really like this hotel and can't wait to visit again soon.
I love this hotel so much that it's hard to know where to begin. I've stayed here six times and am always itching to go back. I will let the photos speak for themselves but will say this:. . *Get the one bedroom terrace with the soaking tub overlooking the strip. Ask for the highest floor available. Just. Do. It. And then sit in that tub at sunset and watch the lights of Vegas come alive.. *Take time to read through the books and look at the artwork in the rooms. It's amazing.. *Take a shower with only the lights from the strip illuminating you. The tiny tiles are so beautiful in that light.. *Sleep in the bed as much as being in Vegas will allow you. It is THE MOST COMFORTABLE bed I've slept in anywhere in the world.. *EXPLORE the property. The later the better so there are less people. There are nooks and crannies everywhere with hidden beautiful surprises.. *Sit on all levels of the chandelier bar very late at night, if possible. Sometimes you'll be the only people there and it is sublime.. *Take time to look at all of the album covers covering the walls and ceiling of the pizza joint.. *Gamble. Surprisingly loose slots for such a glorious property.. *Go to the Bond bar while the girls are still dancing in the windows. Stay long enough for their 'shift changes', it's amazing to watch how it works.. *EAT at the Wicked Spoon buffet. This is NOT your ordinary amazing Vegas buffet. Go HUNGRY and try every little thing. I'm a chef by profession and this place curls my toes.. *Explore the parking garage. It is beautiful. It's ok if you don't have a car.. . Never have I experienced such personable customer service in Vegas as I have here. From the person answering the phone to the front desk to the housekeeping staff to the pit bosses. All of it... Nowhere else in Vegas will be getting my $. From my first visit I was hooked. I love you, Cosmo.
Love the terrace suites , and the wrap around suites they have 150ft balconies they give you plenty of room.  I got one over looking the bellagio water fountain spectacular. The down side was is the girls didn't want to leave but what can you do Vegas right. the casino looks like a club the music is great. casino host Chris Shaffer is one of the best on the whole strip hands down. the club Marquee is great they don't just let in any yaahooo off the street. i wish i could remember more but i have pictures coming :)
Best hotel on the strip, without a doubt. Also, great perks for being marriott platinum. Have been several times in their terrace and terrace suites - unparalleled conveniences and styling.
I just got back from a girls weekend in Vegas and we stayed here.  We originally booked a terrace suite, but were offered an upgrade upon arrival for a small fee.  So worth it!  The room was AMAZING!  Service was great and staff is friendly.  we tried two of the restaurants: The Henry and Holstein's, both of which were awesome.  Walking distance from the new City Center and great location on the strip.  We loved it for a girls weekend because the hotel itself is absolutely stunning.  Glass chandeliers and glossy white everywhere.  love it!
Oh no....not another boring review for a hotel. NOT!  Here's an interesting story when I last went to Cosmopolitan a few months back. . . Waiting for the elevator to my room...... . Door opens.. . Guy with a cap on one side (SEMA badge worn around his neck) and a girl on the other side. This dude is like scanning me from top to bottom. I tried not to make any eye contact and mind my own biz.. . I stepped in the middle.. . Guy with a cap:. "Are you going to SEMA?". . (hmmm I forgot I had on the SEMA badge too). Me:. "Yes.". . Guy with a cap:. "You are so attractive, Are you one of the models?". . Me:. "Thanks....but no I'm just here to see the show.". . Guy with a cap:. "Are you sure you're not one of the models?!  Anyway you should stop by my booth. I want to show you some of our products maybe we can use you to model our stuff.". . ....the other girl steps out of the elevator to her floor. (oh shit). . Me:. "Oh yeah sure....". . ....the elevator stops at the next floor. (oh good he's leaving). . Guy with a cap:. "Let's chat a little more later. Can I have your number? I'd like to get to know you more.". . Me:. "Oh no thank you I don't hand out my number and I have a boyfriend.". . Guy with a cap:. "Oh come on, I just want to be friends. I just want to talk to you and get to know you.". . ....the elevator door opens, he steps out and props the door opened with his body to corner me.. (this dude's not gonna leave me alone). . Me:. "Yeah okay....here it is xxx-xxx-xxxx.". . Guy with a cap:. "Great I'm gonna call you right now.". . (fuck, Sharr is sweating now). ....he calls that mystery number, puts it on speaker and it starts ringing. . Guy with a cap:. "Hey that's not your cell.". . Me (unfortunately I was holding my cell phone in my hand in plain view):. "Yeah this is my work phone and I just gave you my personal number at home.". . ....answering machine came on with some random lady's voice (phew). He wasn't paying attention cause this dude was still talking to me....something about texting me to that number.. . Me:. "Yeah....yeah sure.". . Guy with a cap:. "Great I'll call you again later. Maybe I'll see you at the show.". (oh good God....hell NO). . The elevator door closed finally and I jumped for joy.  . . Close call Sharr. Close call.. . The hotel is magnificent by the way. I got the suite. I love my private patio, the Marquee at the top (girl gets in free), the Chandelier Bar, crazy pervs and slutvilles running around.....I love it all!! It's Vegas baby!. . I just have to make sure I don't run into that perv again, lol.
We stayed here for a week the week of Christmas.  It was a dream.  Top notch everything.  . We had a suite with a Japanese soaking tub, which I would recommend to anyone interested in going.  It was seriously a highlight of the entire vacation.  We also upgraded to a view of the Bellagio fountains.  We weren't planning on doing this, but decided to when we were checking in, and thought that we live modestly the entire rest of the year, and why not upgrade?!. So here we are in our tub in our awesome suite.  What's next?. . The buffet is F$@#%#@%%$# awesome.  Get there early for breakfast and you'll have your socks knocked off.. . The casino is the best I've seen in Vegas.  Not too smokey and not too old.  Just perfect with good, FREQUENT service.  Yes. Yes. Yes.. . The restaurants in the Cosmo: yeah, they're expensive, but HELLO, you ARE in Vegas.  Get used to it. At least here, you feel like you're getting something for your money as opposed to the Bellagio where ( I personally) felt ripped off for the money I was shelling out.  . . After staying a week in Vegas and seeing and spending time in other casinos, I can safely and confidently say, that I will never (money allowing) stay anywhere but the Cosmo.  It won me over in every way possible.  I LOVE THE COSMO!!!!!!
The review is for their cool bar and friendly staff.  Service was speedily and drinks were perfect  Great atmosphere too.
In love.. We stayed while we were in town for the Furniture Market. We had a one bedroom suite with a deck, and a japanese soaking tub. It was truly heaven. . Check in went pretty smooth, we did it outside at the desk instead of waiting in line. . They did give our other group a key to the wrong room! Someone was still staying there. But they gave them a $30 dining credit. . . Everything about the room was perfect, the furniture, lights, wall paper, etc. Perfect for two girls in their 20's. We had a view of Aria, the empty tower, MGM, etc all the way down that side of the strip. Having a deck in vegas is absolutely amazing! It is worth it just for the outside space. I love going to sleep hearing the city noise. . I would 110% recommend staying here to anyone! . . There are great food choices on the 2nd floor, don't forget secret pizza! . Dreaming of coming back soon!
Wow!  Cool hip trendy chic hotties abound in this casino/hotel that is off the chains.  You definitely need to dress to the nines, come to impress and be ready to work it when you stay or visit this hotel.. . Absolutely loved the vibe. Would stay here in LV next time. :)
Easily one of the best places on the strip.  Stayed there recently in one of the Terrace rooms, very comfortable, service and amenities were on point.. . Pros:. . -Great Decor, a sort of "old school, new rules" type of vibe. -Great Hotel bars.  This is one of the only places in Vegas that you can legitimately bar hop in without having to pay for a wristband of some type.. -Great selection of restaurants (including a clutch late night pizza spot).  It's also connected to Aria through the Crystal shop which has an awesome English pub.. -Consistently hip and fund crowd, good dealers, and good drink service on the gambling floor. . Cons:. -Price.  Like the other hot hotels on the strip, pretty much everything is pretty expensive here, from the table limits right down to the late night pizza.  You get what you pay for though, and hey, it's Vegas
I absolutely loved it here. The hotel is very high-end modernistic, but still possesses the old school/retro vibe to it. The room was fantastic; we had a one bedroom angled suite with a kitchenette, two bathrooms (both with a shower, one with a Japanese soaking tub which was awesome!), a King sized bed, and a great lounge area in the entrance. The balcony was super nice too, it overlooked the Bellagio fountain and we were on the 57th floor so we could see pretty much the entire strip from Paris north. The hotel staff are super friendly, they upgraded us from a normal baseline room to the suite when I told them it was my girlfriend's birthday (and it was Chinese New Year weekend, so it was moderately packed). What a great place to stay, I will definitely be coming back!
I enjoyed it here, had a city room, must admit was a bit nervous after reading the negative reviews on trip advisor. I brought earplugs but didn't need them. LOVED being able to set wake up alarm on tv to turning lights on.  Staff interactions exceeded expectations.
Debated between a few hotels on the strip, but wanted modern amenities near the action and got it all here.  JetBlue upgraded us for free to a suite which made the package and stay better than expected.  Close to other attractions, good service, and clean!  For the price, we couldn't be happier
I really liked this place. The unique decor and style make this a fun place to stay/hang out. Also this is a pretty fun place to hit the Casino, it just feels different than the others maybe it's because you're not sitting next to large Marge or something.... I don't know.. Anyway, a solid bet.
This is the type of hotel experience you expect when you go to Vegas. There are limos and town cars everywhere as you walk into the lobby with it's blaring music and crowded bars. Your handed some champagne and your luggage is whisked away while you check in so they can get you to the casino as quickly as possible.. This is where I diverge from most people, I head straight upstairs to get an a massive goat cheese cheeseburger from Holsteins. Anyways, I've diverged.. . The rooms are amazing, I highly recommend the Bellagio-fountain-facing rooms on the upper floors with the massive wrap around patios. I was there last on the 4th of July so it was great to watch the fireworks show as the fountains were going off.. . The outdoor spaces were also spectacular. Reserving some seats at the pool was a steal with the massive food and beverage credit they give!
I love it here.. I've been going to Vegas for years, and there is always a churn of what is the place to be, and what is growing old.. . For me, the Cosmopolitan is where I want to be in Vegas these days. The Aria, next door, looks great on the outside, but on the inside is just sort of blah - that said, The Aria seems great for a large number of people, and I'm probably just being snobby.. . But The Cosmopolitan even passes my strongest snobbery tests.. . Location-wise, it is excellent - between Bellagio and Aria/Crystals. The interior decor is fantastic - cool art, moving video installations, and even the parts that sound like they would be tacky (huge multiple story hanging crystal chandelier bar) are actually pretty cool.. . Bond bar is tiny but fun (gets crowded fast on weekends) with its go-go dancers, Vesper by the check-in is great for people watching. The Henry has 24 hour food and isn't too expensive (although I'm sure you can find the same thing cheaper in another casino), and the decor is great in there (if you like leather couches). Holsteins has great higher end hamburgers and milkshakes with alcohol (not great for families, I guess).. . All of the bars in the place make good cocktails, if you want that sort of thing, or they can do the standard well drink sort of thing if you don't care (one time through I just wanted the standard Vegas "diet Red Bull and Grey Goose" and they did that all night for us - the past time through they put up with my snobbish requests for a better old fashioned.. . The room was so much bigger and nicer than I expected as well, which was great as I just got the cheapest thing they had at the time. Two decent sized flat screens, a balcony (from the outside, you can see not every room has one - but I didn't pay extra for it, so not sure how that works). Huge shower/tub area, and a kitchen area with a mini-bar. Couch area, office, and then you have a $25 a night "resort fee" that gets you wireless everywhere in the casino.. . There is a three person concierge area for the normal people, and then also a Platinum and VIP area with more features if you are one of those types. They can help get you into shows/clubs.. . There is a big club in the casino, but that isn't really my thing, so I don't know how that is. From my room I could see the big pool, but it was too cold out to use - was on the roof of a lower level (either 4 or 14, don't recall which).. . That said, they dropped the ball in a few spots:. 1) check-in lines were crazy on Fri-Sun (no idea why Sunday was crowded) - even though they have over 10 lines to handle people and even some self-check-in terminals. 2) the gaming area isn't amazing (not really a concern for me, as I'm not huge into gaming) - but their slots don't fit in with the decor and are sort of lame, and just not a huge gaming floor (I didn't check out their poker room on this past trip, but that is usually my main thing - and to be honest, I am not sure they even have one). 3) some days, room service never came by (to their credit, we didn't call down and ask either). 4) someone stole our "do not disturb sign" and the hotel never put it back (to their credit, we didn't call down and ask). 5) even when room service came, they didn't always replenish the shampoo and the like, and didn't always put away the iron/ironing board (the latter is actually fine by me, as cleaning staff always empty the iron when they do that, and I'm lazy and don't want to refill it). 6) one night the elevators didn't work to go down - we were on the 36th floor, so stairs were not a fun prospect - but they happened to have someone on the maintenance staff there to let us into a back elevator for staff. . Not sure if you can request it, but I think the higher up you are, the better - as some reviews talk about the nightclub being loud - we were too high up to hear.. . It will be my casino of choice for now for sure.. . And please, please, please don't bring your kids here.. It might be good for kids for all I know - but I don't want to see/hear them.
I'm not a gambler.  At all.  Because I'd rather shop than lose and I know I'll never win.  But I do love the glitz and eye candy that is Cosmopolitan.  From the chandelier to the giant shoe you really can't get bored at a place like this.  And there are fantastic restaurant offerings like STK, Jaleo and others.  There are also several very swank, very hip bars scattered around.  I found that Cosmopolitan catered to a little different crowd than some of the other spots and, somehow, smelled less of cigarette smoke which is a plus in my book!
stayed at the cosmopolitan on a weekend away with friends. The hotel is fantastic in pretty much all ways. Modern and sleek this is the hotel for those seeking a trendy stylish space without gimmick and a young crowd- as opposed to the older family feel at the Bellagio and many of its peers. There is plenty of eye candy all around this place. The cosmopolitan Service was good throughout and staff was friendly and eager to assist in all cases. Check in was quick and efficient and the desk worked with us to provide a room with our preferences. Over the course of a weekend you could eat in a different restaurant each meal and still not have experienced them all, top names and food of a consistently high quality, and if your a club fan marquee draws a great crowd. Def go check it out!
My boyfriend proposed to me in room 5798, and I said yes, and I'm the happiest girl in the whole world. Ask for that room! The balcony looks out over the Bellagio fountains and Eiffel Tower, and if you leave the curtains open, sunlight will stream in and warm the most comfortable bed you've ever slept in. I didn't win any money gambling last weekend, but I swear this is the luckiest room on the Las Vegas strip.
From the moment you walk into the lobby, you know you've stepped into another world.. The first thing you'll notice is the lobby pillars appear to have naked people and in some cases wolves, trapped inside them, beckoning you to touch them. I knew this was going to be anything but ordinary. If you could take sexy and turn it into brick and mortar you'd have the Cosmopolitan. The check-in process was seamless and upstairs we went to our spacious oversized room complete with Bigelow toiletries and peek-a-boo shower. Not to mention the kinky little mini-bar offerings, so cheeky! The room was spotless and decorated beautifully, contemporary with a touch of old Vegas days gone by. We will be back!!
This has been my favorite hotel in Vegas since it opened.  Why are people complaining about the price? Get over it, it's an expensive spot, if you can't afford it, don't stay here or go to their dining spots!  If you can afford it, this place is def worth it, I usually see more of a younger crowd, even in the casino and I would NOT book this hotel for my parents.  I love Marquee, Wicked Spoon, Secret pizza, Holsteins, China Poblano, Overlook grill- pretty much all the restaurants are above average.  . . Now the important part- the rooms are thoughtfully decorated and the interior design is so fresh futuristic and trendy.  If you can upgrade to a small suite it's nice to have a Japanese style tub (fits 3 people easily) overlooking Las Vegas.  They also have rooms overlooking Bellagio and you are able to see the water show from the balcony.. . The pool area is not the biggest, and the daytime pool party was a bit of a shit show last time I was there, good music- but I wasn't brave enough to get into the water.. Overall it's a fun hotel, if you're looking for a good time, partying, and all sorts of different characters.
It's hard to put into words the experience I got from staying at the Cosmo, but I will try to do my best and make it as short and sweet as possible!! I can easily say that this was the best room I have ever had... or will have in a long, long time! I booked through Lasvegas.com for a 3 night stay at a Studio Terrace room. When we were checking in, the AWESOME guy who was helping us, asked if we would like an upgrade on the studio terrace with a view of the Bellagio Fountains for $25/per night. THE BEST $75 I HAVE EVER SPENT...!!! Seriously... we didn't want to leave our room. You also get a free, small bottle of water which is nice of them, but then again, this hotel can def afford it. . . Anyway, our studio was amazing in every way possible. There is a huge bathroom, with a shower, soaking tub, and a separate toilet room. There is also a living room with a couch/desk, and the bedroom that is connected to the balcony. Everything is connected to a remote, so from turning on and off the lights to the XM radio on both flat screen TVs. Just one pointer i have to make, and we were def warned about this, but i am not sure how seriously we took him. The minibar/food in the room is all wired, so even if you move the food just a bit, the hotel may charge you right away. We were just messing around, looking through what we got and trying to find room for the food I brought from home, and i was immediately changed $75. Not exactly sure what the $75 was for, but all the food/drinks are hella expensive in the room. Anyway, we called the front desk right away and they removed the charges almost immediately, so the customer service we had at the hotel was great. . . Like I said, our first night we were really tired and the view was so amazing, that we didn't want to leave. We ended up ordering room service which was brought to us hot and fresh within 30 minutes. The guy bringing the food even gave us a couple extra items for free, so nice touch :) We were starving, but the food was excellent and I was incredibly happy with our entire experience to that point. . . The hotel itself is jaw dropping gorgeous... it's hard to put in words exactly everything it has to offer, but it's def a site to see. I can't comment on the casino since I don't really gamble, but I would probably recommend to go elsewhere to play. I don't think this hotel's main focus is on gambling, especially since I overheard that it's the only hotel that has a straight path from one side to the other, so people don't get mixed up at the slot machines/tables. We didn't get a chance to check out any of the pools because it was too cold, but I cannot wait to be back and party at the Marquee Day club. Speaking of Marquee, it was def a HUGE plus that all we had to do is take the elevator down to the club, but I really did not like the club at all - i have a separate review for Marquee. . . As for food, when I was in Vegas two years ago, my family and I dined at Comme Ca and it was delicious from what I can remember.  Besides room service, i briefly checked out Holstein's and ordered food to go before a night out in Marquee. I ended up ordering the wrong thing though, and though it was good, I was disappointed. But I will def be back to this burger bar next time because the menu is insane! At 5 am, we decided to go check out Secret Pizza, but also to our disappointment, they were already closing. So, I def have a list of things to eat next time I am there. . . Cosmo's location is absolutely perfect - right smack in the middle of the strip. It's very easy to get to other hotels from there and there a couple Walgreens/CVS very close as well. . . I am still in awe of this hotel, and I truly cannot wait to come back and experience it all over again. Thank you Cosmopolitan for giving us one hell of a weekend!
Best. I love staying here, it's a beautiful hotel that is catered to young people  / women. There are beautiful chandeliers and sexy couches. Everyone takes a picture by the stiletto statue. The hotel rooms are very nice and we even got upgraded to a Park Avenue Suite! So awesome. It has a good selection of restaurants: from cheap eats (Secret pizza place) to italian food with a great view (Scarpetta) to burgers and shakes (Holsteins).. . It's also convenient because the night club, Marquee, is here. No need to worry about taxi'ing back to your hotel at the end of the night. My friend got separated from us and since she was a hotel guest, she got cordially escorted from Marquee to her  hotel room in Cosmo, how nice is that?
This place is the ishhhh! . Every time my fiance and I come to Vegas we stay here, and it gets better every time! The secret pizza kitchen is really good, and I love chillin' in the Boulevard Pool...Oooh and try to get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountain. . Oh! And their elevators are super cool. We reached the 77th floor in like 5 sec.
We stopped in for a drink before dinner. The bar under the stairs was world class! I ordered an old fashion, which was the best I have ever had. We sat at the bar and I got to watch them- they knew what they were doing and did it very well. My drink was $16 and made with super premium bourbon, a freshly cut orange peel and high quality cherry (not expected). I also had a beer, which was $8. Lesson I learned: this is where you go for your premium drinks, skip the simple beers!
*** NO RESORT FEE ***. . DATE: Sunday, February 26, 2012 - Tuesday, February 28, 2012. ROOM TYPE: Terrace One Bedroom (Fountain View). LENGTH OF STAY: 2 nights. RATE: -unknown- (Company Trip). . DATE: Tuesday, August 7, 2012 - Friday, August 10, 2012. ROOM TYPE: Wraparound Terrace Suite. LENGTH OF STAY: 3 nights. RATE: $172.82/night after taxes @ http://hotels.com + Tip. . ___________________________________. . ::::: TERRACE ONE BEDROOM - 4/5 :::::. . We were here for a company trip - specifically, for team building and a little competitive analysis (or something), which makes sense for a mobile social gaming start-up.... right?. . Beautiful room, though it seems rather small once you've stayed at the Wraparound Terrace Suite. I'd say size-wise and layout-wise, it's comparable to the standard king room at the Encore. . . There's a sofa bed in the living room, which makes sharing a room with 2 other people possible. Also, I LOVE the balcony w/the wicker lounger... . ::::: WRAPAROUND TERRACE SUITE - 5/5 :::::. . The Wraparound Terrace Suite was incredible. I booked it for my birthday trip, which we celebrated the night before (for the countdown to 12am) in a private cabana overlooking the Strip at the Surrender in the Wynn, where Sultan & Ned Shepard were playing.. . There's a bar, a sitting area, 2 bathrooms, a gorgeous tub where my husband prepared a bubble bath for me on my birthday, and two wicker loungers outside, one for each side of the L-shaped balcony.. . So far, of all the hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, I'd say this is easily my ULTIMATE FAVORITE. But ONLY if you're staying in one of the SUITES & manage to find it for less than $250/night. Based on the candid pictures and descriptions by some of my family, Cosmopolitan's standard City Room looks cramped and basic for Vegas standards.. . ___________________________________. . NOTE: I've always visited any combination of at least 3 of the following places on each Vegas trip I take, regardless of where I was staying at the time.. . ::::: PLACES WORTH VISITING AT THE COSMOPOLITAN :::::. . * CHANDELIER (Lounge).            - My first choice for cocktails, conversation, and general lounging in Las Vegas. On four separate occasions, I was still lounging with a friend until they closed the bar and a little beyond sunrise, after which I move to Vesper downstairs - also delish. . * VESPER (Lounge).           - The gorgeous tall and tan female bartender w/short hair makes a kick-ass custom cocktail that includes Rumchata, Nutella, Coffee, Baileys, and Kahlua. YUM.. * WICKED SPOON (Buffet).            - One of my top 2 buffet picks. Really, this place is unlike any other Las Vegas buffet. They don't only focus on the array of food, but also the quality and flavor in each dish. That's what sets them apart from the many other buffets on the Strip.. * MARQUEE (Club).            - My favorite club in Las Vegas. Lots of great world-famous DJs play here - I've been here to see Gabriel & Dresden. Although I'm accustomed to clubbing in Jakarta, where I've always had a private table and usually a security guard by our table.. well, when I went to Marquee I didn't book a table (since I was in Vegas with only one friend) and still had a good time. It can get very crowded.. * HOLSTEINS (Restaurant).            - Spiked milkshakes! Also, the pork belly buns and billionaire burger.. * THE HENRY (Restaurant).            - Bloody Mary and truffle tater tots... * SCARPETTA (Restaurant).            - Foie gras ravioli. I mean, really.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!. . I've visited the Cosmopolitan many times for drinks and whatnot and think that it is an amazing property, but I'm SO happy that I finally got to stay here! The rooms definitely live up to my expectations. . . Thankfully, were able to get an early check in. The line was a little long, but the moving art in the lobby helps to pass the time. My favorite was the naked people, lol.. . We had a Terrace Suite in the West Tower, and it was beautiful. Artfully decorated, lovely living room area, gorgeous bedroom, comfortable beds, those famous bathrooms with the peek-a-boo shower/tub, and a balcony.  I wish we could have stayed longer.
I love it here. The service is EXCELLENT and I feel like a queen whenever I get the privilege of staying here. Rooms are clean and stylish. I've stayed here three times now and the best room I've had so far was the one with a Japanese soak tub and a balcony that is on the upper levels on the Marquee side of the building. Seriously, you feel like you're livin' the life when you're standing on your balcony at 3am in the morning listening the beats coming from below.
Best Casino. Best Hotel in LV.
The Cosmopolitan definitely exceeded all of my expectations for a hotel room. We had originally booked a basic "City View" room but upon arrival we were upgraded to a Terrace room with a balcony in the West Tower. We had a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip from our balcony which was AMAZING night and day. We had planned to be out and about most of the time but when our feet were tired from endless walking we were actually excited to come back to our room to relax. This hotel is pure class and the staff was amazing from check in to check out. My friend forgot her toothbrush so we called and they delivered one plus two extra robes free of charge right to our room in the middle of the night. We had booked a later flight and the bellhops were fabulous and not only stored our luggage but made us feel like royalty when we came back later to claim our bags and sent us off to the airport. This will definitely be my hotel of choice next time!
My third stay here and I fall in love all over each time lol. There's just something about being on that spacious balcony listening to the crisp sound of Bellagio fountain among a gentle balance of the noisy  traffic and Vegas crowd bellow. I almost don't want to leave the room just for that sole purpose. I could stay on that balcony for hours just chillin hahaha. . . I've now found my alltime favorite drink at the Vesper bar. I suggest you try "one night in Bangkok" . Pure amazeballs!!!!. . I didn't like the Chandelier much other than the fact it's pretty for pictures. They don't have much selections of specialty drinks. We ended up ordering a screw driver and a long island, which were a waste because that's what I drink while gambling ... for 10$ cheaper. . . Other than the beutiful room, what I love most about this hotel is its convenience. We walked right next door to go to the Bank nightclub at the Bellagio, you could walk across to Walgreens or Planet Hollywood for earl's sandwhich, and you definitely don't want to miss the Wicked spoon buffet. Plus Marquee is right downstairs. . . Can't wait for my next stay here!
Beautiful hotel and all of the staff was incredibly helpful and nice.  We had a small issue with our room and they took care of it immediately and thoroughly and gave us an appropriate credit for our inconvenience. I love the room decor and the balcony view can't be beat!!!!  Also the breakfast buffet was delicious - best I have had in Vegas. This will be the ONLY place I stay in Vegas from now on
I can sum my experience up in one word...SEXY!! I recently had the pleasure of staying here with my hubby for 1-night and I fell in love! Everything about this hotel is gorgeous. From the moment you walk in the front door it's a fun, sophisticated/sexy energy. The hotel also doesn't have that overpowering cigarette smell that most casino's have. I cheked-in during peak Check-In / Checkout time so it was a little bit of a cluster. However the staff did their absolute best to be pleasant and accommodating. A hostess even served us little Cosmopolitan bottles of water while we waited in line:) . . All of my (little) frustration with the check-in process was immediately put to rest when I arrived to my room. We stayed in a King Terrace Studio located on the 24th Fl. WOWZERS! The room was massive and immaculately clean. I was actually shocked my how large the room was. We had a full sized sectional with a plasma TV in the living area. I'd describe the decor as sleek, modern and glamorous - unlike any other hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas. The Balcony was also huge with a view of the pool. Unfortunately, I wasn't on the Bellagio fountain side - the pool view was still cool! The bed was beyond comfortable and the linens were amazing! . . Since we were only here for 1-night, I didn't have an opportunity to explore the hotel in it's entirety:( We did swing by Chandelier for a late night cocky-tail:) This is one of the most stunning bars I've ever seen! Thehumongous chandelier is breathtaking! I wasn't crazy impressed by my drink, but I was kinda more consumed with the bar itself.. . Overall, I can't find anything negative to say about this hotel. I'll most definitely be staying here the next time I'm in Vegas.
I love, love, LOVE this hotel. This is the first hotel I've stayed in Las Vegas and it set the bar so high. The lobby and it's eclectic rooms and hallways provide a lot of Vegas fun and mischief.  The room I stayed in was very funky with art of stilettoed/fishnet clad legs and a see through shower wall with blinds. This is not your grandmother's Las Vegas hotel and that point is totally made The bedding is to die for: the pillows, the mattress, the comforter...sigh. I still think about that and wish I knew where I could buy them. The bed is definitely one of the hotels highlights. The hotel has some funky finds, like secret pizza. I definitely want to experience other hotels in LV but it's so hard not choosing to go back here every single time.
I stayed here on my most recent trip to Vegas and i LOVED, LOVED the Cosmo Hotel. Normally I always go on Vegas trips with large groups of friends and stay at Elara (formerly PH towers) but this time around, it was just my boyfriend and I out there attending a coworkers wedding and wanted to experience a different hotel. We booked the hotel through a Southwest package and got a decent deal for a City Room.. . The hotel itself is gorgeous, love the decor! Check in wasn't until 3pm but they were able to accommodate us and allow us to do early check-in. There were several people in front of us but the front desk personnel worked fairly quickly to get us taken care of. We didn't know that the "City Room" only comes with 2 Queen beds as a standard. The front desk clerk then made some calls and checked the system and was able to get us a Terrence One-Bedroom Suite as a complementary upgrade. I seriously was not expecting that but it totally made our experience at the hotel THAT much better. (Might I add, it was Nascar weekend and they had a convention going on at their hotel as well.). . The Terrance One-Bedroom suite was HUGE for just two people. Tons of mirrors for us girls to get ready in front of. It had a nice Japanese soaking tub, which we really didnt use but i guess it was nice to have. The wallpaper in the toilet room however made me feel a little claustrophobic. We stayed in the East tower which our balcony looked out towards Aria and over Marquee Nightclub. I thought it was going to be loud but surprisingly it wasnt too bad at all. We were on the 38th floor so I'm not sure how the noise level is for other people on the lower floors.. . The only weird thing i found which was mentioned in some of the other reviews was that there's a peeping tom window? Well more like a peeping tom wall that has blinds that can only be controlled on the other side of the shower which is in the bedroom. I don't know about other people but I'm pretty creeped out the possibility of anyone being able to watch me shower. . . I would say that this isn't quite the hotel that is good for large groups or sharing with a bunch of friends just cause of how the bathroom/shower layout is but it would definitely be a hotel to experience for a couple. . . I seriously don't think the location can get in better than at the Cosmo. You're literally upstairs from one of the most popular nightclubs in Vegas at the moment. I can vouch for a lot of girls, the shorter the walking distance in those outrageous heels, the better. There's a Walgreens that's a 4 minute walk from your room (i timed it), 5 minutes away from a 24 hour McDonalds for late night munchies and right next door to the Bellagio water fountains.
I forgot to mention how great all of the restaurants are at this hotel!. . China Poblano. D.O.C.G.. the secret Pizza Place
My stay at the Cosmo was from March 20-23 and I was in Vegas for my annual March Madness trip.. . In short, Cosmo is on a very short list of hotels you must consider. Is it cool? Yes. Are the rooms awesome? Yes. Do they have good places to eat? No, they have GREAT places to eat! Is it easy checking-in and checking-out? Yes. Is it expensive? Well, it's not cheap.. . Seriously, if you want a great place to stay in Vegas that has everything that you could possibly need within the property itself, Cosmo is it. I had the terrace studio room, and it was simply awesome ... huge room, with a huge sitting/living room area, bar,  with a huge walk-in shower and adjoining soaking tub, and a balcony overlooking LV.. . Do yourself a favor, and stay here at least once in your life.
Tolles neues Boutique Hotel mit eigenen Terrassen... Und einer fantastischen Gastronomie
From check in to check out... effortless, best resort experience in Vegas.. . True 5 star, over the top experience. We stayed in a wrap around suite on the 56th floor, with hands down the best view in Las Vegas. . . We had a 150 dollar credit which really opened our minds to things we would have otherwise missed out on. Couples massage, so worth it. STK, my new favorite filet lives here. Wicked Spoon, I usually hate buffets, food out of temperature, too much done badly but this... wow. Wicked Spoon is a restrained very tight buffet with meticulous attention to detail. I would suggest booking direct 3+ nights in a row and the Cosmo gives you a 150 dollar credit that I believe is otherwise not advertised. . . From the expedited VIP check in, to our amazing housekeeper, everyone was accomodating, and I have to say the valet downstairs really hustle to get you into your car fast. I don't think I've ever tipped so many people in my life, but I feel everyone was absolutely deserving plus some. We will be back for sure.
Being a Las Vegas local, I don't really need to stay at any hotel on the strip, although they are great for a "staycation".  The Cosmo is the only hotel I've been wanting to stay at because the hotel itself is beautiful, so I have been curious about the rooms.  My girlfriends came for spring break and we spent the night there.  We got a fountain view room and it was GORGEOUS!  We didn't want to leave.  The room was big accompanied with a big bathroom with a jetted tub.  We got room service the following morning and it couldn't have been a more perfect day.  It was expensive, but the room service was sooo delicious and convenient.  They didn't skimp on any detail and we got what we paid for.  We also went to the boulevard pool, but it wasn't as great as I thought it would be (the only downside).  There are a couple of pools, but there are too many people and not enough seats so we didn't even get to lay out (so if you want to, get there early!)  but it didn't hinder our stay, we loved everything about staying at the Cosmo!  A definite must stay!!
There is nothing better, a fabulous view from the wrap around terrace down onto the strip. Very quiet, we left the doors to the balcony open all night. Definitely very expensive for the room service, but thats to be expected? Absolutely. Love this place, will not stay anywhere else. Five starsss
All I can say is WOW! My favorite hotel to stay in! They have the best customer service, best rooms, and I love the balcony rooms! The food and drinks are a little pricey but you are kinda in the middle of everything so you can venture to other hotels close by to eat and drink. I defiantly recommend the Cosmo!
This is the hip hotel on the strip - for good reason! The rooms are super swanky, the boulevard pool draws bands of all genres, and the shops are excellently curated. Not to mention, marquee is the only nightclub my friends talk about. Give it a go!
Best concierge service of all the hotels. I live here so sometimes stay on the strip during the weekends I have friends in town. This blonde girl (I want to say Lauren?) is the best. Really friendly and way less fake than most. Thanks for a great weekend!
This casino quickly became one of our favorite casinos...clean, high-tech, friendly service.  The parking structure is underground, we appreciated the sensors which allowed us to just glance down each aisle to see if any green lights were visible to indicate a free spot.  They also had security guards on bicycles patrolling for safety.  The casino is new with good ventilation to filter out the different smells.  They gave any new members free slot play which allowed us to win some cash...the staff are friendly and helpful.  One can earn points for anything while spending time there.  There are some restaurants that looked appealing so we will definitely be back to try a few during our next trip.  My brother and his gf will probably get to check out the Marquee club at some point.  With the service being so nice and the casino so clean, we would not have a problem staying at their hotel as well.
Booked a Terrace Suite using Marriott Points (The Cosmopolitan is part of Marriott's Autograph Collection, in case you weren't aware), but that is just the beginning.  When we arrived at the hotel after 4 nights at THEhotel for a conference at The Mandalay Bay, our room wasn't ready.  We waited and toured the property to get familiar.  After lunch and some time at the pools we decided to check back at the desk.  Feeling kinda saucy I stepped into the VIP check-in room and asked.  They were great!  He checked on my room and found out that it still wasn't ready, but that was not the end for me, oh no!  We were upgraded to a Wraparound Suite in the front tour, just above the Bellagio sign with an unreal view of the fountains.  The Cosmopolitan staff made a simple one-night stay an amazing, unforgettable experience that I'll never forget.  No doubt, the Cosmo will be our go-to hotel for every trip to Vegas.
Great hotel with great service. The rooms are my favorite in Las Vegas.. I have stayed there 9 times so far since it has opened. I doubt I will stay any where else for a while!
I love the Cosmopolitan! I had such a wonderful experience while staying here! :).. . It was my first time in Vegas when I stayed at this hotel. We had two queen beds for four girls. It was nice! Our view was amazing, I was speechless! The bed was really comfortable. The bathroom was nice, no tub though. I do wish this hotel has a tub just so I can soak my feet in after a night of dancing in my high heels. But it's okay, no big deal.. . I love how Marquee night and day club is in Cosmo. I went to Marquee for two nights (Friday and Saturday) and Marquee day club on Sunday. It was good to not have to walk out of the hotel to get somewhere. . . My guy friends stayed at Vdara and we were all going to see Kaskade on Saturday night so they came to Marquee to get stamped at 9pm and came up to our hotel room so we can pregame until 10:30PM! It was very convenient especially for guys! I highly recommend guys going early on a busy night to get stamped so they can get in easier later. . . Also, on Friday night, I got lost from my group so I decided to leave the club by myself. It was no big deal because all I had to do was take the elevator back to my room! This hotel is super convenient if you plan to go to Marquee! Highly recommended.. . I also love how the casino is downstairs! I love slot machines! I can sit there for hours playing it.. . Another good thing about Cosmo is wicked spoon!! Best buffet ever!. . This hotel seriously has everything to make a Vegas trip perfect! :).
My husband and I had our wedding here on our balcony...it was perfect! They brought champagne to our room while we were out. It was wonderful and we will stay there again and again:). . Shower and Bath were wonderful :)
Overall, The Cosmopolitan is one of my favorite resorts on the strip! . I love the atmosphere they've created that really translates to: Anything goes and Everyone's welcome. I come here to: . - have a drink at one of the many levels of The Chandelier Bar. Eachlevel has a different drink menu.. - Go to concerts at The Blvd Pool. Very laid back and everyone there to enjoy the music. It's a different venue to hold a concert, sometimes the empty the pool, sometimes they don't. The best part of the pool is the Neapolitan - adult ice cream place that catches up to you quickly!. - Great restaurants like: Comme Ca, Holsteins, STK, Secret Pizza. . - The rooms are great and the penthouse suite is phenomenal! With the penthouse, you can't beat having your entire room controlled by a tablet. Need a butler? just push a button. Yes - they do come to just take photos for you of you and your friends. . - I haven't been to Marquee Nightclub, but I've heard great things from friends. . . My only complaint - I hate that the parking garage is under the resort. I'm a very claustrophobic person, but I'm always willing to fight through that pain.
We stayed at the jockey club! It is still inside Comopolitan but just at a cheaper price. We went monday thru wednesay and it cost a total of 240 bucks for the room which included 2 bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, and living room. Although there wasn't really a view but hey it didn't really matter. We weren't gonna be in our room for our whole entire stay.. . The service was nice. The valet people were pretty on point and polite and extremely nice with getting our car or getting us a cab.The front desk staff was really welcoming as well because they offered us keys for all five us that was staying in the room.
After staying at The Cosmopolitan (twice!) I will never stay anywhere else in Vegas. Why would I? Everything I could ever want is located within this hotel and the location itself is also an attraction. The decor is gorgeous. The staff is friendly and they go out of their way to make sure everyone is accommodated.. . The pools are great, the bars and restaurants are top-notch. Everything is on point!. . Just make sure you don't touch the items in the mini bar! I mean don't even breathe on them because the sensors will go off and they will try to charge you. Definitely check your bill on the way out just in case!
BEST hotel in Vegas, period! We stay in high end hotels around the country and this hotel ties the Charlotte Ritz for 1st place for me. The atmosphere, the decor, the staff, the views, the rooms, should I continue? I spend a lot of time in hotels and the Cosmo won me over big time. The meeting staff is also incredibly helpful, and make sure you have everything you need. I'll be staying here every time I go to Vegas now, sorry Bellagio!
Great service, clean, upscale without being to snooty.. . The Japanese soaking tubs in the rooms are to die for!!!!. . It's a Marriott so I can be on the strip and enjoy my points.. . My girls love the clubs.. . The restaurants are fantastic as well
Words cannot describe this place, you truly have to see it to believe the awesomeness! Friends and I stayed in the wraparound terrace suite and Laina suite.
Upscale and pretentious. Me likey!. . If staying at a fancy Vegas hotel makes me pretentious, so be it! A little pretentiousness never hurt anybody and you bet I'm gonna brag about the fact that the BF got us a Terrace One Bedroom at the Cosmopolitan! Nevermind the fact that I stayed at the Polo Towers for my last Vegas trip. The Cosmo is a billion steps up. I'm moving up in life ;D. . The casino did me right! I sat down at a slot machine and doubled the BF's $5 in my first hit. Cashed out! ...I'm not a big gambler. lol!. . The entire design and decor of the room is classy, hip, artsy and sexy. I loved all of the art on the walls, accenting wall paper, the color scheme, light fixtures, and furniture. http://su.pr/1qcmi9 http://su.pr/2WF8IA. . One of the unique features about the Terrace One Bedroom is the Japanese Soaking Tub which is AWESOME! The shower is also interesting. There is a glass panel in between the shower and the bedroom. Ok, so it is voyeuristic. I'll let you imagine how playful that could be with the right partner! But there are retractable wooden blinds on the bedroom side if you're shy.. . The bed is one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever stayed in. It has an excessive amount of pillows which can be annoying at times but I'd rather have too many pillows than not enough.. . Our balcony had a great view facing the Aria, Mandarin Oriental, Planet Hollywood, MGM Signature, Marriott's Grand Chateau, and Polo Towers (lol!). We were on the 53rd floor and could see the pool area below us. Be aware that we could hear the Marquee Nightclub/Dayclub music every night (and sometimes during theday). Even if we closed our sliding glass door, the bass still came through.. . One downside about the room is that the mini fridge is stocked full with drinks. It's monitored by this weighted system so if you move it, you get charged. We bought our own drinks across the street from Walgreens but couldn't fit them in the fridge. There is space in the freezer so we ended up freezing our bottled water then defrosting them overnight or during the day while we were out. The kitchenette counter top was also stocked with snacks and goodies monitored by a weighted system. FYI, they charge you if you use the wine bottle opener because we got charged $7.50 for accidentally moving it. But a quick call to the front desk and they removed the charge :). . Also found on the kitchenette counter top's monitored weighted system for your (ahem!) convenience: http://su.pr/8ey6l4. . I loved staying at the Cosmo! A big part of me feels that this will spoil me for future Vegas trips. I expect upscale fanciness from now on! :D. . Okay, so this place does attract a certain pretentious crowd. In fact, I'd like to end this review with a very douchey situation that happened to us while waiting in the taxi line. It was 7:45pm on a Saturday and the group in front of us looked like they were dressed and ready to hit a club. Maybe a pre-party since it was too early for a club. Anyways, there was about 6 girls in short tight dresses and one guy. Suddenly, the one guy decides that it's too hot in this line and just nonchalantly removes his shirt. HE REMOVES HIS SHIRT!!! Trying too hard to impress these women much??? I had to restrain my laughter as he stood there shirtless while trying to have a normal conversation with these women. They didn't seem all that impressed either ::eye roll::  LOL ;P
I wish I could give more stars to this excellent hotel! I love everything about it. Becoming a recent local, I thought I'd indulge myself in a stay-cation at one of the hotels on the strip. And the Cosmopolitan is the way to go! The rooms are elegant, clean, and very modern with some of the most up-to-date technology. The Chandelier is by far my favorite part. A giant bar within a decorative accessory? What an excellent idea! With the recent change in weather, the pool was definitely a place to relax. It's literally located off the strip. I can look over the edge and see the city lights. If you're coming into Vegas to have a fun time, the Cosmopolitan is the place to stay.
Been to vegas a million times, and never had a better experience than at the cosmopolitan. We got a free upgrade and the room was gigantic. My girlfriend was right when she said, "This will probably be the nicest hotel room we'll ever get to stay in....ever." The Cosmopolitan has set the bar high, so its basically all down hill from here. . . The customer service was amazing all around. From the Cocktail servers, to the front desk, to the buffet cashier. Everyone was amazingly friendly. And not in the corporate 'forced-smile-thank-you-for-coming' kind of way. . . Decor is a huge bonus. Most hotels feel like they're designed for kids, orfor your parents. This one just feels 'adult'. Just remember thats part of what you're paying for. If you just want a place to crash after getting drunk, you should save your money. If you appreciate beautiful design, and are willing to pay for it, the Cosmopolitan is great.. . For years, i've sworn off vegas as being a hot crowded hassle that wasn't worth the trip, and my stay at the Cosmopolitan makes me want to go back.
Wraparound 70 series East Tower room on the 32nd floor!  Room was exquisite with possibly the best view on the strip!. If you are lucky enough to bag a 70 series East Tower make sure it's 28th floor or higher!. Staff is super attentive and eager to make your experience perfect!. Best local on the Strip.  I would call it the "sweet spot" of the Strip close to everything but really there is no reason to leave.  Great food, gaming and Spa activity at your fingertips.. It's a bucket lister for any Whale!
I fell in love with The Cosmopolitan from the moment I walked into the lobby. Speaking of the lobby, it was insane. There were these pillars with videos playing on them. When we walked in, there were nude people creepily moving around behind a foggy screen. The screens change throughout the day... it was really cool. Now, that's just the lobby. We get up to the room and it was nice and spacious with a great view. No complaints about the room whatsoever. The great thing about The Cosmopolitan is that you never really have to leave if you don't want to. This place has it all... multiple pools, amazing restaurants, a day/night club, gambling, stores, etc. I mean, I advise you to leave the hotel to do non-Cosmopolitan things, but it's nice having so much in one place. Also, all of the employees were extremely personable and helpful.. . One thing: the chairs at the pool get packed pretty early. You might want to head down early to snag a spot, otherwise you'll have to scout out a patch of grass, which we had to do a few times, but it actually wasn't bad at all.. . This was my first trip to Vegas and I couldn't have asked for a better hotel to stay at. Such a fun, hip place!
I love the cosmo! I stay here every time I go to vegas. They have great pools and secret pizza is the best!
I love this hotel and specially that has a balcony that you can enjoy
Okay, I'm a Vegas junkie, and have stayed at quite a few properties on The Strip over the years, but The Cosmo is, by far, my favorite!. . I just adore the decor!  It's sexy, sleek, and a bit playful.  Modern, but plush.  Naughty, but nice. The rooms are fabulous, and it's the only hotel on The Strip with actual balconies (so The Hangover is no longer accurate! Ha!).. . There is a phenomenal selection of restaurants and bars (Milos is not to miss, and their 24 hour restaurant, The Henry, is fantastic...shortrib eggs Benedict with caviar, need I say more?).. . I really appreciate The Cosmo as a wheelchair user - unlike most other popular hotels on The Strip, the entrance to the casino is literally right on the sidewalk...you don't have to travel up a long driveway/entranceway to get to the front door.  Once you enter, it's a straight walk through the casino (on non-carpeted flooring) to get to the room elevators.  Additionally, The Cosmo doesn't have a huge crowd drawer (such as a conservatory, dancing fountains, talking Greek gods, a shopping mall or a resident show of painted acrobats) to create extra chaos for those of us navigating through the casino in a chair, which is a nice change after dodging tourists, Elvis impersonators and people handing out call girl flyers all day.. . I really love that their bathroom goodies (shampoo, bath gel, etc) are C.G. Bigalow - and they have a pretty full collection of Bigalow products in their gift shop, including their famous and fabulous lip glosses and balms, which I am addicted to.. . The rooms are great and very accessible - however, my ONE complaint is about the bathroom.  The tile in the bathroom is not slip-resistant.  Kind of silly.  Even if the floor is totally dry, you could easily slide around just wearing socks, which my mom did several times.  Once it is wet, it's a disaster waiting to happen.  Particularly for people with mobility challenges who are able to walk/stand, you need to be extra cautious.. . I've yet to try Wicked Spoon, but I've heard it's a fantastic buffet (even from folks who aren't the biggest buffet fans, which I am not), and hope to go when I visit next time.
The look of this hotel is awesome. Great service in the casino with helpful dealers to walk me thru my first time. Nice rooms with the best views!
My friend & I were unable to get our room because of overbooking so we stayed at our friends penthouse suite at the Cosmo. . This hotel is so sleek & sexy! . The room was huge! It has a panoramic view of Vegas overlooking the bellagio fountains. All of the decor was contemporary and upscale. . . Also if you like to go out marquee is inside the hotel & is one of the hottest spots in Vegas. The outside section of the club is the most fun.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. All the rooms are superb!! Great service every time. Anytime I visit Vegas, this is my choice of hotel. This place is fun, intimate, crazy, sexy. I invite friends to visit and their always blown away. I've stayed in the One bedroom studio and plenty of nights in the Wraparound Suite. I hate leaving the place too. It's just something about waking up and heading out to the balcony to take in the scene.
Where do I begin!!!. . We came here on a free promotional stay for two nights just for being a player rewards member. Upon check in they upgrade us to an amazing suite for free! Balcony, living room, kitchen , jetted tub and a shower that will fit 10 people .. . The hotel overall is awesome. They have a chandelier that is breathtaking around the whole property. 3 pools and on Monday nights throw out the summer they play movies on the big screen in the pool, pretty cool. All staff was very polite and hospitible! . . . Food- . We had lunch at Holsteins a Kobe burger and a beef BBQ brisket burger. DELICIOUS!!! Probably best burger I have ever had! It was a bit pricy $50 for two burgers,fries and soda but well worth it!. . Had breakfast at Va Bene . Fresh squeezed orange juice, conoli, and cheese Danish. Seriously I went back everymorning for that cheese Danish it was AMAZING!!!!!. . One night had dinner at this pizza joint "secreat pizza" it's called that because it has no actual name and its down a hallway it's like a hidden gem. The pizza was very good!. . . Entertainment- marquee nigh club . Marquee day club ( pool party) . Bond a bar downstairs with girls dancing on the top of the ceiling and a cool DJ . Chandelier bar has awesome seating and lot of spaces for a whole party to hang out, . Overall I will highly recommend this hotel for an awesome stay .
Ah-mazing! We stayed here over christmas break, so I guess they were having a deal on rooms and ended up with one of the rooms with a private terrace facing the Bellagio Fountains! The room was so so so chic, whith hi tech everything, very modern and sleek. I loved the "odd" feeling of the hotel, as the ad campaign says "Just enough wrong" or something like that. It had so many great places to eat and shop. It's perfectly located to the pedestrian bridges, there's a Walgreens just across the street for any forgotten necessities. It didn't feel like grungy gross old vegas that you hear your grandparents wax nostalgic about. This is our generation's Vegas. I'm serious it's well worth checking out (and I'm not getting any royalties or kickbacks from the cosmo, just my honest opinion.)
Yelp 100 Challenge * 72/100. . Cosmo is a work of art in its being! . . Every detail carved, dangling, shaped, measured, you name it, was done in meticulous carefulness in order to bring nothing less of a glamorous experience. One of my girlfriends pointed out the physics involved in making even light reflections point to the right angles, casting beautiful shadows and colors on just the right areas. . . We had a nice time relaxing on the sofas outside the Chandelier bar when our feet started to hurt. We further progressed into the artsy areas with the giant black stiletto shoe, cold-staring doggie statues and other fun stuff, all of which were a blast to take pictures with. . . Did I also mention that this hotel smelled, well, lavish? Perhaps that's because it's new, or they're just great at keeping the cigarette scents away. Third floor up, they even have a pool table for the guys (and occasional girls?) and other fun stuff for the family. Kids won't be bored and mothers have a lot of choices on where to sit! . . There's artwork in just about every glance, deep meanings embedded behind so art enthusiasts will not be disappointed. Nice change in atmosphere and great place to enjoy yourselves without even spending a buck.
Beautiful pop up wedding. The chapel was so helpful and gracious. The flowers were beautiful, the photographer was awesome. Cake pops were yummy. The the Wicked Spoon was awesome for our family. The hotel suite was gorgeous with views of the Bellagio fountains. Lastly, the concierge made everything extra special. Loved the rock shows too.
Just wanted to check-in again and mention that it is still awesome. Wouldn't go anywhere else on the strip (unless it's to PH for Earls) - and FWIW, it is not difficult at all to get comped free rooms/etc if you gamle a little bit
This hotel does it right!  They always have beautiful clean rooms waiting for you!  This is the second nicest hotel in Vegas behind the Mandarin Oriental.  I love staying here when I visit Vegas.
Wrap around terrace suite is amazing! I have taken many pictures on these balconies  over the past couple of years (; We always have a good time staying or being taken here. It is a gorgeous hotel with a great interior, service has always been excellent. We will definitely keep coming back!
It was my first visit to Cosmopolitan.. Awesome hotel, amenities and location. Overall I was pretty impressed with the hotel. The hotel is very upscale. Not the best place to bring kids. Nice decor. The hotel is rather small. There are fewer restaurants than many of the other hotels. Stay in the east tower if possible....
had a nice big room.
For my first time being there I could say it was a fun experience. . . 1: Perfect place to stay if you want to party all day and all night, Why? Pool party in the day and it was crackin and also club marquee at night.. 2: Very convenient With a good amount of restaurants around and a decent convenient store to buy snacks and hydrated drinks.. 3: Room service was really good.. . And all guest service were really nice and helpful. Security guards don't hate.( not like some other clubs and pool parties)
If you happen to find a good deal to stay at The Cosmopolitan, then go for it even if it's just for one night. Staying here is worth every penny. I found a good deal for the Terrace Suite, and the room was amazing! This one-bedroom, two-bath hotel room was very spacious. It had a full kitchen complete with a microwave, oven, stove, refrigerator, freezer, and mini-bar area. It also had a small dining room area with a booth and a wooden table. The living room was comprised of a blue velvet sofa, flat-screen TV, and desk area. The hotel room also comes with a huge balcony which means you have a lot of space to throw a party if you wanted to. You also get a view of the Bellagio fountains. The bedroom area comes with a huge, comfortable King-sized bed and a reclining sofa. It also comes with another flat-screen TV. The larger of the two bathrooms was huge! It comes with 2 sinks, a large shower, and a large bathtub that has jacuzzi sets. Having your very own jacuzzi in your own hotel room was very relaxing! The bathrooms also comes with amenities such as shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, soap, toothpaste, and toothbrush. The room is also very high-tech. You just hit one button to turn on all of the lights and another button to turn off all of the lights in the entire hotel room. The closet also has bathrobes that you can use and complimentary slippers. . The Cosmopolitan is also has an excellent location. It's right next to Bellagio so you can take pictures at the Conservatory. It's right across the street from Planet Hollywood. You can talk a walkway to get there and go shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops. The Cosmopolitan also has Wicket Spoon which is one of the best buffets on the Vegas Strip. It's so convenient to stay here. I would love to come back here again.. I didn't get to use any of their pools but I did take a look at them. If you want to get the Boulevard pool, you have to use the elevator at the Eastside Tower. If you want to use the Bamboo pool, you have to use the Westside Tower elevators. The entrance of the Comospolitan turns into a lounge at night with live music and dancers. The lighting effects look really cool.
I hardly ever look forward to Vegas..............but I never turn down a girls trip either!!!  Staying at The Cosmopolitan has COMPLETELY changed my opinion of Vegas and can't wait to go back.. . Totally a different vibe with this fabulously posh hotel.  Tons of good looking people, great shopping, hip clubs, and none of that funky smelling carpet I typically associate with this town.  In fact, if gambling isn't your thing (definitely not mine) you won't even feel like you are in Vegas.  Not much need to even leave the premises cuz everything earthly experience you want/need can be accomplished here!
Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas has to be the hottest hotel on the strip to this day, right when they opened their doors to the public.  From their sleek modern design, all the way to their vast selection of hotel rooms to choose from makes Cosmopolitan stand out from the rest. As you observe their hotel layout while walking around you can't help but to stumble upon their gambling floor. Though their gambling options may not compare in size to other hotels, none the less they surely make up by offering other options to their guests. . . The next big attention getter hands down has to be Marquee Day & Night Club. While looking to show off your hard worked bodies and dancing to the most modern selection of music, Marquee is your go to place to party it up during the day. If you rather relax and save your energy during the day and want to party it up at night, please believe Marquee is still your go too. This club has to be the biggest I've been able to walk through to this day, offering various spots to choose from. Their main stage area usually play EDM music, and you can find the same selection of music at their outdoor area as well. If that is not what you are looking to party it up with, no sweat they offer another downstairs room called "BOOMBOX" where they play you very selection of Hip/Hop. Personal the BOOMBOX is my favorite. A lot of other clubs don't offer a good selection to choose from when it comes to purchasing drinks at a bar, but with Marquee they literally have 6 (Entry way, side of main stage, front of main stage, outdoor near main stage, outdoor behind projector screen, and the last one located in the Boombox) different bars to choose from.. . If you are not looking to partying it up during the day isn't your forte, and you just want to lounge around a pool area, the beauty about Cosmopolitan is that they offer two different pool areas to choose from. One is located on the third floor, and other which is located on one of the middle floors of the hotel. (I was faded when I went so I am not 100% sure which floor, but it is somewhere between 14-16).. . If you are looking to shop Cosmopolitan has numerous stores to choose from located on their second floor right above their gambling area, and the same floor for Marquee's main entrance. They have stores that cater not only to the ladies, but they also offer stores that cater to the gentlemen as well.. . Finally the eateries, they offer a few options to select from on the second floor where the shopping area is located as well, but their main attraction is the world famous "Wicked Spoon" which has been featured on Food Paradise Buffet episode. Their prices are more reasonable then compared to their competition (I.e WYNN), and their selection definitely will get the tummy growling and mouth drooling so make sure to come hungry. On the low, this buffet will definitely help cope with your hangover as well.
Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.. The hotel is very hip and definitely for younger crowd.. . The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.. Great service.. . Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.. I like staying here.
Love one of the newest hotels on the strip...There rooms are pretty new so that's a +
This hotel is freakin' AMAZING. Georgous. Stunning. Awesome buffet (don't skip out on Wicked Spoon)! Shopping. Nice lounges. Marquee. So glam & chic, what's not to like?!
Stayed at this wonderful hotel for three days and two nights this past week and never felt compelled to hit the casino because there's just so much positive energy everywhere else. I never actually saw the casino, unlike most other Strip hotels where you have to trudge through a stinky haze of blue smoke past the slots to get to the elevators, Cosmo's elevators are right next to the Reception up front.. . My room (junior suite?) was on the 23rd floor in the west tower and I had a magnificent view of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower. The room itself is decked out with modern furniture, artsy coffee table books and hipster paintings. Also had a sweet balcony with a couch and ottoman (though admittedly the couch wasn't the most comfortable, but it was like 106 degrees outside so I didn't spend much time on the balcony). Huge bathroom features wonderful Bigelow soaps and products. If I could move in to this place, I would. . . Had dinner at Blue Pearl with some friends and everything was excellent, especially the octopus appetizer! Afterwards we took the party to Chandelier, and much like the rest of the hotel the vibe was well dressed, affluent 30-40somethings out to have a great time. Great selection of 'mixologist' type cocktails. Just so much fun. . . I can't wait to return to Cosmo, the coolest hotel in Vegas.
Neat looking hotel & casino...inside and out.  Very modern!  I went here with my family to try the Wicked Spoon buffet (it was okay).  I really like the way this place is decorated on the inside.  They have this cool area on the 3rd floor with a pool table, fooseball table, and other activities just out in the open to play around with.  The decor is intriguing and cool.
This is one of the most beautiful hotels we have ever stayed in. When you enter the lobby its like a friggn acid trip. The pillars have moving pictures in them, I couldn't stop staring because their are like naked people images pressing against the screen, it was unbelievable! True art and very futuristic. The rooms are so pretty and the parking is easy. No problem with cell phones and our iPads, like other hotels. The room we had was quiet and relaxing with a deep bathtub that I had the pleasure of using this morning. We've stayed at a lot of hotels and this definetly one of my faves! My husband just informed me we have an upgraded room, lucky me!
Our balcony suite was the best room in Vegas we ever had. We watched the Bellagio fountain from our balcony every night from our room it was like being in the middle of the strip! WOW! our room was amazing and the casino was fun. Probably would not stay anywhere else again.
My wife and I have stayed at the Cosmopolitan twice in the last four months. As any business finds itself, it improves and can go from ok to outstanding! That's what has happened at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.. . A little background. As I understand it, the Cosmopolitan was originally supposed to be a condo complex, designed and built during the condo boom in Vegas. But in the real estate meltdown of 2008 a number of the developments suffered. The biggest name among those was in the City Center complex, across the street. I'm not sure what exactly happened to this complex, but the owners decided to move forward as a hotel property instead. Eventually, Marriott purchased and opened the property. The Cosmopolitan opened May 2012. . . The property is beautiful, elegant and is a perfect fit for its location between City Center and the Bellagio properties. During our first visit, we had a suite on the 59th floor, this time we had "City Rooms" on the 40th floor. . . But, like everything that's new, it takes a while to get up to speed. During our first trip, we had a number of small problems that marred the trip. This time, those problems have not just been resolved, but the level of service has improved dramatically. . . Here's one example... In February, we went to check in for our flight home at the terminals that were supplied. Frustrating and did not work. Went back this time, and the bellman told us that the terminals were not up to their standards and they tossed them. He then took us over to the concierge, who got us check in and printed our boarding passes. . . I also have to thank Rico, one of the service team leaders who made it his mission to make sure that our stay went well... And yes Rico, the "fire breathing dragon" is a great drink to enjoy at the main bar.. . Bottom line: We'll be back, and hope that the team that is running the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas continues to make this property a great place to enjoy, "just the right amount of wrong."
You gotta help me out. It's all a blur last night. We need a taxi. 'Cause you're hung over and I'm broke. . Not broke, but with unemployment comes the opportunity to play a little. Quitting my line of work however is harder than leaving the Mob. Partly my fault as I am a bit of a work-a-holic and am doing my best to rid myself of a paycheck (for now).. . I'm sure the boss people at The Cosmopolitan have been sitting on pins and needles waiting for me to post my review. I mean 1400 plus postings and mine would surely put this beautiful property over the top.. . I've gotten too old for hotels that attract kids running up and down hallways, screaming 20 somethings next door slamming doors and trays of smelling food left outside of rooms. The Cosmopolitan caters towards an older crowd like myself (pushing 40 dude). With this you will encounter spotless halls without any of chaos that other hotels on the strip seem to attract (I'm looking at you Hard Rock...though you aren't on The Strip so umm yeah).. . You wanna cash out. And get the hell outta town. Don't be a baby. Remember what you told me. . I do remember what you told me and that's why I let you book our hotel. Because of our most recent stay I am now liking Vegas just a little more than I used to. It's not just a place for kids to party. . . In a city that is always about the "next big thing", I would be perfectly fine if from now all my future stays in Vegas are right here.
Everytime I was SUPPOSED to come to Vegas, the plans ALWAYS fell through! That really made me mad! But not this time! . . I came here back in April with my friends from LA. There were about 17 of us and we all pitched in and got one of the most fabulous suites in the hotel! The view was spectacular. . WE HAD A BLAST! Our whole trip consisted of: . Pool from 10am-5pm (like a work shift, lol) . Power nap from 6-7pm, . Panda Express at 7:30pm, . Walking the strip from 8pm-12am,  . Clubbing from 1am-7am, . Sleeping for about 3 hours or less,  . Back at the pool at 10am.. ALL WHILE BEING DRUNK THE ENTIRE TIME. . . The hotel is grand and super swanky and fabulous and the staff at the hotel were super chill & I could tell they enjoy their jobs.  Its located right across from Fat Tuesday's and Panda Express and the mall that has Spice Market inside (forgot what the mall's name is). I'm so stoked that we stayed here. This will forever be my go to Vegas hotel.
I love the Cosmopolitan.  It's by far my favorite resort in Vegas.  They really do offer a lot here in comparison to other hotels.  Stayed in a Terrace Studio recently and I loved the room.  The room was spacious, there was a living room area with a couch, bar/kitchen area with a microwave, dishwasher, sink, large shower, separate bath tub.  The room also had a balcony which I absolutely loved.  This stay, our room had a view of the Vegas Strip and faced Planet Hollywood directly.  Below, was a view of the Boulevard Pool.  Monday nights in the summer, the Cosmopolitan has Dive In movies.  We didn't have to go down to the Boulevard Pool to watch though since we could catch everything from the balcony of our room--pretty cool. . . The Bamboo Pool and Boulevard Pool was really relaxing during the day.  I enjoyed the food that we ordered at the pool, I had a Chicken Pita Sandwich and the edamame, both were delicious. The pool area was calming and relatively quiet unless of course you go to Marquee Dayclub.  The Boulevard Pool area has foosball tables, pool tables and better music as opposed to the Bamboo Pool.  I guess it's probably why the Boulevard Pool boasted a younger and more hip crowd. . . Service was amazing at the Cosmo, everyone I encountered was really friendly and helpful.  I love everything about the Cosmopolitan EXCEPT for the gambling.  I never seem to have had much luck here, but maybe I'll try again the next trip!
I used to live in Vegas, went to college out there. The Strip was my home for a little while. It does get tiring. But the Cosmopolitan brings me back to Vegas. With the new growth of the Strip brings new talent, architecture, innovation, and design. . The Lobby doors greet you with an organized line. Each Front Desk Agent does his or her check in with time. & in a place like Vegas, this is more than welcome. . Stylish decor. This Autograph Collection Hotel ornaments their Floors & their Staff. Award winning Food & Beverage Outlets across the board, award winning venues across the board, and the rule is you cant sit at the bar if you don't drink up. . The rooms are spacious. Highly organized with followups, and the spacious bathroom and the touch of laundry bags with a one liner helps. . The Cosmopolitan is now one of my Hotels of choice for Las Vegas. The Autograph Collection is one to remember. If you go to Vegas, enjoy a little of your time at The Cosmo.
STUNNING!!!!!!!!!!!!! this casino was SO beautiful. just go walk around. thats all I did. maybe next time we will stay there - perfect location!
Breathtaking hotel!  Might be the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas.
I stay here every time I come to vegas.  The hotel has two guest towers with a long and narrow casino at the bottom.  I like how small the casino feels compared to places like Cesar's Palace or MGM.. . The guest rooms are great (at least the ones that I have stayed in).  I usually stay in a studio terrace room view of the Bellagio fountain.   The studio terrace with a fountain view is by far one of the best rooms I have stayed at in Vegas and the pit bosses and casino hosts are not shy about giving comped. rooms.. . Last time we did a cabana at Bamboo, that was pretty dope and the service was really good.. . If you get late night munchies, be sure to hit up the Henry and get the truffle tater tots with whatever you order, they are the shit.. . Overall, it's hard to beat the crowd and quality of the rooms here.  I highly recommend Cosmo if you're looking to have a good time in Vegas.
Best drinks at the Chandelier room! Go here if you want to feel like you're in a boutique hotel or a speak easy. They are super inventive, they make their own cherry coke and put leather infused something or other into a drink. Also their service is outstanding. This place is so good, I went here every night when I was inVegas. Yup, that good.
Hands down my favorite hotel on the strip.  Extremely modern, very hip, and great amenities.  . . I've stayed here twice and both times I got the Terrace One Bedroom, which is quite a decent sized room.  Kitchenette, nice long couch, desk, closet, two TVs, a bedroom separated from the living area with a rotoscoping door, and a fantastic bathroom with a large walk-in shower and, in this particular room, a Japanese soaking tub.  It's not a tub you can really lounge in, but it's deeper than normal tubs meant for sitting like in a Japanese bath house (I think, never really been to a Japanese bath house).. . The hotel itself makes you want to dress up and go a little classier than Vegas requires.  The casino itself is kinda small, but I'm not a huge gambler (only a couple hundred bucks everytime I'm in Vegas) so it didn't bother me that it was small.  . . Try the Wicked Spoon buffet, which is absolutely fantastic and probably one of the best on the strip I've had.  Their asian food selection was kinda meh, but they had plenty of seafood choices and some unique spin on some dishes.  It almost feels like I'm at a tapas buffet because they serve almost everything in its own little dish so your plate is full of little dishes rather than a pile of food.  . . Every room in the Cosmo has its own outdoor terrace which is rare in a Vegas hotel.  This makes the Cosmo room a great place to chill outside and have some cocktails and enjoy the Vegas view and breeze (or, if during summer, the searing hot winds).  . . Be warned, if you want a quiet hotel at night, you either need to be on the West Tower or high on the East Tower.  The Marquee Nightclub and Dayclub are LOUD and, even on the 53rd floor, we could hear the craziness if we kept the terrace door open.  Even closed, we could somewhat feel the bass as the GF and I tried to sleep.. . Speaking of the Marquee, it's still a super hot club in Vegas and the last time I was there (Feb 2012), ATB was DJing and it was an incredible show.  A table for 14 people was a 5 bottle min I believe.  I was sad we couldn't kill the last bottle of Grey Goose :(  But I know we were there from around 10pm-4am and I know I had a GREAT time!. . The only downside is that because the Cosmo is a hot hotel, it's really hard to find a good deal.  The City Rooms are your basic hotel rooms with two beds and a bathroom and closet, nothing special.  I've not stayed in a City Room so I don't know if there's a balcony or not.  The next step up from the City Room is the Terrace Studio which I think you should start with at the minimum.  . . I would say if you're paying at most $150 for the Terrace One Bedroom, you're getting a deal.  It's normally $300 or more/night (during Thurs-Sat).
I love love love the cosmopolitan!!!. . Stayed here for EDC weekend from Friday to Tuesday (was lucky enough to get a free wraparound suite in the east tower. Shoutout to Tiffany C. For hooking it up). I wont go too much into the lobby and the shopping area since everyone can just go and check it out without having to stay here.. . Onto the room! We stayed at East tower room 5293 and 5292. The room(s) is amazing!! Very modern and has ample amnenities for whatever you need. The best part of the room is of course the balcony! On one side we had the perfect view of the Bellagio fountain and when you turn the corner there is Marquee right below us! Free dayclub shows? Count me in! It was perfect to lounge on the balcony to enjoy the sun and the music below after a hectic night of partying.. . Being able to hear Marquee from your room is a good and bad thing. When we arrived on Friday we were very tired and tried to get a quick nap in before EDC. But it was hard to sleep to the sound of Armin chants and their fireworks going off. Im not going to deduct a star for that because we had no trouble sleeping at night. . . This was my 4th time staying at The Cosmopolitan and you can count on me returning in the near future!. . PS get the electric blue lemonade when you are in the casino! It is delicious!!. . Pictures coming soon!
I stayed at The Cosmopolitan in April of 2013 and this is the best Hotel ever...very very nice staff and Awesome Suites with balconies! They even give you a room key with your name printed on it :-) how cool is that! Can't wait to go back.
If you want THE Las Vegas experience, go here. . . There's no other way to put it, nothing else to add. It's THE place to be/go.
Beautiful hotel and the Wicked Spoon buffet is one of the best in town.
Where to start with this place? It's everything Vegas should be, and will be in the near future. Great venues to lounge out, a modern casino with a great vibe, delicious dining options from the high-end STK to the dirt cheap Secret Pizza , and not to mention beautiful rooms that make you realize just how poorly you've decorated your home and how uncomfortable your furniture is. . . I made some of the best memories of my life at The Cosmopolitan. . I rang in New Years Eve with Stevie Wonder in 2012, threw up in a private bathroom and blacked out for 4 hours the same night, came back and got married exactly one year later, and watched several members of my immediate family get alcohol poisoning. . . The staff here is 5* the whole way around. The bartenders, security, front desk agents, and restaurant employees all treat you like regulars that have been coming for years. Every trip to Vegas I see Cosmo staff seeking out people to make even the smallest things in a trip be more enjoyable for their guests. For example, this past 4th of July weekend I saw what I assume was a manager on the 2nd floor near Holsteins step in when he saw a group of tourists taking pictures in front of the Chandelier Bar to snap a few shots so all of the group could be in them. It seemslike a small gesture, but when they are multiplied by 100 every trip and all over the resort, it's hard not to love the place.. . As far as gambling goes, for someone in their mid 20's the only place that comes close to having such a great vibe is Planet Hollywood, but I prefer Cosmo's music selection which features tons of Stevie Wonder and Charlie Wilson when it comes to gambling environment. . . Can't wait to get back for New Years Eve to celebrate my anniversary and see who they have performing this year.
Cosmo is so beautiful inside. The chandelier is really what makes it so spectacular. I've only visited here, I haven't stayed here so I can't rate the rooms. But with the staff I have dealt with here are very nice and helpful.
Best Hotel Ever!!! Every time I go to Vegas I always book the Cosmo.
The cosmopolitan bungalows are 5 start BUNGALOWS . Designed for the utmost in poolside luxury, each Bungalow features three levels of exclusivity with an outdoor bar, private Jacuzzi and secluded veranda-like patio overlooking the Marquee Dayclub Pool.. I really enjoy my stay here i will recommend this place.
Love this place, I am here at least once a month!
I came to The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas for a conference. Upon checking in the kind gentleman at the front desk placed us in a beautiful Terrace Studio. He provided me with conference information, cracked a few jokes. He was absolutely excellent. Upon entering the room, I was immediately greeted with the sound of music coming from one of the two plasma screen televisions. The sound quality was phenomenal! It immediately set romantic yet sexy vibe.The studio contained a beautiful terrace that ran along the entire width of the room with a comfortable chair covered with cushions and pillow, a cushioned foot rest and a side table. We enjoyed both wine and breakfast on the terrace. The seat easily fit the two of us. The king bed was adorned with an oversized comforter and multiple pillows. At the foot of the bed was an ottoman.  In front of the bed was the plasma screen television from which the music was playing. The living area contained a curved sofa. Another plasma screen television was placed in front of it. A kitchen stocked with a mini fridge, microwave and coffee maker was also present in the room. The bathroom was large. It had both a stand up shower and a small Jacuzzi. Finally there were the most comfortable robe and slippers available for each of us. The staff even let us take them home!. . As for the rest of the hotel. . . The entrance was eye catching, there were digital screens displaying moving images of a couple which were erotic but appropriate. It was eye catching, trendy and truly captured the overall feel of  Las Vegas. . . There was a restaurant called The Wicked Spoon. We ordered two meals from this restaurant, breakfast which we ate on the patio and the dinner buffet. The dinner buffet wasn't your run of the mill buffet. Each item was on a a mini plate or bowl rather than in large trays which were  turned over often. Being overly aware of the microbiology that can present itself at buffets, I enjoyed this quality. The food was excellent all around. The flavors were great, the options were numerous and everything was beautiful presented. . . The gym was also great. Although I had to wait for machines likely because of the time that I went, I still cannot complain. The equipment was clean, the staff courteous and towels and water were available. . . The chandelier, a beautiful bar downstairs and the casino downstairs were quite. I cannot comment on the quality of the bar as I did not attend it. But it looked like people were enjoying it. The casino was smaller than those present at most of the larger hotels, however, I did have some fun with the roulette machine. Tables were minimum 20 and people looked like they were  enjoying themselves. The Marquee is the club at this hotel. The bouncers really over charged males and since I had come with one, I did not make it to this club. However, I've heard good things. . . The conference was well organized. The hotel has a multitude of rooms and ballrooms for the purposes of group events. The refreshments provided were wonderful.. . As for price I booked a vacation package so I got a great deal. About 1000 for 3 nights + flight from Virginia to Las Vegas for the two of us. Considering that getting a flight alone was about 450, its like we got three nights at this beautiful hotel for 100 dollars total. I thought it was quite the steal. . . In summary, this hotel is beyond phenomenal. I thoroughly enjoyed it in its entirety. From its artistic displays, delicious dining options, bars, casino, luxurious rooms to its excellent customer service, this hotel is the place to stay on the Las Vegas Strip. I strongly recommend it to all.
There are no other hotels like this modern, sexy and chic hotel in Las Vegas. The crowd is young and beautiful like the models in a Vogue magazine.  Crystal chandeliers are all over the casinoand hotel. The rooms are huge with a great view of the city from the balcony.  We got a view of the Bellagio fountain! Oh, there is an open window that looks into the bathroom. Great for couples ...not so great for sharing rooms with people you barely know. Worth the money.
If you want . . 1.Class. 2.Sexiness. 3.Luxory. 4.Amazing Views. 5.Cleanliness. 6.Modernism. 7.Beauty. . Please, stay at the Cosmo. Take it from someone who has stayed in so many different hotels in Vegas, the Cosmo is the place to be. One if not the only hotel on the strip if I am not mistaken with balconies. I know that sounds simple, but being able to have a balcony with such an awesome and beautiful and modern room, its the complete package to be able to wake up, step outside and have the Bellagio fountains right in front of you soaking in the morning Vegas air. One of the classiest and nicest places I have had the pleasure to be in. You cant beat the Cosmo, or the City Center for that matter. AMAZING!
Terrace Suite. If you're a high roller stay in NE corner wraparound terrace suite request 29th flr or higher. $500night minimum but big enough to throw quite a party overlooking the strip. Destination360 has a 360 virtual tour http://www.destination360.com/north-america/us/nevada/las-vegas/cosmopolitan-terrace-suite . . Complete with washer and dryer and full kitchen.
This hotel is so elegant & modern. The rooms are gorgeous and spacious. Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains. Loved sitting on the balcony and seeing the fountains. The fitness center is the best fitness center I have ever seen in a hotel.
Expensive rooms, but you really pay for what you get. Get the suites that have balconies and the view of the Bellagio fountain and you'll have one hell of a time in Vegas.
I dont stay at any other hotel in Vegas. Their normal rooms compare to suites in other hotels. Also, check out the pizza joint upstairs. Open late and serves some of the best pies in LV!
great rooms and great casino. upgraded our room for free and has the best robes. .buy them because you can't find them anywhere. I took mine home and they never charged me:) Lucky much?
Wow, what a great hotel.  We have stayed at a lot of five star resorts & hotels, and this one is right up there with the best.  For such a massive hotel (close to 3,000 rooms I believe), they do an amazing job.  Breakdown:. Common areas - the lobby is simply amazing.  They spent a fortune on this area and it shows in terms of the quality and design.. Rooms - the rooms are very large and include small balcony's.  Be sure to get a room overlooking the Bellagio water fountain if you can.  The rooms will either have a kitchenette (frig, microwave, sink) or some have a full kitchen.  This place was originally going to be high-end condo's but the previous owner defaulted on the loan / DB took over and turned it into a high-end hotel.. Casino - I'm not a gambler, but they did have a nice casino floor in my opinion.  One BIG plus was the ventilation - while this is a smoking area, you really didn't smell it that much like other casinos.  Big plus for us non-smokers.. Service - Service from every single staff member was top notch - from the VIP check-in, wait staff at any of the restaurants, and anyone from the staff who you might run into in the hallways or common areas.. . Yes, this is an expensive hotel, especially by Vegas standards, but the quality is there in my opinion to warrant the rates they charge.  Others must agree because the Cosmo is commonly sold out.
Came with my girlfriend for a few nights. Really nothing bad I can say about this place. It's pricey but definitely impressive and high quality, and I'd say we had a good time.. . Good: . -Everything from the shops, to the rooms to the day and night club says chic modern opulence.. -Good customer service, I had no real qualms with anything. All staff was friendly and gregarious. I had an issue with the TV and they sent someone up right away. One of the minibar sensors was broken, and when I called to have the charge removed, they comped me the 375ml bottle of grey goose!. -Not sure if this is for all rooms, but the junior suite I had came with a connectivity panel with audio jacks, USB ports, etc. that connected into the room's tv/audio--something that is lacking in most hotels I've stayed at. The TV also had satellite radio! Lets you keep beats bumping all day!. --Parking and valet is included in the ~$25 daily resort fee (I think this true of all vegas hotels though). . Bad:. -Takes awhile for bellman to bring your bags up, and pick them up when you're all set.. -the ATMs in the hotel have a $6 service charge, on top of your bank's ATM fees, so don't rely on them if you don't have to.. -Marquee Day Club was probably the least fun of all the beach clubs I've been to (Daylight, Surrender, Tao). The attendees and bartenders just seemed douchier than the vegas average. Worst of all, this pool boy would constantly stalk around the pool yelling at people with drinks to move to the edge of the pool. He would go so far as to wade into the pool to yell at people that weren't paying attention to him, kicking them out if they ignored him too many times or gave him attitude. Total buzz kill. I'd dock points for their club but this is a review for the hotel so.... . . Side Note:. It's owned by Marriott, and this property gives pretty sweet perks to their members, so if you're platinum I really don't see any reason to stay anywhere else in Vegas.. --Your own exclusive check-in room that skips the line (I was in the regular check in line but somehow the front desk guy knew and led me to the platinum members room, woohoo for feeling important when you're on vacation.. --Choice of 500 pts or free lunch buffet for two at the Wicked Spoon.. --use of platinum member lines. --complimentary upgrades if available
Great hotel...Pay the monies and get a room to view the Bellogio Fountains.. Rooms with a balcony are nice.  OPen the door and you can see and hear the strip.  Pretty nice...The upgraded balcony room was great on floor 50 as well.  Great bed and showers......Excellent lighting and fridge.....surely a high end property but worth the added money.  This is also a Marriott property and I am Marriott rewards member so I get more points and got priority check in as well.  The restaurant and buffet were both great.....The 24 hour restaurant, can't remember the name had a very good cost effective breakfast.  We did not hit the Dayclub or Night Club, Marquee, but we will when we go back as we will stay here again.  Keep in mind the pool music can get load when they a have named DJ on site. If your looking for a quiet room, let them know so you can stay in back part of the property.  The strip view front hotel section was great. I never saw the Bellagio fountains from a high view like that so it was cool. Location is awesome......Right in the center of everything.....If I could make this 6 stars I would..... . Great job Cosmo.
I just stayed here the last couple of days and had an amazing time. I was here with my boyfriend and itwas romantic and classy. We had dinner at STK one night for a birthday bash and it was great food. We had a party of 12 people not one person complained about their food. Yes, the prices are pretty high and the drinks are about $14.00 a piece. It was a nice experience and we loved the live DJ inside, with a mixture of all kinds of music.. . The room was also very clean and I liked the style and how big the room was. We had a balcony outside and it looked right over the pool. The bed was very comfortable and they had everything you would need from a dishwasher to a fridge. The shower and tub were very clean. The bathroom was so big and I loved how all the lights were connected together and you could hit one switch and all the lights would go on or off.. . We went to both pools and they were both nice. We went to movie night on Monday night at the pool and that was AWESOME!! We watched a movie and ate tacos and swam around. It was just a great time with so many memories made. I suggest everyone stay here once.
I really liked this hotel. Beautiful lobby and casino. Fantastic rooms and the service is pretty good all around. I had one issues with a rude room service operator named Jacqueline, but their social media team and management made up for the small issue. As someone who goes to Vegas 4-5 times a year, I can say I will 100% stay here again.
I just returned from a long weekend at The Cosmopolitan and I just had to write a review to rave about the place.  The hotel facilities, pools, restaurants, casino, shops were all exceptional.  Right from the greeting at check-in and throughout the great meals and entertainment...the thing that made the difference was the friendly attitude of the staff.  In fairness, I am Marriott platinum so my standards and expectations are unusually high...Cosmopolitan meets and exceeds them in every way.  I've stayed in most of the big casinos on the strip and liked most of them.  Still, I can't think of a reason why I would stay anywhere else but the Cosmopolitan from now on.  Really, "fantastic" is the best word I can think of.  If I could give an extra star I would.  Great job Cosmo...see you again soon!
My favorite place to stay on the Strip.  We stayed here for our wedding night before leaving for our honeymoon.  Our room had 2 bathrooms, a kitchenette, small dining nook, living room, bedroom, and massive balcony that overlooked the Bellagio fountains.  Everything was high tech in the room, the decor was awesome (look closely at the wallpaper!  hehe).  . . It's just a very beautiful, classy place.  We loved it.  We've also been to concerts here and the grill by the pool, several restaurants.  I don't have anything negative to say about the facilities or services.  It is a very popular place, so expect crowds, but it is so worth it.
Beautifully decorated throughout. We stayed here on our honeymoon for 3 nights and absolutely loved it. The rooms was beautifully put together, clean and overlooked the Bellagio Fountains. The staff was very nice and helped us whenever we needed anything. Loved the hotel so much we hardly ever left. We went to the bamboo pool and it was very well kept, hip music andgreat drinks.. The only downside -  was the wait to get into our room. We were told it would be a couple minutes, and it ended up being over an hour. If we visit Vegas anytime in the future we will definitely come back.
If ppl ask me which hotel he/she should stay at vegas, Cosmo is always #1~~~ but price is little bit high.... . i love its bed and design....the hotel location is at the middle of strip which is perfect!!! free self-parking which is much better than mandarin oriental hotel. great customer service
I have had the lucky chance to stay at ALL of the city centers resorts. Aria, Mandarin, Vdara and finally the Cosmopolitan. . I will have to say, it is my favorite out of the bunch. . I had dinner at Scarpetta, a beautifully prepared 7 course meal and some amazing wine. . . My room choice of the night for my stay was the Wrap Around Terrence suite. Located on the 38th floor, which I believe was the top of the tower on the west side of the strip. My photos speak for themselfs, I loved every second of being in that room. . . But the real reason i love this place more than anything.. the price. Out of all the resorts surrounding the Cosmo, they have the best bang for your buck. I will now make this the only resort/hotel i stay at in Vegas!
My friends had stayed here and their room overlooked the Bellagio Fountains.  It's a great location in the center of the strip.  I highly recommend this place if you are visiting with friends not good for families.
During this weekend Vegas trip we stopped by the Cosmopolitan both Friday and Saturday nights. It's one of my favorite Vegas spots and a must visit. The crowd is generally young and hip. The staff is professional and helpful. Beautiful, gorgeous decor. They know how to do Vegas justice.
A-MA-ZING.  This is my favorite place to eat, drink, and sleep!  I stayed here when they first opened and got a pretty awesome deal on our suite.  The hotel service here is amazing, but it does get very crowded... that's because it's such an awesome hotel.. . Check out the restaurants and bars, they're great!
ABSOLUTELY gorgeous!!! Excellent service!! Beautiful people!! Can't wait to visit again!!! I will NEVER stay at another hotel!!
Best hotel in Vegas! We stayed for three nights and felt no need to leave the property for our last two days. . . Our room was sleek, comfortable, with a touch of sexy. The property itself is massive and can be confusing to navigate. I loved that I never had to walk through the casino everything I needed was on level two and up. . . If you are looking for a great pool party skip Marquee day party, and head to the Boulevard pool. You don't have to pay $500 to sit down, but get there early if you want to snag a chair. . . The Cosmo has a great variety of restaurants ranging from high end to pizza, you can satisfy any craving. We ate at Jaleo and Scarpetta, both were fabulous and completely different. . . Nightlife at the Cosmo did not disappoint! If you want to grab a cocktail there is the magnificient Chandelier bar. Bond is a little more upbeat, and the decor is awesome. If you really want to rage Marquee night club is the spot! Marquee night club is my favorite club in Vegas. . . I will definatly stay at The Cosmo again!
Love this place! Always excellent service! Very modern and cool. They comp very well compared to other casinos. Great restaurants, and make sure to check out the secret pizza place and the pool, which hosts many great concerts.
For my pre-birthday celebration, my friend, his cousin and I decided to venture to Vegas. We got a decent flight schedule that did not cost all too much and it made way for getting a room at the cosmopolitan. Initially, I did not care if we stayed at a hotel that was fairly decent, near the strip and had good options for dining. However, since my friend was all in he decides to get a suite with a chance for a great upgrade. . . Once you get  to the hotel, you immediately notice how different it is from all the other Vegas hotels. A bright white  sign flashes once you drive in and upbeat music plays in the driveway where all the cabs and cars drive through.. . The check in area is very nice and simple. There is three pillars that have animation while you wait for your turn to check in or make a reservation. The hosts are nice people and make you feel at home.. . We happened to get an upgrade for a good price. The room was a suite upgrade that included a mini bar(that we did not touch), a  kitchen with a microwave, two walk in closets, one queen sized bed. Two lazy boy chairs, one master bathroom with a bathtub and a regular bathroom. The room had a view of the Bellagio water show and the strip which was beautiful during the night. It also had two big screen LCD TV sets as well.. . The highlight of the hotel is the dining options. We were rewarded a resort card that was good enough to use at any of the restaurants. Another highlight is the casino. Although very smokey and obviously loud, it's a very nice casino that accentuates the hotel.. . This is the second hotel I have stayed in at city center and hopefully will try this place again in the future!
So I seem to be writing more reviews for places located in Las Vegas than Phoenix lately.  I need to change this... stat!  But for now, my review of the Cosmo!. . One of the newest hotels on the strip, it is classy and classic... and definitely targeted toward the younger and affluent.  From the moment you walk into the lobby and then see the humongous chandelier that envelopes the Chandelier Bar.  Work you way up the escalator to the 2nd (or 3rd?) floor and you have a wonderful selection of delectably-delicious restaurants to choose from.  . . The rooms are extremely well-appointed with ultra-modern and hip decor! . . Expensive, but you feel like you are getting your money's worth!
This is a very modern and trendy hotel. So trendy, in fact, that I made a point to inform people that I was well aware I am not "hip enough" to be staying at The Cosmopolitan.  . . But...THAT'S NOT THE CASE AT ALL! Never once was I made to feel I didn't belong.... everyone I encountered during my stay from concierge, to room service and spa staff were friendly and helpful. . . My boyfriend (at the time) and I booked a Terrace Suite facing the Bellagio fountains using a 20% promotional discount for booking a 3+ night stay.  The room was gorgeous and spacious. It featured two TV's (one in the living area, another in the bedroom area), a Japanese soaking tub, his+her sinks, large shower and a private balcony.  Another thing I loved about the room was the hello and goodbye feature that turned on and off all the lights in the room with one touch. I also enjoyed buying over priced coffee in the mornings and sitting outside on the balcony soaking up the strip.. . There isn't much privacy separating the bedroom and bathroom area, so I probably wouldn't book this room if I were staying during a girls trip.  Accccctually, I probably would.  Who needs privacy in Vegas? Something to consider, though. . . My infatuation with this hotel might be slightly biased.  My boyfriend (at the time) actually became my fiance on this trip.  He proposed outside on the private balcony during a fountain show.  He had arranged ahead of time to have champagne delivered via room service at a specific time, and they were right on time.  It was perfect.
GORGEOUS ROOMS!!!! The rooms are super spacious and comfortable. you get your own balcony too!. i had an amazing time Vegas and this hotel was the icing to my cake. i HIGHLY recommend staying here. . . *side-note: the room service isn't 5 stars. more like 2 1/2.. I ordered 3 times from them during my stay and wasn't too impressed. :-/
This is the future my friends :D. . If this is your first time in Las Vegas this might not be the hotel for you however if you know what Vegas has to offer please give this place a try and book a room here. Main reason like other reviews mentioned...this is an Oasis that offers everything with the best location on the Strip!. . Jenny @ the front desk. Thank you. You made this a 5 star experience. You are a great asset to the Hotel. Thank you for taking your time and being patient with us :]. . Valet , Front Desk, Bamboo Pool, Bond, Vesper, The Henry, The Overlook Grill, Holsteins...everything was 5+.. . The only two meh... not really worth the $$$  were the Blue Ribbon Sushi and Marquee Day Club...but those are two separate stories. . . People please tip the house keeping lady. You leave your room looking like the first scene of  hangover (movie) and expect to come back to your room looking brand new by leaving nothing but peanuts on the table? Don't be douchey. :|. . But guess what.... I left a $5 on the table for the house keeping and they hooked it up! . 1. Extra towels . 2. My wife's make up was arranged in a really cool way . 3. Bathtub was scrubbed and left sparkly clean . 4. All the bedding was changed . 5. All the t-shirts and jeans were folded and put nicely on the bed. . 6. Shoes were arranged by the door and all that for $5.00 dollars people..... . The point of my story is: This is Vegas. Tip and people will take care of you!. . Thank you Cosmo for such a wonderful and pleasant experience.. . I will see you soon!. . Cheers :D
So far, the best hotel I have stayed at in Vegas.. . Everything is new, everything is classy, sophisticated, and luxurious.. . They staff was really friendly. They have a ton of great restaurants and one of the best clubs in Vegas, Marquee.. . They have something for everyone, although it is definitely a hotel for younger, Generation Y people with money. They even have a pool where families can go with their kids, leaving the two other adult pools to well, the adults.. . The rooms here are pretty cool, the little touches are nice. When you turn your TV on it says 'Welcome __insert name____" as well as having your name on each key card. They have a see through shower which is pretty scandalous!. . The only complaint is the elevators are super confusing, it takes a day or two to understand which ones to take where, but you will get the hang of it. . . You really don't ever have to leave the hotel. Can't wait to go back!
Another great visit to the Cosmopolitan.. I love the feel of this place , the dealers are the most friendly on the strip.. Nothing to complaint about other than the housekeeping, a little late in the day and kinda spotty.
PROS:. - My hotel room had a balcony overlooking the strip, which was above the Boulevard Pool.  So free balcony seats during the Kid Cudi concert on Friday night.  Bonus!. - The elevators require a room key to be usable, which kept the ratchets away. - The pool was also only accessible by presenting your room key.  Guest only pool = see above. - The parking garage is state of the art, which had red and green lights above each parking spot to let ya know that there was a space available. - Secret Pizza was just downstairs and was open til 5 am.  Who doesn't love a good slice of pizza after a shenanigan-filled evening?. . CONS:. - There were a lot of obnoxious groups roaming the casino floor on Saturday night, which was a minor inconvenience at most. . Definitely staying here again.
Located smack dab in the middle of The Las Vegas Strip, this is one swanky joint. First thing to mention is the fragrance they pump in to counteract the foul smell of cigarette smoke. The restaurants here are great, the pool delightful and the staff friendly. If, or I should say when you visit Las Vegas, only a lunatic wouldn't come here. Stay at this very groovy property, or at least stop by and walk around. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I recently came to Vegas for the very first time.  Long story short, a LOT of things went wrong including me having to switch hotels and flight issues.. . One of the few bright spots on my trip was a new bartender at The Cosmopolitan, named Will.  I met him on my first day at the Queue Bar.  Apparently he was in training, but you couldn't tell.  I thought he was a lead bartender.  He is charismatic, professional, engaging, and goes above and beyond to make the patron feel like the only person in the entire Casino.  There was a couple there from the UK that he chatted up while they gambled for 3 hours (much longer than they planned on, but they were having so much fun!  --paraphrasing).    No one's glass was ever empty and Will answered questions and made everyone feel right at home.. . I ran into Will another day at the "sports bar" (don't know official name), and he was the same there.. . Later, when my flight was canceled - I came back to book another night and found him at the "mid-Chandelier" bar.  A gal and I both noted how at ease he was.  I told her that he seemed to fit at whichever bar he was at - and seemed to have been there a lot longer and flow with the environment and with the different patrons at each bar.  She too, was amazed to find out he was still new at Cosmos.. . I don't usually write complaints or rave reviews... but Will deserves a rave review since he was one of the few things making me smile last week.  If I come back to Vegas - I will be back atCosmo's for sure!. . The staff, cleanliness, rooms, pools, and everything else was also great - but Will just stuck out above the rest!  (go to the Bamboo Pool!)
The hotel was OFF THE CHAIN... MIND you we had a suite that had the view of the Bellagio fountain on one side and the pool on the other... . . The room was practically a furnished full size condo, and the hotel is rather new, so it's extremely clean and in the middle of everything.. . I thought it was one of the best stays I've had in Vegas.
It's a beautiful hotel. We got optional to upgrade the room to terrace suite! Score! Everyone was so helpful. We always greeted everytime we pass the hotel personels. Love it! We also got a free pass to Marquee and even have special hotel guess line! Score!! We were let in first just because we were staying there. We were told, though that this free pass was only because of the labor day weekend and it was only that Friday! We had terrific time there. The concierge was also helping us with the boarding pass printing! Nice touch! Love this place! Oh, did I tell you that the bed is so comfortable? Can't wait to be back! Hopefully we get the suite again!
Fantastic hotel! Had a suite overlooking the Bellagio fountain and it was super nice. The room was clean, swanky, and the Japanese soaking tub was a fun treat!. . My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience together from the pool, to the bars, to the dining. I definitely recommend staying here.
The total experience at the Cosmopolitan was fantastic!   We upgraded to a room overlooking the water show at the Bellagio and the strip but that wasn't all this room offered....it also had a great balcony, soaking tub with a view and was well decorated and spacious.   We enjoyed the Marquee day club and night club as well as the Chandelier Bar a few times during our long weekend stay.  The fresh contemporary design of the hotel, friendly customer service of not only the front office staff (Mark) but also the housekeeping staff and security made our visit a memorable weekend.  We're already planning a return trip with the decision of where we'll stay taken care of:-)
Hands down the best Hotel you'll ever stay at! Staff here are very friendly and helpful. Stay for yourself and you wont regret!
By far my favorite hotel! Not only are the decorations amazing, but the service and hospitality are bar none! The rooms are clean and since we got an upgrade to a bigger suite, we also had a little living room area and an extra full bath! As if that wasn't enough, we had a great balcony, big enough to have a little pre party before we headed out, and a kitchen area with a dishwasher! Our view was outstanding, the Bellagio fountains, so we stood on our balcony and had front row seats every 15 minutes.. . And if you don't feel like venturing out of the hotel, there are great restaurants, shops, and bars right inside. The Wicked Spoon buffet is my favorite in all of Vegas...upgrade to unlimited Mimosas, Bloody Mary's, Champagne, AND red/white Wine for only $10...so you either pay $39 or $49. The Chandelier bar is my favorite spot to hang out all night or even for a couple drinks before hitting a night club and the Marquee night cub is fun, great music, and the outdoor area is perfect! . . 3 Pools ensures you always get a good tan, whether you're looking for a chill spot by the Bamboo pool or some more fun at the Boulevard or Marquee Dayclub pools...bronzed and glowing is how you'll leave.  Enjoy!!!
Cosmopolitan is the place to stay at if you're looking to F*** S*** up in Vegas!  Stayed in a wraparound suite and had a few friends stay in a terrace suite a few rooms down.  Good thing we weren't connected 'cause they got hit with the incidental charge! Haha.  I always recommend staying in the wraparound suite here to my friends who are coming in large groups.  Lots of space.  A full kitchen with glassware, sink, fridge with freezer (and it's not full with those overpriced 350 ML bottles and beer) - so stock up!  There's a washer and dryer (somehow my group actually put this to use).  Nice little wet bar too for all your pre-gaming.  There are two bathrooms; one in the bedroom and one by the living room.  The shower and tub in the bedroom are completely open too for everyone to see - which, depending if you come here for fun, can definitely be used for some good times ;).  For those that are a bit more conservative, that is what the other bathroom is for.  And as the name implies, a large wraparound balcony to give you those great strip views.  It only comes with a king bed however, which may be a downer for some, but for those who don't care where you sleep, there's plenty of other room for that.  Like the balcony, where I had two of the five hours of weekend sleep, on one of those comfortable lounge chairs they have out there.  There's a TV in the living and bedroom for those who care to watch it and an iPod dock to connect your tunes (which hotel doesn't have this?). .  . Sure there are cheaper hotels that have similar amenities but they're off the strip or too far from all the action on the strip.  Cosmo has it all downstairs and it's in the middle of the strip.  Great spot to stay at if it's your first time in Vegas and want to party hard.. . With that being said, customer service was great.  Had them send a limo to pick my group up at the airport and then again to drive us to XS and Tao, since that's where my group ended up getting bottle service.  All on time. Helped my group get into the room at 5 am (I had the keys and was already passed out inside).  And they took care of us when we were leaving.  Bell desk guys were courteous and quick, and also gave us some good tips on the weekend.  Marquee Dayclub was wild, as is the nightclub.  Good eating at Secret Pizza, Wicked Spoon and China Poblano.  Great place to have some fun playing craps and roulette - always leave a winner!  Had the best weekend in Vegas staying here!
One of my faves in Vegas.  My room was clean, and the view was amazing.  Check in was a breeze and I was able to upgrade at the desk.  Great location, amenities, and service.
Don't let the sleezy-day-club-Marquee people scare you upon entry if you are checking in on a Saturday- this hotel is great. Our room was FABULOUS and top notch. Balcony you can chill on- Check! (where do you get this in Vegas- basically no where-can you say debts+booze=Jumper?) Suite upgrade-Check! Won in the casino-Check! Great restaurants (Jaleo and Chino Pablano)-Check!, hip and gorgeous decor-Check! (and PS. I am soooo over the looks of Venetian, Wynn, Ceasers, etc- so done with old world sexy).. . Love the room amenities- but hate that the fridge is not empty- we like to stock our own- so my tip... load that great deep kitchen sink with ice and throw your champagne bottles or six packs (however you roll-hey- it's THE Vegas) in there.. . Check in was easy and quick- the quickest I have ever seen and we checked in on Saturday of Labor Day weekend. The pool you ask? Lovely and felt clean unlike at the day club at Marquee.Cosmo has access to lots of fun shopping and other great casinos, clubs, etc.. . Unrelated review note: Most epic moment?: Seeing a nomad-like 70 year old woman in all pink and glitter sitting in the hot smoldering sun with a karaoke machine and singing Lana Del Ray's "Summertime Sadness" better than Lana Del Ray
I will summarize my review as follows: "This is a class establishment with a wonderful and a friendly staff that gives 120% to make each guest feel welcome and special. For a modest price we had a suite that one would normally expect only for wealthy clients.There was free parking and  wonderful amenities including three swimming pools and some incredible restaurants. There were also some great shops. Security was excellent and it was a wonderful and relaxing experience to be there. My only complaints are a lack of coffee machines in the rooms (management claimed that they had had problems with guests spillinghot coffee on themselves and suing the hotel), a lack of a clock in the room, and a fee of up to $25.00 a day for internet. I do highly recommend this hotel for anyone planning a trip to Las Vegas.
Im definitely booking my next stay at the cosmo. . So chic and new!. Definitely where the younger crowd stays. Love the chandelier
What's not to love about this hotel?!?! It is one of the most beautiful hotel that I have been to in Vegas, and I have stayed at most of the hotels in Vegas.  Entering this place and going to the valet can be a little confusing, because it is on the side street on Harmon, not on Las Vegas Blvd.  Once you go in, valet will be on the left, I honestly do not know where self parking is at in this place, because it is like a maze, you can get lost!!  Checking in and going to your room is a breeze, you will be totally amazed by the beauty of it's lobby, as well as the cool screens on all of the walls.  Also theres a nice Vesper Lounge right next to check in if you can't wait and need a shot or a drink to calm you down from being shocked by the sheer magnificence of the place.  If that doesn't impress you, get to the room!  Love the wrap around balcony rooms, its like a big ass studio apartment, with every possible thing you need, from a nice kitchen, to guest bathrooms!!  Just love the view, especially when you get the Bellagio fountain view and the Eiffel Tower view, it is the best view in town!  Cosmo is so beautiful inside, with soo many chandeliers downstairs, and even in your room!!. . Love the design of the place, love the casino, very inviting and very modern.  On to the FOOD, we all love that right?!?! The buffet was bad, I mean Michael Jackson BAD!! Love the nice modern decor of the buffet, the food looks wonderful, but it sucks, totally avoid!  STK was however very good, love the food there, I had the lobster plate, man was it good, highly recommended.  Comme Ca was also very good, a very nice flare to French cuisine, also highly recommended!. . Next is the shopping, one word, sucks.  Although they have All Saints, but that is about it, so take your shopping to Bellagio, Crystals at City Center or Caesars where all the designer brands are at.. . Marquee night club is wonderful! Hard as hell to get in, but once you are in, the decor is wonderful, the music is great, and the crowd is young and lively!. . The pool kicks ass, the pool sits on top of the casino, so you are probably around 10 floors up, overlooking the Las Vegas Strip, can't beat that!. . A great experience, and highly recommended hotel to stay at!!
Absolutely love this hotel!! Have stayed here the last three times we've come to Vegas. The suites are awesome and totally affordable if booked in advance. The view of the fountains is beautiful! Love the decor of the rooms and the hotel itself. We've had nothing but the best service whenever we've stayed here. Great shops and dinning options as well, and a nice convenient walk-over to Walgreens. Have nothing but great things to say about this hotel!
Love love love this hotel. My fiance graciously gave up some of his Marriott points so that my friend and I could have a girls weekend in Vegas and stay somewhere fancy. We stayed in one of their standard rooms with two queen beds. Our room was very spacious and we had a great view of the fountains at the Bellagio. The beds were super comfy and they give you a lot of pillows so you are in ultimate comfort. We also loved that the bathroom had 2 sinks so we never had to fight for the sink while getting ready. Also, being a newer hotel we really appreciated that there were plugs all over the room and we could charge our phones by our bed sides. The staff was very helpful and nice to us. . . Can't wait to stay here again!
At last, my room wasready upon my arrival at 3:30. The room was clean and smelled great. I was there for the Enrique Iglesias concert at the Boulevard Pool last night. I highly recommend anyone who decides to go to a concert here to book the whole room & tickets package, so worth it cause you get early access. I ended up in the front row which was great cause when it's packed and there isn't any cool air, it gets hot with all those body heat. Also wear sandals, you'll thank me, I was in heels and was dying after 1 hour, girls took their shoes off at the end and soaked their feet in the pool. Such a great stay, we didn't even bother to go elsewhere. We ate here, relaxed here, gambled here which I won $100, nothing to write home about but I'm happy not to go home a loser. Loved every part of my stay, now enjoy!
When I think of this hotel the first word that comes to mind is SWANKY. My new favorite hotel!. Our room was perfect even with a balcony view of the pool, it had that party feel to it, and that's what I came for. Perfect restaurants for my liking and stores as well. The casino area was nice airy, maybe a little too airy, I was freezing my bones off!! . Love the pool area, I could have hung out there all day! . Never had a problem with customer service, everyone went out of their way for us.. A perfect hotel for the young and young at heart.
Buy water, or any drinks off the strip. Walgreens across the street is very overpriced. Must visit wicked spoon.. Had a view of the Bellagio Fountains and the strip which was very nice. . This place was very busy all the time.  Pools loaded with people.  If you like the strip you will love this place.
I will stay here again and again and again.  From the moment you walk in and walk through the changing pylon screens you know this is a luxe hotel.. . Love the hello and goodbye buttons in the rooms.  Junior suite is the way to go.. . Must eat at wicked spoon and get the bacon slab.  Don't be afraid to ask for more than one piece :)
We came to Vegas for a business trip but it turned into mostly a pleasure trip by staying at the Cosmo!  We stayed here from a Tuesday-Friday and enjoyed every second of our stay. My husband and I and another couple joined us for our stay. We had a wraparound suite on the 22nd floor overlooking the Marquee Day Club and had a view of the Belaggio Fountains. AMAZING! Our room had many amenities including a full kitchen, wine refrigerator, 2 full bathrooms, a massive bathtub,  gorgeous eclectic decorations and artwork....really everything that you could possibly want from a room on the strip. The location was ideal and close to everything. If you didn't feel like walking it was short cab ride to the end of the strip.. . The pool was wonderful!!! We ended up doing a cabana at the Blvd. pool on a Thursday which was one of the most amazing things ever. We ate and drank like kings and the food and drinks were absolutely delicious. I definitely recommend the fish tacos and the lucky horseshoe cocktail. The lounge chairs in the pool were the icing on the cake for our afternoon naps! What a great way to relax after a long night.. . All of the staff were super friendly and very helpful. They accommodated all of our needs and really went above and beyond. I cant say enough great things about the Cosmo. Seriously an amazing resort. We will definitely be back for years to come!
New favorite Vegas hotel!  The hotel is always bustling, never a dull moment.  Love the restaurants inside the hotel.
This Place from the Rooms to the Food to The staff to the Environment to the Pool. Is Awesome Specially the Buffet  at  wicked Spoon was  an Awesome Experience.
The Cosmopolitan is one of my favorites in Vegas.  Nice service, beautiful rooms, great location...all in all, no complaints. Love the Chandelier bar as well. Definitely would try to stay here when I'm in town.
HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE SPOT to stay in Las Vegas! For just about FOREVER, I have always stuck towards the Venetian and Wynn/Encore as those were our main party spots.  We decided to stay at Cosmo, since we had planned on partying at Marquee, Light and Hakkasan.. . AND BOY DID WE MAKE THE RIGHT CHOICE! The Cosmopolitan is very swanky and hip.  Crowd here is also on the younger side and everything about this casino just screams trendy!. . We ended up with a Terrace One Bedroom. A $50 tip landed us 3 nights upgraded from a Terrace Studio to a Terrace One bedroom Bellagio fountain view and waived resort fees! The room itself is huge. Bedroom is separated from the living room, bathroom has standing shower and also a soaking tub. The Bellagio Fountain view on the balcony is also priceless!. . As far as pricing goes, it's on the expensive side.  You definitely have to do some detective work to score a deal, and if you're interested..private message me and I'll see if I can help you.. . So why else would you visit the Cosmopolitan if you weren't a hotel guest?. . MARQUEE DAYCLUB & NIGHTCLUB. -One of the most popular venues on the Strip right now. They attract big name DJs. I recommend going to the Dayclub on Saturday, and industry Mondays for the nightclub.. . WICKED SPOON BUFFET. -This buffet is definitely one of a kind. There are better buffets on the Strip in terms of food quality, but the layout and dishes here are fun and flirty haha. Dessert section is the way to go! Lunch runs about $23 and dinner is $39!. . SECRET PIZZA SPOT. Located on the food court level, the infamous secret pizza isn't too much to rave about, but it's cheap and tasty! So you can't complain.  It' not hard to find, it's the busiest spot in that level and always has alot of peopel in front of it. Popular spot after Marquee lets out, It gets packed at night time after the clubs let out, so be prepared to wait up to 30 minutes for pizza! . . As far as down falls goes, there are better casinos to play at. I'm not a fan of the layout, and table limits here are very inconsistent. Luckily Planet Hollywood is only a 5 minute walk across the street!. . All in all, the Cosmo is a great experience. I'm very glad that I stayed here and am looking forward to staying here again in the future. I literally have no complaints about it except for the fact that I spent way too much due to the amount of fun that I had on this trip!
My girls and I stayed here for my bachelorette party. . . The place is chic. The staff is friendly. There are a ton of amenities. The restaurants were fabulous. the views from the room are gorgeous. The best part? I'm ashamed to say because no one sleeps in Vegas, but the beds! The beds were so freakin comfy!! . . I would definitely stay here again on my next trip to Vegas. . . Big thank you their employee Chris F. who took major care of us while we were there.
One of my favorite places in the world! Quintessential Las Vegas- Glitz and Glamour everywhere. From the food, to the clubs to the food, to the rooms- this place is amazing. HUUGE casino floor. Amazing pools. They even have a boozey ice cream shop (should you be lucky enough to find it)! Every time I go to Vegas, I feel like I've died and gone to heaven upon entering through the glass doors.
I have stayed at The Cosmopolitan twice now: once for my bachelorette party and once to just... party. The hotel is in a prime spot of real estate right in the middle of The Strip and all of the action that comes with it. The hotel itself is beautiful, trendy, and modern. The decor includes chandeliers everywhere, crystals draping all over the place, modern pieces of art, etc. . . Ihave stayed in two different rooms on both sides of The Cosmopolitan, and if you can, I encourage you to get a room that faces the Bellagio fountains/ Paris Hotel/ North Strip. The room that I stayed in most recently was a Terrace room on the 46th floor that had a terrace that was probably 30 feet long facing the Bellagio fountains. I challenge you to find another room in Las Vegas with a better view than we had. . . The rooms are clean, well decorated and rather large, compared to other hotels that I have stayed in. In the terrace suite, our room had a full kitchen, dining room, living room, two bathrooms and a large bedroom. It was a nice feature to have a room with two bathrooms, especially given the fact that we had five girls that all had to shower and get ready. I do caution you with the rooms that have full kitchens; Just because it's a full kitchen, that does not mean that it is equipped with all kitchen gadgets and supplies. We learned that the hard way when we attempted to make taquitos at about 4 a.m. and did not have a baking sheet. (Dont' worry, just throw those babies right on the oven rack and they'll cook up nice and crispy.). . Aside from the rooms and the view, another nice thing about staying at The Cosmopolitan was the club, Marquee, was right downstairs. We planned it out so that our last night in town we would go to Marquee, that way we wouldn't have to walk too far to get back to our room, being that as a girl in Vegas, your feet are completely blistered by the last night. Marquee was a lot of fun. It's a nice, open club that has multiple bars open to avoid long lines. They always have pretty good DJs and from what I hear, Marquee is one of the best clubs in Vegas.
I loved this place. Great room and they upgraded me for free. Food was great and I loved how everyone called me by name. Spa was amazing as well. This is my new Hotel in Las Vegas.
Really awesome hotel.  It's a young hip crowd and the vibe is very young.  The restaurants in this place are awesome too.  STK is great for steak and Estiatorio Milos is awesome Mediterranean food.   The rooms are huge and really well done with cool pictures, nice furniture, and all nice finishes.  This place is a true Vegas experience.
This was my second stay at the Cosmopolitan and this hotel keeps getting better.. . The hotel is beautiful, sexy and modern with great contemporary art throughout the property. Even though it was busy because of the weekend we never had a problem waiting or dealing with crowds. We stayed in a terrace one-bedroom in early October, which is a perfect time to visit Las Vegas - not too hot but plenty of sunshine. This was especially important because I was hellbent on enjoying the pool. The last time we visited LV was early November and the Cosmo pools were closed.. . I booked the trip through an airline vacation website and called a few days before arrival to confirm the reservation. The woman I spoke with made note that we'd be checking in early (10 am, coming straight from the airport) instead of the normal 3 pm check in time. This worked out well - when my group arrived at the hotel our rooms were ready for us and the guy at the check in desk was very nice and accommodating.. . We skipped the Boulevard Pool, which is more of a club atmosphere (and crowded) and headed straight for the Bamboo Pool on the 14th floor of the West Tower. This pool has more a relaxed vibe. The layout is great and when we arrived around 11 am were able to snag a group of recliners. Make sure you get there early, since the Cosmo pools are smaller than other resorts and the recliners go quickly. We basically camped out there for the day and ordered plenty of food and drinks (warning: not cheap). Side note: the shadows of the other hotels surrounding the pool pass over the pool area in the afternoon, but if you wait 20 minutes you'll be back in the sunshine in no time.. . Our room on the 55th floor was fantastic. You can't beat a terrace overlooking the Bellagio fountains, and the bathroom was huge with a Japanese soaking tub looking out over the Strip. If you can spring for a terrace room with a view, go for it.  Not many hotels offer that experience.. . Overall we had a great trip and barely left the hotel. Will definitely return again.
I love this HOTEL!! The view is the best on the strip.. Location is perfect.. Customer service is always great!
This hotel was ridiculously amazing.  We arrived an hour early and they let us check in early.. . Our room was gorgeous, modern, clean, sexy and the deep bathtub overlooking the strip and Bellagio fountain was amazing.  The staff was wonderful, accommodating and polite.. . The valet system, where we could scan our ticket and only had to wait minutes for our vehicle was a very nice touch -- not to mention there were two bottles of water in the cup holder of our rental car.. . I would have to say, the ONLY thing I didn't like about this hotel was the fact there was NO alarm clock in our room and we ordered a wake-up call and it didn't happen.  Thank goodness I set my alarm on my iPhone, or we would have missed our flight.. . Stay here, you will NOT be disappointed.
The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas is one of the most extraordinary hotel experiences I've ever had. Everything is exquisite from the rooms, the views, the food, nightlife, and the staff. Defiantly check out Marque (the night club which throws pool parties during the day). Also try the Wicked Spoon for breakfast, which consists of the most extravagant breakfast buffet I've ever seen! In addition to the great food and atmosphere, the staff is incredibly friendly, kind, and helpful. It's been wonderful staying here and I hope to come back again!
This place is top notch.  We got to Vegas around 11am.  The line to check in was pretty slow, but the person who helped us was very nice.  The room we reserved was not ready yet.  So he asked us if we wanted to upgrade to Belllagio fountain view.  We had to pay more but that's ok we're on vacation.  The room was fabulous.  We didn't want to leave the room.  The view of the dancing fountain of the Bellagio was spectacular.  This place is expensive but we wanted to experience Vegas luxury.
I've just read a review from "Tomas", a purported semi-high roller who complained of service during Memorial Day Weekend. Cannot comment on his situation - since it isn't mine - but I can offer a counterpoint.. . We arrived and checked in at VIP Registration. While my wife grabbed some juices and sodas, I spoke to the clerk who offered a suite with a connector for my 9 year-old son. While he checked on availability, I was offered an array of alcoholic options. Although I declined, it's nice to know that champagne and such were available.. . The collection of rooms was - in a word - huge. To give some perspective, I didn't know we had a third bathroom until we were about to check out on Sunday. Luxurious bedding and pillows, prompt service, and easy to use technology.. . The staff - across the board - are friendly and courteous. We only had two major meals - room service and buffet Saturday night. Total cost for trip? Under $25.. . The location is terrific, by the way. Easy walk to Caesar's in one direction, a short hop to MGM in the other. Who could ask for anything more?
Cosmo is by far my favourite hotel of all!! Sorry, other vegas hotels I've had a slight change of heart. . . Wrap around suite is nice but, the penthouse we stayed in even better. Stayed here with my girlfriends last weekend and absolutely loved it!! Although, the amount of space is bigger than the condo I live in now, I can appreciate the amount of space and the blasting edm and cant forget my love for gangster rap all day and night playing. . The rooms are a good size all 3, with kitchen, dining and living room and enough tvs I won't miss out on any action, not that I watch much tv anyway. . . Location is perfect. Hakasan then back to marquee and crawl back to our rooms. Perfect night huh? . . Thank You for a great time Cosmo! See you Halloween weekend and possibly 30th birthday in 2 months?
I would give the Cosmopolitan 20 stars if I could.  I will never stay anywhere else when I visit Vegas. Seriously, I am so spoiled after our three night stay at this beautiful hotel.  It is also worth mentioning that the location is excellent as it is right next to the Bellagio and Aria so cruising the strip for some shopping is a breeze.
I have got to stay here for new years someday! the cosmo has always been nice to me! the pools are so relaxing and last but not least.... secret pizza! hush. if you don't know...oh well.  dining overall is great! I can walk in and come across someone I know, this place has had good vibes! keep it that way pls!!
Time for a review update.  When I wrote my first review in late 2010, the joint just opened up.  Now, almost 3 yrs later and more than a dozen visits to this joint, I can say that it's my #1 place to visit when I go back to Vegas.  Besides all of the points I've already made in my prior review, here's why:. . + We've dined at several restaurants (Secret Pizza, Holsteins, Comme Ca, STK, Jaleo, Wicked Spoon, The Henry) and all of them are awesome.. . + The Chandelier Bar is our place to meet up friends and colleagues to get our night started.  The 3 level bar is great for meeting groups of people, having drinks, and people watching.  The 1st level is especially good for people watching.. . + Speaking of people watching....park yourself at Bond, like we do and you can watch the shenanigans on the Strip from your comfortable chair/sofa while having drinks and listening to great music.. . + FREE WiFi throughout the property...yes, FREE with no strings attached.. . + Marquee Nightclub is one of my favorite in town.  Their VIP Cabanas are an awesome place to hang out.. . . + The rooms are amazing.  Get one overlooking the Bellagio Fountains, it's one of the most spectacular views in Vegas.. . + The artwork around the property is awesome, there's tons of fun things you will spot if you look carefully enough.. . Overall, this place is simply amazing.  If you've never been, you have to put it on your 'to do' list if you're coming to Vegas.. . Return Factor - 100%
Everything about the Cosmo is GREEEAT. I love the rooms they have, very chic and modern, def. enough space for more than a one bed (2 ppl), i love their huge bath tub. What i loved the most is the open patio with seatings outside. GREAT for ppl who like to smoke - step outside close the door and enjoy the fabulous view. I love it here! . . The restaurants are great too! If you hit up the chinese/mexican restaurant you are DEF. in for a treat. As i was reading the menu i was confused... whether or not i was here for dim sum or tacos? LOL i love both but we def. stuck with the dim sum.. . The staff were very friendly, great customer service (we ordered hot n sour soup and it was full of soy sauce, we tried adding water and lime to it but the taste would not dilute.) The waiter kindly took it off our bill although we suggested to pay for it anyways.
Absolutely gorgeous hotel. Really can't complain about this place, especially since I scored a room for like 50% off using Priceline. . . Favorite things about The Cosmo - fantastic artwork all over the property, super friendly staff, especially housekeeping, and views from the rooms. I definitely recommend Holsteins for burgers and shakes and checking out the Chandelier bar!. . A++!
This place is not just a hotel to stay at but an entire experience.. . I frequent Las Vegas quite a bit and have always left feeling like my trip was missing something. I've stayed at all of the "well known" high-end hotels and for one reason or another they never met my expectations. Well, all of this changed upon walking into the Cosmopolitan for the first time.. . Immediately you are transported into the Cosmopolitan universe as you reach the lobby and stand there in awe of what they pulled off. It's like nothing else you have ever seen. From that point on throughout the rest of my stay I could not find one crack in the veneer of the Cosmopolitan experience.. . The rooms are immaculate, the staff is professional & courteous, and the hotel provides you with everything you would ever need. I realize that the price of a room here may not fit into everyone's budget however if you are looking to truly treat yourself and are headed to Las Vegas - I very strongly encourage you stay here.. . You will not leave disappointed. I can't wait to go back.
Definitely my favorite Casino on the strip. The chandelier bar alone is reason enough to stay here. The rooms are nice with views of the city. It's opulence, dahhhling!
As far as I'm concerned - best place on the strip!!! I fell in love with The Cosmopolitan last year and I vowed I would stay here on my next Vegas trip - unfortunately that didn't happen (thanks friend who reaaalllly wanted to stay elsewhere ... no really thanks) but this won't stop me from reviewing my long lost love. You won't find a sexier, younger, more hip attracting hotel in all of Vegas - period. The enormity of walking through ground level is nothing compared to what you'll find on the remaining levels - a pool on each floor (Boulevard, Marquee and Bamboo), all of which offer something different. Boulevard - gets busy but fairly tame (on weekend nights, they often have one off concerts here - we just so happened to see Robin Thicke and Jason Derulo perform), Marquee - think Mykonos/Ibiza/Agia Napa mixed into one crazy day club, you won't know if you're Arthur or Martha and Bamboo- a quiet alternative for those who need to nurse a major hangover (be sure to order the tuna salad - good grief, as fresh as it can get). As others have mentioned, the secret pizza place is by no means the best pizza you'll have eaten but it's certainly worth a visit any time of the day. Do check out Chandelier Bar. This place holds some incredible memories so whenever I am there, I will sit at the ground floor bar and order a Coconut Ciroc on ice - dear lord what I would do to be there right now. I need to get back.
Oh my goodness, what an amazing weekend we had at the Cosmo! The service was excellent, the suite was absolutely beautiful had the best view, and the vibe topped any other hotel/casino in Vegas. . The restaurants & bars were great. We especially had a blast at the Chandelier lounge on Saturday night, DJ Sklyer and all of the dancers were so fun and entertaining! . Hands down the best casino on the strip. Can't wait to go back!
This is my 2nd time here at this hotel. This the best hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Was here last month for a vacation. Received a email for a complementary visit. We ahead and booked a trip and here I am back again.
Hammer! Eines der besten Hotels die ich je gesehen habe (und ich hab einige 5-Sterne-Schuppen gesehen). Stilvoll, elegant und trotzdem stylisch und schick. Sehr netter Service. Eigentlich muss man gar nicht mehr raus - und wenn man sich die verschiedenen Themen-Hotels am Strip angeschaut hat, mochte man das auch gar nicht mehr. . Dazu kommen tolle Restaurants, wunderschone Pools, und vor allem auch sehr angenehmes Publikum (mag sicher auch daran liegen dass die Preise furs Glucksspiel und Gastronomie hoher sind als anderswo), da fuhlt man sich gleich noch viel wohler. Wenn wieder Vegas, dann wieder Cosmopolitan!
Das Cosmopolitan ist das neueste Hotel auf dem Strip und ich bin restlos begeistert! Nicht die ublichen an einem Motto orientierten Pappkulissen, sondern sehr modern und stylish! Dazu tolle Zimmer, aufmerksames Personal, tolle Restaurants, super Preis-Leistungs-Verhaltnis und eine 1A-Lage auf dem Strip!. . Jedem Las Vegas Reisenden kann ich das Cosmo nur empfehlen!
Awesome interior!
I'm in love. What's not to like at this hotel?! It's classy, beautiful, clean. The rooms are spectacular. Ours had a balcony, huge bathroom with a tub that looks out the window. I even ordered room service, which I'm not sure I have ever done at another hotel before, just because I didn't mind sitting in my luxurious room. I didn't need to go out for breakfast! . The Wicked Spoon Buffet is by far the best buffet around. It's quality not quantity.
I had the best 3 days at Cosmo. I am truly sad to leave. The views, the suite, the service and the chandelier bar are amazing. I would highly recommend staying here.
Vegas is such a different (and sometimes better) place during the week. While I wouldn't have been willing to shell out the big bucks for a suite here on a summer weekend, I was easily able to get a gorgeous room for under $150 during the week. I got the one bedroom, which includes a pretty spectacular deep soaking tub that overlooks the strip, a large balcony, a cozy sleeping room, a HUGE closet/dressing room area, and a full living room. It was a shame I was there by myself! . . From the front desk to the room service staff, service was impeccable, and I just loved the fun yet fancy touches in the suite. I'm not much of a gambler so I can't speak to the casino, but my friends and I have checked out Wicked Spoon buffet and were impressed by the spread.  I also adore Secret Pizza and Henry wasn't bad for breakfast. I was less impressed by Holstein's burgers, but one out of four ain't bad! . . I just love the opulence and over the top decor of the Cosmo, and can't believe how accessible it is price-wise - if only we could just jet off to Vegas and forget our responsibilities any day of the week!
This place is amazing. I spoiled myself by staying here now I'm never gonna wanna stay anywhere else in Vegas. We came to Vegas for a concert at the Cosmo at the boulevard pool. We got a private vip daybed seat. They staff was incredible. Extremely sweet girls, very professional but personable at the same time. As far as our room goes, it was awesome. Really modern, clean, comfortable. The pool area was AMAZING. I just wanna go back right now. I guess if I had one complaint it would be that the lobby is a little chaotic...
Surprised the bf at the time for his birthday with a 4 night stay of the Terrace Suite with Fountain Views of the Bellagio. It cost me a fortune but I think that Cosmopolitan really lived up to my expectations. . . The fountain views were probably the best part of our stay, we could hear the music and the splashing which was somewhat relaxing and a good background soundtrack to our weekend there. As for the interior of the rooms, I think it seemed a bit less than expected with the simple decor and lack of interesting design. To me it just looked like a super nice apartment room. With it's classy, luxurious design of the rest of the hotel, the room just seemed boring with lack of effort, especially considering it was a suite. I guess they wanted there to be a sense of simplicity which did made us feel at home. The japanese style soaking tub was pretty cool, the kitchen area looked brand spankin new, and the bed was also super comfortable. . . I loved the different pool areas there. The one we went to was the Bamboo Pool which had a very chill vibe. I think that one is known for being a soothing environment to kick back at, and our friends and I definitely enjoyed a relaxing afternoon there. . . The crowd at Cosmopolitan seems to be on the younger side and its probably because of Marquee's day/night club and the fact that it is one of the newer casinos/hotels.. . The staff at Cosmopolitan was also very courteous and good to deal with. There were some pretty unfortunate issues that happened on our third night there; however, they were pretty reasonable in regards to handling the situation.. . In any case, try out a night or two at the Cosmopolitan and I guarantee you'll feel right at home.
Cosmo delivered in so many ways. Besides the decor being absolutely spectacular, the service was the best I've experienced in Vegas. Not the 'phony smile because we want a tip' service, but genuinely happy employees that make you feel like the money you spend there is worth it. They have solid rewards program- I think it's 5% of purchases. We got an upgrade and a room with a north view, which means a view of the Bellagio fountain and the mountains. The rooms are contemporary with ultra sleek interior design features. The bathroom is nothing less than perfect- huge jet tub and bench in the rain shower. The beds were comfy but the pillows were too fluffy. That was the only aspect I found to be annoying. Overall, the experience was well above expectations. However, I didn't use the pool. Next time. So when I return to Vegas, I'm heading straight for the Cosmo.
First time at this hotel and my future visits to Las Vegas I will be staying here! Rooms are spacious and super clean. I love that when you enter the hotel from the parking garage you don't have to walk a mile to get to the room. The Bellagio view is completely worth it!! Highly recommended!!!
I'm thoroughly impressed with every aspect of our stay in the cosmopolitan.  I'm just going to write my pros and cons and hope I don't miss a thing. . Pros: . . location, our view of the bellagio fountains and down the strip were amazing. The convenience of being right in the heart of it all is awesome. . . Posh atmosphere: the beauty of the entire hotel is breathtaking. Everywhere you turn mod elements greet you. The rooms are beautiful and extremely comfortable. Every hotel in Vegas has a smell. If you've been in a casino you know what I mean. As soon as you walk into one it smacks you in the face. (Think coconut infused embalming fluid) thankfully the cosmopolitan has a pleasant fresh smell and isn't like many of the other casinos. . . Restaurants: from an awesome buffet -"wicked spoon", Mexican/Chinese fusion -"chinapoblano", burgers and shakes- "Holsteins", a secret pizza place on the 3rd floor and many more places I didn't have time to try. Everything was really tasty and very easy to access. . . Easy maneuvering: unlike other casinos the cosmopolitan is so easy to find your way around. While still large, everything is very straight forward. The valet entrance, the front entrance, the elevators and the shops and walkway bridge. We were so thankful we didn't feel like we were all turned around and lost. This also seems to keep the traffic flowing smoothly keeping the crowds from clogging up pathways. . . Cons: I don't have any that I can think of. Everything was wonderful.
I've stayed here so many times, I've actually lost count. Most of the stays have been comped, too. I appreciate the slot host, although he doesnt seem to like to be bothered all that much. I absolutely love the atmosphere. It's great to go a few times a year and stay there but I'm getting worn out with the crowd. It never changes...its always the good looking people. I've been around them a long time, so I would like to see an old school crowd in there. Not necessarily age wise, but people who arent so shallow and who might be a bit of a throwback. . . The hotel itself it amazing. I've been in a couple of rooms that had problems here and there and I get it, you have a shit load of rooms and not ever missing blind is reported. All in all, I've had pretty great experiences here and I definintely recommend it. However, I dont recommend kids here, especially on weekend evenings. People are there for Marquee, seeing your kid is kind of a buzzkill for them.
It's been two years since we stayed there last time, still love this beautiful, chic and comfy hotel with lots of fun arts! Some dramas this time, but it all turned out to be pleasant and happy endings.. . We booked Terrace suite for 4 nights, I figured since it was cool, we weren't really gonna sit on terrace much, so no need for wraparound terrace suite. The bathroom photo on the hotel website looked nice too, open tub facing windows. Got up to our suite, it was much smaller than wraparound terrace, still one bedroom with terrace facing Bellagio lake and strip, views were amazing. Hubby got me surprise flowers, they were beautiful, everything was looking good until I went to the bathroom, that was when I freaked out! The bathroom was not facing windows, the tub was not an open tub, it has 3 walls around it! It's claustrophobic! I can't take a bath in there?! After we had our luggages delivered to our suite, we went down to look for someone to deal with this matter.The lobby manager ( I think ) Angelo saw us, greeted us and asked if we needed any help, hubby told him the suite was not what we expected, we wanted to change to another suite. He responded very friendly, and started to look into getting us another suite, but it was a long weekend, all rooms were booked, he told us to look for him the next day, he would happily take care of this matter for us. Ok... I could stay there for one night I guess.... But NO more! . . Hubby got a phone call in the morning the next day, it was Angelo, he told us he had made arrangement to change our suite to wraparound terrace, we could start to pack, and bell service would come up to pick our luggages to deliver to our new suite! Aww!!!! I was so happy! How efficient of him taking care of our issues, very very professional! We went down to thank him, he was happy that I was finally satisfied with our new suite. It was one of the nicest suites on west side tower, wraparound terrace facing the entire Bellagio, fountains, lake and strip! Beautiful! The open tub was right in the middle of the bathroom, I took a few bubble bath each day! Soooo relaxing. And thanks a million times to Angelo! He remembered to take care of our request, and made sure everything was fine with us, great Job! . . Another little drama, after we checked out, I left my Criss Angel bunny in our suite, had to run back to get it, a house keeper kept it in her cleaning cart, and gave it back to me, she didn't even want our tips for appreciation, how sweet! All the staffs were very very friendly, service was as good as Mandarin Oriental! Just the hotel is not as over the top luxury as Mandarin, but it's a more affordable luxury hotel for longer days stay. Wraparound Terrace suite cost $550 ish average per night for a long weekend, the same rate as a studio suite at Mandarin Oriental, so it's much better deal to stay at the cosmopolitan for longer days. They have nightly resort fee for $25 per room.  . . There are some very good restaurants in this hotel, we have tried most of them, except the wicked spoon buffet and that pizza place, seriously where is that pizza place? I never found it?  Comme ca French cuisine is my favorite, Jaleo Spanish tapas, STK steak house, Holsteins for burgers, The Henry opens 24 hours, and 2 Italian restaurants, a Greek cuisine, Chinese and Japanese restaurant, pretty much everything for everybody. . . Two bar and lounge areas located on west and east side corners, Vesper and the Bond bar, very tasty drinks at reasonable prices, $13-16. Chandelier bar in the middle, Marguee nightclub on second floor, No cover for hotel guests on Thursdays, or before10 on fridays and saturdays. Two bridges to city center, Aria, Planet Hollywood and the strip. Very convenient location, even though we didn't drive, still could walk short distances to lots of places. Most restaurants and shops are on second and third floors. . . The Cosmopolitan is still one of my favorite hotels in Vegas! . . Ps. Love their indoor valet, perfect temperatures in winter and summer! Check out the cool statues and arts on third floor convention center area! So beautiful!
Great hotel in the middle of the strip just south of Bellagio.  Been here a couple of times and get the terrace one bedroom with the deep Japanese  tub.  These rooms overlook the Bellagio fountain with spectacular view, higher is better and get the west wing of the hotel as the bamboo pool access is your same elevator.  We were on the 59th floor and loved the view.   The bamboo pool is relaxing and don't miss using the. pool and relax.. . On check-in they say you'll get a text message when room is assigned.  I never got the message so don't plan on it and check on room if you don't get message by 4pm.  An issue is room cleaning isn't predictable (when or if) and one day we had to call to have room serviced.  Also, be careful to keep a good record ofthe minibar as I found you can get charged easily by moving around stuff in the fridge and what you had isn't itemized specifically in the bill.. . You've got easy access to rest of the strip as there's plenty of food and gambling choices just footsteps away.  We use the RTC (bus) with a stop just outside as it makes it so easy to get to other hotels and sites on the strip.
Super swanky!. The crystal bar is really beautiful.. The parking garage is fantastic, with green lights above open parking spaces, red light over taken spaces and blue lights to find the handicapped spaces, pretty cool!. Sparkle, sparkle every where! Ooohhh Ahhhhh Ooohhhh!. You better bring your Black AmEx card, no joke, 2 cocktails and 1 beer $35 smackers!. The art o' matic vending machines (old cigarette machines, cool and funky way to re purpose) little pieces of art, love that!. Restaurants here are top notch.. Shopping, don'tget me started.. AMAZING..
My go to spot in Vegas! Comped rooms and great atmosphere. Marquee night club is right downstairs, as is the casino! Great destination for any event or even a weekend away.. The rooms are clean and spacious and the people are a younger crowd than the other hotels! Def the spot to be. Free entrance to Marquee night club if your staying in the Cosmopolitan..
Went for a girls weekend two years ago. We stayed at the Bellagio but had dinner here and then went to the Marquee. It was a wonderful time. There were mermaids at the Marquee which was incredible and made me want to change my career path. All of the women I was with were happy and would come back!
By far the best hotel casino in Vegas. We had a blast there. Fun crowd, good looking people, great bars and restaurant and awesome club!. The room were really nice and the staff was always very polite and helpful. I will definitely stay at the Cosmo again!
Lets start of to say this is the best casino in vegas period.. . I visit every few months, i get really amazing deals at this casino hands down, . . I got a 600$ free play 200$ dining credit and 4 nights complimentery plus two free bruno mars tickets at the chelsea grand opening for new years eve partyyyytt. . Now as far as the casino amazing wrap around suites, terrace suite is also well designed with asian tubs romantic balcony with the best view of the strip looking at the bellagio fountain show. Michelle Paladino is the best Vip casino host i ever had, she is always super coo and knows how to treat her guests. Lastly, this casino always just makes me feel at home with their hi end designs and amazing customers service not to menthion how fun the roulette tables are.. Thanks lots see you at new Yeara eve
If money is no object, then I HIGHLY suggest you  give Daniel a try at the Chandelier Bar.  I mean, don't you HAVE to have a cosmo in the Cosmo?  It was TOTALLY different but the same...then on a whim he whipped me up a martini that encompassed lemon/egg white and rosemary.  Yipes!  What a magician.  It was like having a drink made by the Martha Stewart's of bartenders.  Brava!
This place rocks! Went here for my brothers bachelor party.. and it was amazing.. Our hotel room friday night was late being prepared (like really late, like 6 hours) and Angelo the manager  hooked us up something fierce.. gave us free drinks at the bar for all my friends until we couldnt drink anymore and then comp'd us $300 for any restaurant we wanted to eat at. Could not have asked for anymore... Cosmo and team.. keep us the good work.. We got a wrap around suite with the best view I have ever seen in vegas.. overlooking the marque.. which we partied at later.. I promise I will go there again every time I go to vegas.
This place is the business.   I spent the weekend here and enjoyed every part of it.   This has to be the nicest place to stay in Vegas.    Its awesome.
This hotel was beyond spacious for my boyfriend and I. You'll definitely get your moneys worth here. It's beautiful with everything you need right in the room and hotel. The casino was nice, club is extremely fun and restaurants were delicious. Highly recommend you experience staying in this hotel if you ever travel to Las Vegas!
I've stayed at this place quite a few times and have yet to find anything wrong with this beautifully crafted hotel. I honestly couldn't be paid to stay anywhere else.  If you're looking for a VIP kind of weekend, this is the place to stay, hands down. The amenities are to die for, the service is first rate, and the rooms are super luxurious and swanky. I ended up staying here for EDC 2013 weekend and stayed in on of the wrap around terraces. Hands down the nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in in my entire life. The Cosmo only has a handful of these rooms and trust me, they are worth every penny. . . I can't wait till the hot weather returns to Vegas so I can head back to this glorious establishment.
I found a new home in Vegas and it's the Cosmo hotel. I will never stay anywhere else (unless I get a room comped of course!) when I come to Sin City. . . I've  been to the nightclub Marquee twice before and tried Wicked Spoon but never have stayed at the hotel. Luckily for me, I got a really good deal and stayed here over my bday weekend. I would have to say that this hotel hands down was the highlight of my weekend.. . Being that the Cosmo hotel is catered toward women with it's sexy deep red colors, pristine (non-smoky smelling) hotel lobby and casino, it was already a win for me. However, what put it over the top was the phenomenal customer service from the check in process to room service. I definitely felt like the staff went above and beyond with their friendly attitudes and positive vibes. The room itself was outstanding - a class above the Encore & Wynne.. . My room overlooked the Bellagio fountain and I had a perfect view of the strip. At night, it was breathtaking to see the city with all the lights and colors. The room itself was very spacious and the L shaped couch was almost as comfy as the one at home (which is saying a LOT!) I loved how there were 2 TVs in the suite (one facing the bed and one in in the "living room." The bed was insanely comfortable and the pillows felt like clouds. I haven't slept in a hotel bed this comfy since my stay at the Maui Ritz Carlton. The bathroom was gigantic with a jacuzzi tub, shower with a bench and dual sinks. I really liked how the toilet was lower to the ground (I have shorter legs, yo!). I never heard one peep from my neighbors to the side or above me which means that the rooms are very well insulated.. . In a nutshell, I love this hotel and will stay here from now on. I had nothing but a perfect experience here and don't want to stay anywhere else!. . Cosmo, you have fully won my heart!
We stayed here this weekend. Our room was amazing and overlooked the Ballagio fountains. Guest services, the doormen and housekeeping were incredible. We really enjoyed ourselves. The only downside was that the bartender at the sports bar on level one made our Bloody Mary's pretty weak, when you are paying $16 for a drink it should be a drink to remember. Otherwise - best trip ever!
The Cosmo is one of our new favorite Casinos to stay at while visiting sin city!  They are really confidently located in the center of the strip, so they are close to everything!  They have decent gaming areas and very friendly dealers.  Their rooms are sublime, very cozy and comfy.  They are very spacious with great views.   They have an excellent spa, so my bride tells me :-) They also have loads of super duper places to eat/drink!   Some of our very favorite restaurants in Vegas are in the Cosmo!   Just yelp places to eat on the strip and you'll find most of the restaurants in the Cosmo with high Yelper ratings.  . . Kid friendly, nope but that's what a sitter/nanny is for!  This is a perfect place for a couple to indulge themselves in some fun and frolic!   I'm looking forward to my next trip to the Cosmopolitan!  I hope to see you at the tables!
Outstanding, our stay at this luxury hotel  was exceptional.  Check in was quick and easy, front desk personal were friendly.  We were invited guests for 2 nights.  I had always wanted to stay at the Cosmopolitan but the rates were a bit out of my budget.  Checking the price of our room at the website, if we had to pay, was $450 nightly.  Stayed 2 nights on the 36th floor.  The room was beautiful complete with balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountians.
My favorite Las Vegas Hotel. I've stayed pretty much everywhere and this is my favorite. (MGM, Mandalay, Wynn, Venitian, Palazzo, Bellagio, Encore...) THis is just a little bit more modern and the lines here aren't crazy. Every room is a sweet with some sort of living room and the bathrooms are all large. I believe this was orginally supposed to be condos so the rooms are bigger than most. Can't go wrong staying here!
Heaven is close in a place like this.. . The paradise, the heaven: the best hotel in Las Vegas without any doubt.. . Thanks to a really kind bellman I had the opportunity during my last trip to have a little tour of the pool and to take a lot of photos of the wonderfull skyline of Vegas.. . Inside the Cosmopolitan there are a lot of gigs of super cool bands like The Killers or Brandon Flowers and I even won 36 dollars @ the slot machines (with 1 dollar!).. . I really love that place and I will surely stay there in my next trip to Vegas!
Nice looking condo turned hotel, indeed. When you're walking inside from the strip, it just screams money with young professionals wearing hip and trendy clothing.. . One thing I like about this condo designed hotel are the rooms that have terraces and not every hotel has them except for MGM Signature and the suite in the Riviera. After signing up for their Identity Player's card and doing some rounds with the slots, a few months later, I received a 2 night comp for a, "Terrace Studio." I couldn't let this offer fly by so I booked it as soon as possible. The reservation agent was very friendly and use to actually live in my hometown (Rancho Cucamonga). So that was surprising and we talked about what the Cosmopolitan had to offer and the Marquee nightclub. . . Once I arrived at the Cosmopolitan, I usually self park my car and was able to find parking close to the elevator. What pissed me off, was walking from the Eastside of the Cosmopolitan to the lobby (Westside), and was a bit of a walk through the casino to the eye pleasing lobby. My front desk agent was very friendly and I asked him for a good view if the strip, but that was considered a $30+ upgrade. So he searched all over and found me a room on the 39th floor in the Eastside Tower, facing Planet Hollywood! The view was incomparable, out of all the room views I had in Vegas (Bellagio, Mirage, Wynn), I never wanted to leave! . . My 620 sq ft Studio Terrace room was very clean, fully stocked, and didn't find any surprises around the room or furniture. My King Bed was soft as a cloud, living room was very trendy and artsy, bathroom was oddly designed and was about the same size as the bedroom. The shower was huge, big enough to fit 3 people and they only offered Bigelow toiletries for men, non for women.  . . The casino and bars was full of young professionals, model looking clientele that look like they just left a photo shoot! Other then the clientele, my eyes were attracted to the aesthetic beauty of the Cosmopolitan with Ohh's and Ahh's. I just wished they sold condos here like they do at the Vdara. . . I'd definitely come back if I receive a deep discounted or comp offer. Whenever I'm in Vegas, the Cosmopolitan will always be on list to relax for a drink or people watch. . . Viva Cosmopolitan!
This casino hotel has the best parking structure in all of Vegas! There's lights that will direct you to open stalls! I have yet to stay here, but so far it is my favorite casino to visit on the Strip. Everything is so cool here and they have one of the best buffet here in Vegas, The Wicked Spoon. The also have a restaurant with some of the best burgers, Holstein's.
Staid in very nice one bedroom on 56th floor . The views are incredible, service second to none . Will come back again
stayed from friday to sunday..had the wraparound terrace suite on the 23rd floor and it was the best room ive had in vegas.  Ive stayed at other suite.. luxor, mgm and this definitely topped them all..free valet service as well..
Who doesn't love a sleek clean casino? This casino is obviously targeting the rich 20/30 something crowd. It's not very family friendly and it seems like the clientele are sometimes a little superficial (is that the latest Prada bag?), but I love the inside which is full of light and color. I just wish the visitors weren't so pretentious. . Oh and they have retro cigarette type vending machines full of small time artists. I love supporting the arts and many of the artists are local :)
When it comes to hotels on the strip, I think we can all agree that Cosmo is definitely one of the best ones to stay in.. . I luckily got to stay here twice on two different occasions and both times were the BEST! Depending on what time and day you're checking in, you can snag yourself a room with the best view you can have staying on the Vegas strip.. . Not only is Cosmo visually appealing on the outside, but inside is a whole another story. From the Chandelier bar to Marquee, you can totally tell that Cosmo definitely has some of the best decor. . . I always have a great time whenever I'm at Cosmo. They have great restaurants from burgers from Holsteins to steak from STK, or even dim sum from China Poblano or even pizza from Secret Pizza! They have a wide variety of eateries to choose from. If you can't decide on what to eat, just go to Wicked Spoon buffet and you can have a little bit of everything! . . The casino is not as big as others I've seen on the strip but is a decent size to play in. It's always packed with people and fun to play in.. . The best thing about Cosmo is definitely the ROOMS! Each room has a balcony and every view is a good view. You can either have the strip view, Aria view, Vdara view, or the best Bellagio (fountains) view. Luckily, I've been situated with fountain viewsand strip views! . . Overall, Cosmo has been my absolute favorite hotel to stay at out of all the hotels on the Vegas strip. I can't wait to come back!
I really loved staying here. My friends got a suite and invited a bunch of us out.It's so modern and chic. I loved that the main demographic of the place were young adults and not a bunch of little kids running around. The location is perfect, since it's right in the middle of the strip and walking distance to pretty much everything. I love the chandelier bar in the middle of the hotel... really ads a nice ambiance to the space. Can't wait to come back here.
I really do like this hotel. . . We stayed in the city room (cheapest), but it was still a very nice room, very modern.. . Their amenities in the room were uptodate and very fashionable. . . One side of their shower is actually glass, kinky almost. But who knows, maybe some people like to watch the tv while showering or look out into the strip?. . We stayed for 3 nights and the beds were just so comfortable, made me never want to get up. HAha. . We also ordered room service one night for their skirt steak quesadilla and crab, spinach, artichoke dip. Both were delicious!! I was surprised at how tasty the dishes were. . . Cosmo alsohas a player's club called "identity". You can collect points everywhere you spend at the cosmo, and you can redeem points for food or your next stay. We ended up saving almost $10 at the buffet because of spendings and gambling. Instant savings for our trip, not bad at all.. . Overall, I think it's a great hotel. We may want to try out other hotels on the strip on our next vegas trip, but this one will definitely be on rotation.
One of the best Hotels in Vegas w/many conveniences.
"Oooohhh those legs are sooo prettayyyy" Yeah, that was me watching the kaleidoscopic video of legs that the hotel keeps playing on the pillars in the lobby. . Cosmopolitan is quite elegant - lots of chandeliers and sparkly things. We had a bit of a problem trying to check in. The first lady helping us wasn't the nicest, but I guess that's alright because it was December 28 and a gazillion people were checking in to stay at Vegas. Meh. The third lady helping us was super nice - explained everything and made the process super easy and quick. . I like how they have security making sure that you are a hotel guest before walking into the elevators. I love how Wicked Spoon and Marquee are in the Cosmopolitan!! Yeay! Those 2 things make this hotel The Place to be in. . Imagine this. After a night of partying at Marquee, all you need to do is walk towards the elevator in your stupidly painful high heels, go to bed and wake up at 1pm the next day to go for brunch at Wicked Spoon. All in the hotel! Winning!
Loved the wrap around suite! We had a few friends up for a birthday party and it was perfect. The view was awesome. Cosmopolitan is one of my top 5 favorites now.
