I love, love, love this place for some tapas and sangria. Four of us went and split the tapas and a pitcher of the cinnamon-spiced sangria and had a fabulous time. The dates stuffed with almonds, wrapped in bacon and deep-fried are life-changing.
I've been here a few times and every time the food is amazing.. . Not a cheap place to eat; but the food is soooo good. I've never tried the Sangria (and neither have my dining companions) so I can't speak to that.. . We ordered Octopus, White Ceviche, Steamed Mussels, Spanish Chicken Croquettes, and 3 other plates. We shared the Churros with spicy chocolate for dessert; I really don't like chocolate but I loved their spicy chocolate.
I LOVE this restaurant.  Small plates, masterfully done, superb service without being pretentious.  I've eaten here a few times, the first time for a quick lunch - my husband ordered a Spanish Tortilla and after one bite (and ordering another) we vowed to return.. . Came for dinner and for some WEIRD reason my husband let me order the wine - the sommelier was great, I gave her my budget, the type of wine I was looking for and she gave me 3 suggestions, the wine I picked was awesome!  I actually am trying to find some locally!  . . Started with the pork belly and micro mozzarella - it was delicious. Shared the Paella with Lobster, Chicken, Chorizo, Vegetables & Saffron Rice - perfect to share.  Great combo of flavors and surprisingly none of them got lost.  Had to try the Spanish tortilla - so simple and delicious.  . . I will always try to stop in here when I'm in Vegas, you can grab a quick bite at the bar or sit down and enjoy dinner.  I look forward to trying more items on the menu.
I am in love with this place!!  Not only do tapas and sangria melt my heart but this place was amazing.  Every small plate we had was delicious and the sangria was intensely good.  Some of my favorites were the meat plate, cheese plate, french fries with the chorizo and egg, and the spinach.  Each plate was soo good and the service was great.  I will be making this a Vegas favorite for all my trips back!
We got in to Aria late and decided to have a light dinner.  Everything was great, service, food, decor.  Husband and I had 5 dishes between us and everyone was great.  Our waiter helpful and friendly and the support staff equally so.
At Julian Serrano, my wife and I had the single best dining adventure that I've ever had in Las Vegas.  While it may not have been the culinary apogee (that distinction actually goes to Picasso which is of course Julian Serrano's other restaurant located in the Bellagio), the food here was nevertheless absolutely amazing and the service was absolutely the best I've had in Las Vegas.   While it was my Birthday lunch which might cloud my vision a little, our waiter and the whole staff truly made my meal here one I shall remember fondly until the end of my days.. . My wife and I walked in last Friday ataround noon.   While we had no reservation, the staff greeted us kindly nevertheless and sat us near a TV, as I was following the Villanova - George Mason NCAA basketball game.  Our waiter approached us immediately and suggested we try the sangria.  It being my Birthday, I happily obliged him and I had in fact 3 of them by the time the meal was done.   Let me tell you right now the drink was crisp and very tasty and left absolutely no headache later on (something Sangria is typically notorious for in that regard). . As far as food is concerned, we started out with the Spanish Charcuterie Platter, Fried Calamari, White Ceviche and Crispy Pancetta Iberica.   Of those 4 dishes, the Fried Calamari came out on top, followed by the White Ceviche.   The Charcuterie platter was delightful too, while I must say we were not blown away by the Pork Belly (Pancetta) dish.. . We followed up these dishes with 3 more tapas:  Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, the spanish chicken croquetas, and the Flat Iron Steak.   The first 2 were absolutely divine.   The third one was just so-so.. . By that point, both my wife and I were absolutely stuffed.   Still, the waiter would not relent on us getting dessert, especially after he heard my wife was a Pastry Chef and it was my Birthday.   We nevertheless declined dessert, being completely full at that point.   Still, the waiter brought us a Crema Catalana on the house.   Since the dish was there, we had to eat it and indeed it was one of the best Creme Brulees (my wife's expected, of course) that I've ever had.   The dessert is served with a pineapple sorbet which is so clean and beautiful that it tastes like you are biting into an icy wedge of Hawaiian Pineapple.. . Simply amazing dining experience.   The moment we were out of the restaurant, I tweeted to all the people who were attending the same conference I was that if they had no dinner plans, they should absolutely check out Julian Serrano.   I don't know if they took my advice, but this is a great restaurant and I plan on coming back here many times!
Top notch modern Spanish tapas served in a very cool, contemporary setting.. . The food combines the traditional flavors with just the right amount of modern, molecular gastronomy to keep it cool and fresh.  After several visits, these are my favorites:. . Ceviches.  Excellent.  Both (white fish and mixed seafood that adds shrimp and octopus) are near perfect.  The seafood is extremely fresh, peppers and onions still retain their crunch, and the lime juice adds a bright finish without being overpowering.. . Angulas (baby eels).  The slight brininess of the eels blends perfectly with the garlic and chili oil that they are served in.  If hundreds of eyes looking up at your from your fork is a problem, skip this dish.. . Incredible ham.  The serano is good but the imported pata negra is much better.  A real treat although I would prefer that no sauces or accompaniments be served with it.  Why mask a good thing?. . Paellas.  How can you not love chicken, rabbit, and chorizo rice or calamari, shrimp, mussels and monkfish.  All the proteins are cooked perfectly and deeply flavor the saffron rice.  Plan ahead if you want to enjoy the paellas.  They all take about 30 minutes to prepare.. . Service is excellent.. . The wine list is extensive with a lot of choices from Spain which pair nicely with the food.  Prices are fair by Vegas standards.
This place fits the atmosphere. Anyone rating anything lower must be a Tapas fanatic. Anyways, every order was great. If your going to hit any club after this is the type of place that won't give you the food coma. You can't go wrong with any thing you choose here i think. Like what i said about the atmosphere, i feel the same about price. If your going to worry abour price, then maybe hit up the cafe, not in aria, somewhere else. Price is going to be high, but what can you expect. . . Ever saw that movie "get him to the greek" and remember what Ditty said about vegas? well yeah, if you know it, then accept it and enjoy the ride. . . But yeah, this place is what it is. Enjoy the food, cause not only are you in vegas, but the quality fits the price. The pork belly was to die for. The seafood dishes i had were perfect with spice. Finally the only regret i had was i didn't take pictures cause presentation was the best. Coming back for sure.
"mmmm!" i LOVE tapas and this place is awesome! I especially adore the atmosphere, not too fancy fancy, but not too casual either; just perfectly sweet.  I went here for dinner to celebrate one of my best friend's 30th birthday.  It's definitely fun to share a pitcher of sangria while sharing a bunch of yummy small plates.. . Here's what we ordered; well the only ones I remember since I Yelped a couple weeks too late.  But if I remembered them, they're good!. . - Lobster Salad: a small serving but worth every bite!  We all loved it!. -Tuna Cones: I love  tuna and I love avocado.  The cucumber makes this plate taste really fresh.  This dish is delish!. -Salmon Truffle: This dish was my most favorite.  I love truffle; the taste of mushrooms paired with Salmon in this plate is a perfect match.  It's like luxury in your mouth; mouth watering - GOOD!. -Cheese platter: everything on this plate is yum if you love cheese like me and my girls do. . I think this place is great if you're unsure of what to eat because you have a variety on the menu to choose from and it's always fun having a lot of things to share; either with friends, or your significant other.  Tapas is always fun to eat!
AMAZING lunch here!  We had Brava Potatoes (with a tomato sauce and aioli), Gambas (shrimp in garlic butter and chilis), chorizo with garlic mashed potatoes, serrano ham, and chicken chirondon (served with a tomato sauce and fresh rosemary sprig).  I had a white sangria, my husband had a delicious Pinot, and our daughter had a virgin sangria - all really good.    The most innovative tapa was the lobster & "molecular" pineapple skewers - yummy.  Dessert was to die for:  I had churros with a spicy hot chocolate dipping sauce, and our daughter had a molten chocolate orange cake.  The presentation was beautiful, and the service was attentive. . . We've had tapas in Toronto, Boston, Mission Viejo, CA and Mojacar, Spain, and this is ranks up there with the best. . . An added plus: make sure you use the restroom for Spanish lessons while you do whatever you're doing in there (the Men's, I'm told, has a racier bent).
Best place we ate at in Las Vegas.  The food was amazing.  The service was terrific.  We had an issue with one of our tapas being late to the table, without any prompting, the waiter removed it from the bill.    Ever single dish was outstanding!
One of the best Topas resturants there! Great atmosphere inside the city center. A must have is the Paella! But I do not think I have had anything there that I didnt like!
GREAT lunch at Julian Serrano..me and my fiancee's last meal before leaving LV. Every single thing we put into our gaping maws we loved......lobster gazpacho, goat cheese-stuffed piquillo peppers, fried potatos with chorizo and fried eggs, seafood-saffron rice, bread with tomato and machego cheese, tuna/raspberry skewers, lobster/pineapple skewers....I definetily want to come back for dinner when they have a more extensive menu. The pitcher of sangria we got was $$$$ at 44 bucks, but it was huuuuugge. Service was very good and our server made good recommendations.
We recently celebrated a 40th birthday with 18 friends for dinner at Julian Serrano.  Everyone loved the food, Sangria, and the service.  We couldn't have been happier, and we'd highly recommend this restaurant for a similar event.
My first night back in Vegas, we decided to grab a quick bite and were not disappointed. I love food, with a passion. I consider myself well versed in most countries offerings,  but Spanish tapas are still an unknown territory for me. I'll eat anything delicious and left the ordering to my more experienced dinner date.. . Baby eels, yes, baby eels. I love baby eels now. Tender, juicy, full of flavor. Wish I could get some baby eels right now. . . Yes the plates are small, but that's the beauty of tapas. You order several plates and share. The chefs did a great good of bringing out the natural flavors in all our choices and the champagne pairing we chose with the help of our knowledgeable waiter made it a perfect meal to start out our stay at Aria. . . A table close by ordered the Lobster Paella, that is NOT a small plate. And it smelled AMAZING! I will be be back!
I came here just a few weeks ago with my best friend and her family, and we were stayed at Aria. When she said we were eating at a tapas restaurant, I wasn't that excited because I had never really tried anything like it, and it didn't sound appetizing. . . Boy was I wrong! Although plates weren't main course-sized, the tastes weren't anything short of spectacular. We ordered so much food I thought they would never stop bringing out plates! Ahi tuna tempura, tuna-raspberry skewer, crispy pancetta iberica, tuna cones, fried calamari, salmon with truffle, creamy risotto....we ordered it all! . . Everything was so delicious and fresh with flavor. The portions turned out to be just right so you could try a little bit of everything and I admit I got two plates of the risotto! The service was impeccable, with waiters left and right, always ready to re-fill your glasses, clear your plates and bring you more dishes. It is a little pricey and I won't mention what our bill total came to, but I definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone!!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  . I make sure I stop here at least once with every visit.. Favorites:. Ahi Tuna Tempura--    I'm not a big fan of Tempura, but this is off the charts. Finely breaded, then like a sheet of paper... pure excellence.. Tuna-Rasberry Skewer-  what amazing combination of flavors- pops in your mouth--  muah!!. Ceviches--all of them are amazing--   same level as "La Mar".. Fresh Calamari a la Plancha--  so fresh!. Brava Potatoes--classic Spanish appetizer-  watch out-  you'll want to eat the entire bowl. . Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak--  this is  so good!. So, next time you're in Vegas--go to the Aria Hotel and check out Julian Serrano-- you won't be disapointed.. Oh yeah,  try the drunken cherry drink--   amazing!!
What I had:. . * Spanish Tortilla (potatoes | eggs | onion). * Brava Potatoes (spicy tomato | alioli sauce). * Paella Valenciana (chicken | rabbit | spanish pork chorizo | vegetables | saffron rice). . What better place for Tapas than Julian Serrano...Bummer....No Julian Serrano here in CA...Me and my friend loved this place...Everything was great, service, promptness, quality of food.... . Paella Valenciana: I haven't had rabbit for a long time and the texture of the meat was cooked to perfection.... . The Spanish Tortilla: though it sounds pretty simple is the perfect timing to cook its 3 ingredients, the result an amazing product.... . Brava Potatoes: Out of this world.... . I did not have dessert since I was pretty full, but I bet you it was going to be as awesome as the food.... . Looking forward to go back to Vegas...
I really wanted to eat at Sage again (my favorite restaurant in Vegas) but found out there were closed on Sundays.  Luckily, Julian Serrano is just a couple steps away.   I love Julian Serrano.  I never thought I would say that, especially because I wasn't too impressed by his other restaurant, Picasso at the Bellagio. . . I have dined here a handful of times and I've enjoyed every meal here.  I think my boyfriend and I have almost ordered every item on the menu.  You can't go wrong with any of the tapas.  They're all tasty and delicious.   . . I love the lobster gazpacho.  Its so refreshing and the lobster is cooked perfectly.  The seared scallop with romesco sauce is to die for.  I eat this dish all by myself.  The scallop just melts in your mouth.  But my favorite tapa has to be the albondigas (beef and pork meatballs).  I could eat that for breakfast, lunch, and dinner- its that good.  I don't think I could ever get tired of eating that.  The paellas are also very delicious and filling.  Like I said, you can't go wrong with any dish here.  Come with a large group so you can try it all.  Oh, and the pitchers of sangria aren't bad either.
My parents go to Vegas all the time and have been raving about Julian Serrano for months. If I trust anyone's opinion about good food, it's my theirs, so I decided to give it a try. . . Oh. My. Gosh. This place is amazing.. . We arrived for our reservation at 9 and were promptly greeted and seated in the beautiful dining room. The lighting was perfect, and it felt open and airy yet cozy and comfortable. And the chairs were so comfortable - I could have stayed there all night.. . Anyway. Onto the food. I'm a huge fan of tapas in general. I think it's so nice to be able to order several small plates and have a taste of them all. It feels relaxed and comfortable to share food with friends and family and get to ooh and ahh over the same stuff. Plus, there's no awkward lingering jealousy when someone gets a perfectly cooked steak and you just ordered overcooked chicken. Not that anything was overcooked at Julian Serrano. Quite the contrary. Everything was cooked to perfection.. . Here's what we had - complete with letter grades:. . Seared Scallops and Romesco Sauce: A+. The scallops were to die for. Melted in my mouth. They were naturally sweet and paired brilliantly with the romesco sauce. Probably the best scallops I've had - and I eat a lot of scallops. I can never turn down scallops.. . Pork Belly, Petit Pois Puree and Molecular Mozzarella: A. Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned. The cold pea soup offered nice contrast. (I hate saying things like that.). . Duck Leg, Orange Sauce and Fresh Orange: A. I sound like a broken record, but perfectly cooked and seasoned. Delicious.. . Wild Mushroom Risotto, Manchego Cheese and Natural Jus A-. Creamy and flavorful. I scraped the plate shamelessly.. . Mini Spanish Pork Chorizos, Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Garlic Sauce: B+. These were great and had they not been served on the same table as the pork, duck and scallops I'd probably remember them more clearly. . . I think we also had black rice, but I didn't care for it too much (FYI - it was my dad's favorite, so don't not order it on my account!). . I also had the sangria - they add brandy to theirs so it has a great depth to it. I'm no sangria expert, but I'd order theirs anytime.
Mmm. Firefly to the tenth power. Food came out bangin'. To begin we ordered the stuffed dates, some of the lightly breaded calamari, pan y manchego cheese, paella and I believe braised mussels. Definitely one of the best food experiences I've had since moving here. Paella was delicious. It came out hot, with a lobster claw and a ginormous prawn for the "Mixed Paella" that was nice and tender. Service was on point -- filling our water when needed, divvying our paella, providing us with some bread when we needed to sop up some mussel juice even. Service wasn't too obtrusive and dispite being a little secluded in the back corner (it was by choice as I wanted for me and the date to have a little privacy) came by frequently enough to check up on us when needed. . . Oh and all that seafood paired with the light, crisp white wine sangria just made my mouth melt. I wanted a pitcher. But watch out tho' folks, just like any well prepared, crazy yummy, addictive sangria, this one is acreeper drink. Talk about the perfect libation to cool off that stifling Los Wages heat. Definitely enough to get that party started.. When it was all said and done we were so full we passed up dessert.. . One *very* minor knock though is the restaurant's casual ambiance. While I knew it was a fairly laid back spot with it's open air setting I expected at least a few secluded areas with more private dining where I didn't have to hear the adjacent table's conversation.. or visa versa. But so what, it may not be an incredibly romantic spot but the great food, white wine sangria and service left me wanting to come back for more, date in tow or not.
I took a party of six to Julian Serrano for an early dinner on a Saturday.  We ordered twelve different tapas and four desserts and barely a crumb was left when we were done.  Here's a descripton of some of the tapas we tried:. . --Calamari--Light and delicious!  The breading was light and the calamari was fresh and not chewy.. . --Cheese plate--Everyone enjoyed trying the different cheeses-- the manchego and goat cheese were table favorites.. . --Egg ravioli--This was unreal!  I have no idea how they put a poached egg wrapped in bacon inside of a fried phyllo shell, but it was fantastic.   Very mild taste.. . --Spanish pizza (with sobrasada)--The crust was buttery and delicious and the toppings were a big hit.. . --Mushroom risotto--This risotto was the tastiest I have ever had in the U.S.  . . --Lobster and pineapple skewers--beautiful presentationand the lobster was very fresh. . --Wilted baby spinach--I am not a big lover of spinach but this was delicious!. . Our favorite dessert was the Spanish donuts with caramel dipping sauce.  We enjoyed the almond cake was well.. . Our entire party enjoyed the dining experience.  We had great service, too.  I can't wait to go again!
Amazing! We went here for a Father's Day/My Bday dinner before going to a show. I wanted tapas and Julian Serrano delivered. . . We started with Pan Manchego (manchego cheese on bread with tomato and garlic sauce), Serrano ham, and the ahi tuna sticks. The tuna sticks were just ok. Then we ordered Seared Scallops (which were cooked to perfection - not overdone, and so sweet, like butter), pintxo de chorizos (chorizo sausage with mashed potatoes) - OK, camarones a la plancha (the shrimp head is the best!), sutffed dates - ok. We also ordered 3 other things - but my list is already too long. . . Then we ordered the almond cake and bunuelos (little donuts) for dessert.. . The bunuelos came with a caramel sauce and our server said they would be good with the chocolate sauce that comes with the churros, so she brought a small bowl of that. It was a spicy chocolate sauce that was awesome!. . Their red sangria was excellent, and our server's knowledge about Spanish wines came in handy. . . Overall, I had a great dinner here and would love to come back.
Great tapas and sangria
Excellent service! Awesome food!
Beautiful place, great ambiance, excellent service. Everything I tried was great: White Ceviche, Croquetas, Marinated Olives, Pintxo Chorizos, Beef and Cheese. Got a pitcher of red sangria. The waiter seaid it would get us ~5 glasses but it was a lot more than that. My favorite: Pintxo Chirizos: I've been looking for this kind of Spanish Chorizo for a long time! The chocolate cake dessert was also great. Got my two long favorites, so I have to give 5-stars. :)
We had dinner at Julian Serrano on Sunday during the memorial day long weekend.  We arrived at around 7 without a reservation and the hostess was able to find us a table, which was great, because i was not too keen on sitting at the bar.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria right away, chicken paella.  Had the best Iberiberico (Spanish black pig) tapas, it was so yummy...soft and tender like wagyu, but not so fatty like wagyu.  The sangria was great...we ended up eating all the fruit inside the pitcher, which were wine soaked.  Besides the chicken paella and iberiberico tapas, we also got a couple other tapas, risotto with mushrooms and something else i cannot remember.  Dinner wasn't cheap, it came to $180 for 2 people, but we can't wait to go back the next time we're in Vegas.
We came to Julian Serrano for a close friend's  30th bday. Because we were going to a show after dinner, we had to eat kind of early (7pm so the place was not as busy as usual). The atmosphere is airy, open to the edge of the lobby and entrance from the Crystals shopping centre. The decor is very spanish- bright and vibrant colors.. . We started with the sangria- which they offer in red or white. The drink goes down so smooth, so be careful if you don't want to get drunk. Definitely get a pitcher to share amongst a table before dinner.. . Family style is the only way to go here-  we ordered tons of share plates and a largepaella. Try to save room for dessert because the creme brulee was unbelievable.. . As with most places in Vegas, they have a great wine list. Bring your wine spectator skills and pick a bottle from their big collection.. . Service was great- although we never had the same person come to our table ever. It was like they had an endless supply of staff and sent out a different one with every plate.. . Price wise, it is decent for Vegas. Small plates are generally cheaper but can add up quickly.
Muy expensivo but awesome artisan desserts.   And the coffee.. one of the best I've ever sent between my lips...
I absolutely love this place! So many chefs claim to master Spanish cooking, but so few of them do it well. The food you will get here is authentically Spanish. The Paella Valenciana is EXCELLENT, cooked to perfection, with enough "socarra" (the burnt stuff on the bottom on the pan) to prove its authenticity. The Brava Potatoes (known as "patatas bravas") were done a bit differently than what you would be served in Madrid, but the taste was very similar. The creamy, garlic-y, tomato-y sauce was delicious. The lamb chops are also delicious and cooked to perfection, perfectly medium, with a jus that is salty and savory. Delicious! If you want to splurge on Serrano ham, go for the Pata Negra. It is the best of the best, and though it is very pricey - and portions are quite limited - you'll be able to taste the difference between that and the processed cured hams you get at the supermarket. The wine selection is also nice, and if you're going to dine here, you might as well pair your meal with Spanish wines, like a nice Rioja or any of their sangrias. I have been here several times, and plan on doing so in the future as well. It is one of the best new restaurants in town.
Since leaving Boston it's been difficult to find a good tapas place on the west coast.  Julian Serranos ends my search.  The food is excellent and   the service is fast and friendly.  Favorite dishes:  black pig pinxto, toritilla espanola, fresh calamari a la plancha, chicken croquetas, montado serrano, and the beef and cheese.
When i write a review, I make sure to mention that I am not comparing this place against the universe of restaurants, but against its own expectation. That means that comparing this to Chili's would not be fare to either, I compare to what is advertised and expected. I also rate according to three variables: food, environment and service. However, the perfect food on a non-perfect environment could still deserve perfect ratings going inline with my  'expectations' guideline above. I do not rate pricing, the price influences the expectation. . . What you would expect: High end, gourmet tapas, smaller portions and priced accordingly, in a contemporary informal setup but at a Vegas prime resort. . . Service: I sat at the bar by myself on a business trip. The bar tender was super friendly, fare and sincere in his suggestions. Service was right on time. No complaints. Above Vegas service standards in my opinion.. . Enviro: Its an open space facing the registration deck at the Aria casino, which has a beautiful architecture. Decoration is modern, and table setup is not too formal. Its a little loud when crowded and tables are set close to each other, so it is romantic but may be not "first date" romantic. I was wearing jeans and a jacket and felt perfectly fine. I saw people in slacks and sports jackets and people in dress shorts. All inline with the nice-but-not-so-formal.. . Food: Here's where it wins. Yes. Portions are not big, but that does not matter. Flavors are artistic and sophisticated, perfectly made for my taste. I would lie to myself with anything less than 5 stars.. I tried the risotto, the lamb chop and the gambas and the three were among the best I have ever had.
This great Tapas restaurant is located at the beautiful Aria hotel, which is where I was staying this past weekend for a Bachelorette party. The restaurant was recommended by the Bachelorette who had eaten here during her last visit to Vegas. . . My cousin called Friday morning and we had no trouble making reservations for a Friday evening for 8 ladies. Once we arrived, they asked us to wait a couple minutes to get our table ready but were seated shortly after. . . Our waiter was friendly and explained the menu to us and how 2-3 plates per person should suffice. We each ordered 2 plates each and a pitcher of Sangria which was delicious and refreshing (it's also what knocked me out early for the evening!). Since some of the girls wanted the same thing, we ended up getting doubles of some. At the end of our meal we still had 2-3 plates of food so I'd definitely recommend only 2 plates per person. . . All in all, among the 8 of us we had:. . Huevos Estrellados*. White Ceviche. Mixed Seafood Ceviche*. Gambas. Black Rice. Pinxto de Chorizos*. Coca Vegetarian . Spanish Tortilla . . There might have been a few other plates but I forget now. Everything I tried was delicious and I love the idea of small plates because everyone is able to try. You also don't get sick of eating a big dish of something. . . I put stars next to my favorite dishes of the night. The Huevos Estrellados consisted of Fried Potatoes, Eggs, and Chorizo. The best part of this was breaking the yolk and it oozing over the whole dish. SO GOOD! The Mixed Seafood Ceviche contained Shrimp, Octopus, White Fish, Cilantro, and Lime Juice. This was a great dish to offset the fatty, savory dishes. The lime juice brightened up the flavors of the fresh seafood. Pinxto de Chorizos was Mini Pork Chorizo, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Garlic Sauce. Do I still need to elaborate on this dish? It's pork, garlic, pot, and more garlic! DELISH! . . Great and quick service, friendly service, delicious food, and a great time!
Me and my crew rolled up here for a quick bite before a show.  We ended up not wanting to leave!  The tapas were perfectly prepared and each one was delightful.  Some of the best that I've ever had, even compared to Spain.. . Our servers were friendly and helpful.  And the final bill was not even that bad for Vegas, about $50 a head.. . I would definitely go back.
The food was amazing! We found this place because we used to go to Picasso at the Bellagio all the time, and the bartender that was always working there, Jason, transferred to Julian Serrano over at Aria. We still go to Picasso for drinks and the water show, but we had to stop by Julian Serrano to say hi to Jason, since he's bartending there now. We've gotten to know Jason over the last few years, and if you have a chance to stop in and say hi, he's a really great guy and one of the best, most knowledgeable, and most personable bartenders in Vegas! So go to Julian Serrano for dinner & drinks, and try some of the most amazing tapas food while you are there. We had a group of 10 for dinner and everyone at the table raved about the food. We ordered about 15 dishes off the menu and shared everything, and everything was seriously delicious! Tell Jason that "Brian from Chicago says he makes a great apple martini", and try one for yourself!
Discovered this place quite by accident, and glad we did. Each dish had a delicious twist on the traditional tapas menu and these unique additions really made the meal. (I'm talking foams and other molecular gastronomy type twists.). . Plenty of options for vegetarians, and the small plate style makes it easy to try a lot or a little. And save room for dessert, they had the best fruit (with sparkling wine foam) I've ever tasted.
The boyfriend and I came back to this restaurant a year later because we were staying next door at Monte Carlo.  It was better than we remembered.  The Red Sangria was amazing with big pieces of fruits that we ended asking for a spoon and fishing it out of the pitcher to munch on.  We had the following and enjoyed every morsels.  --Cheese Platter with Fig, Pata Negra ham platter, Piquillo Peppers, Spanish tortilla and last but not least the churro and chocolate pot --  The services was excellent--attentive without being intrusive.   Julian Serrano is now a tradition to us and we will be back here everytime we are in Vegas.
Fabulous tapas restaurant inside the Aria. Couldnt decide on which dishes to try so opted for the lobster salad and the large seafood entree, the mariscada. Loved loved loved it. Tried a bit of the huevos estrellados and almost collapsed. The fried potatoes and chorizo combination was amazing. Cant wait to dine here again.
Everything we had was presented beautifully and it tasted delicious.  There was not one grain on salt missing from any of the dishes.. . We ordered:. . Patatas bravas. Seafood Ceviche . Porkloin skewers. Black rice . Scallops. . The ceviche was the best ceviche I've had in America.  It was almost, almost, as good as the authentic Peruvian ceviche.  Better than any Peruvian restaurant that I've ever been to here in the states. The only thing lacking was the heat (but I can understand why it's not). Other than that, it was perfect!. . The patatas bravas were really good too. The spicy tomato sauce was really nice with a little spicy kick.. . The black rice was so yummy...mmmhhhhh. . The scallops were cooked perfectly and the romanesco sauce was one of the best I've ever had outside of Spain.. . The Pork was also a winner.  The pork was juicy and expertly cooked.  . . Overall, I really enjoyed my meal.  I left full and with a smile on my face.
I don't give five stars out much; but when I do, the place has the goods.. . Instructions:. Go here.  Experience.  Eat.  Smile.  Repeat.. . There is too much to write and I am afraid I will leave something out.  Just go here... It's really good.
Wow I could not imagine a better 1st time tapas experience. First, my sauvignon blanc was so fabulous. The staff was so friendly. Somehow we caught the head server (from Madrid) and told him, "bring us whatever is good!" he delivered ;) the best appetizers I had were mushroom risotto and the 18-year-old ham! The cheese and bread samplers were rich and heavenly! When my dish came I was so impressed by the flavors. NO WORDS TO DESCRIBE HOW HAPPY MY MOUTH WAS! After an evening of indulging, it felt perfectly content after polishing off my Alaskan bass. I will definitely come back for appetizers and vino.
Great service, great food.  A bit expensive.
Beautiful Restaurant and food.  I am a old employee of Julian and Im proud to say that.  This restaurant is awesome, and Julian Serrano is awesome.  Its casual so if your used to Picasso you may not like it...so set your expectations
A treat for the taste buds! The dishes are freshly prepared and delicious. The "tappas" approach gives you the chance to sample a couple or three dishes without getting filled up as you would with a whole meal. The tappas offered reflect a wide range of choices and the three we shared were all unusual and excellent. I especially appreciated the time and effort the waitress put into making sure that I did not have any garlic, to which I am allergic, and that, in spite of not having any garlic in them, every dish was a taste treat.. I would mention, however, that the waitress was very helpful in ordering the dishes, but we did not see much of her during our meal, so we would have had a bit of a problem had anything needed attention. I can always understand it when a server is not around much because the restaurant is busy, but in this case, it was early-afternoon on a Wednesday and there were few other diners, so the server ought to have been more attentive.
Holy mother of all things sacred...  This was excellent.  We arrived for an 8:00pm reservation, but couldn't be seated until after 8:30.  While that wasn't too cool, there were eight of us, so you have to be patient.  We were headed to NY-NY for a show at 10:00 so we had to be quick.  I have to admit I was nervous about making our show.  We told the waiter and he said, "let me just start bringing dishes".  We trusted him and he didn't let us down.  . . We had an amazing selection of worldly flavors.  From the appetizers to mains, then desserts, i didnt have anything that I wouldn't order again.  My favorite had to be the lamb chops, no wait the beef and brie, no wait - who knows, it was all so good.  . . While it was a bit pricey, I think you have to expect to pay for good food and good service, especially in Vegas.
This restaurant is what got my family into Spanish tapas (I had my introduction a bit earlier) and consider this their favorite restaurant so far. After my 2nd visit there, I can say this is a place I can take someone to without getting an urge to overstuff myself to get my money's worth. A bit pricier than other tapas places I've been, but hey, it's Vegas; nothing comes cheap.. . The restaurant looks kinda like a transparent enclave of the Aria, which can make this spot a perfect place to people-watch as you eat, if you get a good spot. We had a wonderful waiter who made suggestions that were spot-on and made sure that we had a good dining experience. I got to try both the red and white sangria before I picked a glass of red as my drink. A good sangria has a taste of spiked punch that doesn't taste like it has been spiked. The dash of cinnamon was the perfect touch. Mom had one too, but started feeling lightheaded halfway and asked me to finish it. At one point she forgot what room we were staying in.. . Here were the tapas we had that day. We tried to go for a balance between meat and vegetables. At the end of it, our party of 3 felt quite satiated without feeling stuffed.. . Ahi Tuna Tartare - the tuna was a bit tough, but went well with the wasabi foam. Suprisingly, the avocado and mango ensaladilla was tasty by itself.. Avocado Cannelloni - SOFT salmon mixed with mayo and paired with this bread. Yum.. Brava Potatoes - spicy potato and alioli sauce. One of the most popular tapas according to the waiter. This is an example of a GOOD mix of alioli and brava sauce WITHOUT the excess grease that goes in frying the potatoes in said sauces. They were bite-sized that makes it easy to just gorge on the bowl. . Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - got as part of the waiter's suggestion. The goat cheese just melted in your mouth and the pepper had a good spicy "bite".. Fried Calamari - a little bit too salty, but still crispy. Liked it with the alioli sauce. Grilled Lamb Chop - at least this was a better rendition of a lamb chop than a certain buffet we went the other day.... . The meal ended with Molten Chocolate Cake. The cake, though small, contained quite a bit of molten chocolate with just enough amount of cake. Paired with the blood orange ice cream, it was like a chocolate orange explosion in my mouth. One of the best renditions I've had in a while, especially since molten chocolate cake is one of my favorite type of desserts. . . I thought I would pass up this restaurant as it was too "Vegas-y" and not enough Spanish, but the food was just too good this time. There's already Paris in Vegas, I guess there's enough room for one more culture to be represented.
OMG.. . This was my favorite meal from my 4 days in Vegas.  We came here for lunch on a Saturday around 1 pm because my mom has been on a tapas kick lately and we had heard this place was good. The decor was very hip and attractive, just like the Aria itself. We had a reservation so we didn't wait, bit about 30 minutes after we sat down, a line started to form outside. . . Food: 5. The food was absolutely delicious.  There was not one dish I didn't like. The Brava potatoes were perfectly fried and crispy, and covered in a red sauce and garlic aioli.  My only complaint about the presentation is that it was served in a small bowl, so that the bottom pieces were soggy when we reached them. Serving this on a plate with the sauces on the side would be better.  The lobster gazpacho was cool and refreshing, and came with some chunks of lobster meat, minced tomatoes, cucumbers and bell peppers, and a frozen ball of the soup on a spoon (very fancy!).  Dad ordered the Pinxto de chorizos with garlic mashed potato, which were so tasty (but not healthy at all).  The chorizo was flavored perfectly, and the mashed potatoes complemented them well.  the fried calamari was not very crispy, but the squid was so tender and lightly breaded, so the flavor made up for the lack of normal calamari texture.  We also ordered the seafood ceviche and the sardines (I didn't eat them so I can't comment, but my parents enjoyed them immensely).  We had the salted Marcona Almonds, and they were good, but i wouldn't order them again ($6 for almonds is a bit much). . . We enjoyed our food with a pitcher of white sangria, which was STRONG and delicious and perfect for sipping in between bites.  It was not oversweet, and came with big, pretty chunks of green apple, lime, and orange.  Mom started skewering the apples out of the pitcher with her fork and eating them when the sangria was all gone :). . For me, the star of the meal was the dessert: churros with spicy hot chocolate!  These were not your typical Mexican-American cinnamon churros - they were only slightly sweet and dusted with powdered sugar, light, fluffy, formed into little teardrop-shaped loops, and served with a cup of melted dark chocolate with a spicy kick and a chili pepper for decoration.  If you are a chocolate lover, you MUST get this!  The chocolate was rich with a subtle spiciness that never became too strong, but complemented the sweet/fried flavors of the churro.  Even my mom, who is super health-conscious and never eats desserts, had a bite, and then had about 4 more bites after that.  Such an innovative and unique dessert!  It's pretty big as well, so you can easily share it between two people.. . Service: 5. Fast, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu.  The food came out ridiculously quickly, considering how intricate some of the presentations were.. . Value: 4.5. This place is upscale and expensive, but if you're in Vegas to eat and indulge, it's so worth it!!  You will feel completely satisfied with your decision.
Cliff notes- Outstanding tappas. Can't miss- shrimp ceviche, chicken croquets, and ironically their mini pizzas which were amazing. . . . I went here with my parents and their friends from Scotland when they were here visiting for the night. I wanted to take them to a place that had a diversity of options as they can be a bit finicky about fine dining. It was restaurant week and they all got the prix fix menu while I opted to pick and chose from the regular menu.. . Service- was great. Fast, responsible, we were never left waiting. The only misstep was when they brought 2 of my dishes at the same time instead of staggering them (which I would expect a tappas restaurant to do) but it was minor. . . The ambiance is great- as is the rest of the Aria. We had a huge table which accommodated the multiple plates/wine glasses without feeling cramped. . . Some notes on the dishes:. . Ceviche- was great, very tart, fish and shrimp not overdone. . . Pizza- this was actually my favorite. It had a really thick almost cookie like crust that was out of this world.. . Sous vide pork chop- very moist and tender. Sides were forgettable though. . Treats. I got the blood orange molten cake which was very rich (dark chocolate) but the sorbet worked well to cut against it.. . I also tried the churro which was very good- nice and crispy.
Went on an extended weekend trip for a friend's birthday this summer. I must say this was probably the highlight food wise the entire trip. There was a big group of us (probably 15 or so total), we already had a table waiting for us so were seated quickly. The service first off was excellent, again we were a large group. Had some yummy sangria to start and then got down to business. A couple other people in our party did the ordering so I don't even know all the different items we tried but we did have a good variety. . . The standouts for me were beef and cheese, pintxo de chorizos, stuffed dates, cheese platter, and conejo al ajillo. Hands down the beef tenderloin with the cheese, honey and pecans was the best thing i ate on the entire trip. I normally am not a red meat person, but this was amazing. It was cooked perfectly, was so tender and the flavors just allowed it all to melt in your mouth. I probably could've sat there all day and just ate that one dish. For dessert we had arroz con leche de coco, santiago's cake, flan, churros and bunuelos. The arroz con leche was probably my favorite and allowed for a perfect way to end a  delicious meal. . If you're in Vegas and want to try something new (even though it's pricey but heck you're in Vegas) I recommend going to Aria and dining at Julian Serrano's, you will not be disappointed.
We just happened to stumble upon this place for a snack on Dec. 11. OMG - it was delicious! I've had tapas before at many restaurants over the years but this was a standout. We sat at the bar and ordered 5 tapas, which all were amazingly good. Exquisitely delicious,  tasteful, great presentation and excellent service.
Great restaurant in City Center.  I had many things on the menu and all where fantastic.  They also have a very good wine list.   Great decor and friendly staff.  One of the best meals I have had on the strip in years.
Very creative and delicious food.  I've been too many tapas places and they are rarely up to par (especially if you've been so Spain and understand what Spanish cuisine is supposed to taste like).  We ordered 4 tapas and each one hit it out of the park.  Our favourite, interestingly, was pan con tomate, which is so basic, but Julian Serrano's pan con tomate will blow your taste buds.  The other dishes -- ahi tuna codes, beef with figs and manchego and mushroom risotto -- were also stellar and very interesting takes on traditional Spanish cuisine.
Ridiculous menu. EVERYTHING we ordered was so amazing and reasonably priced. The "Beef & Cheese" could be one of the best things I've ever eaten(order it med-rare). Our bartender was Premo and he was awesome. If you can't find a drink you like, he'll gladly come up with one for you.. . \Get there early on the weekends or make reservations because they fill up quick. It's a pretty dressy atmosphere so your typical jeans and a t-shirt get up probably won't cut it.
We went to Vegas around Christmas to treat ourselves to some great food, and Julian Serrano was a stellar surprise. Prior to coming, we studied the menu and got a few ideas about what we wanted to order. Our first visit was for dinner one evening, and we decided to try their $39 prix fixe menu with the $19 wine pairing.. . Everything about the meal and service was outstanding! We had a few questions about the food and possible substitutions for dessert, and what our waiter couldn't answer immediately, he quickly found out and was very helpful.. . For the appetizer round, my partner and I shared the Brava Potatoes and the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers. Such simple items, but oh so delicious. The potatoes are topped with a mildly spicy bravas sauce and an alioli; when combined with the crispy potatoes, it's a perfect bite! The piquillo peppers were equally delicious. Although they're a bit small, they pack a huge punch in each bite. I'm not a fan of mushrooms, but they were blended so well with the goat cheese that it made for a delicious two or three bite dish. The waiter paired a refreshing Riesling with this course and it was the perfect accompaniment. . . The entree round brought me the Organic Pork Chop with pisto serrano and a dijon mustard sauce, which was topped with thin, crispy-fried wonton crisps. My partner had the seasonal fish, which was a perfectly cooked salmon, with a side of sauteed spinach with raisins, apples, and pine nuts all topped with a buttery garlic sauce. Both dishes were cooked perfectly, but the pork chop was the standout. The dijon sauce was drool-worthy and each bite of the chop with the pisto serrano and the wonton crisps was moan-inducing. I don't usually enjoy fish, but the bite of salmon I had was very good (perfect for fish-lovers, I'm sure). We had a delicious Cava paired with this course and it complemented the dishes well.. . There were three great options for dessert on the $39 menu, but we spotted the churros with a spicy chocolate dipping sauce on the $59 menu and thought we'd ask if we could substitute. Our waiter made it possible, and we could not have been more pleased. Who doesn't love a good, crispy fried churro and a spicy chocolate sauce?! He paired a sweet Sherry (Hidalgo - Pedro Jiminez) with this course and it was the perfect pairing. With each dip of the churro in the sauce, you could pick up a faint hint of the spice in the chocolate, but when you took a sip of the sherry - WOW! The sherry was so good. The hint of raisin and almond with a buttery sweet finish was the perfect coupling with the spicy-sweet fried goodness. . . The atmosphere here was great as well. You're still close enough to the casino to people-watch (if that's what you like), but it's also private enough to have a quiet meal. We were seated at one of the tables connected to the bar, which was right next to two of the kitchens where we could watch all the delicious tapas coming out. The setting is casual enough where you can come in from a day walking the strip and sit down for a great meal.. . Overall, this was the best place we ate at while in Vegas. So much so, that we decided to have it for lunch the day we left (see below for details). Do yourself a favor and go to Julian Serrano now. You won't be disappointed.. . ********. . UPDATE: Our experience the night before at another Aria restaurant was awful, so we decided to return to Julian Serrano for lunch before leaving Vegas. This time, we opted to select a few different tapas to share. Again, the service was great and we got another table near the kitchen so we could see all the delicious food coming out. Since this visit was more about trying the different tapas, here's what we had:. . - Golden and Red Beet Salad: Delightfully delicious, earthy and refreshing. I never had beets before, but this was a great introduction to that earthy root. The beets were paired with frisee, citrus fruits (lime, orange and grapefruit) and molecular pineapple. There's a perfectly sweet beet syrup on the bottom that marries well with the whole salad.. . - Warm Goat Cheese Salad: This was light and refreshing as well - a good dish to prep your palate for the more heartier dishes to come. . . - Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas: Yum! Yum! Yum! Delicately fried and filled with chicken and a scrumptious bechamel sauce, these bites are not to be missed. Four come to an order.. . - Stuffed Dates: Having made these at home, we could appreciate the time-consuming effort these little meat candies take to prepare. The dates are stuffed with goat cheese (I think) and an almond, then wrapped in bacon for a perfectly sweet and savory bite. The piquillo pepper sauce on the side was a nice surprise. Mildly spicy, which was a great addition to the sweetness of the dates. Four of these come to an order as well. . . - Huevos Estrellados: We were on the brunch side of lunch, so this was a great dish. Crispy french fries topped with eggs and chorizo - a nice and hearty finish to a perfect meal.
Best thing about the Aria is this restaurant. If you have food allergies, they actually give you a printout that lists everything on the menu and let you know by allergy what has what. This is the only place in Vegas that did not make me sick.
I went here with some friends while in Vegas for my 30th birthday celebration. I loved this place! The staff were very friendly, the food was fantastic (I suggest the ahi tuna, creamy risotto, beef and cheese, potatoes bravas, pan manchego, and red sangria), and the restaurant had a great ambiance! The floors were mosaics, the chairs were big and comfortable, the temperature was perfect. Oh, and I got a birthday dessert! I would definitely go back!
Yes 5 stars!  Julian Serrano is worthy of all the stars , the moon and the sun too!  THIS IS WHERE I HAD THE  BEST CEVICHE I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY WHOLE LIFE!. . I'm so not a Las Vegas fan! (Yeah, I'm that boring!) If I want to "live it up" South Beach has  never dissapointed.  BUT, I love road trips! So much so that I would go anywhere even when I don't care for the destination. "Hey you wanna take a road trip to hell?" Me: " Oh! Hell yeah!...you are driving, right?" . . WHY I HATE VEGAS, WELL IF YOU CARE.... . THE CHEESY DAY CLUB SCENE:. Don't get  me wrong, I love pool parties but the whole Vegas day club culture with cheesy Z list "celebrity" hosts from mind numbing reality shows-BARF! . This scene can be entertaining for about 20 min ...well unless you are slizzered! The scene as in dudes with huge biceps,  meaningless "tribal tatoos"  and chicken legs walking around like they're about to fly! Oh! And their counterparts, Pamela Anderson wannabees looking like they came to audition for America's Next Top Pornstar.  Meanwhile, the evil twin in me is itching to stick a pin in those thingies, something about inflated balloons.... . . NIGHT CLUBS:. Even worse; populated with the same roid heads from the pool trying to be all "big pimpin"  because they just paid $500 for $20 bottle of Grey Goose Vodka for the privilege of being sorrounded by 20  "hot" girls.  . And the sad thing is  that, these ladies  are not even interested in these "ballers". They would play the part for a free drink and a place to park their asses and rest their 6" heels wearing feet! As you know, In Vegas, no bottle service, no seating! So if you don't want to get bottle service yourself, you'd better  find someone who could.... . SENSORY OVERLOAD.  1. 2000 ladies of all shapes and sizes(not a compliment) wearing the Vegas Saturday Night Uniform-the "Freak Em Dress"... with 6 inch heels! Yap! That super short, super tight dress that used to be a favourite of prostitutes all over the world but now... Hey!  I don't even know what  Vegas "working girls" wear to gain a competitive edge over that girl from Kansas who just want to  "let the freak out" for the weekend! That is some conundrum!  . . 2. The Wayne Newton's face everywhere- taxis, buidings, mugs...DISTURBING!. . 3. The annoying slots machine ringers that I keep hearing even in my sleep!  The fake foreign cities,  waterfalls and beaches.... . 4.  Millions of Elvis impersonators...I mean seriously, who goes to Vegas to watch a fake Elvis?. . OTHER ANNOYING FACTORS:. 1) The fact that you have to walk many carpeted miles in your highest heels to get to the main door?. .  2)  LET ME NOT START WITH THE VEILED SLOBBERING DRUNK BACHELORETTES! . . WHY I GO TO VEGAS.. . Besides the road trip, I go to Vegas because of one thing and one thing only-THE RESTAURANTS!. . THE VEGAS DINING EXPERIENCE:. I can comfortably say that  with all the fake glitz and cheesy glamour, Las Vegas  is home to the best restaurants in the country...well, in close third to NYC and San Francisco!  . . We turned up at Julian Serrano by chance after an award show at MGM. A night before, we had a late dinner at Comme Ca at the Cosmopolitan, so for the next dinner, we wanted to try out restaurants at Aria. We first headed down to Bar Masa because of its New York connection. . We get to Bar Masa " Bla! Bla! Bla! You have no reservation, you'll have to wait for the late sitting" (an hour later).  Moi, I am in no shape to wait-I am hungry, cranky, I am in so much pain, my hooker heels are killing me from all that walking through the Casino to get to the MGM main entrance!. . So I  told the Maitre d' I can't wait but needed a recommendation. This guy  personally walked us to Juliano Serrano. And of course, I am not that excited to be at JS because I was looking forward to eat at Bar Masa-my mind was already made up! And I am also thinking, I have had the best tapas already, what can this chef do that is different form all other tapas restaurants? . . The restaurant when you look at it ,is so unassuming-bright color modern decor-nothing special.. . THE FOOD:. We had:. - Lobster Salad . - Red Beet Salad . -Ahi Tuna Tempura  . -Avocado Cannelloni . -Huevos Estrellado . -Sauteed Padron Peppers . -White Ceviche (EASILY THE BEST CEVICHE I HAVE EVER HAD!). . -Steamed Mussels . -Gambas a la Plancha . -White Anchovy Fillets . -Grilled Lamb Chop . -Stuffed Dates . . Yeah and we definitely stuffed our faces too ;-). . . We paired the tapas with a great bottle of wine as recommended by the sommelier. . . I was so happy that I ended up here instead of Bar Masa; what a great surprise that was! I had no expectations coming in and ended up with the best tapas I ever had (as far as I can recall!)  . . I highly recommend Julian Serrano as the restaurant to dine at when you are in Las Vegas. I have dined at some of the "best restaurants in Las Vegas" but this one is high on that list!. . Compliments to Chef Serrano!. . . BY http://www.girlstrippin.com. . Follow me: http://www.instagram.com/pendoloveamore
Had the $39 tasting menu and it was FANTASTIC!. . Lobster gazpacho - very flavorful soup with a great tomato taste. Yes, there's actually lobster meat in it!. . Brava potatoes - omg I don't know what the spicy sauce was, but it was delicious! I wanted to drink it. The little cubed potatoes were crispy on the outside and were just perfect with the sauce. Of course, some got soggy at the end, but they were still good.. . Salmon - Sourced from the same proprietor as the fish for Bar Masa next door. Two of my friends got this dish and it was THE best salmon they have ever had in their lives. These are girls that always order the fish option on any menu.. . Pork chop - Delicious! It's a very large chop. It's very thick so you would think the outside would be dry, but it's not. Juicy all around.. . Rice Pudding - This was probably the most disappointing dish. I wouldn't get it again.. . Molten chocolate cake - YES! They make it well here.. . White sangria - refreshing and buzz worthy! pun intended.
I frequent Vegas (being a Southern California native) and I never, ever miss going to this place. It is expensive, and, as a recent graduate, I am not the richest gal. However, this is my FAVORITE restaurant in Las Vegas. Tapas are a great way to spend a couple hours over dinner. I really could not pick a favorite, but if I had to, I would say the stuffed peppers and the chorizo plate. I also absolutely love the size of their Sangria pitchers. A lot of places will charge way too much for a small amount of wine. The pitcher comes out to about 7-8 glasses. It's somewhere around $40, and it's absolutely worth it. . The best thing about a restaurant like this is that it is suitable for ALL occasions. My boyfriend and I go for romantic dinners, I have been with my friends for my birthday twice now, and I have also been there with 12 of my extended family members! There is no wrong or inappropriate time for a restaurant like this. . I love love love it here!. If I had to list a complaint, I would say the waiters/waitresses are not super attentive, but it's barely noticeable. . If you're interested in a tapas restaurant, I would highly recommend this place.. (And consider getting a reservation if you go between 7-9 on Friday/Saturday)
This review is way overdue but better late than never. My husband and I went to Vegas on our honeymoon back in November and went to have tapas here. This place had amazing food. Yes they were expensive about $10-$15 a plate but Julian Serrano is the chef so I don't know what people expect and they are small portions but that is what tapas are. Tapas are not meant to be full meals, they are Spanish appetizers. If you are the type who looks for more bang for your buck or does not like to splurge then this would not be the restaurant for you. If it takes alot for you to get full then prepare to spend some money. The prices are clearly marked and the staff does inform you of the portion sizes beforehand so you can always walk if it is not what you want to spend your money on. There are no tricks or surprises. It would be nice to see more reviews about the food then people getting mad about the high prices of the tapas as if someone held a gun to their head and forced them to choose to eat there.Sorry about the rant. now back to the review:. .  We had the 2 orders of the croquetas, potatas bravas, churros with chocolate chili sauce, and the flan. Everything was so pretty I almost did not want to eat it. They were amazing and they filled us up also! If you are looking for authentic Spanish tapas, a laid back atmosphere, and upscale customer service all in the same place then I strongly suggest you visit here. The food is worth every penny and I will be back when I go to Vegas. His staff is very polite and we never went one second without not being attended to and the staff made sure we had everything we needed at all times.
Excellent tastes and wonderfully served in a tasting order. My dinner was built to deliver an experience of tastes and flavors that complimented each other perfectly and grew to an epic dessert. Each dish on it's own was simple and heavenly. Combined was a taste of paradise.
Just recently had the opportunity to dine at Julian Serrano again and I have to say it might have been one of the best experiences I have ever had.  It began with our waiter, Pedro, who was quite frankly one of the best waiters I've ever had.  The first thing he said to us once our group of 7 sat down was " Welcome to my home.  It will be an honor to take care of you".  And then our culinary journey began.  We showed Pedro a few of the tapas that interested us on the menu and he took care of the rest.  When it was all said and done, we had gone through 30 plates of tapas that covered a wide range of tastes and textures, finishing up with churros dipped in hot chocolate sauce.  All along the way, Pedro was explaining each dish and giving us the Spanish region they came from.  There is no doubt our group will be dining at this restaurant next year and asking for Pedro again to be our waiter.
Love the food and the service! Stephan our server really took care of us. If u love tapas then u have to check out this place. Definitely gastronomic !!!
Julian Serrano is located just inside the casino entrance to Aria resort at The City Center on the Vegas Strip. It is an upscale fine dining restaurant that features Spanish tapas (or sharing plates). Simone and I arrived in our finest t-shirts, shorts and sneakers. Although not exactly dressed for a formal dinner, I let the hostess know I had made a reservation and we were quickly escorted past the rich and almost famous to the corner table at the far end of the dining room. Reservations are an absolute necessity if you plan to get a table at this restaurant (especially when dressed like a tourist from Maine).After being seated, our very formal waiter quickly offered us a very expensive wine menu and so we decided to get a diet soda and water ( from the tap). We looked over the menu and decided that we wanted to try the Paella as our entree that we would share. The Paella takes at least 35 minutes to prepare so we placed our order before deciding on our smaller tapas plates. First up we decided on a plate of marinated olives. When they arrived we realized that they were not pitted, so we had fun seeing who could make the biggest mess while trying to get the pits out. The waiter seemed amused by this. The olives were very good and were marinated in roasted garlic and baby onions. For our second tapas we decided to get more adventurous and ordered the Albondigas, which were mini Meatballs cooked in a Tomato and Sherry Sauce. They were some of the most tender meatballs I have ever eaten and they just melted in the mouth. The sauce was mild and light with a nice hint of sherry and also included some roasted baby potatoes.  Our last tapas choice was the new age Egg Potato & Morcilla dish. The dish was a combination of sauteed Wild Mushrooms and Blood Sausage with a soft poached egg, atop a pool of Potato Foam topped with Manchego Cheese Air. This dish was truly memorable and one of the most unique things I have ever eaten. The richness of the sausage and egg combined magicaly with the smokey earthiness of the mushrooms and the potato foam and Manchego air melted away to create a creamy sauce for it all. This dish was a real culinary adventure.  Our Valencia Paella was ready and came to the table piping hot and served in the cast iron pan it was cooked in. It was a delicious combination of baked Saffron laced Spanish rice with house made Chorizo sausage, sauteed Rabbit and tender grilled Chicken topped of with roasted Haricot Verde Green Beans.  We managed to finish off the rather large Paella meal, and then wrapped things up with a dessert tapas of Almond Sponge Cake with Homemade Almond Ice Cream. It was super dense, super moist and super good.  Our entire meal and experience at Julian Serrano was one that I will not soon forget. It was creative, unique and prepared perfectly. I would recommend this to anyone that doesn't mind shelling out a few extra bucks to have the perfect culinary adventure. And next time I'll even wear pants...maybe.
The decor is very edgy and modern so make sure to take pics pictures! The menu is not extensive, but it is the perfect number of dishes or else I might have trouble deciding. My friend and I ordered the dates (which were excellent!), some kind of bread, and ceviche. We were eating at 10:30pm so the portions were perfect. . . With my friend's sangria, tax, and gratuity... it was $50.
For someone that loves tapas, and loves modern / molecular gastronomy even more, Julian Serrano was total bliss.  From the moment we sat down, everyone was super accommodating and friendly. The waitress obliged our many questions about the dishes. Even when we asked probably dumb questions to the sommelier, he seemed just genuinely excited to talk about wine. Definitely not the usual smug a*hole you find at most expensive restaurants.. . From the rather dark and cave like ambiance of the Aria Hotel's casino floor, Julian Serrano (JS) is a pop of very bright colors and trendy styles. There are decorative sound barriers between the casino floor and the restaurant, so you are sheltered from all the noise and smoke of the casino.. . The tapas dishes were the second best tapas I'd ever had, second only to Jose Andres. The traditional Spanish dishes are tasty, but you can generally get them at most Spanish tapas restaurants. Branch out, and try the dishes from the "Modern" section of the menu. These are the hallmarks of Julian Serrano's creativity, not just a mastery of traditional Spanish dishes.. . Best Dishes:. The molecular mozzarella with pork belly was fantastic. . The rabbit and garlic mash dish was very garlicy and delicious.. Huevos Estrellados: This dish was a heart attack we had no chance of finishing, but it was delicious. French fries, fried eggs, and chorizo. Wrap your head around that one.. . Not so great dishes:. While I love lobster, and I love pineapple, the lobster-pineapple skewer was too salty/rubbery, and not my favorite.. The gambas/shrimp dish was just cooked shrimp in a bowl of garlic-flavored butter. Really nothing to write home about.. . Dishes run about 10-15 dollars each.  Total bill at the end of the night was under $200 for two of us after a bottle of wine (average price, not vintage, not the cheapest on the menu), enough tapas dishes to really fill us up, and a split dessert.
Every item was heaven . Trust me on the chorizo fries w the fried egg on top. Die.   I mean dreamy delicious perfect yummy ness.
This was one of the best meals I had while I was in Vegas! Everything that I ordered was amazing.  My cousins and I are vegetarian and this restaurant offers a large selection to choose from.  I really really loved the risotto!! The goat cheese stuffed peppers were also pretty amazing.  . Next time I am in Vegas this will be my first meal!
Recently stumbled in here for a late lunch while visiting Vegas. We wanted something light and tapas seemed to be a good way to engage in portion control. . . After wading through the large menu of tasty-sounding things, we ended up with the piquillo peppers (based on our server's enthusiastic recommendation), braised rabbit, and a cheese tray. We rounded everything out with a couple of glasses of verdejo.. . Yeah, I know cheese trays are typically kind of boring, but this one was excellent: four cheeses running that soft-to-hard, mild-to-blue-cheesy spectrum with tasty toast points and a bit of fig for good measure. And it was my first time trying rabbit, which was tender, well-seasoned, and perfectly cooked. I'm a fan, it seems. However, the stars of the show were the piquillo peppers, stuffed with creamy goat cheese and topped with a kind of mole-esque tomato sauce. Even my boyfriend (not a huge tomato fan) was in love with this, to the point that he was really excited to try making a tomato and red pepper soup at home to simulate some of the flavors of this dish.. . Service was great. Prices are high, but it's Vegas. We are definitely going to have to come back for a full meal (the paellas sounded amazing!)
We went early and were not disappointed. The early bird menu offers 3 choices each for an appetizer, main course and dessert. Add in the wine pairings and it's $60 per person.Not bad for a delicious meal of that level. . Service was quick and friendly. Our waiter was very knowledgable about the food and the wine.
I lost count of how many dishes we ordered and what some of them were - but every time something came out of the kitchen, I couldn't get enough. The ceviche was stellar. Mussels were excellent as was the spanish tortilla. I loved the pata negra ham, black rice with lobster and calamari, as well as the iberico sliders. This was probably the best meal I had the whole trip.
Nasim Says EVERYONE must try this place! Out of this world!!. Hands down one of the best restaurants I have been to in Vegas!. . Lobstar salad left me speechless and wanting more. Heirloom baby tomatoes were AHHHHMAZING. The lobster was sooo fresh and succulent. It really can't get better.. . The steak was in a mix of 2 different types of sauces, green and yellow I recall. Another homerun. Moist and tender on par with a 5 star steakhouse.. . Seafood soup I could potenitally see myself enjoying this concotion everyday.They are a little stingy with the seafood though.. . Rabbit with mashed potatoes. So this was my first time trying rabbit so maybe I shouldn't give my opinion on this. Tastes like chicken?. . Sangria (white and red) were both delicious, I could easily say the best I have ever had. Even better than the ones I make at home. . . I don't think you can possibly have anything mediocre at this place. Fun atmosphere in Aria close to the casino. Young vibe. Great Bar and even better food that has some quality and substance to back it up. . . It is alwasy packed so get ready to wait a bit and reservations come highly recommended.
This was one of the best nights/places I have ever had and eaten at.. . I have never had Tapas before, and my boyfriend is a Manager at a high-end hotel and his Director set us up at Julian Serrano's Restraunt when we were in Vegas. Wewere immediatly sat by the general manager and had the menu changed exclusively for us, all COMPD', and at the end of our amazing meal Julian Serrano himself came to greet us at our table and share some insight on the menu and give us both hugs and a kiss on both cheeks!!. .  Truly an amazing expirience. Julian Serrano is a mastermind at Culinary Arts.
ive been to barcelona, palma de mallorca spain... . ive had tapas in SPAIN.. . but i'd rather eat TAPAS @ Julian Serrano!!!!!!!!!!. . Literally everything i have ordered here is good, if not very good.. . The pitchers of sangria are huge. Good for parties of 4... any less, it might be better to order by the glass.. . Highly Recommend:. . Colorado Lamb Chops - order in an entree... they give you two chops. I usually order 2 entrees, they are that good!. . Salmon with Truffle - Mmmmmmmmm. . Ceviche - flavor is perfect, served with Taro chips.. . Oh yeah... & they have the best Paella i've ever had in my life. Be sure to bring a friend, or 5 if you order the Paella. its huge!!. . one of my fav places in vegas!
Best tapas is town. The seviche is the best. Prices are not bad. Great service and location.
I wish Julian Serrano had a restaurant in the Bay. I would be there one too many times. . . This place completely pulls you in, it speaks to you, its so inviting with its shiny decor and willowy Tim Burton-esque trees. Every single tapas was made with perfect care and tenderness, we ordered about 4-5 dishes... ceviche, scallops, something beefy on a skewer. The only thing I would've reselected would be the paella--the combination of rabbit, chicken and sausage didn't feel or taste right. Rabbit- what a weird mental picture, I only nibbled on what I thought was rabbit, tasted like chicken with less flavor, it felt so wrong yet still so wrong.. . Next time, I would order their seafood paella instead. Their strong expresso shot with their hardened sugar pop made exclusively for coffee skinny dipping was a nice finishing touch, for this is what got me from here to our next destination- Haze, one level down. Boy did I need it. I was in satiety heaven.  . . I love it here. I love tapas and I love Julian Serrano. Three thumbs, way way up.
What a wonderful dinner experience in Las Vegas. I highly recommend this restaurant because it really offers a unique food experience while being moderately priced. Julian Serrano has a variety of options to choose from depending on the level of your appetite (tapas to full meals). I would definitely return
Excellent tapas.  Great service.. . Came here with my bachelorette crew of 12 and the manager offered to create us a custom menu if we just named our price.  Someone threw out $75 per person (thinking this included only food and not tax and tip) and we proceeded to receive a feast.  There were more courses than I could count (and much more than we could finish) and everything was really delicious.  We also had a few hearty pitchers of sangria to go around.  The experience was great and I would definitely recommend this place to a larger group on their trip to Vegas.
My wife and I ate at Julian Serrano's on 6/18/12. This was a top notch dining experience. They have an extensive wine list. We asked the Sommelier for guidance with a Spanish wine that would resemble an Oregon Pinot. She did a perfect job. We had several Tapas that were delicious. We shared the Mixed Paella and what a treat. For dessert we had the molten lava chocolate also very good. My wife ordered the Absinthe and they brought over a contraption that serves the Absinthe with sugared water. Totally cool and my wife enjoyed it very much. Julian Serrano is one of the better food experiences I have had. Definitely not cheap, but well worth it. My wife and I felt completey perfect after our meal.
Ohhh, Julian Serrano, how we love thee! My family and I had never been too partial to tapas, but Mr. Serrano has forever ingrained his delectable recipes into our "Vegas Hall of Fame.". But, really. JS is one of our favorite lunch options in Vegas and for good reason! We have been here twice and both times have cemented themselves into my mind, directly wiring themselves in my brain to the drooling mechanism..... Okay, enough with the gushing, let's get down to business: . . Ambiance/Appearance:. . This is one heck of a dazzling restaurant inside of Aria. JS is delightfully colorful and has a welcoming yet upscale ambiance mood in the air. The hostess/seating staff is friendly and we've never had to wait to be seated, even on a weekend. The seating is comfy and, if in view of the bar area, you can catch up on your favorite sporting game/ESPN. I usually don't mention bathrooms in my reviews..but they have nifty Spanish lessons on the speakers while you do your business. . ...Soooo multicultural. . . Service:. Service has always been 4.5 stars. Only complaint is that water refills can be a bit delayed..and I drink a lot of water. No worries, though! This minor drawback is overshadowed by the knowledgeable waitstaff and accommodating manager (later on). . . FOOOOOD:. . Julian Serrano has such a wide array of Spanish tapas, it can almost be a bit daunting when you first open the menu. The prices are extremely reasonable for Las Vegas, no less for such a fabulous restaurant. We have had our fair share of tapas, and I seem to remember the following (** designating favorites): . . **--Ahi Tuna Tempura: Fresh Ahi with just the slightest tempura crusting..not this thick coating that other places are enamored with that overpowers the tuna flavor. I want to say there are approximately 3 or 4 decently sized pieces. Great for a table of four! . . --Bunuelos de Bacalao: Essentially fried cod, but this fried cod was pretty tasty. It came with a nice potato puree that complimented the Atlantic cod quite nicely. If I had to pick between this and the tuna, though, I pick the Ahi Tuna every time. . . --Papas Bravas: Good potatoes, but I actually found this dish very boring. I wouldn't order it again. . . --Huevos Estrellados: Uses the above potatoes, but has Spanish chorizo and fried, runny egg mixed throughout to create an interesting, homogeneous mixture of egg, salty chorizo, and the potatoes. My dad LOVES this dish, but I found it semi-average, mostly because I don't like runny eggs! If you're a fan of that, then this dish is right up your alley. . . **--Stuffed Piquillo Peppers: OMG. I don't like pulling out the "OMG" card very often...but... OMG. These are so amazing. Maybe because I'm such a sucker for good goat cheese...and this has excellent goat cheese stuffed within the sliced peppers. I had never had a piquillo pepper before, and I'm kicking myself for wasting so many years not stuffing my face with these lovely red peppers. So delicious! . . **--Creamy Risotto: Consisting of wild mushrooms and aged manchego, mmmm. My mom orders this each time and I make sure to get my fair share. The manchego makes this item as good as it is. . . --Chicken Croquetas: Fried in the same way as a lightly breaded cheese stick (the only analogy I can think of). The base inside is a creamy Bechamel sauce. I can't remember too much about these otherwise. Still good! Give these a shot. . . **--Beef & Cheese: GETTT THISSSS. This may sound like the most unappetizing, boring name for a dish EVER; however, this is perhaps my favorite item we get each time. This was some of the most tender steak I've had in my years (and I've eaten at my fair share of steakhouses-- take a look at my review for SW Steakhouse at Wynn for my feelings about that!). . . --Pintxo de Chorizos: The pork was too tough for our liking...maybe we just caught them on a bad day. Skip this one unless you're a huge fan of marinated pork chorizo. We let our waiter know that we weren't big fans of this, and he took it away, and the manager came over and took it off the bill and apologized profusely. No worries, Neil Patrick Harris twin! (Seriously. This guy is a carbon copy of NPH). . . . DESSERTS:. (~View my picture uploads for a peek at these desserts). . **--Churros: Served with a spicy chocolate sauce. Delicious churros. Being from the Southwest, I was a bit skeptical to try these...but my family loves Julian's take on churros! Crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. Give these teardrop-shaped, fried pastries a try. . . --Flan: Creamy and over too liquid-y like some can be. Had a delicious fruit ensemble atop the flan with most berries. . . --Bunuelos: Pretty much like beignet donuts. We also enjoy these. Served with a butterscotch type of sauce...mm. I still prefer the churros, though! . . TIP: This place can get packed on weekend dinners. Call during the day for reservations. . . Bottom line: I can't wait to go back to get my tapas fix.
We stopped here two day's in a row.   Diane loved it!  One of the reason's I love Tapas Style dining is that allows people to try new things without feeling intimidated. We sat the bar, had a few drinks and tried a bunch of different treats. Since they were small and we were sharing, Diane had no problem trying dishes she would never have ordered on her own. We tried things with "Molecular" Mozzarella and Pineapple as well as, Pork Belly and Habenero Peppers. Diane enjoyed things so much, she suggested our return trip, which I gladly agreed to. Our Bartenders and Servers were fantastic, especially Primo, who kept us fed, lubricated and entertained for several hours!. . . EDIT. Just to clarify, The Bar itself is still not wheelchair accessible, but I adapted the situation by using an adjacent chair as my "table".
Julian Serrano, where have you been all my life? Recently had a ladies weekend in Vegas and a friend made reservations at this amazing restaurant in the Aria. We were all starving after a day at the spa and begged the waiter to bring plates out as they were ready. They were bringing plates out in what felt like seconds. And everything was amazing, but the highlights for me were the coca vegetarian, the stuffed piquillo peppers, and the churros. (Good number of items for vegetarians, by the way.) My mouth is watering now. Back to Vegas. Must go back to Vegas.
As reticent as I am to dole out five stars, I've got to say: Julian Serrano at the Aria is truly a five star experience. The quality of food in comparison to the price, combined with atmosphere, make this a great Strip restaurant. . . While Julian Serrrano lacks the great location (not a high floor, no views or windows) of other highly-touted celebrity chef restaurants in the Strip, it certainly does not suffer from subpar decor or ambience. Tables are spaced nicely apart, chairs are large and comfy, and the tables are big enough to promote tapas-style dining of multiple small plates shared amongst a group of people. . . Having had the real deal in Spain, I found that Julian Serrano stayed close enough to the real deal to pay proper homage to the tapas' heritage while still playing up to the level and diversity of palates you'll find on the strip. . . The pan tomate didn't shy away from liberal use of garlic, as most Americanized Spanish restaurants would. And the mixed olive plate was done in a decidedly citrusy brine with young, powerful green olives that offered great character and in-your-face brightness. . . The mushroom risotto was spot on, the arborio rice cooked to leave the perfect amount of tooth still on the grains (the pasta equivalent of al dente). We also very much enjoyed the truffled salmon, cheese plate and Spanish 'pizetttas'. . . Service throughout the evening was pretty impeccable: well-spaced, attentive, but not intrusive. What I also liked is that with the restaurant not garnering some of the popularity as other A-list chefs on the strip, Julian Serrano is neither too crowded or loud. It's all just right, and makes for a great experience.
Came here on a Saturday night in July for a bachelorette party. Groups of 9 girls can be challenging...but not for Julian Serrano. We arranged for a set menu with Sangria ahead of time and were pleasantly surprised to have personalized menus and an amazing table upon arrival. The entire staff treated us like VIPS and the food was absolutely wonderful. It was a great experience an I know we are all looking forward to going back!
Gaspacho - very good, beet soup with goat cheese - mmmmmmmm I can still taste it, Vegas at it's finest!
The white ceviche was epic. Only $11 too! My girlfriend and I stopped by here because we were craving ceviche. This seemed like the only place on the strip that had ceviche!
Very expensive but I do believe that you get what you pay for so this restaurant certainly did a good job on the quality of the dishes and service. We came late on a monday night and the restaurant is about 3/4 full, waited about 5 minutes for a table. we ordered the following:. . Tuna Cones: ahi tuna filled inside won ton, very very good! . . white ceviche: white fish, goes great with the chips. . pan tomate: toasted bread with fresh garlic tomato sauce very good!. . traditional spanish chicken croquetas |. . grilled angus flat iron steak . . grilled lamb chop. . lobster saffron. . marinera PAELLAS, the best I ever had outside spain! they say the portion is for 2 ppl but I think it is more than enough for 4 ppl!. . . Overall a great dinning experience here and will come back when I win big at the casinos!
I stopped in for a late lunch and sat at the bar. The wait staff was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. I dig paella, but all the paella dishes were for 2 so I got a shrimp tapas dish and the seafood rice. The shrimp was good, a little spice in it and nice and fresh. The rice turned out to be basically paella for one and was a good size for lunch. Would love to go back for dinner again.
The owner is very friendly! I even got to take a picture with him.. . Honestly, when my bf brought me here. I thought I wouldn't like it because I like to eat in big portion...Shockingly, their papas, lamb chops and chicken (i forgot what it was I remember it was a chicken) filled me..Expensive but tasty!!! Will definitely come back for the lamb chops!
Absolutely amazing.  A girlfriend and I went here for dinner and were very impressed.  We ordered the mushroom risotto, spicy potatoes, oxtail, and colorado lamb.  The oxtail was to die for, I could have ordered seven.  The sangria had that slight hint of strawberry and cinnamon and was absolutely delicious.  We regretfully did not order the paella, but the couple next to us did and it looked stunning.  I will absolutely come back here every time I'm in vegas.
Came here for a quick dinner during my recent stay at the Aria. Hostess was very accommodating and our server was a very nice/honest guy. First off, very impressed with the decor. We ordered: Pan Manchego, padron peppers, avocado cannelloni, tuna cones, huevos estrellados, steamed mussels..I think that's it. Everything was pretty good, could've passed on the tuna cones though. However, the Pan Manchego was out of this world, simply AMAZING! I wish I had just ordered like 8 rounds of that instead of everything else. A close second was easily the steamed mussels because the broth was so good that you could literally just drink it, also it was pretty good portion/size. Would definitely reommend the huevos estrellados but might be a little heavy for some.
Julian Serrano is wonderful. We sat at the bar and our bartender Jason rocks! Everything we ordered (5 Tapas dishes) was fresh and wonderful. I wish I had more room, but it was so yummy!
So Fantastic!  One of our best stops in Vegas!. . Great Staff, awesome service.  Each plate was better than the next!  We even ordered items twice!  The risotto was amazing and I still think about it!  Yes, I know that sounds weird but its true.. . Thank you for an incredible experience!
One word to describe this place amazing!!! Loved the atmosphere and the Staff was excellent! Loved the modern design and warm palette decor of Julian Serrano. I was amazed by the beautiful restrooms, which were covered from floor to ceiling with shimmering mosaic tiles and they even had Spanish lessons playing on the speakers (I had never seen or heard of restrooms with lessons). . . The food was amazing as well. Our servers were very helpful and answer all our questions that we had about Tapas. First time having Tapas so we had a lot of questions. We were very happy with their suggestions. At first I didn't' think these small plates were going to fill me up but I was wrong. My favorites included: . .              -Red Sangria: this drink was so refreshing.. .              - White Ceviche:  this dish was so yummy! I usually not a big fan of Ceviche but this one was so tasty. I loved the lime taste.. .              - Papas Bravas: I loved them so much!!! YUMMY!!!. .              -Creamy Risotto: this was so good and tasty. I LOVE mushrooms and this was a perfect with manchego.. .              -Chicken Croquetas: this was yummy and I enjoyed them.. .              -Gambas: very good and flavorful shrimps with garlic and arbol chilies.. . I loved this place and can't wait to come back!!!!
Wow, what a great restaurant.  After nine dishes 8 of the 9 were 5 star!  All dishes were very flavorful and plentiful for several people.  The black Cherry martini was also a hit.  The food came out promptly and the French waiter with red hair was pleasant.  Be prepared to spend a little but well worth it.
OH-EM-GEE. This restaurant has made such an impression on my taste buds! I had mostly everything the table ordered, but I have to say the Lobster Gazpacho was divine, as was the Ceviche mixto and the Paella mixta. Red and White sangrias were delicious. What a treat to have been able to dine at this place while staying at the Aria Hotel Resort & Casino. . . I have every intention of going back there!
tapas restaurant inside of Aria.  I LOVE this place.  I have been there twice now and each time, I continue to enjoy it.  Great service and very tasty tapas, like ones you would find in Spain.  My favorites have continued to be the octopus, squid, which is grilled to perfection, patatas bravas (cube-shaped fries with a tasty and spiced pimenton/paprika-like sauce), and grilled flat-iron steak (so moist and juicy!).  They have really good and decently-strong red sangria, and if you are a fan of fruity drinks, their white sangria is nice too.  Feel free to ask for a sample... they do give them out.  Again, great service.  Really enjoyed Daniel!
As always, the best ceviche in town. The papas with spicy tomato sauce were great. The service, amazing. It was 11pm and this placed was packed. We will be back.
What a well run restaurant. I went here the last two night in a row it was so good. I think this is my top 5 favorites now.   The food and service were outstanding.  I love tapas style because you get to try so many more favors, and these dishes were all full of them. Don't leave without ordering the foie gras, spectacular.  Over two nights I tried 6 or 7 dishes, everyone spectacular.  The seared scallop was better then the crudo one though.  The presentation and attention to detail was magnificent. How they maintain these high standards In a busy restaurant with such quick service is a testament to the management here, they really are doing a great job.  While not cheap, there are so many worse ways to spend your money in this town.  I could eat here every night for the rest of my life and be happy.   This really is a don't miss destination. Also, the servers were super friendly, and the restaurant was very well staffed. I would go here for a third night if I didn't have a reservation elsewhere. I'll be back.
Love this place the red sangria is amazing!! the lamb chops are even more amazing!!! omg im craving it now!! Love you Julian Serrano!!
Excellent food. Great service. Fine wine.
Julian Serrano is amazing! I would give this 10 stars if that was an option! . . Initially, I didn't even want to go here..... because my first impression was that it was going to be tiny servings with a fancy bow & big $$$ tag, that would leave me still hungry for more. Boy, was I wrong! Every dish ordered was prepared and cooked to perfection. Bursts of flavor, fabulous presentation, reasonable portions, and just overall a wonderful experience for the tastebuds. Love the decor & ambiance too. . . Below are a few comments on the dishes I will be crawling back for :) And please note: I did not try all of the below in one sitting. The list includes dishes tried on 3 different sittings :) . . MUST HAVES! . - Tuna Cones - this was my favorite dish! I wanted another order! But btw, i think it's only available at dinner. I didn't see it available on their lunch menu :( . - Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - so delish! especially if you like goat cheese & mushrooms. Was my second favorite dish! . - Ahi Tuna Tempura - maybe because I love both Ahi Tuna & Tempura, but I thought this was just scrumptious. - Tuna Raspberry Skewers - a nice twist of flavors. . - White Ceviche - this ceviche was divine! My only complaint was it was a bit heavy on the lime, but then again I'm just not a lime fan ;) . - Spanish Chicken Croquetas - kinda like fried mozzarella stick, but with chicken & creamy bechamel sauce! I really liked this. Note: I luv creamy/cheesy stuff.  . - Grilled Lamp Chops - very tasty & tender. . GOOD!, but nothing to scream about: . - Wild Mushroom Soup - again, it was really GOOD! but I would prefer getting a second order of something above if given a choice :) . - Lobster Salad . - Lobster Saffron. - Beef & Cheese. - Padron Peppers - i felt like it was a bit too salty (this coming from someone who LOVES salt!) Also, it's probably more ideal as a sampler dish for a large party. For my table of 2, I felt like I had enough after a few bites, and felt padron pepper'd out by the time we finished the plate :op. - Brava Potatoes - don't get me wrong, it was delicious. but as it's a pretty filling dish, i just felt that these were not out of this world, and I'd rather fill up on one of the many other tapas choices they have to offer. . Overall, it was so delicious. Can't wait to head back here soon!! :oD
No complaints here.  Enjoyed muscles, octopus, croquettes and all were great.  The muscles were quite generous in size and in flavour.  Followed that up with a mixed paella which was delicious and a meal in itself.  No room for desert which I'm always ok with.
This has been one of my favorite meals in Vegas to date! It's such a fun tapas restaurant with great service. My only major critique would be that I felt the plates came out a little quickly. Would have been nice to enjoy the courses a little bit more as they came out, we felt a little rushed. . . My favorites. - Scallops. - Ahi Tempura. - Asparagus. - Steak. - Lamb Chop. - Chicken Croquetas. . Word of Warning. - The plate of peppers is not for those with a sensitive to heat, the same witht he La Bamba Meatballs. WHOA!. - Desert was good but not my favorite. We tried the churros, donut holes and pound cake with the three dipping sauces a spicy chocolate, sweet caramel and a strawberry yogurt blend. Good but nothing to rave about. Stick with the savory items here. . . Overall, a great tapas experience, amazing food and speedy service.
Best tapas I've ever had! Customer service is good.
Ive been dreaming of the The stuffed Piquillo Pepper & the Ahi-Tuna Tempura!! Both were amazing!
I can' t say enough great things about this restaurant - everything is great about this spot.  Fantastic servers, great bartenders, terrific menu and high quality everything.. . My first dinner / drink visit was so wonderful that I returned for a second meal there in under 24 hours.  I was craving their Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, risotto and brava potatoes too badly to stay away.. . This is a classy place - it looks beautiful and will be sure to treat you and your pals incredibly well.  I'm looking forward to getting back there for another great meal and some bartender bonding (these guys know their stuff, super fun to sit at the bar with).
Wow this place was so freaking good!!!! Seriously loved it.. . We started out with pitchers of sangria - both the white and the red were fantastic.  I may have liked the white a tiny bit more, but the red was really good too.. . . We ordered a ton of tapas, but my favorites were the meatballs, scallops, pan manchego, and the sliders.  But everything we ate was delicious,those were just highlights.. . The service was great, the restaurant was well decorated, and it was nice to get to see the Aria hotel! Highly recommend.
This is my favorite place to eat. This place couldn't have been better. Fansastic!
I tried about 5 or 6 different tapas and they were all amazing! Small in size but BIG in taste. It worked out perfectly for the occasion. It was my first restaurant of this type and it was a great experience.
This place is so gorgeous and great location.  We went for a girls weekend before our show.  Made a reservation ahead of time and our table was ready right when we arrived.  Food is absolutely amazing!!  The paella says it serves two, but it easily served 5 of us, especially when you are noshing on all the various tapas before it arrives.
Been here multiple times on various trips and always had fantastic experiences. The decor is snazzy and the room feels very open and festive, plus it has a terrific location right off the Aria registration desk. The bar area is very large and the bar staff has always been spot-on. . . The menu is extensive and has terrific variety. Favorites are the albondigas (Spanish meatballs), the grilled octopus on solid potato cakes, and the cheese selection. Everything is colorfully presented and plated. I'm a particular fan of the white sangria, which is refreshing rather than heavy and overly sweet. It's certainly not cheap, but given the quality and the setting, it's worth it for a Vegas splurge.
Best tapas around. We had ceviche, seared scallops, ahi tuna tempura, brucetta all excellent and taste. We sat at the the bar & the bartender was very knowledgeable. recommended most of our dishes.
Always good!!!!!!
Visited on a busier night than last time and again walked away impressed. Service and food were outstanding. We were celebrating our anniversary and got the memorable meal we were looking for. Sommelier was a bit pretentious but our server was great. Wild mushroom risotto, squid ink rice, and albondigas were standouts.
Excellent dining experience, and by far the best place I ate at during my vacation. I've never had tapas before, and these are certainly some of the best you can possibly get. Went with a group of 3 of us, and tried a little bit of everything (the filet mignon, scallops, potatoes, cheese platters, mushroom risotto, etc) and I don't think there was a single thing we wouldn't get again. Service was excellent, and the atmosphere was very relaxed. We went 2/13/13 for dinner at around 6:30pm and the place wasn't full at all, but it did fill up by the time we left. If I go back to Las Vegas, this is a place I will certainly frequent again.
The food that great chefs are made of, together with attentive and helpful service. Ideal for a post show dinner. Tapas are outstanding - the Gambas, Foie Gras, Patatas Bravas would hold their own in Andalusia. This is the fine dining is Vegas is renowned for.
Ohh Julian, where should I start? Possibly with the Potatoes which absolutely melt in your mouth. As a Vegas local, I have been to a variety of different dining establishments. Off the strip, my favorite tapas place is Firefly. If you are on a budget and want tapas comparable to Julian, hit up Firefly. If you want the quality, variety and are not concerned about your wallet check out Julian. I have no complaints :)
After a disappointing lunch, we decided to live it up with some tapas. Tapas, for us at least, are a little exquisite, with good variety... and expensive. Julian Serrano about sums up these principals, but even as tapas go this place is real good.. . We ordered four dishes here which filled us up, although we were looking for a light meal so it worked out. We got the Croquetas chicken, calamari, white ceviche and papas bravas. Everything was delicious, although the white ceviche was the clear winner while everything else was a tied for second runner up with no weak dishes to be had. A great experience with a very friendly waiter as well, making this the star eat of our Vegas trip.. . As long as you are prepared for the tapas experience, can't go wrong with Julian Serrano.
By far my favorite tapas restaurant! Took a girls trip to Vegas with 8 girls and we all loved it!! Everything was top notch! Each item we tried was amazing! Everything from their sangria to dessert is recommended. I don't think you can go wrong with any selection. We wanted to try everything so we even went back the following day; which is unheard of in Vegas. If you enjoy tapas, then this should be your first stop in Vegas!!!
Actually we were wanting to visit the restaurant next door and since that was closed for lunch we decided to try the tapas here. We ordered the Valenciana Paellas & the grilled lamb chops. Both of them were flavorful & exquisite. Service was very good as well. Will definitely return for another visit whenever in Vegas.
BEST DINING ECPERIENCE!!! The food and wine was exqisite and the service was over the top. This was our first time here an we had no idea what to order. The waiter was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu as well as the wine menu. We we're NOT dissapointed at all. Definitly recommending this restaurants to all of our friends!!
We ate here prior to attending the Zarkana show this past weekend.  I was really impressed with the food and service.  The bartender serving us, I believe his name was Premo, was so attentive and funny.  He made our experience all the better.  I would definitely go back the next time we are in town.
I wish I had a place like this where I lived. Good simple foods, nice service, and not to upscale but classy enough to have atmosphere. I have never had a bad meal here, and the drinks are fantastic! The tile work in the place is really nice, and be sure to try their Foie Gras! Outstanding! Everyone we have sent here has loved it!
Add to the list of entrees you can't pass up: the mussels. So, so tasty. Also don't miss the Spanish tortilla (eggs, potatoes, carmelized onion) and the albondigas.
Amazing simply the best Spanish food I have had so far in the US. The ceviche is mind blowing. Came here 2 nights in a row!
Fan-frickin-tastic.. . I admit I went to this more than a year ago but our meal still stands out as one of our better Vegas dining experiences.. . The 'atmosphere' is a bit odd, just between the Cosmopolitan and Aria but the food and great service make up for any oddity.. . I know I should have taken notes because I can't remember what we had, but I doubt there's a 'miss' on the list, just go for it.
Had multiple foodgasms.. . Living in Spain for a while, I have to say I've had better Tapas here than I did back in some places in Spain.. . I got the croquettes, potatoes, white anchovy tapas, stuffed dates (OMFG), and then finished it off with Churros con chocolate (OMG x2). . Words cannot express the feelings I got when I was eating all of this food.. . Too bad it's pricey and 2,000 miles away from my home, because I'd come back here every weekend.
Recently was in Vegas for a roller derby game, and a group from my team came here for dinner.. . We had a 9:30 reservation, and showed up with 4 of the 6.  They still seated us, and brought us drinks.  We went with a sangria, which was delicious, and got our evening started off right!. . The other two in our party ending up being really quite late, so we went forward and ordered food.  They were very patient and pleasant when the remaining party members did show up.. . Here's some things that the table ordered:. . Goat Cheese Salad. Tuna-Raspberry Skewer. White Ceviche (YES.). Black Rice (So good!). Brava Potatoes . Asparagus. Creamy Risotto (Must have.). Stuffed Dates (We almost ordered another, so good!). . They have an entire vegetarian / vegan menu, so don't be shy about asking.  Also, we didn't partake in them, but the paellas looked AMAZING that were going out to the other tables.. . Overall, we had a great experience.  Pleasant wait staff, delicious food and drinks, great atmosphere.  Definitely would return.
Excellent food! Ahi tuna cones and white ceviche were amazing, so was the rib eye. Great service too!
From atmosphere to food to service- from drinks to tapas- Julian Serrano is a must when even close to the Aria Casino. If you are a fan of Spanish tapas, you will be as close to heaven as you will ever be. We are huge fans of tapas, the smaller portions and the many flavors that will explode on your taste buds. So many varieties and all of the tapas were beautifully presented on great, long rectangular plates that facilitated the three of us getting to all that was available. Favorites included the Spanish tortilla de patata, the octopus, the scallops, the ceviche was so delicious. We tried everything we thought we would like including the lamb, and then because we had a great rapport  with our waiter, we let him pick some of his favorites for us to try. . We had reservations for 9pm and ate easily for at least 2 and a half hours, as a matter of fact, we actually closed the restaurant down and were never made to feel that we were a bother. It was a birthday celebration, and they brought the most beautiful plate complete with candle! (see pictures) Rarely will you find a restaurant that gets all of it right- but at Julian Serrano all of the stars aligned for us to give us a perfect meal.
Great Tapas
AMAZING thank you yelp for allowing me to find this place bu its amazing reviews. We went here Wednesday night this restaurants is located in the Aria hotel. I looked to see the items that you MUST order and i did and was extremely impressed. I started with the lobster salad omg lobster was cooked just perfectly and a decent portion too. Also the fish ceviche very good, and their advertisement has the tuna lollipops. that you just must try i cannot explain how good they are. Also the salmon with the truffle sauce and mushrooms. Great place a must try if you are a foodie !
Wow! Tapas and service galore. Make sure you ask for April, then start with a glass of Spanish Red wine.  When you start your order, keep these specialties in mind., goat cheese salad, mushroom risotto, tuna cones, salmon truffle.... Need I go on.... We will be back!
Yum! Love this place and will definitely return! Everything was delicious and service was fast.. . faves:. white ceviche. gambas. spanish sliders
I am a slut for patatas bravas. It's the truth. That spicy aioli, the potatoes...crispy on the outside, velvet on the inside. It doesn't really get any better than that. . . Oh wait, it does! . . When patatas bravas are joined by a nice glass of wine, the delctable, savory paquetitos (manchego and artichoke mixture wrapped with JAMON), a  BOWL OF HOT, GLISTENING CHORIZO, and a handsome smiling man...I become THE BIGGEST SLUT IN THE WORLD. What's that touching your crotch? Oh, nothing. JUST MY HANDS. . . JK JK JK . . But really, I had a lovely time here. A lovely time that was made even lovelier with my smartly dressed hunk of a boyfriend. . The staff got a nice, fat tip, because they were positively PLEASANT, despite the madness of a busy lunchtime crowd. . . A few negatives: . . - I like chairs with backs, I found the stool situation to be a little uncomfortable. - the space is TOOO small! Yes, it's intimate, but I shouldn't have to be grinding with strangers as I wait for seating!
Amazing food. Got the ceviche, patatas bravas and some cocktails and we were very happy campers. Great staff. They manage to create a great atmosphere despite the fact that you're dining in a mall.
The food here is DE-LISH-OUS.. . We stumbled upon Julian Serrano after previous dinner plans had fallen through.  They were able to squeeze in our table of 7 without a reservation.. . At the bar, they have three types of Sangria, red, white and blush.  Of course, I tried the red sangria which was probably one of the best I've tried.  It was not too sweet which means less of a headache later in the night or in the morning.. . Here's what we went with:.       -Octupus:  Octopus on top of potato in a butter paprika sauce.       - Black Rice: Calamari, lobster, sofrito and squid ink.       -Mixed Paella: lobster, chicken, mussels, chorizo, veggies. . The tapas where some of the best I've ever had and the Black Rice was the star of the show.  It was so different and so good, I can't think of anything I could compare it to.  The Paella was good, but not great.  I would recommend spending your money on the extensive tapa selection that is available.
Fabulous. Expensive. But fabulous.. . We ate here a few weeks ago during a tour of the grand loop. We opted for the early theater menu with wine pairing. Definitely a great experience.. . Started with lobster gazpacho (awesome!), and chicken croquettes for the other half. Then salmon for one, pork chop sous vide for the other (both fabulous, pork with dried fruit and some amazing sauce concoction).. . Molten chocolate cake was only topped by the santiago cake, both are, like, to die for, so to speak. A well paired glass of wine with each course, the red being the best of the three.. . All in all, $39 pre-fixe + $19 wine pairing, you're talking like $150 tax and tip. For a fabulous three course meal and wine in Vegas, I'd say it's not too bad. Friendly service to boot. Definitely a treat.. . Thanks for listening!
If you have the chance, eat here. It is the best food I've had for under $60/pp. BY FAR.. . We ate at Julian Serrano on a Monday night. We had made a reservation prior to sitting down and only had to wait a few minutes before being seated. We were a large group, so we ordered a lot. I'll go dish-by-dish and tell you what we thought of every item we ordered.. . Heirloom Tomato Salad: This was excellent, albeit expensive. It's essentially four tomatoes with a mozzarella ice cream on top (really more like a very creamy mozzarella). It's two bites per piece, but those two bites are absolutely incredible. 9/10.. . Steak Tartare: Delicious. Thestrip of steak tartare is very flavorful, as are the chips on top. The crunch is very nice and really counters the softer texture of the steak well. 9/10.. . Yellowtail "Tiradito": Three pieces of yellowtail with sweet potato crisps in the middle. I don't even like sweet potato. But this was the best dish of the night. The fish is magnificently flavorful, and it literally melts in your mouth. If you're going to Julian Serrano, you NEED to get one of these. 10/10.. . White Ceviche: There is a but of a spice to this, and the fish is certainly flavorful. It's very good, though not extraordinary. There really isn't anything wrong with it; it just doesn't have the wow factor of the other dishes that we ordered. 7.5/10.. . Tuna Carpaccio: The worst of the dishes we ordered. The tuna has a great texture but lacked flavor. It could have used some more seasoning, and the pine nuts and capers don't add much to it. 6/10.. . Salmon with Truffle: The salmon is lightly cooked and the truffle sauce is delicious. The proportions of the different components are perfect and the truffle bechamel adds great flavor to the fish. 9/10.. . Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas: These were delicious, but I'm not so sure they were worth the price. Still, they were so moist and delicious that I would highly recommend them. 8.5/10.. . Spanish Iberico Sliders: Not your everyday sliders. The beef, pork, and onions mix perfectly with the lettuce and tomato, and together they make up the best sliders I've ever eaten. 9.5/10.. . Short Ribs: Delicious, melt-in-your-mouth flavor. They are ridiculously flavorful and tender. We ate the short ribs at Aureole the night before, and these were even tastier than the ones at Aureole. Highly recommended, 9.5/10.. . Service was consistently great as well, especially for a casual place like Julian Serrano.
Delicious restaurant, everything in Vegas is pricey, but I didn't think it was that bad here. The quality of both food and drinks were worth it. Loved their white sangria!
I am a huge tapas fan.  So of course, I had to take Mom here for her ongoing birthday weekend celebration.  Everything here was perfect -- the decor, the service, and of course, the food!. . First of all, the decor is very classy -- fancy yet inviting.  Secondly, the service was excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive and patient, answering all of my questions and letting us take our time ordering without rushing us at all.  And at the end he even surprised my mom with a birthday dessert!. . And finally, the food! Yes, the food... Every dish we ordered tasted so good. Every dish was so pretty, so delicate, and tasted so yummy.  Here's what we ordered:. . --Tuna-raspberry skewer: almost too pretty to eat!  But each bite is burst with flavor!. --Stuffed dates: sooo good.  Just the right mix of sweetness and savoriness. And the cheese was blended perfectly with the dates along with the crispy texture of pancetta... Wow, one of the best I've had!. --White ceviche: Wow, the ceviche comes with taro chips!  TARO chips! That was a every pleasant surprise! I love taros!  The fish was fresh and light with just the right amount of tartness... --Fried calamari: Very crispy but with the perfect amount of batter.  Tasted so light yet so flavorful.. --Pan tomate: Simple dish yet nice blend of toasted bread with tomato sauce and garlic season.. yum!. --Red sangria: One of the best I've had, although I am not much of a drinker :P. . --And the complementary birthday dessert! Santiago's Cake:  The subtle nutty flavor of the almond cake and turron ice cream -- OMG sooo good!  And we thought we had no room for dessert! It was too good not to finish... :). . Like I said, it was a perfect meal! I would definitely come here again the next time I am in Vegas!
Had dinner here with the wife and it was amazing. We ordered the following:. Black rice, tuna cones, brava potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, rabo de toro, molten chocolate cake and the churros. Everything we ordered was very good. Would definitely be back the next time we're in town
Easily the BEST tapas restaurant and bar i have ever been to!!. . When i found out there was an upscale Spanish Tapas spot in Vegas I was very excited!!. . It's located inside the amazing Aria Hotel and Casino.. . I am a huge fan of the food, concept and culture. Julian Serrano 110% exceeded my expectations.. . The atmosphere was very cool. . . Staff was very friendly, attentive and accommodating.. . I ordered the Piquillo Peppersstuffed with Goat Cheese and Mushroom, the Calamari with an incredible Aioli, the Salmon atop a Portabella Mushroom with a Truffle Bechamel, the Chicken Croquet's and the Red Sangria.. . I was thoroughly pleased with every dish. The flavors and taste were out of this world!!. . The esthetics of the restaurant were very modern. The music played in the background was a hip Spanish style.. . I will most definitely return to this restaurant to try the rest of the menu ASAP!!!
Out of about 10 trips to Vegas, I think I've finally found my favorite LV restaurant in Julian Serrano. After coming here for my 30th birthday dinner (what a great choice upon coincidence) we decided to come back the next night before our red-eye. I'm obsessed with their cheese platter and have found a new favorite cheese with their new monte enebro .. AMAZE.. . Mozzarella ice cream? Whaaaaat. I thought my friend was brave to give this "Heirloom Tomato salad" a try, then was overly consumed with jealousy when I tasted it and wished I got one for myself (I got one the next night, don't you worry). This is a dish that proves to have a top-notch chef behind it. So creative, mind-blowing, and just absolutely delicious.. . Goat cheese (can you go wrong with anything involving goat cheese?) and tomato marmalade cake... just get it. Like the Mozzarella ice cream, this dish was created by a mastermind. Interesting blend of flavors and textures... you have to try it.. . The spanish pizza AKA Coca Vegetarian was alright, but did not compare to my other dishes. I usually avoid all fish in Vegas because it just never seems as fresh as the Boston-right-off-the-water seafood I'm used to. However, I did give the fried fish of the day a try, aka bunuelo, since it's fried I figured how can that go wrong...but as usual it just did not taste right. My boyfriend got a bunch of red meat-related dishes that he loved as well, and my friends all enjoyed the same dishes as I.. . Sangria was also unique with a hint of cinnamon. I wish I could make Julian Serrano a regular spot in my rotation, but it will just have to wait til my next trip to Vegas!
Cannot come to Las Vegas, and not come to my favorite restaurant of all time.. . The tapas here will leave you speechless.. Las Vegas has become one of the new food meccas in the world.  This place makes that list.  The food, presentation and quality ingredients will want you coming back for more.. . They recommend usually 3-4 tapas per person, well sorry - I had 14 (not including dessert)  . the must haves: . . the fish ceviche. the pulpo. the gambas al ajillo. the beef tartare - was phenomenal. the manchego lollipops. the meatballs. the dates with manchego and tomato marmalade (I would like them better without the marmalade) but that's a personal choice.. . The sangria (white, red, bubbly) was some of the best ever.. . For dessert - the churros! OMG. . you may  have had tapas many times, but not like this... even the ones mentioned above have a special treat, presentation or spin.  you will love. I want more please.
Had dinner here a few nights ago. Everything was outstanding! The stuffed dates and iberico sliders were awesome. Also the sommelier was very helpful.
I'm coming off of a yelp hiatus to write this review! We went here last Friday for my friend's bachelorette dinner and it was absolutely amazing to say the least. Everything we had was amazing. We had the ceviche and it was hands down the best I've ever had. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The service was exceptional as well, the manager even came by and gave our party some desserts. Loved the ambiance and everything about this place. Will definitely be back when in Vegas!
This is a wonderful and a competent restaurant with great food and a very competent staff. The best part is that one does not get "sticker shock" when handed the bill. We had a wonderful meal at a very reasonable price.
Went here with another couple during our recent trip to Las Vegas. I have always enjoys Spanish tapas and was lured by the extensive menu at Julian Serrano. We had been spending some time walking along the strip and went to the restaurant around 8 PM on a Friday night without a reservation. Luckily they were able to seat us right away at a "high-top" bar table, which was in a cool spot near the kitchen so we could see all the plates coming out. Our server was prompt and polite, and the wine and drink list is nicely organized on an i-pad for easy browsing.. . We shared a bunch of small plates for the table, all of which were nicely presented and very tasty:. . mixed seafood ceviche. | shrimp | white fish | octopus | cilantro | lime juice: 4.5/5 - very bright flavors with nice acidity and a bit of heat. Seafood was perfectly tender. . gambas. | sauteed shrimp | garlic | arbol chilis - 5/5 - amazingly succulent, tomato-garlic broth was addictive. . fresh calamari a la plancha. | lemon parsley e.v.o.o. | caramelized onions - 5/5 - star of the night - grilled calamari was so tender and flavorful - we ordered a second plate!. . monkfish and pisto. | seared monkfish | eggplant | zucchini | tomato - 4/5 - very moist with a good crsip sear - lots of fresh paprika flavor - wish it were bigger. . sauteed baby spinach. | pine nuts | raisins | apple | shallots - 3/5 - well prepared but not overly interesting - though we ordered it without the nuts and raisins because of allergy. the crunch of pine nuts would likely have made it more well rounded.. . cheese lollipop. | herb bread crumb | manchego cheese | red wine poached pear - 4.5/5 - little bite of crispy cheesy goodness - crunch on outside and fluffy creaminess inside. A touch of mint leaf added a nice pop.. . spanish iberico sliders. | prime beef | iberian pork | caramelized onions - 5/5 - super moist, salty goodness. One of the best burger bites I have ever had. . creamy risotto. | wild mushroom | aged manchego cheese - 4/5 - very good mushroom risotto. . . Everything was really good. Would not get the spinach again. There are a ton of other veggie options that looked good though, so there is plenty for non-meat eaters.. . Would love to go again and try more tapas!
Came here on a recommendation of a client of mine who tends to be fairly particular (in a good way) about what she likes. So I thought it has to at least be decent! Right? Well let me tell you I am Spanish... I have lived in San Diego California since I was 9 and have NEVER found a tapas restaurant I cared for. Eating the food at Julian Serrano took me back to my child hood. The food was authentic with amodern twist! So creative.. GREAT SERVICE!! Will make this place a must go to for every Vegas visit!! Would highly recommend trying a little bit of everything
Ate here as a solo diner at the bar. Premo the bartender was phenomenal, although he made me a drink he assured me I'd "love" but I wasn't overly enamored with. . . The food came out freakishly fast. I guess that's good if you're not trying to make a night of it but I can see that being a little irritating if you are with friends. . . I ordered the lobster gazpacho. I love gazpacho and this is really one of the best I've had. The lobster really works and isn't overpowering. . . Next I had tuna rice and raspberry concoction. I was pretty skeptical that I'd enjoy this but I was just floored. Probably one of the most memorable things I've eaten in a long while, highly recommend this. The raspberry worked PERFECTLY with the tuna and rice, it was like they were always meant to be together. . . Next I had the white fish ceviche. I was really looking forward to this but I found it a little too salty.  Definitely edible, but not the best ceviche I've had. . . Next had the anchovy on some toasted bread. Very delish. Wolfed it down so fast I can't really remember the details!. . Also ordered some olives at this point which were ok if you are into that sort of thing. Nothing new here. . . Finally I had the oxtail and pork with mashed potatoes. Wow!!!  Talk about flavor.  This was just phenomenal in terms of texture and sheer deliciousness. . . Overall the food makes this an easy 5/5 experience. The price is a little higher than your typical tapas/small plate restaurant but I didn't think it was a ripoff by any means.
Came here Saturday night for my sisters bachelorette party. The service was excellent, food was yummy and the whole experience was top notch. We sampled all sorts of yummy stuff - my favorite was the mixed seafood ceviche and the lamb special. The prices were not too outrageous considering the location and when a dish we ordered arrived super late after we had already finished eating the server graciously took it off our bill. I would highly recommend this place, you can't go wrong, it was delicious and super fun inside.
This place, with the food and service, deserves 5 stars!
Julian Serrano Tapas is an excellent restaurant inside Aria. The staff is extremely friendly and the food is delicious. The menu is filled with classic Spanish fare. Our party truly enjoyed the Valenciana tapas as well as the ahi tuna tempura.
Loved this place. Fun, inventive tapas, great drinks and our server, Chelsea was really helpful. A must if I go back to Vegas any time soon! We tried about 8 different tapas...way more than we should have, but they were so good we wanted them to just keep coming! The raspberry tuna one was amazing. Other standouts were the mixed seafood ceviche, black rice and stuffed piquillo peppers. I can't say enough good things!
First time a tapas restaurant and loved it. The food came out at a steady pace never leaving the table empty. The combination of flavors were amazing and the portions were perfect for sharing with my husband. The only thing I could possibly complain about is the drink menu is not with the regular menu when you sit down. You have to wait for the server to bring it.
Extraordinarily good. Make no mistake. These are smaller tapas and pricey. But quality of ingredients is first rate. High end presentation and plating. Lively and hip atmosphere. Highlight were the avocado n salmon n seaweed canneloni, the filet on crostini with walnuts, honey n goat cheese, the kale n mixed green salads and the arroz con leche. Friendly and warm service at the bar by David. Return Ratio= 100pct
Everything we had was incredible; very conveniently located in the entrance of Aria
I joined Yelp specifically to review this place. Yelpers have helped me out quite a few times, so I found it necessary to write this review because I chose to go there specifically on the recommendation of the yelpers. I was there last Saturday for dinner with my Gma. We only did small plates, having six different selections.. . 5 star food. -Mushroom risotto- I could've eaten a giant bowl of this. Absolutely PHENOMENAL!. -Garlic chicken thighs-crispy skin on the outside, nice and moist chicken on the inside.. . 4.5 star food. -Stuffed dates- great play on sweet and salty, just wished there were more than. 3 on the plate. I get the small plates concept, but compared to the huevos, three small dates seems skimpy.. . 4 star food. -Huevos estrellados- really great flavor, just a little too greasy.. -Iberico sliders- nice sliders, but for the best ham and beef on the market, I wasn't blown away.. . 3.5 star food. -Lobster salad- GORGEOUS presentation, nice vinaigrette, lobster was slightly overcooked. . . Honestly, I'd give it a 4.5 overall but since half stars aren't possible, I'm rounding up :) Definitely will head back here next time I'm in Vegas!
We sat at the bar and really enjoyed watching the food preparation and the banter with the bar tender.. . All of the food was impeccably executed and delicious.  We had been at Jaleo two nights before and while Jaleo is in a flashier / club-goers setting, Julian Serrano beat the pants off Jaleo where food was concerned!
Great flavor. Nice decor, good variety of cuisine. Expectational gourmet selection.  Very good service, great spot in the hotel.  I would recommend this place on a Friday night before a show or before hitting one of the clubs.  Come see the manager johnny V.  Hospitality pro.
Whimsical, beautiful plating. Interesting flavor combinations. STRONG sangria. . . I loved Julian Serrano at Aria, and I would absolutely come back.
We chose this place as I couldn't go to Picasso during this Vegas trip due to my thin wallet :(. (don't ask me what happened at Casino lol). . Yeah, Julian Serrano, I Luv ya for having this wonderful tapas place for budget food hopper like me. . Well... this hidden gem turns out to be GOOD choice, especially for its $19 lunch (even though this special menu only came after I asked). . I will visit here for its weekday magic hour selections(hopefully soon!)
I. Love. This. Restaurant.. . I'm in Vegas, tons of great places to eat. And I eat here twice. In the hotel. Lame, I know, but I really enjoyed it.. . I like that there are good places to eat as a single in Vegas. I sat at the long bar, lots of other singles hanging out for dinner with me.. . Bartender Premo (pronounced Primo) was fantastic. Knew the food, made great drinks. I ask him how many tapas most people order, he says 2-3 per person. I order 6 plus drinks and dessert. He doesn't flinch.. . Night one:. Manhattans with Templeton Rye. Many.. Goat salad. Beef tartar. Short ribs. Ox tail. Beef and cheese. Lamb. Creme brulee and espresso. . The tapas were fantastic except the Beef and Cheese, that was just okay..  . Night two:. Old fashions with RI1. A few.. Romaine salad. Yellow tail. Scallops. Tuna cones. [Premo can't stand my drink routine so he tries to throw me off. Suffering bastard and then a Whiskey smash. Oi.]. Creme brulee and espresso. . Tapas are large. I was completely packed. Highly recommended.
Delicious. Definitely a solid 4.5 stars, but worth rounding up for! TBT, I came here for lunch feeling a little rough due to a margarita fueled evening the night before. But the food was absolutely delicious and had my stomach forgiving me for the previous nights abuse.  The concept is simple: tapas/small plates. They recommend 3-4 per person, but I made due with two. I kicked it off with the albondigas (beef & pork meatballs in a (slightly spicy) tomato, sherry sauce, which were delicious. Then I had the braised short ribs (one of my all time fav foods to begin with) over a creamy risotto --OH.MY.GOD.  I wish I had time for dessert but I was rushing out to catch my flight home. Will definitely be back for a reunion with the short ribs and to try some new delicacies as well.
I ordered four tapas & seafood paella. Other two friends and I shared all of them. The tapas were all fabulous, especially black rice which is with squid ink. The other three are salmon & truffle, octopus, and lobster & saffron. But seafood paella did not reach my expectation, cuz I did like the rice inside, however the prawn really nice!
If you sat at the bar, ask for Primo! . . I asked Primo to recommend me a drink with rum since other hard alcohol doesn't go well with my body. He brought out the drink and it was delicious! And strong! And I still have no idea what it was! . . We ordered the oxtail with mash potatoes, and white sardines over red bell pepper and toasted bread. . . I would have never ordered sardines at any restaurant but since Primo recommended and my husband insisted that I would like it... I was reluctant to take the first bite but then I immediately fell in love with it! Thank god my husband doesn't like sardines so I had the whole plate to myself! Oh and the oxtail was fantastic too! . . We always have a great time and awesome food here. Thank you Primo!
one of my favorite restaurant of Las Vegas. from contemporary ambiance to colorful plates. Spanish charcuterie platter is delicious. Paella Serrano was perfect, simply delicious. Bravo Don Serrano!!!!
Wonderful dinner, beautiful restaurant, great service!!!  Perfect for a family snck/light dinner before a show!
Great food, great service - need I say more? :-) The lobster gazpacho had a very well rounded taste. The heirloom tomatoes salad was delicious, even though it is not really a tomato season (Christmas :)
