This is the restaurant to go to if your looking for a casual place for sit-down dining with a great price in Vegas.  What made this place PERFECT was that I had my birthday dinner here for a group of 31.  The staff accommodated every single one of us...including 2 children.  For being 2 weeks old, I was VERY impressed that the staff never missed a beat.. As far as food goes...I had the Lobster Roll and the Lobster Mac n' Cheese. The Lobster Roll was amazing...almost like I was in Boston.  The Lobster Mac n' Cheese was also very good, but the most impressive part about the dish was the tiny bite size Lobster BLT served to the side.  It has so much flavor you want more.. I was able to try some of the shakes, but one that stood out was the Campfire S'more.  I just remember the tastiness of the shake...then the warm sensation of the alcohol going down my throat.  What I like better was the malt.. Everyone in my group was too full for dessert, however, the staff brought out the Candy Shop item off the menu in celebration for my birthday.  The only way I can describe it is that it had an interesting array of flavors and textures.. I've been going to Vegas for a long time and this is the only place on The Strip where you can get a GREAT sit-down meal for reasonable prices.
This restaurant was located on the 2nd floor of the new Cosmopolitan.  It was my first time in the casino and although the place was packed, the bartender was courteous and let me know she would be right with me.  After I ordered a Corona (22oz!!) I found a chair and order the Rising Sun burger.  I love this place. Kobe beef, house glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado!!! I'm done...  Good food and big drinks, perfect for a quick stop in Las Vegas, they've re-made the burger joint another favorite destination for my vacations here.
This is going to sound like a farce, but I daydream about my meal at Holsteins on a nearly daily basis - the burgers were THAT good.  I wasa little, um, rough from 2 consecutive nights of partying, and the burgers here dazzled my taste buds and satiated my poor stomach.. . We started with Radicchio Salad which was large enough for two to share as a starter and was perfectly tossed and loaded with fresh parmesan.  We split a Korean Bullgogi Burger and a Gold Standard Burger, and trying to pick the better of the two would be like trying to pick the more obnoxious twin between Mary-Kate and Ashley.  The Gold Standard was a glorious pastiche of meat and cheese, vegetable and fruit, starch and sauce.  And then the Bullgogi, with the glaze, the egg, the trite kim-chi whatever-it's-going-to-be to make the dish "Korean" (in this case, kim-chi slaw) worked equally well together to create a fabulous burger.  I would urge anyone to order either of these but all of the burgers looked appetizing on the menu.. . My only regret (due to an impending drive back to LA) was not being able to try one of the alcoholic shakes.  . . Oh! And since they mistakenly brought out the salad with the burgers (I asked for it before the burgers, naturally), they offered us a complimentary whimsical dessert sampler (I think it's "The Candy Store" on the menu) that was great; save the mini-drumstick cones for last!
HOLSTEINS .... TAKE ME AWAY . The first thing I noticed was the feel and vibe of the restaurant. It has clean modern high-end lines with fresh contemporary "local?" graffiti artist art work. It immediately grabbed my interest. The staff is friendly down to earth and looked like they were having fun. ( who wouldn't wearing hot jeans and chucks to work everyday ) . I was entertaining friends so we immediately ordered the appetizers that were perfect for everyone ( the foodies at the table and the overworked and just plain hungry) We had the duck tacos .... AMAZING and the crab mac and cheese .... to die for ! For lunch our table was impressed with the array of offerings. We had everything from burgers, the homemade sausages and salads. Every dish tasted better then then the last. THEN .... the best part of every ones day... THE CANDY STORE. You must order it. I don't want to ruin the surprise but everyone in the restaurant knows it is at your table. It is a sweet head turner that takes your breath away LITTER LY. . Holsteins Shakes and Buns made my day ! and I recommend it highly to anyone.
Holsteins rocks....their menu is packed with lots of good things....so many things its hard to choose so I guess i'll just have to keep going back till i've tried everything. Loved loved loved the pork buns and the duck tacos....not to mention the chicago hot dogs and of course the duck duck goose burger (seeing a pattern here? we love duck and pork!)  The fries with our burger were hot and crispy (more than I can say for Comme Ca). Desserts were also fabulous and fun so save a little room!
The reason I am giving Holsteins Shakes and Buns a 5 star review is strictly based on the fact that they provided me with the best Oreo shake i have ever had. Oreo shake with baileys Irish creme, how can you beat that? . . I also got the Gold Standard burger prepared medium. Perfectly cooked and overall a delicious meal. Its not the cheapest burger and shake but hey its Vegas so you cant complain.. . Would definitely go back each Vegas trip
I have no idea why this place has 3.5 stars... I thought the place was absolutely amazing!  I get it that these are some expensive burgers... but they are also very VERY delicious! This IS Vegas, and for Vegas I thought the price was pretty reasonable.. . I had the Tenderloin Rossini under the Tiny Buns section.  They were two mini burgers of BEEF MEDALLION WITH FOIE GRAS, WILD MUSHROOM, ARUGULA AND TRUFFLE MAYO.  It was so good... It was a perfect portion too!. . Other burgers that I recommend are the Rising Sun and Duck Duck Goose.. . It's casual, its comfortable, and definitely a perfect place to go to if you want to avoid bougie and expensive restaurants on the strip.  I thought the service was great... I'm sure other people had different experience with the service depending on what server they got, but ours was very nice :)
Yes, the burgers at this place are pricey. However, you get what you pay for and in my opinion, the food here is worth the price!  I had the Longhorn and it was one of the best burgers I have ever tasted.  Friends of mine had the Rising Sun and the Duck Duck Goose and they all said that their burgers were delicious!  Combine the excellent burgers with the unique alcoholic shakes and trendy vibe and you get a great restaurant!
This place is great! I wanted to review in 4.5 stars because I wish they would make the atmosphere a little more upscale (we're in Cosmopolitan and I want a Cosmopolitan-esque atmosphere) but then I suppose it wouldn't match the causal food they serve here. The waitress we had was super friendly, attentive, and very helpful when I was unsure what sort of drink I would like. We ended up having the bartender make a martini specialfor me and I liked it so much that I had two! The drinks here are great, food is phenomenal, the burger is possibly the best burger I have ever had. My husband enjoyed his meal also. We'll be back and we'll bring friends. They have huge ice cream (alcoholic) drinks that looks amazing. I couldn't see trying one after all that I had to eat here but another time I'd love to splurge and have one.
had the big fat greek... yummmmmmm and one of those fancy shakes that will secretly give u a buzz.. yummmmmmmmmm and some bulls balls not to be confused with rocky mountain oysters).... best damn balls ive put in my mouth in forever
Love the cosmopolitan and have been to Holsteins a couple of times.  It has a fun and casual decor (hot pink cow in front) matched with a really nice looking bar.  . . Sat at the bar both times.  The bartenders were friendly and suggestive without being too intrusive.  They have a great beer selection and will help recommend one if you want to try something new.  Although I usually like ordering specialty cocktails at places like this, I noticed that they had bubble-gum vodka (one of my favorites) so the bartender made me a  bubble-gum martini that was delicious! It was pink and girly...definitely what I was in the mood for. . . For food I had the duck 'street tacos'. I love anything and everything with duck, but then add foie gras, and truffle cream and stuff it into a crispy tortilla? yuuummmm! . . Also ordered the Lobster Mac-n-cheese. Its a perfect size portion (so you can eat it all and be guilt-free). I just happen to be a mac-n-cheese connoisseur, so I've had my share of cheesy noodles. This one is really good with the lobster and truffle cream, but not my favorite. However the dish comes with a mini lobster BLT that is so good I would definitely order it again. (You can only get this little mini blt with the mac, it's not a menu item on its own). . . Holsteins is a cool hang-out spot.  Not just an ordinary burger joint, they have really creative things on the menu that you wouldn't expect. Will definitely come back, there are still so many things I want to try!
If you find yourself wandering on the 3rd floor trying to determine if you dressed appropriately swing back down to this joint. The price is decent and the food will surprise you (hopefully for the better). I had the brisket burger while visiting in Vegas and it made me forget about In and Out for at least a few hours. Honestly this place gets pretty creative with their burgers which I commend them for and the fries are awesome. I didn't get a shake because the beer selection was so good. I did get a prettydecent grumbly stomach after eating here but in all fairness I had been eating all sorts of junk including fried pickles and the Swedish fish candy from NY,NY hotel. I would visit again next time I'm in Vegas.
I've been here a number of times.  Rarely do they disappoint.  I've sat at the bar, the lounge, and in the dining area. . . Some of the things I've ordered that were amazing: The Big Fat Greek, the Tenderloin sliders, the Gold Standard, and the Longhorn. . . I do not recommend getting a salad.  I did that one day and was horribly disappointed.  Tiny salad, tiny portion of chicken.  Unimpressive.  Stick with the burgers. . . I've always had good service here on the 5 or so times I've been here.
Great burgers, not fatty. Just good products, excellent meat and perfect cooking. My burger was japanese style, with tasty meat, tempura and delightful sauce. One of the best burger I've ever eaten. Moreover the restaurant is very nice. Around 15$ a burger.
best place ever !!
Visited this restaurant for the first time for lunch today.  For the table we ordered Kalbi Beef and Kimchee Quesadilla, Philly Cheez Steak Spring Rolls and Truffle Lobster Mac N Cheese.  The were all incredibly good.  I had to hold back from eating every last bite on each plate to save room for dinner.  I had the Chicken Caesar Salad which had good size pieces of chicken and a nice little touch of sunflower seeds which was a nice change of pace from your typical Caesar.  My friends ordered the Cobb Salad which looked fantastic and another had a salmon burger which she loved.  Beware of the shoe string fries... they are so good that I had to push the bucket away to stop myself from eating them all.  You MUST try their milkshakes.  They are amazing!. . Overall I would absolutely come back to this restaurant.  There are so many things on the menu that I would like to try not to mention their alcoholic shakes!
First I have to say the Cosmo hotel is AMAZING! didn't know where to grab a bite to eat and saw Holsteins....atmosphere was great, loved the graffiti vibe/pics on the wall/menu covers/etc. Service was great...my boyfriend got the standard burger with the steak fries...yum and I got the mini burgers. They were the perfect size! Every restaurant should have mini burgers for the ladies who want a burger but just can't eat the whole thing..... After I tried the steak fries I had to order a side for myself....everything was awesome...their drink list was never ending...the amount of beers they have is great! we had to shock tops (not too many places carry that and it's my favorite)..... We'd definitely go back...almost did for the second time on that trip! :)
Great Burgers, alcoholic shakes, ambiance and good service! Always make a stop here when I'm in Vegas, never disappoints.. Can't wait to go back already and try some other stuff on menu!
Standard burger + boozy shake=delicious food coma. Heck, you're in Vegas, live a little...Seriously, though: the shakes are insane. Mine had a marshmallow in it and rum and probably some coke sprinkled on top because i inhaled the whole thing in 2 minutes and I really wanted to try another one right after. Luckily the burger arrived before i could double down on the shake and, well, that hit the spot. Good stuff.
OMG!!!  BEST cheeseburger EVER!!!   I am not a big red meat eater and I haven't had a cheeseburger out in years, but now I am craving them all the time!!  Their Cookies and Cream Bam boozled shake was delish too!!. I can not wait to go back!!
To be completely honest, my husband and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat, not expecting anything...but what we got was SPECTACULAR!  This is the best burger I have ever had!  And the oreo shake with baileys was the icing on the cake to this place.. . I had the "rising sun" burger and my hubby had the classic burger.  These burgers are so flavorful, so soft and tender...like no other burger I've had.  My best comparison, frankly, would be in 'n out...but with a little more pizzazz.  They are fresh, juicy, and tasty!  The extra flavors and ingredients they add to the burgers are unconventional ideas, but oh-so delicious!  The prices are spot on for what you get...I don't mind paying $15 for these burgers at all.  For the record, after this place, I'm no longer giving my money to the Ruby Tuesdays-sorts anymore.  I'd much rather fly to Vegas for my next burger!
I got offered over an hour wait at a restaurant upstairs, heard this spot was a nice place to grab a quick meal, but still has a 30+ minute wait. I wanted to at least get some cosmo experience, so I ponied up to the bar here. Despite the business, A Daisy Dukes put on a good show when it came to pouring my drinks and helping me with the menu. The 'BFG' as she put it=DANK. Lamb burgers are definitely my new flavor.
Great happy hour drink offerings from 7-10 pm. We will be back!  We stopped by to check out their menu. It is very diverse and quite extensive. I love that they have their mini burgers. That gave me the opportunity to try a few different burgers, and not have a lot of just the one. I love some of the funky paintings on the wall, especially the one that looks like a lil robot at the front of the restaurant. The decor is amazing and the lighting is perfect. Being that this is part of the cosmo and it's a new establishment, I wasn't surprised that it got kinda crowded. The service is amazing and there wasn't a single complaint or WTH comment from anyone in our party of 9. I love that their menu also includes alcoholic milk shakes, sodas rom around the world and then some. This past visit, everything here impressed me and was perfect. I have to admit, reading some of the previous reviews, I was hoping for the best but was expecting the worst. I can tell you, as of March 19, 2011, this place is amazing. And really ,how you would pass up $1 shots and beer, I don't know.
Really wanted burgers on our trip to Vegas and so happy we decided to come to Holsteins. The service was rocky at first with the hostess making us wait for our whole party before being seated, but that was it.. . Our waitress was super helpful and gave some great suggestions. She couldn't convince us to get the milkshakes, but mostly because we had a night of partying and milkshakes just didn't seem like the right way to start out.. . For appetizers we tried: - (numbers/in relation to Yelp stars). Lobster Corn Dogs (4/5) - Crispy, fried, and corn dogs! YUM. Street Tacos (5/5) - AMAZING, duck meat wasn't over cooked, was very juicy.. Truffle Lobster Mac & Cheese (4/5) - Truffle Oil was everywhere in Vegas and this was a great place to find it.. Bull's Balls (1/5) - Dry, grainy, and should have been returned to the kitchen.. . All the burgers were amazing so I won't go into breaking them down. The fries all came out very hot and done well. Probably wouldn't order duck fat ones next time, but that's because the sweet potato ones were great. The meat on all the burgers was cooked perfectly, and you could see the care that went into pairing the burgers. . . Wish Holsteins was in every major city!
Holstein is an AWESOME restaurant that clearly knows very well how to cook a burger....ordered mine medium rare and MR is what I received - I honestly haven't seen a better cooked burger.  I enjoyed everything about this place, from our cute server who joined the same obsession with sriracha that I have, to the most AWESOME Friday night DJ ever!  (I probably worked off my meal simply by shaking it in my seat!),  and to the tasty shoestring and sweet potato fries!  YUMM, nom, nom, nom.. . you need to order because I said so:. . *KOREAN BULL GOGI (the asian in me!) - the fried egg KICKS this burger into top gear - medium rare of course!. *CRISPY PORK BELLY BUN - because its different and melts in your mouth!. . I'm making this restaurant a staple to my Vegas adventures - it is that tasty!  It's also right across from MARQUEE nightclub - the hottest spot on the strip right now!  :)
Wonderful selection and choice on their menu - I get so excited when I look at a menu and can't choose! The burgers were out of this world - "The Big Fat Greek" lamb burger wasmy choice with sweet potato fries and onion rings on the side. I was in the company of "my burger Posse" so we shared - YUM!!. From Korean burgers to tandoori - WOW.
Food is great here and the service is also fantastic.. Burgers:. Gold Standard -- amazing. seriously, a delicious burger. one of the best i've ever had.. Korean Bullgogi- also FANTASTIC. the egg gets gooey and covers the burger and the meat is delicious! a unique experience and a delicious one, too! has some kick with the kimchee and spicy mayo.. . Starters:. Kalbi Beef/Kimchee Quesadila -- mm, so much flavor. spicy. cheesy. mmm.... . The two times I've been to Vegas since the Cosmo opened I've been here and I will continue to come here when in Vegas.
Awesome atmosphere at this new Vegas hot spot in Cosmopolitan.  Loved the appetizers, especially the lobster mac 'n cheese.  Desserts were ridiculous.  So creative.  Huge props to the pastry chef.. . Staff was energetic and happy.  Definitely check out the "Adult Shakes" - good way to feel like a kid again (and also get buzzed...so, maybe you'll feel like you're back in high school).. . Maybe the best part about the place is the burgers.  Their veggie burger is so good - stores around the world should carry it.  Seriously.. . Heading back there again in a few weeks.  YAY PINK COW!!!!!!
I just love it here!  The food is delicious, the servers are friendly, and the atmosphere is great!  It's perfect for curing your hangover or stopping in to fill up your tummy when trying to prevent one.  Don't forget the milkshakes...mmmmm!  The only bad thing about it is that I don't live in LV so I can't go as often as I would like!
Food - AMAZING. Service - superb. Decor - comfortable & inviting. . The lobster macaroni and cheese may have been the best thing I've ever eaten in Vegas. It came with a mini lobster roll (not mentioned on the menu) and included a slice of bacon. When I told our server I wasn't expecting that and that I don't eat bacon, they brought me another mini sandwich sans bacon. While we're on the service, Porsha was awesome. She offered to split all our checks before and kept everyone's tabs in order. Smiled the whole time and was super friendly about recommendations.. . The Frozen Grasshopper was like drinking the last of your Thrifty's mint chip ice cream. It was a tasty shake, but maybe not worth $11, $7 or $8 at best even with the Frangelico in there. . . I also had the sliders, two tasty lil bundles of joy. The only knock on this place is on the homemade potato chips that came with them. I must have got some from hours ago because they were cold and rubbery. I bet a fresh & crispy batch would be very good there and would be great with any burger.. . Next time I'm in Vegas, Holsteins is at the top of my dining list.
I was so pleasantly surprised by Holsteins. We ended up here after the line at Wicked Spoon was ridiculously long for Sunday Brunch. We were both a big hungover (hello? who isn't in Vegas) and after our less than average experience at China Poblano we opted for Holsteins.. . The decor and concept are cute- modern spin on a burger joint. We were served popcorn upon sitting down which was cool. There is a HUGE beer list.. my British BF was more than thrilled about that. I ordered a cilantro infused vodka bloody mary that came in a martini glass with a ginormous cocktail shrimp.. hands down best bloody mary I have EVER had. . . BF ordered Classic with cheese, I opted for pork belly sliders with a side salad as I'm not a big burger person. My food was melt in your mouth good.. maybe it was the oxygen pumping in Vegas but one of the best pork belly wraps I have had. Came with a side of sirarcha flavored mayo which rocked.. . Service was great, drinks were great, food was great.. just go.
Holsteins...where should I start??? First let me say what an AMAZING burger it was...a friend of my recommended this place since I told him about my trip to Vegas. When I came the atmosphere was a bit trendy and I got seated right away. The waitress was nice and took our order right away. I ended up getting the Golden Stantdard. The patty (made from aged meat) was nice and juicy (I ordered my medium rare)...and the toppings were just awesome and balanced the burger. I was a little weary since it came with goat cheddar but it ended up being really good...so good you don't even need to open that ketchup bottle. The fries (steak fries) were seasoned to perfect although I believe it could've came with a few more. Holsteins is becoming a MUST everytime I come to Vegas!!!
It's hard to find a place to eat in Vegas that holds the middle ground between pretentious and expensive, and fast food. Holsteins fits that niche perfectly! It's a laid-back atmosphere with an upscale twist on American food. I was thrilled to find items like buffalo wings on the menu, but they also had duck fat fries and other similar items. Pricing was good, and service was excellent. We'll return here any time we come to Vegas!
Arrived well before check in time at the hotel and we were hungry for lunch so we headed to Holsteins and were not disappointed.  We ordered a Spark and Oreo Milkshake to go with our burgers.  Burgers were cooked perfectly and were outstanding.  The Sparks were so good we had three.. . Went back to Holsteins a couple of days later for dessert.  Lollipops were to die for. The Strawberry Shortcake Slider & Fries were just okay.. . Third visit to Holsteins on the last day.  Ordered two Sparks this time.  The waitress asked how they were and we said they didn't taste as good as the ones on the first day.  She said it might be a different bartender but took our drinks back.  We were surprised when she came back and said that we were right and the bartender realized he had forgotten the agave nectar and was remaking our drinks.  Second try was better but definitely a different bartender makes a difference!. . We didn't realize how much time had passed until the manager came up to our table and said, "I'm sorry you are waiting so long for your food. We lost your ticket.  I'm sending over some Artichoke Guac so you don't starve."  He offered us two more complimentary cocktails but we said we were good with the water.  The Artichoke Guacamole arrived and was very good.  Our Longhorns arrived shortly after and were worth the wait.. . The service on all three visits was first rate. Would highly recommend Holsteins.  Excellent food and outstanding service.
Came here on Monday, and 1$ shots and 1$ beer! How can you say no?! What a great place to pre-game before hitting up Marquee nightclub. And must I say their burgers are out of this world! My friend and I got the kobe beef burger and the steakhouse burger and split them. Just some excellent quality meat... The taste was great too, but it mostly comes from their meat quality, so my hat off to Holsteins. Oh, and let's not forget their crunchy shoe string fries! Yummm... Okay I'm starting to sound like a fatty so I will end it here... Next time I come, I will try the shakes!
The Steakhouse burger medium done is probably the best burger I've ever had. If you enjoy burgers, defenitely give it a try.
I'll get the bad news out of the way: The hostesses were shockingly rude and their ineptitude staggering. Had I not had my heart set on a burger, I would have turned on my heal and gone next door (who had a friendly greeting just viewing the menu).  I overheard the table next to me going on about the ridiculousness of these horrid hostesses after being sat by one.  These girls had a "what are you doing here?" attitude. I imagine one of them answering the phone: "Holsteins, you're welcome."  Perhaps Smiling 101 could be a start?. . That being said:  Server (Kyle) recommended the Rising Sun burger and it was THE best burger I've had EVER.  Tempura avocado, nori furikaki, crispy sweet potatoes...give me one right this second.  Service was cool, friendly, and professional.  Nicely done.. . Atmosphere was fun and lively, but the stupid bass from the DJ was literally vibrating the booth I was sitting in.  Let's go for quality over quantity here, Holsteins. . . Bamboozled Shakes are inventively crafted, by suggestion had the Drunken Monkey...YUM.. . 1 star for door, 5 for service and food.
Loved this place.  Went twice on my latest trip to Vegas and each time was great.  Had the gold standard and the long horn burger and each was fantastic.  The philly cheese steak rolls are to die for, but the artichoke guac is a miss.  . . Beer selection is off the charts and the servers were attentive and fun.
Had a steakhouse burger and it was awesome! Also had the chicken fingers n waffles appetizer, which was also really good!
YUM!. . This is what we ordered:. . 1. Greener Pastures w/ a side of beef brisket. 2. The Classic Burger on Wheat Buns. 3. A Bellini. 4. A vodka tonic. . Salad was delicious! Beef Brisket SUPER tender. Burger order was actually a bit wrong (wrong bread wrong cheese), but my boyfriend didn't realize til half way through because it was that good. Onion Rings - delish! Drinks were delicious. And they bring you a can of popcorn at the end of your meal. Score! . . Our server Chaz was also awesome.
In a slightly inebriated state, I once tried to make ice cream shots with one of my best friends because we thought the ice cream would mask the taste of alcohol. We thought we were geniuses. Til we tried it. And it was not good.. . BUT...Holstein's has somehow managed to change that. If you're at the Cosmo or near the Cosmo, it'll be worth your while to try a "bamboozled shake." After being heavily advertised to go here by Thia G, I forced my friends walking around the strip with me during the day to come get a shake with me. The wait was rather long for them to make it, but take pictures of the spotted pink cow while you're waiting!. . Ordered a Frozen Grasshopper because I LOVE MINT. It came with a cute light green peppermint meringue on top and sprinkled mini chocolate malt balls. Alcohol content was creme de menthe and van gogh dutch chocolate vodka. . . BEST. MILKSHAKE. I'VE. EVER. HAD. Period. And I mean, at $11 a pop, it had better be damn good. But it was! I couldn't taste the alcohol at all, although I felt the effects later, but shoot, I'll be damned if I ever had such a delicious milkshake before in my life. I may just be biased because it was mint flavored and I have an obsession with mint, but I'm pretty sure everyone else with me agreed that it wasn't just me. . . Try it! I can't wait to go back to Vegas and try anotherflavor! =) 5 stars for their bamboozled shakes! And thanks Thia G. for the suggestion!
Just started yelping, but went here back in January. I can still taste the delicious burgers and fries, and I'm reviewing 5 months after the visit.  That's how good the burgers were.. . I got comp'd by Cosmo and was giving $100 in food credit as well.  After eating here the first night, we decided to spend the rest of the credit here the second day. This place is a MUST EAT when in Vegas.
It's almost hard to believe that Holstein's is run by the same people responsible for LBS at the Red Rock. I guess if I had to make an analogy, this place is like Michael Jackson (in terms of talent, not behavior or affinity for boys) whereas LBS is LaToya (or maybe even Janet) and the LBS Patty Wagon is Tito.. . What that means, is this place rocks. The menu is more diverse and creative than it's sibling establishments with it's spiked milkshakes, apps, burgers, alternative dishes for non-burger folks, and an extensive beer list.. . The Rising Sun ($16.50) is an amazing burger made out of a sizable kobe beef patty, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake (yeah, I had to look up furikake to know what it was... I'm not ashamed to admit it), crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado. The ingredients gave it a rich, sweet, unique flavor and the crispy yam bits a crunchy texture. If I have any complaint about this burger it's the height of it. The thick patty and huge slices of avocado make it difficult to get the whole thing in your mouth (didn't Macauley Culkin say the same thing to MJ?).. . My wife got the Gold Standard ($17.50) - dry aged beef sirloin with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula and garlic-chive aioli. She loved it and only let me have one bite. If you want a more traditional burger, go for this. But, I still thought the Rising Sun was better.. . Each burger came with an order of fries. So She got the regular fries and I got he steak cut fries. Both were very good -- crispy exterior, light and soft interior.. . Our son got the kid's chicken fingers and fries. That's always a winner with him. It came with 3 big tenders and some carrots and celery.. . Even after those big burgers we still had room for dessert. Our choice... lollipops. The chocolate brownie and strawberry were excellent. The lemon meringue and red velvet cake were largely forgettable and uninspired and the blondie was bland and didn't come close to reminding me of a blondie brownie.. . Despite the lackluster dessert, the burgers were so good I can overlook that misstep. We didn't have any issues with the service, especially the kitchen, which sent out the food surprisingly fast. I'm not sure if I'd say this is my favorite burger place, but it's definitely one of the top and one that shouldn't be missed.
Stopped in twice on a recent 6 day Vegas stay.  I was staying at Aria, so the short walk to The Cosmo was well worth it after happening upon this gem.  The first drop-in was for drinks and game 5, Mavs v. Heat.  The bar area was crowded and had a festive vibe.  Bartenders were attentive and gave generous pours.  Prices are in line w/ other joints on the Strip.  Second visit was for lunch with the wife.  Our server stole the show.  As a local, he gave us a few tips and can't miss, under-the-radar places we might enjoy.  After perusing the beer menu and failing to make a selection, the server brought out a hard to find NE microbrew I'd never heard of.  It was a great recommendation.  The burger was above average, but not the best I've eaten, but would order again.  I shall definitely return for the beer
Best Burger yet!!  Oh and I had a very tasty strawberry milkshake.  Food here hits the spot!
UPDATE: Dined here again and decided to be brave and order something different.  Tried the lobster mac n cheese.  Was definitely NOT worth the $16.50 or however much they charged.  Tasted like imitation crab meat in cold mac n cheese that was microwaved.. . Why the five stars still? Because I'm not stupid and also ordered the Kobe Beef burger (rising sun I think?).  Still hands down the best burger I've ever eaten.  If I could give 8 stars I would, but Yelp only lets me give 5, and the lobster mac was negative 3 stars, so you do the math!
Overall, I think, although slightly pricey, what you get at at Holstein's felt worth it. If you price your foods higher than average, I will expect higher than average food and service. I believe Holstein's delivered. The burgers and shakes were delicious and the service was excellent.. . Completely open to the pedestrian way, so it is a bit noisy, but it's a comfortable restaurant to dine in. Our server was very prompt, gracious and attentive. I really appreciated their attention to detail. Within moments of sitting down we were served the trademark mini-bucket of tasty popcorn and glasses of water without asking. They've clearly put thought into what a good customer experience should be in their restaurant. You've got a customer, immediately give them something to eat and drink. Makes sense to me!. . The menu is well-presented and easy to understand. Burgers and shakes and some other stuff. Everything on the menu sounded great. We opted for a Captain Hook (salmon burger) and a Rising Sun (teriyaki burger). Both, due to their combination of flavors and textures, transcended the normal definition of "burger". They were DELICIOUS.. . On leaving we ordered a Cereal Bowl and a Drunken Monkey. These were a couple of the most delicious and unique milkshakes we've ever had. You'll just have to go a try one for yourself. A very tasty treat.. . I think that, although I can't afford to eat here as often as I'd like, this burger joint is my favorite in LV.
The first time I came here was with a bachelor party. We were sitting in the lounge area by the bar doing some drinking, and unbeknownst to us, the waitresses here are scantily clad, sporting massive jugs. I'll get to the food in a second.. . So we're sitting down and the waitress is right behind my friend Zach. She says, "Would you guys like any drinks?" Zach swiveled around to answer and accidentally got a face full of 36 F's. Like, an unintentional motorboat. Great life moment. Also, the little hostess with the tongue ring is highly attractive in that librarian kind of way, and you know she also owns thigh high boots... na'mean? I'd shake those buns. I'd let her hold my stein. With my eyes open and the lights on. Mmmmhmmm darlin'.. . The shakes. The shakes are insanity in a glass. I ordered a Compost shake and immediately wanted to vomit. I mean that in the best way possible. Think of like - an excitement induced vomit. Like when you get married or something. Actually, that's probably not the best analogy. What I'm trying to say is the shakes are incredibly rich and tasty, and I would recommend the Compost shake to anyone who was punishing themselves with tastiness.. . The burgers. The burger I ate was so delicious, there are no words to describe it. The best way to describe it would be to make a series of guttural noises and then pass out face down into a pile of puppies. I hadn't had anything like the kobe burger in a long time, and it's just what I wanted. My pants also wanted it, because I came home with the bad kind of stained pants. Messy burger.. . Two other things that stood out for me were the awesome art adorning the walls, and my waiter's enormous handlebar mustache. Good on you, mate!
The lemon meringue shake is quite possibly the most indulgent and amazing drink I have ever had the privilege of ingesting. If these things weren't so calorie rich, I would possibly live on them. In one word: awesome.
One of the best burgers I have every had. Nothing to complain about from service, price or food, everything was wonderful.
I can't say enough good things about Holsteins.  It was so good, my buddy and I ate here twice during a recent Vegas trip.  Here goes:. . It's located inside the Cosmopolitan.  From the casino floor, take one of the elevators to the second level, and you can't miss it.  Like the rest of the Cosmo, it has an upscale feel and look to it.  . . Apparently, some nights they have a DJ, and some they don't.  We experienced both.  It was great both ways.  Having the DJ added an interesting, fun twist to our second meal, but it was never so loud you could not easily converse with your dining companions.  . . The staff here are very well trained, friendly, and professional.  Even when we were dressed a bit down for the Cosmo, we were treated warmly by everyone we dealt with.  The service was terrific.  . . The food is really, really good.  I would put it on even footing with if not superior footing to BLT in the Mirage, which is a high compliment.  The lamb burger I had both times I ate at Holsteins this trip was probably the best lamb burger I've had, and I've eaten my share of them at various places.  . . The beer selection is huge.  By huge, I mean well over 100 different beers.  I like to try new beers, and our waiter did a nice job of helping us choose beers that pair well with our food.  . . If you want a nice, upscale casual meal, and if you like hamburgers, you can't go wrong with Holsteins.   I'll be back for sure the next time I'm in Vegas.
Awesome burgers and sides. Shakes were fine, but save the belly room for the burgers. We had the Gold Standard and the Rising Sun. Both were incredible, perfectly cooked, and had an very cool mix of burger additions, such as tempura avocado. . . Great spot for lunch and a 5 minute wait!! Highly recommended.
Thank you Megan!   To the management at Holsteins, your bartender Megan rocks! . . Went here pre-dinner (see horrible time at China P) drinks and loved the feel.  Have yet to try the food but I love the atmosphere is the bomb. . . After our horrible dinner we ended up coming back here to at least end our night on a good note.   Megan made our party a couple awesome drinks and told us a good story to put a smile on all our faces.   . . I can't wait to head back to Vegas and have dinner here.   I know it will be great!
I love a good burger...and Holsteins is great!  So good in fact, I returned the following day for seconds. The first night I had the Rising Sun Burger and it was FANTASTIC!  The next night was the burger with the egg on it (don't recall the name). OMG they were good!  The rising sun was a bit better, but both were delicious.  Plus throw in an adult shake or two and you've got yourself a good thing.  Reminder: this is basically a burger joint, so it that's what you're looking and you're willing to spend a bit (it's not cheap), you'll love it.  Would absolutely go back.. . Service: 4. Food: 5. Cleanliness: 4
Came to Cosmo for Marquee, then got hungry, and then there it was.... Holsteins Shakes and Buns right in front of Marquee... we were so hungry so We didnt even bother looking anywhere. At 1st impression i thought this place was going to be pricey with bad food. Then we got seated immediately, and got Menus. The prices are reasonable for a restaurant in the strip inside a brand new hotel right across a popular club. Now I ordered "Hen House" Which was a burger with a beef patty, bacon and egg, served with some veggies. I thought it was just going to be another burger, but when i took the 1st bite it was so juicy and all the flavors of the 3 kinds of beef, bacon, and egg just mixed in together so perfectly. I had it cooked at medium and it was perfect. The service was good and always attended to our needs. The skinny fries was also just perfect, just enough crunchyness and wasnt that oily.. Perfect for Pre or Post Marquee Clubbin food.
Don't insult this place by using the term "hipster". . Hipsters wouldn't like this place... it isn't ironic enough.  It is, however, very "hip" (although I'd prefer to just say cool).. . Holsteins has the best burgers on the strip.  BLT burger use to hold that crown, but it's slightly declined and Holsteins has stepped up and taken the mantle.  Great burgers, cute AND friendly servers, and awesome spiked milkshakes.  I've been here a handful of times and have yet to experience bad food or service.. . If I had to decide on my last meal, a steakhouse burger with skinny fries and a drunken monkey might be perfect.  Holsteins is now a staple when I come to Vegas.
I came here because we couldn't get into the Marquee nightclub nearby and needed a place to get some food and a drink. The night we went, they had a DJ going and there was quite a party in there. It was pretty loud, I couldn't really converse with the people in my party. . . I honestly enjoyed people watching because the line up for the Marquee nightclub is right in front of this restaurant. The food was quite good although we could only order from the appetizer menu because it was around 1am. I do remember this place being quite pricey though. This is Vegas, what place isn't pricey right?
I got a hen burger here and strawberry cheesecake shake.  Best shake ever. The burger was similar to red robin and red robin is def cheaper
Food had amazing flavor, best quesadilla's I've had and the shakes are great too! Service was quick and friendly!
Here on a business trip, just wanted a quick dinner.  Went at around 6:00 and seated immediately at the bar.  Bartender great, efficient and friendly.   Made a couple of suggestions...took Rising Sun.  Great burger, cooked exactly as ordered.  Drink never got below half full.  . . All in all, great quick service and great food...all for under $25.00 (with a ~ 25% tip).  Will definitely be back.  Very pleased with experience.
Chef John sucks at everything. Luckily for him Anna is a great bartender and is super hot.
This place is literally the best burger place I have been to in Las Vegas. Hands down, the best. Totally worth checking out if you're at the Cosmopolitan.
Great burger location within the Cosmopolitan hotel.  My boyfriend and I were staying at this location and we wanted to eat somewhere within the hotel, since we both were exhausted and didn't feel like walking far.. . We didn't have to wait for a table, our server was great!  Very friendly.  Loved the atmosphere and the menu was unique.  They have tons of alcoholic milkhakes, which I wished I would have tried.  HOwever, I got the Longhorn Burger:. THE LONGHORN* / 16. BEEF PATTY TOPPED WITH TEXAS SMOKED BEEF BRISKET, WHISKEY BBQ SAUCE, CREAMY COLE SLAW & DILL PICKLE ---AMAZING.... . My boyfriend got the:. THE CLASSIC* / 13.5. LETTUCE, TOMATO, ONION, MAYO, KETCHUP. & PICKLES.. . He loved it as well.  We both got Steak Fries (they have shoestring fries as well.)  . . The bread on the burgers even tasted freshly made.. I definitely would go again!
Everything was great. White lightning and the big fat Greek with steak fries.
everything was great. . Shakes, burgers, wings, fries.. . A+ across the board.
before heading to a pool party, i wanted to check out this place for lunch and were seated right away..not supposed to eat before going to the pool? who cares, it was good!. . i normally don't like popcorn but found myself keep reaching for it while waiting to place our order..it must be bc of the truffle!. . ordered... -the rising sun: medium rare with sweet potato fries.. loved my burger and and a sucker for sweet potato fries. -i was too into my burger to taste my friend's so i don't remember their order but was told it was good.. the side of steakcut fries was yummy. -bam boozled drunken monkey: reese's pcs banana, malt, frangelico.. omg this was soo good. love love loved it.. i was the only one that had some sort of alcoholic beverage with lunch.. weird bc it's usually the other way around.. i liked that they serve you the extra shake on the side... . loved lunching here and would def come back again.. i want to try the bam boozled cereal bowl and many more burgers next time..
Yum-diddly-yum! This hopping little place inside The Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas is delicious. The wait was not terrible (15 minutes) and the staff was attentive and friendly. We started with the fried pickle appetizer  - good breaded crunchy coating and equally crunchy dill pickle spears within. A few fried olives in the mix didn't hurt one bit. Hubby ordered the Korean Bull-Gogi burger loaded with a nice soy/kalbi marinade, kimchi, and a fried egg atop a perfectly cooked burger and incredibly toasty bun. This burger was a nice size and had a good side of sweet potato fries with it. I had the lobster roll sliders in mini-hot dog buns with a nice aioli and cup of cole slaw. Great flavor on both entrees. Plus... we each had one of their cool milk-shakes. Mine was the Oreo cookie with Bailey's and hubby had the S'mores with rum. Goodness gracious, set me up with another! Food was pretty reasonably priced for pricey Vegas as well. Try it!
delicious shakes.  I want to try all on the menue everytime i go.  Cookies and Cream one is my favorite so far
The Gold Standard burger here was amazing. Really, just bursting with robust savory flavor. Not too salty - which is how you know the meat here is really high quality.. . 18 bucks for a burger seems high, but its worth it. And besides, when you come to Vegas you don't do it cause its cheap. You do it to live it up a little bit. . . I really liked this burger. I head they're gonna take holstein's national - I think a spot in LA is on the horizon....i hope so.
Went here on the recommendation that they had a stellar beer selection and i was NOT disappointed...in fact we made it back there again after our first meal there...we couldn't get enough.. . Beer: selection was great. Their tap-list is so-so but their bottle list is great. Wait stuff completely clueless when it came to beer for some reason.. . Appetizers: wow...all I have to say is the Lobster mac and Cheese was superb!. . Burgers: pricey, juicy and soooo worth it. Those burgers were near perfection.. . Didn't get a chance to do dessert...was too stuffed from the burgers.. . Check this place out. Short wait times, friendly staff.
I do have to say I have eaten at this place over 5 times in the last 9 months and I have never had a bad meal. The burgers come out the way you want them, the timing is perfect, and the staff is great. I take friends and family in here all the time when they visit. The gold standard is by far my favorite burger. The sweet potato fries are the best I have ever had. I read the 1 star comments and most of them were right after this place opened. If you had a bad expeience then, go back now. Service has gotten better and better. Price is normal for strip food. Just writing this review makes me want to go buy a burger.
Hands down the best burger place in town. I am writing this review after the 2nd time coming here...forgive me...I am a very busy person with 2 crazy monkeys to raise...Yelp kinda takes a back seat. . I was lucky enough to come here a second time with my BESTEST FOODIE FRIEND, Rob M. (LL Cool Mack if you're nasty) for a belated birthday dinner (I told you I was a busy girl). It wasn't very crowded and we were seated right away. On our way back to our table I spotted the server we had last time...The lovely NOELLE. Noelle is what every server should aspire to be. She is knowledgeable, genuinely caring about your experience (my monkeys loved her) and an all around cool person. If you are smart you will trust her recommendations (she's batting for 1000 after 2 visits). We had the most amazing food:. -New Belgium Hoptober beer. -Lobster truffle mac n' cheese (a MUST...you will be licking the plate clean). -Mini sliders with beef tenderloin, fois gras, arugula, truffle mayo and a wild mushroom demi glaze (they are small but bursting with flavor). -The Gold Standard burger (what they are famous for...I can see why). -The Drunken Monkey adult milkshake (so tasty, not super boosy...even gave some to the monkeys. They loved it). -Maple glazed donuts with vanilla cream filling and bacon bits on top (holy cow I died and went to heaven).. . Now the downside....this place isn't a fast food restaurant. Good food is worth the wait and you will wait a bit here. I appreciated the wait time in between courses so I could digest and really enjoy all my food. If you are in a hurry don't come here...you will be bummed. Also...its kinda pricey but well worth it in my mind. You are looking at around $60 per person depending on what you drink. If you can't afford it...don't eat here...simple as that. . . I will be back soon and hopefully Miss Noelle will be our girl again.
Yes the food is small but it's so delicious the shakes are so good u even forget it has alcohol and the popcorn is really good. Pork belly sliders were so tasty and so was the lobster roll.
Holstein's is a must if one finds himself in Las Vegas. Granted I was in an "altered" state of mind, but damn, words don't do this place justice. If the phrase, "too much flavor" ever had a face, it would be Mr. Holstein himself. My friend and I both had the gold standard and it definitely lived up to that standard. Savory, fresh, and rich. Don't miss out friends! Indulgence has a new location and it's at the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas.
Love this resturant. We got in quickly. Food was amazing. I got the lobster/truffle mac and cheese and my hubby got a hamburger. Both were out of this world. I wish there was one here in Ohio. So good.
Try the Chinese buns. Delicious pork belly, marinated vegetables, and pea shoots. One of my new favorite dishes.
I love, love the Kobe beef burger.... in my opinion I take off the fried avocado and add a friend egg.  Super good!!!  I'm bummed that they took the duck fat fries off the menu, tried them there for the first time and they were delicious.  For an appetizers you must try to fried pickles.  Yummy!!!!
This was by far the best burger I've ever had!!! I ordered the Rising Sun Burger and the meat was SOOO moist!  I loved the teriyaki glaze, tempura avocado, and yam crisps.  Such an interesting and unique blend of flavors.  My boyfriend got the Campfire S'more Bam-Boozled Shake which was delicious and the Gold Standard Burger.  The burger was smokey and rich and the aged goat cheddar cheese, bacon and arugula brought it all together.  . . Holsteins will surely become our go-to amazing meal spot in Vegas.  SOOOOOOO good!  Why does it have to be so far away?
Now this is what you call a burger joint!!!! Best veggie burger I'd ever had. You can clearly tell this wasn't your average frozen veggie burger gone warm on a grill.  This thing had real veggie flavors and real texture.  Nice and hearty and thick just as I was eating a piece of meat :). . I didn't care too much for the french fries or onion rings. The french fries were just french fries.  Nothing to call home about. The onion rings were deep friend too much and you couldn't enjoy it without it crumbling all over you.  . . The milkshakes were G.R.E.A.T!!!!  They had an array of flavors that I'd never seen before.  It was heaven.
This place is the definition of gourmet burger! I had the rising sun, with a friend egg on top?! genius!!! very big and juicy burger, you really cant go wrong. The get real creative with their burgers and its sooo huge that I just gotta keep coming back to try more!
I have lived in Vegas for 10 years.  This is by far the best "high-end" burger place in town.  You can get a beer, burger and fries for under $20.  A real bargain on the strip.  Try the Gold Standard burger, amazing.
Been to Vegas countless times this year and have eaten at Holsteins no less than 5 times. Food is great, and I think the prices are totally fair for the food. From what I can remember we've tried the chopped salad from the GRAZE menu, meat ball, beef, and there was once some sort of steak and arugula grinders that were highly priced but more than worth it on the TINY BUNS menu, California turkey from the BIG BUNS menu, every type of fries they offer, and a few other things I can't remember... Everything is always shockingly good and our drinks are always stiff. Much love Holsteins.. . We once had a less than perfect experience which was immediately taken care of by the manager in a very timely, polite and caring way. This is why there are no stars missing from my review... The way our concerns were addressed and taken care of was highly notable and appreciated.
Kim-chi burger was awesome!
Let me start off by saying that I can't wait to come back here. I love all the starters and tiny buns - oh and lets not forget about the milkshakes! Okay okay - I am getting ahead of myself..let's start at the beginning.. . I came here with a co-worker and we decided to get a bunch of plates to share. We had the following (listed in order by favorite):. . 1-Lobster Mac & Cheese - Lump chunks of lobster in a decant creamy mac and cheese sauce. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.. . 2 - Pizza Twinkie - mozzarella cheese and pepperoni in a twinkie type of dough - deep fried with tomato dipping sauce. Grown up pizza rolls - Yum!. . 3 - Fried Pickles - Nothing more to say - they speak for themselves.. . 4 - Lobster Filet Tiny Bun - Two tiny burgers that are made with filet mignon and topped with lobster. . . 5 - Blue Cheese Kettle Chips with French Onion Dip - These were a bit average. Would not get these again. I could have bough the chip and made the onion dip at home for the same or less price.. . We then moved on to the best part...the HUGE milk shakes (. I couldn't even finish it and I love me some ice cream :-) Try to Oreo or Pumpkin - Out of this world delicious!!
Out of all the places we experienced this trip to Vegas, this was by far the most memorable, happy and delicious dining experience we had! .    Let me just say I'm a huge Top Chef fan.  Also a huge Yelper.  So I had done a lot of research before our trip to Vegas, and this was on my top 3 list to experience on this adventure.  Having been a fan of Carlos on Top Chef (darn those macaroons that did him in), I really wanted to try his restaurant and husband liked the sounds of burgers and shakes..    So, early on a Monday night, we stepped into Holsteins, was greeted warmly and shown to our table.  Waitress was quick and friendly.  Service could not have been better.  We were brought some bbq popcorn to start (neat touch)...I ordered a glass of wine (sorry, know it should've been a shake, but I knew I could count on Husband for that and he did indeed order the Birthday cake one).  Having eaten at Wicked Spoon earlier in the day, we opted to share a burger. .      THE STEAKHOUSE BURGER* / 16.5. BEEF PATTY CRUSTED WITH BLACK PEPPER, . HOLSTEINS CREAMY STEAK SAUCE, MARMALADE . ONIONS, TOMATO CONFIT, WILD MUSHROOMS, SWISS CHEESE.. .     I asked that the mushrooms be served on the side for my husband as I don't do mushrooms.  (no problem).  He chose shoestring fries for the side.  .    I asked the waitress if the "Top Chef" happened to be there on a Monday night?  (surely he would not be?)  She said she didn't know but would check.  Next thing I know he's not only there but coming out of the kitchen to meet us!  What a delightful friendly guy!  AND he informed us that he had hired Craig from the same Top Chef series.  Yep.  A little while later Carlos came out with Craig!  Husband took my picture with both of them!  Oh my gosh, I'm such a geek, but geez these guys worked their tails off on that show and I so respected them and appreciated them for it.  And now I was not only meeting them but eating their food!  This burger was the best burger I've ever had (sorry Bobby Flay, you've finally been surpassed).  And fortunately Husband's shake made him so full he couldn't finish his half of the burger so I got it.  (waitress later told us that it had FIVE scoops of ice cream in it)..     So, full, dessert was mentioned.  I said we were full but had heard about the donuts.  No they didn't serve them any more except with a particular drink.  I expressed sadness to not be able to try it.  Next thing I know, here comes two donut holes, one for each of us, with a cream filling...maple and BACON.  YUM YUM YUM..     THANK YOU Holsteins for our favorite dining experience on this trip to Vegas!  Excellent waitress (sorry I can't remember your name), thank you too and Carlos and Craig, please know you MADE our trip to Vegas this time!
A bit of yelp research led us to have a late lunch at Holsteins during our trip, and we were definitely not disappointed.. . It was a Monday afternoon, around 2pm, so it wasn't too busy. We chose to sit in the lounge and I was surprised that our service was much better than foursquare told me it would be - our waitress was quick with menus and water, and our food came out of the kitchen at a pretty standard speed.. . We started with a Drunken Monkey and a Black Cow. My bf is notoriously picky about milkshakes, and claims that the Monkey is the best milkshake he's ever had. I doubled checked because that seemed like a big claim for him, but he stood by it. Both shakes were really delicious, and my Black Cow didn't seem too boozy, but it must've had plenty of that cherry vodka, because I could taste cherry pretty well. The menu seems to have been adjusted from the one on their website, I think a few of the shakes were different but not the ones we wanted, so it didn't really bother me.. . We also ordered the pizza twinkies - it was either that or fried pickles, but we can get those everywhere in Florida, so we went with what would be more unique. They were really yummy, and the marinara dipping sauce was also delicious.. . Burger-wise, I had the Rising Sun and the bf had the Gold Standard, both cooked medium. The Rising Sun did not disappoint from the rave reviews online - their teriyaki sauce was freakishly delicious,  and the spicy mayo was just the right amount of spicy (the two mixed together were amaaaazing on my fries). The avocado was a little unwieldy, and I would have preferred a few thin slices. I didn't think the avocado needed to be tempura'd, either, but I guess I get the appeal.  The Gold Standard was almost completely devoured by the time I got a bite, so I guess he enjoyed it. Both the shoestring and the steak fries were awesome, I couldn't stop eating either of them. Super crispy and delicious.. . I can't think of any reason to give Holsteins less than 5 stars besides the price (a bit high for burgers but honestly reasonable for the Strip) and the fact that there isn't one in Orlando.
Try the raising sun burger - its good stuff
Phenomenal. . . Burgers were tasty and offered a variety of toppings. I ordered the "Hen House", a burger topped with bacon and fried egg. Awesome. . . Each burger comes with the option of steak or shoe-string fries. Our table had both and the shoe-string were better.. . Beer, beer, and more beer. There is a TON of craft beer available on tap and in bottles. . . Enjoyed the place so much, I went twice during my visit to Las Vegas. Second time was just for the beer.. . This place is a MUST for lunch, dinner, snack, beer, etc.
I can't believe it. I thought it was amazing the first time I went.. . IT GOT BETTER.. . This was my birthday dinner choice, and I did not make it lightly. This time I had the Hen House (burger with fried egg). SO GOOD. And this time took a chance with the alcoholic milkshakes. I had the "Birthday Cake" (appropriately), which had cake-flavored vodka. Did you know cake-flavored vodka existed? NEITHER DID I!!!! The roomie had Captain Crunch, which, yes, has bits of Cap'n Crunch cereal in it.. . The staff was amazing and friendly, even more than usual. It was a busy Friday night, with the Rodeo in town and Marquee getting ready to open for the night, but the servers made our table feel like the most important one. They even brought out jello shots for our table AND desserts for my birthday!. . I can't say enough great things about Holsteins. For the dollar, the atmosphere, and the food, it ranks in my opinion as the best restaurant at the Cosmopolitan.
Unbelievable Burgers! And One of the best beer list I've ever come across! I highly recommend the Gold Standard or Rising Sun Hamburgers!
Holsteins is the best!
Yes, they are amazing. Go. Don't read anymore. Just do it.
Best service & casual dining in the Cosmo by far!!!!
Far better than Umami burger! We tried both the Gold Standard (vegas's version of FO burger) and the Rising Sun.  The Gold Standard didnt have a chance when compared to FO's burger, but the rising sun was a different and very delicious. We even added an egg to it and it was AWESOME. The spicy mayo and the tiny fried yam straws gave it the WOW factor. I definitely recommend coming here if you're in Vegas and try the alcoholic shake too. The cereal bowl was good!
This past Monday my gfs and I dined here for the first time... Everything tasted amazing, the service was excellent. Mike Sanchez was our server and super friendly, prompt, made great suggestions on what to order.. Let me say, the Lobster mac n cheese, fried pickles, calamari, Urth Burger with sweet potato fries, and a Captain Hook burger with a salad was what we all shared and it was superb... Everything had amazing flavor, very addicting.. If you're looking for drinks, try a strong rita... jalapeno infused tequila drink very tasty, not too sweet, my girlfriend ordered a shake which I've been told are the best.. The atmosphere is comfortable, nice, welcoming, and fun. I'd definitely visit this place again.. It was very convenient to dine here before we went to marquee..
Everything stated in my previous review holds true.  I've eaten at Holsteins a number of times, and it has yet to disappoint.
My second time here for a tradeshow, and the first place I suggested to my team was Holsteins! Except I called it 'Shakes n' Moo" cause all I could remember really was the milkshake. . . Last time I tried the veggie burger. I don't really eat meat. This time, though, I made an exception because the burgers here are so juicy and darn good, I temporarily convert. And for good reason, too. . . Nothing to say that hasn't been said, I got the aged steak burger and it did not disappoint. I ate the entire thing and didn't feel an ounce of guilt! . . Yes, gourmet burger. Better than Umami's in LA, better than 25 degrees at the Roosevelt in Hollywood, better than any other burger place I can think of.. . Try it. Love it. Thank me.
The Gold Standard burger lives up to its name and more. Possibly the best burger that I have ever had in my life!. . Their shakes are a fun treat as well. The Apple Pie is one of my faves, with real bits of apple, making it literally taste like they shoved an entire pie in a blender with some rum and ice cream and served it in a giant glass. Also, they give you the extras, so you're really having 2 milkshake glasses instead of one. A tiny girl like me can take one down and be content for the rest of the evening.. . Here's a fun tip for you club-goers: Head to Marquee early and get your stamp. Once you're in, get your drank/dance on for a bit and then leave to go to Holsteins downstairs for a mid-club snack. When you're done, go back upstairs to Marquee's re-entry line and dance the burger/night away. Best way to spend a night in Vegas.
SMORES MILKSHAKE, SMORES MILKSHAKE, SMORES MILKSHAKE. No, but for real... Smores Milkshake. It's on the bamboozling shakes menu, and I may or may not have had it with a double shot of marshmallow vodka, but I can't tell you - what happens in Vegas, after all...
The Lobster Mac and Cheese is to Die for, The Buffalo Wings & The Buffalo Chicken Dip are Amazing...and that's just the Appetizer Menu... My favorite burgers are the Gold Standard and the Nom Nom Burger along with their steak cut fries...OMG. the Shakes.... REALLY... by far "The Campfire S'mores"...BEST Atmosphere and Customer Service in Vegas...There's no way I'd go to to the Cosmopolitan and not check out this place.....
Visiting Vegas for our annual birthday bash, three of my girlfriends and I decided to skip the club line and head into Holsteins for a quick drink before heading out on the town.  Our bartender, Marcell, provided some of the BEST service I've ever experienced, especially considering it was a Saturday night and a nice little crowd had formed at the bar.  Each of us ordered something completely different and he knew exactly what we asked for and prepared them quickly and perfectly.  As soon as one of us would finish our drink he would politely offer another, we did not have to sit there with an empty glass.  Superb service!!!  Needless to say, a "quick drink" turned into an entire night hanging out at Holsteins, listening to great music, dancing in our chairs, laughing and having one of the best nights in Vegas.  We will definitely come back to Holsteins on every future trip we make to Vegas!!
Best burgers I've ever had!!!. . Yes, it is a bit expensive ($15 average but includes fries - sweet potoato fries are $2 extra). Their menu is creative and the amount of sauce they use is perfect. You taste every ingredient from the burger and it is soooo satisfying!!!. . Their beer selection is awesome with many on tap. If you like hard to find/want to try new beer, this is the place for you. . . Ambience is mellow and great for all groups!. . Must try while you are in Vegas if you are looking for the best burger!
One bite the Rising Sun Burger and you're in beef nirvana.  And one bite is all I got, because my dinner companion, AKA significant other, wouldn't share after that.  But that's ok, although my Longhorn burger wasn't as good, it's no flakeout in the burger department.  Just not as exotic an explosion in your mouth as the traditional Japanese flavors that are perfectly introduced into the western standard that is the burger on a bun called, once again, The Rising Sun.  And let me tell you, this burger planetarian will now orbit around this fabulous burger.. . The beers are nice and cold and that's what I reverted to after an uber strong margarita on the rocks.  I treated it like a shot, cause at $14 there's no way I'd leave it sitting on the table.  We were seated immediately, the service was fast, extremely friendly and ready to answer any questions we had about the menu.. . I can't wait to go back, and guess what I'll be ordering next time?  Hai, The Rising Sun.  Arigato Holsteins!!!
Phenomenal burger, the Gold Standard --the goat cheddar cheese, smoked bacon and the fried egg (a must) atop the best beef burger I have had in years.. . Awesome burger, the Steakhoise, with the most delicious crust . . Really delicious shoestring fries, to my mind better than the steak-cut, which seemed overly seasoned. . But you really have to have the bamboozled shakes --with that little bit of liqueur flavor to complement, in our case, the Frozen Grasshopper (mint and vanilla with chocolate chips) and the Apple Pie (yeah that would be pieces of apple pie inside the shake!) and I loved the tasty dried apple slice atop the frothy cream.. . There are over 455 reviews here ---these people can't be wrong.
I am local and I still frequent here.  The only thing better than the burgers is the outstanding staff and the excellent beer selection. (I prefer Brother Thelonious) . . It is not too pricey either, especially since it is in the cosmopoliton.  I only have one suggestion to everyone:  TIP YOUR SERVER !
My favorite restaurant in The Cosmopolitan. Everything is amazing. My favorite shakes are The S'mores & The Drunken Monkey. My favorite app's are the deep-fried pizza twinkies and the buffalo chicken dip. After a shake and an app, you will be extremely full so you'll probably have to take a burg to-go. I recommend The Hen House if you like fried egg on your burg, or The Rising Sun if you like Teriyaki sauce. Both are incredible and they still taste good the next day. Which is of great importance to me because left-overs usually don't taste good at all. Ask for Paulina too, she is adorable and will wink at you a lot!
As good as it gets for a burger joint.. . Their Gold Standard burger was exactly what a burger should be. They dry age the beef 21 days. Get it medium as the chef recommends. It's so unbelievably juicy and it melts in your mouth. The burger is simple, no gimmick, no super weird ingredients to put a spin on things. It's a burger plain, simple and perfect.. . The beer and liquor selection is also top notch. In a town where beer is likely bud, bud, coors, and sam adams, this place differentiates itself with a unique worldly selection that any beer enthusiast can appreciate. Cocktails also were of the crafted nature, taking from the mixology trend and delivering to their customers something unique, tasty and made with attention to detail. . . Ambiance is great. It's a an open layout with spot lighting on each table allowing you to really enjoy the aesthetics of culinary delight with your eyes before heartily enjoying them with your taste buds.
Great flavorful burger!!!! Well worth the $18. . . The waitress told me to order the Gold Standard and she was right on the money. The meat was so juicy and flavorful. Do not put ketchup on this burger!!! When they delivered my burger they gave me the great advice of not adding ketchup until I tried a bite. So glad they told me that because it was so delicious without it.. . I really can't tell you much about the fries. I think I liked them, but I was so into my burger that I couldn't tell you much about them. I actually ordered a Martini to go with this steak burger and it couldn't have been more fitting. . . The service was great. I decided to sit up at the bar since I was rolling solo. Eating an amazing burger, sipping on a Martini and reading Steve Jobs biography. My most mellow dinner in Vegas ever! Enjoyed every bit of it. . . I will make sure next time I am in Vegas I visit and bring my friends for the best burger I have had in quite some time.
Great burgers, EXCELLENT onion rings, and the shakes are all amazing!!! Highlyrecommend!
What better way to cure a hangover with some good ol' greasy burgers! These are not your normal burgers, as i  honestly think I ate the BEST burger here. I ordered a burger that has kobe beef. Kobe beef is too gooood.. . Other than the food, We did not have reservations, but it was not packed so we waited around 5 minutes. . Service was good. . Pre-meal was some flavored popcorn. Personally i hate popcorn, it gets stuck in my teeth, so it was AITEE. . Ambiance is modern, i mean you are eating in the cosmo haha. . . Relooking at the menu, I kinda wish i got a milkshake. They all sound really fricking delish.
I was at the Cosmo last week, and wanted to eat somewhere simple but delicious.. Holsteins hit the spot!! My server, Mike was super friendly and knowledgeable! Customer service alone is a reason to go back, and I will soon because I'm already drooling for another scrumptious Rising burger as I type this !!!
I came here to have a good time and have great food, if I wanted to save my money; I would have gone to Mc Donald's.   Holsteins has "The Billionaire Burger" you have Pan seared Foie Gras ( huge 2 oz portion that you can defiantly see) and Kobe Beef ( grilled to perfection ) together with some port onions and truffle mayo!!!!  I was able to wash it down with a frosty brew ( over 100 different types ).   If you are, a huge fan of beer and burgers, then this is the palce for you!!  Just remember to add bacon to whatever you choose, Bacon makes everything better.  . . ***Remember*** . Vegas = Money . That means you have to spend the money to make money.
At close to 500 reviews for Holstein's, I guess I don't really need to add my opinion but what the hell.. . I cannot come to Vegas without a stop at this restaurant. Seriously. I often wish that I had starved myself a little more before coming so that I could eat more. It's that good.. . Let's start with their bam-boozled shakes. Shakes, yum. Add alcohol? Uh yes please. I've had the frozen grasshopper (peppermint, chocolate, creme de menthe, and chocolate vodka) the birthday cake (I think this might be new since I don't see it on their online menu. Think sprinkles, and bits of cake), and the drunken monkey (reese's, banana, malt, and frangelico). All amazing.. . As for their food, I love their apps. Hello fried cheese curds, truffle lobster mac and cheese, and fried pickles served with fried caper berries, olives, and salami. Though I think their menu has changed. I got the fried pickles again this weekend and there were no other sides to the dish. I was a little sad about it.. . Okay, now for the main course. The burgers. I'm already drooling... The Rising Sun burger is still one of my favorites. Kobe beef with a teriyaki glaze, crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado. Wow. No really, wow. The Hen House burger? Delicious but nothing super fancy. The Korean Bull'gogi burger is yum. I'm a sucker for a fried egg and kimchi and this burger has both as well as chili mayo. And last but not least (for the beef burgers anyway), the Gold Standard burger. Beef sirloin burger with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, arugula and garlic chive aioli. You can't be serious.. . Don't worry vegan/vegetarians, there's something for you too. They have a vegan burger which actually sounds pretty tasty and There is a wonderful salmon burger called Captain Hook. The salmon is thick and moist and comes with pickled shallots, caper herbed mayo, and house cured gravlax. Salmon on salmon. I won't say no.. . All burgers are served with a side and I love their shoe string fries. Crispy, thin and perfectly salted for my taste.. . At this point, if you still care about the ambience and the service, here it is. I like both. The restaurant is nice but not overly fancy.  Service is prompt and friendly but not overbearing. . . After writing this review, I'm tempted to jump in my car and drive down there just for the food. I wish I was kidding...
Rising sun and gold standard was amazing!!! Rising sun was a little too sweet, but the gold standard was perfect. Expensive ass burgers, but very well worth it. Tasteful, full of juice and flavor. I usually like my meat medium rare, but the waitress recommend rare stating that medium rare would be really red and bloody. Ummmmmm it was not red enough! Burgers were still good but wished it was more red. Staff was very friendly, and there was no wait at all during lunch time. Fries weren't that great, but I need to try the shakes next time.
A burger joint that vegetarians can get on board with! Their Urth Burger was one of the tastiest things I have ever eaten ever ever ever.. . We were staying at the Aria, exhausted from a long day of walking, and wanted to get a good dinner with the least amount of pretention. Holstein's fit the bill! We went on a Saturday night @ about 8:00pm. Had to wait about 20 minutes for a table, which was fine because lemme tell you the best people watching in Vegas takes place across the way at the Marquee nightclub -- the shortest skirts, the highest stripper heels, and the douchiest men. My husband and I had a blast watching trainwreck after trainwreck pass by.. . Oh wait this is a burger joint review! So yeah. Urth burger = Awesome. Got a dirty monkey shake but didn't taste any of the alcohol and didn't feel it either, but that's OK because it was yummy enough on it's own. Our waiter was cool and attentive, and this was just an overall fun place to eat. We had fun interpretting the paintings, too! Go!
The burgers are amazing!! So is the service! Lori waited on us the day we went and no complaints from me. Thanks Holsteins for creating yummy food and having fun servers!
My husband and I went to Holsteins for lunch on a Monday, around 12pm. We didn't have to wait at all for a table. I had the best burger of my life (the Gold Standard) at this place...it may have set me back $17.50, but it was worth every penny (well, I suppose it didn't set me back quite that much since we had a Groupon, but I would gladly go back and pay full price for that burger). They brought out smoked cheddar popcorn when we arrived. Quite tasty. My husband got the wings, which were a generous sized portion and also very good. The fries were also crispy and delicious. . . Go. Get the Gold Standard Burger. Oh, and the birthday cake milkshake.
Great burgers and fries! Had the tiny beef buns and was the perfect size! The bucket of fries was enough for 2 people to split.
Best burger, beer, and shakes place on the strip. They have the Bruery Rugbrod on tap! I ordered the Billionaire Burger and it was amazing. They amazing burgers, excellent beers, awesome shakes, and some killer desserts. I can't do enough to promote this place and bring anyone I come to Vegas with to Holsteins. Everything is quality, cleanliness, and service.
This place was great! I gave it 5 stars because everything we sank our teeth into was phenomenal and our service was amazing. My boyfriend got the Rising Sun burger, I got the Golden Standard. Both were awesome. I think his may have been better just because it was so different and all the flavors were spot on!!! I got the oreo shake and he got the peanut butter/banana....both tasted delicious.. . Our waitress, Kristine, was top notch. She was fun, polite, perky, and adorable. That kind of service is what we LOVE. We will definitely come back on our next trip to Vegas :). . If I could change one thing it would be the loud music...I mean, it was pretty loud, hard to have conversation over that loud of music during dinner!
I know this may sound crazy, but please hear me out. I judge a burger joint by its veggie burger. If a joint can turn out a mouth watering veggie burger, then is there anything it can't make delicious? This is how Holstein's has earned my respect and enduring love & loyalty. . . If you're a vegetarian, you can finally rejoice and partake in Las Vegas' "Burger Madness". And even if you're not, Holstein's "Urth Burger" will make you forget you're going meatless for the night. The patty is full of wild and wonderful flavors that just gets better when sprouts and avocado are added. And if you can't handle the vegan version, add the Point Reyes Bleu Cheese to make your burger spectacular. (So far, I've found this cheese to be the best match for this burger.). . Oh, and don't forget the fries. I like mine steak cut, and I like to know they're from real, fresh, quality potatoes. Holstein's certainly doesn't mess around in this department. Trust me, I could tell.. . And don't even think about going here without trying a shake! Come on, get wild and order a "Bam-boozled Shake". I last tried the Oreo Shake with Bailey's Irish Cream. I really couldn't get enough of it.. . And I just can't get enough of Holstein's. I've yet to see evidence of a better burger joint in Las Vegas.
What a great place! Came here last night with a group of 8. The waitress split our bill for us didn't seem too thrilled about it but dealt with it. I ordered the Bulgogi burger and it was probably the best burger ive ever had. Juicy, spicy, sweet delicious. Had a fried egg and kimchee on it. Weird but definitely worth it. Also an order of onion rings. Although pricy when they came out there was a huge plate of them and they were perfectly crisp and totally yummy.  Others had plain burgers, salad, Philly cheese steak spring rolls. Everyone left happy and full. Oh, did I mention milkshakes?
Sat at the bar during a busy lunch hour on Thursday. Packed house but food came out promptly. Funky monkey milkshake-best I have ever had. And I have had a lot of milkshakes!. Had the lamb burger and friend had the regular ol' cheeseburger. Excellent quality, fabulous flavor. I want to go to there....NOW!!!
So many things to try!! I have an obsession with Ahi tuna; therefore, I ordered the sliders. Yum! Everything I tried was delicious... Fried cheese curds, lobster mac n cheese, infused milkshakes, fried oysters, French fries, and etc! . . When they ask, "Fat or skinny fries?" go with fat. It has more seasoning to it. The skinny ones are too skinny for me. They were skinnier than McDonald's.
The burgers are unique and delicious.  You would be crazy to not get a shake as well.  It may be one of the best shakes I've ever had.  We even came back for lunch right before we left Vegas just to get another!
Phenomenal.  In a city with so many dives, this one is a great find.  We went early, so we were lucky to get a seat at the bar (just barely!) where bartender/mixologist extraordinaire Allison  Bignell treated us to libations and burgers.  Let's just say that my partner is a finicky drink man, and Allison worked him like putty, awing him with drink after drink.  The "AJ SPECIAL" with Smirnoff Whipped Vodka, Ciroc Coconut Vodka, Pineapple Juice, Coconut Sorbet was amazing.. . OK, enough about the drinks - let's talk burgers.  You can't go wrong with any burger.  Of course, get it medium rare or rare.  By the time we left (wobbled out), the line was out the door and around the corner.
Outstanding!  If you're in the mood for burgers and fries done right this is your spot.  Perfectly cooked, nice variety of unique ingredients and even an abundance of beers on tap.  We loved it.
No need to read all the reviews below and above this one.. Just go and enjoy.
So I stayed in the Cosmo from March 8-12 and this was the first restaurant that we decided to dine in. Honestly wasn't planning on it but some friends from Las Vegas wanted to meet up here.. . First Impression....Ambiance, music, decor were all spectacularly modern. Place seemed like the spot to be for a Friday night bite. We were seated immediately (arrived at 7ish). The beer list is top notch and that is a huge deal for me when I am getting the evening started. Took us a while to all decide on what we should eat. Seemed like the server got a bit frustrated with our inability to make decisions.. . I went with the GOLD STANDARD, based on the servers recommendation. I have never had a dry aged burger, but boy am I craving one now holy smokes. Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli....I usually like to dry dog my meat....not one for lubrication as far as condiments and such go. But they did a fantastic job focusing on not slopping up such a delightful cut... er uh grind of beef. Pretty close to the best burger I have ever sunk my teeth into. Didnt even get around to polishing off the sweet potato fries....first ones I have ever had that were actually crispy...I understand how dificult it is to crispify a sweet potato fry.. . Server really pushed the spiked shakes...but I was so full....he said "Dude I can put it in a to-go cup for you"....I caved into the Raspberry Cheesecake Shake it was damn good....even after a night in the freezer...Vodka shake is good for breakfast boys and girls.. . ****Server Cheesed it up by fist bumping me*****. thought that was kinda lame but whatever. . EAT . AT. THIS. PLACE. WHEN. GOING. ON. A. BENDER. IN. LAS. VEGAS!
THIS IS FOR THE CRISPY PORK BELLY SLIDERS ONLY ****. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=xEF1cmAPXZksUYtU3OGNZA. . O.M.G. This was AMAZING. I'm Chinese, meaning I'm used to eating Peking Duck at every single big family dinner, so my palette for this dish is highly refined. But shoooot this crispy pork belly is a delicious rendition of the Peking Duck...dare I say even BETTER than the OG dish??. . + The pork belly is PERFECTLY cooked. Crispy on the outside (a little bit of burnt so you can taste the smokiness!), and extremely tender inside.. + Fresh cilantro and herb complements, with jalapenos on the side for those non-spicy eaters!. + Hoisin sauce is a must! XOXO. + LOVED the buns! Although it was thick, it complemented all the ingredients and didn't leave you feeling that you just ate too much dough. + It was NOT dripping with oil!!! I'm in Vegas, so I don't want to feel more bloated from anything else (except from the alcohol of course), and surprisingly, this didn't make me feel disgusting afterwards!. + The best part? It came in 3! Sharing is caring (:. . Definitely zee best dish at Holsteins. Forget the burgers, CRIPSY PORK BELLY FTW!
Dear Holsteins,. . When I first laid eyes on you, I knew it was meant to be. Your name. Your hip, too-good-to-be-a-burger-joint atmosphere. Your alcohol-infused, belly-busting milkshakes. Your everything. . . Then I tasted you. Again and again. I couldn't get enough. Now I'm sitting here missing you, wishing I could be near you again, gazing at you and inhaling your savory offerings.. . Why did I leave you behind? I want to be close to you again. I want to make sweet, sweaty love to you. I want to bury my face in your buns. . . Oh Holsteins, how I love you.
The food here is EXCELLENT! We grabbed a late dinner before heading to Marquee that night and had a blast!. . The restaurant is one of the more casual places in the Cosmo, but don't let that make you think that the food is subpar. This may have been the best burger I've ever had and Holstein's is definitely a must visit the next time I'm in town.
One of the best burgers I have ever had, if not the best.....and I'm a BIG burger lover.. . I had the Longhorn Burger (Beef Patty Topped With Texas Smoked Beef Brisket, Whiskey Bbq Sauce, Creamy Cole Slaw & Dill Pickle) for $16.. . The burger was EPIC and just melted in my mouth....it also comes with french fries. . . Service was good and they have a nice selection of dranks. I wish I would have gone back for a second meal during my short Begas stay. I guess I have something to look forward to for my next trip to the Begas besides a hangover and lost wages.
When you are in the mood for a burger and want something with a creative spin, there are plenty of options in this town. This is certainly one of the top ten.. . You'll love the environment here. It's got a trendy, unique array of decor, much like the rest of the Cosmo. Sort of a street art style. . The waiter will definitely pressure you to have alcohol, which is as you'd expect, a bit expensive here. We weren't in the mood for any drinks at the time and were feeling pretty cheap with our groupon in hand so we politely declined. He recommended their award winning Gold standard burger for myself, and their asian style burger for my girlfriend. I must say that they both came out heavenly.. . Mine was a savory, sirloin steak patty served on blue cheese, arrugula and tomato. I substituted an egg in place of the bacon. Not particularly unique but what can I say-- it was love at first bite. The meat just melted off the burger with each bite, the arrugala complimented the rest of the flavors so well. I devoured every last bit, including the steak fries, which are noteworthy here. something about the way they cook their steak fries gives them this dark brown hue, much like the potato logs that you can get at the grocery deli. I absolutely love this style and much prefer it over the yellow, solid texture of the steak fries at Fatburger or Golden Steer.. . Let me also say that my girlfriends meal was absolutely delightful as well. I ended up finishing the last 1/3 of her burger made with kobe beef and drizzled with a tasty sweet teriyaki glaze. Damn good but I prefer a similar one I had at Bachi. I still think that as far as asian style burgers go, you are better off making a trip to Bachi Burger, but for anything else you ought to give this place a try. . . Perhaps I wouldn't have been so enthusiastic about the food if I had paid full price. This place is far from cheap and my groupon really helped lessen the burden on my wallet. Still, the burger was just so memorable that I could very well see myself coming back here when I'm in the cosmo again. And we haven't tried the shakes so I guess that alone is a good reason to come back. I thoroughly enjoyed this place and I am confident that you will too--give it a shot.
One of the best hamburgers I've had in a while.. Good service, food and shakes!!
Been herea couple times and it's a must if you're hankering for a burger. . . - Rising Sun: Kobe beef with a tempura avocado, genius. I ask for the teriyaki glaze on the side because it's too sweet for me and I also add a fried egg ($1). It's freaking awesome - just get it already. . - Gold Standard: the aged goat cheddar cheese was too overpowering for me. It's good just not as good as Rising Sun.. - Korean Bullgogi: the kimchi was good. A little on the sweet side. . . Bottom line - just get The Rising Sun. I prefer the steak fries out of the shoestring fries, onion rings and steak fries but they're all really good. . . Shakes: don't make the mistake I did and get them to-go. You do not get as much as you would dining in and everyone knows the best part of a shake is that extra in the silver mixing cup. . - Cereal: my favorite so far and I like the captain crunch. . - Cow Float: pop rocks sounded cool. That's it - just a float. . - Drunken Monkey: like eating a candy bar  if that's what you want. . . Overall, good burgers but at a price. If you were lucky and snagged a groupon, nice because after talking with the manager, it doesn't seem like they plan on doing it again.
Wow.  One of the best burgers I've had in a very long time, and the overall meal was exceptional and reasonably priced.  Went with a buddy of mine for a late lunch, expecting to pop in and out, but this was a meal worth savoring.  I got the Lobster Truffled Mac & Cheese to start, which was slightly runnier than I would have liked, due to what the waiter referred to as "copious amounts of tellagio and mascarpone cheeses", but the dish was flavorful and solid.. . The real treat however was the burger.  My friend and I both had the Gold Standard, his without the goat cheddar in favor of regular cheddar, and mine with.  They were both cooked perfectly, which is hard to do when you get an order for "Extremely Rare, and I mean mooing", but they nailed it.  They nailed my medium rare as well, and the combination of the tomato confit in place of standard tomato (simply brilliant idea, why have I not seen that done before?) and the strong cheese combined with a thick, juicy, perfectly prepared piece of bacon and garlic-chive aoili made it the first burger I haven't put ketchup on in I can't even remember how long, and I'm so glad I did.  Ketchup would have destroyed this exquisitely crafted creation.. . Despite the raving, I considered giving this review 4 starts rather than 5 due to the consistency of the appetizer and the over-saltiness of the steak fries that came with my burger, but ultimately, those trivial details pale in comparison to the awesome that was that burger.  If you're in Vegas, and you're looking for a meal that won't break your budget and will give you plenty to talk about, try out Holsteins.  You will not be sorry.  Also, if waitresses that are easy on the eyes are your thing, I suggest sitting at the bar and ordering from there.
Excellent & unique burgers, along with a great selection of beers.  Their alcoholic shakes were quite tasty as well - my friend had the Cereal Bowl (very sugary) and I had the Black Cow Float (very good).  . . I've had the Gold Standard burger; not a fan - goat cheddar overpowers the burger.  Instead, I would recommend the Rising Sun - oooh, so delicious.  The tempura avocado was the excellent icing on the cake.
I came here specifically for the Urth Burger with no intention to even glance at the milkshake section of the menu. But somehow my eyes were caught by the words "Guava Float.". . Damn, that sounds good. Skyy Citrus Vodka, house-made guava soda, coconut sorbet, pink bubble sugar, completely dairy-free! I just had to order it. Damn... http://su.pr/1OTBxJ. . Sipping on this fruity paradise made the atmosphere a little more tolerable. You see, I had flown into Vegas early that morning, spent most of the afternoon walking all around the strip and all I wanted was a quiet relaxing dinner. Little did I know that the Marquee nightclub was right next door and Holsteins tries to draw in that Saturday night crowd with a DJ playing loud booming music and having the waitresses wear short, tight, red dresses. But somehow, the Guava Float ($11) made all of that tolerable. I couldn't taste the booze but I was feeling that buzz :). . The Urth Burger ($13) was rockin! House-made vegan patty, lettuce, tomato, cucumber, sprouts & avocado. Yummmmmm!!! The skinny fries that it came with were also dangerously addictive. http://su.pr/2KKpvM. . The artwork in here, which I think is created by a local artist, is kickass! One of my favorites: http://su.pr/6tjK9n. . As good as everything was, it was also extremely filling. Thank goodness for leftovers that save me money while in Vegas! And yes, next day Urth Burger with skinny fries are still good!. . Great food, great service, fun atmosphere. Who would've thought that a vegan can not only survive but be amazed by a burger & milkshake restaurant! Viva Las Vegas :)
Came here for a pre-concert meal by a suggestion of a friend. Couldn't thank him enough!. . We arrived around 630 and had no wait at all to be seated as a party of 4. Loved the funky feel of the decor it stood amongst the rest of the trendy burger place popped up all over Vegas lately. . . For starters we got the chicken buffalo dip (must try!), the lobster mac n cheese (I'm not much a seafood person and I still enjoyed it), and the fried pickles (who doesn't like fried pickles). The GM (Sergio) came over and greeted us and was very helpful giving his suggestions as to what to order. For entrees the other 3 in the group all ordered the "rising sun" and per Sergio's suggestion my hubby added a fried egg. I went against the stream and ordered the "korean bullgogi". All of us were speachless when the food arrived and all agreed it would be awhile before we could ever eat a burger from anywhere else cause we didnt want to tarnish the taste of these burgers!. . Before heading out my girlfriend and I ordered some of the adult shakes to go. She got the grasshopper and I ordered the guava float. Both again were well worth the cost of $11 (really a steal considering you'll pay about $15 for a red bull/ vodka at a casino floor bar). . . Yes the prices may be a bit much for burgers but really wasn't isn't pricey about Vegas anymore! And for the freshness and quality you get at Holsteins its well worth every penny. This will be one of my must return to spots for future Vegas trips, even if just a stop at the bar to grab another shake.
This place is pretty cool and pretty delicious.  It reminds me of some of my favorite restaurants in San Diego -- delicious twists on your everyday food (philly cheese steak spring rolls and truffle lobster mac n cheese?!?) and of course a huge beer selection.  Despite the huge temptation that the appetizer menu drew, I'd picked this place with burgers in mind and so I stuck with burgers and wasn't disappointed.. . The Gold Standard Burger (beef sirloin, bacon, goat cheese, tomato confit, arugula & garlic-chive aioli) was excellent and cooked to medium perfection.  I payed a bit extra to have sweet potato fries instead of the shoestring, and though they were tasty I preferred the shoe string that I got to try off my boyfriends' plate.  The burger in addition to being a hefty portion was also flavorful in every way.  I was HUGELY satisfied.  Also tried the yummy artichoke guacamole (served with fresh made pita chips).. . The atmosphere is kind of urban/trendy with fun, bright colored paintings on the walls.  The wait wasn't long on a Sunday afternoon (no one ahead of our large party, we just had to wait until the staff got a table together).  We had a hot waitress and plenty of other people walking around to bus tables and refill drinks and waters.  The whole experience was worth five stars and I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here again.
Awesome boozy milkshakes. Try the almond joy!!! Really good food... Especially after a night out. Great service. . . As a local the only downside was the amount of drunk tourists that would not leave me and my friends alone. Other than that... Awesome.
best. burger. ever.
Great place to get a quick bite to eat when you are in the Cosmopolitan.  . . Service is adequate.  first time we ate here, it was a tad slow, but the food was delivered quickly.  the second time, the waiter was really good.. . The burgers are awesome.  I had the Gold Standard both times.  Highly recommend.  I wanted to try something else the second time, but couldn't get over how good it was the first time.  Didn't try a shake, but that's for next time.
Real text sent to friend - "You MUST eat at Holstein's buns and shakes next time you're in Vegas and order the Gold Standard med rare w/ onion rings! You must!!!". . One more addition to this review...Amanda, our server was entertaining and knowledgeable.  She made the meal that much better.  You should definitely ask to be seated in Amanda's section.
So we decided to go here our last day at the cosmopolitan before heading back down to LA, and i have to say, it was a very good decision.. . Service:. excellent.  ourwaiter was always around while we were looking through the menu to give us suggestions and answer any questions and was very knowledgeable of the menu.  drinks were always full and extra sauce was brought out fast. . Atmosphere:. a little casual and kicked back feeling, but still a little more fancy than most casual places just due to how it felt in the restaurant probably because of the lighting and the layout. . Food:  (the most important part, right?). I will start out by saying that if you have ever been to Unami, it is very much like that, but i felt it was even better.  I got the gold standard burger, and it was very good.  the patty had that great fluffy texture and not super packed like at most burger places which made it extra juicy.  the tomato mix they put on it made it very much like bruschetta and was a nice change from just a plain old tomato.  the arugula on it added a nice bitter taste to contrast with the tomato and meat, along  with the bite from the goat cheese cheddar that they put on.  just to throw it out there, the goat cheese threw me for a loop because i am used to goat cheese being very soft like it usually is, but the goat cheese cheddar on the burger was a pretty hard texture, almost like a parmesan but it still had that amazing goat cheese taste.  the bun was to me a standard type bun that you would expect at a gourmet burger place, but it was toasted just right and soaked up the juice from the burger patty very well.  I also got an order of the shoestring fries which were seasoned perfectly that i didn't even bother asking for anything to do them in (i usually dip my fries in blue cheese dressing).  the fries were very crispy since they were pretty thin, but salted perfectly and there was a decent sized portion of them also.. . the only thing that wasn't super awesome to me was the prices (i believe the gold standard was around $17) but for typical vegas prices, it isn't too bad.  and considering it was bigger and better than unami for around the same price, it isn't that big of a deal.  I will return again to try something different off the menu.
One of the greatest dining experiences I've had all year, maybe all life.. Burger was succulent, excellent roll, each bite was juicy and delicious.. The Oreo Milkshake had some amazing aftertastes, and the entire experience from onion rings to fried pickles was a heavy one.  I went into a food coma afterwards for about 1/2 a day.  We ate at 4 p.m., and I was done for the rest of the day!. . Highly, highly recommended.
I decided to try this place out after work & what a lively, happening atmosphere I walked into. You can easily access this restaurant, which is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel by entering in their garage parking & find a spot in the East side area. Once you get in the elevator, hit the button #2 that says Wicked Spoon and Convention Center. When you come out, walk to your right & in seconds you'll be hearing some jammin' music & see an array of colorful artwork all over this place.. . I checked in with the hostess & was told to walk in the middle of the room, where another hostess was waiting to escorted me to my table. Quick & prompt just the way I like it ;) I sat in front oftwo nice sized flat screen tvs to watch the sports channel. It was literally a money spot. Front row view & nobody to block lil' ol' me. I like this spot.. oh yes I do.. . My server, Jonathan acknowledged my presence & was greeted ever so swiftly as he finished with an order from another party. Giving me his undivided attention, he did the squat to talk to me, which I felt was a better way in interacting and actually connecting with a guest. A more personable approach I would say... I asked him if there was any way I could take my food to go, since I explained that I would like to share it with my Family and he was more than willing to oblige my request. . . He went over the menu with me & gave me the highlights on each item I was interested in trying. I appreciate his honesty on how I should get my Salmon cooked and what I could possibly add if I would like it to be more juicy & flavor in the Turkey choice that I ordered. Jonathan was very helpful and didn't mind taking the time to let me know what he thought would enhance my dining experience. Kudos to that & without even giving me my food yet & I gave him his well deserved tip. I think he even bowed & said thank you so much. Wait.. I think I bowed to him first?!?? Eh it's in my culture to bow when I appreciate & respect someone. Koreans have a certain hand gesture when giving someone a card, dish, drink, anything exchanging from one another. Don't mind me.. I'm just being ME.. . Tom Turkey Sliders ( comes in 3's ) from the Tiny Buns Section - When you first glance at these trios... Adorably cute. It consists of sprouts, cucumber slaw, & Russian dressing on the side. The dressing itself is between a hint of Horseradish & Thousand Island Dressing. It gives off a tangy bite at first, then instantly mellows out like cream. The tiny buns oddly enough had the texture of taffy.. a bit on the dry side, But I ended up liking the chewy bites. I generously dipped my slider in the dressing & although it wasn't all grand slam.. I was pleasantly happy with the meat portion, which was thick & juicy. . . Crispy Pork Belly Bun - ( comes in 3's ) Think of Peking Duck Steamed Bun & instead of chives, its thinly sliced cucumber & pea shoots. I swear there was cilantro in the mix too. The hoisin sauce is more like a Chinese barbeque-like sauce that has somewhat a balanced mix of tangy, salty, and sweetness some fruity undertones. The steamed buns were fluffy and so soft. The pork belly was nicely cooked to perfection in such a way, being so tender, yet crisp on the outer portions of the meat. A combination that anybody would love.. . Captain Hook - I ordered the grilled Atlantic Salmon medium as my server recommended and it looked ravishing. I would say this is a good looking burger. Succulent and vibrant. Marvelous in taste combining the house cured gravlax aka thinly sliced raw salmon atop with the grilled salmon. Together with pickled shallots, herb-caper mayo, and frissee leaves.. This was definitely a Hit for me, especially if you like textured meats. I chose the shoestring instead of steakcut fries that comes with this meal. Thin, crispy, and tasty! I have to note.. the meat was unbelievably moist and juicy. I'm Hook'ed!. . My Family and I enjoyed all the burgers. The music at Holstein's is fresh. Even made me want to workout in my mouth and tapped Both of my feet to the beats. Friendly staff and wonderful service. I would recommend Jonathan again to be my server. I did observe his interaction with his guests while waiting for my food to go. He was exceptionally polite and attentive to every table he had. I even heard compliments to him from another table next to me. I did skip on the shakes this time, but the Oreo is my favorite! The artwork here is uniquely admirable. I like the way they hold this place down with colors that will tickle your sweet tooth. Great location for people watching and even mingling :P
off the charts good... bbq burger topped with briskit!   . chocolate shake and fries good also .. though the onion rings at the next table looked better than my fries! . every burger combo you could want plus build your own style-- reasonable price considering it was the heart of the strip too!
My friend Kim and I stumbled upon this place after finding out the buffet at Cosmo ended early. We found the menu to be quite appetizing. We ordered truffled lobster mac and cheese, steak fries, coconut shrimp, and crispy pork belly buns. Our bill was way less than expected. Under $50 for two people! Service was alright. It was also Memorial weekend. A lot of younger crowds dining here with a good thirty minute wait.
One of the most amazing meals I've had.. . Here's what I ordered:. - Rising Sun. - Nom Nom. - Drunken Monkey Shake. - Lobster mac n' cheese. . I just came back this weekend, but I would go back in a heart beat!
Went there twice in 2 days and I must say it has some of the best burgers Ive had. Maybe not as good as the ones at Olives, Bradley Ogden or N9ne but this is a relaxed spot in the Cosmo. Plus its cheaper. We had the Gold standard, Millionaires and the rising sun. All three were  so good but Im glad we decided to share. If you can share with somebody its the best way to choose. Our waitress was really nice and provided great service. I love staying at the Cosmo and cant wait to come back here over and over.
This restaurant has a fun set up consisting of a bar area, seating area with couches and low tables, and a normal dining area with tables and chairs. Get the couch area if you can! . . They really weren't lying when they said they had the best burgers in Vegas. The lobster mac n' cheese is small so don't worry about getting full and not making it to the burger. The Gold Standard was delicious and consisted of bacon and meat and more meat.
Loved it!  I had the Long Horn burger, steak cut fries, and a shake for dinner.  The burger was cooked perfectly (medium).  Burger had sliced BBQ smoked brisket, and coleslaw on it.... ridiculous!  No complaints on service either.  Definitely going back.
Korean burger...all the way...shockingly awesome...I am craving it so bad every day after my Vegas trip and I tried Umami's Korean burger in LA but it really disappointed me... . Sweet potatoes were not a fave for my group of friends. Service is nice!
Everytime I'm in Vegas, I always make it a point to stop at Max Brenners for one of their frothy, calorie-enriched shakes; however, this time, my resident-friend suggested I try Holsteins.  It isn't the same type of shake, but thought it wouldn't hurt to give it a try.. . Yeah I know they have alcoholic shakes, but it was 2pm, and all I really wanted was a milkshake. The shake menu looked pretty interesting, but I gravitated towards the cereal bowl, primarily for my love of capn crunch cereal. She ordered the smores which was cool cause I'd get to try hers too.. . Anyway, upon my first sip. WOW. I was blown away. That is one f@cking good shake, amongst the other complimentary profanities that erupted from my lips. . . Damn Holsteins. Now I'm excited to try your burgers n things.
**** 4.5 stars ****. . One of the great miracles of Las Vegas is that you can eat like a fatty fat fat all day every day and still go to pools surrounded by gorgeous plastic-pumped women and sing nonsense like "Sexy And I Know It", regardless of any absence of truth to that assertion. Holsteins provides the perfect venue for stuffing your face on delicious patties of top quality beef while also getting an eye full of the local ladies. Unbeknownst to me at the time, the same chef is behind this as Public House, where I had dined the night before, and his love of squeezing his employees into clothing that might be mistaken for a table cloth was much more prominent here than there. The decor here is also just dope. I love the slightly sick toons on the walls, and there are homage to pigs and cows all around. If you look at most of the complaints here it's from people who didn't actually order a burger, so I suggest you take those reviews for what they are, and don't make the same mistake.. . But, since it's Vegas, you will still stuff your face to the maximum in front of this beautiful bevy, knowing that you're helping to pay for their salary so that they can go to the pool tomorrow and pretend guys like you don't exist (until you buy them a pitcher of margaritas, then you're superstar hero of the next couple minutes, congrats). Brian and I both took the luxury route on the menu here, although I passed on the Billionaire Burger with Kobe beef, foie gras, port onion marmalade and truffle mayo, because I've already had half a dozen burgers like this across America and they all taste roughly the same...rich and oily. It was honestly more difficult passing up the Rising Sun burger, a truly unique combination of Kobe beef with a teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado...super intriguing, and if I had been dining with someone I was dating I likely would have tried to persuade them in that direction. Somehow I managed to also resist ordering a decadent milkshake, perhaps because we were eating dinner just 4 hours after we had managed to roll out of bed for lunch.. . I finally wound up deciding on the Gold Standard burger, a dry aged beef sirloin patty topped with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula and a garlic-chive aioli...nothing too crazy, but lots of big, bold, wonderful flavors, and at $18 the most expensive burger not topped with foie gras. The result was pretty fantastic, definitely one of the better burgers I've had lately, and came with a monstrous basket of nicely done sweet potato fries (for a supplemental charge). My biggest complaint, which is kind of random, is that they skewer the burgers with their own stupid little logo stick to keep the bun on for presentation, which has the resulting effect of causing huge gobs of mayo or sauce to squirt from the hole in the top every time you take a bite. Eating these burgers is a mess, to be sure, especially when you add on a fried egg as I do, but if you're like me you've already realized you're not taking one of the voluptuous vixens home (although my reason is probably different than yours) so you've resigned your face to more indulgent pleasures, like egg yolk, garlic aioli, and hamburger grease.. . Just make sure to thoroughly wash your beard, or your own lady might catch on...and get jealous.
Stayed in Vegas for four days and dined here three times. . . Service was wonderful and on point two out of the three times. On the other visit the server wasn't attentive and didn't check on us until we were finished. . . The food was excellent during the three visits. On the first visit I had the turkey burger it came with sprouts, tomato, onion, lettuce topped with pepper jack cheese. I stole a few of the hub's wedge cut fries and they were great with a good seasoning and not greasy. On the second visit I tried the house salad topped with salmon. It came with avocado, tomato and mixed greens with balsamic dressing. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the portion was just the right size. On the last visit I tried the vegan burger. It was a house made patty with veggies and had a crispy breaded outside. It came with lettuce, onion, tomato and avocado. It was one of the best vegan burgers I have had. I don't know how they do it but the patty was juicy and was tasty. . . The drunken monkey adult shake is out of this world! A combo of banana, peanut butter cups, ice cream and liquor. It is a bit pricy for $11. bucks but they do fill a shake glass and give the metal cup with the extra shake. If you get a shake don't order a lot of food since this shake is almost a meal by itself or make sure to share. . . Price is average for a restaurant in Vegas $14-$18.00. Food is delish, ingredients are fresh, portions are large and for the most part service is good. . . I hope they open a location in the bay area . On my next trip to Vegas I will be sure to make a fourth visit.
I can't say enough good things about this place.  They do what do very, very well.  . . Lately, I'm all about the lamb burger they call "The Big Greek."
The burger was great. The sweet potatoe fries good could have used something else to stand out. Great selection of draft beers along with a list of bottled beers. And the shakes AWESOME. Must do if your in Vegas
So it was our first time at Holstein's and it was GREAT. I tried the Nom Nom Burger, and it was delicious! The steak sauce they had there wasn't A.1. Steak Sauce, it was their steak sauce and the flavor was interesting, it tasted like there was some horse radish in there. My family had a Henhouse Burger and a Crispy Pork Belly Bun with a Main Lobster Roll. We thought the Main Lobster Roll wasn't that good but everything else was. When you order fries I would recommend getting the steak-cut fries because they are soft but crispy instead of the shoestring fries because they are too hard. Out of all I would rate it 5 stars.
Super awesome burgers.  A little disappointed that they took the burger with kimchi and egg but still a really great place for a reasonable price.
The best bar food around...but it can get pretty crazy here as marquis is right next door. The bartenders are super cool! I got the lobster rolls...outstanding!
Quote: "Concerto if flavors playing in sync with one another to deliver a magnificent performance worthy of kings...", by me.
they get 5 stars for doing it ALL right. . The service was on point. The atmosphere was classy and yet you coulda rolled in for a casual meal. The food...I mean a burger thats got Foie Gras...need i say more!. The drinks, well "grown-up" milkshakes are okay with me anyday. . Do yourself a favor and when in Vegas...eat HERE
This place was expensive by normal standards, although for Vegas standards, not so much. I had a regular burger, which I thought would just be average but was AMAZING. I also had one of their adult milkshakes.... OH MY GOSH it was so good and barely tasted like alcohol. I wanted to go back here the next night for dinner. That's how good it was. A must go to in Vegas.
The Billion Dollar Burger.  Awesome!!!!  I know, foie gras is controversial, but the earthiness and creaminess of the goose liver goes so well with the perfectly seasoned burger, the truffle mayonaise and onion marmalade you'd think they were always meant to be served with each other.  For us Angelinos who don't have anymore foie gras, this is just another reason to visit Vegas (though I did hear that a loophole is restaurants can serve it in Ca, they just can't charge for it - i.e., order of hamburger with a complementary slab of fg). It's $28 with a side order of fries and well worth it.  I got the shoestring fries and thought it was a good choice.  If they had served this burger at the council meeting, the bureaucrats would have motioned for dismissal.  . . Will have to go back to try the Gold Standard, but will probably order the billion dollar burger again anyway.
For most of my life I thought that In N Out burger was the best burger around.  That's until I discovered Holstein's Shakes and Buns.  This place might have the tastiest burgers in the world.  I ordered the Gold Standard Burger and i couldn't believe my taste buds! Simply delicious!   It is a little pricey but well worth it.  Their alcoholic shakes are pretty good as well.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas so that I can visit this place again.
This place is good! Hands down. I had the rising sun burger, which was Kobe beef topped with teriyaki sauce and avocado. They fumbled my order and I had to wait about 45 minutes total (I was by myself). The bartender apologized though and offered to comp my beer. Overall this is an awesome place and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves a good burger.
First thing to remember about Holstein's is their menu is reflected by the time of day (a very important tip to avoid frustration). I went late night and expected a full menu, but was told instead it was their late night menu so that was a nice segway to drink and have "finger food" as I called it. That would've been nice to know over the phone prior to making the trek over there.. . I decided to drain my frustrations in a spicy bloody mary and I'll be damned if it wasn't as advertised. Clamato with jock itch is more like it, but either way it did tickle the taste buds quite well and I HATE spicy! We also had ordered the lobster mac n cheese (2 by accident) and it was hit or miss. The first one was beyond salty and the 2nd one was spot on and the bread crumb crust was a delight down the pipes! We also did try the surf n turf quesadilla which was small, but delectable!. . Disappointed with things we decided to go the day after for lunch. As a "preflight" meal, they gave us salt and vinegar popcorn which I wolfed down! I really thought to myself GROSS, but upon chomping away all I could say was YES YES YES! I felt Rockafeller so I dove into the billionaire burger and that was by far the best burger I have ever had. I ordered it medium rare after watching the food channel and from bun to bun the taste was nothing but fun! It was juicy, the foie gras and truffle mayo was a true jackpot! . . To top it off you must must get an alcoholic milkshake as well to wash down the meal. I had the campfire smore and it's one of the many things in life that make you go hmm. If you don't make this a stop on your Vegas outing you forever will be square and not there!
Their burgers changed the way I perceive a good meal.  Probably the best burger I've ever eaten has come from Holsteins.  Amazing food and at a reasonable price for the Vegas strip.
The fellas and I were looking for a quick dinner option before hitting the club this particular night. Luckily, after walking to the exit and realizing it was pouring outside, we turned around and noticed Holsteins across the hall from the Marquee. . . First and foremost, the service was friendly and the staff did a great job. Secondly, the food was well worth it. . . To start, they bring out seasoned popcorn that was quickly devoured by us. Next I ordered the Frozen Grasshopper (a Bam-Boozled Shake) that consisted of Peppermint, Chocolate, Creme De Menthe, Van Gogh Chocolate Vodka. While it was good, it was definitely a lot (couldn't finish it after the burger). . . And lastly, their burger. My, what a burger! After being torn between the Gold Standard & Fun-Ghi Big Buns, I decided to go with the Gold Standard. Now this burger is as follows: Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli. I ordered mine medium and it was plated as such. The sirloin was cooked to perfection with a beautiful char outside and juicy inside. The smoked bacon and aged goat cheddar gave it a great kick, but for me, the magic came in the garlic-chive aioli. I mean, WOW, what a burger! . . Every bite was tasteful, satisfying, and worth every penny. It was easily one of the best burgers I've ever had. All the ingredients played beautifully with one another, and came together to form a great experience. . . Will remain a favorite in Vegas and one I MUST revisit whenever I'm in town. So should you.
The best salmon burger I've ever had. Staff were cool and for Vegas the burgers were cheap. Can't wait to come back
The best burgers anywhere!!  My son told us about it, and my brother went and told us about it so we had to try it.  . . I had the Mojito and it was so refreshing!!  My husband ordered the Drunken Monkey shake and he really enjoyed it.  . . we were to share our orders since we wanted to try the various burgers.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna Sliders and my husband ordered the Billionaire Burger with the foie gras and truffle mayo.  Well, when our burgers were delivered I only had 3 small bites of the burger....I was in heaven.  My tuna sliders were okay, because the buns were a little hard and dry.  I was in heaven when I bit into the burger though!!  The french fries were fantastic as well.  The burger was expensive, but well worth it.. . We sat on the couches in the lounge for lunch, because we didn't want to wait 15 minutes for a table.  It was like having lunch in our living room.. . We will be back!!
I went with 4 of my friends so luckily I had the opportunity of trying a lot of different things at once.  (I highly recommend doing this, especially at a place like Holsteins where their menus are endless) . . For milkshakes, we were able to try the basic Strawberry and the alcohol infused Grasshopper.  I would definitely recommend trying at least one of the specialty alcohol milkshake.  The Grasshopper was definitely a hit among my friends.  Unfortunately for those who love tasting the danger in drinks, the alcohol amount is very light and you'll enjoy the unique mixture of sweet tastes rather than the intoxication.  . . Like how the past reviewers mentioned, the burgers are a bit on the expensive side.  Each burger meal does come with a pint size-like bucket of fries but it's not worth puffing your stomach if you're planning to squeeze into a dress 2 hours later.   I ordered the Crispy Pork Belly Bun under their "Tiny Buns" section.  Loved it.  Go for any appetizer items for your meal.  The size was more than enough.  My friends were eyeing my meal the most and I was the only one without a burger.  . . With burgers, the "Rising Sun" is a must.  Kobe beef drizzled with nori furikake and crispy yam in between? Yeah you want that.
Holsteins came highly recommended by a friend and I was excited to try it for lunch during my stay in Vegas.  I ordered the Chicken burger which was overwhelmingly delicious (topped with a fried egg, bacon and cheese).  My sister order the kobe burger which was incredibly tender and juicy (by the time I went to ask her if I could have another bite- it was demolished).  They also have a variety of beers and very friendly staff.  I'll be sure to go back the next time I'm in the area :)
Located on the second floor of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. this burger place on steroids is not to be missed. Not only do they have some very creative burger creations but milkshakes with alcohol in them.  They will flatten you (both the burgers and the shakes). Try the duck fat fries, they are pure poison (I mean that in a good way). It is a bit noisy but who really cares, you not out for an elegant night of fine dinning. Stop by give it a try. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Very good burger..... . I have eaten burgers here on three different occasions.  It is convenient since I often stay at the Cosmo while in Vegas.. . My first two times I was here, I was not impressed by their burgers.  This 3rd time, I ordered again their Rising Sun burger (Kobe beef, teriyaki sauce, yam, spicy mayo, tempura avocado).  The combination of different flavors worked really well together and this burger is definitely a hit with me.  The bun, a standard burger bun, was a bit stiffer than I prefer but the overall goodness of the burger makes me overlook this minor shortcoming.  I strongly recommend trying this burger.. . The fries were ordinary and need salt, imo.. . Holsteins offers a good range of exotic beers which I always like to taste-test when I am out.  Perhaps about 15 beers on tap of non-standard-fare beers.. . Get a burger here and have the Rising Sun!
I stopped at Holsteins for lunch today........I grabbed a seat at the bar and decided to order the Nom Nom Burger.  Its a Burger with a Kobe Beef Patty, Potato Chips, Fried Egg, Cheese and Thousand Island Dressing.. . When the Burger arrived, it looked awesome.....the Kobe Beef Patty was huge and the Bun was just the right size.....about 1/2 inch smaller than the patty.. . One bite and I was in Heaven....so juicy and full of beef flavor.. . The Shoestring Fries was good.....and the two bartenders was freaking HOT!!. . In fact.....all around me were HOT GIRLS!. . A great Burger and HOT GIRLS!  I love this place!
Went to Holstein's for lunch around 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  Was told it would be a 25 minute wait but was more like 15.  Hubby and I shared a Drunken Monkey shake (with Frangelica), I got the Hen House burger topped with a fried egg and hubby got the pork belly sliders.  (Our great waitress steered hubby away from the Ahi Tuna sliders he originally ordered).  Everything was delicious.  My burger was cooked perfectly to medium and was one of the best I've ever had.  Only small complaint is the bottom of the bun got soggy with all the burger juice so I had to eat it upside down.  Bill for lunch was around $50 with tip, well worth it we thought.
Amazing, amazing, AMAZING! . . Been there 2 times in the past month. Everything that I ordered was scrumptious. Who would have thought I would like fried pickles? They don't sound so appetizing... but whoa, they were flawless.. . The Ahi Tuna Sliders (perfect if you aren't too hungry) were also great! Melt in your mouth good.. . Then... the Rising Sun Burger. Holy $%!^ that is the best thing that I think I have ever tasted, ever. I sat there until I finished it, no matter how full I was. Couldn't waste such a thing.. . *******AMAZING*********
Amazing Burgers! Don't forget to, order the nice finger foods before the meal!
When it comes to burgers, this place is tops.  I have been going here for two years, and always have the best experiences.  Their appitizers are great too, love the fried pickles and the buffalo chicken dip.  The desserts are also outstanding.  I really like the spiked shakes too, but be careful, they do pack a punch sometimes.  Although the music is a little loud at night sometimes, it's a really fun, hip place to enjoy a beer and burger in Vegas.
I had dinner here with 2 bodybuilders. ;). . We took our friend Seth out to dinner during the 2012 Olympia Expo weekend here in Vegas and boy did we pick the RIGHT spot to WOW our friend with a gourmet burger. Apparently where he's from, you have to drive miles and miles to get a decent "gourmet" meal.. . The wait wasn't so bad either on a busy Saturday night during the dinner rush hour. We put our names down on the wait list and gave them one of our cell phone numbers.The wait was only 15-20 minutes and we were seated inside the dining area instead of the bar (which is good cuz apparently by 9:30pm, there's a DJ booth set up in the bar area and we prefer to have good convos during dinner and not have to yell or scream at each other).. . Since I had a burger in Vegas the previous 2 nights I opted to order something else off the menu while the boys both ordered themselves some burgers. I got the Surf & Turf Quesadilla. We also ordered onion rings to start and they sure were bomb diggity. Very crispy with huge ass oninos and I could bite through each one easily. Which is a major bonus for me since I have a horrible underbite. When my quesadilla came out, I dove right in and noticed how amazingly soft and flavorful the tortilla was. The quesadilla comes with Broiled Steak and Maine Lobster stuffed with Manchego Cheese and the avocado cream on top was seriously like the best creamy jizz shot you've ever tasted. ;). . For dessert we got The Candy Store which came with 5 cute little cake-pop like delectables. They're a bit pricey, but you're in Vegas and since we don't drink I didn't mind gettin a nice sugar high for a hefty price.. . We also got the homemade blueberry pop tart with red velvet popcorn and sweet corn ice cream that sat on top of the most decadent lemon tart reduction. OMG! Amazeballs!. . I definitely wanna come back here and have a burger next time and maybe even one of their crazy milkshakes if I decide to start drinking alcohol again.
I had a really great experience at this restaurant. Everything about it is wonderful - nice ambience, very attentive servers, and delicious food. All of the spiked shakes sounded so good, but I went with the brown cow float. It was sooo yummy! I also got the crispy pork belly buns, which my server said was the "most excellent choice," and they were unbelievably delicious! The complimentary salt and vinegar popcorn was a great touch.
Awesome place! The shakes are killer and the alcoholic versions are even better! Some of the best burgers in town...try the Billionaire. Definitely recommend this place before or after a concert at the Cosmo
Admittedly, I would have given this place four stars due to the sheer exorbitant prices if it weren't for the amazing, if not the best, burgers I have had in my 26 years of life. And believe me, I've had my fair share of burgers. Okay - enough about the rave and onto the food:  I must start with the free starter popcorn, which was perfectly salted and just theright amount of butter so good that I had to ask for second!. . For appetizer, we ordered the Surf and Turf Quesadillas, which has a combination of broiled steak and lobster that complements surprisingly well topped off with Manchego cheese to give it a rich texture to go along with Avocado cream that leaves a rather refreshing after taste. . For main course, I ordered the Rising Sun burger (A must have based on other yelpers' validations) and the steak fries as a side. The juicy Kobe beef spread with the Teriyaki glaze just burst with flavor, but not too salty as it is matched with a slightly sweet addition from the cripsy yam. At the same time, the Spicy mayo and tempura avocada adds a tantalizing kick to the already delicious burger all on its own. I also added a fried Egg which just kicks it up another notch. The steak fries that came with the burger just left me speechless as I could not even taste the grease but had so much crisp and flavor that left me licking the seasoning off of my thumbs . . All in all, what more can you ask for than a perfect burger and a beer in a chilling afternoon at Vegas? I would have liked to try Truffle lobster Mac N Cheese but there just was not enough stomach to fit it all or time on the agenda to come back for round 2. Definitely a 5 star unforgettable experience - Super winning!
If you took away the awesome burgers, the great shakes, wonderful service, and just left me with the Lobster Truffle Mac N' Cheese, I would still give this place 5 stars.  . . But I DID have all that, and was not let down in the least.  This is NOT one of those places where you pay a grip and then feel cheated after your meal; the food is well worth it.. . Definitely going back and bringing people.  Located on the 2nd floor at Cosmopolitan, next to Va Bene Caffe (also a decent place).  There.  Now you can't use 'getting lost' as an excuse not to go.
Came here the other night after a private tour of the Cosmopolitan with some classmates of mine. LOVED IT!!!. . When we eat out at restaurants we're 'one of THOSE customers'. We asked for split checks, ordered at different times, had special requests, etc. Our waitress, Erin always had a smile on her face the whole time and made fabulous recommendations. ASK FOR HER!. . I had the Virgin Campfire Shake, which was DELISH! I didn't have a burger because I had eaten previously but I am definitely coming back to try one. My friend ordered a burger and it looked SOOOOOOOOOOO good. I was jealous. . . TRY IT OUT!
This place is AMAZING!! We ordered the truffle lobster Mac and cheese that was delicious! My friend and I shared the billionaire burger a piece of foi gai on top of Kobe beef.... Absolutely delicious! We also tried the grass hopper shake that was very yummy, taste exactly like a grass hopper cookie with a hint of alcohol. This is the place for great for burgers and shakes. I will being coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
One of the best burgers I've ever tried.  First of all, this restaurant is usually packed, so prepare for a wait.  Second, the decor is adorable!  The cartoon cow graces their windows and in the wall paintings, which creates a fun and relaxed environment.  They have interesting gourmet burgers and sliders and spiked milkshakes!  . . My favorite was the Rising Sun burger - kobe beef with tempura avocado, teriyaki glaze, and sprinkles of furikake.  So many different flavors and textures that worked together.  I also tried the Fun-ghi, with portabello mushrooms, aioli, and truffle oil, but it was too much goodness in one that it was overwhelming.  The flavors were too similar and heavy, especially the two thick pieces of gruyere cheese.  The burgers come with a side of either skinny or steak fries.  I recommend the steak fries because their skinny fries are too crispy and almost chip-like.  . . Don't forget to try their shakes and malts!  I wanted to try their spiked shakes, but got grossed out thinking about alcohol from the night before, so I got a simple vanilla malt, which was thick, creamy and fatty.  YUM!
Love the atmosphere. A little cartoony but definitely not anime. The burgers were rich and juicy and the malt shake was a meal in itself. I definitely will be coming back for sure. Located right in the Cosmopolitan.
I stayed at The Cosmo the last time I was in Vegas and decided to try out the burger and shakes restaurant. The truffle lobster Mac and cheese was tasteful. Pork belly buns were soo crispy and mouthwatering. Very flavorful. The billionaire burger is made for a king. Sooo spectacular especially with the foie gras, melts in ur mouth like butter! I will definitely come here every time I am in town.
Ahi sliders....TO DIE FOR! Best fries ever. Savored every bite. Wish I was back in Vegas for some more yumminess
Lets,start with price its a little on the high side for a burger but after you eat there it won't matter anymore. You also have to take into consideration that you are not at home this is vegas and the space is at a premium causing the business to have to charge more to cover that expense. . . Our server Erin was fantastic. This girl never stopped moving and I never saw anyone in her area including us sit with an empty glass. I drink a lot of diet coke and she kept them coming I never had to even ask. She was very friendly, perceptive and just a great person to talk with. Even had the food been fair the service would have Moorethen made up for it. . . The food was very good. We had the hen burger and the longhorn burgers. We cut them in half and each took a half of each. They were both good burgers. We both preferred the hen not to say the other was bad it just didn't seem to have the flavor we liked that the hen did. We also ordered the onion rings and they were great. The sauce was a bit smokey for me but my wife loved it. They came out nice and crisp and the onions were actually cooked.. . We will go back.
The Billionaire burger, though pricey, is definitely worth it. The foie gras compliments the burger so well. The flavor of all its components are exceptional. I wanted more! Loved the selection of spiked milkshakes (definitely recommend the tiramasu) and other alcoholic beverages to wash down the beef. We'll be back soon, no doubt.
Yup.  All that and a shake.  Best meal I have had in Vegas for the last few trips.  I had the Rising Sun and in my normal fashion wanted to opt out of an ingredient and was recommended not to as the tastes were meant to be together.  I could not agree more - the best, most unique, tastiest burger ever.  Fries were great, onion rings tasty and drinks divine.  I'm super glad I went and you will be too.
Came here before heading home andhad the Gold standard burger and The rising sun burger!  These were the best burgers I've ever had.  Well worth the price and experience!  Quality burgers.
After eating here, this was the only meal my friend and I talked about for the rest of the trip. The burgers are PERFECT. The fries are fantastic. The alcoholic milkshakes are amazing. The servers are fast and attentive. We were there on a saturday afternoon, and they had plenty of TVs for college football. Funky, witty artwork all over the walls. A gigantic bar. Love this place, and will be back any time I'm in town.
Burgers are to die for here!!!  Gold Standard with Skinny Fries and the Turkey Burger are a must if you come here.  Service was ok.  Our server was a little weird...lol
Lunch was awesome.  Onion rings are tremendous and the burgers are second to none.  Decent beer selection.  I felt like I was hit with a moose tranquilizer when we departed.  Highly recommend.
Awesome veggie burger! Cant think of a veggie burger I enjoyed more.  Everything we ordered was delicious.
Initially, I was drawn in by hunger but it must have been all the colorful decor of cute cartooned cows that grasped my attention.  My fiance and I sat at the bar/lounge area because we wanted quick service so please note I'm only reviewing my experience at the lounge area.  They still offer the dinner menu.  . . Food and Drinks: . Ahi Sliders . Steak Fries - comes in pail . Miller Lite Beer - poured from can. Spicy Bloody Mary . Bloody Orange Cosmo . . The Ahi Sliders comes in 3 and were presented just like any regular red meat sliders.  I thought it was fun to have Ahi Tuna in slider form.  The buns were sweet and easy to bite into (kind of reminded me of King's Hawaiian Bread) and inside the buns, there were Asian-styled pickled veggies (carrots, cucumbers, etc).  It also came with chilli mayo sauce if you like your food on the heavier side.  I did not find the sauce a bit spicy.  5 stars for just the steak fries!  I mean, how were each single fry perfectly seasoned, warm, and crispy?  I hope it wasn't just luck that we got the most perfect tasty fries.. . I started off with a Spicy Bloody Mary (peppered and cilantro infused).  It really was spicy and I do have an insane tolerance for spiciness compared to others.  As for the bloody mary part, it was okay.  The Bloody Orange Cosmo was a great way to cleanse my palate.  It tasted fresh just as it appeared.  I felt that they were generous with the amount of alcohol that came in both cocktails.  . . Service:. I lose track of the date and time in Vegas but it must have not been during prime dinner time because we immediately sat ourselves but towards the end of our meal/drinks, I noticed it does get really crowded.  Really friendly and prompt staff!  Our server would give us her personal input on our selection and because I liked everything I got, her comments felt genuine.  . . Other notes: . We sat in individual lounge seats - comfortable and roomy.  You can also view the game playing at Cosmo's Sports Book directly across if you get the exterior seats.  When we were ready to leave, I asked if we can take our drinks across in order for my fiance to finish his sports bet games ... our server was kind enough to pour them into plasticware.  Later during my stay at Cosmo, I learned that you can easily access this side of the casino right off the 2nd floor of the guest elevators.  . . If I stay at the hotel again, I would definitely given Holstein's a second try!  I will try one of their burgers and other cocktail selections.
After the less than underwhelming lunch we had the day before at Bobby Flays Mesa Grill, I was reluctant to do burgers again but I'm so very glad I did. Holsteins does right everything that Bobby Flay's does wrong. The service was attentive, upbeat, got our order correct and the food was SPOT ON!. I enjoyed the Candy Cane boozy shake which was very yummy and almost a meal in itself...but the winner was the burger. I had the Gold Standard burger and it definitely lived up to its name. Perfectly cooked to medium; bacon had a good bite to it, not too much lettuce and tomato so that it complimented instead of overwhelmed the burger. The aioli was super yum too. The seasoning on the burger enhanced the meat but the star was the meat itself. The burger was tender, juicy, and was as it should be if you were making it on your own grill at home. I had the shoestring fries which were clearly hand cut and cooked to order. They were crunchy on the outside but fluffy on the inside.. My husband had the Nom-Nom burger. He initially took the chips off the burger but put them back on when he saw how much they complimented his burger and added the perfect crunch. He orders his burgers well done and the waitress didn't even flinch as some often do. It was done perfectly...and still had that juiciness that a good burger should have without the redness.. We will absolutely be back to try more yummy goodness at Holsteins. Thank you for renewing my confidence that there CAN be upscale burgers that are truly done right.
Five Stars.  . . They rocked it like a good burger should be done.  . . Minor annoyance: do not settle for the table in the dining room that is closes to the bar side entrance.  WAY too much foot traffic coming by all the time...felt like maybe 1000 people walked behind my during our quick dinner.. . Burger taste:  off the hook.  The Nom-Nom burger was amazing.  Well worth a repeat visit!!
The food was pretty amazing we went back 2 more times. The Fungi wasAMAZING, same with the Rising sun I can't decide which ones better.  The Ahi poke was PHENOMENAL.  Yummmmm. Don't sit at the bar the bar tenders are SO CRANKY. MAC AND CHEESE WAS SO DELICIOUS
My review will strictly be on what I ordered:. . Bilionaire Burger - HOLY S***.  Talk about TOTAL MOUTH RICHNESS TO THE MAXXX.  Here's the thing.. I love foie gras to begin with so there was no hesitation at all to get this burger.  And being from Cali, I had to get it since it's banned here.  Anyway, they were very generous with the foie gras portion.  It was fatty, melt in your mouth goodness.  The "kobe" beef patty was fatty and meaty at the same time.  Huge on true BEEF flavor.  I quote "kobe" because we should all know by there that REAL kobe beef cannot be sold outside of Japan.  ANYWAY, the truffle mayo was the perfect schmear to compliment all the components in the burger.  The port marmalade onions helped to cut the richness and fattiness of the burger because it had a very distinct vinegar taste.  The brioche bun was toasty, crispy but soft, and buttery as brioche should be.  It holds up well to the rest of the burger.  The frisee was well, frisee and also helped to balanced out the richness of this burger.. . I did split this with my girlfriend because I knew beforehand that this burger would more than likely be close to overwhelming on the palette.  Each bite was so rich I felt as if I died each time.. . Frozen Grasshopper Shake - YUM!!!! I love chocolate mint to begin with, but when you add chocolate vodka to it, it just makes the shake 100x better.  . . OVERALL:  Enjoyed this place very much.  I would definitely consider coming back here to try what else they have to offer.. . Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
Walking in you notice the fun atmosphere right away.  Nice Graffiti style art with little pigs dressed as cows.  I went with the Fungi burger, which was very good, and thick and juicy.  shared a 750ml Abbey style with my buddy...The fries that come with the burgers are average, both the shoe strings, and wedge, but the combo of portobello and kobe beef was brilliant.  There was suppose to be truffles, but it was very faint and could have used a bit more.  But overall the food was good, the place was fun, and the shakes are spiked, so yea...it's once again a no brain-er.  I look forward to my next visit.
Ok no joke, this probably the best burger spot on the strip.. . Located inside the Cosmo, Holstein serves some some burgers unlike anywhere else. To start off, the place looks awesome, I sure they spent alot of money here (as they did on everything in the Cosmo) and it shows. There is plenty of street art, anime style graphics, along that old-world leather feel in the dining area. Its definitely falls into the stylish chic category. Plus that giant cow by the entrance looks cool! . . Now for the food, its awesome. Everyone tries out the Gold Standard and for good reason - cheddar, arugula, garlic chive aoili all make for a awesome burger. My personal fave:  is the Rising Sun - juicy, perfectly cooked kobe beef burger with crispy yam, teriyaki glaze and spicy mayo, and tempura avocado!.. . The shakes are delicious (they do have alcohol in em) with the best one being Drunken Monkey. All of the bamboozled shakes have alcohol but you can get virgin as well. Try one out, they are delicious!. . But be warned ahead of time, its not cheap, nor quiet. For a burger, fries and shake you are easily going come out spending $30+. Come in on a monday or weekend and the place be packed and loud from everyone trying to get inside of Marquee.
After passing by the restaurant in the Cosmopolitan hotel on many trips I finally decided to eat there. I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. The don't take reservations on weekends but we arrived at 8pm with a group of 5 and were seated immediately. The atmosphere and decor was fun, the restaurant was clean, and the waitress was very friendly. . . I ordered the Carbonara Chicken burger with Grilled Chicken Breast, Bacon, Mushrooms, Sweet Pea Aioli, Fried Egg, and Provolone Cheese. This was the juiciest and most flavorful chicken burger that I have ever eaten. They have countless beer choices and my friend ordered the Drunken Monkey shake and it was also delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant!
Dayum.  I know burgers.  This place is legit.
Holsteins has the best burgers in Vegas.  They are fun, different and very flavorful.  The oreo shake was so creamy and good, I am usually not a fan of oreo, but my husband got it and I ended up drinking most of it, because I liked it so much that I didn't let him have it back.  I got the Gold Standard burger which was really good.  I had done a lot of research on the best burgers to eat in Vegas and settled on Holsteins, it was an excellent choice and I will eat there every time I visit Vegas.  They also do deals on Groupon, which is nice.
Chose to eat here with my family while in Vegas a few weeks ago and I cannot believe I haven't reviewed it yet! I can describe my experience with one word...AMAZING! I ordered the Machete Burger with the shoestring fries and everything was perfect. The complimentary flavored popcorn is also an awesome touch! I am just really disappointed that there isn't a Holsteins around the corner from where I live! Best burgers on the strip!!! FOR REAL!!!!!
My boyfriend and I visited during lunchtime on a thursday and it was very busy. I had the grasshopper milkshake and it was delicious. I would definitely reccomend trying one. They are pretty big and filling so you may want to share. I ordered the greek burger and my boyfriend ordered the sunrise something or other. The greek burger had your typical greek burger ingredients on it and it was delicious. The lamb meat was exceptionally good. The sunrise burger was amazing. I would reccomend trying that one. The burgers are a perfect size for one person. Especially when you are vacationing, leftovers are not very convenient. The wait staff was very friendly and gave some great reccomendations. overall, you should definitley stop here if you visit the strip.
What a great salmon salad they have on menu. It is that good!!!
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The casual vibe is great, the vast selection of tap beer is winning, and the burgers are a force not to be reckoned with! I've even ordered the Ali Tuna sliders and was super impressed. My bf got the Gold Standard and loved it!. Every time we come to Vegas, even if we're not staying at the Cosmo (which isn't often) we make sure to come here. . The thing that's not so cool about this place is when sport games are on because they charge a $35 per person minimum to sit in the lounge chairs! Kinda crazy.
Great atmosphere and music! Yes it's loud but it's super fun. They were playing a really good mix of music. The food was fabulous. I had the rising sun burger with steak fries, and a house draft that was free with a four square check in. The wait for food is a while but it's worth the wait. Also, the wait is entertaining. Will be coming back for sure!! My friends all agreed with me.
Love it here!!!!!  Everything on the menu is Delish !!!!!!  One of the few places that i can comfortably bring my kids to, so they can enjoy a great meal!!!!!  My kids have major allergies, and they are treated like royalty !!!!!!
Holstein's Rocks!!!. . Best burger I've ever eaten! Seriously!. . Probably could have eaten 5 of these that night.. . The food is awesome!. . Try a milkshake with real alcohol in them!. . Service is great!. . The price wasn't too bad for the meal!. . Check this place out!
Decent cocktails and they have milkshakes with booze - I'm in. The hamburgers are really good.. . I only sat at the bar, which was nice.
a must go to if you're on the strip.  the cosmo is one of my favorite hotels too!  worth a try...
This has got to be one of my favorite restaurants to get a good, juicy gourmet burger! And plus it's home to my favorite milkshake so I can't give it less than 5 stars. . . There are tons of street chic art hung all over the walls of the restaurant which makes its interior design fun and appealing for guests. Since it's  more of a casual setting it's a nice place to bring friends even if you don't plan on going to Marquee or anywhere else fancy for the night.  . . They have shakes mixed WITH alcohol, called their bam-boozled shakes. My absolute favorite is the Birthday Cake which has 3 Olives Cake Vodka, Birthday Cake Crumble, vanilla ice cream and sprinkles. OHHH SOOO GOOD. It. Is. To. Die. For. Plus they give you the tin they make the shake in so it feels like you're getting extra. Adding a little to the waist? I don't mind for this heavenly treat.. . The sides are fantastic. Truffle lobster Mac n cheese... Need I say more? They have great tiny buns too and some great Chicago dogs if you aren't too hungry, but still want a great meal. . . Now the burgers are what you should come here for. Try any one. I'm sure there isn't one that will disappoint your taste buds. Can't choose? Well you can't ever go wrong with the Gold Standard. All the burgers come with either shoestring fries or steak fries. Just perfect. Prices might be a bit high, but you are paying for quality food. . . Overall, Holsteins is an awesome environment situated within the classy Cosmopolitan. I must go back. Now.
Traveling to Vegas quite often has allowed me to experience several great establishments for drink and food.  On this occasion I stepped into Holsteins hearing about its reputation after spending time at Public House in the Palazzo.  I must say, I was well impressed.  First off, the beer selection is well organized with several verities that anyone, aficionados to the everyday beer fan can enjoy.  Lets not even get into what happens with the shakes!!! The menu has a fun selection of "bar bites", sliders and burgers.  I enjoyed a combo of truffles lobster Mac and cheese, buffalo dipping sauce and a chunky monkey milk shake with a gulden draak ale as a finisher!  Obviously I'm off my diet but the 5 years of recovery will be well worth it!  I must say the service was phenomenal!  Lara, the epitome of what a skilled server should be, was attentive, on task, quickly responsive and though busy never missed a moment to check in, smile and make sure my meal was enjoyable!  Never waited more than a couple of minutes between the order and its tabling (drinks) and the food was promptly delivered about 5-10 minutes from time of ordering.  This even while the restaurant was packed and I observedevery table top full!  Well done!  . . In summary, I'm sure just from my limited experience the rest of the menu is going to be delicious.  I will return en force with a large group of friends to do our best to eat everything the kitchen can throw at us and drink every last drop of specialty beers the bar has to offer!  A must visit from now on when I'm in Vegas!
A-MAZ-ING. we had several expensive meals on our trip by well-known chefs, but i have to say...this was by far the most fun.. YUUUUUMMMMMMYYYYYY
We came in at around 2 am and they were still serving food at the bar. We orderedmini-hot dogs and sweet potato fries. OMG! The hot dog buns tasted freshly baked, the ketchup that came with fries was home made. The hot dogs were served with fresh relish on top and a hot pepper! Amazing experience! We had also ordered 2 drinks which were also very good.. We then returned there for lunch and were not disappointed. We had a rising sun burger and el machete burger. Steak fries was very good and burgers very fresh and rising sun burger specifically was very original. Slightly sweet because of the sauce on top and had an Asian taste to it. We also had a pitcher of red sangria. Tasted very good, but did not seem to have any alcohol in it.Very good food though! Oh, and if you like milk shakes, they make them with alcohol (which is also undetectable, but the teramisu shake we had was pretty good). Overall, great experience! Will definitely return next time we are in Vegas
Loved every bite. A little pricey but definitely worth it. Get a shake, it will change your world. The gourmet level of the burgers and the shakes make it something you must try when visiting the Cosmo. The people next to us said next time try to Lobster Mac N Cheese and believe me I will. It is always nice to go to some place new in Vegas that has character, is unique and will not break your wallet.
DATE/TIME: Wednesday, August 8, 2012 // Tuesday, August 13, 2012 // Monday, December 17, 2012. . PRICE: $20-$40/person. VALUE: Most of their burgers are around $14-$17.50. They're juicy, artisan burgers that are competitively priced (if not just a bit more expensive) when compared to other burger joints of the same type, such as Burger Bar, Umami Burger, and BLT. . AMBIANCE: It's definitely casual, but feels a lot more like an upscale diner. The wall prints are colorful and interesting.. CHANCE OF RETURNING: 100%. . ___________________________________. . [ Actual Rating : 4.5* ]. . . :::: THE FOOD ::::. . * AHI POKE - $11.          - [4/5 - Fresh and delicious w/adequate amount of ponzu.]. * CRISPY PORK BELLY BUN - $12.          - [4/5 - Three buns filled with cooked pork belly with crispy skin and tender meat. Good amount of sweet hoisin sauce, balanced by the cucumber and pea shoots.]. * BILLIONAIRE BURGER - $28.          - [4.5/5 - Juicy kobe beef, a beautiful chunk of perfectly creamy seared foie gras, delicious port onion marmalade, and a truffle mayo on the side. A truly luscious burger.]. * SHOESTRING FRIES - $5.          - [3.5/5 - I usually prefer steak fries over shoestring fries since I'm one of those people who pick out the soft fries and eat them first, giving the crunchy ones away to either my husband or one of my two best friends, both of whom conveniently prefers the crispy ones. These were pretty good though.]. * STEAK FRIES - $5.          - [4/5 - Just the way I like my fries.]. . ___________________________________. . . :::: THE DRINKS ::::. . * CAMPFIRE SMORES - $11.          - [4/5 - Uhh... let's see. Marshmallow vodka, chocolate, marshmallows, and crumbled graham crackers. Of course it's delicious!]. * OREO - $11.          - [4.5/5 - Two of my favorite guilty pleasures combined = Baileys Irish Cream and Oreo Cookies.]. . ___________________________________. . . :::: Ranked: PORK BUNS :::: . (Only includes the open-faced kind, not the traditional Cantonese baozi.). . 1.) Steamed Pork Buns (2pc), $15, REDD, Yountville, CA - [5/5]. 2.) Hirata Pork Buns (2pc), $9, IPPUDO, New York, NY - [4.5/5]. 3.) Crispy Pork Belly Bun (3pc), $12, HOLSTEINS, Las Vegas, NY - [4/5]. 4.) Tender Pork Belly Bun (1pc), $3.75, CHAIRMAN BAO, San Francisco, CA - [4/5]. 5.) Steamed Pork Buns (2pc), $11, MOMOFUKU SSAM, New York, NY - [3/5]
I love this place!   The rising sun is a party in your mouth!!
I've been here several times and have never been disappointed. The staff is always friendly and willing to give suggestions, the food is ALWAYS good, and they have tasty drinks with a nice sized bar area.  . The favorite burger of the group has consistently been the Rising Sun- 2 of my friends said it was the best burger they have ever had. . I had the Urth burger with a wheat bun and sweet potato fries- amazing.. This place is a must try!
DANK DELICIOUSNESS!!  I've hit this place up a few times and have never been let down. Last time my cousin was up from cali visting we crushed a few burgers and beers here and had a blast! The staff is awesome, on our last visit we had a waitress by the name of Ashley who's service was inpeccable. I honestly can't afford alot of places in the Cosmo on the regular, but Holsteins is affordable and tasty grub with a great environment that I can dig...ya dig?!
Arguably the best burgers I've ever had. EVER. It really doesn't take too much to come up with a really good burger. Still though, many places lack the inspiration and creativity to make a really solid burger. You pretty much just need some quality ingredients and a brilliant fat person. . . The place is freaking gorgeous. I love the design and atmosphere of this chill, yet slightly upscale burger joint/bar. You got the March Madness games all over the TVs and the customers all into it. There are such comfortable seats. Gosh, if I had a burger joint and bar, I'd design it based around Holsteins. . . BILLIONAIRE BURGER 4.5/5. That ish was awesome. Since Foie Gras is banned in California, I just had to get my fix over here in Las Vegas. I felt like a billionaire, sorta, for only about 20 bucks.. . FRIED DILL PICKLES 4.5/5. Wow. I thought The Counter's Fried Pickle Chips were good, but this one takes the pickle. . . STEAKHOUSE BURGER 4.5/5. Oh gosh, this was just so excellently concocted. The pepper in it was interesting and really gave it that kick it needed.. . ONION RINGS 4/5. Tasty. Especially with the Garlic Aioli that we had. Wow. The sauces are good here too, btw. . . The beer selection here is amazing. I'm not exactly a beer connoisseur, but I have my likes and dislikes. From the looks of it, my beer connoisseur buddies really liked their beers. They had like 5 different kinds it seemed haha. I tried the Piraat and it was pretty good, especially for being 10+ percent. . . I feel like I must be back whenever I crave a burger. Dammit, LA needs one ASAP.
Love Love Love this restaurant. Life DJ+stylish interior design+best booze shake+tasty food= totally highlight our NYE.. We ordered:. Campfire smores- when booze invovled of course delicious. Onion rings- super crispy, best onion ring I ever had. Truffle lobster mac- lobster is perfectly cooked. Rising sun- kind of sweet, not a fan of teriyaki sauce. Billionaire burger- good combination with foie gras and truffle mayo
We had a great experience.  The lobster Mac was awesome, the service was great and the burgers were huge.  Great food.  The only thing I will say is the seats in the bar area were hard.
This burger place is located inside the Cosmopalitan hotel & casino on the second floor. Upon arrival we were seated in the dining area away from the bar...a seat near the tv was requested and was received since the place wasnt that busy. Ordered the rising sun burger which is a house favorite...and upon my first bite i figured out why- its f' delicious! Got it medium well with shoe string fries and couldnt be happier...argueable the best burger ive ever had. My brother ordered the california burger  with steak fries also medium well - he enjoyed the perfect amount of spice and the avocado was a great addition to all the flavor. When we checked in via foursquare we discovered a coupon for a complimentary house lager with any entree and after a quick chat with the manager on duty I was drinking free beer! My brother ordered a cup of coffee which the waitress did not add to the bill and thus we tipped handsomely ontop of the already attentive service. Overall a great burger place, a bit pricey but worth it in our opinion. The decorations and atmosphere of the place is really unique too!
3 words: birthday cake shake.. . Considering there are already 900+ reviews, I can't tell you anything that hasn't already been written. Just know that Holsteins is an awesome "cheaper eat" option in vegas and you should try it. And get that shake!
i had the Billionaire Burger and I thought my mouth was in heaven.Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayonnaise...These ingredients come together and create the perfect combination of...oh that's right, perfection.  Enjoy it!  we also had the S'mores Milkshake, SOOOOO delicious.  Great wine selection available for those of you who want to enjoy your billionaire burger the way that it's supposed to be enjoyed.
To date this place served the best burger.  I ordered The Fun-Ghi (beef patty, truffle marinated portabella mushroom, Caramelized onion, Gruyere & frisee) burger and it was perfectly balanced.  I'm a sucker for truffles and mushrooms.   Their alcoholic milkshake is nothing short of genius.  Love the funny cool art and ambiance. . . Here's my updated list. . . Gourmet Burgers ($11+)  Holsteins & Slater's 50/50. Semi-Gourmet Burger ($7-$10) Pete's Gourmet, Mick's Karma Bar & Fat Burger. Bang for your Buck ($4-$7) In-N-out & The Habit
Very good burgers and shakes... recommended
Huge delicious Turkey burger. If you're having second thoughts about going with Turkey instead of Red Meat, don't! The turkey burger was insanely good...
the burgers are Delicious! the salads are yummy. The staff in the front are very attractive. for the guys, sit in the front or the bar!. .  the flavor of the food itself has always pleased my tongue. . the yam fries sometimes come out a bit soggy. and the price of the burgers is a bit high for what you can find elsewhere, but heck you're at the cosmopolitan casino, nothing is cheap there.. i want to give this place a 4.5 or 4.75 stars.
Holy cow (ha ha) this place was awesome. . From our appetizer - Redneck Poppers, to the popcorn, to the burgers, to the shake (Frozen Grasshopper anyone?) we were not disappointed. We left Holsteins far too full - fat and happy for sure.. El Machete was amazing, spicy, but not too spicy cooked perfectly medium. Juicy, big, heaven to eat. I want another! I was so wrapped up in my burger I don't even remember what Jeff had, but he devoured his just as quickly as I ate mine. We have already agreed another trip needs to be made back to Vegas just so we can eat at Holsteins. Although it would be easier if thery would just open up a location in Dallas, or anywhere in the near vicinity.
Burger coma.  This place rocks.  They offer all sorts of burgers with different tastes and flavors.  Highly recomend their milkshakes.  BIllionaire burger is a must try.
Every time we go to Vegas this place is a must to eat at. Its always the first lunch and the last lunch before we hit the road. These burgers are a good size and the shakes are amazing. Personally I get the Longhorn Burger and the Drunken Monkey which more then fills me up. Oh yeah, the shakes have alcohol which most people tend to enjoy. As far as the prices it is well worth it, you cant cut corners on quality and sservice.
Omg!! Best burgers ever..had the rising sun...first bite and I was hooked!! Will come here again
I love this place and the cute cow theme.  They start you off with these yummy flavor packed popcorn.  Had the unspiked CAMPFIRE SMORES - Chocolate, Marshmallow, Graham Crumble.  Pretty sweet!  Noshed on some FRIED PICKLES - Dill Spears With Herb-Caper Mayo.  Grazed on some GREENER PASTURES - House Organic Greens With Tomato, Cucumber, And Avocado Tossed In Balsamic Vinaigrette.  Had the Tiny Buns CRISPY PORK BELLY BUN - Asian Flavored Wrapped In A Chinese Steamed Bun With Hoisin Sauce, Cucumber & Pea Shoots.  And the Big Buns THE FUN-GHI - Beef Patty, Roasted Portabello, Carmelized Onion, Truffle Oil, Gruyere, Frisee, Aioli.  Liked everything!  Can't wait to come back!
The longhorn burger was great, and the shoestring fries were nice and crispy. Best part of the meal was the shake, Had the oreo shake which was great.
Burgers were excellent, cooked to perfection. Good service and good shakes.
I friggin' loved Holsteins so much. I had an amazing burger and an even more amazing milkshake. The burger I got was The Rising Sun -- Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze,  Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo, and Tempura Avocado (I think this is what reeled me in). How amazing does that sound? The shoestring fries it came with were delicious, too. I think my favorite part about my Holsteins experience was the (boozy) milkshake I got. I got The Fat Boy (go figure) -- Stoli Salted Karamel Vodka, Reese's, pretzels, sprinkles, and chocolate-caramel popcorn. Guys, when I say this is the best milkshake I've ever had, I mean it. I have dreams about it. OK, not really, but I hope I'm making myself clear about how amazing it was. I don't think I could go to Vegas and not come to Holsteins for another milkshake and burger. Also, my friends and I started with the buffalo chicken dip, which was just as amazing as everything else. Not only was the food absolutely delicious, the service was so speedy and our server was really nice. Cool upscale diner-like atmosphere as well. We came here for a more low key dinner (dined in our bathing suits), but this place would be good for (a big) lunch, too. Just amazing all around. This place is a must when you're in Vegas.
One of the best burgers I've ever had.
I am a burger kind of girl. Always have been. Since I was small. So, I've eaten a lotttt of burgers in my day. And every time I come to Vegas, I always suggest coming to Holsteins. It has to be in my top 3 burgers of all time.  Love this place!!! . . Their meat patties are just the right about of juicy (geez, salivating thinking about it). Not sure if its high fat content or what, but I really don't care, it's too good. Cheese is perfectly melted. If you are a mushroom fan, definitely check out the Funghi burger. Freakin' awesome. The fries are the right width and the right amount of crispy. . . Also, their shakes are great! Vegas is all about the booze. It's not too strong and you can't really taste the alcohol (I had the Drunkin' Monkey), but I could tell it was there. That's the sign of a good drink, haha. . . Prices are a bit high for a burger - but it's Vegas - what'd you expect?  Besides, win it all back at the tables. Good luck! . . . **If you're not that hungry or don't want to be super full, split a burger and a shake. :)
I ordered fries and the drunken monkey shake.  You can never go wrong w/ fries, and the drunken monkey was a hit!  Yum!
Kobe burgers, delicious milkshakes and fun decor, oh my!  A carnivore's delight!. . First time trying their super tender Billionaire Burger that has Kobe patty in it and it was amazing!  It just melts in your mouth and doesn't require so much chewing!  Order that with their finely, thick batter-fried up onion rings and creamy, freshly made milkshake so it will be the perfect combo!. . Service was good, but DJ music was played too loud during the late night hours!  I couldn't hear myself!  Well, then again, I guess it is Vegas after all so this place has to be loud to get some ratchet attention!
Since we were a bit pressed for time, we ate in the bar which serves the entire menu.  My group of 5 each ordered different burgers and everyone tried them all - ultimately everyone thinking their burger was the best LOL.  But really, mine was the best - I got the Asian burger (don't remember name)...it was divine.  Fries and rings are great.  Grown up milkshakes were awesome.  Definitely coming here again!
From the service to the burgers everything is top-notch! The Fatboy shake was the best of the four we had. The burgers were cooked perfectly, and tasted awesome!
Love this place. Pork belly rocks.
PHENOMENAL. I have been here twice and tried nearly all of the appetizers and many different burgers and shakes. I have never been disappointed. Their food is classic American with a modern twist. (lobster mac n cheese anyone?) YUM. Their menu Is ever changing and always exciting and delicious, and the shakes. oh those shakes. I went with a large group of people and we all ordered different flavors so we could sample all of them. holy crap were they deliciously amazing. I Love this place.
Chain restaurant in Cosmopolitan hotel. Fungi burger was awesome. Chicken carbonara was delic too. Would go back!
I'm surprised by the disparity in reviews.  I guess this means that service and quality of food is not always consistent at Holsteins.  However, we went on Monday night this week around 630pm.  We were worried there would be a huge wait, but it only took a couple of minutes to get seated.  . . We were pretty hungry so once we were seated we ordered both onion rings and fried pickles.  I've never had fried pickles and while they were tasty, I don't think its something I would order again.  I liked the crunchy onion rings...just lamented that there were so many!  The food runner who brought them out proudly announced that he tried to stack them as high as they could.  Really though?  It was LOTand there were only 3 of us!  . . I had to decide whether I wanted to drink my calories or eat them, and I decided in favor of chewing versus sipping.  I passed on the adult milkshakes, though many of them looked tempting.  I ordered the fun-ghi burger which was really delicious.  Piping hot burger, with yummy mushrooms and cheese.  It was a great combination.  Everyone else at the table enjoyed their burgers as well.  I ordered sweet potato fries with this burger, but seriously?  Who could eat that when the burgers filled you up!  . . This is a really great little spot and  although you pay more than you would for an average burger, we all felt this was way above the average.  Definitely worth the money and experience.  Give it a try!  It's on my repeat list for my next Vegas visit in October.
Awesome shakes and burgers! Got one with Reese's and pretzels amazing! Funghi burger was awesome as was the classic. Turkey and veggie burgers were just ok! Sweet potato fries were fabulous. Would definitely come back!
Looks to be just your standard restaurant, but inside are things that make you go Mmm. . . Hen House Burger is phenomenal. Simple concept of adding an egg to a burger, we've seen it before but Holstein's does it right. Expect to make a mess with this one.. . The Steakhouse Burger with a peppered patty, steak sauce - and other perfectly combined ingredients - was mind-blowing too.  I couldn't make a decision to which burger was best. Each time I had one bite of one and then the other, I said "this one is best!".  They were both that good. And the fries were equally as good - some crispy, some soft - great flavor. The boyfriend and I agree this place is on our list of Top 5 burgers (probably Top 3 for me!).  . . Captain Crunch Shake with vodka ... if you like Captain Crunch you'll love this! I wanted to try it based on the waitress's recommendation. No regrets, but I'll go with something that has chocolate in it next time - and there WILL be a next time.. . Alcoholic beverages are stiff, service was quick (but also, I went pretty late), and the waitress was down to earth.
What more can I say...delicious burger cooked medium rare and ahi tuna slider made it for me. Best burger and tuna dish I've tasted in a while.
We stopped in here for drinks. They have a fun and interesting drink menu. My boyfriend got the birthday cake shake with cake vodka. I'm lactose intolerant so I could only have a little sip. Wow, it was amazing. I got the red velvet. It's Guinness with chambord. It was so good! This was the perfect spot to take a break from shopping in the cosmopolitan.
I had to write an update to my review of Holstein's because it was even better the second time around!  Everything from start to finish was amazing, and we ordered a lot of stuff.  Even the complimentary popcorn tasted great and was not as over saturated with oil as my first visit here.  What really stole the show for me though was the Rising Sun burger.  It was the best thing that I ate in Vegas during my most recent visit, and I am salivating just thinking about it as I write this review.  I also shared sides of sweet potato fries, onion rings, and fried pickles with my wife, and I loved them all.  I was so glad that we came back to eat at Holstein's again when we were in Las Vegas, because it was my favorite meal of our trip.  I can't wait to come back here again soon!
WOW! The Urth (Vegan) burger was just great! When I asked our server if the Veg patty was good, he said it was the best in the country. Hmmmm, I thought...I've had many Veg burgers and wanted to be the judge of that! . ...He was right! It really was a great patty that didn't fall apart all over my plate like some other places and it was seasoned quite well. I got this burger with fries, which were great too. Although I was quite full, I just had to try the Oreo Milkshake made with Bailey's Irish Cream and YUM it was really great! The service was great, the restaurant is busy and exciting, and the food is super yummy! I want to try the vanilla twinkie cake next time! . . Tip: Don't search for the hashtag #holsteins on instagram....as you will find a bunch of baby cows, mama cows, and cute cows of all ages!! Holstein is a kind of cow, and a REALLY cute kind at that! Fortunately, I had the Urth burger so no guilt here
I know this place is known for their Burgers, but my sister and I didn't want to have a burger so I decided to we should try some appetizers. We ordered sweet potato fries, buffalo chicken dip with chips and the lobster and steak quesadilla. One word to describe the Quesadilla BOMB!!!! the Buffalo and Chicken dip was great too. I'm definitely coming back to try the Burgers and definitely ordering the Lobster and Steak Quesadilla.
The Nom Nom Burger and the Grasshopper milkshake... SO GOOD! . The milkshake was alcoholic but it tasted delicious and it was decorated beautifully. The burger is so flavorful, but all the burgers looked good!
So I was staying in the Cosmopolitan (which I also recommend and is probably one of the most amazing hotels I've ever stayed at) and had to catch my plane soon, but wanted a quick lunch.  We decided to go to the cluster of restaurants near the Marquee Club.  I am soooo glad I decided to squeeze it in.  You must get a shake and a burger.  I had a tiramisu shake (and they give you the leftover mix, which I think is nice) and a spicy (forget name) burger.  Everything was awesome.  Since I was in a hurry we sat in the lounge.  Service was decently quick.  We even saw some NBA guys eating at the bar with their USA backpacks, they seemed in a hurry too.  Don't worry though, they have a full restaurant seating area behind the bar/lounge.
This was the first restaurant we ate at when my sister and I arrived in Vegas. At first we were a bit overwhelmed because *everything* sounded good! And the milkshakes??? OH MAN. She and I split a fat boy shake. They brought it in a glass and the rest in the shaker. It was delicious. We drank a lot of it before the meal and saved some for after.. I ordered the fun-ghi with a veggie patty instead of beef. AND ATE THE WHOLE THING. As a small person, that is pretty impressive. So ya, this place was delish. And service was good. Free popcorn, too.
Holy milkshake! Amazing shakes for sure, only negative was that we should've split the shakes between 2, but nonetheless DRUNKEN MONKEY was the best shake
Amazing! One of my favorite burger joints.. . I like the one with the egg OR the burger with the kimchee - yummy!. I also love the mac and cheese. Its glorious.. I always make a point to eat here when I am in Vegas as it is a great establishment.
You know it's amazing when you walk in and your order rolls off your tongue the second the server comes to get your drink order. "Virgin Fat Boy shake extra caramel popcorn and a Gold Standard medium with sweet potato fries." . . You can thank me later.
how have i not yet reviewed this restaurant?  ever since Holsteins has been in business, it has become a consistency in my vegas trips.  appetizers are fun, burgers are legit, the shakes are solid, the entire restaurant has a fun vibe, & the wait isn't too shabby since you can go play some slot machines downstairs.  plus, it's right across the entrance to marquee.  it does get a bit loud, especially in the bar area & trying to communicate with the hostess.  but hey, it's vegas!. . but just one thing- What happened to all the korean inspired appetizers?  kimchi shortrib quesadilla, & korean hot dogs?
Never had anything else here but a milkshake but damn they make a good milkshare.  I don't know what type of ice cream they use but its one of the best.  I always get a black n white shake and they actually know what it is.  I've actually had people at other restaurants ask me what a black n white shake is.  If you don't know you shouldn't be working at a place that serves milkshakes. . . The milkshakes here are awesome.
Went here for lunch during a trip in June. I can't believe I'm writing this, but the burgers are better than In N Out. . . There, I said it. . . Alcoholic milkshakes are great, too.
Cool place. Good atmosphere. Loved the artwork.. . Staff was friendly and attentive.. . Popcorn is my weakness, so even the stale ones they brought out before our meal was a nice touch.. . Decent beer selection (maybe good for Vegas standards).. . I order the nom nom burger with a fried egg. It was delicious. Great beef flavor, some crunch (although mostly soggy) from the kettle-like chips, an egg i could taste (I usually can't, besides the royal red robin burger), and a bold/sharp slice of cheddar. Overall, I liked the taste and flavor of everything that went into the nom nom and more importantly, I like that I could taste each part of it. I feel a lot of higher-end burger places have too much going on and it all falls apart. Not the case at Holsteins.. . My girlfriend ordered the fun-ghi which from the bite I tried, was excellent as well. Great mushroom flavors.. . I liked this place and it's among my top higher end burger spots.
My boyfriend and I were looking for a good burger place and read the. Reviews and we were really curious to try the bam-boozled drinks and the burgers looked delicious!  So we decided to try.  Our waiter was so nice and very helpful in our food and drink choices. We were very happy and impressed with our experience there! We had the red velvet cake shake and s'mores campfire shake. We loved them! Our burgers were amazing and so yummy! We will be definitely be coming back again!
Excellent spot to go for a moderately priced meal.  The burgers are delicious and the shakes are off the charts.  The fries were good too.  My wife and I ate there twice on our last trip.
Great burgers and shakes. Good service. Full selection of draft beer! Go for the nom nom burger!
Really cool place, love the atmosphere, really cool artwork. . . Staff was friendly, attentive. . . They handed out popcorn before your meal which was different and good. . . I order the billionaire burger with smoked bacon. Every bite was amazing. The Kobe beef was juice and mouthwatering good. One of the best burger I had in a while
My husband surprised me with a trip to Vegas in Sept. 2012. We wanted some late night goodies and were pleased to find Holsteins Shakes & Buns. I tried the Nom Nom Burger and the Buttermilk Onion Rings and just let me say "YUMMY" does not give it justice. Delish to the 10th degree! My hubby, who does not like onion rings, loved the Buttermilk Onion Rings here. He ate over half of them. They are crunchy, crispy and the batter stays on! The aioli dip was good but I like the ranch dressing better. . The Nom Nom Burger was incredible! It was juicy and thick and delish. It came with fries which were crisy and perfect. I recommend this restaurant to anyone I know who is going to Vegas.
On Vacation and a little disappointed from last night's meal at the Diablo's Catina which was HORRIBLE FOOD.  . . Holstein Shake and Bun was a tremendously good meal. Party of 2 and we both had the GOLD STANDARD burger was without question the best burger I have ever eaten from Illinois Michigan Texas and Missouri without rival!. . We also had the Brown Cow and S'mores Campfire shakes, these have a great taste and ice cream but just know the come with alcohol in them very delicious though. Fries were good and hot and service is outstanding.. . I highly recommend this place great meal a memorable dinning experience.
Holsteins was amazingly good. I had the Gold Standard, medium rare. The meat was flavorful, the bun was perfectly toasted and fresh. The bacon and goat cheese and the tomato tied the whole thing together. This is one of the best burgers that I have had. I enjoyed every bite and would of ate (2). My wife had the Machete. I took a bite and tasted: spiciness, crunch and freshness. It's evident that the burgers here are well balanced with a fantastic flavor profile. All in all, the food, decor and service was an experience that my wife and I enjoyed. If you are in Vegas, do yourself a favor and check this place out, you will not regret it.
Ironically enough, I've raved endlessly about how awesome the Cosmo is and yet I didn't even come here for the first time until earlier this year.  Then my friend said, you know, you should really go to Holsteins and try their Asian burger because it's friggin awesome.  Well, I just happened to be in the Cosmo without having eaten a meal all day.  And I love burgers, so why the hell not?. . Three trips later, this spot has reached rare territory for me: mandatory trip every time I go to Vegas (which seems to happen at least once a month, so this is going to be a very fruitful partnership!).  On an overall basis, top 10 burgers lifetime.  Generally, the flavors of each burger and balanced very well.  Nothing is overpowering the meat, which is of excellent quality.  The ingredients they use are fresh.. . As for the burgers themselves?  The aforementioned Asian burger, aka the Rising Sun, was definitely something quite unique.  Crispy yam, a massive tempura-fried avocado, and kobe beef?  I just want to eat it again, but I feel like I need to try all the other burgers on the menu too.  Well, that would have to be the Billionaire Burger.  And pretty much, you had me at foie gras on a burger.  Last burger I've had was the Steakhouse Burger.  While not on the same level as the previous two, I was not disappointed whatsoever.  Just look at the dripping cheese on that picture I posted on it, how can you not fall in love with it?. . Other items...where else can I get country fried bacon?  Deep fried bacon?  Seriously, stop tempting my heart!  The fries are ok, certainly get the job done.  Onion rings are fried perfectly, it's worth it to get them as as sub.. . Even for the standard Vegas premium for pricing, it's not obscenely outrageous.  In fact, it's almost impossible to find anything on the Strip that is even remotely good value for money.  Simply put, Holsteins is awesome food in an awesome hotel.  And it is perfectly placed...came here once after raging all day at Marquee Dayclub.  Could not have been a better post-partying meal, ever!
This ended up unexpectedly being one of my favorite parts about my Vegas trip in July. As in we ended up dining here twice during our four-day stay. . . I had The Gold Standard with a fried egg both times. It was just so good, I didn't feel the need to order anything else. My burger was perfectly medium rare both times and all of the ingredients went together beautifully (including the bun, which can really make or break my enthusiasm towards a burger). Call me sheltered, but I don't think I've had a burger with arugula on it before. And I am a cheeseburger fiend.. . My boyfriend and I split a Drunken Monkey milkshake the first time we went and while it wasn't exactly strong, it was still freaking delicious.. .  Overall, the quality of the food was consistent and much higher than I expected. I don't remember having a problem with the service either. I plan to make this a regular stop any time I visit Vegas from here on out.
Order the rising sun with fried egg and sweet potato fries, delicious and super filling. The Tiramisu is also amazing. DJ starts at 10pm
Yum! They have an alcoholic shake that is really yummy..I forgot what it was called. It was green with chocolate. Whatever it is, get that! Oh, and I guess their burgers are pretty good too:-)
El Machete sent me into a euphoric food orgasm!! My body was literally tingling all over with every bite!!!
I think it's hard to really make a burger stand out from the pack, but this one was on the shortlist of the best 2 or 3 I have ever had.  I had the classic with a fried egg and bacon, and it was nothing short of perfect. Everything tasted just the way you dream about.  I wish I had been able to eat here a couple more times so I could have tried a couple more of their burgers.  Service was top notch as well!
LOVE this place.. . Not only is it in my favorite Las Vegas hotel, The Cosmopolitan - but it exhudes that feeling of farmhouse crossed with Americanized swagger.  Walking in to a big cow at the front entry - you KNOW there is going to be some serious beef/meat here.  The menu is full of extremely inviting options.... right from the start.  You sit down to popcorn out of a tin, while choosing what to drink.  How a person can NOT have a milshake is beyond me.  And no, not for dessert.. but to start :)  Whether bam boozled or regular you cannot go wrong.  Remember all bam boozled shakes you can get without the liquor mostly, for 3 bucks less.  So.... even if you don't want the alcohol OR are still drunk from the daily festivities Vegas has to offer... you MUST get a shake.  Tiramisu, Vanilla, Drunken Monkey, Birthday Cake... grasshopper... all YUM!  . . Next is to decide on the main.  The salads are huge.  Everything is really.  The burgers are large and so so fresh.  Meat piled high on a fresh bun... with so many tasty toppings.  The steakhouse burger is amazing... although I could stand a few less black peppercorns.  The classic burger is even an smooth choice.  If you want a mountain of meat on a bun, they have that too.  OR if you are looking for something without beef... I guess that option is also available.  I don't think there would be a bad option - and I love finding out :)  The fries are okay... the sweet potato fries are better... . You can watch TV while in there... you'll get great service... and you surely won't be disappointed.  And truly the prices aren't THAT extreme considering you're in The Cosmo on the Strip in Las Vegas!
EL MACHETE BURGER! Best burger I have ever had. Hands down.
So delicious... as good as Vegas gets. Probably the only thing I would eat at Vegas if I could. It's pricey and correctly portioned meal (you won't die from a heart attack eating one burger but you might get a heart attack after repeatedly going here... because it's so good). So if you are looking for cheap and quantity, probably not the place for you.
El machete burger, avacado on the side Mmm. Yum. Really enjoyed this place. Vibe was cool and prices were decent. Will return for a great burger.
YUM. I don't know how i'm not morbidly obese by now.. I've tried every single shake on this menu.  Not in a 1 sitting.  but in several.. Ask for a second shot of alchohol its worth it.. Menus' pretty yum too lots of burgers really good.. but the shakes my god.
Gah. So good. Steak/lobster quesadilla is perfect. The shakes are as good as advertised and the atmosphere is just fun. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
This probably isn't a totally fair review because I ate here after Marquee Dayclub and was still pretty really drunk but I remember it being delicious!! Me and my friends ordered a bunch of different burgers and appetizers and shared all of them. Portion sizes were a lot bigger than I expected and everything was really tasty. The milkshakes were good but not out of this world, if anything it was on par with in n out. I def wanna come back here when I am more sober!
Found Holsteins in Cosmopolitan Hotel on the 2nd floor. Interesting decor. The desk staff and bartenders are dressed more business like while the waitresses look like they came from Hooters. I was in the mood for a burger so I tried their Little Buns which were 3 slider sized burgers with onions ketchup and cheese. Great burger. Cooked just right and had nice hearty flavor. I also got a Frozen Grasshopper milk shake since I love mint. Got it non alcoholic which saved 3 bux but was still pricey at $8. Worth it tho. The bartender originally took it to the wrong table. The people there said it looked so good they decided to order it as well. I got there right after  they opened. By 12pm it was filling up so it's pretty popular. I definitely recommend this place.
WOW, where do I begin?!?! This place is AMAZING!!! This was the BEST hamburger I have ever had! I ordered the fun-ghi burger, added a fried egg to it and some yummy cheeses. We had an appetizer of fried pickles and egg rolls, both delicious. The burger selection is OUT OF THIS WORLD!! Everyone LOVED their hamburgers!!!. Lots of customization options for the PERFECT burger. If you order a burger, you have to get one of their shakes. These shakes are PHENOMENAL. They are served both alcoholic and non-alcoholic, and are the perfect match to a great burger. I had the red velvet cake shake, with an extra shot, its Vegas after-all and I LOVED it! Atmosphere was very fun and cool. Service was EXCELLENT. Will definitely be going back next time I'm in town.
This was our second time coming here and it's delicious! I got the gold standard and I'm pretty sure it's the best burger I've ever had! Left here feeling full and happy after our meal! Highly recommend eating here!!
OMG!!! We're all having Holsteins withdrawals. This was by far the best meal while in LV this past weekend. The tiramisu shake was YUMMY!! I had the El Machete burger and I was so good. Everyone else was so upset that they were to full to finish their burgers because they were so damn good.. . Our waiter was super cool too! He made suggestions, was very attentive and made us feel like he was a friend. We were to into our food to remember his name but if Adam Levine and Carey Hart had a baby it would be this guy. LOL!
As a widely traveled burger aficionado I have to say the burgers here are among the best. Top quality beef cooked to perfection, it's nice to see medium come with pink in it! I'm a minimalist when it comes to burgers, meat cheese and a bun, I want to taste the beef! That said I've tried the Gold Standard, The Steakhouse and the Nom Nom burgers here and all have great flavor combinations that still allow the flavor of the beef to be savored. The rest of the menu has some interesting looking items I hope to try if I ever  can resist ordering another burger, the Cuban Street Tacos and Truffle Lobster Mac N Cheese are very tempting. And of course don't forget to try a shake, yummy yummy goodness in a glass.  Remember it's Vegas if you come at peak times your probably going to wait but the best things in life are worth a little wait, right? Along the same train of thought the servers are going to be moving fast during the peak hours be patent, it's a virtue. And if you sit at the bar look for Bridgot, great service and amazing blue eyes! BTW she highly recommends the Teriyaki burger with an egg.
I'm honestly not even sure where to start with this one. . . The highest quality ingredients, matched together impeccably, and served in a gorgeous restaurant at a luxe spot on the Las Vegas strip with art by a fantastic local artist. Perfection!. . I got the Gold Standard - to think of what I experienced with each bite brings tears to my eyes, it was beautiful! I also experienced the fried pickles (a MUST have), country fried bacon and the pork buns. Bring friends, split the appetizers and spring for the burger. You won't regret it. . . Finish things off with one of their amazing shakes - I had the Tira Misu, and I will absolutely be back for another. . . The staff are uber friendly and definitely knowledgeable. The prices aren't In N Out Burger, but they aren't Strip Steak, either. Right in the middle where they should be. The Gold Standard burger was $17.95 and worth double that. . . We'll be back, Holsteins. Oh yes, we will be back.
Definitely one of the best meals I've had during my latest trip to Vegas! I haven't been since before the Cosmopolitan was finished, so Holstein's was on the top of my list to try. I wanted to try EVERYTHING on the menu, it was hard to narrow it down to just 1 app and 1 burger. I chose the truffle lobster mac and the Rising Sun burger. Both GREAT choices. BF wanted the cheese to be thicker (he found it rather runny) but I didn't care. It tasted great to me! My burger was awesome. BF ordered the Memphis burger, also good, but mine was better!. . No room for dessert. No room to try shakes either, even though that's what they're known for! Oh well, next time I'm in town, you know where I am going!
Best burger I've ever had, and I've had a LOT of burgers.  I had a Kobe Beef burger with potato chips (on the burger) and thousand island on a PERFECT bun.  Cannot wait to go back.
Burgers were good
I ordered "the gold standard," which allegedly won the award for best burger in Las Vegas and I believe it. It was truly delicious. Fries were good and the birthday cake shake was good too. Also unexpected was the popcorn we were given when we say down. It had a crazy good seasoning in it that made it kind of citrusy.
I'm sure my perception of food choices in Vegas is skewed as more often than not they come after a heavy drinking session (either immediately after or the next day).  At that point almost anything would taste great.  Holsteins came highly recommended and after sleeping through the breakfast hour it was time to skip directly to lunch anyway.. . When presented with a burger voted Vegas's best, it's hard to consider anything else.  I went with the Gold Standard Burger and wasn't disappointed.  Sweet Potato fries were another plus. To top things off I ordered one of the "boozy milkshakes", going with the Oreo and Bailey's version (I wasn't adventurous enough to go for the Captain Crunch).  I left plenty satisfied and a little overstuffed, but overall I would recommend this place for a hearty lunch or dinner (skipping breakfast was a good call).
The rising sun is amazing! Every time I visit Vegas I have to stop at Holsteins !!! The burgers are very unique and tasty! You might even bump into B list celebs lol! Saw a reality tv star last time. Big woop
Love this Place, when I leave Marquee Nightclub Its right there.  Fast service and the KOBE Burger is awesome.  The Music gets kind of loud after 11pm but the late night menu makes up for it! Got to love the Cosmo!
Came to Holsteins on my last Vegas trip on reccomendation from my brother. I'm glad we did!. . On the previous trip I had tried Burgr across the street and this place is definitely a better burger restaurant.. It was a Sunday on a holiday weekend so it was fairly busy, we put our name in and they take your phone number so they can send a text when your table is ready. Went and played some slots for a half hour and BOOM, got a text, awesome.. . I ordered a Pretty simple burger, bacon cheese and a very good garlic sauce. I love that their burgers come with fries, so much easier to pay the "Burger bar" prices when it comes with a side. The burger was very good, perfectly cooked and great accompaniments.. We also ordered one of the adult milkshakes, candy bar vodka and chocolate peanut butter flavorings, delicious. . Serving was very good, fairly quick ticket times, no problems there.. . I will definitely be back ot Holsteins for my burger fix in Vegas.
Of course this place is going to be pricey! It's the cosmopolitan! Came here 30 minutes before they closed. Usually wouldn't go in since it closed so soon, but this place was packed! My sister got a Bloody Mary and I had the Thai beef salad. Wow! Both were amazing. The bartenders were really busy and very attentive. One of the female bartenders didn't look like she was in a good mood but the Barback and the other bartender were welcoming and made conversation for a bit despite how busy they were. I loved how the staff seemed very young! I like a place who hires the young and gives them a chance to prove themselves. This is coming from a server who would work her butt off to get in a place like that!! Haha anyways I loved this place and would definitely be coming back:)
YUM. Great burger place. We checked in with foursquare and each got a free drink from the special they were offering! I got the beef burger topped with thick sliced smoked bacon and a fried egg, salad on the side. But god damn the other specialty burgers looked SO good too. Will definitely be back to try more! . . Really cool atmosphere and nice servers.
Great reviews so we decided to try this place. Whoever we asked for their recommendation was the Rising Sun. I can tell you it was very good. I never had a burger taste so good. If you are staying at Cosmo or if you visit Cosmo and do not try this place; you are missing big time.
Holsteins is definitely my go to spot for burgers. I had the Gold Standard burger which was hands down the best burger I've ever had. The fries were just okay, but other than that everything was perfect. Service included, which I find quite rare these days. . . I will definitely be back to try one of the shakes and the lobster mac and cheese which everyone raves about. And there's no doubt that I rave about this spot to everyone who loves a great burger.
My second time at this place, I'm not sure a burger can be any more delicious than the Gold Standard.  They have La fin Du Monde on tap, period.
Shakes with alcohol? pumpkin spice and crown maple?! YES, PLEASE!! Came here for a shake and stayed for a burger and fries.  All were yum-mazng!!  The billionaire burger was cray cray, but delish.  My sunrise burger was on-point....and sweet potato fries and natural cut fries were good too.. . That lobster mac and cheese though....along with the alcoholic desserts are what's going to bring me back!!
Absolutely amazing burgers and shakes,  blows Chica poblano out of the water.  Much better bang for your buck and better food.  Split a burger and was stuffed. A absolute must have.
Wow what does one say about this place? The decor is absolutely refreshing and the artwork is not only cute but funny. They have a large array of milkshakes not only alcoholic but non as well. Being that this is my second time I went for the Holstein Beef sliders and I was no disappointed. The fries are amazing and the sliders were perfection. I'm using a mix of past and current...I'm confused. Our server Andy was very attentive of everything we wanted and I would go here again and again!!
Updating once again based on experiencing the BILLIONAIRE BURGER.. . My friend and I ended up eating here because we came to Cosmopolitan to eat at Comme Ca, unfortunately SEMA was in town and Comme Ca was hosting an event in their dining room. Being that we did not want to sit and eat at the overly crowded bar at Comme Ca, we walked over to Holsteins. We had to wait for a seat here too so I was really freakin hungry when we sat down. . . One bummer about this experience was they did not bring out any complimentary popcorn. *womp womp*. . Other than that our server was very nice and helpful. He knew the menu well. BUT. My friend and I knew we were getting the Billionaire Burger because we HAD to have a burger with foie gras in it. Yep. This burger comes with a big chunk of grilled foie gras right in the burger. It has Kobe beef with frisee, port-onion marmalade and truffle mayonnaise. DANG. If you don't feel like hitting the high-roller tables after this burger something is wrong with you. I also added some cheese to mine. . . We also split the "Snickers, Please!" dessert, which was decent, but I would suggest going with one of their bomboozled milkshakes and have it WITH your burger instead.. . Holstein's does it RIGHT in the world of fancy burgers in Vegas.
Excellent burgers.  Burger was done perfectly.  Lots of flavor and a perfect char.  Lobster truffle Mac and cheese was great.  Service was spot on.. . We had dinner about 10pm on Sunday and there was no wait.. . I definitely recommend this place if you are in Vegas looking for a burger.
