About 75% of the time, my experience is completely different than what other Yelpers have to say about a company. Why is that? I'm not terribly picky but I am a stickler for excellent service ... am I really that out of whack with the rest of the Yelp demographic? And sometimes the other Yelp reviews end up being correct ... like say when a tree trimmer that I loved went out of business and ended up with an F grade with the BBB. . . A perfect example ... our stay at the Tropicana at the beginning of the month was a 5-star experience from beginning until end.. . Let me backtrack a bit. We like to go to Vegas at this time of year for my birthday. Last year, we stayed at Bellagio which was a disappointment from the 30-minute long check-in wait to the in-room safe locking us out to our room not being cleaned one of the three nights we were there. We thought it was overpriced for a tiny little room that wasn't so great. This year, we went in the opposite direction. We wanted to find a room that we didn't expect a whole lot from so we couldn't be disappointed. . . After reading all the Yelp reviews, we thought we'd give the Tropicana a chance. We made our reservation over the phone and ended up having to change the date three times due to our line of business. Each time, the reservation specialist was helpful and would give us an excellent rate on the Paradise Suite that was about 1/3 of the cost of a Bellagio suite. In all honesty, I rethought the Tropicana choice about 50 times after I made the reservation based on the truly horrendous reviews given here. Blood in the room and on the mattresses? OMG, these are the things that give me nightmares, but Tropicana offered something that other locations couldn't ... an inexpensive, brand-new, prime strip-view "true suite" with an actual door on the bedroom so that the person who can't sleep on vacation (me) wouldn't disrupt the person who can sleep like a baby on vacation (hubby). We decided to take our chances.. . Upon our arrival, everyone was very helpful from the valet to the bellman to the front desk clerk. Our suite was in the front Paradise Tower (highly recommended vs. the far-flung Island Tower) and we were stunned when we arrived in the room. Absolutely stunning view north on the strip with windows on each side of the living area. I think we were on the 18th floor and I really couldn't believe how far north you could see. I also loved the Keurig coffee maker in the room and we even rearranged things a bit to make them more comfortable and cozy because the room was really that big. The bathroom was adorably retro and the bed was very comfortable. Also, unlike other reviewers, we didn't have a problem with the plantation shutters ... we just adjusted them down like you're supposed to do. We also got very little street noise and no adjoining room noise.. . We're not big gamblers so we can't really give any feedback on the gaming there, but we did like Cafe Nikki, their fitness facilities (kinda difficult to find at night in the desolate Island Tower though!), and we even took in the Yesterday Beatles Tribute which was kinda silly, but we had two-for-one tickets (be sure to look at the great offers in their booklet). These were the main amenities that we enjoyed on-site.. . Additionally, I don't think there's a better location on the strip ... you're right across from MGM Grand, where we enjoyed Tom Colicchio's craftsteak but didn't enjoy KA. We were able to get a taxi to anywhere very easily and cheaply. We were able to walk to about a dozen places in a short amount of time. (And as an aside ... Vegas, when are you going to ban those "girls come to your room" flyer people?! It's completely obnoxious, especially when you see them being given to old folks. Seriously people ... we must have been accosted 50 times during our walk from Tropicana to Planet Hollywood.) The valet can easily grab your car in record time if you need it. The housekeeping staff is top-notch and, for the record, I detected no musty smoke smell anywhere. . . So, definitely give the Tropicana a chance ... we honestly can't wait to go back and get exactly the same room!
I'm surprised this place only gets 2.5 stars! I'm a Vegas junkie and have stayed at almost every hotel on the strip. For the price u pay - this place is definitely worth every penny! I guess they recently remodeled their rooms and I totally fell in love with their FURNITURE! Took a bunch of pics of their furniture. One day, I want to have a house with the same furniture!  Very cozy, comfortable rooms. Like I said, I've stayed at all the 5 stars hotel in Vegas and except for the smaller hallways, lower ceilings, old facade, Tropicana rooms are pretty comparable to the rest of the strip! Nice, soft, comfy beds, luxurious bed sheets, flat screen TVs, etc. etc. Nikki beach cafe, which is open 24 hours, has some great food too for those who do not want to drop big bucks on food! Would definitely stay here again!
The Tropicana has become my new favorite in Las Vegas.  They've redesigned their entire hotel, casino, and all their rooms.  The place is so clean and comfortable.  Everything is incredibly bright and refreshing.  I never wanted to leave.  The service staff were all courteous and fun.  We felt like we were at a party from the minute we got there.  . You won't believe how great the new pool area is.  I can't wait until Nikki Beach opens!  That is going to be the new hot spot in Vegas.  . Our rooms were incredibly welcoming, bright, and clean.  Everything was perfect for us!  They had everything just so that we could relax and enjoy our stay.. We we eating late one night and decided to try the new Biscayne steakhouse at the Tropicana.  It was unbelievable!  The food was absolutely fantastic!  I had the filet and almost ordered a second one.  No matter how hungry you are, make sure you get the eggplant tacos!  They will change your life.  When the bill came at the end of our meal, I couldn't believe how inexpensive it was.  . We spent most of our three-day stay at the Tropicana.  We didn't need to leave.  The casino was gorgeous and clean.  There wasn't that musty smoke and wet carpet smell everywhere.  Not to mention how bright and fun it all felt.  . Make sure you visit the Tropicana as it will quickly become THE place to go in Vegas.
I had a great stay at the Tropicana for March Madness, round 1 and 2. I ate at Cafe Nikki and it was super. The service was awesome and always with a smile.  The sportsbook was great, they gave great service too. The employees I remember were Todd Kunesh, Claire, cocktail waitress, and Ecko at the front of Cafe Nikki.  I also ordered room service and it was really fast and good.  Loved my stay there and I appreciated that great service I received not just from these people, but everyone there.  I can't wait to get back there.
Just returned from staying at the Tropicana for three days.   And I must say that we were impressed by the accommodations!  We signed up for the "Ultimate Suite Deal" that you'll find on Trop's Website.   Staying in a suite of any hotel is worth it because you get more space and because sometimes you want to feel as though you don't always have to watch TV from the bed.. . In this "Ultimate Suite Deal," you pay for a two-room suite for $99/night.  And when I say "two-room," the room actually has two rooms.  It's like having a one-bedroom apartment.  You have a living room in one room and a separate bedroom (which has a door to close). . . The best part about the "suite deal": You end up in a corner room overlooking the Strip.  We could not believe the view we had of the strip when we arrived!  I had to take pictures of it and share it on Facebook.  I even looked at the fire escape map posted on the door, and our suite is the biggest room on the floor.. . It's completely true that Tropicana has made it a better place to stay.  I remember the old Tropicana:  It was older hotel, and it was very smoky.  Surprisingly, it almost seemed like it was a smoke-free environment.  Maybe the hotel has a better ventilation system?  Or maybe not many people are smoking these days?  Or maybe it was the faint smell of some "tropical" scent in the hallways?. . However, the Tropicana's casino is smaller compared to the others.  But, it's like you're playing in the Strip's "best kept secret."  You don't have to deal with so many tourists (and smokers).  Plus, I won nearly $300 in one of the penny slot machines --- can you imagine that?  My $20 that I invested came back to me 6x!   And while I was playing the slots, I didn't realize I was accumulating "comp" points on my Players Club card.  So, when I checked out, I found out I accumulated $75 in comp points which I could use to pay my bill.  Unbelievable!  I was winning in the slot machine --- and I was racking up comp dollars to help pay for my room at the same time.. . The only downside of the Trop is that there is construction going on.   If you don't want to see construction crews and construction barricades, then the Trop is not your hotel.   But, once you're inside the hotel and inside your fabulous suite, the construction and the barricades are a thing of the past.. . Believe me when I say:  You won't be disappointed by the Trop.  I'm already looking into future dates to take advantage of the "Ultimate Suite Deal."  (The regular price of a two-room suite in the Trop is over $200!). . I hope I can stay in the same room!
Great rooms at a great price.  Everything in the hotel is new.  I highly reccomend.
i stayed @ the Tropicana from 4/6/11 thru 4/12/11.. . Upon entering the casino you immediately smell a coconut-vanilla type scent. it was a little strong but a much more welcome scent than cigarette smoke! immediately to the left after walking in is the lobby. we had an wed evening arrival so the check in was a breeze. We  stayed in the island tower (i think they're still renovating the main tower in the casino since i never saw anybody but construction workers going near the elevators for that tower) YES it is quite a walk to the island tower elevators!! it doesn't take forever but its definitely sucky when u have been walking around the strip all day and just wanna get back to your room! hopefully they come up with a creative alternative or a flat escalator for that in the future.. . First of all just about every detail of the casino/hotel has been renovated or is in the process of. The casino for its size is clean and a has decent selection of slots and table games. (i always saw a good amount of waitresses @ the slots all the time to get drinks) there's a new sports book, and we saw a poker room coming together by the a sports book area. There's an outdoor "heated" pool (3FT-5FT depth) there's two Jacuzzis one covered  & one with landscaping (part of pool is still being renovated) and cocktail service starts early w/ $10 cocktails if i remember correctly. there's a very nicely equip fitness room (weights/bench/new cardio machines etc)  . . new restaurants: Biscayne's (steak & seafood) **tip there's a great deal for like 50% off @ tix 4 tonite** and Bacio (Italian). Two days into our stay the food court opened which includes a full service Starbucks, a pizza and deli place and a noodles restaurant. There's also a convenient  little snack shack in the back by the island tower elevators which sold Starbucks coffee and i believe blended coffee drinks of some variety and breakfast snacks and chips.  . . the rooms: **blond moment** (only reason why I'm sharing this is so if u make the same mistake or have issues getting into your room u know what to do) when we were first going to our room we got out on the wrong floor Soooo our key didn't work :P Any-who if this happens there's guest telephones on a table on each floor near an elevator so u can call the front desk or whoever and get help (we used the phone  and didn't walk all the way back down to the lobby... but many reviewers complained of this so just a heads up). So back to the review of the rooms: the room we had looked just like the pictures they show online, all the amenities they show online were in the room! the bed was nice and comfy, actually decent linens which were clean, had a padded duvet and the mattress under those sheets was new/clean as well :) there' 4 pillows on the bed but also 2 extras in the closet. theres also controlled climate. The bath tub is very large and a few jets away from being a jacuzzi tub but it fits 2 very comfortably :).... also there free wireless in-rooms that actually works great! . . we didn't do room service this trip, but we did request a coffee maker... we received our coffee maker it was a keurig coffee maker which included the single coffee pods (decaf and caffeinated) various brands and the condiments and portable cups was delivered. we called and spoke to room service after to see what this all was going to cost us and they said it was free, they were using up their supply and housekeeping would replenish it throughout our stay. They didn't say how close they were to running out but that they would be starting to charge for it very soon. it was a nice bonus to our stay.  . . bonus #2 during our stay: apparently the south beach atmosphere has carried over a laid back attitude cause when we were walking the long tunnel to our room on a sat night @ around 2:30AM  "THE POOL/JACUZZI'S WERE OPEN!!!" it wasn't a private party or something somebody tipped anybody off over. its just simply not locked and we were told by one of the staffers that if people aren't causing problems its cool with the managment (i do hesitate including this in the review cause there will be some dumb-asses who'll be stupid and cause management to 2nd guess allowing this) but being as we only discovered this on like day #4 of our stay it would have been nice to know esp since your told upon checking in the the pool closes @ 7p. (so your welcome!). . bonus #3 &4: the 9.99 resort fee includes printing your boarding pass for the return flight home @ their computer kiosks. & working free wireless internet in your hotel room.. . my overall impression is that this is a huge value for the location and room that you get.. the staff was extremely helpful and seemed to guinely like their jobs. Do i think that the tropicana is going to become Vegas's hottest hotel: No, but only time will tell. however a 2.5 rating  . simply doesn't begin to justify! i wouldn't hesitate staying here again, and i probably would book here when we come back in a couple of months
WOW....Talk about an IMPROVEMENT!!!  I stayed at the Tropicana last January and I tell you that you could of not paid me to stay in this hotel again.  The rooms were disgusting, and the Casino smelt like a combination of mold, old people, and baby vomit.  . . Upon checking in at the "New Tropicana" I was simply amazed.  The staff was incredibly helpful but more note worthy than that was the fact that the whole resort has been renovated!  The casino was completely remodeled, with white tile marble everywhere.  They added new restaurants, the pool has been renovated, and they are opening a brand new night club on May 26th, 2011.  I cannot tell you how impressed I was with this place.  The crowd has also changed, a much more younger, lively bunch and not the usual old locals hanging out in this "used to be" dive.. . The rates are also UNBEATABLE.  This hotel compares to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay with rates about half of theirs.  If you are coming to Vegas I would highly recommend staying here!. . Tip: The Filet Wrap available at Cafe Nikki is phenomenal!
Stayed at Paris for the first two nights, and then moved to Tropicana . I was really impressed when I stepped into the hotel. Great services, large hotel room, good views! I like it better than the Paris, actually. I should stay here from the first day I got Las Vegas. I will come back again, obsolescently.
The renovations were very impressive at this hotel/casino. Large comfortable standard rooms, great service. We really loved all of the changes, and cant wait to stay there again!
5 Stars, really Dik? . . Yeah - I was as surprised as you...We visited here about a month ago for a friend's wedding and I had really low expectations. I'd cruised through the "pre-renovation" Tropicana several years ago just to get a taste of "old Vegas". Unmemorable didn't begin to describe it - more like a sweaty detour between Excalibur and MGM into which one would duck to escape the heat.. . Boy, what a difference a $180M facelift can do.. . After arriving around midnight (3hrs later than expected - thank you traffic), I'd worried that they had given the room away to some ravers in town for the Electric Daisy Carnival also taking place that weekend. Luckily, everyone at the front desk was accommodating and the check-in process was very smooth. In fact, everyone we encountered was very friendly and polite - I'm a sucker for good customer service. . . What struck me afterwards was the bright white decor - instead of having a sterile effect, it felt like it opened up the Hotel - and I use Hotel deliberately here - giving it a different vibe than other casinos in that it didn't feel "theme park-y". Rather, the tone evoked a touch of Sunset Strip luxury. Very cool.. . The rooms themselves were nice as well but the beds...I don't think I've had a better night's sleep in Vegas. They were almost too comfy. . . The one thing I found odd was the temperature of the pool - how is it that one can be sweating on the face and shoulders in the 100 degree heat, yet still be shivering with goosebumps from the 62 degree water below? My body couldn't regulate a medium between the two extremes - even after an hour.. . All-in-all staying at the Tropicana was so fun its almost like they paid me to write this review (its still not too late, guys (hint, hint)) . . (just kidding) . . (kinda). . But all kidding aside - if this review moved you, its definitely worth a look, but I'd do it soon before the word gets out!
I love the new look of Tropicana; airy, relaxing, great lighting where it needs to be, great friendly staff (especially front counter). I have stayed there 3 weeks earlier she upgraded my room free of charge I love it. From now on every time I stay at Tropicana I will make sure to upgrade. Great value great location.
The first thing I said when I walked into our room at the Tropicana on July 27, 2011 was, "Let's LIVE here!" It was THAT beautiful, inviting, clean, stylish, spacious, and comfortable.. . I can't think of one negative thing to say about this place. The renovation apparently paid off. It will have us coming back for sure. I'm not sure if it was because it was newly renovated, but I hope they maintain how it is right now. . . The washroom was large, had a beautiful Kohler faucet/sink, and overall was uber clean. The bed was "fall asleep in 1 minute or less" comfortable! They had a big LG flat screen with HD channels---thumbs way up! Wooden shades were a nice touch, windows opened as well. Sliding door mirrored closet, iHome alarm clock with iPod docking station, stylish new lamps and plants added to their tropical theme.. . We were in the Paradise Tower and had no trouble finding parking. I think this tower was most convenient as the elevators were a few steps away from the main entrance and casino. . . The pool was lovely. It's fairly large and the crowd was tame, bar and towel service in full effect, overall very pleasant.. . The casino area was not as smokey as other casinos. I enjoyed the coconut smell, but I can see how it might not be enjoyable for people who hate the smell of coconuts :P We played the slots here one night and made a killing, so that's another plus!. . Check-out was a breeze-----but.......we really did not want to leave! We'll be back soon, hopefully.. . All in all, highly recommended.
Just returned from a four-day stay at the Trop and the first thing I would like to say is that the its overall rating definitely does not reflect its recent refurbishment. It still ain't the Bellagio, but if you expect that kind of stay for a reasonable price, you need to reassess your standards.. . Our rooms were great! Both the room and the bathroom were definitely bigger than most standard hotel rooms I have stayed in, and they were well-equipped. Huge flat-screen HDTV, big comfy beds, and cool cabana-style shutters on the windows. These rooms (and the rest of the resort) have definitely been souped up with a more modern, clean look that doesn't scream "kitsch" like some of its more heavily themed neighbors.. . I think my only "complaint" would be that it would have been nice to have our party placed into two adjoining rooms, as opposed to merely adjacent ones. But I'm not that picky, I can walk a couple of extra feet.. . I didn't really do any gambling at the Trop, so I can't really comment on the casino itself. Same would go for the pool, although it seemed pretty nice from my limited experience. For me, the Trop was a home base on the Strip, and it was a very good one at that. It is a great value, especially given the price, and I would not hesitate to stay here again.
It had been a couple of years since I stayed at the Trop......our recent visit was a pleasant surprise.  They have updated the rooms and the hotel.  Beds and pillows were excellent.  The bathrooms are nicely updated and well appointed.  Would be nice to have a small refrig, but.....they upgraded us to a view room of the strip.  All the employees are very helpful and the jackpot win was certainly a bonus!!!  . . We will be back......
So this was our first time staying at the Tropicana. Been to Vegas a good number of times, but never checked it out. Decided to stay there for Labor Day Weekend as the rates were great, and had heard they completely re-did the place + added Nikki Beach.. . Well turns out, all the good things I heard were true and MORE. Right from when we checked in, the staff was so friendly and helpful. I have to say that in particular, Thomas one of the managers was unbelievable. He really went above and beyond to take care of my fiance and I, and made us feel so welcome. Thank you again Thomas!. . The rooms were very nice, our suite was truly unbelievable! There was a big jacuzzi tub and sauna IN the room.. . Nikki Beach was alot of fun the first day, got set up with a nice daybed and really enjoyed the crowd, staff and music.. . Overall, a completely great time, good location, and even better staff. Only downside was Club Nikki at night. Tried to get a table w/ our group of my fiance and 6 of her girl friends, plus myself...but they couldnt make it happen apparently. Once inside, the place was pretty dead and plenty of tables. If they were wise, they would give out some no min. tables to draw in people while the other clubs in town have huge name DJs...and Nikki didnt that night. Just sayin.. . Otherwise, THANK YOU TROP for a great labor day weekend!
Beds are great new renovated rooms and for the price I can't really complain. I would def. Stay here again and spend the money I save on shows
We really enjoyed our wedding here. I don't know what this place looked like before the renovation, but when we got here. the place was extremily clean, bright, and did not smell like cigarette smoke, which is a plus for me. Our room was in the Paradise tower. When we got there, the standard room was nice and big, as well as, clean. We then upgraded to a suite in the club tower, the club tower has a better view of the strip, but a little further to walk, but is worth it. . We played black jack, which I have never played before, and the dealer was sooo very helpful, and gave me insite when to stay or not. She ended up winning me $40!! the service was great, from the front desk to the cleanning lady, to the servers. . There wedding service is just a dream!! (which I will write a review on the chapel service)
I am COMPLETELY impressed with the Staff at the Tropicana Hotel and GLOW SPA. The renovations of the hotel are simply gorgeous. I was a customer at the Spa on opening day 11/11/11 and had a massage with Andrew. The reception people were absolutely fantastic. The spa is GORGEOUS!. Andrew made me feel like a million bucks and Yolanda, the locker room attendant, is a beautiful and helpful person. I felt so happy and relaxed with my treatment! So relaxed that I forgot my diamond loop earrings in my locker..... Several days later I realized I had forgotten them. I was literally devasted. I called the hotel immediately and spoke with Sara. To my complete relief, my earrings had been found and tucked away in the spa safe. I was thrilled! Sara was gracious, supportive and made me feel comfortable that I would receive them. To cap off my AMAZING experience, Gianni Valentino sent me my earrings in a package with a couple Mandara body wash gifts. He called me to let me know progress when the earrings were sent to me FedEx also. I am stunned, impressed and grateful for this incredible service and experience.. I will ALWAYS stay at the Tropicana now for the rest of my life! Their impeccable service and ethics created a loyal and thankful customer.
Stop looking... If you are looking for the best value and perfect location for the ultimate Vegas experience, book the Tropicana.  They advertise and newly remodeled, but it is far beyond that.   It is conveniently located on the Las Vegas strip with walking distance anywhere, yet it offers a break from the hectic tourism crowd.  The casino is pristine, the dealers are freindly and even take the time to teach you the game.  The food and entertainment is fabulous.  Everyone is courteus and helpful.  Even the elevators are plentiful.  Seriously, that's a big deal.  have you ever needed to run upstairs and you wait forever for the elevators?  This place has plently of elevators and are fast.  The folks at the Tropican have thought of everything.  The new Glow spa is off the chart.  The concierge is knowlegable and helpful.  The bathrooms and spotless and clean. The pool is gorgeous. For me, it's like home.  If you are looking for a romantic get a way or a place for a large business meeting, this IS THE PLACE TO BE.
Love, love, LOVE this place! Try finding Tracy at the blackjack tables, by far the best dealer in town. Nice, new clean rooms and none of the hassles from other popular casinos on the strip.
so FREAKIN bummed you all left these horrible reviews. Went last year in July and going again this year for my sisters 21st b day again in july. It will be her first time. This place ROCKS!!! smells great, rooms AWESOME. got a suite upgrade. Im a young married woman and my hubby and i loved the faced it was small and quaint and no knuckle head frat boys running around. I told everyone about thisplace even. all my co workers and friends.  peoeple say is cheap its not CHEAP at all. its called a GREAT rate. why feel like your getting robbed at the other hotels when you can stay here. and with it being the end of the strip..the END of the strip is the airport this is not at the end. Mandalay Bay is further. Stop complaining. Check tripdvisor where REAL reveiews post. You will be surprised the difference there compared to here. Great pics are posted there too. The workers here are FAB. shout out to Nicole Marhsall :-) . . See u soon Trop :-)
Upon arriving here we had a very nice person check us in name Barbara.   Barbara was awesome and very friendly to us despite it being almost midnight when we checked in.   We got put into the Paradise Tower in a very nice room.  The rooms in the Paradise tower are definitely nicer than the Club Tower (which is where I was put the last time I stayed here).    . . The room was very clean, had a remodeled bathroom, flat screen tv, chaise lounge, a palm tree and a nice view of the Luxor/Excalibur across the street.  Room was white and orange with nice white crown molding on the ceiling. Parking was not a hassle and it was easy to access the self park lot from the hotel.   Also no charge for parking which is a plus.  . . Lots of people are complaining about the $14.99 per day resort fee.   I think it's a very reasonable price considering it includes Wi-Fi (which was super fast) and use of the fitness center and pool.  . . The maid cleaned our room thoroughly every day and over all I was VERY pleased with my stay here at Tropicana.  We will be back.  Let's just hope it is a little warmer so I can go into the pool.
I had a very pleasant stay! The rooms were clean, the beds were so comfortable. The workers were very nice (though it took really really long to check in..) but I would definitely go back there on my next trip to Vegas.
For service and an overall great experience, you cannot beat the hospitality of the Tropicana.  We have stayed here a few times and we just love the staff.  The rooms are big, modern and very comfortable.  We come out to Vegas at least three times a year and the Tropicana is probably one of the best experiences we have had.  Can't wait to get back.
Very nice how they did the renovation. Came here on a Sunday after we couldn't stand another night in Laughlin.. Was glad to see we could get an emergency room in Vegas for about  45 bucks. The great thing about it is that they don't even charge you for a room deposit. Everyone was so accommodating to us even the the valet who helped me find my drivers license.. . Nice thing that they have a nightclub (with the young crowd) so you can actually get smashed and not have to worry about driving back to your hotel. No cover charge for hotel guess.. . Check out was great the next day because they let us stay an extra hour with no charge. (especially helpful after going hard the night before). . My only complain is that they're parking needs to be upgraded... Impossible to find parking at night as its only one level, forcing me to do valet everytime. But I guess it's Vegas and valet Is free everywhere (except pH. They suck there in valet for non-hotel guest)
Excellent place to stay.  Just got back from my 3rd stay at the Trop and it didn't disappoint.  . . Israel who works at the front desk is amazing!  So nice and friendly.   Took very good care of us during our stay.  . . The Paradise Tower room was perfect yet again, very clean and a great view of the pool.  . . The only bad part was the weather for the first couple days we were there....rain??  Not the Trop's fault though.  We thoroughly enjoyed the pool on Wednesday and Thursday.  The pool is very large and there is plenty of seating whether you want sun or shade.   . . The Trop is a small casino but that's why I like it.  There isn't a lot of people milling around and check in is quick and painless (no waiting!). . Can't wait to visit again :)
This was my first time to Vegas without the parents and first time since I had turned 21 so I was pretty excited to be coming to celebrate my birthday here. It was also my bfs first time out of California ever so we had no idea what to expect.. . We got an amazing deal on groupon for this hotel which included a free bottle of wine. The checkin line was a bit long but the lady at the front desk was helpful. Our room was in the second tower which was quite a walk but our room was very nice. Very cold inside with a very large bathroom, king size bed and big flat screen. Our room wasn't too far from the elevator or the ice machine. The blinds are amazing! we woke up around 11am thinking it was still night until we checked the clock! Very dark and peaceful. It isnt close to all the "action" which is good because we had a nice quiet sleep, which we heard from another person we met on the monorail that where he was staying it was very noisy even at 4am (i forgot where he was staying). . The only thing I had to complain about was how far we were walking wise to everything, I ended up getting a blister from all the walking but we would stay here again, I was confused about the checkout process and sent an e-mail to the hotel and they responded very quickly about how to checkout which was very helpful.. . Overall we had a fantastic stay and we are already planning our next trip to vegas and staying at the tropicana.
I was really surprised at how great the Tropicana was, not that I had bad expectations or anything.  Stayed for four nights with some homies for the WSOP.  My room was very clean, they gave us a free upgrade to a city view, the a/c worked perfectly, and the entire hotel was spotless.. . The pool area was super crowded but we found some seats anyway, but wound up just hanging in the pool in the 120 degree summer drinking beers.  The music from the "MTV" type pool club thing they have there (Nikki Beach) was a bit too loud, I'll admit, but it sounded like people were having fun so who cares.  The main pool was crowded but did not feel like it in the pool itself, because it's so big.  There is also a big shaded area in the main pool with a blackjack table and bar.. . We ate at the pizza place inside and it was great, and there is a Starbucks in easy hangover distance from the elevators for your afternoon breakfast coffee.. . Check-in was super easy.. . Some minor things - there are no curtains, just wooden slats, but if you do Vegas right you really won't care and will wake up when you are supposed to anyway.  Our city view room was shiny at night, lights were lighting up at the MGM and there was also some kind of light - advertising going on on the side of the building itself, so a little bit of blinkies through the night.. . Also no coffee maker in the room, and the pool could have used a more attentive cleanup crew - there were cups and cans flying all over the place.  The parking lot is far from the lobby, but it was never a huge issue for us, even in the heat. Taxis you can get right outside the door.. . Small casino, older clientele, and far to walk from the strip were minor things that didn't really bother me, except once when we (wrongly) decided to try to walk home instead of taxi-it.. . Overall I would recommend this place, it was a great stay and there are definitely so many worse hotels in this price range, even more expensive, in Vegas that I dare anyone who has complained on Yelp to stay at, they'll be running back to the Tropicana crying and saying "Sorry Tropicana I love you!"
Wow!. . The Tropicana doesn't look anything like it used to.  It's outside appearance may have something to be desired in comparison to its much newer neighbors on the strip, but inside is where The Trop shines.. . The hotel and casino are bright, clean and fresh smelling.. . Their front desk agents are friendly and accommodating.  Slots are looser than most other casinos on the strip (I sat at one machine for over 4 1/2 hours with only my $20 initial investment).  Nice!. . If you're new to their players club, you get up to $200 back in slot play.  You can't beat that.. . I stayed at Planet Hollywood and had a very different experience.  . . I will definitely return to The Tropicana!!!
Don't know where the the people that left negative reviews stayed but it wasn't here. Boy has this Casino changed it's reputation! What a beautiful property. Stayed here for our 20th anniversary and it was so beautiful, clean, brand new, smelled like coconuts everywhere! No stinky in this place.  AMAZING BEDS & huge ROOMS!!! They definitly succeeded at that Miami feel. The pool was gorgeous! Great music at the pool for us 40 something people & nice guests as well. We were treated very well everywhere we went, saw the Mob Attraction which was so much much fun. Honestly if we didn't get the discount coupons for it we probably woulda missed it but I'm glad we went, it was so worth the money. The actors were fabulous! I will be staying here again. I love this place. Oh BTW, the breakfast Buffet was incredible, very fresh & so much to choose from! YOU DO GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR AND MUCH MUCH MORE! We only spent $250 for 3 nites over a weekend on a Groupon deal and got 5 Star service! Great Job Trop!
This hotel is great!  I visited here in April 2012.  The entire hotel was completely renovated.  The hotel is the perfect size for us.  It is one of the smaller strip hotels, which means no huge crowds of people jamming up the hotel who aren't staying at the hotel.  It has all the amenities of the mega hotels, but on  a smaller scale.  Every room is close to the pool and restaurants, unlike some of the mega hotels where you have to walk a mile through the casino to get to the pool or restaurants.  The pool is very nice, and never crowded like some other big hotels  It has great restaurants, and a 24 hour food court.  We enjoyed all of them.  It also has a spa and gym.  It is in close proximity to many large and theme  hotels such as New York, Mandalay Bay, MGM, Luxor, and Excalibur.  The city monorail that runs the length of the strip is right across the street at MGM.  There is also a monorail across the street at Excalibur connecting it to Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  The price for this hotel is comparable with some other strip hotels that are not as sleek or  recently renovated.  Put this all together with a great price and it gets 5 stars.. . Rooms  5 stars. Just renovated.. Casino 4 stars.  Small, but fun atmosphere, table games are full at night, lots of energy.. Restaurants 4 stars. Two upscale steak, and Italian both very nice.  One casual poolside cafe that's great for lunch.. Pool 5 stars.  Close to rooms, never too crowded like Caesar's or other big hotels, big pool with shaded area under a roof.
My boyfriend and I decided we wanted a weekend away for his 30th birthday and figured what better place to spend it than Sin City?  When searching around for hotels, we were having a hard time that fit our desire for a nice place to stay and our low budget.  We finally settled on the Tropicana, with no real expectations.. . When we arrived, we were so pleasantly surprised.  We were there during the renovations, so not everything was open, but it didn't matter to us.  Our room was brand new and gorgeous, it is on a great location on the strip, and we paid about $40 per night after the ridiculous discount we got.  We had such a blast on this trip and the Trop will always have a place in our hearts.
Went again in July for my sisters 21st Bday with the hubs and AGAIN FAB!! Stop complaining folks. It's not meant to be a MGM or Aria, its the Top and its great at being just that. If you don't want to walk 5 miles to your room this is the place. Everyone working here is great. Rooms are really SNAZZY and clean and beds are INSANELY comfortable. Hotel smells great. Bus is right in front. Bridge to MGM. Things to do in the hotel. I'm 32 and my sis loved it even at 21. Check tripadvisor if you want real traveler reviews. Nicole Marshall is GRET and Trop is lucky to have her.
OK OK Let me explain. I had a hard time NOT giving this place 5 stars. There were errors here and there that could have been taken care of and avoided but at the same time, it was all made "right" at the end. So, I really don't have any complaints. . . I was out here during the week of the 2012 Presidential election. The strip wasn't real packed. So, it was the perfect time to be visiting. With all the buzz about the election and the electoral votes, etc, my family and I had our eyes peeled with every TV screen we passed by. The most unfortunate thing was that our room was one of the ones that had been remodeled but in doing so, we weren't ever given the proper remote for the TV and we also weren't given a remote with a guide button that worked. Without a guide button, we also didn't know what channels we had access to or not. Boo! So that was one problem.  I asked the front desk about the TV. They said that they would send someone to bring us a replacement remote. I waited for 3 hours. THat didn't happen. I asked again when I was leaving the hotel, for someone to please leave us that remote in our room while we were out. That didn't happen. I finally turned on the TV, well tried to, but it was out. Apparently there was a casino-wide surge and tons of poker machines out on the gambling floor weren't working, the computers at the front desk weren't working and the TV's were not working. Oh joy!. . Another problem for us was that when we had house keeping come, we were going through tissues in our room like crazy. I was suffering from crazy allergies and so was my auntie. When the housekeeping staff came, we never had our tissue supply replenished. So, I had to ask that housekeeping come to our room at 3AM when we had run out of tissue as well as toilet paper. That was issue number two. Again, keep in mind that all it took was a phone call and it was fixed. It was nice that I received what I'd asked for in about 10 minutes after making the phone call, not an hour or two.. . The last issue was that some of our electrical outlets were not working. That was a bummer when we had cell phones and iPads to plug in and charge. . . The hotel is on the strip, very close to the sign that welcomes you into Las Vegas. It's connected, via bridge, to the MGM. So, that was a nice stroll between the properties. The minute you walk in, it smells like cocoa butter and coconut. I like the smell but I'm sure there are plenty who are not fond of that scent. Our room was just as I had asked, 2 beds, near an elevator and on a lower level floor. I didn't want to get stuck in a hotel elevator with 45678943 other people who were coming and going in between each and every floor. I also had been given a pool view. That was nice, until I noticed that there was a guy outside my window after I'd come out of the bathroom from having taken a shower. I sure hope it was tinted. I called the front desk right away and asked who and why he was out there. I think he and I both kinda startled each other. Luckily, I had my towel wrapped around me but sheesh.  The desk told me that he was putting up some new banners and they should have let the guests know but weren't sure that they'd done it or not. Umm, OK great but do something about him!! They got him away from my window immediately. THanks!. . The rooms are spacious and are pretty clean. I do it at every hotel, checked for bugs and bed mites and things. All clear!! The shower was nice and large. But, with as big a tub as we had, I had hoped that we'd received a stopper for our drain so that we could take a bath if we'd chosen to do so. I didn't mention this until the end of my stay. . . I stayed at the Trop for about one week. I got to know the ladies who cleaned my room. After the first time I met them, I asked them for a few things and that they make sure that certain items were always well stocked. After that, it went smoothly and perfectly. Occasionally, I would leave them a drink or snack with their tip. So, I'd say that we had a pretty good relationship for that week. . . The decor is simple and on the more tropical side. The sundries store clerks are fabulous; charming and  very friendly. The beach cafe was perfect when I was craving a simple turkey sandwich. The prices weren't bad either. . . The five stars comes from my not having to pay my resort fees, for the service that I received from the staff, for the assistance I received from the concierge and for the value of my money. I'd definitely stay here again if given the opportunity.. . I was lucky enough to book my one week's stay for under two hundred bucks. So, if I am lucky enough to find a similar promotion again, I'd stay here without any hesitation. THANKS!!
Quieter than the big hotels on the strip. Great restaurants! The pool area, though closed now, is beautiful. They were building it on my first trip to the Trop a year-and-a-half ago. . . I would recommend the Tropicana highly. You can walk to anywhere on the strip from there.
Easy free parking. Swanky new south beach theme. Gonna interview Murray Sawchuck.. . I saw the magic show for the first time here and had an amazing interview with Murray Sawchuck. A world-renowned magician who goes out of his way to be very hilarious and yet totally appropriate for kids. Not sure how he does that. My book will contain an interview with him and he really is a magic expert I found out. He's also the local magic expert for the famous Vegas-based TV show "Pawn Stars". The crowd loved not only his zany fun humor, but his tricks. You are constantly saying "What'?!!" or "How did he do that?" His wife Chloe will also make your jaw drop with her beauty playing the Magician's Assistant role. The Laugh Factory is super easy to get to via the front entrance near the parking lot. It's a lot less walk then most showrooms at a casino.  It's tons of fun and Murray is funny as hell too, a real bonus. Everyone in the entire place was laughing so hard, and even getting up to see if there were escape hatches, wires, or cheats. His slight of hand will leave you gasping, he's great. I plan to take my mom and friends soon, and see the show again. Maybe this time I can figure out how he did at least one trick... maybe. After the show he was mobbed for autographs because due to his world travels and TV appearances everyone knows him. If you don't, you should.
My five star rating is largely based on our wedding experience at The Trop. Is the actual casino/hotel on par with Wynn or Venetian? Not quite! But I can't knock the rating as our wedding was a dream come true.. . We had our wedding ceremony at The Tropicana in the gardens last October. Our wedding coordinator Katie was top-notch and made the whole experience so easy. She always had a smile on her face and couldn't have been more helpful in general! The garden was surprisingly private, and very intimate despite bring surrounded by a restaurant and the swimming pool area; the staff at Trop did an amazing job ensuring that other guests did not come anywhere near our wedding. I wouldn't change a thing about choosing Tropicana for my outdoor wedding. If you're thinking about a destination wedding, but are scared of a cheesy or cheap or unpredictable venue in Vegas, I highly recommend Trop. They turned our "crazy Vegas wedding" into a gorgeous and upscale affair.. . In terms of the actual casino and hotel, my husband and I, as well as a large portion of our wedding guests, really enjoyed our spacious, clean, and beachy rooms. We only had one group that had an issue, which was that the wifi did not work in their room. A technician was there within an hour and was able to get the connection going. The location on the strip is pretty good, with easy access to MGM, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay.. . My husband liked how the casino area in Trop felt more spacious than the other casinos - that he didn't feel like he was banging shoulders with other people. The atmosphere was very laid back in general, but modern and stylish.. . The only downside to Trop is the complete lack of clubs/bars/nightlife. It was great for us, since we were having a wedding, but might not be the most optimal fit for younger singletons looking for the typical Vegas experience.
I had a great stay at the Tropicana. My boyfriend and I stayed here for a week while he was performing at the Laugh Factory comedy club. The people were all very nice. I also really enjoyed the casino, lounge with live music, and the pool area. I visited the gym, which was nice, but it was kind of small for all the people to have enough space. I'd recommend going before 7am or after 11am. . . The only thing I wish they had was a better food selection within the hotel. However, it is convenient located next to many food courts that are a short walk away. We will come back to the Tropicana next time we visit Las Vegas.. . PS- Jon Stringer is the best comedian.
We came here for my 21st birthday and from the very beginning the service was excellent. Jo Ann was the young lady who checked us in and she was fabulous! The room was nice and clean and the restroom was also clean and had a large tub. We had a beautiful view from our tower also. . The next night I ordered room service at 3am and was brought the best burger I've had in a long time! The gentleman who brought up my meal was very sweet and courteous! I will DEFINITELY be coming back!
Probably the best Hilton Honors benefits available. Good VegasStrip rates, Diamond upgrade to suite, VIP registration for Diamond members, special buffet area and desperate lines that allowed us to jump to the front of long lines.. . The two restaurants are expensive and the Italian place that we tried was lousy at best.  The cafe is a much better choice!. . Fun stay.... We'll be back!
I love being able to leverage my Diamond Status in Vegas.  They have great Diamond Check-In here, my room was available upon arrival (11:30am), I don't pay for the gym - I love all that.  My conference is at Mandalay but I chose to stay here specifically for Hilton points and I'm glad. . . This is a nice, newly updated hotel.  I am in a bungalow and it's spacious and clean.  The pool is updated and it doesn't appear as crowded as others.  The service has been good and I'm having a very enjoyable stay.  I would come here again. I would not get this level of service at any other hotel in Vegas.
Probably the best Hilton Honors benefits available. Good Vegas Strip rates, Diamond upgrade to suite, VIP registration for Diamond members, special buffet area and desperate lines that allowed us to jump to the front of long lines.. . The two restaurants are expensive and the Italian place that we tried was lousy at best.  The cafe is a much better choice!. . Fun stay.... We'll be back!
We always stay at the Trop when in Vegas. We have a GREAT Casino host, Iris, and she did an especially nice job this time. We had a sort of famliy reunion in October at the Trop. Iris always makes sure we are taken care of as best as she can (related to our level of play) and this time she also took care of all the family members who came with. People that have never even been to the Trop before had an easy checkin with their players cards all ready when checking in. No issues at all (other than I wanted a suite lol). We were all there on different schedules and no matter what the day or time the staff was great and there was not one issue. When we did sleep in all we had to do is call housekeeping and someone came right away to make up the room and at no time were we shorted anything and the room was always cleaned. All the staff thatI came in contact with was great except for one of the older cocktail waitresses who maybe should retire. She acts like getting drinks for gamblers is a chore and is very, very slow. I guess that is the one thing that could be improved on. I have to say the service for slot gamers is usually a bit lacking even when you are a good tipper. At times there is just not enough of them. I did gamble at a few other casino's and have to say that at a few of them the drink service was much better but at a few (MGM and NYNY were way slower). I would like to personally thank our casino host Iris for an outstanding job and helping to make some elderly family memebers very comfortable during our stay. We were there for 7 days & 6 nights and had no issues with the hotel or the staff.  The only thing I would change for next time (which will be in March) is to have either a bungalow suite or a bungalow room overlooking the pool.  Thanks!  Terry & Anna
The new remodeled Tropicana is awesome!!!! The service is great and the atmosphere is feels very welcoming! The casino is just perfect not too pack and just the enough fun! Can't wait to go back!
