My girlfriend and I had an amazing pre-show dinner experience here. Things started off great by being able to get a reservation morning of dinner plans. Followed by our wonderful server who was very knowledgeable about the menu items and very helpful by suggesting some of her favorite items. The bus staff was also amazing -- I never seemed to be able to have anything other than a full water glass, and used dishes were promptly removed.. . At first glance this restaurant seems a bit pricey, but if you realize its a big name restaurant and its in a strip casino, prices aren't out of line. We enjoyed our food, cocktails, and loved the delicious dessert. I will definitely be returning!
I've been here twice and both times were amazing. . . The butternut squash ravioli is great. So is the chicken parmesan. I have tried a few soups, which were very good. The pizza is good but pizza is pizza, and it's not something I really crave at a fancy restaurant.. . Now, as for the dessert, that was really impressive! I had a chocolate souffle with vanilla bean ice cream- on the house for my birthday! Service is really fantastic here. I have also tried a few other desserts, all of which are delicious.. . Pricing is very reasonable here too for a celebrity-owned Vegas restaurant. Portions are decent, unlike many other higher-end restaurants.
On a Saturday night at 7pm, my husband and I were seated right away. We ordered the Butter Lettuce "Caesar Salad", MEATBALL WOOD OVEN PIZZA, and HOUSE MADE SPAGHETTINI PASTA. The salad was fresh. The Humboldt Fog Cheese was too strong for Bryan and I. But it was a good salad.. . The homemade pasta dish had the simplest ingredients, which were tomatoes, basils, and garlic. It looked so simple that I didn't even take a picture. But the dish was amazing! The pasta was fresh and al dente. The sauce was packed with flavors. I couldn't stop eating. The meatball pizza was another surprise. The first bite was like a party in my mouth, which I didn't expect at all! There were layers of flavors, like the creamy Mozzarella, the sweet tomatoes, the fresh basil, and the tasty meatball. Everything went so well together. My husband loved the pizza absolutely.. . Even though we were a bit full, I just couldn't pass the dessert. We got the RASPBERRY CHOCOLATE CHIP SOUFFLE. Wow..... It was light, a little tart, and very chocolatey. It was the best souffle ever! That was the perfect sweet ending.. . Overall, my husband and I were very satisfied. For the two of us, our check was about $65. It wasn't expensive for a famous chef's restaurant! The food was simple. It wasn't some expensive ingredients, but everything was delicious. A simple meal can go a long way if food is cooked right. It was a very memorable meal. I couldn't wait to go back. Maybe we will try the one in Los Angeles!
The best Kobe steak my husband has ever had- period.  It was so delicious I could barely make conversation with him as he focused on eating it.  He let me try a piece and I loved it as well, I think next time I might try a steak here, however I was watching my calories.  The prices here are great too, our meal ended up being under $100, and that's pretty good for a Wolfgang Puck place.  I'd like to dock it a star for average atmosphere but after tasting the food here I can't bare to do it.
The five stars above are for 2 things: the appetizer chicken wings and the kobe burger. . . Holy. Moly. Beyond delicious, BEYOND! . . Haha, but in all seriousness the chicken wings are perfect. A delicious sauce and slight crunch, yet perfectly tender. I've been scarred for life - all other chicken wings pale in comparison.. . Now, the Kobe burger...it's like butta. Juicy, tasty, mouthwatering good. It's not very big, but it so filling. The boy and I always have to split it in two. . . The last time I was there I also got the pumpkin ravioli...I think.... Well, obviously it was forgettable and not amazing. I do recall it being good, but it might as well have tasted like cardboard alongside the wings and burger.. . I would like to say that the last time we were here the service was lacking to say the least. It wasn't particularly crowded at that time yet our server was nowhere to be found for a good 5+ minutes. Hello?! Maybe they were understaffed because I looked around and another group that had been seated nearby also had confused looks on their faces and no water or utensils in front of them. . . So, that's my two-cents. Enjoy, Yelper's!
Best meal of the weekend and it was lunch!!!. . Service was excellent.. . The potato chips with truffle oil and blue cheese were so delicious!!. . Burger was juicy and flavorful. The juice was actually running down my hand. The pickles were homemade. I stole a little horseradish aoli from my cousin and it was very good with my burger. Ceaser salad was very fresh. Potato salad was very good. I heard the roast beef panini was very tasty.. . We were all happily full and I and my cousin still half our orders left for later.. . I've been to Spago before and after this experience I have to say I'm pretty impressed with Wolfgang Puck's restaurants.
MMM! Their red snapper special incorporates delicious elements and is paired well with their potato puree. We go here when we want a casual but guaranteed satisfactory experience. The prices are reasonable and it is situated on the floor of the MGM casino so there is always plenty to see. They have a honey lemonade that makes for a great cocktail when ordered with grey goose.. . Pros: Food, price, beverages. . Cons: Since it is on the casino floor, it lacks intimacy.
The CHINOIS CHICKEN Salad is the best salad on planet Earth. Period.
Went here for lunch. We had the BBQ chicken pizza, the sausage pizza, and a turkey club. Everything was great. The service was impressive. My water glass was always full and the waiter was attentive. At the end, the waiter got a little busy and was not always there but over all everything was good.
This review is purely for the service I received trying to book a group dinner (had to cancel at the last moment). I worked with the manager Bruce and he was so nice, responsive and accommodating. Everyone else I spoke with at the restaurant was also great. I had a horrible experience trying to book another dinner for that same weekend where a restaurant was requiring a sign a contract and put down a depositfor a group of 16 and was pushing me around from person to person. I thought that was ridiculous, but Vegas requires weird things like paying for the first night of your hotel in advance, so I thought maybe this was another Vegas thing. Then I reached out to Wolfgang Puck's and got a completely different experience. The staff here is wonderful!
This place is the perfect middle ground between classy and casual dining.  And I know what you're thinking, wouldn't it be better to have it one way or another?  I always thought so, but this place changed my mind.. . It's located right on the casino floor so you get the feel of being right there in the mix (the casual).  And yet the service, menu selection, and presentation is on such a high level (the classy).  . . It's a perfect place to eat before going out at night.  It's high quality food served in an timely manner.  . . I was just there with some friends and we ordered a wide variety of dishes.  They were all so good we ended up sharing a lot with one another.  I had the pork chop, which was fantastic, and I was able to try the meatloaf and the burger, both were amazing.  . And then there was this ridiculous appetizer, the truffled potato chips, it's a must!
WOW, simply put, this was one of the best meals I've ever had.  I had the pan seared salmon.  The salmon itself was excellent, very juicy and perfectly seared.  But the surprising part was the garnishes... there was some kind of garlic butter spinach on top, and the plate was lined with a pesto sauce (can't remember what kind).  The tastiest part of the meal, however, (besides the salmon) was the creamed white corn that the salmon rested upon.  I've never liked creamed corn (from the can) but this was VERY good.  It had the consistency of Cream of Wheat, and not the nasty, slimy creamed corn you used to eat as a kid.. . Great, great food... I will definitely go back, I'd like to try one of their steaks next time I go.
Mushroom pizza = AMAZING!!!! The margarita pizza and tomato soup were also very good. The floor of the restaurant was a little slippery; i almost ate it. Might want to lay off the wax, guys.
Located on main floor of MGM Grand in Vegas.  My spouse, son and I were too tired to leave the hotel/casino, so choose to eat here.. casual dress, easy access.. . Wow, we ended up being impressed.  Nice menu, great choices, and prices reasonable.. . To start, we ordered the Pink Lady Apple- Pear- shaved Fennel- Raisin-Shropshire cheese- sherry vinaigrette salad.   It was EXCEPTIONAL!  Fabulous....   it was such a generous size that even with sharing it, we each had a very large portion.  We loved it.  I hope I can duplicate it at home, it was soooooo good.. . My son had a designer wood-fired oven pizza and declared it the best he ever had. (I think it was the Margherita, can't recall for sure).  Also the crab cakes.. yum.  Really good, not full of filler, just nice crab!. . My spouse had handmade gnocchi, and I had spaghetti and meatballs.  Both excellent.... loved it.  The meatballs melted in my mouth, sauce was perfect.. . Great service.  Nice casual atmosphere (not "flip flop sloppy" casual, but you dont need to go to too much trouble).  Convenient to MGM guests.  Wonderful place to eat!   And the price was not so bad compared to many of the other restaurants in the MGM and along the Strip.  Reasonable and very very good!
MGM Grand truly has the best restaurants!!. . We dropped in for lunch last week and had a spectacular meal.  Husband had the Reuben, which I normally hate but had a bite of and thought it was incredible, and I had the Wild Mushroom pizza, which was beyond good.  We sat at the bar, and while we find the bar tends to offer quicker service because there isn't a waiter running around, we ordered within 3 minutes of seating and had STRONG drinks in hand within 5.  (We behaved all trip, but after two drinks, this was the first real buzz I had all week.). . Fantastic food.  Strong drinks.  Excellent service.  . . Between Wolfgang's, Emeril's and other places, the MGM is THE place to go for the best food.
Taking a little break (from losing), my wife and I wanted something quick and light so we ran into Wolfgang Puck's place.. . We split a Caesar salad and a BBQ chicken pizza. The pizza was good but I have to give massive props to the Caesar salad - which was superb - probably the best Caesar I've ever had. Ever. The dressing was amazing, light and the whole thing was covered with these little crispy things (aged parmesan and toasted crostini maybe?) Delicious. Would go back just for the salad.. . The food was tasty, prices reasonable (pizza and salad $27), and the service was fast. So I could get back to losing.
Decided to eat here after an intense shopping trip up and down the strip. Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!. . Decent prices, good food. We took ours to go, since we wanted to chill in our room and get comfy while eating. Ordered the roast beef sandwich, which apparently the couple next to us was eating (and when they heard what we ordered, they said it was a good choice). It's always nice to know if the food is good!. . Portions are big! And I hope they were, because the prices were a little bit on the higher side! The roast beef sandwich tasted really good! Delicious meat, loved the horseradish spread, which wasn't too strong, and the  bread was just the right amount of crunchy. Chips were hand made, and were a little bit underseasoned, but easily fixed with a sprinkle of salt and pepper. Definitely prefer underseasoned chips/fries to overseasoned, since that is a very easy fix. . . Seriously, that sandwich was so good and filling, we had to take a nap right after eating.
Best 24 hour restaurant in Vegas. Gourmet meal at any time , I love wolfgang pucks classic to modern twist on food!
Excellent service.. . I ordered the Steamed black mussels with chorizo (a type of sausage). The serving size was HUUUGE! So many delicious mussels in a tomatoey soup that goes perfectly with the mussles. It comes with a side of fries which are also bombbb, although I was so stuffed from the mussels alone, I barely ate 1/4 of the fries :(. . Also got to taste the Grilled Flat Iron steak..... sooooo goood. How could anyone say no to delicious steak?
I think this is a great lunch spot. I recommend the chips with the blue cheese sauce and the gin cocktail with the rosemary syrup. The heirloom tomato small plate was in good form this summer, but I'm not sure if that's always available.. . The prices here are fairly decent for Vegas and it's a casual spot with a nice view of the casino for people watching.
I came here for a quick lunch after a long afternoon. I sat at the bar and ordered a mushroom, pesto and leek pizza which was fabulous. . So was the bread. . . The service was good and atmosphere was fun with a view of the MGM floor.
This place is AMAZING!!!  We first had the crab cakes and they were delicious... My meal was the organic chicken and it was delicious. The serving amount was a lot for me, but it was great. The skin was crispy and had a great flavor to it. The potatoes and vegetables were cooked great.... I really enjoyed this dish and asked the waiter how the Chef makes this perfect chicken dish. I would def go back for that dish again.
This was amazing. The food was incredible and I had one of the best lemon drop martinis I have ever had. My friend and I went here before going to the Cirque du Sole show right across from it and I could not have been happier with the service. Our waitress was so nice and attentive even though it was pretty crowded. I had the bbq chicken pizza and it was soooooo good and it was very reasonably priced.
One of the best places in Vegas I ate at . The drinks were great. the service was awesome!! and my food was amazing! The pizza my husband got was really good and the Organic Chicken was to die for! . . any place that serves Maytag blue cheese sauce is going to be a winner far as im concerned! :)
I know that my reviews are usually tl:dr, but I'm going to make this one short and sweet:. . 1) It's in MGM.... . 2) it's one of the only restaurants in MGM that's open until 2am (and maybe later...we came in for "dinner" at 2am on a Friday night and they were open and surprisingly pleasant).... . 3) The only way I could love this place more, is if they would be willing to move into my house and make that AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS "Caesar Salad" with the bib lettuce, humbolt fog cheese, and the white anchovies.  OMGZ YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . EAT HERE.  EAT HERE NOW.
This is a bar and grill, completely open and exposed to the casino, not a romantic, full of atmosphere high end restaurant.  We ate lunch here twice.  The food we had was wonderful, not cheap, cheap but good value- fresh chips with truffle sauce, some kind of ravioli- like pockets with sublime sauce, mussels, pulled pork, pizza.  Everything we had just makes me look forward to our next meal there...someday.  Good beer.  Lovely service.
This place is a bit pricey, but it was totally worth it. My friend and I spent $85 and gave the service $20 in tips. . Great service, knowledgeable servers & waiters who were willing to help us out, and they were open really late.. . We had fried calimari with their homemade pesto & basil mayonaise with their awesome Asian coleslaw as an appertizer. Best coleslaw ever!. For our entrees, we had Wood-fired mushroom pizza (vegetarian), tasted so good and they used high-quality cheese so the pizza isn't so greasy at all. We also order a Chinese salad with small won strips. It's like CPK's Thail grilled chicken salad, but man oh man, this was by far the best Asian chicken salad I've tasted. It was well-marinated, chicken cooked perfectly, and rich flavors without no salty taste to it. . . As for dessert we had Senca Green Tea & Orchid Oolong Tea, from Art of Tea. These are organic tea, and my goodness, it was very tasty & heavenly aromatic. Plus we order the banana-coffee cream pie with their house-made carmel maple syrup. Best coffee & banana cream pie I've tasted in years.. . I would so come back here again.
Delicious, fresh tasting food and attentive service. I've tried the prime burger, the spaghettini, and the caramelized brussel sprouts. Some of the best tasting food I've ever had.
Love love love this place. The food and service are excellent. Fun & inviting atmosphere.
I eat here every time I'm in vegas I love the butternut squash ravioli and the steaks are awesome...but there floor is sooooo slippery I always feel like I'm about to fall on my ass maybe I should think about not wearing 6 in heels :)
I had a great experience here!. . I ordered a sea-bass catch-of-the-day special. The tastes and textures were exquisite -- perfectly crispy on the edges -- perfectly tender throughout. Furthermore, I found the presentation and portion sizes to be very impressive.. . There's a lot of attention to detail here:. - free wifi. - delicious bread selection. ... and so on .... . There are not many places in Vegas that offer real value anymore -- this is one exception.
The most friendly & attentive staff I have ever experienced in any restaurant.. . me & my boyriend had ..... . Grilled burger & fries.... Pizza with italian sausage.... ricotta gnocchi.... . All the best......... Must try!!
When in Vegas some people focus on the gambling, others on the women, some the magic and outstanding shows...being that I am a huge foodie, it's the high end culinary offerings that get me going in Vegas.  Many of the big names have restaurants here and they are accessible.  This brings me to my dinner experience at Wolfgang Puck.  You expect the best.  It's Wolfgang Puck, it better be great.  Well, we started off with a manhattan and mojito.  The manhattan was absolutely delicious.  Our app of choice was the blue cheese truffle chips...divine!  Perfectly cooked chips with large chunks of quality blue cheese and a drizzling of truffle oil.  For our entrees I decided on the wild mushroom agnolotti, made up of peas, caramelized shallots and parmesan.  My guy went with the double cut pork chop, polenta cake, caramelized brussel sprouts with a maple-mustard glaze.  Wow, I had a bite of the pork chop and it is the best I have tasted, ever.  They cook it in a charcoal burning grill and the flavor is outstanding.  My dish was great, but that pork chop dish gave me serious food envy.  Everything on it was outstanding.  I dream about it.  The experience lived up to all my expectations and I will be going back for that pork chop the next time I am in Vegas!
The food was well-cooked and the price is reasonable considering it locates in Las Vegas hotel
Great food and wonderful service.  I had the black mussel dish, it came with a huge plate of fresh mussels baked with very flavorful sausage, bread and yummy fries on the side.  All just for $25!!  It's a such a great deal consider eating seafood in MGM !!  The service is also great and attentive.
We went twice for dinner during our 5-day stay in early April.  Both times, we were seated right away.  Our servers were very attentive.  We ordered a special appetizer with heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese.  It is similar to a caprese tomato salad.  This tomato dish was incredibly flavorful.  The tomatoes were so fresh and sweet.  Really, I could eat this every day.  It was that good.  It's the main reason we came back a second time.  I thought the price of $18 was a bit high for an appetizer, but my husband and I shared it.  We also ordered their popular spicy chicken pizza which is enough for 2 to share.  It was also made from fresh ingredients.  I would highly recommend the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill as a casual restaurant to go to in Las Vegas.
This food is AMAZING. I had the salmon, and I still fantasize about it to this day. It was a really fun restaurant with a variety of menu options and great service. I'm patiently waiting for the day when I can go back!
We booked a room here at the MGM Grand for our Anniversary/Wife's Birthday, after taking our belongings to the room we decided to give Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill a shot, mostly because of the name so here we are looking over the lunch menu and decided on the calamari for our appetizer, it was light and delicious, my wife ordered the Salmon that came with peas,carrots and potatoes which was awesome, salmon was perfectly seasoned and cooked she had a Raspberry Lemon drop Martini which she claims was really good, I ordered the "Fish of the Day" which was Striped Bass, it came with a mushroom/parsnip puree sauce with grilled veggies it was Fantastic! Our server (ROBERT) was sooo helpful and friendly, he was on top of his game.. he took care of us with some desserts due to our Special Day.
We have eaten here 3 times (staying at MGM Grand) and had a wonderful delish experience all 3 times.  pizza is good with very creative choices. Their fish - Mahi Mahi and Salmon was so fresh and cooked to perfection. The Hamburger was very good and the gourmet potato chips sooo good. We have had so many negative eating experiences in Vegas in the past 5 years, this is our new go to place. Most places are overrated, over priced and many times have made us sick. . Come here and enjoy good prices good food and good service!
Whenever I am entertaining out of town guests, this is always a must hit lunch spot, and I'm at the point now where I've count of how many times I've eaten here.  . . The service is always fantastic, I've never had to wait, and the food is consistently great, along with a number of the specialty cocktails that I've tried.  The club sandwich for lunch is incredible and one of my favorites, along with the gnocchi bolognese (thank god they made this a regular menu item, because it is truly outstanding).  Most recently, I had the chicken milanese, which was on par with the best chicken or pork milanese I've had.  . . This place is always fantastic, but I would recommend this as a lunch stop over dinner, usually because it's less crowded and a bit more laid back - the food here also tends to be on the lighter side, so it's before before you head out for a long, hot day walking in the Vegas sun.
Honestly we stopped in here because it was about the only sit down restaurant still open after the Drake concert. We wanted Craftsteak but all these high end steakhouses in Vegas close so early.. . This choice worked out great though and I would never hesitate to eat here again (at a normal time or in the middle of the night). I opted for the meatloaf and it was great. My friends ordered the pepperoni pizza and the organic chicken and they both loved their choices. . . Service was very good considering how busy it got. The focaccia bread they bring out was delicious also.
MGM. A grandiose hotel with an endless amount of restaurants to choose from. . From Wolfgang Puck, Tom Colicchio, Japanese, high end to a food court with a McD's.. . We settled at Wolfgang to kickstart our first lunch of the weekend. . I had the manila claim linguini with garlic white wine sauce. Light sauce, amazing flavor, no heavy cream added and the clams were abundant! I liked that. Craving this now.
I wish I would have found this spot earlier in my trip. I would have had all my late-night snacks (or more than a snack) here.. . We were staying at the MGM hotel and after coming back from Fremont street we decided to go back to the hotel, do some gambling and have a slow night. But first, we were hungry so I found great reviews about this place on yelp and it was on my hotel. Kaaaaching!. . We decided to go with small plates to share between two. We picked a chopped vegetable salad (cucumbers, zucchini, tomatoes, onions, peppers) that came with feta cheese, garlic croutons in a creamy greek dressing. Best salad I've ever had. It was so light and all the vegetables tasted amazingly crisp and fresh! The garlic croutons were a dream and the feta and dressing brought it all together.. . We also ordered the spicy tuna tartare with avocado, pickled ginger, cucumber, and sesame wontons. Delicioussssss!!! Beautiful fresh chopped tuna and perfectly balanced dish. . . It's hard to say which of the plates was the favorite but the truffle potato chips with the maytag blue cheese sauce were so freaking good. I can't emphasize it enough. The truffle chips are topped with a warm blue cheese sauce that elevated them to perfection.. . For dessert we had a Smore pie. Chocolate cream pie in a graham cracker crust, with toasted marshmallow and vanilla ice cream. OMG. WINNER!!!. . I wish the Wolfgang Puck here in Orlando were like this one, but it's not.
Probably the most reasonably priced place for dining at the MGM Grand. Our goto place for food at the MGM Grand.. . The staff is simply fantastic and extremely efficient and friendly. Best group of people I have met in all of Vegas. Even of the food was bad ( and it is really excellent) the staff would make it a great experience. . . Speaking of food, everything from the pizza to sandwiches to drinks were first class. We ate there every day for a week and were not disappointed with any choice. . . Once we split a Ruben and the plates came with a full helping of the side of potato salad on each plate. They also do half portions of the soups which is a great option. . . We recommend this Puck outpost without hesitation.
I live at the MGM Signature and eat here most weekdays. I've been here well over 100 times for both lunch and dinner.. . The sandwich selection is excellent. The Chicken Salad and Cuban are my favorites. The cheeseburger is fantastic as well. . Counter server Darbie provides excellent service, and manager Carrie keeps this place running like a well-oiled machined. . . Overall, great food, great service, excellent value!
I don't know why it took me so long to write a review for this place since we always end up going here after partying late night or just for a very good meal. The ambience is very casual.. Staff is always super friendly. The wine list includes my favorite Riesling (yay!) however, you will run into some obnoxious intoxicated people.. But then again, it's Vegas and they are open til 6 am. . . Do try:. -wild mushroom fettuccine in light cream sauce and truffle oil . -flat iron steak with blue cheese butter. -butter lettuce salad with white anchovies. -all their flat bread pizzas . -white or red sangria. -calamari . -caramelized Brussel sprouts. . On Vegas prices, I feel like the food should be worth more. The flavors are wonderfully non complicated with simple seasoning. Do try this place. I guarantee you will be coming back.
The salads are huge and fresh, the pizzas are hot and delicious. I loved the atmosphere and the prices are reasonable. It is possible to split a salad and pizza for a lite lunch. I'll definitely return.
HOMYGOD.. . The staff are excellent!! The hostesses were sweet as pie, and the waiters were fast, friendly, and fun.  This is a great group to have in Vegas, and I will definitely be back next time I'm there.  As a matter of fact, we loved it so much, this was the only place we really ate.  (Unless you count our liquid diet.)  ;). . The restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  I love the openness of it, with the colorful dividers.  A great way to showcase the dining room, but still let us see the casino.. . The food was so good, but the item that really sticks out to me is the corn beef sandwich on pretzel bread.  Yes you read that correctly.  It was so good!  I asked for no cole slaw, so the sandwich was corn beef, melted cheese, and spicy mustard.  ON PRETZEL BREAD.  This is one of those rare food items that I don't even care about the caloric content.  I just want to shove it in my face!  The potato salad was excellent, and the pasta salad was fresh and summery, but filling enough to soak up some of those dangerous pool drinks.. . Speaking of drinks, sample their sangria.  Strong, flavorful, and unique. . . Five delicious stars!
The best gnocchi and sausage fennel.  On top of it, the service was very nice and attentive.I would recommend this place for those visiting Vegas.
Use ur M life points here!. . We stumbled here the first day for lunch because were gambling and needed a break from all the losses. After finding out we could use our M life rewards here, we came back again the next day!  This originally wasn't on my list of places to eat, but being near the casino floor we decided to stop in for what we thought would be a mediocre but quick lunch. The waiter came by and gave us the normal spiel of what were the specials for the day, which I honestly never pay attention to. However, my boyfriend does, and he noticed that their special, NOT ON THEIR MENU, was a salmon burger with corn based slaw onions etc. . . FOOD we ordered from both visits:. SALMON BURGER - omg. AMAZING. this is OFF THE MENU so if you're coming here and you love salmon as much as i do and love corn as much as i do, make sureyou ask for this. I've had salmon burgers elsewhere that i thought were great, but this is amazing!! I'm so glad that our waiter came by and mentioned that it was off the menu. If i weren't coming back to try the other recommended items from yelpers the second day, i would've ordered it again. . . TRUFFLED POTATO CHIPS with MAYTAG BLUE CHEESE - ordered this per yelper's recommendations. SO YUMS!!! the potato chips were not thin but not super thick, made just the right width with the right crunchiness. I love truffle oil and I love it when its used right. You could definitely taste the truffle oil on the chips. It's not overpowering. I'm also generally not a big fan of blue cheese on anything else but my salads, but there wasn't enough. Plus you can always brush it off when you're eating the potato chip, it doesn't leave a residue taste on the chip either.. . CRAB CAKES - ordered this per yelpers recommendations as well. they come out in 4 or 5 what looks like tiny crab cakes, but they are made exquisitely and I have to say even being located in desert nevada, these crab cakes were fresh and delicious! I hate it when people put in so many crumbs it takes away from the crab stuffing or the crab flavour. That wasn't the case at all. It wasn't an overpowering crab taste either. I highly recommend ordering these! . . REUBEN SANDWICH - My boyfriend ordered this. I'm not a huge fan of Reuben's but he said it was ok. He asked for no cheese on his reuben, but it came out with cheese anyway. The one good thing about this was he asked for a substitute of a salad for his french fries, and the salad that came out was fresh and delicious!. . SPICY TUNA TARTARE - this was a good order. I tried a few other tuna tartare's that week in vegas and this was definitely the best one that I tried. I liked the wonton's that came with it too. the chip was thick and crunchy. . . BBQ PORK SPARE RIBS - Ordered this bc we had M life points to spend (WUT WUT in the MGM). They were made well, but being from the south I've definitely tasted better ribs. but since these were comped ribs, I have no complaints. hahaha.. . SPICY SOPRESSATA PIZZA - my boyfriend ordered this as well. I'm not a fan of spicy things on my pizza but he was A BIG FAN OF THIS PIZZA. He highly highly recommends it. . . Didn't have room during either visit for dessert but nothing on the menu super caught my eye. . . ATMOSPHERE/DECOR: i loved the decor! it was spacious and light, with enough ambiance to create a non-casino feel. It had an open view of the casino games around us, but also enough baracades (these round wooden bigger than life wreath type things) to close you in on your eating and dining experience. It does get a lil loud but not loud enough for you to yell to your eating mates. . . SERVICE - service was great. The waiters were always attentive but not hovering, and they always made sure that we had water in our cups (which we needed since we came in the middle of scorching hot 120 degree July). I also liked that they sent things out as they were ready, not "when they're supposed to come out." Really liked that about the place. . . I love this place. It's incredibly REASONABLY PRICED, even if you don't use your comp points here. I loved the casualness yet classy feel of the place. Definitely HIGHLY RECOMMENDED if you're in the area, or if you just wanna stop by for a quick lunch. Its a good break from all the smoking as well. Huge props to wolfgang and chef Scott Irestone for the amazing work they did here!
Great service and excellent food. . . Our server Sara was really attentive and friendly. She went above & beyond our expectations. . . I had the meatloaf with mixed veggies and mashed potatoes. The onion rings were very delicious! This is an excellent establishment because it's located right in the center of the MGM Grand and has reasonable prices. Wolfgang Puck rocks! Will definitely come back on my next trip to Las Vegas.
We had the garlic chilli wings & 4 cheese ravioli ... Both yummy!!!
my wife and I went here for dinner. you can not go wrong with their food! its very tasty . very nice waiter but the food are expensive. if you have a date or celebrating an occasion this is a good place.
This place is great. IT's open REALLY late. If your looking for somewhere to eat that's open late and note fast food this is it. When I asked they said they were open until 6am which is awesome. We went here for dinner before we went out and had pizza, wings, and a bottle of wine. the wings were amazing. They has a spicy sweet and sour sauce on them. The service was great our waiter was very diligent in coming by and pouring our wine whenever we were getting low even though he had many other tables. If your close to MGM and need a place to eat I would recommend here.
Awesome restaurant, great food friendly staff and group of 6 were seated timely. Pizzas and truffled potato chips with blue cheese were heavenly!!  This was actually our cheapest group meal, we split most meals bc it's was large servings
There are so many choices when dining in Vegas, but we also seem to come back here. This was our third time dining at this incredible restaurant. And, here's why - plain and simple - Great food even better service. A special thank you to Robert (and the entire staff) for being a great server and making us feel like the only ones in the packed restaurant. Started with a bottle of Wolf Gang Puck wine, then moved on to the antipasti plate, moved on to the mussels, and then a surprise dessert to celebrate our 9th anniversary. Thank you so much for such a great experience- and we will be back!!
When someone in our group suggested a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, I was worried that it would cost an arm and a leg. But on the website, it said the average tab per person is $31 to $50. That didn't sound too crazy, so I said OK.. . We had a group of about 12 and made a reservation in advance. Our table was ready to go when we got there. It's a beautiful restaurant. Lots of warm reds and yellows. Low lighting. Very intimate. . . My husband and I split a bottle of the house Cabernet, which was good. Then for an appetizer, we got the bruschetta with heirloom tomatoes. It was great! So fresh. Highly recommend!. . For an entree, I ordered the Grilled Pacific Salmon with bacon, potatoes, baby vegetables and some kind of mustard sauce. Wow! Such great flavor! There was not a morsel of food left on my plate. Not a morsel! My husband had the Organic Chicken, and he said that was good too. . . The service was great. Our waitress was very attentive and helpful. Even the bus boy was great with taking away plates. . . I had a really good experience here, and I felt like the food was priced right and was a good value. Check it out if you happen to be near the MGM.
A must eat place every time we are in Vegas. I've tried several dishes & am convinced they couldn't mess it up if they tried. The enviroment is lacking since it not closed off to the casino but the food makes up for it! !
These people at Wolfgang Puck really can read minds. They know when to be at your table. Awesome service, awesome food
Incredible.  . . Yeah the portions are smaller than most restaurants (who overfeed us anyway) but it is WORTH it.  My husband got the four cheese ravioli with meatballs and I ordered the White corn agnolotti with lobster and it was so delicious and unlike anything I had tasted before.  They were a delicate pasta with a hint of corn and truffles with tender pieces of lobster that melt in your mouth.  . . Absolutely mouth watering.  The bread the waiter brought was delightful, with an assortment of what I believe was French bread, sour dough, and a unique and tangy olive bread.  . . Not to mention the alluring atmosphere of a French street paired with "street" performers in the form of a flutist and violinist.  Very romantic and classy.. . Wolfgang puck lives up to his hype with this winner of a restaurant.
Everything was great. The drinks, food and service were all perfect, and the cost wasn't too high. Highly recommended!
I had a great lunch here Monday! The service was friendly, the food was perfect and the atmosphere was fun. I had the Reuben sandwich with potato salad. The meat was flavorful and the potato salad was light and tasty. I especially liked the ginger-lime iced tea.
Great food and decent prices!  Go for the pork belly BLT-it rocks!  Also, tried the homemade potato chips with gorg cheese this time and it was awesome.  Although I love gorg cheese and there is a lot. Big portion too!  My boyfriend couldn't stop raving about the pork belly.  Bartender was pretty friendly once we got him talking, didn't seem too into his job though.
I absolutely LOVE this restaurant.  It's not fancy, but the food is A+.  I come to Vegas every year and EVERY year we make it a point to go to Wolfgang Puck.  The service is superb, the waiters accomodate any requests.  I usually split a salad, and they are happy to give us two plates.  . There is nothing at all that I could criticize with this place.  A MUST visit if you're in or near MGM, you won't be disappointed.
After playing craps for a few hours and into the morning hours, I found myself starving around 1am and went into the Wolfgang Puck restaurant at the hotel. I will admit I was drinking while playing craps so my memory of the discussion with the waiter may be a bit skewed but I do remember him telling me what were the best gluten free menu items.. . They did not have a gluten free menu but the waiter was able to tell me what items were safe.. . I settled on the flank steak and mashed potatoes. I gotta say the flank steak was delicious. Cooked to a medium perfection that I love and flavored extremely well, I remember enjoying every bite of this dish. I cleaned my plate for sure.. . Unfortunately, I don't remember the whole visit at the restaurant and do not remember if I asked the normal questions to our waiter but I felt fine after the visit and didn't have any sickness problems after dining at Wolfgang Puck.
Where can you get delicious gourmet food after 2 am on the strip? You'd think it's easy, but hey, most restaurants close. This place serves some very tasty albeit pretty pricey food at hours that no one can really complain about.. . The burger here is still the best I've ever had - albeit I'll admit that it's a combination of timing and taste. The steak sandwich is ridiculously delicious as well. And Wolfgang has never disappointed with their pizza either.. . I was going to rate it 4 stars because it's pricey, but realistically, what else do you expect out of a restaurant inside of a decent casino? Convenience has its price.
We went here the next day and the same to report.  Consistent quality and a good price.
One of my must-go-to places when I'm in vegas.. . Loves: . - Flat iron steak. - Rib eye. - Chinois salad
Ended up here while looking for a diner type place at the MGM casino. Liked the "bar food" variety on their menu so decided to give it a shot even though most entrees were priced at around $25, pizzas around $15 so not too bad. It's fenced off but open to the casino, which is nice. It was an upscale-casual vibe (if that's possible). The service was impeccable! Truly. Meatball pizza as an app was delicious and I've had some serious pizza in Chi-town and NYC. It took about 15 minutes to get the pizza, which we expected, but as soon as it came out the manager came right up to us, apologized for the delay on our pizza, and immediately told us that they would be buying us dessert (we were a group of 4). Not one of us knew what delay he spoke of, we just sort of froze at the mention of free dessert, which i'm not a big sweets person, but free is free. I had the steak skewers...UH-Amazing taste and texture. The garlic chili wings were good, but they seemed more teriyaki glazed to me. The truffle potato chips were great for blue cheese lovers. The short rib was fantastic as was the flat iron steak with fries. Oh, the fries were incredible. Hot and crispy, and stayed like that for a while. We decided to share two desserts in case they were too big. We were super stuffed because we had already ordered all of our food before we knew we would be getting the free dessert. We chose the banana banouffee(?) and the pineapple upsidedown dessert, both were topped wtih homemade ice creams and syrups. Believe me when I say that these desserts were the most amazing creations to ever hit my tounge. They were just beyond description! Yes, both of them! I've had so-called good desserts before at places like Ferrara's and Serendipity in NYC before, but those places were just generic, processed, super market ice cream compared to Wolfgang's creations. They really were unbelieveable. I cannot wait to go back to this place, and the great thing is that it stays open til about 6am I think! We paid about $200 for 4 people.
Wolfgang Puck's Bar & Grill im MGM ist die Adresse fur alle Late Night Esser im sudlichen Teil des Strips. Auch in Las Vegas machen die meisten Etablissements um 0 Uhr Nachts die Schotten dicht, wer bis dahin nichts gegessen hat sollte Wolfgang Puck's Bar & Grill ins Auge fassen, aber auch generell ist dieses Restaurant absolut zu empfehlen. Die Preise reichen hier von moderaten $17 fur den, meiner Meinung nach, besten Burger am Strip bis zu knapp $50 fur ein exquisites Blauschimmelkase Steak. Auch die angebotenen Pizzen sahen sehr gut aus und waren bei den Gasten auerst beliebt.. Das Personal ist sehr freundlich und die Atmosphare sucht ihresgleichen. Das Design ist offen gehalten, wirkt freundlich und modern und fugt sich gegenuber dem KA-Theatre perfekt ins Casino!
I have to say, there are two items on this menu that come to mind.. . Number one, the spaghetti and meatballs.  Four meatballs, and a nice portion of al dente spaghetti (Not a huge plate, but not a little tiny amount like some of the restaurants on the strip).  I'm not gonna lie, the dish is very comforting.  It's rare to find dishes like this at hoity toity (sp?) strip restaurants.. . Number two, the octopus salad.  The dressing is some sort of lime and chili concoction I believe.  Delicious well thought out appetizer.  . . Good food if you are near crystals, you can get a decent meal and leave feeling full.  I like that!
Never have had a bad meal here. everytime we come we get truffle chips & the prime rib burger with vermont  cheese both delicious. service has always been great.
Best Chicken Salad Sandwich!!
Stopped by here late night to get take out. I was starving but wanted to get straight to bed. Ordered the burger medium and it was fantastic. Thick patty, garlic aioli, and melted cheese (not sure what kind). And, the fries were perfect. Once the staff realized we had just gotten married (hence the wedding dress) they tossed in free dessert. The oatmeal cookies were some of the best I've ever had. Not a cheap late night eat, but well worth it!
Amazing food at reasonable prices
Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill's are hands down the most dependable "fancy" places to eat in a pinch.  Most of whats on the menu is familiar (and I mean that in a good way) and done to perfection.  Had the best cesar salad of my life here.  Quality whole sardines, a beautiful bleu cheese generously crumbled on top and perfect dressing.
So delicious!. . After being told there was an hour wait, we were pleasantly surprised to be seated after only 15 minutes. The staff is very friendly, and the restaurant is beautiful. Cocktails are overpriced, but what do you expect in Vegas?. . We had the truffle potato chips with blue cheese sauce. It was very rich, unusual, and delicious. If you like blue cheese, I highly recommend trying these.. . My husband had the grilled steak skewers as an entree, while I had the organic chicken. The steak was tender, flavored well, and the coleslaw was fresh and tasty. The organic chicken was beautiful, not just in presentation but also in terms of taste. The mashed potatoes and vegetables were the perfect match but the crispy, light chicken.. . Overall, we had a great experience and I would definitely go back.
I have to say this is one of the best meals we have ever had. Our party of 6 was seated quickly.... in the private wine room to our surprise. We had a water waiter, a bread waiter and a waiter to take our order. Service was OUTSTANDING! My salmon was perfect and my husbands pizza was great! We had to try the mac and cheese ...we shared it with the whole group! Everyone was impressed with the meal. Best thing about it was we spent 3 hours visiting laughing and enjoying our meal and not once did we feel like we were being pressured to leave so they could flip the table. It was a 290.00 meal and that included the required tip. Worth every penny!!
Two late nite breakfasts that were excellent. Great service and great food.
Great service great food.
We were going to stop at Shibuya but it wasn't open till 5pm and we didn't want to wait another hour. Obviously a Wolfgang Puck establishment seemed like a good alternative. An excellent choice. Very rustic style inside which makes you feel quite comfortable and cozy regardless of your attire (now don't go wife-beater, mullet, croc crazy on me). . . I ordered the steak skewere and they were well seasoned and tasty. The creamy slaw underneath was extremely fresh and delicious. My lady had the grilled salmon and she said it was the best meal she had in Vegas - I think that says it all as we stopped at a lot of great places during out trip. Definitely worth checking out if you are in the MGM Grand!
Hands down the best meal we had in Vegas.  . . My wife had the Wild Mushroom Agnolotti w/ Sweet Peas.  She couldn't stop raving about the dish.  I had the Linguini w/ Manila Clams.  Loaded w/ garlic and chunks of pancetta with a little chili for kick.  Delicious!. . Service was exemplary.  My wife raised her hand during our conversation and the manager came over to see if she needed anything.  That's service.. . Love the space IF you are seated in the right direction.  Only negative is that some sight lines look right out on the casino floor.  When I dine, I'd rather have a break from the slot machines.. . I highly recommend the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill at the MGM Grand.  We'll definitely go back.
We walked all the way from The Palazzo.  We saw MGM, it was right there, apparently several MILES away.  Walking was a bad idea butcertainly built up our appetite.. . We had lobster cakes, superbly presented and tasted just as good as it looked.. Then we had a pizza with meat, lots and lots of meat!. So good, just the right amount of toppings - not sparse at all!. . We really enjoyed our lunch here, although pricey for lunch, it is Wolfgang's spot.. . The service was excellent!  Our server even offered to take a picture of us and filled our empty water bottles with fresh water.. . Would definitely go back!
The Pizza's are amazing! The waitress who served us was brilliant, I was their 12th April or maybe 13th, who knows it, it's Vegas, easy to get lost, she was constantly on the go, fast paced, very friendly and helpful. Didn't catch her name, but she was of Asian dissent, maybe Japanese parent/s, not sure and apologies if i'm wrong but if you get her then your in for some brilliant service, plus she was gorgeous!
Just before heading to Cirque du Soleil Ka.. . We were excited to finally taste his food. The famous Wolgang Puck! The guy's name alone is awesome. IMO, it was the best meal of our trip so far. Here is what we ordered:. . 1. Spicy Tuna Tartare, Avocado, Pickled Ginger, Cucumber, Crisp Sesame Wontons. . 2. Truffled Potato Chips, Maytag Blue Cheese Sauce. . 3. Agnolotti with Asparagus, Smoked Ham, Fresh Ricotta and Parmesan. . 4. Fish of the day (halibut) with sweet corn puree, blue crab and lobster cause americaine.. . Everything was amazing and the service was super good.  The only shortfall is that it's a bit loud because it's located on the casino floor. But the food was so food you really don't notice it too much.
My Fiance and I love this place!!! We've been here so many different times and love how unique the dishes are. I recently had the spring pea tortellini and loved it. It was definitely different and light. Definitely worth eating here if you've never been. PLus their open till 6 am
I visit this Wolfgang Puck everytime I come to Las Vegas (whish is about 5-10 times a year).  I have been to otherWolfgang at different city and this one is the best.  Their Chinese Chicken Salad is the best.  Sandwich is also great.  This is one of my favorite place for lunch in Las Vegas.
Thanks again Yelpers. I wouldn't have tried a celebrity restaurant inside a casino but SO glad I did. We had outstanding service - not distracting but never lacked for anything, plus friendly. Our table ordered a salad, a burger & fries and a pizza. All were flavorful & delicious and generous portions.  A good price & a fun place, good people watching too.
I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. EVERYTHING was good!!! Even the water was the best water we had ever tasted which sounds crazy but true. I would definitely dine here again.
Blood orange mojito, Blue cheese truffle potato chips, chopped salad and the pizza was excellent!! But....by any means necessary get the chocolate beignets for desert....OMG! Awesome!!!!!
Great place and enjoy the modern look of the place. We placed reservations and were sat as soon as we got there. . . My order:. Truffled Potato Chips. Roasted Chicken Pizza. White Sauvignon Blanc. . The Truffled Potato chips were amazing. Covered in chunks of bleu cheese and warm bleu cheese dressing they were prepared perfectly. I'd go here again just to have these!. . The Roasted Chicken pizza was great. The chicken was moist and the corn on the pizza was something you don't see every day. It reminded me of a BBQ chicken pizza/Mexican Pizza. You should definitely try one of the pizzas here and there is another one I want to try when I come back here next.. . Our waiter was great! He had knowledge of the menu and was just overall great! Cups never empty and he checked regularly on us.. . Portions were nice size didn't leave room for dessert this time around. Maybe next time I will!!. . You should definitely check this place out and it's next to the theatre where you can see the show KA.
This was one of the best meals I have had in a long time.  The service was fantastic and the food was to die for. . . Started with the truffle potato chips and the soup of the day which was chicken tortilla.   The soup was very good. Great cumin and corn taste.  Couldn't stop eating it.  The potato chips were close to the best dish of the night.  The potato chips were fried to perfection.  The MayTag blue cheese sauce was awesome along with the MayTag crumbles.  The truffle oil tied it all together.  . . The wife ordered the pea tortellini with a white wine butter sauce, pea shoots and English peas.  It was pea-riffic.  The stuffing in the tortellini was so good.  So sweet and rich.  The sauce was the same way.  She licked the plate.  I ordered the ricotta gnocchi bolognese.  Best gnocchi I have ever had.  So soft and delicious.  Was not pasty.  The sausage bolognese was spot on.  Great tomato sauce with a mild Italian sausage.  I could eat two portions.  . . We finished with the chocolate souffle.  It was worth the 20 minute wait.  So airy and delicious chocolate.  Served with chocolate sauce, whipped cream and vanilla bean ice cream.  The server tops it with all of that and then you dig in.  Delicious!!!. . Will return over and over.
This is a smoke-free island paradise in the middle of tobacco infused casino mayhem. The manager has this place running like a Swiss watch. The prices are quite reasonable, given the quality of the food and service.
We met with my cousin's uncle here for lunch. We had chips with a creamy looking sauce over it, and we also had a pizza with different types of meats on it with cheese and jalepenos topping it. The pricing was expensive. The waiters were very attentive and always refilled our water without us having to ask. Great service and great food! I'll return on my next visit to Vegas!
This place is amazing.  We were short on time due to having tickets to see David Copperfield. So we asked before we were seated if there was anyway to get out in less than an hour. We were told the salads, spaghetti or the lasagna were ready in a very short time and boy were they! In less time than it usually takes to get a drink, our food was served. The waitress was very attentive without hoovering. And the food was very good.Would definately return
The bomb!!! Great service, even at 3 am! Lol bobby and Brandon were our waiters and they were amazing!!! I got the spicy Italian pizza, so I remember, all 3 x we went! Cuz it's that's amazing!!! Sober or intoxicated, it's great!!! Great price too!
We got into Vegas pretty late and hadn't eaten all day. We decided to have a quick bite to eat due to their late night menu. The line was long, but we got seated rather quickly. We ordered the Truffled Potato Chips and Roasted Chicken BBQ Pizza. Both of them are very flavorful; you could taste each ingredient. They were great! We also had a really friendly waiter, his name was Raymond. I didn't know what to expect, but now I know if we're hungry while staying at MGM, we're coming back here!
One of the best dinners I've had on the strip!! Truffle chips are amazing one of the most delicious foods I've ever had. Had a burger and by far the best burger I've had. So yummy. My friend had the steak skewers and they were tasty too. Highly recommend this place.
We stayed at the MGM, since all of our friends decided to all stay there.  Service here is top notch.  Our server was fun and very helpful.  It was my boyfriend's birthday and we didn't even tell the server, but from our conversation he was able to tell who birthday it was and sent out a birthday treat.  So sweet of him.  Everything we ordered was so great.  I would definitely come back.  My girlfriend and I came in on Sunday morning to Tuesday and we ate here.  My boyfriend was here since Friday and went here twice, since it was so good.  . . One dislike is on Sunday night, you can't really make reservation which was very frustrating.  It didn't take us that long to find a table, but what if we had to wait a long time, I would had been unhappy. lol
We have been here multiple times, and it never disappoints. Favorites: gnocchi, Mac and cheese (seriously), and the heirloom tomato salad. Out of all the puck restaurants in Vegas, this one is the best. Consistently good food and a good value.  The puck wines are always a good choice too.
We stayed at the MGM grand for 4 days and fortunately ate here the first day. It was so delicious that we kept coming back over the next few days. The food is excellent! The ingredients are very fresh. This is the only restaurant we found where the food was actually healthy! The service was fantastic each time we dined. They were there when you needed, but not too much. One day we had a party of 18 and they handled it impeccably. I've been managing restaurants for years so I have very high standards. You should dine here as much as possible!!
After walking all the way down to Mandalay Bay late one night we looked for a non-fast food place close to our hotel (Monte Carlo) with at least average reviews. We luckily saw Wolfgang Puck Express was open late and inside the MGM, so very close. The restaurant is open to casino, and this particular casino smells heavily of air freshener. I know they don't want it to smell bad or like smoke, but I think they got a little to happy with the air freshener spray, lol.. . At 2:00am there were hardly any other guests here so we were easily able to get the servers attention when we needed anything. I must say, service here was superb. Much to our surprise because it was 2:00am!! The staff is very friendly and accommodating to the guests. They really know how to make you feel welcome and that they are there to serve you. . . I order the Chicken Salad Sandwich. The sandwich is served in what seemed like cinnamon raisin bread with a salad on the side. The salad certainly tasted fresh/clean. The sandwich was a little different tasting at first, but after a few tastes I quickly hooked. I guess I wasn't expecting the bread to be somewhat sweet. There are also grapes inside the sandwich. So a lot of flavors here that took me a few bites to get used to. But in the end I loved the dish, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone dining here.. . Excellent food, attentive and friendly service. Great experience!!
Love this place! great service and really good food
Personally while i favor Spago because i always stay at Caesars, and love sitting at the BAR, the menu at his outpost at MGM is his biggest and his best.  My experience with celebrity chefs is that their restaurants either suck or are over rated.  Not Puck. He keeps it simple using highest quality ingredients.  There isnt a better salad maker on the strip that Puck.  The Chopped vegetable salad here with the shaved feta is amazing and his Chinois Chicken Salads with the cashews and kick of ginger may be the best salad anywhere.  While ive never been a fan of the wood or brick oven style pie, Puck makes a very mean Pizza.  Im a pizzeria owner in Chicago, and my standards are ultra high.  Puck's pizzas meet that standard.  Order them well done, ez cheese, and you will taste the quality of the ingredients.  His burger is as good as any at The Burger Bar and his sandwiches for lunch are true gems.  I wish this place was closer to where we stayed as we'd hit up harcore especially given its casino floor location and late hours.  As for price, i disagree with people who say its high.  You're eating Wolfgang Puck cuisine on the floor of the MGM Grand.  2 people can have a great dinner her with 2 drinks and tip for $100.  That is value if you know any better. We received great service from Tom K on our last trip.
Not a better late night or early morning 4 am place to eat! they win! The French style omelet was out of this world!
I will be craving the blue cheese chips until the next time I go. The steak was amazing too. Great service. A definite stop.
Wow! Great place. Glad I discovered it. Especially since it's open very late. . . First time took the homemade pasta and meatballs. Was one if the best I've had. Second time we took the half free range chicken and the burger. . Chicken was cooked to perfection, and the puree of potatoes were just as good. The burger was huge and came with way more fries than I knew what to do with. . . For dessert, took the chocolate souffle. One of the best. Came with homemade vanilla ice cream, Chocolate ganache and whipped cream. . . Definitely coming back here.
I really can't complain. We stopped in here after seeing Ka Cirque (they are right next to each other), and this was the perfect ending to our last night in Vegas. I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE. . . First of all, they are open until 6am, which was great because most of the "classier" places in Vegas close at 11pm. Which, really, in Las Vegas? So we were very pleased to have good food after midnight.. . It's a fine dining experience with a casual spin. I saw people in jeans with their beers from outside bars, as well as suits and ties. The hostess pulled my chair out for me, and the server was spot on with timing. . . We got the soup of the day "Split Pea," it was yum. Also the mushroom pizza. Holy S. To die for. It had leeks, brocollini, fresh thyme and loads of salty tallegio. I tasted a hint of sweet over all the savory goodness and the server said they use a bit of honey in their dough - yep, that's it. SO GOOD. . . I love love love this place. And honestly, it was one of the smaller dining bills we had in Vegas and probably the best food. GO HERE.
Had Avery good experience here.i was looking or something that was somewhat casual but good. The truffled potato chips with blue cheese was to die for. I wasn't expecting to like them as much as I did. The pizza was excellent as well. The portion was more than I could eat alone or should eat alone.  If you like a thin crust pizza that has great flavor don't miss this one.
We went there with 45 mins exactly before our KA show started. We asked the lady at the desk if we would be able to get food in that time span, and she recommended any non-grilled items. We were swiftly sat and the server was right with us to order drinks. The lady had told him we were in a rush as he was super attentive, going out of his way to rush our order. By the time we were fed and out the door, we still had 15 mins to spare before the show!! Very impressed with the service, the food (gnocchi and lasagna) were excellent and overall experience was perfect :)
I've always thought this place was going to be average like a P.F. Changs or Yan Can Cook. What a surprise that it wasn't! My girls and I were starving after Hakkasan. Luckily enough we made some friends who fed us :) this placeis open practically all day long so it was perfect to dine here right after we partied the night away.. . The menu had really good options. I would've expected the prices to be much more extreme but it wasn't! My gf and I shared the Pork Belly BLT. Honestly best BLT of my life. Forget the bacon because pork belly is a much better substitute. And the pork belly was a pretty thick slice in my sandwich! I love pork belly and get so annoyed when the slice is so thin where I can't even taste anything. So for the price point and the amount of meat I got... YES to this place! . . The fries were addicting too! My other gf got the burger and the meat patty was super juicy! I liked how I could really taste the sharp cheese melted all over the burger. Yum! I'd come here again !
I had lunch here yesterday.  Started with the truffled blue cheese potato chips which were very good, but a little heavy on the sauce.  Flavor was insane though.  Had a meatball pizza as the entree.  So good, just the right amount of cheese and the tomatoes had a the best ripe flavor.  This place is awesome and the service is top notch
I came here with a girlfriend of mine about a year ago, and I still haven't forgotten the delicious truffle potato chips or the crab cakes. First of all, I'm from Maryland, so this girl KNOWS a good crab cake. Let me tell you: this place makes a damn good crab cake. Three little ones with basil aioli...I'm salivating just thinking about them. I highly recommend you give this place 40 minutes of your trip. It's phenom-om-nom-nom-nominal.
Went here with my Mom after Ka show. We asked to be seated in the tables right when you come in (best spot to people watch) and in Vegas... that's never boring! . I have to say we were very pleasantly surprised as to how good the food was. . The Blue Cheese  Potato Chips were out of this world! ($13 I think) then we both had a glass of reasonably priced Malbec and Lasagna ($20 or so) for both (which is delicious) made with Bechamel, as my mom does! . We didn't want to spend more at L'atelier, and didn't want to do the ghetto Buffet :) . so this was a great and tasty option with free show (people watch) It's amazing how people go dressed in Vegas LOL. Portions were very good as was the service. . For sure will be back, especially for the Blue Cheese Potato Chips!
I've been an MGM Las Vegas visitor since 1998 and the Wolfgang Puck restaurant located in the MGM grand is amazing! The price point is spot on and the food delicious! Our waiter Jeremy was amazing he sound like a radio personality lol and went beyond his tour of duty to make or lunch experience great! Ask for Jeremy :)
Can't say enough good things about this dining experience, beginning with the staff that made sure we were comfortable and they exceeded our expectations. Melissa was our server and was FANTASTIC! She knew the menu well and helped us with our choices. We were very crabby upon arrival as we had just flown in from other parts of the country and had problems connecting at the airport; tired and just anxious to get checked into the hotel, settled and have something good to eat. The minute we entered this restaurant, everything changed for the better! The staff could not do enough to please. I had the chopped salad that was to die for. It was as if they had just gone out into the garden and picked the fresh butter lettuce and other mix. The presentation was lovely. The dressing was spectacular and the portion was oversized! Others in our party had the wedge salad and were equally pleased with freshness, portions and flavors. We shared a gourmet pizza that was the perfect size, picture perfect and the flavors were amazing! The crust was delicious! If you like espresso, you must try theirs! I have never had an espresso experience like this. We all walked out of that restaurant refreshed, full and very, very happy! Great food, great service. Great for people watching. Highly recommend this restaurant and I can't wait to visit again!
Incredible food which is better than a lot of 5-star restaurants.  I haven't seen detail to service and detail in the food in years.  We ate here three nights in a row.  Roasted half chicken was the best I've ever had.  Salads are awesome.  And to boot, you won't spend a ton of money here.  Never a bad call...I can't wait to go back.  Every dish they serve is excellent!
This is an update on how delicious this restaurant is. Went last night and if course had a delicious cheese burger. The best burger. Mm so yummy. Our waiter was so great. Probably one of the best servers I've ever had. They were so on top of our beverages and anything we needed. Great service. I'm just in love with this place. The food is always so tasty and the service is always great too.
great restaurant for big groups with different tastes. there is something for everyone.  The Lasagna is Italian perfection. Staff is friendly and I thought the pricing was reasonable.  Will go again
