My review is based upon the casino action here and the aesthetics of the surroundings both in and out of the casino.  Let me start off by saying that I absolutely love this casino for it's beauty both inside and out.  It is my favorite casino in all of Las Vegas and the decor is unsurpassed.  I love the Eiffel Tower outside and it should be your beacon to finding this incredible casino on the strip.  . . The outside of this casino is amazing from the tower to the beautiful balloon shaped neon sign proclaiming "Paris" that illuminates the area.  It's really easy to find this place but it is hard to stay away.  I actually stayed at the Circus Circus but walked all the way down here nightly because I loved the casino so much.  The inside of the casino is very open and the ceiling murals really are the best in town, you'll feel like you're outside on a gorgeous day even though it might be raining cats & dogs outside and gloomy.  . . But the real show stopper here is the slots.  They have the loosest slots on the strip, and I won here every time I went.  Between here and the Luxor I was able to win back more than half of my entire trip.  I ate well on my trip too so I'm not kidding when I say I won good here at the Paris.  I stuck to the same slot machine next to the entrance and just kept hitting $200 payouts continuously.  The waitresses were spot on with their service and were always ready to service me and get me new beverages etc., they even spent time talking to me and really giving me a good smiling face and being genuine people.  Not just a typical robot waiter you might find at other casinos.  Great management and customer service, on top of the most unique decor around make this my top pick for best casino experience in Las Vegas.. . I tried so many casinos and really, this is the place I went out of my to go to time and time again.  Loose slots, great decor, excellent customer service.  I will definitely be coming back on every trip.
So romantic at night at the top of the Eiffel Tower.  Husband proposed to me there.  Has great food (excellent French toast in a little bistro there across from the Paris buffet). It's easy to get to if you're using the monorail (since it's one of the stops).  Definitely a place I'd recommend.
I stayed at the Paris last November. It was very comfortable and clean. The rooms are adequately modern and well appointed. The people that work at registration are very friendly, They really made me feel at home. The servers in the casino were friendly and efficient. I did not have any negative experience there. Not even one minor complaint! Way to go Paris Crew!
We stayed here and the hotel is very pretty vey nice the ambience!. What I also and like walking right though to the Bally Hotel because they are connected through walk way!
Get the Eiffle Tower shaped Yard in strawberry- if you're nice to the bartender, he will make yours with real strawberry puree and lime juice- not that pre-made crap. . . PS. This really does look like Paris.
My friend and I stood here for a couple of nights and it was a great experience no doubt about it. The restrooms were kept clean, the room was cleaned up, and we had a great view of the strip. We could see the Bellagio's water show, as well as the Effiel Tower that they had there. In essence, I am not saying this because we had a great view, but overall the hotel's ambiance and service was great. It was peaceful and just plain great.
I have stayed at several hotels on the Las Vegas strip, and the Paris was by far the best hotel in the bunch.  What they do so well is really run with the theme of a getaway to Paris.  It was hard not to reflect on my travels to the real Paris during my stay here.  They have a beautiful pool that lies before a mock replica of the Eiffel Tower for example.  Sitting on the other side of the pool, you have a view of a fairly grand, French-style hotel.  The styling continues indoors, with all the signs being bilingual, and the accents decidedly Gaullist.  Many of the staff are French including at the gaming tables, and the several restaurants and cafes in the hotel are primarily French.  Seriously, that was quite the treat!  I was able to get a freshly baked, hot baguette, good French roast coffee, and really any French dish you can think of:  pate, roti, escargots, pain perdue, pain au chocolat, cassoulet, etc -- and they were all prepared in the French way!  The room was beautiful and a touch elegant.  I loved the marble floor in the bathroom, the separation of bath and shower, the Gilchrist and Soames toiletries, and the plush bed.  Security was decidedly lax too, making me feel like a proper guest rather than an intruder.  The concierge was always very helpful too.  . . Were there any downsides to staying here?  Well, they don't have a resort fee.  That sounds like a good thing until you realize that means you have to pay for your internet access which is billed not per room, but rather per laptop -- ouch!  Also, if you want to use their rather nice fitness center, that will be $25 extra per day.  I would rather just pay the resort fee and take those things for granted.  Oh, well.  That really is the only thing I can complain about though.  The hotel is beautiful, and I really loved spending my time here.
Reason why I gave 5 stars...... . 1. Location, location, location.. 2. Price (not too cheap but not expensive). 3. Fancy room (not luxurious but cute). 4. Shower/tub separated. 5. So close to the strip from the room.. 6. Not a huge property.. 7. Water fountain from the room.(Bellagio side). . If you walk around on the strip, this hotel is so convenience!. If you love a newer or contemporary room and not walk around, stay at cosmopolitan, Aria, Mandarin Oriental or Wynn/Encore.
Love this property. Love the tackiness, love the Faux Paris. Love it. . . Love, love love love it.
My first time staying at Paris hotel ( 95% of the time before was the hard rock hotel). . I usually go to Vegas at least 20-25 times a year ( love to party, gamble, eat, and chill), and I found this hidden gem.. . The hotel is in the middle of everything, decent hotel room prices, awesome decor(felt like I was at Disneyland), clean, and friendly staff. . . I will be making more frequent stops at this hotel!
I really enjoyed the Paris hotel in Las Vegas. I've stayed at a few different locations on the strip and Paris is centrally located and we got an amazing price on a room (it is november after all). The room was clean and comfortable, the room service was speedy and delicious and the casino area offered a lot of different things to do from gambling to shopping to deuling pianos. The trip was a gift to my mom for her birthday and for her first Vegas trip, she had a blast. . . Glad we decided to stay here! I wish the wi-fi was free but honestly, at such a low room rate, paying for wi-fi isn't all that bad so I'll still give 5 stars :)
My husband and I usually stay at the Las Vegas Hilton, but he got us three nights for free at the Paris.  . I absolutely love this place.  Out of all the hotels, this one was my favorite.  The atmosphere felt like you were in Paris. Rooms were clean and great decor.   Many great restaurants to choose from which were delicious.  You are in the middle of the strip (if you don't mind the touristy crowd) which is ideal.  . I like the casino gaming areas, which had a great selection.  . The staff was helpful and very friendly.. Overall a great experience staying here.  I would come back again.
I love, love, love it! It's beautiful, the casino is fun, and oh my gosh, the shops are adorable. This is on my list of hotels for future stays.
We went to the holiday Champagne buffet. $37 per person but well worth it with endless champagne :). . Um other than that the casino was nice but small, the shops were nice.
I love this casino friendly staff good service great room small casino but I always win some money here. Good location right in the center of everything I don't drive when I stay here
This was my second stay in Vegas, and I was very excited to book the Paris hotel. The first time we went, we stayed at the Stratusphere- very disappointing, expensive, bad view, and far from everything. The Paris has an excellent location right in the middle of the strip, so easy to get to anything by just walking. The room was big and beautiful- nicely decorated, huge bed and huge bathroom. We had a fabulous view of the Bellagio and it's fountains across the street. Parking was free, but internet was not. Staff all seemed nice and helpful.. They have quite a few restaurants and shops downstairs, and loved the continued theme. Something about it was very Disneyesque- a little cartoonish, very clean, but that was fine by me, it was cute. We ate at their bistro restaurant and had a delicious seafood dinner. We even ventured into the casino, where I won a few bucks at black jack, not bad!
No complaints here! We checked in for my wife's birthday weekend and I had booked the trip through Virgin American Airlines. The price of the hotel was really, really good. When we checked in to the hotel they would let us check in until after 2 PM. After checking in we got to our room and we noticed they gave us a room with two beds. We went downstairs and told them about the room and within a couple of seconds they gave us another room. We went to our room which was a strip view and it was just what we expected. The room was clean, and the bed was comfy. We had no problems the entire stay and WILL stay there again. The location is great and the inside the hotel is really awesome place to view.
Great experience and had a Blast.
We had a lovely room, a decent rate, and the cleanliness factor was excellent (my main concern!).  The buffet was sooo good, and there are a lot of great food options here.  . The pool is great!  Service is prompt.  There are steps all around the pool, so if you're a baby like me, you can sit on the steps (even if it's busy) and get used to the water before making the plunge.  . The location was great as well.  Walk through Bally's, and the monorail is right there!  Planet Hollywood is next door (free wifi at Starbucks and Coffee Bean), and Caesar's is right across the street.
Once you're on The Strip, you can't miss the large and domineering Las Vegas replica of the Eiffel Tower or the Paris balloon.. . There's a ride that can take you in the elevator of the Eiffel Tower, and then there's the infamous Eiffel Tower souvenier cup. The Eiffel Tower souvenier cup is a must. A must I say! Boyfriend and I's IDs were checked, and the bartender noticed that my boyfriend's birthday was day of, so he doubled the dosage of vodka. Ouuvay! Guaranteed to make you actin' like you druUuuunk.. . Interior decor could use a bit more oomph tho.
This review is very late In coming - almost 2 years late. We went to Vegas for labor day weekend a couple of years back. We were 3 of us and had booked a room with 2 queens. We reached there almost around midnight of the day of booking and found that our room was given away. The management then apologized and gave us the PRESIDENTIAL SUITE. I believe that's what it was called.it was luxurious. Had a master bed with king, a beautiful living space, a royal bathroom as big as the entire suite itself, a great view of the strip, statue of liberty and the bellagio fountains beyond it. It was luxury at it's best. We had come to Vegas after completing arches and Zion national parks and the plush beds and jacuzzi were perfect for our sore bodies.
This was the first Hotel Casino I ever visited in Vegas almost 10 years ago and it still is my favorite! . . The rooms are consistently clean and spacious, to me that's the most important thing when staying at hotels; nothing fancy really just nice and comfortable.. . The room prices are pretty fair considering the excellent location on the strip and the staff seem to always be cheery and helpful.. . . The buffet is by far the best thing in this hotel. We've tried most buffets including Rio's, Wynn's, Bellagio's and the Venetian and honestly, they just can't compete with Paris'. The dessert bar, bread, pastries, seafood, even the steaks are absolutely delicious!!. . I love the casino and I seem to never lose playing slots here! LOL. . We have reservations for next weekend, can't wait!
What I like the most, is the Eiffel tower. It's been 8 years since I've been in France... Just shows how much I'm ready to go back. :)
First of all,  this review is based on a one night stay here in the Paris.  After a night of partying, I knew we couldn't drive home so we decided to crash the night at Paris at 2:30 in the morning.. . No one was in line and we got taken care of immediately, we got upgraded to a suite. (say whhatt?) Once we got to our room, the room was HUGE and the view was ALMOST spectacular. . . Once you enter, it has a decent sized living room area and the bed was very comfortable.  The next  room was for the bathroom and it was almost as big as the room itself. And near the bathroom it has another tiny office where you can place anything.  . . With all that being said, a night in the Paris Hotel & Casino with a suite upgrade for only $55 was definitely worth staying.
Talk about amazing...I not only got a great rate, the the view was just amazing, overlooking the water show from the Bellagio from the 26th floor. I'm amazed that these rooms ate actually more affordable than the basic road motels. My only issue was that I couldn't park my van, with the Yakima carrier in their parking lot, because of the low 7'0" clearance. I had to walk nearly a mile, to their oversized lot. Boo!
This is strictly for their Casino and Eiffel Tower ride. I always won some money when I went here. I won about $200 playing the bar slot the last time. I got 2 tickets to the Eiffel Tower ride for $16 (2 adults). This place is awesome, very Parisian French feel. I recommend the Mall/Shop walk in the back, too. Yay, I'm a fan of the Paris Las Vegas.
For price and location, this hotel is one of the best values on the Strip, especially during the off-season. And NO resort fee. I paid $72/nt (and have seen rooms as low as $60/nt) and had a very modern, nicely furnished room on an upper floor. The location is central to everything you'll want to see on the Strip, making walking easier. Driving to the hotel (exit Flamingo off of I-15) and parking is pretty easy too. Thankfully you don't have to walk too far from the parking garage to get to your room and you can skirt the casino pretty easily if you're traveling with kids. Restaurants, including Mon Ami Gabi and the Sugar Factory, are good too and several, cheaper options are available in the shopping/dining area between the casino and garage and in the Planet Hollywood complex right next door. Ask for a "Red Room" (or upgrade to a suite) for one of their more recently renovated rooms.
Got a great price in advance for a Red Premier room on the top floors with a fabulous strip view, pool, Eiffel Tower, Paris Balloon, and all.  My boyfriend and I spent a couple days in Planet Hollywood and a couple days in Paris just to get a couple different vibes and hotel experiences - and we ADORE Paris.  We're in our mid and late 20s, and many have said this is more of a place for elderly folks to stay, but we sure enjoyed it much more than Planet Hollywood.. . The room was a little on the small side, but I loved the decor.  The different patterns and materials never clashed.  Just watching the Bellagio fountain shows over and over and over from our windows on the adorable, cozy sofa was enjoyable enough to make the choice worth it.  . . The restaurants were great and I enjoyed everyone we encountered that did us even the smallest service.  Vallet, front desk, bellman -  everyone was funny and kind, which is a great, relaxing contrast compared to how overly and unnecessarily rude and brute a lot of workers for taxi lines and clubs in Las Vegas are.  That shit gets old REALLY fast and it's great to go to a peaceful, welcoming, romantic and cheesy spot that's also a big part of Vegas' allure.
Paris Las Vegas and Caesars Entertainment has never failed to take care of my own and my family's needs and requests ever since opening in 1999. Complimentary suites, meals, and show & event tickets are a few benefits of my mother being a Total Rewards member with Diamond status. About time they replaced those old televisions with 42" flat-screens in their large, two-bathroom Imperial Suites. Thank you, Paris Las Vegas.
one of my fav hotels
First time staying here for our week's vacation. . . Pro & Con: Registration on a Sunday afternoon was crazy busy with very long lines. We had just finished a five hour drive to get there and the line was a PIA.   Having gotten through the line, weren't we impressed that we got an upgrade to a parlor room for a standard rate room. Yay!. . Pro's: Having been to Paris, France on a number of occasions we really liked all the special French touches throughout the hotel.  Look around at the ceilings and the moldings, really beautifully done.  Great lobby artwork, took us back to fond memories of prior trips.  The lobby and the halls are kept beautifully clean and free of trash and debris.  The wait for an elevator was quite impressive considering how many people stay at this hotel.. . Con's: I brought all my workout gear and headed straight for the spa/gym the first morning.  I was not happy when told use of the gym would be a $100 (for the week) added on to my room.  Needless to say, I passed on that and did lots of walking to make up for the lack of going to the gym.. . Con:  There was no free wifi in the room. If you want it added, this will set you back $15.00+ p/day. One thing you will find with Vegas in general,  is that nothing is complimentary/free.  . . Pro & Con: We can recommend the cafe called Madelines on the ground floor.  It's convenient but in the morning has very long lines (seems everywhere there are long lines to wait in).  The coffee and the pastry were very delish but also expensive.  2 medium coffee and 2 croissants were around $15.00, I think that's expensive. Note: I do pay close attention to details, I couldn't figure out how we ordered the same selection every morning and yet the total on the bill varied each morning.  What the?. . Pro: Our parlor room was very spacious and as I stated earlier had beautiful French artwork on the walls.  The king sized bed was very comfortable and there was plenty, plenty of closet storage room for our clothes and luggage.  We had a seating area for snacking/coffee in the morning, a couch area for our friends to sit on when they came to visit as well as a separate "bar" area for drinks and appy set ups.  The bathroom was bigger than both of our back home bathrooms.  The marble on the sinks and the shower were a light orange in color and really quite unique.  We had a state of the art flat screen TV (although we didn't use it much) offered a great picture and sound quality.  . . Pro: The ride up the Eiffel Tower was so much fun at night.  Bring your camera or iPhone and have a ball.  The view up and down the strip was all lite up and magical.  As a suggestion to Paris Hotel, I understand that you never allow your paying guests to ride for free but maybe you could/should offer a free VIP express line.  It seemed to me that as a paying guest at your hotel,  I shouldn't have to wait in line with the rest of the world to take the ride.  Just saying would have made me feel like I was "special" without it costing you anything. . . Pro: the pool area is big and spacious with waitress service all day.  Get there early to reserve your table and chairs as it does fill up quickly in the morning and people scramble later in the day to secure a chair.   . . Pro: Gorden Ramsey's Steak restaurant is right there on premises and we had a really great meal on our last night in Vegas.. . Con: don't visit the Paris on the last weekend in March as it hosts the International Karate Kids Exhibition and with it 5,000 kids, families, coaches and judges.  The actual competition happens on premises.  . . Pro: Every single one of the staff members was helpful, friendly and intentionally nice.  Our needs and questions were answered swiftly and courteously and that was important to us.  Valet service was hopping and quick.  Bellman got our bags delivered  upon check in and picked up super fast when it was time to go.  . . Lastly-. . Pro: Paris is a pet friendly hotel.  This was a big consideration for us because we like to travel with our small dog.  There is a charge but the cost of a kennel vs a stay at the Paris was a no-brainer for us. For all of the pro's AND being pet friendly, you have our vote Paris and a promise of our repeat business. Thanks for a really nice stay.
Gorgeous hotel!! Inside and out! Great restaurants!
Loved my room and the service was great.  Will be going back to Vegas next month and plan on staying at Paris again.
We decided to celebrate our anniversary in Las Vegas this year and my thoughtful fella booked us a room at The Paris. We had a really wonderful experience. I was surprised by the level of service we received from everyone starting with the valets all the way up to the concierge. Every single person we dealt with was helpful, courteous & kind.. . The room itself was lovely with a nice big bathroom. It had a nice-sized vanity, large tub & free standing shower. The view of the Strip was just beautiful at night. We ate in a few of the restaurants there & had a great time. Mon Ami Gabi in particular was delightful & had excellent specials. I probably had 4 crepes at the little crepe cafe while we were there too - don't miss them.. . I had zero complaints honestly. The staff was amazing, the food was delicious & the room was just right. We didn't spend a mint but I definitely felt like we had a luxurious vacation. We'll definitely be back.
Great room! 26th floor and overlooking the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio.
Nice ,clean,close to everything. Had a great time.
We decided to give it one more go since we often dine at 2 of the restaurants in this hotel.  This time the front desk person was extremely pleasant and asked if we wanted to take the suite upgrade I felt a bit uneasy as the last time they tried to charge us more for the exact room we booked telling us it was an upgrade.  She explained the upgrade features and costs and we went ahead and did it. When we arrived in our room it was perfect and exactly as she described.  The woman at the front has made us believers in the hotel again and has gotten our business back.
This review is only for the bars and ambiance of the Paris Las Vegas.  We were walking down Las Vegas Blvd and tucked into the Paris for a drink.  The bartenders were awesome and very liberal with the amounts of alcohol they put in the drinks.  The bartenders were very friendly and hospitable.  It almost made me want to change my accommodation locations.....almost. . . Nearby the bar, there were go-go dancers performing above several blackjack tables.  In addition, there was a very good house band playing classic dance tunes.  The machines were give and take, and the quick food spots were reasonably priced.
Great service. Clean, elegant.. Very comfortable beds :)
Fantastic French dip and service!
Nice hotel....  Casino is great....  Room amenities good.  2 things broken but were fixed by repair man quickly.  Staff extremely friendly and helpful. Oh yes lets not forget free valet parking
Great location, and always fun!
Excellent service and great hotel. We have a 2 day stay and really enjoyed it.. One of the best hotels in LV.. The room was very clean and comfortable. 2 bedrooms 3 bathrooms.. We liked the breakfast as well.
Comfortable, modern, excellent service.  Great atmosphere with smaller casino.
Giving five stars to offset bad reviews because my wife and I had a great time here.  We like to party though.  There was some loud music coming from the Cosmopolitan across the street so I can see some early sleepers having a problem.  If you're one of those people then just ask for a room in the back.  I'm sure they will accommodate you.  . . Personally I love the French theme and the French restaurants in the hotel including a crepe station, small French bistro and another French cafe.  A hamburger with foie gras and caramelized apples?  YES!  If you want to go pricey they do have the Eiffel Tower restaurant and Gordon Ramsay's.  . . The good:  Right in the middle of the Vegas strip.  You can't get a better location for the price.  You're across the street from Bellagio and Caesar's for half the price.  Also you're connected to Bally's and don't even have to go outside to get there.  That is where the monorail station is and you can go from there to several other casinos without taking a cab which is excellent.  There is a mall there with any needs you might have all within a short walk from the elevator.  I ordered room service at 4am and it was there much faster than I thought it would be and they don't even include a mandatory gratuity, which was nice.  The food was great, eggs benedict and a custom burger with fries...the Vegas experience at it's best.. . Another fun thing whether you stay here or not is to go up on top of the Eiffel Tower.  It's the best view of the strip you'll see.  It is a small landing on top so there is a wait sometimes, but well worth it.  It's an exact replica of the real Eiffel Tower, just half the size.  If you're freaked out by heights you may not like it but it was one of the more interesting things we did in Vegas.. . The bad:  This is now one of the middle priced hotels on the strip.  I got a smoking room and the sofa had a couple of burned places on it.  There was a little scribbling on the wall in the bathroom.  It wasn't a big deal to me, but if you want perfection you might want to seek a higher end place.  The room was clean and we had a great view of the strip so that made up for any imperfections.  We really liked the decor of the hotel.  The TV was intermittent and sometimes switched channels on it's own!  We thought it might be someone next door with the same remote though.. . The casino is very nice and all of the staff I encountered were super nice.  I read other reviews where they described rude staff but I had none of that.  EVERYONE we encountered that worked at the hotel or casino were extremely over the top nice.  We will definitely stay at the Paris again.
I really enjoyed my stay here. Lines were long during check in and check out. Tables minimum are $10 and up. I always get lucky in vegas. They put us in a smoking room thefirst night because they were all sold out but the room did not smell like smoke at all. Than the next night they upgraded us to a strip room view. Pool is awesome right by the tower and a good mix of family and young groups. Overall great hotel to stay in.
I've always loved the Paris. I went up the "Eiffel Tower" during the day. It took awhile to go all the way to the top. The 360 degree view was pretty nice and I'm sure it would look even more amazing at night. This has always been one of my favorite hotels because of the ceiling artwork and building architecture inside. Also, because I love eating at the Le Village buffet and having the all you can eat macroons and crepes! nom nom nom I just love walking through the casino area and admiring the detail designed to look like Paris itself.
We sat outside overlooking the Fountains at the Bellagio. I ordered the Ham and Cheese Crepe with an over easy egg on top. It was so rich and tasty!  I would definitely order that again. My husband ordered the Smoked Salmon Platter. The salmon was very fresh tasting. The coffee was perfect as were the mimosas. They also have a Bloody Mary bar that we'll try next time. The atmosphere and service were impeccable.
I can't understand why anyone could have anything bad to say about Paris. Just came home from a trip to Las Vegas and our stay here was great. I have nothing to complain about. The staff and service was exceptional, our room was very nice and the ambiance and Parisian theme was lovely. It's a great location on the strip and the views from the Eiffel tower are awesome!  I would definitely stay there again!
Paris Casino is a fantastic place to visit .   It offers a great casino, an exciting ride up the Eiffel Tower... not as high as the real Eiffel Tower in Paris, France... But still quite nice! It's a must when you are on The Strip!  Don't miss the shops and restaurant!
I had a great time here, they didn't have my room so they gave my wife and I a full suite at no charge. The suite was sooo awesome, it wasn't a hardcore suite but good enough I would suggest giving this hotel a shot.
