I lived in DC for a while, so I am a frequent visitor to Jose Andres' restaurants and an avid fan.  I was really excited to try his new restaurant in Vegas, and it did not disappoint!  I came here with a group of 4 people, and we ordered 11 dishes I believe + 2 desserts.  They have a few chefs working at the front of the restaurant so people walking by can watch them make handmade tortillas and hand pulled noodles.  They also have two take out windows with a smaller menu that you can order from.  The decor is modern with Chinese and Mexican elements and made me think of something I would see in an Urban Outfitters catalog or on display at the MoMA.. . The guacamole and hand made tortillas were to die for!  I could have just eaten guacamole for dinner.  And they have the best tortillas I've ever had.  My favorite presentation was the scallop ceviche, which they place on a carmelized key lime.  They lightly spray vodka on it, you eat the scallop, and then squeeze the lime into your mouth.  Almost like taking a tequila shot.  I also thought the hand pulled noodles were amazing and cooked to perfection.  We ordered the Unruly Monk soup, and it was very light and refreshing, but at the same time, full of vegetables.  I would probably come here for lunch and order just that and maybe a small side dish.  We also ordered another soup, Caldo Tlalpeno, which I thought was more fusion, and I also enjoyed that soup as well.. . We ordered the Nice, but Naughty dish with lotus root and pea shoots which doesn't taste very Chinese because the pea shoots were somewhat raw but I enjoyed it nonetheless.  I also enjoyed the Chicken Ji Song and liked the presentation of it, especially with the fried sweet potato on top.  We tried a bunch of different tacos, and I think flavorwise, I liked the beef tendon and it was melt in your mouth tender, but also the greasiest taco out of all of them.  We didn't end up order any dim sum because I knew I could probably eat tastier (and cheaper) dim sum in Chinatown.. . We ordered the flan and the happy buddha giggling taking a bath.  The flan is deliciously creamy and easily one of the best flans I've ever had.  The happy buddha is really cute and he really is taking a bath!  It's one of the most entertaining desserts I've ever had.  It isn't your normal jello.  They make it from scratch with fresh strawberries and use seaweed extract instead of gelatin, and it has a very smooth flavor.  It's very refreshing at the end of a huge meal.. . The dishes aren't that expensive but they do add up very quickly, and we ended up spending more than I wanted to, but it was definitely a fun and enjoyable experience, not to mention yummy!
Such an interesting concept in a gorgeous new casino on the strip! . . What initially caught my eye were the neon signs on either side of the entrance. One proclaiming "Mexican Food" and the other "Chinese Food". Being a Mexican food junkie, my friend and I saddled up the bar on the Mexican side of the restaurant surrounded by cool Lucha Libre masks. We watched the Mexican women make fresh corn tortillas by hand behind the bar. . . I started with my token order of chips, salsa and guac. Oh..my..God!! The chips were to die for (What is that seasoning?), the salsa had a nice spicy kick and the $12 bowl of guacamole was huge & fresh!. . We then split an order of chicken tacos which are small and come ala carte. The corn tortillas were as delicious as they looked! Naturally, I washed it all down with their signature salt margarita which had an amazing lime tasting foam on top.. . I can't vouch for the Chinese side of this joint but the whole restaurant was buzzing with energy and I am still dreaming about the food a week later....
AMAZING!! And oh my GOSH, how soon can I go back? Everything we ordered was amazing. (And its pretty wierd at first to have Mexican and Asian on the same table, but everything was so tasty, you get over it quickly). . . Dan Dan Mian was super-wow. Please double the modest serving, ChinaPoblano! The hearts-of-palm salad was totally unique (long shreds) - yummy. All the tacos were out-of-this-world flavorful. Waiter suggested the short rib tacos - oh yeah. You'll want a lot of those (mouth is watering) [sluurp] oh, excuse me. The quality of the fresh noodles will ruin you for any other Asian noodle situation where they don't use homemade fresh noodles. Five stars, and happily so.
Like a 4.47 rounded all the way up because the Lakers are on a 4-game winning streak. . . I came to China Poblano during its opening week. A couple feet ahead of me, at the front of the restaurant, was Big Papi himself: Jose Andres. Wearing baby blue, tweeting from his Blackberry, eating what looked like every single dish on the menu, teaching his three daughters (who were sitting in descending order by height) how to use chopsticks - how cute.     . . Anyway, the food. The bottom-line for me at any restaurant is the final product. The flavors, the textures, the temperature contrasts, all the good shit, working in unison to evoke memories or tell new stories. Value, ambiance, service - that stuff's nice, too - but I'm not going to knock off stars from any restaurant if the waitress didn't fill my cup of coffee six times, or if I couldn't understand the gibberish coming out of the Filipino waitress' mouth. Notably, the ambiance and service at this restaurant were super-chill (like, 5/5 chill). . . Having said that, the food here was generally very good, too. (We ordered the guacamole, fried potatoes with XO, chicken mole tacos, the lemon-tree shrimp, and some other stuff I can't remember right now. The ocean nest was fine, too.) The dessert menu didn't excite me, but the drinks made up for it (salt air margarita and the sal de gusano margarita). Also, Jose was gangster enough to get out of his seat (during his meal!) to make sure I had a good time. Check it out.
Wow!  Amazing and chef Jose Andres sure knows how to fuse his cuisine.  If you're in Vegas this is worth trying.  Although inside the Cosmopolitan - you would never know!  A hotel Restaurant has never been so great...love the poblano sauce!
every thing i ordered I loved. Chef Jose Andres knows how to do it right (like his trendy Bazaar restaurant in L.A.) Very casual. Remember that this is a tapas style place, so most dishes are small. Order the cochinitas (the best), BBQ steamed buns. the Lotus/pea shoot dish was surprising good. Noodle bowls good too (but large). Cocktail Singapore sling is fantastic. warning guys, this drink comes with a dainty umbrella.
Amazing.  A foodies paradise!  I'm trying to eat my way across the menu - it will take a while since there are so many interesting dishes. . . Hand made 'Frescas' - different fruit flavors daily.  Get one, or two.   Refreshing, not sweet. . . Yukatan BBQ taco - best taco and BBQ I've ever had -subtle smokey flavors, with a touch of sweet onions on top, I could eat these all day.. . Fish Tacos.  Mahi Mahi.   Ok, listen.  I know there are a lot of good fish tacos out there - but seriously, go try these and all the others you've had will fade in memory.. . Lamb potstickers.   Lamb, Potstickers.   Not only is the chef really creative, but the subtle spice and flavors of these will end you.. . Stop reading this - go and eat here.
Ate at China Poblano when I was in Vegas last week and hadn't looked at any Yelp reviews prior. I'm surprised to find it only has 3 stars on here. I thought it was AMAZING. Most importanly, it was priced appropriately, unlike so many places in Vegas.. . Some notes:. . -The atmosphere was fun (decor is amazing!). -Service was great. -Food was creative and delicious. -A few dishes were a miss (a noodle soup with the word "ugly" in the name), but most were spot on. . -Mexican food was slightly better than the Chinese, but that makes sense given Jose's backgound. . -The salt-air margaritas are genius.
Delicious and amazing food.  Takes a really interesting concept and executes it brilliantly by maintaining lots of traditional Chinese and Mexican dishes in their authentic form, whilst peppering the menu with surprisingly tasty 'fusion' dishes.. . As for the traditional fare, the Guacamole and freshly hand made tortillas were delicious.  There wasn't a great deal done to the guac, but the avocados were clearly top notch so thus you let them speak for themselves and the tortillas were as perfect as you've ever had.  The cochinita and barbacoa tacos were exacting and spot-on in their traditional flavor.  For the Chinese side, the 'Traditional Shumai's were light, airy, eggy and packed with umami.  I want a bowl of those Dan-Dan noodles with spicy pork for every hangover I ever have again for the rest of my life.  They were so comforting, and no-nonsense delicious!  The Har Gau's and Whens Fly were both great replicas of what you would find at a great underground Dim Sum restaurant.. . For the edgier 'Fusion' dishes, the Scallop Ceviche made my day.  I'm very familiar with Jose Andres' restaurants, and find the 'fluff' and 'molecular' aspects of his cuisine at times to detract from the flavors and enjoyment of some of his dishes, but this one hit it out of the park for me.  The dish is served with individual bay scallops served on a key lime half that has been crusted with what I can assume from my margaritas was more 'Sal de Gusano' (salt, chile powder and roasted caterpillar, yes, caterpillar), and a table side spraying of tequila on each bite.  You're instructed to eat the scallop off the lime and to squeeze it and suck on it while you take on the scallop.  Freaking delicious!  The 'Silencio' taco with duck tongue and rambutan was another delicious 'fusion' dish that I feel doesn't get enough credit because drunken bimbos that wander in here after a night at the Marquee aren't going to try 'duck tongue.'  The lamb dumplings were very interesting and satisfying as well, as they tasted like baby lamb empanadas with a baked cheese crust.. . As far as drinks go, you have to try the Margarita con 'Sal de Gusano.'  It will be hard to ever go back to a traditional salted rim ever again, I am in therapy about it now that I'm gone.. . My girlfriend & I went on two occasions in our three days at the Cosmo and this was our favorite place.  We did the tasting menu at Scarpeta and loved that as well, but this was the kind of place I could eat at twice a week.  The service was also fantastic and enough has been mentioned here about how cool the design is inside also.. . Highly recommend this place for people that know what good dim sum is, know what good Mexican is and are open to trying the new and interesting as well!
We ordered pretty much one of everything and we loved it. The guac was outstanding. The ceviche! The pork shoulder taco with pineapple. The ambiance was fun. Everything was spot on!
Picky eaters do not apply. To enjoy this place, you have to be an adventurous eater.  If you just get chips, queso fundido, or a pork bun, you will not be happy.  . . For foodies who won't turn their nose up at a beef tendon taco, this is the place for you!  Super creative food and a great bargain for what you get.  . . We started out with the Pozole Rojo ($9) which is a spicy shredded pork soup with chickpeas, cabbage, pork rinds, chopped onions, radish, and avocado.  This was a really good portion size for $9 and so tasty.  You can get it with a shot of tequila for an extra $3 but our server didn't recommend it unless we just wanted to do a tequila shot. Apparently the tequila is offered for hangovers.  Hair of the dog, you know.. . Next we tried the Viva China taco ($5.50 each) which has beef tendon, a Kumamoto oyster, and Sichuan sauce.  Yes, beef tendon in a taco.  This was extremely tasty.  I could eat ten of these.. . We also tried the Cochinita Taco ($4.50 each).  It's pretty much pork and pickled onions.  Pretty good, but the Carnitas taco topped with pork rinds is so much better.. . Another great dish was the Papas with XO sauce ($6).  French fries covered in a dried scallop sauce.  They serve it with lime, which you think would be awful.  But it's actually really, really good!. . The big surprise of the night was the Gaspacho Morelia ($10).  This is a huge plate of very fresh, very tasty fruit covered in freshly squeezed orange juice.  Some of the fruit had some spicy seasoning on it, which enhanced the flavor of the fruit.  Pineapple, watermelon, mango, jicama, dragonfruit, strawberries, and queso fresca. Very good and light.. . The cocktails are also very inventive.  I don't think I can ever have a normal margarita again after having the salt air margarita ($12) served here.  The salt foam is a perfect compliment to the margarita and doesn't have the harsh taste of salt on the rim.  My husband had the lychee sour ($12) which was also very good.  . . $63 before tip and we were very, very full.  Service was impeccable and very friendly.  Just focus on the more creative dishes.  Yeah, you can get a pork bun in Chinatown for cheaper.  Of course you can get a carne asada taco at a taco truck for cheaper.  Come here for the creative dishes that you can't get anywhere else.
Great idea, awesome food, who would have thought to put together Chinese and Mexican. Got the Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice based on a story from the show "Best Thing I Ever Ate", then myself and friends shared tacos. Great stuff, would love to have this back in DC.
I think this is one of the best little secrets in Vegas, well besides the super secret pizza place in the Cosmo down a private hallway but that's for another review.. Potstickers, Chilaquiles and spicy Margaritas oh my! Anyone who thought of combining a menu of Chinese and Mexican cuisine is a genius. A perfect place if you just want to snack, or a wonderful alternative if you feel like treating your palette to more than just your average meal. Perfect for sharing with friends. The flavorful dishes will not disappoint, but I think only foodies will really appreciate this place.. I always sit at the bar in front of the open kitchens, it enhances the experience.
Who knew that Chinese food and Mexican food would go well together?  This "collaboration" (how our waitress puts it) is the genius of this place.  Even though portions were small, each dish was very high quality.  If you're looking to get stuffed to the point where you want to vomit, then head to the never-ending selection of buffets in Vegas.  If you want to be surprised and have a lively conversation with your dining partner(s) about the delicious food you're eating, then you have to try this place.  Here's what we ordered:. . -Rou Jia Mou street sandwich:  Wow!  So tasty and good.  The bread part reminded me of Northern Chinese scallion pancakes (minus the scallions) and the pork filling was so good.. -Tuna ceviche:  High quality dish with some surprising crunch.  I had to ask the waitress what gave the crunchy texture and it turned out to be amaranth seeds which I've never had before.. -Barbacoa de res tacos:  Good.  Nothing to complain about.. -Sui Mai scallops dim sum:  Yes, it's a traditional dim sum item you can get in any dim sum restaurant but done very well.. -Cajeta flan:  Very creamy and smooth.  Great dessert but I thought the addition of the ice cream was unecessary. . -Singapore Sling:  So good, I had to drink 2 of them.  Perfect before hitting the slots ;)
one of the best meals i've had in years!. . I hope he opens one of these in LA :). . First, we began with Singapore Slings ( orig Raffles Singapore Recipe ) - done with fresh made pineapple juice - YUM! I think our entire table had 2 each before dinner.. . Then the food just kept coming -- I love spicy food and they did all the vegan spicy well. The folks at my table that ate meat loved their meals just as much. The chinese noodles done with mexican carne asada on top seemed to be a huge fav. . . Highlights include:. The Hearts of Palm Salad. The Taro Root and Asparagus. The Glass Noodles. Mushroom Tacos. . I really could have sat there for 6 hours eating.... thanks Jose!
Very fun and hip atmosphere.  Seating isnt the most comfy but I love the ambiance and the decor.  It's a little asian and a little bit mexican.  The food is excellent.  There are really fun choices.  The mango sticky rice was soooo different than the traditional kind that you get at normal Thai places.  You have to try it to understand what I experienced.  I loved the barbacoa tacos and wished they were bigger but at least I had room to eat other things.  The carnitas taco was also good.  The langosta was so rich and tasty.  The mole fries was not my favorite since it was too heavy on sauce and made the fries soggy.  The pozole was also really good but too large - share it with someone.
I seriously have no idea why the average is SO low for this restaurant. I have been to China Poblano twice now, and it can't get better than this!  I am a foodie and know good food when I eat it, so please take this review to heart!. . China Poblano is a "nice casual" Chinese/Mexican fusion restaurant at the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas.  I have never stayed here, but I can just imagine how beautiful the rooms must be, given the interior of the hotel's main floor.  China is a very eclectically designed restaurant, definitely great for striking up some interesting conversation topics.. . Allow me to rate what I have eaten there.  Everything has been amazing!!. . Queso Fundido - THIS IS A MUST if you like cheese.  One of the best queso dishes I have EVER tried, complete with handmade, fresh tortillas!. Chilaquiles - Delicious and filling...not necessarily sure you need to get this if you are getting the queso fundido, as it is the same cheese.. When Pigs Fly - Awesome "dim sum" style pork buns...yum!. Beijing Glass Noodles - Wonderful cold noodle dish, sort of like a noodle salad...that might not sound that intriguing, but this is a must try as well. Papas Fritas with Mole Poblano, Mexican Cream, and Queso Fresco - A great fries dish not to be missed!. Twenty-vegetable fried rice - This is what they are famous for.  It's good, but not my fave of what I have tried.. . People I have gone with tried the pork street sandwich...they were underwhelmed.  They also tried the Dan Dan Mian noodles.  I had a bite and they were really good!  I have also heard that the guacamole is just okay (like any other table side guacamole), but I still plan to try it one day.. . This is my go-to restaurant for Friday nights in Vegas...definitely give this one a try!
Jose knocks it out of the park again. Everything works in this place from the downscale but crisp decor to the lobster taco to the Mexicana mommas hammering out freshly made tortillas. . . You might think Chinese and Mexican a strange mix but this food is playful, creative the really tasty. It just works, the flavor profiles fit like a hand into a smooth fitted kid glove. . . The air salt margarita and lemon drop served with chopsticks (because you need them) are just the icing on the Jose Andres cake
My new favorite restaurant! Wonderfully authentic food - Jose Andres is a true genius! Guacamole is to die for! Flying Pigs dim sum ROCKS! Chicken mole tacos are sooo good! Tres Lychees cake is almost too beautiful to eat... almost! The lychees on top of the cake were really good and complimented this dessert wonderfully. I can hardly wait to go backto Vegas to eat at China Poblano... many times! Super delicious! Btw, our waiter, Marques, was really great.
Well.... what can I say the tacos here are  AMAZING. If theres something I would die for in life it would probably be tacos.. lol jk.  What Im saying is these were to die for. why havent I been here before ?? . . I tried a couple different kinds of tacos. carnitas. barbacoa. and...My absolute favorite- COCHINITA ... delicious. . also had the chips & salsa, salsa was really good. And lastly we had the Papas Fritas con mole y queso.. . I recommend China Poblano to anyone in Vegas. . . also try a Margarita Sal de Gusano... topped with Salt air. its great
The tacos are off the charts good and the salt air margarita is mighty tasty.  Winner in my book!. . . And for all the reviews hating on the price, show me anything in vegas that is not overpiced.  Go to a downtown buffet if you want t o gorge yourself on cheap food.
When I saw China Poblano on Food TV's "Best Thing I Ever Ate: Las Vegas," I knew we had to go when we were out there. It's a restaurant designed for us, really - Mexican and Chinese. Not fusion, but three separate kitchens taking care of both of our food needs at once, without one of us sitting and watching the other eat. Being that it was Jose Andres, we had high hopes, and they were met easily.. . His plate: Papas Fritas with Mexican cream and queso fresco; Carnitas taco (braised baby pig, pork rinds, spicy salsa verde cruda); Pescado Frito taco (fried fish, salsa Mexicana). . Her plate: "When Pigs Fly" - delicate steamed buns with Chinese barbecue pork; "Ocean Nest" - scallops/shrimp/king crab/lobster/pan-fried egg noodles/ seasonal vegetables; "Salt Air Margarita". . To share: Chips and Salsa - fresh tortilla chips, house-made chipotle salsa. . The chips and salsa were good, though nothing out of this world. The pork buns were the only actually disappointing part of the meal - the dough is a little gummy and maybe overworked - though the filling was flavorful and moist, and happily not over-salty. We ended up taking these home and they were better as cold leftovers in the middle of the night.. . My pan-fried egg noodles were nice and crisp, with a deliciously oceany broth. There was no king crab, which I'd been looking forward to, but the shrimp had their heads on and were fantastically fresh. The bok choy was the perfect choice for the 'seasonal vegetable' and I'd definitely get this dish again. The ocean flavor was just so good.. . The fries were described as good, but not memorable. D's tacos were both fantastic, full of flavor and great textural contrasts. The carnitas were not slimy, as they are at some restaurants, and were nicely accented by the pork rinds on top. Since we've been home, the tacos have been mentioned a few times. We'd love it if Jose added a China Poblano in DC, but we'll also definitely visit it again when we're in Vegas next year.
I must preface this review by saying that it's given with knowledge that it's on-strip(pricey) and gourmet(small portions).  I just love the fact that I could get such a variety of food of my two favorite types, Mexican and Chinese. . . I love tacos and noodles so I for the second visit I stayed with the same noodles with a variety of seafood that I felt was just perfect for sharing.  The noodles were just right along with seafood that was far more than I expected in a shared dish.  As for the tacos I've tried the lengua, pescado frito, and carnitas.  While they were all delicious and I really love how the serving dish keeps them upright for great presentation the carnitas prompted myself and my friend to order a couple more, the sauce and the pork rind just adds the right flavor.  . . If you can expense a meal or up for a pricey tasting of a delicious variety with friends this is the place to eat.
Amazing food! Tacos are great, service is great prices are reasonable!
A lot of people worship at the altar of Jose Andres. Not me. I'd eaten at Jaleo in DC before and was underwhelmed, so his much-heralded arrival in Vegas was greeted with a bit of a shrug from me.. . I had no interest in going to the western outpost of Jaleo (when there are so many better tapas options in town) but I was intrigued by the concept of China Poblano. And it did not disappoint.. . Joined by two friends, we ordered a sampling of dishes from both sides of the menu - but the thing that sticks in my mind the most is the cocktail I ordered, the "lemon drop soup." Vodka, citrus and noodles. Yes, noodles. In a drink. The "salt air" margarita was no less creative, and the "cold tea" of green tea, tequila and beer is just out there.. . The absolute best dish I ordered here was the guacamole - it's $15 for an order (served with warm, fresh corn tortillas) but OH EMM GEE it's good. Special trip good. Take out window late at night good. And they'll make it as spicy as you want - always a plus for me.. . Of all the dishes I've had, the only one I didn't love was the rainbow congee. Aside from that, pure unadulterated awesomesauce. The Mongolian beef is a New York strip. The sui mai dumplings contain gold leaf. The mole poblano tacos are morsels of joy. . . But mostly that guacamole.
The food was amazing.  We had the Lucky 8 Sui Mai, Langosta and Carnitas taco's. It was the best carnitas taco that I have ever had. The tortilla was lighter than I expected for homemade. The guacamole was made just like I like it. Everything was full of flavor. Just perfect. I can't wait to go back.
Great modern upgrade to the simple taco!  amazing dim sum with excellent servoce.
We atually avoided this place for a while, because the concept of Chinese/Mexican fusion seemed so alien to us! However, we were passing by and happened to see a bunch of dim sum steamers through the window and that totally changed our minds! We are suckers for Dim Sum. . . The restaurant is a unique fusion of Chinese and Mexican cuisine and it does it right! The set up of the restaurant is unusual with bench "comunal table" type seating or bar style. The first thing we noticed was the very high prices, especially for Dim Sum!!! We come from LA and the OC, where Dim Sum is plentiful and cheap. The Dim Sum menu here is pretty small, and many things are $13 a plate! that seemed crazy, but we thought it might be worth trying just once. And it was- we were not disappointed!. We ordered:. -Golden Pigs (pork buns) which comes with in-house condensed milk for dipping. These are petite char sui bao that have been deep fried. It was very pricey but it comes with so much flavor and many layers of textures; from the crunchy outer layer to the soft insides to the sweet and salty porky center, all dipped in th sweet and creamy condensed milk sauce. It was a very fresh look at a classic dim sum dish.. -Chicken Shumai. These were very small but very tasty and moist and full of flavor and topped with a goji berry. . . After two dim sum dishes we decided to share an entre from the Mexican side of the menu: Shrimp with a pepper sauce. These were very tender and a bit spicy but good altogether. . . The best part of it all, Dessert! Mango with Sweet Rice....The best we both have had anywhere!! It had a ton of flavor in every single bite. This restaurant is probably getting that 5th star just because of this amazing dessert. It is like nothing you have ever had, I promise. First, the rice is cooked in coconut milk and reduced to a near liquid, and is then whipped into a light and airy mousse like texture. At the center is a mound of icy, sweet, mango granitas and the whole thing is topped with cramalized rice crispies and chunks of mango.. . The service was also very personalized. The wait staff and even the bar tender chimed in with their favorites when it was obvious we couldn't make up our minds. . . I'm not going to lie. The portions, at least of what we had, are somewhat small, and the price is high, but I think the quality and ingenuity of the fusion menu make this an experience not to be missed.
Food: 5 stars. I got the "Like Water for Chocolate" roasted quail and rose petals based off of one of my favorite books (Como Agua Para Chocolate). The guacamole was superb, and I am probably the pickiest avocado-eater on the planet. It was prepared mild (because some people couldn't handle the heat), and the chopped jalapenos and fire sauce were put on the side for me to mix in my own portion. Best guac ever. The tortillas were handmade, thick, and everything you'd want in a tortilla. I put spoonfuls of guacamole and the Queso Fundido with chorizo (which was also excellent) and made little tortilla wraps. YUM!. . Service: 5 stars. Our waitress was adorable, friendly, and very helpful. We took her advice on everything we ordered. She explained every new dish, its components, and the best way to eat it. . . Tea: 5 stars. Call me corny, but I like to try new things. We ordered Jasmine tea and wanted it mild, so we were given a heavy, metal, Asian-style teapot and a sand hourglass with three different times. We were to steep the tea for as long as the respective timer said. Three minutes for mild, four minutes for medium, and five minutes for strong tea.. . Dessert: 5 stars. We shared a serving of flan which came with candied pineapple and a Magnolia flower. I ate the flower, it was an edible adventure. The flan was like creme brulee without the hard brown sugar top. I have yet to find a flan that compares.. . Decor: 5 stars. Asian flowers, Lucha Libre masks, dragons on the walls, it all makes sense. Fusion, in every sense of the word.. . Overall: This is probably my new favorite restaurant. Everything I love about Asian cuisine, mixed with the familiarity, comfort and spice of gourmet Mexican. Orale.
Loved the food. The dim sum was sumptious especially the lamb potstickers and the various sui mai. The dan dan noodles  and all the tacos are highly recommended as well as the mango coconut dessert with the puffed rice. I had to visit the place twice in three days as I couldn't get enough! Our server was Ali and he was knowledgable and guided us superbly.
The tacos are great!  had the tender juicy carnitas. And the barbacoca both very outstanding. And the made to order guacamole was perfect. Really good!
I've reviewed it before, and I returned a year later, only to review it again: This place is amazing. I love the Mexican dishes much more than the Chinese, but the service, food and margaritas are all first class. You MUST have the carnitas taco with verde sauce --I could eat these all day. The tortillas are homemade here. The salsas are perfect. The margaritas are fresh with no mixes or syrups. I love it so much I ate there twice this week. You will too.
Five girls for dinner, weren't  sure what we were getting into...waiter was very helpful, recommending everything from drinks to ordering family style. We still can't decide on our favorites. Our top three are tuna ceviche, the Beijing Noodles and the pork belly shumai.
Usually I read lots of reviews before eating anywhere, but seeing as we were on vacation, my wife and I took a risk and went into China Poblano blind.  Good thing, because had I trusted Yelp's 3-star review, I might have missed out on a memorable meal.. . Trendy and quirky beyond belief, this restaurant exudes cool (or hipster, depending on your view, but I took it as cool).  It has booths and community tables, and the dishes are all small plates from Mexican and Chinese cuisine... not much fusion, but it's nice to mix and match.  My wife and I shared chips and salsa, with hot, fresh chips and a smoky chipotle salsa with just the right amount of kick.  I got a carnitas taco, which was succulent and had homemade pork rinds on top.  My wife liked her barbacoa taco as well.. . For our "main courses" (although remember, it's small plates, so that doesn't really apply), I had the lemon tree shrimp, which was unbelievably good.  The shrimp tasted fresh, and the sauce was redolent with black pepper and celery, and the occasional chunk of citrus fruit.  My wife had the Beijing glass, a noodle dish that was not to my taste, but it looked beautiful, with all the components (noodles and tons of different Asian veggies) sectioned out in the bowl, waiting to be mixed.  She loved it.. . Some people are complaining about the size of the dishes.  Well, it's small plates, and you're supposed to order 2-3 items.  The wait staff tells you that.  Our waitress even asked us during lunch if we were satisfied with the amount of food we had ordered -- and we were.  Far too many restaurants go for quantity over quality, but China Poblano serves properly sized meals.  Two or three dishes really should be enough to fill up one person.  If not, I dunno, go to one of the millions of buffets on the Strip instead.  If I'm going to spend $30 on a meal, I'd honestly rather have high-quality food than "all-you-can-eat."
this is a Vegas favorite inside the Cosmopolitan! Chinese and Mexican sounds weird but works. Awesome. Tucked away by the race and sports book. Open for lunch and dinner. Dont miss Pomegrante margarita with salt foam, guacamole and salsa, all dumplings, Dan Dan noodles, Chicken soong, and  the BEST tuna tartare.
I loved this place! We were in Las Vegas for work and my colleague recommended China Poblano. Everything was awesome. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
I'm shocked by how low the average rating here is, this is one of my favorite places to eat when I'm in Vegas.  We discovered it totally by accident while roaming through the newest building on the strip, looking for a fun meal. The initial outside appearance of the restaurant made me think it was a food court, but once I saw the name Jose Andres, I knew we were in for something special,  and I wasn't disappointed.. . That was over a year ago, since then we have been back several times.  The highest compliment that I can pay to the food is that every time I leave China Poblano, I leave energized, excited, and euphoric.. . When China Poblano gets it right, they get it very right, witness the Viva China, beef tendon and Kumamoto Oyster taco.  It's simple, yet enthralling, an amazing contrast of texture, temperature, and flavor.  Every time I have one, it's just as good as the first.. . There are a number of other shining stars, like the Barbacoa and Silenco (spicy duck tongue and lychee!) tacos, and several of the desserts (I still dream about the Tres Lychees, why did they have to take it away?!?!?!).  The noodles I've tried were quite good (especially the spicy Dan Dan Mian), but not quite up to the level of the zany tacos.. . I have sampled a few things that I'd classify as merely "good" like the chocolate terra cotta warrior, and the fried wantons, and there is a large swath of the menu that I've yet to try.. . Yes, it can be a bit pricey for the quantity of food/drink, but consider the location, and more importantly consider the creative, meticulously prepared food.  You get what you pay for.. . However, those items that I love make China Poblano a destination entirely on their own, not to mention the fun atmosphere and excellent service.  On that note, our servers have always been not just friendly and accommodating, but very knowledgeable about the food as well, and I think that really makes a difference in the overall experience.. . I'm always happy to be coming back to China Poblano.  It's a great place to start or end your Vegas trip, or perhaps even for a late night in the middle.  This last trip, we did all three!
In a location as over the top as the Cosmo in Las Vegas, my wife and I were pleasantly surprised by lunch here. I wouldn't recommend as a destination for dinner, but if looking for a quick meal on the lighter side, it's one of very few options around, without being a stereotype of itself.. . Good food, fantastic flavors, and enthusiastic service.
It was funny how I found this place, walking in the Cosmopolitan seeing signs for Chinese and Mexican food.  Thinking it was 2 different restaurants I was intrigued.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  I navigated through the menu and tried several items.  I fell in love with mole fries, just order the mole on the side.  The mole is authentic and my taste buds enjoyed savoring all the flavors.
Super yummy!. . I ate a lot of different stuff here...Tacos, pork rolls, noodles, rice. ...if anything eat the "20 Vegetable Fried Rice"! I heard from several people...best fried rice EVER! Each bite was different and super awesome!. . Very causal, relaxed place, great cocktails.. . Everything I ate was great! Service was great! Seating was easy!. . Go eat a taco, fried rice and pork buns, you won't be sad!
I'm sad to see that this place isn't rated higher!  My husband and I eat here every time we go to Vegas, sometimes more than once.  We love it!. . Our favorites:. . Salt Air Margarita (actually, they have lots of great cocktails!). Golden Pigs . 20 Vegetable Fried Rice. . Go!  You won't be disappointed!  . . Atmosphere is casual, service is friendly and prices are reasonable (for Vegas).
OK this is my new Fav place in the cosmo as of now !!!. . ok so sout side looking it it LOOKS LIKE A HOLE IN THE WALL. i think thats the look and feel they were going for . but this place is noting short of GREAT .  the restaurant is split into two side one chinesse one mexican . we dined on the mexico side at the bar the service was great friendly and knowledgeable . . . this is a Jose Andres restaurant by the way . . . i had the Silencio duck tongue it was great . . (they also have a variety of spicy sauces they can bring you upon request i highly recommend it ) . . i also had the   Carnitas braised baby pig/pork rinds/ . spicy salsa verde cruda which was also good . . we also ordered the When Pigs Fly 4pc delicate steamed . buns/Chinese barbeque pork    very different soft and chewy also very filling if you dont have ur A game appetite save room for other more delicious things i cal htis one a tasty filler :) . . the  Langosta lobster/salsa Mexicana. arbol chile sauce was ahhhhmaaazing a must id say . . . the chips and the salsa were some of the best i have EVER had..... . the Lengua beef tongue/salsa pasilla was ok . . the Pomegranate Margarita was a lil too fruity for my taste . the Dan Dan Mian hand-cut wheat noodles/. spicy pork sauce/peanuts was great  . . . i will be back here maybe even this weekend vivaaa las vegas
I cannot believe China Poblano has such a low rating.  I have always loved Jose Andres and have never been disappointed by any of his restaurants.  China Poblano was no different and is now my favorite of all of his restaurants (I've previously been to Zatinya, Oyamel and Jaleo in DC).  I went in December of 2012 while staying at the Cosmopolitan.  It is a very casual place with a fun, relaxed vibe.  We ordered the Golden Pigs (lightly fried BBQ pork buns served with condensed milk) and Har Gau for appetizers.  My boyfriend was skeptical of the milk being served with the buns but they were delicious!  The perfect combination of sweet, savory and salty.  For our entrees we ordered one carnitas and one lengua taco which were both perfect in every way.  The waitstaff was quick and friendly, the food amazing and the prices extremely reasonable for Vegas.  I am returning to Vegas in July and this is the first place I am seeking out for lunch.  I would highly suggestion that every one give it a try.  You will not be let down.
I can't understand why this restaurant doesn't have more GREAT reviews; I'm thinking some people just do not get it. It is a treasure and something not to be missed when in Las Vegas, it is perfect for lunch. we loved the 20 Vegetable fried rice and the chilaquiles were our favorite. If you're looking for a bargain, China Poblano is not your place but if you appreciate delicious and innovative food, you will love it!
I love this place, really pricey but good, every once on a while.. Tacos are really traditional, as a Mexican u really appreciate that, i like barbacoa, carnitas tacos ,chilaquiles are awesome, be careful with the pan its really hot.. Gazpacho,  is fresh fruit love it !. Good service, definitely go back
We came here for lunch and loved it. Yelp had three stars but our experience was five. We had the guacamole (awesome!) carnitas and mole tacos. They also have a duck toungue taco called silencio. I laughed. I had a flight of tequila and enjoyed the sangrita, but the signature margarita with it's salt air was far better. Had a little kick, but it was awesome. At lunch on a Tuesday the service was quick and our server, Rich, was awesome.
So I will never get a chance to eat at elBulli and I have to live with that. China Poblano was awesome. Yes, it is very pricey for the portions you get. We ordered the Queso Fundido (yum), Dancing Eggplant (beautiful presentation, so tangy and lively though they kind of went overboard on the bonito flakes), 20 Vegetable Fried Rice (delicious) and Dan Dan Mian noodles (this was absolutely outstanding; spicy pork and peanut sauce, fresh delectable noodles). . . We had water to drink and our bill for the two of us was $55, but we left full.. . The service is okay. Not overly friendly and two waiters stood by our table and talked about how hard they work and what money they made through almost the entire meal.
The first time I ate at this place, I went back twice on the same day.  And now every time I'm in Vegas, I make sure to make the time to eat at this place at least once.  Two favorite items on the menu are their tuna ceviche and Dan Dan Mian.  Both are to die for.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about how delicious their food is.  An absolute 5 star experience.
I go to Vegas several times a year, have eaten at restaurants galore in this city (yay, expense account!) and this restaurant has become my standard go-to.  Mexican and Chinese street food both done well.. . I dream of the Pozole Rojo soup here.  Out-friggin-standing.  The broth is rich, a little spicy, with big, huge chunks of pork.  Alongside you get a plate with avocado, finely sliced cabbage and some pork rinds.  I cannot express my love for this soup.  It is my meal of choice in this city.
yes yes and yes. I have been CRAVING this place since eating here with my bf. It is astonishing to me that there are only 3 stars on the company profile. Jose Andres can do NO WRONG in my book.. Started our meals out with a few yummy cocktails. I got the Margarita with a "salt air topping" wow. I could have had 4 of these, but decided I actually wanted to remember my meal so i refrained. Its your typical Margarita with tequila and fresh lime juice and agave, but topped with a salt foam. Great presentation I may add.. We had no clue what to order so we ordered a few items to share. We had a friend join us so between 3 people, this is what we had. Ensalada Gaspacho Estilo De Morelia; an amazing salad consisting of pineapple, dragonfruit, mango, jicama, queso fresco, and a  chile pequin . Tuna Ceviche minus the pecans . Cctel De Camarones; =shrimp, jumbo lump crab meat, tomato, and diced avocado . Shrimp Mojo shrimp in a sweet black garlic sauce with roasted poblano peppers . . ....and the best thing ive ever eaten. . 20 vegetable with friend rice. OMG. this is a vegan dream with so many different veggies all grilled served over rice that seriously melted in my mouth. I cant wait to go back to this restaurant and have 2 orders of this.... . This restaurant has a very interesting concept. Asian Fusion meets Mexican. I really enjoyed these two combined. The service was impeccable, I wish I could remember my servers name but he was so awesome. With so many restaurants in the Cosmo to choose from, I highly recommend trying this place.
This is an unusual and innovative restaurant. Their drinks are literally "out of this world." The food is solid and competent. The staff is helpful and friendly. Those of you who love a blend of vastly different food will love this venue.
I am always amazed with this restaurant.  This time I ordered from the Weekly Specials menu because there was an item I've seen before and heard about before but, had not tried, and it is only on this menu on occasion. I believe it was added to the Specials menu because it is a traditional Mexican treat that is designed with the colors of the Mexican flag, which are green red and white.  Mexican Independence Day is this week.. . It's the Chiles en Nogada!  . . The dish consists of a poblano chili stuffed with a "picadillo," which is usually meat spice and fruit.  In this case, it was pork.  the whole thing is covered with a creamy walnut sauce and topped with pomegranate seeds!  It was the best meal I've had all week!
I've had nothing but great experiences the few times I've eaten here. The Chinese and Mexican food have been tasty and I have never left unsatisfied. . . The fact that you can get so many flavors and dishes in one sitting is awesome. Drinks have been amazing too and this place has been nothing short of an adventure each visit. Thanks for the hard work you put into every dish and can't wait to visit again.
Definitely unlike anything I've ever had before. My roommate works here & I'm glad she knew exactly what to order! There was a lot of good looking things on the menu! I can't wait to go back!
Great food and service. They're clearly branding themselves as not being a fusion restaurant, but a restaurant that serves Mexican and Chinese dishes, of which the flavors compliment each other. It's not your typical sit down restaurant and that's fine with me. We had duck tongue tacos, carnitas tacos, fried rice, dan dan noodles, and some pork pot stickers. The pot stickers were very juicy inside and crispy outside, but the flavor was nothing special. Everything else was exceptional. Also ask for the hot sauce. It was a nice touch.
The only thing bad about this place is the price.  I have no clue why they get only 3 stars.  This place politely served my wife and I the best brunch we have ever had.  I mean PERFECTLY poached quail eggs nesting on exquisite dumplings . . . . um yeah . . . I want some more!. . Their cocktails were phenomenal and way out-of-the-box!  Matcha tea in a cocktail, and it's amazing . . . this place gots it going on!!!
