This buffet is a step up compare to Wynn's buffet! Bellagio has the beautiful desserts and different selections of food like Wynn but it is more delicious! Make Bellagio your last buffet in Vegas! Because you know what they say, save the best for last. And this is definitely the best ever! :)
Careful, this might be the Lotus Casino...if you come here you might as well stay all day.  There is something for everyone and lots of it.  Very attentive staff.  However, if there was a line, I wouldn't wait - but I can't think of a restaurant that I would wait in line for!
amazing. . best buffet i have ever had. . so happy when i left. . i tried so many new and wonderful things. . defiantly will be coming back. . they have a very good variety and. great service. . really good options. . and really cool dessert set up.
Waiting an hour to eat brunch SUCKS.  But let me tell you, once you're in, it's well worth the wait.. . This buffet has EVERYTHING.  From sushi to snow crab to pizza to prime rib.  It's all delicious too.  Nothing is dry, bland, or overcooked.. . With that said, it's expensive so fast the day before and pace yourself when you eat to maximize your food intake.
SOOOOOOOOOOOO good! Best buffet in Vegas! Compared to the other buffets, Bellagio's price was not that pricey. It was 64 for both my bf and I for dinner. I LOVED this place! There was a HUGE selection of food to choose from. I had just about everything LOL jk, but I did go up about 3-4 times:) I've never been to a buffet with such a big variety comin' from different cultures. If you're in Vegas, please give this place a try because you will NOT be disappointed!!! :). . . YUM!!
Two words:  SEA BASS!. . If you eat nothing but Sea Bass, like I did, you'll not only satisfy your palate but you certainly got your money's worth!!!  I believe they only serve it during dinner though, but it's worth the wait!  You know that saying, "It melts in your mouth like butter?"  "It" is their Sea Bass. . . The offerings at the Bellagio Buffet have always been solid.  Upscale but not overly pretentious.. . My biggest tip:  Skip your ordinary food, such as the Orange Chicken and go for the higher end food.  This is the Bellagio Buffet, you can get your Orange Chicken fix at Panda Express anytime!
Best buffet in town, hands down. I saw things here that I didn't see at other buffets. Definitely a great place to go.
Date of Visit: 1/17/11. . Reason: because i was fridgen hungry!!! . . Wow factor: the Ahi and Salmon poke! Made me feel closer to home.. . What did I have?. . 1. Ahi and Salmon Poke: it was good considering we were 6,000 miles away from home.  It is comparable to a typical shoyu poke without the onions and had a little more spice to it.. . 2. Prime Rib: the first buffet that actually gives you a true slice of prime rib...i'm not sure how many ounces it was but the piece they gave me was huge!!!  It was nice and moist and my favorite part about it was that it had a good amount of fat to it. =). . 3. Alaskan King Crab legs and Snow Crab legs:  i suggest you just eat the King Crab legs because they are larger and have more meat in it.  They are all already half cut so they are easy to eat.  Don't forget to grab a bowl of hot butter.. . 4. Shrimp cocktail:  i always end up getting too much shrimp because they look sooo good.  . . 5. Mussels:  not sure what kind of mussels but it was cooked in some type of red sauce which was pretty good.  If you could just add pasta to it, it would make a good mussell pasta.. . 6. Steamed Sea Bass: if you're a fan of bass, this would be a good dish for you because it's steamed to the finest texture.. . 7. Special Roll Sushi: It's just a vegetable roll wrapped with Ahi (Tuna) on top of it.  I would call it a poor man's rainbow sushi.  Good enough for a buffet.. . 8.  Ahi and Salmon roll: there are your normal strip of ahi and salmon on top of rice.  Remember to grab some wasabi and soy sauce.. . 9. Desserts: can't remember what I tried, but they had a wide variety of desserts.  I always end up getting the vanilla ice cream topped with nuts and caramel and fudge sauce...mmmmmmhmmmmm. . There were a lot more dishes that I didn't name here that were available, the full menu should be available on the Bellagio website.. . The plus that I liked about this buffet was that before paying for the buffet, the waitresses allow you to enter the buffet area to check out the food before you pay.  . . Hope this helps and Enjoy!!!
Can you say yum?  Probably one of the best buffets I've ever been to.  Save a bit of money by lining up right before lunch ends to save money and still get food they serve for lunch and dinner.. . Amazing desserts.  Crab great (but needed to be a bit defrosted the last time I went).. . Worth the trip and the money for sure.
Effing awesome! Worth the wait in line if you have friends to eff around with.. . Go hungry so you can eat all of the seafood. Many different kinds of fish to choose from.. . Been to a couple different buffets in Vegas and this one has been the best so far.. . Been here twice for the champagne brunch andthey are really good about refilling your glass.
One of the best buffets in Las Vegas! Big selection, high quality food, lots of seafood, clean, good service, and their coffee is the best I ever had. . . The only problem I can think of with this buffet is that there is always a long line no matter what time of day (probably not so much on weekdays). But it's well worth the wait and the price I must say.
After so many years, this is still the best Vegas buffet!  It's ~$35 per person for weekend dinner, but I think it's definitely worth it.  They have both Snow Crab AND Alaskan King Crab legs that are already pre-cracked for.  Their selection of red meat is also much better than the other buffets, including Kalbi-marinated Ostrich, Prime Rib, Quail, Pork Loin and more.  And don't forget to leave room for a plate or two of desserts.  All the mini-sized desserts are delicious and just the right portion for when your stomach is starting to run low on space.  Be sure to get there around 5:30-6pm as the line does start to build up later on.
After tax, expect to be shelling out nearly $40, but it is well worth it. Plan on starving yourself all day before the dinner buffet, otherwise you'll regret not eating the extra 6 pounds of Alaskan king crab legs you could have shoved down your gullet otherwise. Everything I had was great, especially the kobe steak, porterhouse steak, lamb shanks, ahi nigiri, and beef bourguignon, beef wellington. Which leads me to my next bit of advise: if you go to this buffet, be a carnivore. It is probably not worth it if you are a vegetarian or vegan. Oh, don't fill up on carbs or salad here, but that should be obvious to any seasoned face-stuffer.
Came here with the boyfriend for dinner on a Saturday. The line was pretty long but we got seated fairly quick. Food was great. Of course, the highlight of the meal was the crab legs. Sweet, juicy, tender and succulent - just how crab should be. The lamb chops, Kobe top sirloin, prime rib, and beef wellington were also pretty good. For dessert, the creme brule and macarons were to die for. I fell in love with macarons after our dinner here. We were on a time crunch to catch the Jabbawockeez so we didnt get to stay here for too long. Definite must go-to spot if you have a big appetite while  in Vegas. Skip the buffet at Wynn and go here. We tried both buffets and Bellagio's is definitely better! Bigger, better selection of food and our service was outstanding. I loved our server. Very attentive, and has the eyes of a hawk. She refilled our drinks before they were even half empty. Thanks!
the BEST buffet on the Strip, hands down!  . . the buffet is spread with tons of seafood, sushi, different types of meat, salads, sides, bread, soup, and more!  they even had venison when i was here 3 years ago!  the food is always fresh and very delicious..  . there`s also a huge section dedicated just to desserts! om nom nom nom  xD. . i always have to eat here whenever i`m in Vegas!
It's been about three years since I had the Sunday brunch buffet here, and I still dream about it!. . That hazelnut french toast with chocolate almost put me in a sweet food coma.
BEST BUFFET IN THE WORLD HANDS DOWN!. . If you are in Vegas this is a must go to buffet. If the line looks long suck it up and wait. When I went the line went out to the casino but we only waited about 20/25 min which isn't that bad. The price surprisingly isn't as high as I thought it would be the first time I went. I think dinner was $32 sun-thurs and $39 for fri/sat for "gourmet dinner". I highly suggest going on fri/sat since the selection was amazing. . . Highlights of the buffet:. -prime rib. -kobe beef. A LOT OF PASTAS. -endless crab legs, sashimi, sushi. -and bombass desserts
SOOO good.. . We went for lunch and dinner! The dinner wasn't all that much better than lunch but it was more than double the price!. . The selection of everything was amazing, prime rib, crab legs,beef wellington, lobster ravioli's, new york steak, all the best of everything! On top of the amazing food the dessert section was DIVINE. They had like 25 of the cutest mini desserts and literally all of them were amazing! . . I picked up a tiny bit of almost everything and took just one bite of each thing, there was not ONE thing I didn't like!. . I really recommend coming for lunch and not spending so much, the other perk is, you'll be so full that you won't need to eat again for the rest of the day! :]
This is the best buffet I've ever experienced. So much food, and so little of a stomach to fill. All the amazing desserts, and many sugar-free. I can't describe how delicious everything was. I think it was worth the price to eat that many yummy things.
Went here for the dinner buffet. Ate only the seafood items which were delicious. Salmon, bluefin, shrimp, crablegs. Also had watermelon. Good Value for the money if you stick with the seafood. Can't comment on other items since I was stuffed after two full plates of nothing but seafood items. The desserts looked good tho!
I never miss coming to this buffet every time I visit Vegas. Among the 6 or 7 buffets I tried, the buffet at Bellagio remain to be my all time favorites! . . What I love about this buffet is varieties, varieties, varieties! Not just varieties, but the food are in good qualities and most importantly freshness of the food they served. . The yummy dessert they served is always the added bonus!. . I get this place a "Go," it doe get pricy so best time to come is lunch in my opinion!
The food was great. Tons of seafood and high quality dishes. The champagne kept flowing and the service was great. My favorite Vegas buffet. Worth every penny.
Awesome experience! . . Food: Everything we had was great, very fresh tasting and huge selection.. . Service: Outstanding. We had a fabulous experience here, I asked a question about one of the dishes (I can't have gluten), and the cook evidently told the head chef, you then came out, found me and took me through every station explaining what I could and could not have. . . Cost: In terms of a champagne brunch, extremely well priced (was about half of what another champagne brunch was that was nowhere near as good).. . We will definitely come back the next time we're in Vegas!
Very delicious!  had to wait half and hour before we could be seated.  It was just too popular.  In my opinion, The Buffet at Bellagio is better than Wynn's because the food was more fresh.  Just to highlight some food there: crab legs, kobe steak, rack of lamb, an awesome desert selection; however, sushi sucks.   Despite it being busy, my drink was always refilled and plates taken away.
I'm all about maximizing--getting the most deliciousness for my buck, so when it comes to buffets I try to stick to giant servings of seafood with some red meat and dessert on the side. Bellagio buffet is awesome and I leave in a happy food coma every time. Here's the scoop:. . Cost: Lunch (till 4pm) is $25 plus tip so $27, Dinner is $37 so around $40 with tip. On the weekends, unlimited champagne is an extra $5. For parties 8 and over they charge automatic 18% gratuity.. . Service: Service was nice and friendly, as expected, nothing spectacular.. . Food: Come for the food--there is almost limitless variety. My favorites include the shrimp cocktail, crab legs (use lemon from the shrimp cocktail area since there's no sauce), salmon and ahi poke, and the CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES. Basically, come for dinner (since out of my top four, only shrimp cocktail is available at lunch). I'm obsessed with the strawberries covered with milk/white chocolate swirl. The other dessert options are good too--anything with chocolate is basically a winner and the bananas foster are great. The fruit tart is meh. They also have a good pre-made salad section and basically any kind of meat you can think of: prime rib, lamb, quail, turkey, pork belly, etc. Also, the sashimi at dinner is fresh and delicious, only california rolls at lunch. . . This may be one of the pricier buffets in Vegas, but I think it definitely delivers.
My friend was in town this past weekend and we decided to hit up the brunch buffet at the Bellagio on Sunday afternoon.  The only other buffet I've been to in Vegas is the one at the Rio and I would rate both the food and the service at the Bellagio significantly higher.  I know the Wynn buffet is supposed to be awesome as well, but I haven't experience that one yet.. . Wait:  We got there a little after 11:30 am and were seated by 12:45.  If you get there earlier, the wait would probably be shorter.. . Price: We paid $30 for the brunch buffet, plus $5 for unlimited champagne.  That sounds pricey at first glance, but in my opinion it was totally worth it for the quality of the food and the quantity we ended up eating.  Also, $5 for unlimited champagne in Vegas is as good of a deal as you're going to get.. . Service:  Very impressive for a buffet.  Water, coffee, and champagne were refilled promptly.  Our server did forget my friend's coffee request towards the end of the meal, but she eventually remembered and that was the only small issue.  I was pleasantly surprised with how attentive our server was.. . Food:  Very good for a buffet.  My friend and I came prepared and attacked the buffet with a plan.  We broke it down into breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert courses.  We were there for about 3 hours.  In retrospect this was pretty disgusting, but whatever.  I'm going to try to remember what I ate.... Breakfast round:. - Eggs benedict: Awesome.  The egg was perfectly cooked, and the hollandaise sauce was the perfect balance of buttery and lemon-y.. - Bagel and lox: Always a good choice for brunch.  Their bagels weren't the freshest of bagels, but they were good.  The smoked salmon was lovely, and there were all the fixing you could ever want: tomatoes, red onion, capers, cream cheese.. - Breakfast sausage:  A little dry, but tasty.. . Lunch round:. - Chicken biryani: Very good.  Awesome flavor, although it could have been spicier.  Chicken was very tender.. - Spicy tuna cones:  Delicious!  A must-try.  Kind of a deconstructed spicy tuna roll, with tuna, rice, cucumber, etc, wrapped in a sushi wrap, but in a cone instead of a roll (resulting in much more tuna fitting in a single serving).  So so good.. . Dinner round:. - Lamb: Very flavorful and tender.  And they had an interesting mint jelly sauce that I loved, although I don't remember what was in it.. - Spicy Thai beef:  I remember it being spicy, but that's really all I remember.. . Dessert round:. - Bread pudding:  Incredible.  I may be biased because I love bread pudding and I haven't had it in so long, but this bread pudding was awesome.  Creamy texture, light flavor.. - Mini Key Lime Tartes:  Also very good, although not the best key lime I've had.. - Mini Chocolate Mousse Cakes:  Awesome. Super chocolately with a nice fluffy texture.. . I know I'm forgetting a significant amount of the food I tried, but these are the things that stuck out in my mind.. . Highly recommend!
So good! I can't believe it took me so long to try this buffet!. . Almost everything was delicious! From the salads, soups, meat, side dishes, to the desserts. Amazing! I could've sat there all day eating. What I thought was most unique food they have was the quail and pesto mash potatoes! The quail was a little dry though. They have kobe beef, vietnamese spring rolls, and a variety of sushi rolls here as well. The desserts are amazing!. . Definitely coming back!
Great buffet! One of the best in Vegas. Huge selection of foods for lunch ( about $22) and dinner ( about $ 40) We walked out having gained almost 10 lbs. My ultimate favorite was dessert. Various cakes and sweets were available. From carrot cake to bananas foster. If you love red meat make sure to come for dinner. Endless prime rib, lamb, Kobe beef etc. Sushi selections were numerous. Would definitely eat here again.
Man this place is crazy good. Hella worth the 1hr wait too! Wide selections, prime rib was great and the lamb was good too. I liked sushi section because they has really good ahi poke. Fsure on top of my buffet list.
FABULOUS!  What a tremendous selection - - the shrimp were absolutely heavenly.  As were the desserts.  And the sushi, and the pesto mashed potatoes, and the asparagus, OMG, and everything else.
some of the best pizza I've ever had came from a buffet.....i couldn't believe it either lol
I don't know who is paying $40 a person, who had dry turkey, or whatever, but I just went there less than a week ago and I paid $20ish for my lunch and it was AMAZING! They had everything from terriyaki flank steak (sooo tender!) to pesto mashed potatoes, to sweet potatoes with some kind of fruit juice (pineapple juice maybe? very creative and unique! and yummy!!) to pesto mozzarella balls with walnuts and cranberries... there was sushi, crab legs, fresh chilled shrimp, mushroom ravioli with truffle cream sauce... it was amazing.  The cheesecake was the best cheesecake I've ever had.  They had a crunchy coffee tiramisu dessert thing that was phenomenal.  It was all wonderful.  The coffee, even, was delicious.  I was very, very happy with my experience there and will DEFINITELY be going back on my next visit to Vegas.  I loved it!  Oh, I probably wouldn't go there for brunch on Sunday because it is $40 or $50 bucks and I think one of the reasons I'm so happy about my experience is because the food was incredible and $20! Which is pretty close in rate to the other buffets in town (some of which should be ashamed of themselves!).
I'd say this buffet would be on one of my top 10's. Everything i tried was really good! Lets start with sea food civiche(good), lobster raviolli(good), sea bass(Mmmmm! Good), kobe beef(good), prime rib(good), seafood tartar(good) & desserts(lots to choose from)! I wanted to eat more.  All together, i'd say it was really worth eating here when you come to vegas. Gourmet food all around that you end up skipping the chinese food.
Absolutely the best buffet in Las Vegas. Yes, better then Wynn. IMO at least. Arrived on a Saturday around 12PM, the wait was about 30 minutes from the end of the line to the time we were seated. All the food items were seasoned perfectly. I feasted on pizza, sushi, pasta, bacon, and cookies. I was craving a potato dish, but didn't find one to my liking. . . The lines were a bit long for the omelet station, I didn't want to wait. Well let me rephrase, I was waiting and the women in front, a older-older woman was havingdifficulty selecting her ingredients (perhaps because of her eyesight) so a nice patron was telling her what the ingredients were and it was still hard for her to listen. I left shortly after that :/ I hope she enjoyed her omelet!. . Will I be back? Hell yes! I love getting my grub on!. . P.s. I didn't eat again till 8:30 PM that night, and it was spinach and fish balls. Well worth the $25!
Oh, look at this, Oh wow look at that, Where do I start. Do I start at the delicious soups, miso, egg drop, chicken noodle,tomato basil,corn chowder,clam chowder. or maybe the salads, Oh wait, look, marinated olives, cheese balls in a basil pesto sauce, pasta salads. Man, look at the size of those shrimps. wherever you start at this buffet, you will not be able to end because of the many selections and gourmet entrees. Food that will satisfy and tempt your taste buds. Did I mention the sushi selections? There might be better buffets in lost wages but I have yet to find one any better than The Buffet at Bellagios.
Top notch buffet.  Fairly expensive but not much more so that other less deserving offerings.  The breakfast buffet could hardly be improved upon, but go only weekdays.  On weekends and holidays, it is a brunch and considerably more expensive.  The dinner buffet is good anytime, but is very very good on weekends and holidays, when it is $37 ($30 weekdays), but has a dozen additional premium offerings, such as grilled quail, beef wellington, Chinese style ribs, lobster ravioli, etc.  On special holidays, it even gets better (Christmas goose, for example).  Lines are very long on holidays and sometimes on weekends -- I've seen 3+ hour waits.  If you are a casino guest, you get a line pass, but otherwise try off hours (early for breakfast or dinner is best).
I would have to say this is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas. The food is all gourmet. The wait can be a bit long at times would be the only downfall.
This one is my FAVORITE Vegas buffet! I've been twice now and I am always stunned by how much I MUST put down. It is delicious and I would feel cheated if I didn't try a bit of everything and then go back for seconds and thirds of my favorites! Huge variety, high quality, LOVE that the crab legs are already cut in half for you so you just have to fork it out, great ambiance... very classy. I am proud to say I made the walk of shame out the door when I was done.
This is the grand daddy of them all.  I love this place.  Beef wellington in a buffet selection??!  Gordon Ramsey is probably mad about that but oh well...Food here was ridiculous!  AMAZING.  Hot/cold entrees were awesome, and the dessert selection was top notch.  They even had a cheese spread (no pun intended).  If you are planning to come here make sure  you really make room because you will regret paying over $30 and not try everything this place has to offer!  Happy eating :)
If you are on a diet or are ready to totally pig out , this is the place to go! My husband and I make it a point to eat here on every visit to Vegas. There is an amazing selection of food, from salad to pasta to wild boar ribs to their amazing desserts. I love the selection of cheeses, breads, soups, salads and dressings. There is always something that I have never tried before and I have yet to eat something from this buffet that I didn't like. I'm not big on sushi, but I have to admit the sushi here is incredible. I love their pesto mashed potatoes. The chocolate desserts are heavenly. It's a clean buffet and the food does not run low. Their Sunday champagne brunch is the best I've ever had. It's a bit pricey but very much worth it.
THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS... HANDS DOWN!!!!. . For $29.95 per person, it's a complete WIN! No, not WYNN... but WIN!!!!!!!!!! Even on a weeknight, there's a line for dinner. This place NEVER seizes to amaze me. I could eat here everyday and I'd still never be bored or sick of the food. Here, you have BOTH QUALITY AND QUANTITY! The best of the best! I mean, they were featured on the Travel Channel for being one of the BEST BUFFETS in the WORLD! OMG! If you're planning on coming here, be prepared to stand in line. For dinner, it's usually at least 45 min depending how early/late you eat dinner. Even from the line, you could smell the aroma of all the yummy foods! . . My boyfriend and I ate here recently and we were there for a good 2 hours... AT LEAST!!! Yup, we were eating THE WHOLE TIME! First, we started with the crab. Here, they have BOTH snow and KING Crab. The snow crab is located on the left side of the buffet, near the sushi island. The king crab is on the other side of the buffet, where the salad and fruits are. What's great about this place is that they'll reheat/resteam the crab for you if you'd like. All you have to do is stand in front of the area where you order a seafood crepe and ask them to reheat it for you. They'll boil some water, put your plate of crab legs in, and give you a nice HOT plate of crab legs. That's the BEST! . . Sushi, here, is good! They have sashimi and nigiri and the yummy seaweed salad. This buffet also has different kinds of cooked fish like salmon, sea bass, etc. There's an asian selection of foods included pork steamed buns, thai inspired pan fried noodles, fried rice, chinese broccoli with garlic, and other stuff. They have a variety of soups like corn chowder, chicken noodle soup, miso soup, chili, etc. They have a salad, bread, fruit section. They also have a gourmet pizza section. OMG! I absolutely LOVE their pesto and shrimp pizza. IT'S DELISH! Their margherita pizza's good, too! They also have the section devoted for the carnivores! Prime rib, lamb, chicken, and turkey are always waiting on the cutting boards with their juices oozing out. Their mashed potatoes are yummy. They have sauteed mushrooms, pastas (like ravioli, spaghetti, tortellini), and cocktail shrimp. . . The dessert area is awesome. They have bread pudding, bananas foster, sorbet, ice cream, creme brulee, tiramisu, cheesecake, carrot cake, flan, and so on and so forth. . . All in all, this is where I think you get your money's worth for a buffet. The staff are always super friendly and the atmosphere is just so relaxing. The decor is pretty, and the food is always fresh!
The trick to Vegas buffets is to go mid-day and make it your only major meal for the day.  (Eat something small around noon.). . At $20for lunch, the Bellagio buffet is a steal.  Much more reasonable than the Wynn's $40.  . . I ate:. -Pesto mashed potatoes. -mussels. -Heirloom tomatoes and mozerella salad. -shanghai-style noodles. -vietnamese spring roll . -spicy tuna hand roll. -miso soup . -udon salad . -smoked salmon . -amazing spinach salad . -shrimp cocktail. -mushrooms . -pasta. -ravioli. -corn. -polenta . -sweet potatoes. - caramel flan . -chocolate cake . . The variety was pretty good.  They didn't have Indian food, which the Wynn had, but everything tasted great.  The vegetarian options were excellent.  What a great deal AND meal!
Compared to any other buffet I've been too, this one is at the top.  We went on a Thursday so it was $29 a person.    What a deal!  I had about $50 worth of Alaskan King Crab Legs!  All pre-cut and all fresh.  It was great.  The sushi was terrific.  The service good.  etc.  I would definately recommend.
Amazing buffet. I can think of only one other five star buffet (Boma at DisneyWorld), but this one easily earns its five stars. Go at the cusp between meals (like 10ish between breakfast or 4ish between lunch and dinner) and you can sample more things. If you have the room. The food quality here is top notch. Several good sushi options, great pasta dishes like mushroom ravioli, kobe beef tenderloin, prime rib, squab, great gravies, and all kinds of other stuff. From the simple cheese and fruit to the well-crafted fancy desserts, this place does it right. This is a must visit when in Vegas.
OMG, awesome buffet! So many choices of dessert!! I love the grits and the mashed sweet potato. The line wasn't long because I got there around 4ish. The price you pay does pay off, so go hungry, chill and digest. . . They have a sushi area, salad area, italian, chinese, dessert. Many choices to choose from and they have a bunch of variety of fish dish. The salad area has a lot of fresh veggies and fruits, which is a PLUS. . . The place is a bit hidden, or maybe I just had a hard time finding, but once 5pm or 6pm comes round, you'll see a long line.
We saw Bellagio buffet on a food show special and it became the catalyst for our trip to Vegas.  My husband grew up in Japan and was very excited to find some native dishes on the buffet.  Several things he tasted he said were the best he's ever had.  There's something to please everyone. Everyone was raving about the mushroom ravioli.  I really enjoyed all the pastas and was happy with the dessert selection.  . . My only complaint is that our server couldn't be bothered to bring us any drink refills.
We went here for Sunday brunch and YUM! It was pricey but worth every penny. The service was great, the atmosphere was beautiful. What I liked best about the service is that we showed up dressed pretty casual and we were still treated really well.. They had quite a few different stations and a lot of variety. Trust me on this Sunday Brunch... you won't be disappointed!
I came here in mid April with friends and I was extremely impressed with both the food as well as the service.  . . I had two challenges coming into this--I am a picky eater and I had given up bread and sweets for Lent. I was worried about having enough options since I usually don't care for buffets, but figured that if I had a mimosa at all times, everything would be okay.  . . This ended up being my favorite buffet of all time.  Laura, our server was AWESOME.  She was very friendly and made sure that our glasses were always topped off.  She filled my glass so many times that I started to suspect that she was trying to take advantage of me.. . Some of the highlights for me were the pesto mashed potatoes and the pineapple fried rice.  I had many other things that I can't think of at the moment that were also yummy.  I couldn't have the waffles, but my boyfriend and friends loved them.  I think the desserts were a mixed bag in speaking with my group.  There's always soft-serve if all else fails.. . I agree with everyone who said that this is MUCH BETTER than the Wynn.  The Wynn is very overrated and overpriced.  I was surprised that this buffet was as cheap as it is.  I would have gladly paid more.. . Will DEFINITELY return on my next visit to Vegas.
I think this would have to be my all time favorite buffet as of now. i don't care if i have to undo the button of my jeans while i'm eating..IT'S THAT GOOD..and it's cheap too (sun-thur is around 30 bucks, and 37 on fri-sat for dinner). i'll provide a more detailed review after my next visit --which will be coming up (YES!). . things that i remember were awesome right off the top of my head:. pesto tortellini. sea bass. mushrooms and asparagus ( yes, i actually don't know why but for some reason the mushrooms and asparagus were freaking good! i ate 4 plates of them). my sis said the beef tartare was great and the sushi selection was pretty fresh. i never got to the beef tartare though (boo) since they were always out every time i went up to get them
Everything was amazing. Not even 5 min after my husband and I got in line, the bartender called us over and let us sit at the bar bypassing the huge line that would have taken at least one hour.
Awesome buffet, crab legs and chocolate eclairs are the tits.
Came here last week it was soo amazing!!! Go on gourmet night-friday Saturday for king crab and rack of Lamb it's worth it. . . What I like the most is the shrimp cocktail which is juicy and flavorful!!! Sooo good I ate a whole plate. ALL the foods served r high quality and something that you'd pay big bucks for if u ate it alone at a nice restaurant. I sat for two hours just eating and eating.. . The dessert is also amazing they have good huge chocolate dipped strawberries and creamy cheesecake. . . Our server was a sweet man who went out of his way to make us feel comfortable. We noticed some tables left only two dollar tips...uh wtf u cheap asses. You're supposed to leave at least 15%. Even if it's a buffet the service is amazing so ppl should really not be cheap. It costs 37 to get in so obviously u can't be that poor if ure willing to spend that much on urself to not leave a decent tip. So rude!. . What I hate about buffets though is that ppl cut u in line and go all crazy!! Seriously this is a buffet and the food is going to keep coming. Calm down! I literally got man handled by an old lady while getting pasta wtf. . Done w the ranting but yes come here when ur in Vegas it's soooo good!
My absolute favorite buffet in Las Vegas. I really like the variety of food options here from the two different types of crab legs, to prime rib, to mac n' cheese, there's something here for everyone. I also love the fact that they serve rack of lamb here as I adore lamb very much. At the heart of it all this is still a buffet; albeit an expensive one, but one of the better buffets that I can spend my money on. Service is really consistent and my drinks are refilled at a very quick pace. It's one of the larger buffets in Vegas, and one that is really clean. Bonus points to having bathrooms in the buffet.. . Overall, there isn't much more to say that hasn't been said already. I guess I'll say that if you have to pick a buffet, come here!!!
FAVE BUFFET PLACE EVAAAAAAAAAR! the line was worth the wait. brunch is AWESOME! friends and i got so full we napped the rest of the day haha. Great variety of meats and desserts. Drink glasses were always refilled and our group sat separately to avoid the gratuity % haha. Definitely worth your $$$
The best buffet I've been to ever! There was a long wait and even at$32 bucks a person for brunch, it was well worth it. There was crab and prime rib, and sushi, and all sorts of good foods. I'm not a big buffet person but all the food was hot and not dried out. The servers are attentive.  I suppose we'll always stop through the next time when you're in town.
In a word - AMAZING!  Simply the most delicious food I have ever eaten at a buffet.  I recommend anyone visiting Las Vegas to dedicate at least one day to a Bellagio buffet followed by Cirque De Soliel - O. You will not be disappointed!
So far, this is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas...it's consistently great.. . The menu items do change daily and also change for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  While they didn't have one of my favorite items this time (Chinese food - sweet and sour chicken), they did have a new item I hadn't had before - a Teriyaki Grilled Beef - amazingly good...the teriyaki wasn't actually too strong, it added just enough flavor to really make the beef flavor stand-out and the grilled flavor was perfect...it tasted like the summer!. . The best deal is to some here during the week since it's much less expensive and less crowded as well.
One thing we always enjoy in Vegas was the buffet at the Bellagio.  This is the place to get the best buffet in town!!!  I never had any bad day with them.  . . I love enjoying the food and the selections that they have.
huge~!!!. best buffet ever~!
Bring out the stretchy pants!!! . I love seafood! Loved their salmon and tuna poke. King crab legs that they will steam for you. SEA BASS was Badass. Grilled veggies. Shrimp fajitias!!! I didn't get to sample everything but we went there two nights in a row and I stuck to my favs. Had the banana cake and chocolate covered strawberries. Tasted a few other deserts but wasn't worth a second bite. Creme brule  was also good.
I make excuses to come here.. Birthday, anniversary,mother's day. I've only been three times due to price, which is another reason it's reserved for special occasions. It is however the best buffet I have ever been to.. Best move:. Gourmet night. Kobe beef sliders one night, venison sliders another night. Beef wellington is absolutely sinful, I went back twice. Nice variety of sushi and acompannying accessories. Fun with seafood-shrimp, crab legs, ceviche. Huge dessert bar.. Icing on the cake:. They served me after dinner coffee.. Lord.. Know how to win me over.. On Saturday, I will be trying Wicked Spoon at Cosmo to see how it stacks up!. Oh ya, and there's a full bar right when you walk in the seating area.
While staying in the hotel, I ate at the buffet twice.  Everything was excellent.  I particularly was fond of the prime rib.  The selection of pizza was also very good.  For an extra 5 bucks endless mimosas!! They also had a chocolate filled eclair that was to die for!
As far as buffets it is the best I've been too for the price.  Great selection! The quality isn't what it used to be but understandably so with the costs to do business increasing the past year!  We go every visit to Vegas!!
This place was made for fatties like me :) God knows why we decided to go here before XS, but I was trying reaaaally hard not to eat too much so I wouldn't look like a stuffed sausage at the club. Impossible. They have EVERYTHING and it all tastes marvelous. . . When I was first told that we would be paying $40 for a buffet, I was adamant about going somewhere else, but it was worth it. We waited on a long line to get in, and once we were in there, phew...at least my dress wasn't too tight. . . Besides tasting good, the food is presented beautifully. I like pretty food :) I'll definitely go back on my next Vegas trip.
Arrived for breakfast and was happy with what I saw however nothing was super excellent. The french toast was nothing special, the waffle was as hard as a rock, the pancake was ok. Luckily we arrived late enough that 1/2 way through the meal lunch was getting served and that food was awesome!. I wish I had a bigger stomach for times like this, it was all very good and there were quite a few things that I was unable to try.
Ate here for lunch. Extensive offerings. Didn't eat anything that was less than above average. One of the few buffets I've had that I could classify as "under-priced" compared to other Strip options.
Food is of great quality for a buffet and worth the money. Beef wellington on fridays and saturdays as part of their gourmet dinner buffet. One of the best on the strip. . Went back and will be back..  since its a surprise to so many crab legs are chilled on ice noopens @ 4. And the line gets long around 530 to 6
Another one of my favorite buffets!. . Can't go wrong with anything in Bellagio. I leave this place happy and satisfied every time.
Best buffet in Vegas in my opinion. If there is a long line sit at the bar usually there are seats available.
Hands down the best buffet I have ever been to.. . I came to Vegas with two buddies who had never been. One insisted that we go to The Buffet at The Bellagio. I wasn't even all that hungry after snacking all day long, but we went anyway.. . We arrived at about 7:25 on a Wednesday night, and had to wait in line for 45 minutes. I don't like waiting that long for food, especially when there are so many other options around. But it was worth the wait. And the $32.. . After we'd been seated, we went to get some food. The table had a drink menu, which we ignored, but did order some Diet Coke. Apparently soda is included in the buffet price. My first plate included kobe beef, lamb, asparagus, chicken sope, chicken noodle soup, bread roll, pretzel roll, and sourdough bread. The lamb and beef were so-so, probably had been sitting out too long. But everything else was amazing. The asparagus was a little buttery and easy to chew. The chicken in the sope was tasty, the salsa spicy, the tortilla soft but not too soft.  . . Plate 2: beef sope, Thai spicy beef, fried noodles, pineapple fried rice, barbecue chicken pizza, more bread. The fried rice did not taste good, but again, everything else was amazing. The BBQ chicken pizza, in particular, was the best I've ever had.. . Plate 3: more Thai beef and noodles, more pizza, more bread, turkey with gravy, pork buns. The turkey was pretty average turkey, and the buns were getting a little hard. . . Dessert: I pretty much had no room left, but had to try the dessert anyway. Sadly, most of the chocolate desserts were gone. I had a square of cheesecake, some raspberry sorbet, chocolate ice cream, and watermelon. The cheesecake was that kind with two layers (in addition to the crust), which isn't my favorite, but was tasty, regardless. The sorbet was too sweet, but the chocolate icecream was great.. . My stomach hurt as we left. But it was worth it. My friend told me that he can't wait for someone to get married so we can have a bachelor party in Vegas. Just to go to the buffet again.. . Also to note: you pay ahead of time and can include tip then. I'm typically against this, but go ahead. The servers are friendly and efficient. I suppose you could leave some cash on the table after you eat if you want as well.. . The buffet also has sushi, seafood, salad, and all kinds of other food that I either don't eat or didn't have room for.
There is reason this is the most popular Sunday brunch in Vegas,   Do not let the long line intimidate you, it moves fast.
I came here Memorial Day Weekend 2011 with four of my friends. We were actually en route back to San Diego and wanted some food at In N Out but the line was so ridiculous we decided to trail back and eat at The Buffet at Bellagio. Best decision I have ever made.. . The line was a bit over two hours and we made it just in time to not have to pay the dinner price. . . The best part of the buffet must have been the desserts for me. Their wannabe Asian cuisine was not cutting it... but wait the fresh shrimp... I could have stayed here the rest of my life.. . Their kobe beef was on point and their duck and sweet bun ridiculous!!!. . Service was extremely fast, was going to tip our server a lot but she left for lunch :(
Mother of all Vegas Buffets!. . To make the most of your Vegas experience and somehow save some money during the day so you can obviously spend twice as much at night, the Buffet at the Bellagio is the answer. After you wake up with ample time to recover from your hangover, find your way to the line here and get here at 3PM. You'll get in about 30 minutes while they're still serving lunch. Grab a small plate to sample anything from the lunch entrees that look unique. This is your appetizer. Now, wait until 4PM for them to put out the crab legs, seafood, and dinner entrees. Your first and last meal of the day is now ready. With this strategy, you just got to taste the lunch AND dinner items for the lunch price ($25). I went with a large group of Asian people so we had this strategy down long before we got here.. . Stay away from Biryani, anything Indian, and sushi.. . My favorite item was the pesto mashed potatoes!
THIS PLACE IS DOPE! . . I came by for breakfast and it was great quality food especially for a buffet. The thing I didnt like much was how the beverages werent self serve. The servers or bussers that walk around helping you out werent there at all times but that wasnt much of a problem to me.
You can't go wrong with this buffet.  The quality of the food is amazing.  The desserts are great( if not limited selection).  You dont leave feeling all full and gross.  The seafood is heads and tails about the rest.  Case in point, The Bellagio has swordfish and bluenose.  Other "cheaper" buffets serve Tilapia.  The Bellagio also serves Coke products.  A huge plus in my book.  Here is a tip, go for lunch, its 19.95 vs, 29.95 for a weekeday dinner.  The food is basically the same.  We ate here 2x on this trip.  The first was July 4th for the holiday brunch.  The server was great that day.  Yesterday, for lunch, the server SUCKED.  She was so rude.  I asked her if she had a paper napkin to blow my nose and she pointed me in the direction of the bathroom.  I said " you dont have a napkin" and she said "NO".  Thankfully, the woman sitting next to me gave me a tissue.
i must say this place a little better then the wynn buffet.. its nice and a major selection of so much food.. this has to be Vegas best buffet.
+ eggs benedict. + smoked salmon with mustard. + prime rib. + omelettes. + corn. + pesto mashed potatoes. + carrots & asparagus. + beef tenderloin. + the dude cutting the meat was super nice. + the dude cooking the omelette was funny and enthusiastic. + french toast with powder sugar and a scoop of syrup topped with strawberry sauce. + spicy tuna roll is really spicy. + variety of pizza. -lamb . - dessert ... meh. i wanted the raspberry cake (?)... i only got 1, and wanted a 2nd but it was all gone. next day... they didn't have raspberry cake either. :(. . came here twice lunch & breakfast the next day. YUM YUM YUM
I don't think I've gone to Vegas without doing the Sat/Sun Bellagio Brunch Buffet.  I have this thing down to a science.  Some people know how to count cards, well I know how to bring down the house by attacking the buffet.  So let me lay my wisdom on you.... . OK, first off, If you want to take Vegas, you need to follow some simple buffet rules.  1. No salad.  I don't care how good the dressing is, or how fresh it looks, or if it sounds good to you.  NO NO NO, that's like splitting 10's.  Someone fills one of their precious trips to the buffet with a salad, and I'm picking up my buffet chips and changing tables.  2. No Rolls or bread.  They are good here, everything is freshly baked, but it takes up way too much space and it's is a trap they want you to fall into.  Kind of like taking insurance when the dealer has an Ace showing.  3.  No sushi other than maybe a spicy tuna hand roll.  They aren't slicing fresh sashimi here.  It's all california rolls with lots of rice and little fish.  You are going to get better sushi else where, so don't fill up on all that rice.. . OK, so now we got some basic strategy down, I'll teach you my fool proof system.. . Course 1 - Breakfast.  Go to the omelette station on the left and have them fire one up for you.  Take in all your options.  If you don't want to go standard with the fillings, notice they have crab meat and shrimp.  They also have spinach, basil, and cilantro for some extra seasoning.  You want to think outside the box, go get some smoked salmon and bring it to them to throw into an omelette.  Ok after you get your omelette, you grab an eggs benedict (which always has a perfect runny yolk center), some sausage, bacon if you wish.  And now here's why I said to go to the Omelette station on the left and not the right.  Next to the sausage is a small bowl marked Beef Tenderloin.  They don't have that on the right and I think few people notice it, which is their plan.  So now you have nicely seasoned slices of filet mignon to put some more scrambled eggs on top of for steak and eggs.  I call this course, eggs 3 ways.  Omelette, Scrambled, and Benedict.  Please notice we've avoided all french toast, waffles, and pancakes.  I'm sure they are good, but you'll ruin your other courses.. . Course 2 - Cold Smoked Fish.  Ok here's a real tough one.  You can't get a bagel with this course, it takes up way too much room and violates rule 2.  So you grab lots of smoked salmon, smoked trout, maybe herring if you like it, and slices of tomato and red onion.  Use the slice of tomato as a base and construct "open face" sandwiches of the smoked fish using cream cheese to hold it all together on the fork.  Right in the center of the buffet are large chilled cocktail shrimp, try to use the shrimp as a barrier between the cocktail sauce and the smoked fish.  Although it's a little known fact that cocktail sauce and cream cheese tastes good together.. . Course 3 - Meat.  Go up to the carving station have them slice you up some Prime Rib and roasted lamb.  Make sure they don't skimp on your slices here, speak up if it's too small.  The odds for making it back again are small and sometimes there is a line.  They know this.  To your right is another small carving station with Turkey and Pork Belly.  Make sure you get this and some cranberry sauce to hold a piece of turkey and pork belly together on the fork.  You have to get some potatoes with your meat and mashed is the best way to go.  By mashing it, they've done some of the hard chewing work for you.  By smearing some on each bite of meat, it goes down smoothly.  If you want flavor overload get the pesto mashed.. . Course 4 - Odds and Ends.  So now walking around the buffet a few times you've seen some other things that catch your eye.  Now's the time to just throw whatever else you want to try on your plate.  Roasted chicken and saffron rice, BBQ glazed Salmon, Creamy Pasta with chicken and sun dried tomatoes, a few Lo Mein Chinese dishes,  couple of slices of pizza.  Now with the pizza, don't be afraid to take only a few bites of the slice then eat the rest of the toppings so you aren't violating rule 2.  The pizza is pretty good and there are usually about 5 or 6 to choose from.  Keep on the look out for a shrimp pesto one.. . Course 4.5 - Back Up Plan.  Sometimes the Odds and Ends aren't that happening.  People don't pay as much attention to them, and sometimes they sit too long and get a little dried out.  Don't be affraid to throw in the towel and then double down on something you really liked earlier.  Sure there are starving people in the world and you may feel guilty about throwing a whole plate of food away that you barely touched, but they aren't going to get that plate of food anyway.  . . Course 5 - Dessert.  Sample Everything, Finish Nothing!  When I'm done, my table looks the same as the dessert station, just with 1 bite missing.  Don't feel bad, remember what happened to the last person who told starving people "Let Them Eat Cake"
Its true when folks say this is best buffet in Vegas. Now i did not go to all other buffets, but its quite good. Just taste the meat and you will know - the meat is like in a nice steakhouse. Great sushit selection and also was nice selection of fish, all of an impecable quality. Search no further for Vegas buffets.
Best buffet on the strip! My family used to only go to this buffet when they would take me as a kid and I always thought it was great, but I had nothing to compare it to. Then, as I got older and started coming here with other families or with my friends (now that I'm over 21!), I still maintain that the Buffet at Bellagio is simply the best.. . My most recent experience was last week, and I'm friend knows what's up when it comes to buffets - the Bellagio. We decided to come here just before our drive home because we knew no one would be hungry after going here. (If you get here at about 3:45, you pay the lunch price but they put out the dinner at 4:00...yes!) All of the Italian food in the buffet is wonderful...the pizza is great. They also have crab and prime rib, so good. The desserts are better than most buffet desserts and the service was very friendly!
at first I had sticker shock over the price, but it was worth it.  Best buffet in Vegas thus far.
Heard that this was the best buffet spot in LV and it didnt disappoint.  Although we had to wait 30 min to get in, it was definitely worth the wait.  They have a great selection of foods and desserts.  Easy to navigate the buffet and the food is delicious.  We scarfed down our food in record time after spending all day at the pool so we were in and out.  You cant get a better deal in LV than a $25 lunch buffet.
I told myself that on my next trip to Vegas, I was gonna try one of the nicer buffets on the Strip. My husband & I stayed at Paris, and it was a choice between Wicked Spoon and The Buffet. While I was intrigued by Wicked Spoon's mac and cheese bar, we went to the Bellagio.. . We waited in line for about 45 minutes on a Monday night. It was worth the wait. The prime rib was awesome; the Kobe sirloin was even better. The cold shrimp was fresh, and the pasta had lots of flavor. Even the sea bass was good, and I never eat sea bass. I tried four of their desserts: my favorite was the tiramisu. The only thing I didn't like much was the shrimp in the paella, but that's a very minor quibble. . . Overall: great food, our server was really nice, even when she forgot my water, and it was definitely the best buffet we'd ever eaten at (at this point, anyway). It's definitely worth the splurge... although the Friday/Sat. prices seem a bit steep.
I avoid buffets like the plague. When two of my friends where raving about the dinner they had there before the rest of us arrived, and convinced everyone to go eat there; I broke out in a cold sweat and was having flashbacks to my youth and being dragged to countless Chinese and old country buffets where I would get yelled at my mother for wasting her ten bucks, as I could only bring myself to eat their canned fruit and ice cream and nothing else. . . Silly me didn't realize that this is Vegas and they do things a bit differently here. Where should I start. The sushi, yes I ate sushi at a buffet and it was awesome. The hazelnut french toast with banana was glorious. The countless amounts of fresh fruit, the salmon which I had to restrain myself from taking all of it. Everything I put on my plates was so good. . . Everyone loved the food and I'm told the desserts were so good as well, I didn't trust myself to just have a few so I passed. The buffet is maintained well and so there is nothing sitting out there forever. Expect a bit of wait but its well worth it. We were there July fourth weekend so they hiked up their prices a little bit, so expect that if you there during a holiday. . . The Bellagio has changed my opinions on buffets, when I go back to Vegas I'm making a stop here, and may even try some other places.
prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs.
OMG!! The Sunday brunch is amazing!! They have everything from Prime rib to Sushi. The breakfast was so good. Great tasting Hazelnut French Toast and Crepes. For $5 more you get endless champagne. We are not talking little glasses of cheap champagne either!! Well worth the money!!
If you are in Vegas, you must go to the Bellagio Buffet, specifically go around 11:00 am. They server breakfast till 11:00 and they start serving lunch. So you can have breakfast and lunch. The food is delicious~~~. Will definitely go again once i'm in Vegas
Here's the deal: if you would like to gorge yourself on pretty much any kind of delicious food for cheap, what you need to do is arrive at the Bellagio Buffet at around 3pm.. . Why? Because after you spend about an hour in line, you get in at the lunch price ($20), but get the dinner food (a $30 value). It is possible that the line could take longer and you might get stuck paying the dinner price, but isn't it only appropriate to gamble a bit? And frankly, I would have paid the $30 if need be.. . I would probably skip the mac n' cheese, swordfish, and some of the desserts, but pile on the prime rib, sea bass, and crab legs. Oh, and I probably could have eaten a troph of the sweet potato puree. Yum yum yum.
If you like freshly prepared food and desserts, then this buffet is the way to go. Service was also quite splendid.
Sadly we went here on our last day in Vegas. Being our last day in Vegas, half of us were hungover and didn't feel like eating much so we probably didn't quite eat our money's worth. :[. . However, we got there at a good time. We literally got to the cashier at 10:59am according to my receipt. There was no line at all and the cashier was super nice. I was in the front so I was gonna pay for just myself and she asked if we were all together. I told her we were and she told me that in less than a minute, the price would change and if we wanted to just pay together. So I just paid for everyone and they paid me back afterward. . . We stayed for a few hours so we had the opportunity to eat breakfast and lunch there. There was so much different types of food I was stuffed. If you go to the breakfast buffet, you should really try their omelets. They make it for you when you order it and it is awesome.  They also had yummy pineapple fried rice :]. . I wasn't a big fan of their desserts though but maybe that's because I just wasn't feeling like sweets and I was stuffed.
You have to go there, it is delicious, there is a line ok, but it is really yumm and you have so much choice !!!
I'm a girl who knows her buffets. And I know people who don't like buffets (fools, I tell you, fools!) who like this buffet. But let's make this about me. It's not a big deal if this buffet impresses someone who doesn't like buffets. Because they walk in (or were perhaps dragged in) already hesitant.. . Let me reiterate. I know my buffets. And let me tell you this: This is a buffet to top all other buffets. The crowning jewel of buffets, if you will. And with my love of places like Hometown Buffet where it's a strip-mall bargain, let's just say, at $29.95, my expectations for the Bellagio Buffet are pretty sky-high. . . Surpassed.. . I had dined here once several years ago, remembered it was good, remembered I liked it better than the Wynn buffet, but just hoped it would be a good choice still. Success. We had dined at the Monte Carlo buffet the night before, and though it was one-third the price (buy-one-get-one, woo!), the Bellagio Buffet was worth every penny in comparison. Service was better (even with a long wait!), too.. . Wandering through the buffet, I felt like Alice in a food wonderland, marveling at the choices. It was also my first time here as a pescaterian (formerly vegetarian), so the seafood choices rolled out before my eyes. Swordfish! Sushi! Somebody stop me!. . I realize this sounds pathetic, but I don't care ... I was in such a blissful state during this meal. Perhaps it was the company of a dear friend, or the fact that I was on vacation. Or quite possibly that everything I tried was freakishly delicious. Anyway, I entered a state of zen during my dining experience here, and what I'm trying to say is, you'd be foolish to skip this place on your next trip to Vegas.
YUM-O!!! Food is so great everyone will walk out here with a bulge! They have a friday-saturday gourmet buffet dinner that would cost 36.99 per person! Ok, well, here is the trick, if you are tight on budget, come get in line around 3:15! Get in the price of lunch(19.99) and you will be pigging out on crab legs, sushi, beef wellingtons, lamb, and endless desserts!
I'm usually cautious of buffets because I never trust them to really be good. But this one is GOOD! So good they have fresh made sushi and fresh spring rolls - among other things. But everything is made so well.. . I committed to going all out during this buffet. I had a bacon, onion, mushroom pepper and cheese omelet, biscuits and gravy, prime rib, sushi, fresh spring rolls, pepperoni pizza, waffles, pancakes, sausage, bacon and ate every dessert on their dessert bar (there were about 10 of them). . . Just be prepared to wait in line for about 45 minutes. Its worth it though.
This place rocks!! . . After eating at the MGM Grand Buffet the night before which was total disapointment... This place totally exceeded our expectations.  The food selection was great; prime rib, pork belly, seafood civiche, sushi and a full bar. This has to be one of the best Buffets in Vegas.
we went for dinner on saturday. the line was so long. i think we waited for about an hour or so. it was about $36 +18% gratuity since we had a party of 12. one of the guys was like 'if they dont have beef wellington, we're going some where else" so he walked in and checked. good thing because that beef wellington was so good! so tender and flavorful with the sauce on top. the shrimp cocktail was also good. their crab legs are cut long ways so you dont have to fuss with any cracking or getting your hands dirty. their creme brulee was also really good. they also have soft serve, one machine with vanilla and chocolate and the other machine with peach and raspberry sorbet. the sorbet was really good. they picked up our plates pretty fast and also refilled our drinks promptly. i think the bellagio buffet is still one of the top buffets in vegas.
Every food item you can possibly think of and more. This is the best buffet in Vegas and if you don't eat everything in sight until your gut busts open then you lose. Done and done.
Say what you want about buffets, but to me when you are in Vegas, you MUST go to a buffet, at Bellagio that its, worth the price, worth the wait, even though on my most recent trip there was no wait, very surprised. There is constant comparison with this one to the one at Wynn, however this one is by far the best one as far as I know, and I have tried many on the strip. There is a tendency for the more upscale resorts to have the higher quality product and variety for those who are not aware, as I have tried to patronize the cheaper ones, and was not satisfied, you get what you pay for. I go for the "good stuff" rack of lamb, prime rib, beef wellington, Kobe beef, seafood items, ceviche, lobster. Why does everyone rave about king crab legs though? those salty and spongy little skinny things with not even alot of meat. I tried a little here a little there though as far as the other items, just for the sake of trying as many things as possible. I tried to stay away from the Japanese section, though as majority of the time, buffets tend not to be quite as authentic as one would expect. The sushi was okay, nothing special, accompanied by a seaweed type salad of some kind. The desserts were one of the best parts of the buffet, as the choices are good. I went for the chocolate eclairs, tiramisu, mini cakes, cones with a chocolate mousse and rasperry, strawberry cake. The desserts were good, nothing was too sweet. I then topped it off with a good cup of coffee. I would come back everytime!!!!!!!!
No complaints for a vegas buffet. We were lucky and got a line pass so got to have less wait in the buffet line. After coming in, saw some nice options: Host of seafood including huge king crab legs, endless amounts of salad. the only one down-side was the peking duck was really old and tough. We ended up not eating any of that. also liked the prime rib. They also offered kobe beef as well. I am a big fan of the dessert section for this buffet. Dessert comprised of eating as many macaroons as they placed out. It was the Vanilla Macaroon and I couldn't help but go back for seconds. It was off the hook! Wish they had gelato like the Wicked spoon, but the bellagio buffet will always remain one of my fave Vegas buffets.
I hear about the "trinity" of best buffets along the Las Vegas Strip -  the Wynn, Bellagio, and Paris.  I've had the Wynn twice - the first was incredible, the second time was alright.  I've had the Paris once, which I remember being very nice.. . There was something about the Bellagio buffet, even for lunch, that really made me take note.  Everything was so delicious, not to mention beautiful and with such a diverse selection.  That's the beauty of a fancy buffet - that there are SO many choices, but places like the Bellagio and Wynn take diversity to new heights with raw-bar offerings (sushi, smoked salmon), multiple pasta dishes, a carving station of perfectly prepared roasts - and this description hardly does a buffet of this caliber justice.  This is the farthest thing from your Golden Corral experience!!. . Back to the Bellagio.. I just can't recommend it enough, and I may go as far as to say it's my favorite buffet experience in Las Vegas to date.  I tried everything.  I mean... EVERYTHING.  And it was all good. (Sushi selection was alright, but I can imagine it's hard to keep really fresh sushi continuously available throughout the day.). . And I haven't even mentioned desserts, which I actually felt weren't even the highlight of the meal.  Sure they were beautiful and good - mini servings of everything including creme brulee, key lime pie, carrot cake, etcetera etcetera.  I would have been satisfied by the rest of the buffet if the desserts had merely been ice cream!  . . By the way, I arrived for lunch around 12pm and and walked right in. No line folks.  However, when we were walking out around 2p, the line to eat was out the door.  If you can manage to keep "normal" meal hours in Vegas, it seems the lines will be kind to you...
Please.... . Just.... . . Just do yourself a favor and come to this buffet for brunch. It's so. good. If you are in Vegas, and you need a big meal to fill you up for the day, for the love of food COME TO THIS BUFFET! . . We went Sunday morning around 11:30ish and the line was crazy long. But if you take turns gambling on the nearby slots while you wait, it's not so bad. Just make sure you still have money to pay for the buffet, because it's pricey. FOR SURE make sure you have an extra $5 (that's right, FIVE DOLLARS) to make it a champagne brunch. You'll get the choice of both breakfast and lunch, so if you take your time, you can really have two meals while you're there.. . Nothing is more American than a buffet. Especially this buffet, where you can get breakfast AND lunch AND dessert. So load up that plate full of things you'll take 2 bites of, and live that American dream!. . --. . Tip: I think if you sign up for their "M Life" club or something like that, you can avoid the super long line. Wish we would have figured that out earlier.
I have yet to eat lunch or dinner here, but their breakfast is phenomenal. I make it a point to eat breakfast here every time I am in Las Vegas. This is the best breakfast buffet I have had. The food is great, even for picky eaters or those with nut allergies, and the people are really nice. It is worth the wait and the price.
**Tips**.        - Price - They don't empty out the buffet during price changes so Friday at 3:45pm would be the best. You'd get a $37 buffet for $20..        - Crab Legs - They had snow crab legs on the left side and both snow crab and king crab legs on the right when I went. Be sure you're getting the one you like..        - Hot Crab Legs - If you grab a plate of crab legs, you can go over to the omelet station next to the Asian foods and ask them to heat it up for you. I don't really like cold crab legs, so this is a must for me..        - Desserts - I know it's tempting to stuff yourself with all the great food, but don't forget to leave some room for dessert. They have a huge spread.. **Price**.        - $15.95 Mon-Fri 7am-11am Breakfast.        - $19.95 Mon-Fri 11am-4pm Lunch.        - $29.95 Sun-Thurs 4pm-10pm Dinner.        - $36.95 Fri-Sat 4pm-10pm Gourmet Dinner.        - $24.95 Sat-Sun 7am-4pm Brunch. **Must Haves**.        - Snow Crab Legs/King Crab Legs - They're split for you so it's easier to get to the meat. If you don't warm them up though, sometimes they have ice on them..        - Dessert - Their assortment of desserts are one of the best in town. Creme Brule is my favorite..        - Three Carving Stations - Their meats vary from day to day. I've had good and bad experiences, so I'd suggest going and getting a little from each to see which you like. On the weekend gourmet dinner, they usually have something exotic like elk or ostrich..        - Shrimp - Their shrimps are usually large and plump..        - Chilean Sea Bass - They served it with some kind of teriyaki-like sauce. Probably the best fish I've ever had.. **Recommendations**.        - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a great dinner buffet on the strip.
this is by far the best AYCE buffet in las vegas. . i have been to just about the top buffets on the strip and none of them comes close to the bellagio. the only buffet that tops bellagio is the infamous ballys sterling brunch which is only served on sundays. . quality of the product is fresh & good. the price is very reasonable and the service is good as well by being a buffet. . i always make a visit to bellagio buffet when i come visit! . never ever dissapoints me! keep up the good work boys!!!
I've only been to a handful of AYCE's in Vegas and this is the tops so far.. . The carved meat and the fruit stood out particularly for us anddeserve this shout out.. . Smoked salmon and sushi and the desserts get an honorable mention.. . However everything here was excellent from the service through to the execution.. . Other places could learn many a thing from the Buffet at Bellagio.
EXCELLENT buffet :). . The only part of the buffet that I didn't quite enjoy was the Asian selection...but hey...the rest of it made up for it all the way!. . **Pesto mashed potatoes were BOMB!!!!**
My favorite buffet in vegas. Seriously, even the diet coke tastes better here. I visit vegas often and ALWAYS try to talk people into going here. Never had a bad experience at this place.
You go Bellagio...nothing but high class proteins as far as the mouth can drool!  We went for their Saturday night gourmet buffet dinner and OMG was it freaking good!!!  Name your surf and/or turf and I swear they had it as an option.  King crab, snow crab, several different mussel dishes, ceviche, sushi, several types of fish, rack of lamb, steak, prime rib etc.  We where challenging ourselves to find a chicken dish and the six of us couldn't find one anywhere on the spread!  Also, no matter what we tried was made with top quality ingredients and very fresh.  For under $40 before tax and tip this is a huge, huge value for your money.  You must go even if you're not a fan of Buffets.
BEST. BUFFET. VEGAS. . . That's it. All the buffets in Vegas has a ridiculous selection of food. Bellagio Buffet is no different. However, the QUALITY of the food is what makes them BETTER. . . Everything tastes GREAT. YUMMY. DELICIOUS. And with other buffets... the food tastes cheap... you get a sore tummy afterwards, and you want to (excuse my language) take a crap when you get back to the room.. . Salads, cheeses, fruit, asian, italian, american, seafood, carving station, desserts, etc etc... . . There's too much to list. YOU HAVE TO EAT AT THIS BUFFET. It's worth it!!! You won't be disappointed!
My husband and I just had our wedding ceremony at The Bellagio (beautiful) and chose to have our reception at The Bellagio Buffet.. . As for the pre-planning, that was done with Tami M., the buffet Manager.   It ended up that we were not going to hit our minimum and she ended up coming up with a solution so that we got the most bang for our buck   ie adding linen table cloths, preparing a wedding cake, putting boxes of chocolates on the tables for each guest, adding one mixed drink to be included with the price of the buffet and putting flowers on all of the tables.. . Everything was AWESOME!!!!    I don't even know where to start.   Once all of our guests were gathered in front of the restaurant, someone came out and walked us back to the room.  He was very friendly and made us feel like we were the first group (32 guests including my husband and I)  to ever come in there.  We were pleasantly surprised that  we were actually going to have a room, we thought it would just be an area in the restaurant that was sectioned off for us.  Loved it!. . . The service was outstanding, it seemed like there was one server for every couple of people and none of the guests had to wait for anything--the servers were literally waiting for us and started taking drink orders immediately.  My husband and I felt like royalty at our own, special, table with our own server--he was great and a good sport (some of my friends are a little crazy).   Every time my husband or I needed another drink, or anything for that matter, it seemed like he was right there waiting to serve us.   Guests are STILL talking about how good the food was and how the service was better than what they expected at a buffet.       We were actually in the space later than we were suppose to be, until about 10:45, our contract said we only had the room until 10:00 pm.   None of the waitstaff said a word.  .  . . The cake was delicious, we weren't exactly sure on the timing as to when to cut it and by the time we did most of the guests had already gotten dessert from the buffet.  SO, we ended up having the bottom layer and the top layer to take back to our room.   . .  Tami and her team  helped to contribute to our special day by providing an outstanding level of service and great attention to detail.   We didn't have to worry about anything and had an amazing evening with our family and friends.   I sincerely appreciate how well they took care of us!    It was better than I could have imagined and my husband and I will cherish that memory forever.
5 stars alone for the Alaskan king crab legs.  That's all I pretty much ate.  Due to the holiday weekend, we had to wait a bit to get a table and pay more but when we did, we got to relax and take our time eating.  Steamed Alaskan king crab for me please! The sushi was meh.  So disappointing because they looked good but tasted boring.  There was such a huge variety of food that I feel badly I didn't eat anything but the crab legs.  Oh well. I guess I will just have to go back.
Where do I start, eggs Benedict, Kobe beef, st Louis ribs, tortellini, Sliders, bread pudding, sushi, dessert bar, mussels, omg!!
To date, this is the best buffet i have ever been to. All around perfection. I have eaten here at least 5 times and will definitely go back.. . Yes, the line will be long if your not staying with the Bellagio. It sucks but 100% worth the wait. Another slight drawback is the cost. About $35 for dinner, but this is cheap as hell for a 5 star dinner.. . Staff is very friendly but not too intrusive. Tables are cleaned quick and they are always around if u need something.. . Now the food! King crab legs, all you can eat. A pound of these things is $15 At the market, easy. A sushi station with pre-made sushi or you can get some specialty hand rolls. Perfect prime beef. And a desert bar that will make you cry it is so vast.. . Last time i went here i was sick and miserable (with a cold) and i still enjoyed myself. . . Unless your budget is very tight go here! The variety is so vast you can eat here almost every night, i did.
Awarded best buffet in town. Rightly so. Quality is second to none. Food fit for a President or a king. Also a large selection and variety. Mandalay Bay has similar quality but not the selection. Everything here is top notch and nothing was less than superb. Service of drinks was top notch too. Buffet price is high but I do not mind getting what I pay for. The quality can support the high price. Last few times I was here, the line to enter has been shorter. Last time, there was not a wait. Spend some money and experience this wonderful buffet.
Wow... so for the second night in Vegas for thefirst time in my life... we went to The Buffet at the Bellagio.  The line wasn't extremely long from the front, even on a Friday night.  We did get there pretty early around 6:30, which gave us enough time for our 10pm show.  Once we paid, we were promptly seated.  This place is huge.  We quickly went to get our first plates (yes, PLATES, plural) of food.  I went straight for some veggies, fish, slice of pizza, crab legs.  There are maybe about five to seven buffets... Sushi/Salads/Mediterranean; Meats (Turkey, Kobe Beef, Rack of Lamb, Prime Rib) which also has the asparagus, mushrooms, mash potatoes; Italian (pizzas, pesto pasta, ravioli, lasagna type thing); Asian (fried rice, fish...etc.); and a few other buffets that I didn't want to try.  The desserts are phenomenal!  The must-trys are the creme brulee and the sorbets (raspberry and peach).  They had a lot of unique pastries as well.  Overall, I'd definitely eat here again... but be willing to fork out close to $100 for two people.
everything is delicious!!!!---well worth the $25 brunch!!!!!. dessert bar is my fave!!!!!---
I give this five stars, notwithstanding the kids, but because it's simply the best buffet in town, pricey for buffets, but the best. It's the only buffet to which we take visitors who insist on attending this sort of dining.
Went here for lunch and I'll give this place the best bang for you buck.  Only $20 for lunch and you get prime rib, kobe beef and more.  I like the desert bar more at the Wynn.  This place just had soft serve ice cream instead of gelato.   The line went pretty quick too.  If you had to decide between the Wynn and here for breakfast or lunch I recommend here.
Heaven.  Heaven.  Heaven.  With lots of food.  . . That's how I feel about The Bellagio Buffet.  . . Oh my gosh is the food good.  I went for lunch and ate enough to feed a small country, and it was worth it.  . . The selection of food is okay, but what gives it 5 stars is their pasta selection and taste.  Oh my.
Always delicious, the Bellagio buffet is a must-visit for me when I am in Las Vegas. I am a picky eater and expect thirty-some dollar buffets to be fresh, plentiful, and varied. The Bellagio buffet is that and then some. The champagne buffet on the weekends is worth the extra $5 and sitting at the bar is actually a treat and allows you to bypass the huge lines.
Best buffet I've ever eaten at, hands down.. . We got in line around 3pm, and with a 45ish minute wait, we got in for lunch price ($20/person) but got dinner food. Smart move!. . Our server wasn't the greatest, but the other workers we encountered were very nice, like the round man carving the meat who convinced me to try both the Kobe and flank steaks, promising me that I "wouldn't get big". That flank steak was amazing, by the way. The kobe was a little on the raw side, but we still happily ate it. . . I was in heaven. SO much good food. Smoked scallops, crab legs, calamari salad, smoked salmon, shrimp pesto pizza, ohhh I could go on for days. The sushi rolls were the only bad thing. They tasted like they were either a few days old or shipped in from the nearby Winco. Yuck. Nigiri was good though! . . The desserts were delicious, too. The creme brulee was definitely the best! As usual, the Husband and I sampled just about every dessert offered. . . Husband also mentioned that he thought I ate more than he did. This is probably true. I didn't have a food baby, I had food triplets. I was in some serious pain afterward, but it was so worth it. . . Spend your money here, you can't go wrong, and if you're like me, you'll eat enough to cover the price about 5 times over.
One hell of a good buffet in las vegas! :)
My pick for best buffet in Vegas. Well worth the price. Most buffets have a problem with keeping their food warm. Food is hot and great selections. My favorite dish is the pesto shrimp pizza! Super good!! Dessert section is great as well.. . Can get crowded so I suggest getting in line early. . . *tip. If your like me and hate cold seafood, you can have your crab legs steamed. Just ask the chef at the seafood section.
My husband and I just came back from Vegas. We tried several buffets on the strip and the buffet at the Bellagio is by far the best. Fortunately the line wasn't very long so we only waited about ten minutes. Yes, it is a bit pricey, but hey it's Vegas. Go big or go home right. . . There is seriously everything from American, Asian, Italian, and Spanish. Their prime rib was delicious and hello unlimited snow crab and king crab legs. There was seriously so much food, we didn't know where to begin. Their Asian selection was good, however I passed up their sushi. It was just like every other buffet with your typical California rolls and tuna rolls. There is so much food that everyone can find Something they like. . . I'm not a big dessert person but I did try their cheesecakes and chocolate covered strawberries. It was amazing. Everything my husband grabbed from the dessert bar was delicious. . . Definitely something everyone has to try when visiting Vegas. Best buffet on the strip.
Forget your DIET, you are not fat.... . Forget the small portions you actually have to eat throughout the day, who cares if you have today breakfast, lunch, and dinner all in one at Bellagio's.... . Forget your strict work-out plan, you would do your stomach a big favor once a year.... . Forget the not ending line with screaming, crying kids and their annoyed parents.... . IT IS WORTH IT!!!
This has always been my favorite buffet in Las Vegas and my recent trip reinforced this! The price is reasonable and the food is more than you pay for, for sure! The variety of fancy yummies is endless! From the little baby mozzarella pearls rolled in pesto, to the juiciest little sliders in the world, to the full-on carved turkey/mashed potato/sweet potato/cranberry sauce holiday meal experience, I loved every bite! The whole family agreed. Next time we will make it a point to take more meals at the Bellagio buffet instead of opting for the convenient at the hotel we stay at!. . Best dessert? The chocolate and vanilla dome with the little raspberry on top. Lovely!
Thank you. Everything was wonderful. The earlier the smaller the crowds and the food is always amazing. I wish my friends would have allowed me to enjoy it all at a slower pace.
I go to Vegas frequently, and this is the only place that I must go to on every trip.  In my opinion it is the best buffet by far in Las Vegas.  I've never had a bad experience here.  Kobe beef, sliders, crab legs, excellent salad bar.  When I was there in October 2011 they were doing some construction, I'm excited to see what those changes will bring.  Hopefully I'll be able to find out soon!
Fantastic. One my must stop shops.
We went here for lunch a few months ago.. . When we were about to get in line, a gentlemen ask us how many people we had. We told him 2, just myself and my husband. He told us to follow him because we could sit at the bar, regardless if we were drinking or not (I wasn't drinking due to being pregnant.). It was nice that we got to skip that very LONG line. The food was extremely good! I will definitely be eating here again!. . So whenever there is a long line and you dont have many people , just walk up to the bar and sit! You pay at the bar when you are done eating!
I stayed at the Bellagio during the first week of November and I thought I would write a review of their Buffet since it is probably one of the best things about the Bellagio. Now keep in mind that I have been vacationing in Vegas for more than 20+ years so I am very picky about my buffets. I also am a seafood lover so that is the main reason for me going to a buffet while in Vegas and paying $30+. The line here is long (even for breakfast) but if you have their player's card you can go straight to the front. Also, if you don't mind eating at the counter you can go straight to the front. Even at 9 in the morning on a Sunday they have their seafood out (bluefin tune, salmon, bass,shrimp, crablegs,etc). I got the made to order ommelette (w/crab) and then stuffed myself with the bluefiin tuna, salmon and bass (delicious!). Had some watermelon for dessert! If you don't like seafood then I would suggest not waiting in line or paying the extra $$$ to eat their buffet and spend the same $$$ in their coffee shop!
I think this is the best buffet on the strip. In vegas we went here twice.. . The key is to get in line about 30 minutes maybe even 45 before breakfast ends, that way you get the food switch out :). . The desserts are AAHHHmazing, and the eggs benedict are so yum!. . I didnt hesitate to get dessert first then go back for some breakfast/ lunch!
Best buffet of the few my girlfriends and I tried. I went back for more plates than I should probably admit to! Lunch was definitely the only meal I needed that day.The food was wildly rich, so I tried to fit some veggies on my plate when possible.. . My buffet favorites:. smoked potato salad (ohmigodddd...need this recipe). seaweed salad. hijiki salad. shrimp cocktail (delicious smokey sauce). terriyaki strip steak . kobe prime rib. creamed spinach (the best I've ever had in my entire life!). mashed potato and beef gravy. flan. bread pudding with peaches. . Of all of the dishes that I sampled, none of them disappointed, rather some were better than others.
AMAZING!. So many different types of food!. Everything I tried was delicious, they even had a great fruit & dessert bar.. If I had to choose the last meal of my life I'd choose to have it here.
This was the best buffet I have ever been to and will probably every go to.  I went a year ago November in 2010.  I was so amazed.  Yes it is a long line but I have learned that most of the best places your going to have to wait to get into or wait for the food to be cooked for you.. . I had so many things, and there are so many more I would love to try.  I so enjoyed the beef Wellington.  I had two servings because it was soooooo good.  Had to roll myself back to the Monte Carlo afterward.
Alright my fans ... I know it's been a LONG time since I've written a review. The holidays is over and I'm back!. . Just got back from Vegas (again). I have to say...Bellagio "you complete me" OK so I was starving when I arrived in Vegas - only having eaten breakfast and snacking on some dangerous Trader Joe's Snowpeas. . . My friends and I decided to go grab dinner around 5ish to beat the crowd. And I'm glad we did. . . I started off with some pasta - beef ravioli and some tortellinis made with some walnut pesto sauce. YUMMMMY! Then I got some of the still bleeding kobe beef - roast or prime? same? I had some lamb chops (a bit dry), some king crabs (already sliced in half, PERFECTO), shrimp, sushi (Cali rolls), seaweed salad, etc. etc. . . Because it was Chinese New Year weekend, there were quite a few Asian dishes. The only Asian thing I ate was the spiked fruit (Lychee? or Rambutan?). . In terms of dessert - SO MANY to choose from. Luckily almost all were bite size. Makes me feel less guilty. . . Of the other Vegas Buffets I have been to: Wicked Spoon (at Cosmo) and Studio B Buffet (at M Resort) ... Bellagio is my favorite. Maybe it was because I was sober this time and I was really hungry & savoring every bite. Who knows??! I know one thing for sure - I will be back Buffet at Bellagio!
Buffet at the Bellagio...Oh yeah!. Did you know the hungry kitten considers herself a connoisseur of buffet foods? . From the average Chinese super buffet to the grand buffets of Vegas!. Honestly I felt like I had died and gone to heaven.. In fact if I do die, I'm coming back as a stray animal and eating out of the buffet leftovers in Las Vegas.. Out of all the buffets in the world, this one is probably the best. No I'm not even stretching the imagination here. This buffet offers everything the heart could desire.. You want miso soup, a slice of pizza, scrambled eggs, chocolate torte and champagne for breakfast? All on the same plate? Sure thing!  Only in Vegas baby.. . P.s be sure to go on the weekends also as the selection is greater and you get free champagne!. . Free champagne woohoo! Mimosas for everyone!
12:30 pm 1/2 hour wait. EXCELLENT service, used plate gone before back to table. Drinks refilled before half empty. Food delicious, Japanese food tastes just like moms! Only downer no crab at lunch. Teriyaki flank steak, sliders, even Thai salad was good!. . Desserts were mmm mmm good!
The Buffet at Bellagio is the best I've had in Vegas and I've eaten at most of them.  Some may think that the $30 price for dinner is too expensive, but not for what you get.  I had Beef Wellington, Jumbo Shrimp, Alaskan King Crab, Chilean Sea Bass, Sausage & Peppers, Red Chicken Curry and for dessert I had cheesecake and tiramisu.  I was alone, so I just walked right up to the bar and skipped the line.  Best way to go if it's crowded and you have 2 people or less.  What a great experience, I had 3 plates and loved every bite.
Best Buffet in Vegas... in my opinion. hehe. I have been to a few buffets in Vegas and this is definitely the one I have enjoyed the most.  They have a huge assortment of dishes.  My favorites include the tuna poke, peeled shrimps, prime rib,  and the pesto mashed potatoes (I dream of those)!  The only complaints I have are that I wish the dining areas were nicer and the dessertbar was more creative.  Overall it's a great dining choice while in Vegas. Enjoy!
Best buffet in Vegas.  Go on the weekend for the gourmet buffet with Kobe beef and rack of lamb.  Kobe was tougher than the prime rib, but the land was great.  Crab legs and shrimp were ok.  Overcooked, and bland taste.  Awesome desserts.
For traditional Vegas buffet and you want the best of the best for dinner, brunch, or breakfast this is the place to head.. My favorite breakfast buffet, with pancakes, waffles, french toast, omlettes being made fresh to order and allso good. Usually a great pasty selection also, I love their chocolate crossaints. They have options for hot and cold cereals, nice fresh fruit and different yougurts...smoked salmon and the fixings...everything you would want for breakfast just make it in before 10.
Still the best dinner buffet on the strip. Startwith the king crab and shrimp cocktails. Then move on the specialty meats.  Everything sings quality...especially the hand made desserts.
The Bellagio Buffet gets 5 stars because this is truely "as good as it gets" in terms of buffets in Las Vegas.  If you have never been to this buffet you must go.  The selection of food is always fresh and high quality.  . . Like all the other reviews say the wait here can be very long.  I went and waited 40 minutes but it is incredibly worth it.. . The service is pretty attentive and they will get you any drinks you want.  During brunch they usually offer $5 all you can drink Mimosas which is the perfect way to start the day in Las Vegas.  My drinks never ran low and there was no problem ordering coffee, orange juice, grapefruit juice, water, and of course the Mimosa all at once (it is a drink buffet too!).. . The service at the buffet itself is great as well.  The omlette and waffle lines move fast and if you need something that you don't see you can ask any of the staff and they will get it for you.  (I couldn't find the yogurt at any of the bars so I asked a staff member and they brought it to my table for me.). . I never felt rushed to leave even after my 4th and 5th plate.  I found that to be a very unique quality at restaurants in Las Vegas especially buffets.. . One complaint would be that it can get loud in here when large groups come in but it is better than the sounds of slot machines.
i went to rio carnival, paris buffet, and spice market buffet. bellagio's buffet is by far tastier! the food selection is definitely unique. there is cracked alaskan king crab and regular cracked crabs, peeled cocktail shrimp, oxtail soup, various sushi, and meats. my favorite buffet in vegas. i didnt try wynn but i wish i did just so i can compare the tastes. the price is up there but its vegas so im not surprised! the line wasnt too long since i came on a monday night. the dinner was prob a few bucks cheaper than coming on the weekend for dinner. it took us less than an hour to get seated. my waiter was okay . he didnt really check on us and didnt offer refills. we had to almost hunt him down!! this one is definitely worth the experience!
the two times i've been here, we've always came with a bad, bad case of the munchies.. . the first visit here, it was a saturday and the line was inexplicably long! that was understandable, because it was a holiday weekend and we did come at noon. the wait was about 1.5hours.. the second visit here, it was a tuesday lunch! and the line was JUST as long! . . that only goes to show you how friggin DERISH this place is.. . glass of ginger ale, please!. . FABORITES--. . + SHRIMP PESTO PIZZA -- did i just die and go to pizza heaven? i'd hate to fill up on pizza at a buffet, but LOHHHDD this one really hit the spot!. . + eggs benedict -- i tried to make my own and it was a terrible fail all three times! this place perfects it with this kind of creamy and slightly tangy hollandaise. again, i'd hate to fill up on just eggs benedict and pizza but OMG!. . + SHRIMP COCKTAIL -- these shrimps were on steroids or something, cus they be fat as FFFFF!. . + good ol' plain salmon or tuna sashami -- can't go wrong if they always be fresh!. . + good ol' caesar salad. . and last but not least..... . + grab about 5 plates of their itty bitty pieces of cheesecake. here i go with a FRIENDS reference -- you'd want to still pick at this cheesecake even after it's fallen on the ground. "mama's little bakery from chicago, illinois?" no one gets my references :(. . i'd suggest coming here after you've hit up all the day clubs and pool parties of the summer :). . GO HUNGRY, LEAVE HAPPY
Not only one of the best buffets in Las Vegas but also one of the best ever!. Less then $40 (including tax and tip!) per person gets you a high quality meal with endless options.. . Favourites:. *KOBE BEEF!. *house-made sausage. *French macarons for dessert.. . The Kobe beef alone is worth the price of admission.  It is listed as Kobe but even if it is actually American-bred Wagyu beef (a common trick) it is still a value as even Wagyu is high priced at most restaurants.  No fussy sauces or spices, just salt and pepper on the roasted meat, let the flavour of the beef shine.. . The house-made sausages are grilled with peppers and onions to enhance their flavour but I like them alone.  They offered sweet and spicy versions on the night I went and both were delicious.. . French macarons are one of those simple-looking pastries that are actually quite difficult to execute perfectly.  All the desserts were high quality but the macarons stood out to me.  These was patisserie quality macarons with the perfect amount of slight chewiness to the bite and no crumbling whatsoever.  Only strawberry was offered but they were perfect and would have been at least $2-$2.50 EACH at a French cafe.. . This is a must stop for those Vegas buffet-lovers out there.  The only other buffet at this level is at the Wynn but theirs is slightly more expensive.
ATTENTION ALL BUFFET PEOPLE!!!!. . I SPENT HOURS LOOKING FOR THE PERFECT BUFFET FOR MY ONE NICE BUFFET IN VEGAS.  WE HAVE A WINNER!!!. . I have tried all the ones that are priced over 35 bucks.  I am not sure when i will be back in vegas and i only had one shot to get this right.. . THEY HAVE SNOW CRAB AND KING CRAB.  THEY HAVE PRIME RIB, TURKEY, RACK OF LAMB, KOBE TENDERLOIN and some other various meats that didn't catch my eyes.. . This place is HUGE.  This place on saturday night at 6:30 is PACKED.  Plan accordingly.  The line wrapped along outside the casino passed the bathroom.  I asked an attendant how long is the wait.  He said an hour.  I then found one of the coolest things ever.  If you are less than a party of 4 and over 21, they will seat you immeadiatly at the bar.  When we were done (90 minutes later) people who were in front of us in the massive line were still far away from getting in.. . I only used caps in this review because a good buffet is judged by its crab legs and carving station.  . . I did do something new at a buffet. ,  one of my plates consisted of new food i have never tried. I cant remember what they were but i was impressed.. . Bottom line, if you only get one expensive buffet in vegas and you want your moneys worth... This is your jackpot!!!  I am glad i can put the vegas buffet debate to rest. This is the only review you will have to read.
Spicy Tuna Hand Roll. bam.. Sea Bass. Bam.. Creme Brulee. BAM.. . Best buffet I've tried in Vegas (I was able to hit up 3 others during the trip). Yup, we have us a winner, and I'd be back again and again. Everything else I had was good- not spectacular like the 3 items mentioned above but still very good. . Service was also surprisingly good for a buffet. All of our drinks came out in a timely manner, and their Pear Martini is schoo nomz. . Tip: If you have a large group (we had 25), swing by a few hours ahead of time and pre-pay so that you can skip the line when you're ready to eat. Otherwise, be prepared to wait- especially around dinner time. . . It's a shame though that I stuffed myself silly with food, martinis, and champagne...the proceeded to sit backwards in a limo where the driver didn't understand the concept of slowly accelerating and slowly braking, got carsick, and yacked everything up by the time I made it back to the hotel. Oh well. Viva Las Vegas!
2 thumbs up to all the seafood and yummy dessert~~
This buffet is Vegas in its grandest form of all-you-can eat dining. Everyone who can afford $40 to spend on a meal needs to make a stop by this great landmark. Of course there are other great buffets that serve better food like at the wind hotel, but I think it's like ten or 15 dollars more over there.. So anyways, me and my friends went to the Bellagio buffet for dinner and stood in line for like 30 minutes, but that's okay because once we sat down we ate for more than two hours straight. I could tell the waiters were getting annoyed at how long we were taking because for them time is money. They wanted us to hurry up, give them their stupid tip, and leave so that the next group of diners could sit down, hurry up and tip, leave, and so on. Screw those waiters. Don't mind the stairs they give you once you pass the one hour mark. Just tell them to clear your plates and keep the drinks coming in. Like WTF, those guys ain't even waiters because they don't even take your order. They are just overpaid busboys who think they deserve a $30 tip for clearing a table for a party of three. If I'm going to pay like $120 plus thirty bucks in tip for me and two other people to eat, I'm taking my sweet-ass time...know what I'm sayin'? So screw those busboys. I almost swear that having a loser job like that in Vegas makes more money than a professional lawyer or doctor in some small states nobody cares about like Wyoming, Arkansas, or the north part of California.. Whatever. Anyways, (-_-) I made sure all I ate was the expensive stuff. I skipped soup and salad. Who cares for that crap at a buffet? I don't even know why people load up on lettuce and clam chowder when there are delicacies like snow crab legs, shrimp cocktail, kobe-style filet-mignon, and paella Valencia waiting for them. If you're going to eat salad bar items, there is no need for you to come here. Just pay $4 and go across the street to McDonald's and get a salad shaker.. Have you ever seen a ghetto person at an expensive buffet? Hahaha, that was me at the Bellagio. I wasn't being rude and annoying or anything like that, but people could tell that I come from the other side of town, from Southern California. You can spot a ghetto person at a buffet by seeing the mountain of food on his/her plate while coming back from the buffet line, like he/she will never eat like that again. Or how about the ghetto people who come at the end of lunch hour to pay the reduced price and stay until dinner? We were going to do that, but unfortunately we got caught in one hour traffic on the Vegas trip, and we were late.. Anyways, hahaha. I really enjoyed my time. Have fun y'all!
Bellagio Buffet is standard for breakfast and lunch so don't judge it if you only ate here for breakfast or lunch.  Compared to other vegas buffets, it is a great buffet for dinner if you like your meats.   If you want crabs for lunch, go to Aria Buffet. . . Last time I ate at Bellagio Buffet Dinner was in March 2012.  They had quail, duck, lamp chops, kobe steaks, prime rib, decent tuna and salmon sushi.  When I woke up in the morning I lost weight.  WTF? :). . Cons:  The lines are almost always super long.   The Mlife players card Gold/Platinum members get to skip the line.   Getting Gold Status is worth it solely for this purpose if you come to Vegas more than once per year.
A group of seven of us whipped up to Vegas to have fun & bite our way through a few more of the Buffets there, & did we ever!  PLEASE, PLEASE don't let anybody BS you here.  This Buffet is nothing short of terrific (& so is the hotel!!)!!  We went for the Buffet at 11 AM on Tue, day before yesterday & DID NOT have to wait to enter, & DID NOT pay $23, $25, "$48 for two" or "$50 per person"!!!  Did any of these people actually eat here??. . Bellagio here had a huge selection of 179 main food items out, not counting sauces & dressings, & I started with a bowl of terrific Tortilla Soup.  From there, rather than list a bunch of dishes that may be different when you come, just let me say that all the food was great, the service was great & the place is beautiful.  It' easily became one of my favorite Buffets in the whole world & I say there's not a reason in the world for YOU not to love it too!!     :-)). . Weekday Lunch Buffet $19.95...  not the most expensive of the premium Strip Buffets, but some argue that it's the very best.  I think it's close!     :-))
I've been to MANY buffets in my lifetime, and this is one of the one's I'll likely remember for a while. A little pricey for a buffet, BUT well worth it given the quality and quantity of the food served.. . We arrived around 8pm and were seated promptly, and did not have to wait in long lines to fill our plates at the various food stations. The food was EXCELLENT - everything was delicious, fresh and well-presented. The waiter providing our drinks was pretty attentive, considering it was busy and he likely had more than a few tables to tend to. My only regret is that I got full more quickly than I'd hoped - always my gripe when it comes to buffets. . . I believe we paid $40-$50 to eat dinner here, which may seem a little high, when you can score a dinner buffet at another hotel for perhaps half that price - but I've been to enough $25 buffets to appreciate the quality and variety of a really good one like the Buffet at Bellagio. We got what we paid for, and I'll be back here again.. . PS. It seems people think tipping at a buffet is optional in Vegas. To you, I say, these are hard-working people bringing you your drinks and coffee. They may not be bringing you your dinner or dessert, but don't be so stingy!! TIP YOUR BUFFET WAIT STAFF, PEOPLE!! I watched a 60-year-old waiter get stiffed by more than a few tables, and that kind of thing just PISSES me off. If you ain't prepared to tip, go to McDonalds for dinner. Nuff said.
The food here is pretty good and the sushi is fresh. $30 for dinner weekdays is not bad considering other buffets in Vegas cost more. I will definitely come back.
This is the best buffet that I've ever had in my life - Vincent S. . . This buffet had everything. It's pricey, but it's definitely worth the $40 that we paid. It had Kobe beef and just about everything that we wanted to eat. The service was great. As soon as we got up to get a new plate, they quickly removed our plates. I was pleasantly surprised with everything that I tried. They even had homemade marshmallows. How do you make marshmallows? This place is insane.  They also have a substantial collection of desserts, but I don't eat dessert very much, so I'm going to withhold judgement on this. . . I'm writing this review two days after eating at this place. I am still full. I still don't really want to eat anything. Everything else that I had this weekend does not compare.. . My only issue with this place is the price, but if you're in Vegas, you can easily win all that money back at the casinos.
Meals always taste better when they are free.  Especially a buffet at the Bellagio!  My friend and I played credit card roulette to decide who pays for his buffet and the other persons.  Luckily for me, the cashier picked his credit card :) .  . . We came around lunch time, and the wait was minimal.  We paid and got seated within a few minutes.  Great!  Then we gathered a bunch of food and feasted.  I got the scrambled eggs, pesto mashed potatoes, pasta, fried rice, etc.  Everything tasted great.  I got seconds fairly quickly, when I should have rested for a little while.  I started to get full, and although I managed to get a third plate, I regretted the last.  . . Moving on to the desert, they had a ton of selection.  I got the cheesecake and bread pudding.  They tasted fantastic.  . . Free buffet? Win!
This place was great!  Also expensive.  The buffet costs $40 (before tip, after taxes), but the food was awesome and the service was great (though someone in our group telling the server that we'd be tipping after we finished might have helped with that).  They have a huge variety of food, so I didn't even have time to get through all of it, but the sushi and meats were pretty tasty, especially for a buffet.. . There're probably about a dozen different meats that the servers will cut for you, so if you love kobe beef, rack of lamb, and all that other good stuff, you'll probably love it here.  I wish I had been hungrier so I could've gone back for seconds, but trying one of everything was pretty good too.. . Also the desserts... I don't know if they always have the same stuff, but the home made marshmallows and meringues were delicious.. . Oh, and one of the biggest things you should watch out for... the lines.  I'm sure there're better off-peak hours you can probably get in more easily, but we went around 7 or 8ish, so it was PACKED.  If we had waited in line, it probably would've taken at LEAST an hour to get in.  Luckily a friend talked to one of the servers and got us to skip the line, I'm not sure how, but you might be able to skip the line if you have some sort of membership, or maybe just if you're a girl good at sweet talking waiters :P. . Overall: Awesome buffet with a lot of delicious food, but watch out for the long-ass line.
My boyfriend and I went yesterday for lunch ! I read all the reviews on yelp and decided that I wanted to check it out ! We decided to skip breakfast and save our apps for lunch ! Wow ! What a great buffet ! They have everything , salad bar station , meats and cheeses, ham , prime rib, ribs, oysters , Chinese food , American fair , overall , very American dinner would be excellent as they may have more seafood . At lunch 11 am there was  lots of fresh shrimp and the breakfast items ( eggs Benedict ) looked fresh and delicious . For the price , it was well worth it . But you have to go with a HUGE appitite ! It is great if you had a night of super partying and are super hung over!   Soooo much food , so small stomach ! Lol
The best buffet in town the salad bar is ammazing the best kind of delie meats, best food, wonderful shrimps and what can I say about the deserts I feel that I died and went to haven.The atmospher is wonderful, the service is great .If I had more stars I would give them and the price is very resonable for the quality of the food. Try it don't miss out.A+++++
The dinner buffet at the Bellagio is one of the best buffets in Vegas, hands down. I've been to Vegas every year since turning 21 and each time I look forward to this buffet.. . They have such a variety and high quality of food which separates it from the pack. They have Alaskan king crab, snow crab, shrimp, ribs, beef tenderloin, rack of lamb, kebobs, salad, sushi, sashimi, Asian favorites, pasta station, mussels, squid, and not to mention 20 types of desserts! I know the list above was not in any sort of order, but you get the idea.. . This is a place you don't want to miss out on. Being a foodie, ive sat here for 2 hours before. . . Tips:. - come in between lunch and dinner (read between the lines). - the guy at the pasta station will steam your snow crabs if you like them warm. . - there will always be a long line so come before the huge crowds for lunch and dinner. . --. Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
If you have to choose only one buffet to go in Vegas, it will be Bellagio for sure. . . Go with their weekends meal, it worthy it! . . great selection of food, fresh and tasty! . . I went to other buffet too in other hotels but got disappointed and went back to Bellagio again. it is best in vegas!
I rate The Buffet at Bellagio 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, I am also a frequent visitor to the Bellagio and specially The Buffet at Bellagio. This buffet is the best of the best without a doubt. I have tried many others nearby and they don't compare to the size, selection, food quality, selection, service and did I mention the wide range of selections? At a different hotel (W**n), I have left their buffet hungry due to poor selections--nothing to eat. I assure you that this is not a problem at The Buffet at Bellagio. I specially value the huge selection of Sushi and Japanese food--in fact, one whole pod of the buffet is dedicated to this! Great breads and desserts! The only problem with The Buffet is that you gotta pay attention to where you are seated as you can easily get lost!
This place gives buffets a good name. The food is always fresh and interesting. The breakfast and brunch are possibly the best in Las Vegas. The Friday and Saturday night gourmet dinner buffet, is unreal. Try Beef Wellington, Venison and Steak Tartar just to name a few.
My group and I ate here Sunday Memorial Day Weekend 2012. The wait was a long one, but the service was worth the wait. Our server was Leilani Q., if you are lucky enough to get her, thank your luck stars! She talked to us and she has been with the company for 19 years and Day 1 at the Buffet. SHE NEEDS A RAISE!!! She was on top of everything and made our meal delightful. For a champagne brunch the price was very reasonable compared to other places, I was shocked at how much less it was to other buffets. The food was okay, but just based on our server I will be back!
Going into this I knew I was going to come out of the restaurant looking like a whale so I put in an extra 10 miles of running the week we headed to Vegas! Got to the Buffet at the Bellagio and was all business, didn't waste time with rice, pasta or potatoes ( didn't pay 45 bucks to load up on carbs LOL). Salmon, rib eye steak, bbq ribs and lots of other good stuff!! This buffet has the best selection of food out of all the others in Vegas and almost everything I had was really good. The salmon could have used a bit more salt and the roast turkey was a little dry however turkey is not exactly easy to make just right so I'll cut them some slack ;). . No desserts, though they had a wicked selection but I don't need those types of sugars so I passed on them.. Overall I was very satisfied with this buffet and it still remains at the top of my list.. I'll have to put in 15 more miles the week we  head over to Vegas again, it's just that good :)
Bellagio Buffet is why I have Vegas withdrawals. When I first think about Vegas, my mind immediately jumps to.. BUFFET! And then which buffet? It's usually a battle between this and Wynn. The Buffet at Wynn is pretty amazing too, and then my mind wanders off to chocolate covered strawberries and Bellagio Buffet takes the cake! . . The prime rib is nice and juicy. The crab legs have a lot of meat in them. Good selection of pasta and pizzas too. Everything else was pretty good. And the desserts--the chocolate covered strawberrries FERSUREEEE! Strawberries are big and scrumptious full of juice and covered with the perfect layer of chocolate, not too creamy and not too dark. Withdrawals are happening right now as I'm typing! And the creme brulee was soooo yummy. I LOVE BELLAGIO BUFFET.
My favorite breakfast buffet. Great food and nice people. We got in fast and its worth the money. I especially loved the mini waffles with the Bellagio symbol on them.. I make it a point to come here when I'm in Vegas.
My experience here was nothing less than memorable.  As far as buffet's are concerned, The Buffet at Bellagio is the best buffet I've ever been to so far.  I have yet to the buffet at the Wynn, and maybe when I go there, this will get bumped to second, but I was extremely satisfied.. . I'll first start with the downsides of the buffet, which are relatively small and can be easily over looked.  First of all, if you go during peak dinner hours on a saturday night, expect at least a 45+ minute wait.  I can't ding the restaurant for being extremely successful though, but just keep that in mind. The food is totally worth the wait.  Second downside was the price.  I went with a group of more than 8 so they included an 18% gratuity before we even went in so the total price was close to $46 which is a little steep, but hey, YOLO.  Besides, its not like I go to vegas every weekend so splurging on a first time experience was something I needed to at least once.. . Now, after I waited out the 45 minutes of hunger pains and coughed up the dough to pay for the dinner, I was in heaven.  Surprisingly, the decor was more simple than I was expecting for The Bellagio, but it was nice and clean.  Who goes to a buffet to look at the walls anyway?  Within seconds of being shown to our table, I immediately jogged over to the food and nearly bit into it right in front of the chefs.  There were all sorts of meats and dishes from different cultures; japanese, chinese, italian, mexican, and more, and each one looked as appetizing as the next.. . I started with the heavy foods, the beef wellington, the roasted pepercorn roast beef, the kobe beef, the St Louis ribs, the pork loin, and herb crusted quail.  It reminded me of the scene from the Hunger Games when Katniss went to the Capitol and was introduced to extravagant foods for the first time.  I wish I had a third or fourth stomach so I could eat more than a fair share.  Anyhow, all the meats were superb, except for the kobe beef.  Mine was a tad bit dry, probably because it was cooked 30 minutes before I arrived, but non the less, it was still tasty.  All the other meats were so juicy and spectacular that my mouth is watering as I type this review and remember it all.. . After my first plate of heavy meats, I went on to try all the pastas in the Italian department.  There were several pasta dishes which I tried and can't remember the name of, but they were all fantastic as well.  Next up was the japense sushi, the chinese wontons, chinese chicken, chow mein, and pineapple fried rice.  The california rolls weren't all too fresh but they were decent.  The chinese food was pretty good and I have no complaints here.. . All in all, the asian food section of the bar was solid.  The real winner though for me was the assorted meats they had which really hit a home run for me.  I went back for seconds and thirds of the meat and ate until my stomach hated me and I regretted it.  I don't regret it actually.  Anyhow, the desserts there were great as well.  Not only was it great presentation, but they perfected the texture and taste.  My friends loved the macaroons and I love the raspberry sorbet.. . Two weeks of working out are now required to cleanse my body of the tsunami of calories that hit it.  So worth it though.
Even though it has been about 3 weeks since I left Las Vegas, I still think about the buffet at the Bellagio and my mouth starts to water.. . I went to Las Vegas as a 20-year old with my family, so I was not expecting any, you know, fun. We stopped at the Bellagio during their Father's day weekend special, so everybody had to pay the same price ($40). While that was a bit of a damper, we luckily breezed past the cashier-there seems to be no lines at around 5:30pm.... . The spread was fabulous. I usually eat buffets "strategically"-that is, I avoid the cheap fried rice, pizza, bread, salad, etc. Even with my odd buffet eating styles, I still filled my plate 5 times! What else can I say about this fabulous place?!. . Buffet Bellagio, thank you for making my Las Vegas experience somewhat bearable. You have opened my eyes to the wonders of the buffets and Las Vegas, and no other buffets will ever seem to match to the sheer quantity and quality of your food. If I ever get married in Las Vegas on a whim, my reception will most definitely be at this place.
The lines can be lengthy and gourmet dinner buffer at $37+ tax and tips including for kids over 3 yo is a bit pricey but it was worth every penny.  I have not eaten at a Wynn buffet, but this was the best buffet for variety and quality of food I probably have ever been to anywhere, not just in Vegas.
I ate here with 3 dining companions a couple of weeks ago on Friday. evening and so we were able to have the gourmet dinner.  It took us. about 20 minutes to get through the line before we made it into the. buffet but seeing how it was around 7 on a Friday evening, it was not. a big surprise.. . The buffet had everything that you would think a luxury buffet could. have from sushi and other seafood like cracked crab legs to many. different cuts of meat, desserts and also a good selection of. vegetables.  My personal favorites were the beef wellington, slice of. kobe beef and the BBQ chicken pizza.  Some of the things that I was. not as big of a fan of were the veal osso bucco which seemed to have a. weird flavor to it, the macaroni and cheese which looked wonderful but. had no flavor at all and the wahoo which was a bit dried out for my. taste.  They also had a wide array of desserts with the caramel flan. being my favorite of the bunch.  Overall, I really enjoyed it and was. happy to taste the wide array of foods that they were offering.. . The bottom line for me is that I would head back here in the future.. It was the best buffet that I have had on the strip and I have eaten. at quite a few of them.
And this is why if I lived in Vegas I'd be a fat ass.
I am rating specifically the BREAKFAST. I have no clue what the dinner is like. But for breakfast, this buffet has more options that any other I have been too. Also, the omelette making guy is awesome. I would come up to him and simply ask him to surprise me. The breakfast is well priced. The service is fast. And the location is of course in the beautiful Bellagio.
Great food!
Waited over an hour in line, but OMG was it good. Prime Rib was delicious, as was the excessive spread of everything under the sun. Diddnt eat the sushi, but my sister seemed to think it was okay. But I ate everything else just about. So if your standing in that long line depending on jumping out to play table games and slots.....DONT, its well worth it even if you have to unbutton your pants on the way out.
Hands down the best buffet I had in Vegas ... Granted I only had two while I was out there in Vegas, But compared to The Wicked Spoon in The Cosmo this was hands down the best Buffet. Give it a try what do you have to lose ..but if your disappointed don't come crying to me.
This is one off favorite buffets in Vegas.  It really isn't that much more expensive that most of the other buffets on the strip, but the quality of food is SO much better than rest.  Definitely worth the extra cost.
This place is GREAT!! The food is wonderful, lots of variety, and yes the champagne flows like the Nile for those of you who are into that. We both enjoyed the prime rib, spicy tuna hand rolls, and blue cheese chicken tomato pasta the most. I really liked the eggs Benedict and smoked salmon as well. Wife also said that dessert was good, but I didn't make it that far. What really set this experience off was that we did NOT have to wait inline. We got here on last Saturday afternoon at around 1ish(plus or minus an hour because I forget the exact time. no I was NOT hungover or drunk), and as I was scoping out the line, I just so happened to run into the bartender who took the wife and I straight in. I later learn that they have to go out and bring parties of 2 to sit at the bar, and I came at the right time because he did not feel like walking all the way to the back of the line. I guess you get a lot of groups here. So here is a quick tip that they passed to me upon leaving: go in through the exit and check the bar if there are only 2 of you. That just may save you an 1.5 hour wait like it did us! Having said all that, great food, and great people with no wait made this a great experience, hence the 5 stars.
Love the buffet options on Friday's! You have a wide range of options from beef or salmon wellington, to rack of lamb, sashimi, crab, huge chocolate covered strawberries, and more. This is the only buffer in Vegas where I eat the most and leave the place with a huge poppin belly. . . This is by far my favorite buffet on the Strip.
You come to Vegas for the best and this is it. Being a Vegas born resident I have tried many buffets and the Bellagio tops my list.. . Pros:. Great selection of : salmon, bass, cold and hot seafood . Amazing beef such as the turkey Kobe beef, and prime rib. Huge selection of deserts which include: flan, ice cream, cakes, fruits, baked good and termiasu.. Great crab. . Cons:. Long wait usually 45- 1 hour+. . My favorite dishes were the prime rib and the hot, juicy muscles, and i loved the snow crab. If your like me that can eat a lot of gourmet food the Bellagio is the best bang for your buck.
I love coming for the Grand Buffet at the Bellagio.  It's expensive but worth it.  You get to try things you normally wouldn't get to try.  Get there early the lines can get long.. I love the Seaweed Salad, Beef Wellington, Crab and Shrimp.  It's been awhile since I have been but I wanted to weigh in.  . . I love the Spice Market Buffet and the Rio Seafood Buffet as well.
While I have only eaten the buffet at Bellagio only once, this is definitely one of my favorites.  Since most buffets cost about $26-30, I would much rather pick Bellagio since it has a larger selection of sushi.  Service is attentive and the line moves slowly, but surely.  . . Some of the meat cuts were dry, but I'm not much a meat eater.  They also cut the crab legs for you (a definitely plus for those who love crab) and they also have a great selection of fish.  I didn't find their dessert/soup section that extraordinary, but I don't think anyone goes to a buffet to fill up on dessert or soup as the main course!
The BEST tasting full flavored Kobe Beef anywhere in Las Vegas!
Beautiful cold crab legs, wonderful mini creme brule! I love it so much!
Great food and great service! Enough said!
Ate here during the weekend brunch.  SO AMAZING.  And for only $33 with champagne, in Vegas?  Such a good deal.. . Had biggest selection ever, with the highest quality ever.  . . My entire group of 10 people wanted to cry when we were full and couldn't eat anymore, because there was just so much more delicious food to try!!!
The Buffet at the Bellagio is a must stop on anyone Vegas trip.  I've been to Vegas three times now and haven't missed it yet.  It's huge and they have tons of choices from seafood, prime rib, salad bar, Asian, Mexican, desert bar, and everything in between.  It's best to go after 10am or on the weekends when they have brunch and bottomless mimosas for only $30!!  Seriously.....the mashed potatoes are the best I've ever had!!!!
I come here for brunch on my final day in Vegas and it was the perfect way to wrap up my trip! In Vegas, I think this place is as good as it gets!. . There will be a line... a long one, but trust me it's worth the wait.. . Great food & great options! ENJOY!
This place is absolutely amazing!  You can get every type of food known in all different cuisines.  They usually always have some type of carving stations open meaning beef (the beef during lunch is usually a skirt steak that is amazing at night it is usually prime rib and sometimes kobe beef.  The prime rib is usually quite good and the kobe is amazing.  They have a large vegetable station including my favorite glazed carrots.  . . They have so many other types of foods it is hard to list them all.  A few tips, getting there at 3PM during lunch allows you to pay lunch prices before dinner starts (depending on the length of the line) but you get the best of both if you don't mind waiting for dinner stuff to come out.   This place is almost always busy but if you have Pearl status in MGM Grand's players club you get a line pass.  It is not terribly hard to get to Pearl status by just staying at the properties so look into it if you frequent this buffet the line pass is awesome.  And the Sunday brunch is quite amazing.  You get crab legs with the Sunday dinner but not much else so I would go at 330 on Sunday's again to get the brunch price with dinner foods. . . The desserts for me were a mixed bag. They have a ton of different things to choose from and I am not a total desert person so for me I am more into simple things and they are much more exotic at this buffet so not bad by any means but if you prefer vanilla ice cream let's say you might be a bit disappointed in the deserts.
This buffet still and is one of the top buffets in Las Vegas from the top notch service, upscale design and food options. This shows how much a buffet of this caliber still is one of the Top 5 buffets in Vegas. . . -IMHO-. . My top 5 buffets are:. . Bellagio - The Buffet. Wynn - The Buffet. Mirage - Cravings. Planet Hollywood - Spice Market Buffet. Mandalay Bay - Bayside Buffet. . The buffet line can get really long but mostly on weekends and the time of day but if your an Mlife Gold member, you have your own line and no wait! Just some perks of being an Mlife card holder. ;). . The buffet is expensive especially in a hotel like Bellagio but one thing I heard was to come an hour early to pay for the breakfast price or punch price before they start switching the plates and you save around $12 - $20 USD. Not bad Ehhh..... . The selection is superb which only a buffet like Bellagio would have with a meat station that has Kobe beef, juicy and tender prime rib, suculent baby pigs, chicken and Roast beef.. . The seafood section which is my favorite part if the buffet, second would be dessert, has the huge large size shrimp in ice with the cocktail sauce on the side and the king crab legs which are already cut in half so you don't have to break the legs and dig the meet out but they have clampers available. . . The desert section is just a half circle in the buffet and includes different kinds of cookies, cakes, pastries and last but not least GELATO!! =P . . What also seperates this buffet with the other strip buffets is that it has a restroom located inside the buffet so you don't have to walk outside through the casino and be tempted to gamble. Most buffets were designed for to walk out when using the restroom and gamble but this to me was a +++.  Did I mention the customer aervicewas excellent, one incident proved how my waitress went above and beyond for their buffet guests. I was planning on going back to get a new plate and decided to leave my cell phone on the table and when I came back to my table it disappeared and I thought someone had stolen it. Then my waitress came back and told me she thought I had left the buffet and wanted to keep it in safe hands incase it went amiss and I was so impressed with what she had done especially watching out for the customer. I couldn't remember her name but I do remember what she looked like and I'll never forget how honest and caring she was unlike other waitresses in buffets who were just having a bad day. Psssh!. . I shall return to this buffet eveytime I visit Vegas.. . =()
I'm preaching to the choir but this seriously is an excellent buffet! This along with the Paris Champagne Brunch Buffet are the favs. This place is all about the food food food. . . The selection of foods is excellent E,g,.tender meats, fresh fruits like berry platters, always just an amazing selection and quality for the price. Fresh shrimp cocktail, etc etc. Desserts are tasty creme brulee among tons more.. . Let me emphasize that while every hotel has a buffet, this place has QUALITY food and selection worthy of kings. Mmm mmmm - this is always a must-do when we hit up Vegas. . . Atmosphere is a bit just fuddy duddy, but that's ok, it's all about the food!
Excellent selection of seafood, meats, breads/cheeses and everything else. The deserts are divine! However, I found sushi to be rather mediocre. But than again, you don't really go for a quality sushi to a buffet. . Crab legs were sliced in half, so you don't have to crack them. The shrimps are already peeled. . Overall - great experience. . Definitely recommend it.
The Buffet at Bellagio is so good! It's definitely on the pricier side for $37 per person for dinner, but it turns out to be a great value considering their vast selection of food and great service.. . True, this place isn't as fancy as Wicked Spoon, but I'd say the food at the Bellagio is superior. There were so many different things to choose from, and almost everything I tried was tasty rather than just a few things. Some of the things I enjoyed included the prime rib, all of the pasta dishes, the super yummy mashed potatoes, the even yummier pesto mashed potatoes, and the creme brulee. Unfortunately, the mac and cheese didn't stand out to me, but considering the wealth of amazing food they have, I don't think that merits any form of deduction in rating.. . The line is ridiculously long, so don't come hungry! I'd suggest coming 1-2 hours before you think your stomach will start growling. It's worth it!
I love the Bellgaio Buffet!!!!. . We came here on a weekday for dinner so the price was somewhat cheaper compare to the weekend, but the food was absolutely amazing considering its selection. Some of the food items that were served included 1) Snow Crab legs 2) Alaskan King Crab Legs 3) Shrimp Cocktail 4) Mussels 5) California Sushi Roll 6) Salmon and Tuna Nigiri 7) Macaroon 8) Watermelon 9) Ice Cream 10) Variations of Cheese and a lot more. Great service as well.. . I would recommend coming early considering the line was quite long when we left around 7:00pm.. . Pricing for the Buffet (from the website):. . Lunch $19.99. Monday - Friday 11:00am - 4:00pm. . Dinner $29.99. Sunday - Thursday 4:00pm - 10:00pm. . Gourmet Dinner $36.99. Friday - Saturday 4:00pm - 10:00pm. . Weekend Brunch $24.99
My favorite buffet in Las Vegas!  The sea bass is stellar.  The carrots, of all things, are so good.  In fact, this buffet does vegetables with great care, from green beans to pesto whipped potatoes.  . The spicy tuna hand rolls are a great starter.  Ask for them by the sushi.  The soups are always fabu, the manhattan clam chowder being my fave.  Yes, they have peeled shrimp, pizza, carving stations...all the usuals.  I suggest branching out a bit.  Try the smoked trout, cous cous with peas and mushrooms, beef bourguignon.  For dessert, the carrot cake gets a big thumbs up.  Bon appetit!
Excellence. That is all.
I've only ever come here for lunch, which runs around $20. Food is fantastic. You come here expecting more upscale dishes, it being in the Bellagio, and you get just that. I make a run here every time I'm near the Bellagio.
The chef was very accommodating to give us a tour of the entire buffet (We being vegetarians). Also she made some special vegetarian dishes based on our request.. . Apart from that the food was really good with a lot ( I mean lot) of options ranging from Italian, Chinese, Japanese (The veg sushi was absolutely delicious), Mexican etc.
If you're a guy and need to take a dump midway through your meal, use the restrooms located right outside of the buffet; it's way cleaner! Time for round two!
Bellagio was beautiful and the buffet was awesome. There was soo much food and everything was up to par. I also enjoyed the buffet a tad bit more than everyone else since I was buzzed the whole time, but I remembered how good the food was ;)
The best buffet I've ever been to!
I love this buffet, especially the champagne brunch, the price is great, and the prime rib is excellent. I have eaten everywhere in vegas, but keep coming back here.
Legit buffet.  I went with a group of about 15 people, as we were in Vegas for a friend's 30th birthday.  # 1 - All you can drink mimosas, which is genius in a town where 99% of the visitors are hungover.  # 2 - VARIETY!  You can seriously get anything you want at this buffet.  # 3 - Service.  Our waitress came by our table just about every 10 minutes to refill our mimosas, coffee, and water.  # 4 - Atmosphere.  I mean, it is the Bellagio - the quintessential Vegas experience.  If you are considering doing it - do it.
Best buffet I've ever been to -- although even at 4:30 PM, you will have to stand in line for about an hour.. Cost about $37 when I went, and it was better than some $45 buffets I've been to in LA.. All-you-can-eat Macarons? Yes indeed.
I gave it 5 stars because I've eaten at several buffets in Vegas and there's only one other that compares (Bachanal Buffet at Ceasar's Palace). I'm going to include this at the top of my review: IF THERE ARE ONLY TWO OF YOU...DO NOT WAIT IN LINE. Go to the front and ask to sit at the bar. The wait was over 45 minutes, but thanks to another reviewer, we read that smaller parties can sit at the bar and jump the line. Just ask the hostess to check for you. Our entire meal lasted almost 2 hours and we were the only two people sitting there so we got to know our bartender and had a great time. . . We went here for dinner and even though it's over $40 per person for dinner, it's cheaper than two people eating at any of the high end restaurants in the Casino. Some of the pasta was a little over cooked, but the selection was great and the desserts were awesome. Mini creme brulee, eclairs, tiramisu, soft serve ice cream, Frangelico cups, macaroons, carrot cake, etc The dessert bar at Ceasar's is definitely larger, but the Bellagio's was still impressive and everything on it was great. For dinner, there were two types of fish, two types of crab legs, cocktail shrimp, several meat carving stations, mid grade sushi that I didn't try because I'm picky and there were things that looked better, salad, pizza, and pastas. The bread selection was good with several artisan breads and our service was great. I forget her name, but she was just the cutest southern lady and we had a great time talking with her while we ate.
Yummy lunch buffet! Lots of different foods and vegetarian options. This only my second buffet in Vegas but there's a good chance I will be returning my next trip! Warning: the sushi doesn't come out until 12. So be prepared to sit if you get there early!
5 stars is definitely worth it for this buffet. This is kinda one of those buffet where you should dress up a bit since many people would feel out of place when they're wearing a t-shirt with athletic shorts so the least you should wear is a button down collared shirt. After i got off of the bus to bellagio, we walked to the buffet. There is a wait and I can see why many people came. After about an hour of waiting in line, we got in and got seated. The food has tons of variety so I stuffed my face with paella, sashimi, crab legs, and roast lamb. The desserts were AMAZING. The bread pudding, raspberry tart, banana foster, and the rest of the desserts were so good not to mention very pretty looking. After I couldn't eat another bite, I could see why the dinner price is over 30 bucks a person. Come over here for dinner and you won't regret it. If you're too lazy to walk over here, then just take the double decker bus since bellagio is in the central area of the strip.
It was Sunday before the Christmas and the waiting line was ridiculously long. We waited about a hour before we were seated. After we were seated, our waiter immediately took our drink orders. Once we had our drinks, we were ready to chow down the whole buffet! . . Price: Holiday dinner was $47.99. . . Dining atmosphere wasn't as fancy as the Wicked Spoon; however, I like the food here better than the Wicked Spoon's. What do you get for $47.99? Smoked salmon, Chinese duck, Chinese broccoli, lamb chops, prime ribs, goose meat, sushi, nigiri, gnocchi bolognese, beef wellington, and tasty desserts. Oh, they also had the taco station and shrimp cocktail!. . The good: Lamb chops were simply amazing! Not only the seasoning was just right, lambs were tender and juicy! Chinese duck and broccoli were actually pretty good. As for the dessert, pecan pie tasted soooooo good! . . The Bad: Miso soup was fairly salty. . . Disappointment: They ran out of creme brulee =(. . Other than the long waiting line, it was definitely an amazing buffet experience. The food at the Bellagio is definitely far more superior than the Wicked Spoon's. Would I come back here if I get another chance? Hell yea!
I was in Las Vegas for the first time and of course, wanted to try out a buffet! I couldn't have made a better choice. The buffet at the Bellagio was perfect! I went during the later end of the lunch period (to get a slightly cheaper price) and didn't need to eat anything else until much later that evening. The buffet has everything you could ever crave! They had a variety of pizzas, sliders, pastas, soups, turkey, sushi, oriental food, mexican food, not to mention their desserts. There is truly something for everyone. The restaurant is very clean and the wait staff was really good about refilling drinks, bringing coffee, and clearing plates when necessary. I will definitely return next time I am in Vegas!
Best buffet in town. Not a big seafood eater but I'm expanding my taste bud horizons and tried the crab...Bomb!!! . What to try: hand rolls(ask them and they'll make it for you if it's dinner time), poki bowls, crab, gnocchi, creme brulee....so yummy! . I'm not a salad kinda gal but I did like their selections of salads...the ones where they pour it for you and you have to wait in line. This is the kinda of buffet where you won't fill yourself up on crap like pizza and fried chicken (although I love fried chicken). You'll definitely get your money's worth.  . . By far the best buffet in Vegas and will go there every time!
I go to Vegas about once a year and have been since the days of Comdex (remember that one, kiddies?), and The Buffet at the Bellagio is still the best in Vegas, fighting off challengers like Wynn and Cosmopoitan (Wicked Spoon). Here are the two main reasons why:. . 1) For $38 for their weekend gourmet dinner, you get an immense selection of relatively high quality food. Go to a very ordinary non-buffet restaurant on The Strip and Vegas and $38 gets you a very mediocre steak and maybe an appetizer. At the Bellagio, you get an unlimited amount of relatively expensive foods like prime rib, Chilean sea bass, Kobe beef, sushi, Peking duck, etc.. . 2) The selection is more plentiful and higher quality than at Wynn and The Wicked Spoon. Sure, if you like a smaller selection of lower quality food *but* in small, expensive containers that's made in France, go to The Wicked Spoon. That actually adds negative value for me as the superfluous containers takes up previous space on my plate!. . After all these years, the Buffet at the Bellagio is still the best.
I read a lot of reviews about this buffet so on our last day I made sure to drop in as we were staying at the Bellagio.. . Oh. My. God. This place was awesome! Not only did it have the widest choice of options I have ever seen at a buffet, the quality and presentation was like a top restaurant!. . Highly recommend going here if you're after a good feed. Plenty of healthy choices as well but I must admit I gave in to quite a few of those tasty pastries... :)
Just Do it! I have never seen so many QUALITY options at buffet in my life. The sushi in particular was melt in your mouth amazing. 2 kinds of poke! I'm not a big desert person, but save room! The pastries looked too good to be true. Its not cheap by any means, but its on par with what you would spend at any decent establishment in Vegas.. . Pros. High quality ingredients. Variety. Presentation/Execution. . Cons. I felt like I needed a wheelchair when I was done!
The buffets in Vegas are greatly over rated and have started to get pricey to the point that a fine dining meal is often a better choice.  The Bellagio Buffet is probably the most consistently excellent food for buffet style dining.  They have an excellent selection of high quality ingredients that few places can match.  The flavor and cooking isn't always where it should be but that is the trade off challenge with buffet dining.  The biggest negative is that the legend of this place precedes it so there are often long lines to enter this gastronomic experience.  I would certainly recommend you experience dinner here at least once in your life and you might make a habit of it on your subsequent Vegas visits.
This review is for the weekend champagne brunch.  I've been to most of the buffets in Vegas, and Bellagio is definitely one of the pricier ones, but also the best. It's also one of the only buffets to have their champagne brunch on Saturday as well as Sunday.. . First and foremost - they are not stingy with the champagne here, so if you're coming with a big group and you get here early, you DEFINITELY get your money's worth.. . Second, the food is pretty much classic buffet food (if you're looking for fine cuisine, don't look in the buffet), but the overall quality and selection of the food is better than most other Vegas buffets.  Their prime rib station is key (and actually good), the desert station is great, and the salad section is well stocked and fresh.  . . Overall, if you're looking for a champagne brunch buffet where you can spend some time, eat your heart out, and drink like a champion, Bellagio is the place for you.
We came here for the Champagne Brunch early on a Saturday morning.  Early being around 8:30 AM.  In Vegas time I think this might count as early anyway.  When we arrived, there was absolutely no line and plenty of places to sit.  . . I was quite impressed with everything I ate and was sufficiently stuffed for the whole day.  There was plenty to choose from: prime rib, omelets, crab legs, shrimp, baked goods and much, much more.  . . The mimosas kept flowing.  No matter how low that glass got, our server was right there to fill it up.  And when we just couldn't finish another glass, she told us we could take it to go.  Awesome... only in Las Vegas do I find it okay to have a buzz at 10 in the morning. . . Compared to our meal at the Bachannal at Ceaser's, this came out on top for quality and price.  All in all a good meal and another nod to the Travel Channel for leading me here.
LOL you know I read some reviews from time to time and it amazes me how some people have the highest expectation on things like buffets. Hey you want 5 star food go to a 5 star restaurant. . . If you are expecting it from a buffet then your not very smart when it comes to eating out.  And if your expectation was judge solely on what you saw on the travel channels best places to eat then maybe you should of done a little research on your own before running in full throttle.. .  With that said this buffet is way above average. Much better then most buffet places I have been to throughout the U.S. The quality is pretty good and the choices are just as good. When going to any buffet expect the worst then be surprised when you prove yourself wrong. Good eats IMO as for as buffet go.
best buffet in the city. going to warn you all right now. its a little pricey but its worth it. the food here is nothing short of five star..go monday-thursday. i usually try to stay away during the weekends cause of the high amounts of LA people.
Still my favorite buffet every time I visit.  Like another reviewer wrote, if you love Alaskan king crab legs, this is the place to hit.  They were pretty big and already cut in half so digging for the meat was fairly easy.  The creme brulee goes fast so get it when they come out.  A large selection of food.   Definitely worth the $$$.
1 word best describes this buffet: decadent. The amount of variety in the foods they offered was crazy!!! Tables and stations full of lots of different items: seafood, steak, turkey, sides, sushi, veggies, and of course, desserts. Some items were cheap throwaways for people to fill up on, just like all buffets, but the big ticket items were ON POINT! I was extremely satisfied by 5 or 6 items there. I filled up on king crab legs, prime rib with au jus, mashed potatoes with gravy, tuna hand rolls, mini belgian waffles, and fresh fruits. . . The desserts were all beautifully displayed. The only disappointment was the bread pudding, which looked and ultimately tasted disgusting. They have sauces on the side like creme anglais or chocolate and caramel sauces, which we used sparingly to try and save the bread pudding, but it made it so much worse! My favorites were the tiramisu, black and white chocolate "bomb," and the mini pecan pie with a chocolate surprise in the middle! (the crust on that was to die for!!!). . This place was definitely worth the value, and DEFINITELY worth the wait. The line for brunch loked intimidating, extending out the door and around the corner into the casino, but it went by fast, maybe 15 minutes. The server we had was great. Sodas are included in the buffet price, but alcoholic drinks are unlimited for $8. I had a "virgin" bloody mary and it was spicy but delish.. . I loved it!
Without a doubt, one of the best buffets on the strip.  Their seafood selection is tops, with large shrimp to boot.  They also typically have a great selection of side dishes.  If you get there before 6pm you may even get lucky and miss the line!  It's ~$40 per person, but if you're into seafood you'll find that quite a bargain.
LOOOOOVE it. I've been here twice now and this time we did NOT have to wait over two hours!! We must have got there right at the right time though because when we left, the line was loooooong. . Everything was freakin' GOOD. My favorite of course were the King Crab legs! They are split open for you and just waaaaaaaaiting to be devoured! Tip: Take your cold crab legs to the taco station and ask them to steam them for you! And don't forget to TIP!!! . NOM NOM NOM!
Tons.. and tons and tons of excellent food. Price is reasonable. Recommended! Get everything you want!
ok..here's what y'all need to know. . sushi section, ask the sushi chef to hand you one of those freshly made fresh tasting spicy tuna hand rolls...omg...i felt so embarassed since i went there for like...5 or 6 times asking for 10 at least...and my friend even went and asked for me a few times since i was getting embarassed.... . grilled lamb chop from the grill section...omg..those things just fly away the moment the grill master puts them out....who can blame them...i grab like at least 3 each time...within 30secs..they'll be all gone . . dessert section is mostly good...the wicket spoon did have a gelato section though. . server was very professional and friendly...well worth the money and 1hour+ wait
The Bellagio is old.  There are newer casinos in Vegas which cost much more money and have impressive restaurant credentials.  And that means absolutely nothing.  This casino has stood the test of time and makes a solid commitment to old-school decor and sheer class.. . The  Bellagio Buffet shows its age in the best of ways: upscale menu items usually reserved for 5-star restaurants.  This place offers some of the best beef wellington and prime rib you can find.  Mouth-watering Alaskan King Crab legs, juicy Chilean sea bass, and more variety than you can sample in a single sitting.  . . Skip the dessert items.   Not because they're bad, just because you'll want to spend every ounce of space on the main courses.  The Bellagio Buffet is here to stay!
This is one of my top 3 favorite buffets on the strip. This is probably the buffet I go to most often besides the one inside M Resort. I love their crab legs, sea bass, and meats. Their desserts are pretty good too. I wish there was a better selection of sushi here but I can't complain as their other selections are great.
oh my goodness...oh my goodness...oh my..... . amazing!. . nuff said.
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas! definitely my favorite buffet. There is everything here to eat. I usually go on the weekend for the champagne brunch but line is always very long. It was so long last time we had went that we jumped out of line and went somewhere else to satisfy our hunger. My recommendation is go early or go before you get hungry so that way when you finally get seated and reach the buffet you are will be ready to eat.
Oh how I love the food here everything is very good I come here every time I visit Vegas. I really enjoy the crab legs and mashed potatoes.
Yum. I want to go right now.. . I was on vacation here in February. I made a few dinner reservations, but left some nights open in case we saw something we wanted to try. One of those places turned out to be the Bellagio Buffet, thank god.. . The line was insanely long, but a server came out and asked if anyone minded sitting at the bar, they could take you immediately. I shot my hand up, and off we went, cutting everyone. You get the same exact experience at the bar, maybe even better. Your soda is filled up pronto! Who needs a server here, it's a buffet!. . The food was really good. I loved the beef selections, unique pizzas, pesto pasta, and dessert section. My boyfriend stuffed himself with fish that I can't spell. We loved this place so much, that we came back again 2 days later. We knew what we really liked, so it was less of a stuff our face event the second time around.. . For $32 per person, a huge selection of delicious food, and pleasant service, it was awesome. I often find myself sitting and thinking about this place...
OMG so much food and so fancy!!! Just to start, you better get here early because the line-up is about an hour long. You can by-pass it by paying the hostess $15 extra a person. Once you're inside, it's food heaven! So much variety and high quality items. There was steak tartare, Alaskan king crab legs, sushi and sashimi, sea bass, prime rib, etc. so much good food and the desserts were just as amazing. No wonder it's one of the busiest buffets in Vegas. You will leave completely stuffed and very satisfied.
I've been to this buffet a few times during lunch hours.  . . I always thought the food was extraordinary.  . . If I remember correctly on my last visit, I ate a couple slices of pizza, a couple scoops of mashed potato, bunch of flavored mushrooms, a few chicken legs, a couple slices of meat, some egg rolls and california rolls, two other veggie related foods, and then had a carrot cake with some ice cream.  They were all delicious.. . Just to throw in a negative, I found this buffet to be way more compact than every other buffet I've been to. . . Still, this place will always be on my to-go list on my future trips.  I've ate at other buffets (including the buffet at Rio, Cravings at Mirage, Wicked Spoon), and I'll put Bellagio's ahead of them (although Wicked Spoon might be as good).  . . I'd definitely recommend this buffet to anyone.
A little pricey, but amazing.  They've every type of food you could hunger for.
Loved it, went for dinner. It's worth the wait. The food was of high quality and seasoned nicely. The grilled salmon was excellent! Also the crab legs are cut in half so it is easier for you to eat the meat right out of it. Has many varieties of ethnic foods. Loved the desserts as well. We came back later in the week for the breakfast buffet which was good too. The eggs Benedict were not my type, too tangy tasting. Go in the middle of week to get best prices!
I absolutely LOVE this buffet!  I've been to the Buffet at the Bellagio about four times now including several holiday weekends and have never had to wait more than 15 minutes in line.  . . I recently came here during 4th of July weekend and their brunch was only $35.00 where places like the Wynn and Paris were charging $60.00 for holiday brunch (OUTRAGEOUS, and no your $60.00 does not include alcohol).  Regularly it is around $30.00 for brunch which is reasonable considering everything they serve is delicious.  Honestly, I have never tried anything here that wasn't good.  Also they have every kind of food you can want: breakfast dishes, prime rib, sushi, asian, shrimp/crab (depending on when you come), cheeses, salad bar, and lots of yummy desserts.  . . Additionally, the last time I dined her my friends and I also got the all you can drink champagne which is only $10.00 (you can also get all you can drink bloody marys, beer, or margaritas) which I think is a steal.  . . The service here is also great, last time we came here our waitress did an amazing job of serving us which I really appreciate because buffets tend to be lacking on their service and I hate when you are dining and no one comes to refill your water for like half an hour.  . . Overall, I would highly suggest this buffet, it is definately WORTH the price!
as far as vegas buffets go - this is the benchmark. . . *super clean. *super accomodating . *plenty of vegan options (including sorbet, asian options, oatmeal, fruit, salad, soy milk). *fast service . *FUN TIME . . i had *the best* time at this all you can drink buffet and i think the value for the dollar is fair.  while this is *expensive* you do get a quality experience.
soooooo gooood! At $32, it's a steal! I paid $30 for the garbage buffet at the Rio. For 2 dollars more, I had the best buffet experience ever! yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
So many choices to choose from. High quality fish. I had so much sushi. I was heaven. . . One gripe is I got kobe beef and it was perfect. Tender and pink.  My husband's kobe beef looked terrible.  It was iver cooked.  He didnt finish it. It looked as if I had cooked it (not a good thing). . With the prices if restaurants on the strip I woukd eat at this buffet any day. Everyone got enough to eat with dessert for under 100. . If you are debating buffets I would say it is easily a toss between Bellagio or Wynn. The food is equal but Wynns decor may be a bit less "stuffy"
Hot damn this place is good!  I think the hubbie would give 7 stars if he could.  He must have eaten $100 worth of crab legs alone... Not to mention rack of lamb, ostrich, prime rib, quail, Kobe beef, swordfish...... . Definitely a stand by buffet, and will be back... unless we try out all the other Vegas buffets first!
Love this buffet!  Caviar, Crab legs, Creme Brulee, oh my!  The quality of the food is top notch.  I've been to all of the other buffets in vegas, and I keep coming back to this one.   Sry Bacchanal
As good as it gets. Seriously. Everything I ate was phenomenal. Prime rib, Brussels sprouts, carrots YUM!!! My only knock would be on the crab legs - just give us crackers please. Thanks Bellagio!!!! Enjoyed the buffet!!!!
Went to the breakfast buffet here- it was pretty good vast variety, including lox, eggs in any way, pastries, etc. They had the really good jams in mini containers, which was awesome. Great service. My only complaint is that there were no custom crepes, and no brie!! I'd expect Bellagio to have that. They were switching out the plates to lunch by the end of our run, but we were so stuffed we had to pass. I'd give it a 4.5 but rounded up because I'm sure lunch and dinner also have amazing choices.
I have been to this buffet a couple of times in the past. I have always had a good experience, and the food is really well prepared! it's defintely worth every penny
I love this buffet. Its inside the Bellagio Hotel. I love it!!. . The waitress was soo nice, even gave us the champagne glass to walk around the strip. Even finished the whole bottle for us.. . I was with my friends. The food was great. So many selections to choose and very tasty.. . I would definitely come back when I go visit Vegas again.
Yum! We went to a few brunch places and this was definitely the best. The food is delicious and everything goes together. The sun dried tomato pasta was my great and the cheesecake was to die for. I would probably pay the $22 just for the cheesecake, it was that good. . . This place is pretty expensive and mimosas are not included.
I prefer it to one at the Wynn but both are probably among the best in Las Vegas.  Maybe it was constant refilling of crab legs when I went for dinner once, or the time the chef cooking my omelette calling me sir was carefully using his spatula to make sure every corner of the egg was cookedevenly.  There is a bit of a line and it is a little bit more than others on the Strip but these little details that make all the difference.
Wir fanden das Buffett im Bellagio hervorragend. Die Qualitat und die Auswahl der speisen lasst keine Wunsche ubrig, sehr sauber.
Going to the Bellagio for the first time later this year.  Looking forward to it.  I cannot BELIEVE the people complaining about paying $50 (or less) for all you can eat crab, prime rib and shrimp.  We're not loaded by any means, but $50 seems like a fair deal to me for high end fare.   All you can eat Alaskan King crab, shrimp and dessert, here I come.
This place is the best. The shrimp were large and had no veins. ( not like Rio ) . The king crab was precut. Very easy to eat. Prime rib was great. Worth every $. Best buffet I have been to for $32. Will be back.
Best buffet my wife and I have ever been to. In fact I'd probably never even though about giving a buffet over 4 stars just because that's not possible one would think. . . Trick, we got there at 3:30 (lunch price) there was no line and beat the people at 3:45 when the line got long doing this. They switch over to dinner (where the real good food is) about 3:45-4 so you get the lunch prices while eating the dinner food. Just take a while and wait for the change over you will not regret it. Also a lot seem to complain about the service but my iced tea was always full and we never had a bunch of extra plates laying around.. . Most all the food we tried was excellent, sit down restaurant quality. . . Beef Wellington with foie gras . King (and snow) Crab . Pork Belly. Sushi. Lamb Chops. Caviar. Wahoo. Sea Bass. Prime Rib. So many other dishes I forget... . . And the deserts, ridiculous. . . We're not big buffet people anymore (7-10 years ago maybe, but not anymore we like service) but this is one stop that will be a vegas staple. I've probably been to 10 different Vegas buffets over the years (some at other 5* hotels and some not) the only other one I'd probably go back to besides this one at this point is the Sunday Brunch at Paris and even that doesn't rival this one.
Never disappointing, and the food is always fresh and variety is wide...  I'm not sure what type of traveler or diner will give the Bellagio Buffet a negative review, but to me, a frequent visitor, it hits the spot to fight those hunger pangs...  My future wife and I went there at 5PM on Wednesday, and the legendary lines were non-existent!  Once seated, it was time to select our food.  The sushi bar, hot food and salads were top notch, and fresh seafood was not fishy smelling or just sitting there.  Only gripe was with the "Kobe Beef", which was on the tough side.  Other than that, the king crab legs, their pizza and cooked seafood was excellent, not to mention the fancy desserts, which was hard to pass up, even on a full stomach.  . . Service was attentive, and everyone received attention, not only the so-called "high roller" types, the seats were comfortable, and tables were set in a way where you don't intrude in other people's space while dining.. . I believe that though you don't go to the weekend "gourmet" buffet dinner for an extra $3-4 bucks, a regular weekday evening buffet is just perfect, even for families.  It was by virtue of two comp dinners through MyVegas that we both enjoyed the experience, and will always go back for more when visiting Bellagio again in the future!
Get an M Life Card. Cut the line! Just saying, it will be a monstrous line if you go at the wrong time.. . There's likely not much I can add to the conversation cause this place is amazing.  . . If you come to this buffet and say, there's nothing I want.  You must never ever ever eat.  They have everything.  They're not going to rush you out, so I'd say take your time.  Do a lap, scope out the goods.  See where the lines are, what's going to to be restocked soon, and then make a plan. Then eat.  Get your money's worth, don't plan stuff right after.  Make it a ice chill night that pull do some walking to sight. Walk off the destruction you've just caused.. . It's worth it, I loved it, I ate my face off.
Excellent buffet! By far my favorite! From fresh caviar, real crab legs, duck to real bread.
This is a high class buffet with great service and a rather good price, especially for what you get.  The food is displayed in an appetizing way, and none of it appears or tastes like cheap buffet food I've come to be used to.  Servers come by regularly to check on you, even though they do not have to do much. The staff is friendly and helpful.  Good experience and tasty food.
After our bad experience the first visit, my wife decided to give it another try just because they have lamb chops.  We went early this time (4:30), still waited over an hour in line.  But well worth it this time. . Everything except the Kobe beef was delicious.  Wife had the lamb, kids went to town on the crab legs, I had prime rib, beef flank and sea bass all night.  Everything had flavor, except the Kobe beef.  Much better selection than Bacchanal. . Only gripe I have is kids have to pay full price (3 yrs old and older) $48 for a 4 yr old is kinda ridiculous.
Real Alaskan king crab legs & caviar, kobe beef, flan, creamer brulee, are a few,,,,perfect dishes.. Bellagio Buffet is #1. Yes better than Bucchanal at Caesars :-)
