Beautiful beautiful club with excellent music and even better drinks. Came here with a large group of 9 girls and 8 guys on a weekend just before the holidays. We got on the guestlist through a Tryst promoter but at best, I expected to wait in a long "guestlist" line as seems to be the case for many Vegas clubs. Instead, we were able to cut the line, get the girls in for free with free drinks, and get all 8 guys in at the same time at a discounted cover. A++ for the Tryst management.. . The music here was a good mix of top 40 with some more obscure danceable beats, keeping me dancing and intrigued all night. The dancefloor was sizeable but it did get quite crowded as the night moved on. Still we weren't packed to the point where we couldn't move, so the slightly large crowd wasn't too annoying.. . Decor of this place is really classy and beautiful, even by Vegas standards and they have a good distribution of tables throughout the club (not just on the sides -- boring, but not making it difficult to move around).. . Later on in the night, after leaving Tryst, I realized that I had left my ID with the bartender. Bouncers let me back in no problem and I easily retrieved the ID from the nice bartender who had held my ID for me. More importantly, their bartenders are friendly and make pretty killer mixed drinks. $16 for a long island, a little bit steep but it's standard for Vegas. Overall, definitely a club to visit the next time you're on the Strip.
After a bachelor party mishap, this place welcomed us in and cured the evening. Got to groove next to the largest waterfall in Nevada. Cool people come here, many locals, and the vibe is just right. Good drinks and hoppin' music. Try to make a reservation and enjoy this cool spot.. Thanks for the good times! And I hope you'll let us in again! Cheers.
This is, by far, my favorite club in Vegas!!!. . Tryst is ALWAYS a fun time!!!  There are always a nice mix of people and the music is always good!!!  The bartenders at what I call the back bar (bar to the left when you walk in) are the sweetest and nicest girls!!!  This is where we typically hang out as there is usually enough room to dance and you can easily stumble back to the bar.  We have attempted to hang out at the other bar (bar to the right when you walk in), but just not as much fun.  This bar is closer to the table service and right in the path of the bathroom...security is a little stricter about where you stand, etc.. . In addition to the great fun, Tryst is gorgeous!!!  It is like a much classier version of Drai's...with all of the red details everywhere.  The huge waterfall is also very cool!!!  . . Would just like to add that we had the opportunity to meet Victor Drai at Tryst one night and he was the nicest man!!!  He even let my husband take a pic with him!!!. . Tryst is not pretentious, very chill, gorgeous, and tons of fun!!!  I would HIGHLY suggest Tryst to anyone!!!  Oh, one thing...be patient, the line does move fairly quickly!!!
One of the best clubbing experiences I have had in Vegas.  My group of 8 girls and 4 guys got walked in VIP, and immediately fell in love with the place.  Just as you walk in, you feel like you are in a music video.  The waterfall can be seen from almost all areas of the club, and the layout is very spacious.  The music was excellent, and the people were great.  I would definitely recommend this club to everyone!
Thus far, this is my favorite club in Vegas!!. . Wynn is a beautiful hotel, and Tryst fits right in.  The layout of Tryst utilizes space very well, accommodating a natural flow of people so that you can easily get to the bars and the dance floor.  If you've been to XS, the layout is similar.  Although it's sure to be packed on the weekends, it's not claustrophobic and you probably won't encounter wasted people spilling your drink.  The bartenders and gogo dancers are the typical, sexy-big boobied women you'd expect in Vegas, and the huge waterfall enhances the scenery. The music is a great combination of anything you can shake your bon bon to.  If you're trying to figure out what club to go to in Vegas, definitely check out Tryst!. . I'm having Vegas withdrawals as I write this review...
Thus far, this is the coolest one I came across.  . . - for having a cascading, 90-foot (27 m/two story tall) waterfall and lake in the middle of the club right off the dance floor... . Can't help but stare at it.
So this review is based on the fact that we got bottles.  There were five of us total and we were allowed to skip the entire line and had ushers walk us to our table.  The service was quick and helpful, but the bottles were expensive.  We were already prepared for that, so it didn't bother us that much.  . . The club is beautiful.  It does get a little packed on the dance floor but the lake/waterfall looked amazing and our table was in a great location.  . . Everybody was excited to be there and looking their best.  What a blast.
Tryst is similar to XS in layout, but it seemed a bit smaller.  Unlike XS, it wasn't 99% Asian, which is a plus.  Music was hip-hop with maybe one Top 40 song thrown in per hour.  Stairs going down to the club seem dangerous, but they have an elevator too, so I guess that's all right.  Cover is $20 girls/$30 boys.  Really big plus is that it's very close to the valet, so when you're feet are aching from dancing all night, your car is just a few steps away.
Tryst is a very beautiful club; it reminds me a lot of XS. In fact, when I first walked in, I thought that maybe I had a little bit too much to drink because I swore I was going to Tryst, not XS. That's how similar they look.. . They were playing great dance music. They even threw in a free bottle for us! Tryst is going on my list of favorite clubs in Vegas.. . I really don't remember the crowd here, but I'll most likely be coming back here to find out!. . The only drawback is that the club is a little small.
It was a toss between Haze or Tryst on a Thurs night, & I'm really glad we came to Tryst! It's become my favorite. Opens at 1030, yet line started form half hour beforehand. (Mostly all guys though). Getting past the line, it turns into a series of stairs, leading you down. Upon entering you will be immediately attracted to the waterfall like wall outside with a small lake surrounding, and the cool color hues of red. Sexy. . . Bouncers can be tough? We had two different guys come up to our group of a time span of 5 minutes altogether asking if we wanted to join their buddies to get in, because they lacked girls in their group. Sorry, guys! Luckily we had a friend to talk to a promoter so we were led in right away, along with 3 comp drink cards. I believe the clubs are owned by the same owner, so it looks somewhat similar to XS. Regardless, I had a great time here! . . Love how the outside deck opens/connects to the dance floor. You can dance your way out to get some fresh air. There are tables/booths outside surrounding the area. DJ was not bad, spun a mix of today's hits/house/hip hop. . . Guaranteed to be a fun night!
Let me forewarn everyone.  Vegas clubs are a very subjective experience, based on mood, preference of music, group of friends and more.. . On that note, I have never had a bad moment at Tryst.  I have been here multiple times since turning 21 and have always enjoyed it.  Drunk, sober, with different groups of friends, it has always been a blast.  The music is a good balance.  The crowd is always friendly.  The drinks do the deed.. . Even though it may be overshadowed nowadays by XS or Marquee, Tryst never fails.  It is an oldie and a goody!
This is an absolutely stunningly gorgeous club, featuring an open air DJ and dance floor, with go go dancers,  in front of a huge 10 story waterfall and lake.  . . The open air feature keeps it from getting stuffy, even though it gets packed in here.  . . This club is made for bottle service, with tables everywhere, and not much seating otherwise.  Long lines at opening to get in, with $50 cover for men (ouch) and $20 for women (unless you buy bottle service).  Drinks start at $10 for domestic beers.
Visited: May 28th, 2011. . This is my third review for places I visited while I was in Vegas for a friend's Bachelorette party. I've been so busy that I've fallen behind on reviewing some places. I'm slowly but surely getting the reviews done!. . Over the course of this trip, I was communicating via text with our VIP host coordinator, Scott Reading, from our Thunder From Down Under package. He was the one that could set us up with VIP entry for clubs. Given that it was Memorial Day Weekend, most clubs would not even have a VIP list and would charge some outrageous entry fee. That was so not gonna happen! So I had him get us into Tryst for Saturday night after researching some clubs on vegas.com, which luckily had a VIP list with no cover. How sweet was that! . . Fantastic club for these reasons: . . 1. Music mashups were great. DJ Spider on Saturday night during the Memorial Day weekend rocked the club.. . 2. The ambiance is nice. How sweet was it that the club was partially outdoors with a waterfall! Definitely relieves the heat issue in the club a little :). . 3. The guys at this particular club were less sleazy. Granted, out of the 8 of us, only two were single and were free to mingle, with me not being one of those single ladies.. . + It felt good to get escorted out of the regular line and into the club right after I told the guy in charge of the list my name. My feet were already killing me, plus I was just irritated because of some of the attitudes of people in the line. I was compelled to flip them off, but I kept it classy and walked on my merry way.
Came here on a thursday night during spring break with a couple girl friends for my first clubbing experience!  We got in for free.. . Drinks were a little pricey as expected.  I got an apple martini so I could loosen up a little.. . Great crowd, great music, I had a good time ;)
Honestly I can't tell which is my favorite club in Vegas - it's a toss-up between XS and Tryst.  We stayed at the Encore and got tickets to Tryst at the concierge desk (I didn't know you could do that).  By pre-paying, it entitles you to bypass the entire line and walk right on in as long as it's by 11pm.  Trust me it's well worth it.  Tryst is one of the most beautiful clubs in existence as far as I have ever seen.  It also had the best girl-to-guy ratio...I would go as far to say there were quite a few more girls than guys - always a PLUS!  Drinks are expensive - average for Vegas.  Next time I plan on getting bottle service.  If you do too, get a booth and not an "end table".  I saw a few people huddled around one of the VIP end-tables and they looked miserable.  Don't do it!  Spend the couple of hundred extra and live like a king - TRYST IS WORTH IT.  By the way, dear DJ:  you're off the hook!
oh tryst...i always have a good fucking time here...despite the line sometimes...but when u get plugged up its cool...las vegas is all about who you know and how much money you have...i actually prefer this over over rated xs...the only downside to this place is that its kinda small...but theres a nice lil waterfall next to the lil outdoor patio that everyone and thier mommas taken a picture next to...drinks in vegas are always over priced...but thats vegas...lemon drops, henny, patron, adios, grey goose...yeahs im always floored here...be careful going down them damn stairs essp if youve got your hooker heels on or just plain ol drunk...
Tryst was a blast!! Not only is it absolutely gorgeous, but it was complete with great music and an epically fun crowd. . . I have to say I'm kind of proud of myself for getting us through the line immediately, cutting 3 other groups of girls, and into the club for free. Not sure how I did it but I would love to give the bouncer a big hug for that!. . Let's just say we danced our bodies off. Literally. I'm still sore! And I know one of my friends feet still hurt haha. We all loved how people were dancing everywhere! And not just on the dance floor. We grouped up with some really cool peeps and started a giant dance circle and just partied the night away until 4am. It was very difficult getting up to head back to Santa Barbara at 11am but a night at Tryst was well worth the hangover and lack of sleep!. . We will be back soon!
Underrated. My favorite club in Vegas. Always beautiful people and the place is set up well. I've never had a bad night coming here.
Ok, this is one of the sweetest clubs I've ever been to.  first off, they have the nicest people working there. prices for drinks are great, the bartenders are a little slow not too bad tho, I suggest you get free passes from guys at the corner and just tip them like $5 a head cause if you dont have this free pass it's $30 for guys to get in.  90 ft waterfall in the club, SWEET, and the music was the best I've heard in a long time!!
After the ridiculous mid-5 figure bill that I was witness to at XS for a previous bachelor party, http://www.yelp.com/biz/xs-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:pdS06OU3KDcoplp58tyGYw I told myself that this time around we were going to cool it and go low key at Tryst...  whatever "low key" means in a town like Las Vegas.  . . I was a bit concerned that the crowd was going to be lower-end because of the huge disparity in table minimums between Tryst and their more popular neighbor XS or Marquee, but I was pleasantly surprised by the water quality of the women at this club.  Then again, I'm really not very partial to the ice-queen/club princess look that the super expensive places seem to attract...  although to my detriment, I did see a few truly beastly females that I'm sure would never have made it past the door when Tryst was in its prime.  . . As others have said, the layout is much like a mini-XS.  The waterfall is fresh and the dance floor - although small - is well situated with easy ingress/egress.  Our table was right next to one of the dance floor exits so it was extremely easy to swoop on girls who finished dancing and were fanning themselves from their exertion.  "You girls look thirsty, come here and have a drink with us" was my initial opener, although after awhile, a couple of my buddies would just hold up drinks with a straw bent invitingly in their direction... and a surprising number of girls would just come over and start sipping!  To me this is unbelievable in this age of Rufalin and GHB.  Good thing we're not creeps.  *self-reflective sigh* After that, it was up to us to keep the beat with the Top 40 and hip hop blasting over the loudspeakers.. . And speaking of music: has anyone ever bothered to read the lyrics to the "Shots" song by LMFAO and Lil' Jon?  I couldn't believe how stupid and misogynistic the words were...  and yet how all the girls would go crazy and dance 50-75% harder (yes, I was quantifying) when the DJ would play the song.  I guess every generation needs a club hit that women love even though the message and intent of the tune are patently offensive to them.  Incidentally, not trying to date myself, but it was "Ain't No Fun" by Snoop Dogg in my time...  cuz you know it's, 1 for the money, 2 to get bitches, 3 to get ready and 4 to hit the switches on my Chevy '64: red to be exact....  . . ...With bitches on mah side and bitches on mah back.  Couldn't resist finishing that last rhyme.. . And when did 1988 become the new industry standard birthyear for club-going females??  Maybe it's just that I have a type, but eight of the ten girls that I evinced interest in were born in the year of the South Korean Olympics.  After getting over the niggling fact that these girls were gestating zygotes while I was a precocious 8 year old forming Voltron from the five lionbots, it made me think about  my buddy's favorite jam"Hand in Hand".  This was the theme song from that year's Olympics, aka  "Sohn eh sohn jahp goh"  *FOBS in their 30's are nodding their heads wildly in agreement right now*  . . Incidentally, the same buddy was there at the club, with his fine looking heina.  Telling him to put his face-sucking on hold for a minute, with a plethora of emotions rolling around in our hearts (and a BAC of no less than .12%) we sang "Hand in Hand" together.  He took higher harmony, I took melody and all was right in the world as the crowd punctuated our understated homoerotic display of friendship chanting, "shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots everybody!"
I LOVE THIS CLUB!!! Let's get the cons out of the way...drinks are expensive, dance floor is crowded, and getting in can be a pain, blah, blah, blah...welcome to Vegas. Anyway...the place is BIG, there is a lot of space for tables/bottle service and the dance floor is a good size. The view of the pool and waterfall on rocks is nice and the bathrooms are lovely as well. Alex Dreamz (DJ) plays THE BEST music...I never wanted to leave the dance floor. I would love to party here again and again because as far as nightclubs go...Tryst is a blast!
Tryst in 2011 is like that girl you used to date who was a model...15 years ago.. . You can get a lot of mileage out of Tryst because it's no longer one of the 'it' spots in Vegas, but the place is still real nice by most common standards. . . You won't have to deal with a ridiculous line, pretentious doormen/bouncers, and people all up in your grill because the venue broke fire-code 500 patrons ago.. . 5 stars because I'm feeling generous.
WOW Factor this is Beautiful club luv the body guard that wlkd me 2 & from the bathroom 2 my table! Customer service at its Best!
Background: I am 25 years old. I went to Vegas for my first time in July 2011, and Tryst was my first place ever ordering bottle service in a nightclub.  For a list of FAQ's about Vegas Nightclubs, refer to JackColton.com.  It was very helpful.  . . Anyways, I went to Tryst on a Thursday night.  It was me, and two of my best friends.  I reserved us a table with bottle service through Tryst's website.  It was very easy to do, they emailed me right back, told me the price, where to check-in, etc.. . When checking-in: Get there pretty early, look for a guy with a clipboard, and tell him your name (it was that simple).  They will escort you to your table.  Our table was right off the waterfall.  It was a bit secluded from the rest of the nightclub, but we didn't mind.  The tables near the waterfall are actually outside, so it was nice to get a breeze from the air and waterfall.  Our waitress was super polite, and waited on us hand and foot.  Anything we needed, she was willing to help.  . . Attire: Once again this was our first night in a club.  We just wore nice jeans, a button down (bradley cooper shirts as we like to call them), and some dress shoes.  No need to over do it and dress like you're Gordon Gecko from Wallstreet.  Keep in mind, Vegas in July is really fucking hot.  Dress nice, but comfortable.  If you wear a blazer, you'll be sweatin in no time.  If you roll up in some gym shoes and a Cubs hat, you will probably be asked to leave. . . What we ordered: Since we are 3 irish boys from Chicago....we ordered Jack Daniels.  The bottle is a Liter, not a 750ml (a fifth).  We got to choose 3 mixers which they will replenish for you throughout the night.  Not sure if they have 1.75L (what the college kids call a "handle") but i bet it's really pricey.. . Price: $450.  . What does this get you?  Free entry into the club.  By-pass the long line.  A table which is yours for the entire night.  A bottle of your choice.  This does not include tip.  We tipped just over 20% - we gave $100.  Total bill: $550...split 3 ways = $183 per person.. NOTE: When you reserve a table for bottle service, they have a 3 person limit per bottle.  This may be different from male to female, but if you have a group of lets say....5 guys...you will probably have to buy 2 bottles in order to have the table. . . Tryst had an extensive bottle list, but being this was our first night in Vegas, we wanted to get completely trashed.  Whiskey did just that.  After about 3 hours we witnessed some kid jumping into the Tryst Pool and then getting thrown out.  That was hilarious cuz we found out his name, started chanting "KYLE!! KYLE!!! KYLE!!" which only egged him on.  I watched my friend grind on some washed-up broads in their 40s, and needless to say I captured it all on camera.  Best of all, we made good friends with the bouncer in our area, and he gave us a card for a limo driver.  This limo driver picked us up for FREE and drove us wherever we asked.  I believe the bouncer's name was Jose - really nice guy, very helpful.. . All together Tryst is a very nice club.  I give it five stars because it's actually easier to talk.  The music is loud, but it's only really loud in the main dance area.  It was nice to actually be able to talk to everyone around our table and not have to shout in their ear.
This is probably the best nightclub in Vegas.  The music, the waterfall, and everyone there is just awesome.  Went here with a large group of friends and this place was bumpin!  Make sure that you have equal amount of girls as guys, as Girls will get in for free and Guys will pay whatever they are charging (as every place in Vegas will do).  The music was awesome, the waterfall was classy, the drinks were flowing, and if your not having a good time here then you don't belong here.
Thank you Tryst for making my first Vegas club experience an unforgettable one. . . The beautiful waterfall offers an ambiance of both an indoor and outdoor setting with a whiff of fresh air when you need it without actually stepping out. Whoever came up with this idea.. You rock!. . The drinks were strong enough to give me a good buzz, probably because it was my birthday weekend so the drinks kept coming and the buzz kept going! Cheers to another amazing night in Vegas!
It's true, when you first walk in the first thing you'll be awed by is the gigantic waterfall they have going on. I was so amused by it, I ended up underneath the waterfall in some random VIP section. It was beautiful. Drinks were good, they don't skimp you on the alch. The dance floor was a hit or miss, one second it was poppin', the next it was emptying out. I'd definitely put Tryst on my top 5 go to clubs.
Tryst and XS are made by the same people and you can certainly tell.. Tryst is nice but not as nice as XS.. . I honestly dont remember the details of the decor. All I remember is that I had an awesome time! Met some real live ballers with table service and they made our Vegas trip unforgetable!!! The entire weekend!....So, I just want to thank Tryst for letting some amazing people in the club (lol).. . There were poles near our table and we had a good time with those.. It was a group of 5 females and we got into the club free on a Friday night. However, we eventually got kicked out because some girl LIED and said that we were arguing with her???????...Im not sure how that was even possible because we were sitting at a table the entire time. The bouncers booted one of my friends so we all left. I think somebody was mad at our pole dancing! LOL. . Anywho, I love Tryst nonetheless.
First off I would like to say THANK YOU to Roger Banks!  He hooked us up with Bottle Service. Lil Jon was there that night. He DJ for most of the night. It was a group of 5 ladies.  We were celebrating my sister in laws 21st b-day.  We got sat outside by the waterfall.  I totally recommend getting a table outside. It's not as loud and crowded.  This is one of the most beautiful clubs on the strip.  We had our own bodyguard who took us to the bathroom and kicked out any other person who tried to sit on our VIP.  The servers and host were amazing!  I highly recommend table service.  There's no where to sit and ladies your feet will hurt!  We got there at 10:00 pm and left at 5:00 am! I'm in love with Tryst.
Had the time of my life at this place.  I was here on Saturday and Lil John was in the House.  We met some guys from Chicago who let the Vodka, Champagne, and shot pour on all night.  The waterfall was a sight.  We were at the table right alongside it with a heater just in the right spot to keep us warm if we started getting sober.
For anyone trying to get in to any club in Vegas, good luck. Sometimes its easier (for girls) and sometimes its a no go. I got in with my buddies but it cost a little extra. There's always people around the club who can get you in, and better chances are when you have a good girl to guy ratio. Look out for those people.. . Tryst was insane. you could barely move but it's worth it. Drinks are always expensive, so deal with it. The crowd is different every night, because you get different people every night who are coming from around the states and other counties. Room to dance, room to smoke, room to sit down and chill. The setting of the club is awesome, makes clubs in LA look like shit. Great club. Check it out at the Wynn hotel, one of the top clubs in vegas.
From the moment we walked in I knew it was gonna be a GREAT night!  I'm not sure if it was the guest DJ Jermaine Dupri, or if this spot is always jumping on Thursdays, what ever the case, it made for my best nightlife experience in Vegas that weekend!. . We kept comparing all the places to Tryst.  LOL.  First night...Best night!
I admit that I might be slightly biased because my group of girls was lucky enough to be invited to join a table of very nice, very rich Canadian gentlemen but my night at Tryst was awesome!. . After wandering through the club and becoming increasingly annoyed with the crowds and my high heels, one of my friends was approached by a bouncer who asked if she would like to join the table. She quickly rounded the other four of us up and we preceded to hang out with a couple of fun guys for the evening. These men had a large table near the center of the dance floor and the cushy red velvet seat was exactly what my sore feet needed to dance on. We had the absolute nicest server who we all adored. She made sure that we always had a drink in our hand. Even when I was starting the night slow (still recovering from night one of the trip), she offered me a water. When I eventually started drinking, she poured me a glass of Dom Perignon and later brought over shots of white gummy bear. At one point in the evening, I thought my purse was stolen (we later found it had fallen between the cushions on the couch) and she dropped everything to help me search. The bouncers were also super nice and made me feel very safe.. . The hip hop music was just what I needed to let loose and dance. And the gorgeous waterfall background was perfect!. . I'm nearly positive that had we not been invited to join this table, my night would have been far less enjoyable but as it stands, it was one of the best nights ever!
I am definitely NOT the clubbing type... I hate the idea of having to get all dolled up in high heels and reviling dresses just to dance in a room filled with a bunch of strangers. I can dance at home... for free! . . But... after being dragged to a handful of clubs in my time... I can say that this is the nicest club I have ever seen. The star of the club... the GIANT waterfall behind the DJ. I love the fact that you actually have something nice to look at while jump around in a very crowded room full of people. . . Now... If you can shove your way across the dance floor... there are lounge like areas on each side of the club. All of the seats said reserved but no one kicked us out after we stood and sat in the area for a good 2-3 hours. . . In this area you can get a great look at the pretty (but fake) waterfall, the pool of water from the waterfall, and some tactfully placed greenery that covers up the surrounding areas.
Gorgeous were my first thoughts when I came in! I got in via GL and even had 2 free drink tickets (value up to $15)! We wasted no time in line and were quick to walk down the stairs into the red wonder. The first thing that caught our attention? The waterfall with the "Tryst" projection, right behind the DJ booth. Amazing! Tryst is extremely aesthetically pleasing.  They have outdoor areas that for some reason we didn't even venture to (I actually don't know if all the outdoor areas are for bottle service or if regular club goers can enjoy a breath of fresh air as well). From what I remember, this place was not as hot or smoke heavy because there was so much air flowing into the venue, which is an extremely smart thing. Tryst has a large venue space - their dance floor was packed, but you had no problem getting the bar tender's attention, and even standing by the bar without being pushed. Drink prices seem to be more reasonable, in comparison to Haze for example....AMFs are less than $15. Oh, and they give you free water! Already a plus in itself. Music was good...I felt that it was more top-40 based, or maybe that's just me. . Plus side - you'll be in a very nice hotel!. Come here if you get a chance to!
I'm really digging the new layout, it's like mini-XS. Great music, good looking crowd, and a cute waterfall. One of my fave clubs in Vegas!
Success! Finally got the chance to enjoy myself here for over an hour (make that about 3 and a half). DJ Spider was spinning that night, so it was a good mix of music along with the EDM that Vegas is known for. Loved the complimentary well drinks for the ladies. Even had a few of the shots that the servers/go-go dancers were carrying around. And I couldn't forget the photo-op of the waterfall. Did I get my dance on? You bet I did! 3rd time really is a charm. Thanks, Tryst! You're still one of my top clubs in Vegas.
Holy Moly. The barista makes a mean Toyko Ice Tea. it was really grossly alcoholic but it got the deed done. Plus I used a free drink voucher so no complaints here! Guestlist for girls usually means free drink voucher. Take advantage, girls! . . BAY AREA MUSIC BLASTING as we were coming in. DJ Derrick Anthony. I was REALLY feeling the music, especially since we squeezed and pushed our way to the front, but it turned house pretty fast. I understand though. House is the crowd pleasing favorite these days. SHRUG. It was good while it lasted. I came to this club after Marquee, and the music at Tryst was infinitely better. . . Loved the atmosphere of this club. Tryst has a beautiful waterfall and it's very open. Apparently the theme Tryst and XS are going for is..Greek bathhouse from what I heard. Not sure if I get that, but it's open and less stuffy than other clubs for sure.. . Some pretty fun times at this club. Once my guy friend got punched by a stranger. Oddities. Definitely would come back because music really makes a difference and this club plays better music than most. In my opinion anyways. Gets pretty crowded, but it's not mosh-pit unmanageable. You have room to "tyrst" and turn. :)
So fun every time. I'm not cool but my friends are, so we've always gotten in right away and drink tickets for the ladies. Which we've never had to use HA there are some very generous/naive (or both) men here but I guess it's the same as any club.
The Dj was killing it that night we came. There was a great mix of hip hop and house. It was a good balance of both and we never stopped dancing no matter how bad our feet hurt. We stayed till almost 4am. It was the best night.. . Drinks are expensive so pregame before you come. Inside can get really hot what with all the sweaty sexy people dancing everywhere, so their outdoor patio area with waterfall is a nice place to chill and cool off. One of my favorite Vegas clubs to go to and it should be one of yours too.
Hands down, my favorite club in Vegas! The ambiance is great and the music is always on point! If you like XS - Tryst is just a smaller version of XS.. . Daniel from Tryst always takes care of my group when we visit Vegas.
When you're in Vegas make a special trip to The Wynn and check out Tryst. This place is bomb.com upscale but so beautiful! VIP is mouth dropping! The dancers and bartenders were super nice! They walk around with the shots you can purchase..when ever I go back to Vegas this will be 1st on my spots to go back to! Great music mixed crowed and friendly drunks!! Lol
Been here twice and as far as Vegas clubs go, this club is banging! (did i just age myself with my slang terminology?). . Although it's Vegas the line moves fairly quickly. Big upside is the size of the club, plus the addition of a pole ;). . I'm not much of a club freak, but I was definitely impressed by this place. I really think it's the waterfall that does it. It adds an air of... sophistication? I don't know what it is, but it really does make it feel special. . . Of course, as with any Vegas club it's crowded, it's hot, dance floor space can be non existent, and drinks are pricey. But if you can't handle all that than partying in a club in Vegas is probably not your thing.
I loved Tryst since the first time I laid eyes on it a few years ago. I'm glad to see when I returned a couple weeks ago, it was just how I remembered it and probably even better. I love the all red decor and the dance floor that's partially open air with a view of the waterfall. I love the layout - big dance floor in the middles, scattered tables/booths all around and bars in the back. Most of all though, I loved the two DJs who rocked out all the hip hop, both old school and new stuff, pretty much all night long. Our group was ecstatic as house music is the new norm at all the clubs and we were so tired of it. I'm such a fan of hip hop/r&b and being able to scream the songs while dancing the night away. We were also able to get on a guest list or something so it was free for us girls and $30 for the guys. We had also wanted to go to their sister club, XS, but they had some special famous DJ so it was like $100 per guy which was crazy. We pre-partied so I didn't get any drinks at the club and don't know how much it was. Security is pretty lax. There was no yelling at us when we wanted to sit down and rest at an empty booth and we got up pretty close to the DJ/front without getting in trouble. We stayed till pretty much 4 and it was a blast!
This is by far the best club Ive ever been to. . . I loved the music, the atmosphere, being able to cut the line (tee hee. its awesome being a girl in vegas), and how chill it is. . . I've been to TAO and it gets really gross because everyone wants to go to the hip hop room and there's more people than space available so... yeah. but TAO DOES have the coolest bathrooms.... for ladies, at least.. . XS is gorgeous. Its the most beautiful club I've ever laid my eyes on, but when I went... i went to watch deadmau5 perform and I'm not all that into house music so I didn't enjoy myself to the fullest . . Marquee is all house music (so I've heard) and when I went... i don't really remember much so I can't report anything... -_______-". . Drais is open until 9 am. Its aiight. Its great if you want to screw up your sleeping schedule.. . but damn... I can honestly say that out of all the times I've been to Vegas... Tryst was where I had the most fun.
Memories memories memories. . I have so much fond memories here.  The club is swanky and is really good with treating the girls =).  My favorite thing... playing on the pole.  Mental pictures, no cameras please =)
Really like a 4.5/5!. Service-Great!. Atmo-Great!. Crowd-slightly upscale-all ages 20's-30's and a few over that.. Bar Service-Pretty quick and not as overpriced as other places on the Strip.... Jermaine Dupree resident DJ-Crowd pleaser.. The Waterfall is A nice Touch!. Get in line early or the wait will be a beast!
I LOVE TRYST! I came here early December 2012. I went to Vegas for a friend's birthdayweekend and stumbled into this awesome club! It's a great indoor-outdoor space. The music was great! Drinks were about $15 each. Girls got in free with a big group. Guys were about $45. Which is pretty much how much everywhere else cost. Afterwards, you can get another stamp so you can get free access into XS in the Wynn. . . They also have a Pole you can dance on. I busted out my pole dancing and had a blast! The club is very packed, so beware. But that's just how Vegas is. There's a great waterfall view behind the DJ. Great club to cut loose and DANCE! . . I will definitely go back here next time I'm in Vegas!
i loved this place -- my friends and i had a blast... good music, good vibes, good ambience!!. . wasn't too much of a hassle to get into either.... . awesome time -- would return!
Friday April 26, 2007, Friday Night Maxim Party at Tryst. . Amazing venue. As of that date, Tryst was easily the most impressive club in Vegas, hands down. My date and I had a table right on the edge of the dance floor and the water. Perfect view of the waterfall. We used Nick at www.vipnvegas.com for our VIP arrangements and the arrangements were immaculate. Bouncers were super friendly. There was a 3 hour line and we stood in the VIP line for roughly, 1 minute before being escorted all the way in to the club. Amazing sights, spacious pools, great drinks and we met so many great people. This place really set the tone for our Vegas trip. Our drinks were well watched and the hostesses treated us like royalty. The music was on hit and the people, the weather, everything was BEAUTIFUL. :) . . Since then Ive been back a few times. Always good times. Its been since 2009 since Ive been. Its time for a visit real soon!
Had an amazing time at this club.   The dance floor isn't too small.   The music is amazing and very nice layout.  Drinks were delicious and love the waterfall in the background.  The bathroom is very classy and loved it.. . Would be checking this club out, when I'm back in Vegas ;)
For my 500th Review, I wanted to share my experience at a cool club at the Wynn. I finally came here after going to most of the clubs and lounges in town including, XS, Marquee, Tao, Lavo, 1OAK, Rain, Playboy, et al.. . Tryst is located near the entrance to the Wynn.  Just make a quick right after you enter the hotel.  I really liked this club because the staff was chill, the clientele was friendly and the place was not crowded on a Fri night in early June.. . LA Riots was deejaying and was dropping some down beats.  LA Riots in known for introducing a blend of Indie Rock, Alternative Dance & Electro music in 2007.  The bartenders were really cool and poured some stiff effin drinks!!!  There were at least three bars and we didn't have to wait long.  The bouncers were chill and present, but not "overly" present.  Lastly, the valets in the restroom were excellent:  5 Stars.  The ambiance is very nice.  You walk downstairs and the hallway leads you to the main entry to the dance floor.  There is a stage for the dj, two separate platforms for the two dancers and a waterfall & pool in the backdrop.  There is also a pole for the amateurs to try out too - LOL!! -http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LuRoNUSPwGtPQMe5gDF7sw&userid=o1_sfJ71nrq5QrF00v3Icw.   Lastly, there are a couple of outside areas to get some fresh air:  5 Stars.. . Tryst means a meeting place, and it wouldn't be true if my friend and I didn't meet some ladies.  We met a couple from Chicago who were very nice and kept us company.  They were not ratchets, they were cute, and they could carry on intelligent conversations.  As for what happened later, well like Lil' Wayne's lines from Love Me (Drake). . And I would say these girls' names. But then I would be snitching. And these haters try to knock me. Butthey can't knock me off the hinges, man!. . LMFAO!!!!!. . http://youtu.be/KY44zvhWhp4
I kicked off my bachelorette party here and the bouncer took us out of the line and let us right in.  Great place to start clubbing on a Thursday night.
After studio 54 closed, tabu became our spot. It was a decent price range and not so packed. This time around they closed that too so we went to Tryst and damn.... We found our new spot. Being from California me and the wife aren't fond of super packed clubs. 5 stars for venue, DJ, ambient, and service! Next time were shooting for VIP, seems fun.
I was here a couple of years ago and I never wrote a review! It definitely deserves one. We talked to the hostess earlier in the day so she was kind enough to get us past the huge line. When we got inside it was packed, had really great music, and was just a blast overall. Plus it isn't as packed with drunken idiots as a lot of the other big night clubs.
"Walk into the club like 'What up, I got a big cock". . That's what it seriously feels like here.. . It all started pretty good because one of my friends had talked to a promoter earlier in the day and told him there were about 7-8 girls and only 3 guys. So our numbers were right.. . It took a bad turn when we ran into a douchey bouncer who told us to walk around the line even though he could've easily unhinged the velvet rope to let us line up.. . The guy who checked our I.D.'s was in high spirits though so that negated d-bag #1.. . We bypass this incredibly long line and check in at the front desk. We got our hands stamped and even some free complimentary drink cards.. . As soon as we head down the stairs, this amazing ass pimp status waterfall behind the DJ booth is just sort of saying "Welcome, bitches... Enjoy.". . The drink prices are pretty pricey but it's Vegas, after all..... . After a brief stint on the dance floor, one of my buddies disappears. Apparently, while drunk, he ordered bottle service.. . Then we gethit on by cougars. Which was cool as hell. Then I start dancing on this wooden platform by our table. One cute girl from across the way sees me and I blow her a kiss and she catches it.. . How does this happen? Vegas. And a super cool ass club like this.
We came to the club for Halloween and it was awesome. The waterfall the atmosphere gave it an ambiance of romantic and dancing pleasure. People in the club were polite and kewl. We had a great time only thing it pays to be on a list.
Came here on a recommendation that this was an underrated place. And I have to say that it truely is. We got a table and ordered 3 bottles for bottle service. Lots of great music, impeccable service, and a great atmosphere!  Tryst is a perfect size so as not to be trampled and the booth we got was in a great location. Will definitely be back!
