Really good stuff. An authentic Japanese ramen place.  I'd come back here and try other menu items next time.
First sign a ramen shop is good is a long line and Monta won't dissapoint in wait and excellent ramen.  Ramen starts at the broth and the Shoyu based soup had excellent soy flavor without the overwhelming saltiness common in the more mediocre varieties.  The noodle is firm and doesn't get soggy absorbing the soup base.  Gyoza are prepared well, some crispy spots but still soft and moist.  The only bad thing is now my favorite ramen shop is 300 miles from my southern california home.
I had the tonkatsu ramen and loved it. It wasn't too salty, IMO. The service was prompt and very friendly and  the bathroom was clean and nicely decorated (see photo).
This is a great little place for noodles at their best. I love the fact that they are small in menu, size and price. I always make sure to order my noodles with a nice glass of beer to bring out all the great flavors out. This noodle house is the best in town and I will recommend this place over and over again. Enjoy
Best. Ramen. Ever. I suggest the Tonkatsu ramen and the kimchi fried rice. Soooo delicious.
My new favorite ramen spot.
Wow. Best ever Miso Ramen order it with double extra Chashu.. It is so rich, complex and creamy. I hate to tell you about it because the place is so small. I am in love with one of the girls that work there. Is that politically incorrect?. . The Chashu is so moist, cut extra thin but oh so good.Chashu isn't like char siu which you may have seen in Chinese restaurants. Japanese chashu is actually braised instead of being barbecued so it's soft, tender and moist. . . Please don't go there. I don't want to wait outside on the wooden bench!
I had the Tonkatsu ramen with extra chashu and a hard boiled egg. The broth is extremely rich in flavor and the chashu pork is the most tender chashu i've had in any ramen house. Monta is definitely #1 or #2 on my ramen list. . . I would definitely eat here over any of the pho restaurants in vegas.
Freaking awesome ... The best ramen place in Las Vegas. Only one thing wrong with the place really small place. Let me tell you the food is excellent service is awesome too.
Okay, I can't stop coming back to this place.  I've tried to duplicate the broth at home and just can't!!!! They know me by face now... I come here with the hubby once a week.  It's just the best darn ramen ever!   The chashu is immoderate but I come here for the broth and the ramen.  The food is so simple yet so complex.  It's perfect!  I do wish they have agedashi tofu on the menu.  Monta read my review- add agedashi tofu to your menu, just use the shoyu broth.  It'll match well.  -M2
Great small ramen shop!. . small oasis, close to the strip. Tonkatsu ramen is dope, their draft beer is also very good.. . Very friendly people, great food for  the money!!!
A wonderful noodle shop that I wish was next door to my house. If you want a reasonably priced DELICIOUS bowl of ramen in a warm noodle house atmosphere, then this is the place to go. Several types of perfect broth with all the right sorts of tasty extra bits.
Eaten here 3 times now. Always good. Food is great. Servers are friendly.  Best noodle/soup joint in las Vegas!
Very small menu, but that's all they need.  They have Miso, Shoyu, Tonkatsu and their special shoyu Tonkatsu Ramen.  I have ordered everything but the Shoyu Ramen and everything tastes delicious! . . Their fried rice is good as well I believe they have bits of pork belly in their rice, which gives it an extra kick I believe.   If you just enjoy pork belly they have it on top of rice which is suberp.  . . It's pretty inexpensive as well about $7.00 for a bowl of Ramen, not too bad.  Of course if you want to add extra things in there it adds to it. . . Beware though if you come in the morning it tends to be very crowded.  I believe their seating limit is like 30? or smaller...but I think it's worth the wait :) Very tasty!
I have been searching for a good ramen place for a while now. I have been to a couple different places but none compares to Monta Noodle House. The quality of their noodles are really good. The noodles are not over or under cooked. The tonkotsu is my favorite! The menu is very simple with not a lot of options. But, everything on the menu is great! . . The service here is also very good. The food comes to you very quickly. The establishment is relatively small so if it gets busy it could take a while for seating. If you have been to Japan, it has a typical hole in the wall ramen place to it. I like this place a lot more because it feels exactly like you are in Japan. Even the workers speak Japanese. But other than that, Monta Noodle House is one of the best tonkotsu ramen I have had. I have been going there for some time now and will definitely continue going there.
Went back today for a big lunch. i ordered miso ramen and pork belly rice bowl ... so good ... i brought 2 coworkers with me ... they are hooked as well. service was excellent and food as well. Not a big menu but executed well.
AH-MAZING!  Great combination of flavors makes this place a treat any day of the week. Must have more=)
Super love this place! It's a nice cozy place expect long line during the day but it's great to go at night specially when it's cold, it's always nice to have warm soup that taste sooo good and the meat that melts in your mouth. ;0). . I'm always craving for their ramen, my favorite is the tonkotsu shoyu ramen. My husband and my cousin literally gave the meaning to "good to the last drop". Their fried rice is good also. Very reasonable price.
So, I checked out this place for lunch today after reading what other Yelpers had to say.  It opened at 11:30am and, according to my friend who arrived at that time, there was already a line of customers waiting--thank goodness she was there to snag us a table!  It's a small place with a counter and some tables, so be prepared to wait a little if it's busy.  I had the tonkatsu with some charshu added and a small pork belly bowl--I was starving since I just came from a Bikram yoga class.  My friend had the shoyu.  After much slurping and a little conversation in between, we were both happily satisfied with our ramen dishes.  I couldn't finish all my food, but it was tasty and I will definitely be back to try the gyoza and the other two ramen dishes.  Note that this is not a place to really linger after you eat, unless you want to be rude and make the people waiting around for your table angry, but who needs that kind of bad karma?!  Arigato!
I. LOVED. IT.. . It's always so hard to find authentic Japanese cuisine that's GOOD. This place was great! I went for my first time on Friday and I can't stop talking about how legit this place is. It feels like I'm in Japan. I definitely recommend hitting this place up if you're ever in the mood for ramen.. . Service was great and having the option for kaedama rocks. The tonkotsu shoyu ramen was soo good and so was the gyoza and chahan. . . 5 STARS! . . What are you doing still reading this, GO TRY IT!
So G.O.O.D!!! . . I wish we had a Monta Noodle House in my city!  I'm really jealous because I've been looking for a good Japanese Noodle place for YEARS and BOOM!  I found it.  However, it's in Vegas and not in the East Los Angeles County area :o(. . I had the Tonkostsu with a Chicken/beef broth.  It was perfect!  The combination of a heavy beef broth with the lighter chicken broth was absolutely delightful.  The best part is the price.  It's a fair price for what you get and if you're in Vegas and don't want to pay all that money for a 'fancy' meal or get crappy buffet food.  Take a trip off the strip to try out this place.  It's well worth the trip and believe me, every time I come to Vegas this is going to be a must stop for me!. . Cheers and Eat Responsibly!
While not the best ramen I've ever had, this place comes really close and my friends have told me they are the best in town.  So I have yet to try other ramen places in Vegas because this place is delicious.  Look no further.  The ramen was cooked perfectly both times I've been here, and the pork just melts in your mouth.  I've tried the shoyu and miso, and I prefer the miso.  This place is tiny and can get really busy, so I've eaten at the bar both times.  It doesn't bother me since I know not to go with a big group of people here.  If you sit at the bar, there is a litle shelf near your knees so you can tuck your purse away.  Brilliant!
Ordered the Miso Ramen. Great tasting ramen! I loved the broth, had a rich flavor. The portion was generous and quite affordable considering how much you're getting. Although I don't really would want to get their bowls, my friend ordered the beef belly bowl, expecting it to be as big as the ramen bowl but alas it was really small. . . NOTE: this place is small and gets crowded real quick. Don't come here with a group no bigger than 5-6. You're going to find it real difficult to get a table.
If Naruto was a real person...then this place would be his number one stop in Vegas!
Came here last night at about 10mins before closing. I noticed the waitress was upset that there were last minute customers but nevertheless, she still gave us great service plus the food came out faster because they wanted to close up. She kindly asked to pay ahead because they needed to close the register. Food was still good as last time and their gyoza is far by the tastiest.
It took me a while to finally try Monta after reading about it in a couple local Vegas magazines, and damn was it worth the wait.. . I have had a lot of ramen over the past couple of months, trying to find the holy grail of ramen, trying to find the bowl of bowls, trying to find the one bowl by which all other bowls are compared (I am not talking about weed sorry...).  Finally, after searching, I found it in Las Vegas of all place.  The first time I had Monta, I was hungover and it was damn good.  The second time I had it, I was dead sober and it was still damn damn good.  . . Honestly, if I could, I would give Monta 5+++ stars.  I have been here a couple of times and have tried all of the broths, and by far, the best broth is the tonkatsu-shoyu combo broth (rich, salty, melt in your mouth goodness).  The tonkatsu is a close second because wow, the broth is super-stick-to-your-ribs rich.. . Make sure that no matter what you order, make sure to get extra pork and the amazingly, soft-boiled egg, with a slightly soft and runny center.. . Go get your ramen on!
So i should have made Monta my first yelp review. Lord knows I've prob eaten here more over the past year than anywhere else!.   What can I say about Monta that the other 200 reviews haven't already said? .         Hmm... well its sooo quick! If you need to do the 30 min lunch this is the place. Listen, its small, but there's a secret! If you come by yourself during lunch-hour you can usually find a single seat at the bar! .   If you've never been to Monta, the tonkatsu ramen is like chicken noodle soup on steroids, except its pork noodle soup! It's literally the deepest, most intense pork flavor ever!.   As good as this place is, its like 3 times better when its a little chilly outside, really makes it hit the spot. . PS. Get the egg. And when you get your ramen, flip the egg (which is cold) over, yolk down, for a few mins, soaking in the hot broth!
I don't live in Vegas but found this place on Yelp.  Excellent Ramen place...if you're from California, you probably been to Shin-Sen-Gumi.  This place I think is better than Shin...the waitresses here are very friendly and service is excellent.  I would recommend you try their pork ramen...
Amazing food.  Amazing service.  Cheap.  Large portions.  Sesame seeds(!) on the table, with other condiments.  I'll the other Yelpers to the work with the details.  . . When my roommate said she wanted Roman Noodles instead of sushi, I thought she was nuts, but wow....I will definitely be returning!
I come here at least once a week.  Their menu is simple, but everything is cheap and delicious.  The food is authentic Japanese, and hey, most of the waitresses are too.  If you have the courage to practice your Japanese, this is probably the place to do it.  If you come here on the weekends, it will be packed, but they have very speedy service so people get in, eat, and go. This is a wonderful place.. . P.S. as a side note, they do accept credit cards but the check has to have a minimum of $10.
If you're ever craving for ramen, this is the best ramen place in town! Awesome workers too!!
I love my noodle soup and so glad we tried Monta.  We tried various dishes like Tonkatsu ramen, miso ramen, pork belly with rice and kimchi fried rice.  Everything was delicious.  Like many reviewer commented, adding an egg in your ramen soup is greatly suggested.  The menu is fairly small, but I can go there numerous times a week if I live in Vegas.  Delicious food that won't break your bank.  What's not to love!
Best Japanese Ramen I've ever had! The pork is perfectly marinated. . . Try the pork flavored ramen with hard boiled eggs (must) and corn. I like to have a side dish of kim-chi on the side also.
I love this place, great lunch spot and for dinner too.  For lunch you can keep it light with just a soup so you don't pass out later in the day.  For dinner you can get soup plus some gyoza or fried rice (which is the bomb, I love it here). . A new thing which is not on the menu is that you can get a mix of the Tonkatsu and the Shoyu broth, that's what I get.  In addition, I always add corn and chopped onion, and an egg if I'm in the mood.. . Server's are very friendly, and they work very fast and efficient. It's not a place where you're gonna chill for 3 hours and hang out, the place is small so people are in and out pretty fast.. . A little side note:  They have cans of Japanese iced tea which I had in Japan and never had in the US until coming here.  I love that!
This place is great, smaller restaurant but it too has a very Japanese feel.  Not by a bunch of bought Japanese decor just by atmosphere, steaming pots of broth and cooks in plan sight getting your order ready.  Simple condiments, no extra American or generic Asian stuff but authentic to a noodle house.  . . Reminds me of living in Japan.
I first read about this place in Vegas weekly. I love ramen especially in the winter. i think it's a great little place. The menu is small but the things they make are done extremely well. It can get crowded on weekends so I suggest going during week days if you can. It's also great because I can go by myself and sit at the bar area and not feel weird haha Simple and reasonable= me likey!
I have only had ramen at a few places but this is the best I have had.  I get the miso ramen and it is such a smooth yummy broth.  I love how you can choose what toppings you want on it and i love the condiments as well.  This place is not very big so if you go during a busy time you may have to wait a little bit but if ramen is what you want, i think itsthe best place in vegas.
Wanting a light lunch, we headed on over to Chinatown to get our Ramen on. This place is located not far from the Vegas strip in a little shopping center. The restaurant is on the smaller side, yet has a comfey vibe. Our waitress was friendly and gave us a moment to look over the simple menu they have. . . I ordered:. . Shoyu Ramen- Brown and clear color broth, based on a chicken and vegetable stock with plenty of soy sauce added resulting in a soup that's tangy, salty, and savory yet still fairly light on the palate. Added a seasoned hard boiled egg to the soup.. . For $6.95 they hook it up with a large bowl filled with equal amounts of broth and noodles. The seasoned hard boiled egg was delish and not dry or rubbery. Added some garlic paste and that soup was the biznass!! . Friendly service + great prices = One happy full customer!!!
Probably the best japanese ramen place in town. Its tucked in a little corner on Spring Mountain across SF market so you might actually miss it. The restaurant is actually quite small and if you come during peak lunch hours, you might have a 20-30 min (which is what happened to me).. . You have 4 broth flavors to choose from: . . Tonkotsu (very savory) - My favorite. Shoyu (salty/soy sauce). Tonkotsu-Shoyu (combination of the first two which tastes funky to me). Miso . . Each comes with 2 slices of chashu, some bamboo shoots and green onion. You have the option of adding more chashu, boiled egg, corn, kimch etc. Usually 2 slices of chashu isn't enough for me since its a GIGANTIC bowl of ramen and I can never finish it. They do have rice dishes and gyoza which is okay but not the best. Bill came out to be around $20 for two noodles so very reasonable.
I truly love this little gem of a Ramen House, with its limited seating and understated elegance.. . Okay let be honest, there's only one dish, served three different ways, with a few small sides dishes and add-ons. But boy do they make that one dish well.. . The place is usually pretty busy, and there are few seats to choose from. But a chair at the bar provides somewhat of a show as the cooks stack the bowls to warm them in preparation of the noodles which they shake free of their excess water with a particular flare.. . You're in and out in no time and if you leave hungry, you probably didn't ask the waitresses for help in making your decision.. . On a side note: it's not uncommon to find yourself sitting next to a beautiful and fascinating young woman - just don't blow it.
This is the best noodle house in las vegas! It's a small venue but the service and food is awesome!  . . They only have 4 different types of noodles but believe me you will be satisfied with selecting anyone of them.  If your still hungry, save your soup because they can add more noodles for you and make sure to always add the extra chashu pork.  It's soooooo goooooddd!
Just came back from here and I'm satisfied. We've ordered Tonkotsu Ramen, Mentaiko-Don, Cold Noodle (Hiyashi Chuka), Dumplings and Fried Rice. Place was so small, constantly packed and it's seems to be in-n-out kinda place. Definitely not the best place to relax and have a long conversation with friends over the meal. You eat, you get out. Service was ok. Nothing exceptional, but not rude either. Portion is kinda small but I usually eat noodles with something else anyways, so it worked out just fine. I really liked fried rice there... more than noodles. Noodles was great, not the best I've ever had, but I was certainly happy.
Oh I just went through my camera bag and found my CF card and some lost photos of Monta.. Great place need to go back soon ... enjoy the photos
We went yesterday for lunch and the hubs wants to go back today. That pretty much sums it up. It was that good. We went with our two daughters, which enabled us to try most of the noodle offerings. . . I had the Tonkotsu (not to be confused with TonKAtsu), my husband had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and the girls both had the Miso. We also shared a pork belly bowl. Everything was spot on delish. The Tonkotsu is the heaviest, richest broth...delicious, but I think I'll wait until the weather cools before ordering it again. The Tonkotsu-Shoyu is a combo of the richer Tonkotsu and the lighter, clearer Shoyu broth. It had the richness from the Tonkotsu, but the Shoyu gave it a delicious brightness. We did not get to try the plain Shoyu as both girls insisted on Miso. The Misi was also very good, but did not out-shine the Tonkotsu-Shoyu. The toppings were perfect...thin slices of ultra tender chasu (pork), strips of mushroom and pickled red ginger (nothing like sushi ginger).. . The Pork Belly Bowl was everything the name suggests. Tender, well seasoned pork belly atop sticky rice. So good. We like to sprinkle the toasted sesame seeds on top.. . The service was fast, friendly and very welcoming. The place is tiny as are most noodle houses you find in Japan. We went at 2:30 in the afternoon and were able to get a table right away. (was almost hoping they'd be packed...forcing us to go to Raku *sigh* my fav, lol). . Heads up! As of June 1st they are offering Hayashi Chuka which is a cold Japanese noodle dish. Perfect for summer. We didn't order it this visit, but will definitely be headed back soon. It is a favorite of ours, but we've only had it in friends' kitchens. They serve canned soft drinks, and our whole family highly recommends you give the Calpico a go. It's tangy, almost reminiscent of the original tangy flavor yogurt at Red Mango or Pinkberry. Very refreshing :)
Short menu. Great food. I will be back. If you are looking for a Ramen house that feels like you could have just walked in from a street in Dotonbori, Osaka, this is it.
This place has the best ramen in Vegas! The place is very tiny but I love sitting at the bar where you get a full view of what's going on in the kitchen. I like to order the miso ramen with golden corn. I'm no expert in miso but it's the most delicious I have ever had! The fried rice and gyoza are also really good too although sometimes the gyoza comes out stuck together and rip when you pull them apart. Otherwise the service has always been great and friendly, but winter time is the best to go because they have no air-conditioning!
I can not tell a lie.  My knowledge of ramen consists of dry squares from the supermarket you put in hot water and that food that Naruto really loves (I know I'm nerd, big surprise).  Needless to say I'm no ramen connoisseur.   On the other hand it was like my eyes were opened to a whole new world.  Like the time I realized that there was better anime and that Naruto is really just middle of the road (I had to close the book on that one).. So Monta is a nice small little place. you come in and the waitress greets you like she's a character straight out of anime (no I haven't been watching a lot of anime lately . . . maybe).  You sit, she gives you the menu, you order and it was on our table in just a couple of minutes!  Now that's service.  Heck, I may have even flirted with her once or twice in the evening.  I can't tell, I watch anime.  . The place stayed busy throughout but it didn't seem till we were nearly done that there seemed to be any wait time especially considering the quick service.. Now as for the food itself, my friend recommended the tonkotsu and he deserves a pat on the back for that.  The broth was full of flavor.  I didn't even need to put the garlic on it but I was just curious if that would taste better was well . . . AND IT DID!  The noodles were yummy, the small pieces of pork in it were excellent, and the glass of water refreshing!  . I may not be an expert in ramen but now I'm wishing I can be one.  I'm already talking with co-workers about visiting again soon.  For such a cheap price, it's both tasty and pretty damn filling.  Two thumbs up.
It's small but they serve really quick and their noodle with soup is so awsome! Mostly crowded but you can have seats quickly.
This is the best place I've been too for japanese noodles.  Its a small place and often crowded, so get there early!  I don't live in Vegas, and this place is not easy to get to for a tourist.  But I'm really glad I found it and I know I'll try to go back every time I'm in town.  Oh, the dumplings were really good too.
I went to Vegas recently for a mini-getaway, and being the crazy ramen aficionados that we are, my boyfriend and I HAD to come here and try this place during our trip.. . We both ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen with extra chashu and hard-boiled (more like deliciously and perfectly soft-boiled!) egg.  The broth was absolutely delicious--just the right amount of flavor and rich pork fatty goodness to make it taste perfect!  Even though it was 103 degrees outside, I didn't care.  I ate and drank the entire bowl clean.  Gluttony at its finest.  Woo!  I was extremely impressed with the quality and texture of their chashu.  It was marinated just right and they really did cook it for hours to get it to really melt in my mouth!  The moment I bit into a piece, I didn't even really have to chew at all...it immediately disintegrated into orgasmic morsels of ecstasy and rocked a party in my mouth!  The egg was perfection...just the way all ramen "hard-boiled" (I still think they should call them "soft-boiled"...it just suits the texture better!) eggs should be.  The yolk was nice and and gooey and soft.  It complimented the ramen broth so well!  Needless to say, I wolfed down the entire bowl in about 10 minutes or less. hehe ^_^  . . We also got an order of the regular fried rice, and the only thing I can say is that it is THE BEST Japanese fried rice I have EVER had in my life thus far (in the States).  The rice was so extremely flavorful and light (because too much oil is a no-no).  Sprinkled with those little slices of heaven known as their chashu and plenty of pickled ginger, it tasted PHENOMENAL.  That was the 2nd party that rocked my mouth in one sitting!  Boy, what an awesomely dining experience!. . Exquisite ramen.  Good price.  Great service.  Will most DEFINITELY have to visit again whenever we're in the area.. . Oh, and my brother (who doesn't eat pork) also came with us.  He ordered the kimchi (or spicy?) fried rice without the pork and REALLY enjoyed his food.  He was even full off just that one single plate, so their portions are very reasonable, considering the elephant-sized appetite that he has.
Living in the Los Angeles area the past couple of years, there are tons of ramen noodle places, yet I was pleasantly surprised to find this little joint in the ol' LV.. . Menu items of note:. . Ramen - well of course, duh!. . Lately, I've been getting the Tonkotsu-shoyu flavored broth.  The slices of pork are quite tender and soft, cooked to perfection.  Broth tends to be slightly on the thicker side, but tasty.  Always gotta get the add-on hard boiled egg with semi soft yolk.  The texture of the noodles always comes out right for me.. . Service:. The waitresses are always friendly to me and very polite.  I think most, if not all of them, are Japanese, which is a good thing, considering I'm eating ramen.. . Reasons why I come here:. The poker kitchen at the Rio is consistently lackluster every summer, and when I only have one hour for dinner, this is one of the best options.  . . Also, ramen is one of the hallmark foods of the modern day peasant.  I encourage all other like minded peasants to join me in celebration of......our peasantry? *Fist Pump*
Tired of the busy and often pricey food on the strip, wife and I decided to venture out to the Chinatown area in search of some alternatives.  Based on the Yelp review we landed at Monta, and was pleasantly surprised!  The ramen noodle are the thin firm style which we loved, and the tonkosu broth was excellent!  The place is small but cozy, waitress are friendly.  My only gripe is they don't have one in So Cal area where I live.  Definitely heading back there again.
Holy upgrade! . . It's been a while since we've been back to Monta.  It's not because it's not delicious.  Believe me it is the very delicious!  We finally came back for ramen last night and the entire experience was such an upgrade!  Two air conditioning units added in and no wait on a Tuesday night.  Hooray!. . Now onto the food.  Move over Bun Thit Nuong, Taiwanese cold noodles, and Naeng Myun.  Summer cold noodles got a new MVP!  Cold ramen noodles at Monta Ramen.  What better dish to eat than cold al dente ramen noodles mixed in with a tangy light yuzu soy sauce and crunchy toss-in's of fungus, cucumber, bean sprouts, egg, pop of mustard and of course, you can't forget the FATTY FATTY cha-shu!. . Conclusion:  Monta Ramen cold noodles during summer time.  Monta Ramen hot noodles during the winter time.  FTW.
Yep, visited only a couple of days later for lunch with co-workers.   We all had to be there before it opened at 11:30 or else we'd never have enough to eat.  There was a line before it opened and there were always at least a few people who had to wait either at the entrance way or outside at all times.  Also important, your whole party has to be there or you won't be seated.. . And yes, yet again the tonkotsu impressed.  I love it!  And this time I ordered the extra chashu.  That meat in that delicious broth is just perfect.  Maybe one day I'll be compelled enough to order at refill for less than two bucks, but trust me when I say that one bowl is perfect and hits me in the right spot.  This might become a regular stop for lunch, of course provided I get there early enough.
Best Ramen in Town IMHO... The Miso ramen broth is savory and quite rich, but a bit too salty for me. I tend to lean more towards the Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen where for me the broth is to my liking. All ramens are delicious though and I would recommend trying them all. My favorite adds are extra chashu pork, egg, shreaded green onion. I alway leave enough broth to order Kaedama (extra noodles).
Im in love! Tonkatsu ramen mmmmm and pork belly bowl! I'm sad when there's a wait!
This place is amazing!!! Coming back to visit my family after moving away from Vegas, my brother decided to bring me here. Being in the Navy and travelled around, he said this is the most legit ramen house he's found since being in Japan. Not having left the country since I was 5, I took his word for it.. . Boy, was I impressed! It's SO worth the wait for a spot in the tiny hole-in-the-wall!. I'd been craving ramen and haven't had any luck finding a good place to try in the Bay Area, this really hit the spot! I got the shoyu-tonkatsu broth which was rich and savory. I love that you can add different ingredients to personalize your meal. While my brothers opted for nori, I chose mustard greens. The sour crunch of the veggies balanced well with the salty, buttery broth. It appealed to my Filipino-taste buds in just the perfect way.. . I wasn't overly-stuffed with my meal - I couldn't imagine ordering a double noodle portion!!! - but I was definitely satisfied. This is one of the things I'll miss about Vegas, besides my family.
Simple amazing.  The noodles here were fantastic with a nice variety of different sauces to completely customize your meal.  . I had the Shoyu Ramen and it was wonderful.  The noodles and pork were fantastic.  The broth was also incredibly flavorful with a smoother, milder taste.  I tried the tonkatsu broth too which is equally wonderful but in a more milky, slightly heavier way.  The gyoza was also great especially paired with some of the sauces. . This was definitely one of the best things I have eaten in a long time.  The fact that I was hungover and had spent the morning in the desert only added to the greatness.. . The place had a very nice, and subtle ambiance.  The place was clean, the decorations were very simple but had personality and the place drew a nice crowd that was more than just the tourists that clog the Strip.  The wait staff was also incredibly helpful, efficient, and friendly.  I liked that when my table ordered the gyoza they said it would be ready in seven minutes.  Now that's service!  Oh, and they have A/C now. so your desert heat fears can be alleviated.. . If you're in Vegas and want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip and also want some great Ramen this is the place to go.  I definitely recommend going.  Also, great hangover food.
And I still....LOVE Monta! . . Cold noodles on a 110 degree day...perfect! I love their cold noodles! It is filled with yummy things like cucumbers, eggs, bamboo shoots, bean sprouts "mushroom/fungi" and of course the fatty pork. Since I tried it a couple of weeks ago, I haven't strayed from the cold to the hot. The mustard is a bit spicy for my taste so I always have them leave it off.  I've only tried the sesame sauce thus far, but I am pretty content with it. For the price you pay, you definitely get your money's worth. I've always had to take half of it home to eat it for later which works out for me since I love leftovers! . . I also ordered the small pork belly bowl.... that sauce with rice is heaven! I love Monta and I love how efficient and fast the food comes out. If you are coming for lunch, it's packed at 11:30 when they first open, so come later if you can.
Hey Yelpers !!!!. Last week I picked up my friends from the Airport and took them here. They are from Bay Area in California ... so they are used to eating good ramen. They said the Broth was really good but the noodles lack what they are accustom too. Here is the ringer ... when they had the pork Belly Bowl ... they said this is the best. I always enjoy coming here ... friendly service and always good food ... and if you haven't tried it ... try the pork belly bowl. ....:)
OMG! The Tonkotsu ramen is mouth-watering! I will be dreaming about it for some time! In fact, I'm seriously thinking of coming back to Vegas every year just for this ramen! The broth is delicious! For the meat lovers, get extra pork belly bc they don't give you much meat. The miso ramen was not as good, too heavy and salty for our taste. The regular fried rice was very tasty, but it's small bc it's a appetizer serving.
This place is tremendous.  Great ramen noodles and fried rice.  The best is the chase pork slices....oh my god, it melts in your mouth.  Absolutely awesome.  Away from the strip, in a tiny, almost deserted strip mall area.  I actually bumped into this place as i was headed to the Korean BBQ place next door, but once we arrived, my wife wanted to try ramen.  I'm glad she made that choice!  We've been back to Monta 3 times - and we don't live in Vegas - and still haven't gotten into the Korean BBQ place yet!
I'm so glad my gf found this place on yelp for our final lunch at Vegas!. . We ordered:. - Tonkatsu Ramen: Absolutely wonderful smooth & milky pork-based broth. My favorite ramen is at shin sen gumi, and this bowl of ramen was very comparable, if not better. I also added toppings of a hard boiled egg and extra slices of pork - they gave 6 extra slices in addition to the two slices of pork that came with the bowl by default. I decided to avoid the kimchi because I didn't want the Korean toppings to dominate the Japanese broth. Noodles were cooked perfect, and you can order extra noodles for $1.50.. - Shoyu Ramen: This is the darker one, I believe it's miso/soy based. My gf had this, and I tried the broth and it seemed equally as delicious.. - Gyoza: It's like lightly grilled potstickers. - Fried Rice: typical fried rice as expected - not something to die for, but good.. - Kimchi Fried Rice: Pretty much exactly like the fried rice, except that it had a bit of the tangy flavor that the kimchi added. - Pork bellow bowl: This was my favorite out of the fried rice bowls. Lightly cooked, tender, moist and juicy pork belly strips layered on top of white rice. Definitely worth getting along with the ramen.. . Service was fantastic. Our group of 5 was sixth on the waitlist, but it moved pretty fast; we waited maybe about 20 or so minutes.. . Cliff Notes: Tonkatsu Ramen with hardboiled egg and extra pork. Pork Belly bowl.
I came in here to try the Tonkatsu Ramen after seeing all the photos on Yelp. Good God, it's delicious. . . The broth is made from pork bones, fat, and collagen--not exactly healthy for your heart, but certainly beneficial for your soul.
five stars for their.... .       uMami.   enjOyable. distiNctive. hearTy.       sAvory. . Noodles and both, ahh just gotta love this place. Its Japanese soul food!
Holy Ramen Batman!!!!! I gotta hit this place up at least once a week and I order the extra bowl of ramen. This place is small but intimate and very nice to watch them make it right in front of you. I absolutely suggest coming here either with friends, or heck take a date. Everyone likes ramen and if you don'tyou can't be a friend of mine!
Best ramen in vegas. Shoyu ramen is my favorite!
My husband and I, coming from the land of no ramen houses, took FULL advantage of being in Vegas, and went to Monta two times in 4 days. . . The menu and the restaurant, both small, but intimate and ultra efficient. (Besides some sides like fried rice and bowls, there are only three kinds of broth. Tonkatsu, shoyu and miso...oh and a combi of two of the.). .  After ordering, even on the busiest nights where there was a short wait, our noodles and gyoza came out in about 3 to 5 minutes, piping hot. . . The staff is genuine, the food savory and well done...and the prices are great.  Two giant bowls with extra con, butter, spring onion, pork and kimchee...along with gyoza and sodas equalled to just under 20 bucks. Nice condiment tray at the bar/tables too.
You hungry but you're on a budget? Well never fear, Monta is here! For under $10 you can get a delicious meal that has no comparison in town. The Tonkotsu Ramen is literally the best tasting noodles I've ever had (.) (PERIOD) . . So if you ever feel like Tyrese and say to yourself "Me Hungry!" Ask your friends "Did anyone suggest Monta yet?" and they will be ever so thankful that you've enlightened them on how ramen should really be served. I would know, as I once used to be that guy. Now I'm customer for life.. . Ask for: The Ray-men ($10). -Tonkotsu Base. -Miso Men (Wavy Noodles). -Extra Chashu. -Corn. -Chili Powder. . Optional: . -Garlic (Not recommended for dates). -Asahi (Goes well like PB&J)
This is absolutely the best ramen shop in Las Vegas. The place may be a bit small, but that assures quick service. [Although on weekends it is normally full; with a long wait line around dinner time] It is absolutely worth the wait. The waitresses are super nice and very pretty. There is a kitchen view from the bar seating where you can watch the chefs make your ramen. . . The food is all very delicious. The chashu pork bowl is my new addiction, with a starter of their nice crispy gyoza. All of the broths for the ramen are very tasty and the noodles are always perfectly cooked. The prices are very reasonable, as well.
This place is amazing. Who would have known the best ramen in town would be off strip. I make it a point to stop here whenever I am in town.
Wow.  Simply, wow.. . I'm a big fan of David Chang of Momofuku fame.  I have his cookbooks and just received his first issue of "Lucky Peach", an awesome quarterly magazine.  This particular issue of the LP focuses on ramen and the way it's adored and eaten and made in Japan.  Different broths and combinations of broths and perfectly cooked noodles and various garnishes and seasonings that adorn th bowls of love that are slurped in thousands of little ramen houses tucked into the most unassuming little nooks and crannies throughout Tokyo.. . Anywho, I've been geeking over ramen literature and got to thinking maybe it was high time I got back to Monta to try to get me a bowl.  The last and only time I tried to get a bowl the wait was half an hour at 2pm in the dead heat of the summer.  There are only around a dozen and half seats up in there so it can be hard to snag one.. . This time I waited for my bowl and I'm glad I did.  So good!  Only 3 different bowls on the menu.  I love that.  In ramen joints in Japan the ramen masters only serve one thing, ramen, and do it for decades.  It's artistry and perfection.  I don't know bout them bowls out there out in J, but for my first serious bowl of ramen and the proximity of the shop, I fell in love with my bowl and slurped up every last drop.. . Yum.
I have been here five weekends in a row and last weekend I didn't, only because I was out of town.  No matter...I'll be back on my ramen kick starting up again this weekend, woohoo!. . I have not been able to stray away from thetonkotsu-shoyu ramen with char shu (pork), nitamago (egg) and nori (seaweed.)  I've ordered and enjoyed it every single time.. . See you again this weekend Monta!
If you love hole in the wall establishments, Monta is right up your alley!  Located in a nondescript shopping centre (Seoul Plaza), Monta offers the best Japanese ramen Las Vegas has to offer.  Don't let the drab plaza deter you, this place will knock your socks off!  Upon entering, you will notice that seating is at a premium so arrive early because this place will fill up quickly during the lunch/dinner rush, otherwise you have to write your name on a clipboard and they will call you once seating is available.  I recommend sitting at the bar for two reasons: you get to watch the staff make the ramen in front of you and also the bar "table" is made of solid wood and adds to the ambiance.  I highly recommend ordering the Shoyu-Tonkotsu ramen, which is a melding of pork broth and soya based broth, thus creating a perfect balance of saltiness and savory-ness.  (is that even a real word? :p).  If there ever was such a thing as orgasm in pork form, their Chashu pork would be it.  Their Chashu pork is so tender and delicate it literally melts in your mouth.  Add in Nitamago (marinated hard boiled eggs) and you got yourself a bowl of awesome!  All of this for less than $8.00 a bowl, what's not to love?  Do yourself a favor and try this place, you will not regret it!
Monta neighbors Nakamura-Ya, & Raku. With an authentic sushi place to join the strip mall, this is the spot to get some kick-butt Japanese food. Monta is a ramen-specialty restaurant that is not to be skipped!. . RAMEN: Their menu is small but mighty. What kind of ramen you like? Miso, Shoyu, or Tonkatsu? They come with thin slices of char-siu pork. Ichiza actually has my favorite char-siu.... but Monta's is a solid second. Overall, the ramen here is far superior anyway. There's also a variety of toppings you can add for an additional cost. Generally, I order the same thing every time: Miso Ramen w/ Egg & Nori. YUM! I've sampled every type of soup but Miso is my favorite. The broth is rich & flavorful and I can't find it as good anywhere else.. . APPETIZERS: If fish eggs are your thing, Monta has the freshest Mentaiko in Las Vegas. Order a Mini Mentaiko Bowl (Rice, Mentaiko, Scallion)--throw some soy sauce & togarashi on it as a delicious starter. Gyoza here are good too but nothing to get excited over.. . OTHER: There's a board on the wall that has the other entree items. On different occasions I've seen some type of cold noodles, rice bowls, and fried rice. My memory fails to remember the rest but so far none of them interested me enough to try. A client of mine recommended to try the cold noodles.... maybe next time.. . Come for the Ramen, Stay for the Ramen, Come Back for the Ramen--good eats.
Read about this place in December's las vegas magazine.  Arrived about 10:45 am and this place opens at 11:30 am.  Then people started arriving and standing in line, then we decided to join the line.  It is very small place with only 5 tables and a sushi counter.  We tried the tonkatsu shoyu ramen and gyoza.  Their broth is  just as good as those in Japan..  This is so far the best ramen I've eatten in all my travels.  We are planning to add this to our list for our next rip to vegas.  Definitely will recommend  this place to all of our friends.
This place changed my idea of Ramen noodles. One word. Bangin!, the runny yolk egg in the soup is the shit.
I can easily say this is one of the best ramen I've had in the States. Choice of Tonkotsu (pork), Shoyu (soy-sauce), Tonkotsu-Shoyu, or Miso based soup... The noodles are near perfect texture, cooked al-dente, and the chashu is delightful -- Tender.. . Aside from a bowl of Tonkotsu ramen, we had some gyoza and mini-mentaiko-don. Nothing disappointing here. The service is good ol' japanese efficient and friendly. . . Only downside is the size of the spot, but that is also what keeps its' authenticity. . . Monta ramen wa chooooo oishiiiiii! , mainichi tabetai!
After living in Japan for a year, I fell in love with ramen. I tried Pho and saimen as a substitute but it's NOT same. So when I heard about this place and read all the great reviews I couldn't wait to try it out. It definitely lives up to the hype!! . . We got there at 12 on a Thursday and had to wait about 20-30 minutes. It was well worth the wait. We tried the goyza (I make this fresh at home and restaurants never beat my fresh ones but since it has such good reviews we tried it). If your a fan, definitely order them! So good!! I got the shoyu with boiled egg and cashu pork. The pork just melts in your mouth and the egg adds a nice texture to it. My Dad got the tonkastu with the cashu pork and loved that as well. Both types had amazing flavor, and we're just like the ones we fell in love with in Japan. . . If I could give this place 6 stars I would!!!
All I want to do is eat here all the time! I had the Miso Ramen with pork and it was the best ramen I have ever had.. . Show up early as there is usually a line just to get in right when it opens.
this place sits 24 people max (I think that's what the sign says) there's usually a line to get in but it's worth the wait. tonkatsu ramen, Kim Chee fried rice and gyoza is all you need...it's a lot of food so share :)
Best Ramen in Las Vegas. Then again there aren't many here. Love the miso ramen. I'm going to try the tonkatsu with the thicker noodles next time. I'm not a fine of the thinner ones.
Monta Ramen is one of the most surprising restaurants I have found in recent memory.  I have had all four of their broth choices, and all four are winners.  My favorite is the shoyu, but I find myself ordering the miso every now and again.  Whichever broth you choose, I would definitely get an egg added.  Their spiced eggs are simply delicious.  I have not had any of their other menu items so I cannot comment on those.  . . The best thing about this place, other than the food, is the atmosphere.  The waitstaff  is friendly and quick and even all of the customers are in good spirits (it is hard not to be with ramen like theirs).. . All in all, this is a fun place for any occasion.  Off work and don't want to cook? Monta Ramen.  Date night? Monta Ramen.  Just plain hungry? Monta Ramen.
I was first introduced to this place when my friends had asked if I wanted to try out the best ramen in Las Vegas.  At first I was hesitant seeing as I have had plenty of ramen in Vegas.  They are good but not what  I was expecting.  When he had said the name Monta, I was relieved to know that this was not a place I had previously eaten at which is surprising seeing as I have eaten at plenty of ramen places.. . When pulling up into the lot you would have to look for it seeing as Monta is a pretty tiny place.  This is definitely one of those places where you would have to hear about.  One of those hole in the wall places.. . Once you walk in you are greeted warmly by the staff and the cozy environment.  You can see the kitchen and the workers all hard at work trying to fill the mouths of its many customers.  One thing I have to say about this place, and I have eaten here many times, prepare to wait a bit for there is usually a line because of how delicious this place is.. . Once seated there will be a small menu with now four types of ramen you can choose from.  A tonkotsu base ramen which is pork based, shoyu which is soy based, tonkotsu-shoyu which is a mix of the two, and miso which is bean paste based.  They also have side items which you can put into your ramen like corn and eggs which are a pretty much a must.  The portions are also very generous and you will get that good fill feeling.. . I have personally eaten them all and can vouch for them all.  They are all so good.  Monta is like the In-N-Out of ramen.  They specialize in ramen and boy, do they deliver.  This is now one of the only ramen places I will go to eat.  A very cheap and delicious way to spend with friends or even eat at by yourself.  There are few places where I will eat by myself and this is for sure one of them.
We had two Calpico drinks,a mini mentaiko, an order of gyoza and two shoyu ramen with chashu pork and nitamago.  DELICIOUS!!! One of our favorite spots in Vegas.
I'm going to lobby for a bullet train or an underground mine shaft (with pulley cart included) to take me pronto to Monta Noodle House from the strip.. . This place is popular with the locals and frequent Vegas visitors.  The hype is no bull and regrettably if you arrive after 5 pm, there are clusters of hungry ass people waiting for an open seat outside & inside.  And dammit, I will wait.. . You cannot go wrong ordering the shoyu ramen, unless you space and not ask for extra char siu aka "juicy pork butt".  To really have a ramen equivalent of the "Calgon-take-me-away" dreaminess, get extra char siu, egg, nori, menma (marinated bamboo shoots).  Their broth has been made the traditional way.  Really good broth doesn't require lots of salt or shoyu, just enough to enhance its flavor.  I rarely finish the broth, since most places make it way too salty but I cleared my bowl here.. . One tip I will mention is the ramen will come with basic garnish of  green onions.  I made the mistake of ordering it as an extra, and I got a mound of jullienne scallions which was a bit onion overkill.. . Their gyoza is excellent, and compliments a bowl of ramen so don't forget that too.  On top of all that yumminess, super cute&sweet servers that are fast on their feet to clear a table so I can devour more ramen when need be.
Fantastic! I've eaten ramen is numerous ramen houses in Japan and the US. Monta is delicious! Most ramen houses are very small and have a long wait due to their popularity and greatness. So I was prepared to wait. Lucky for me I came at the perfect time and didn't wait long!. . I had the miso ramen and goza! Their gyoza was made to order and prefect! The miso ramen was awesome! Broth was balanced with just enough miso to make it perfectly creamy how I like it! :) I got all the toppings and they came in big portions and complimented my ramen well. This is one of my new favorites for ramen! . . Very nice prices and worth the wait if there is a line! Try it!!
Their pork. That chashu pork, oh my god. K first of all it's like my crack when I'm in Vegas; it's the first thing I hunt down when I get here. It's like the most amazing thing I've tasted in my entire freakin' life.. . The restaurant is quite a modest noodle house, very small, and they have a simple menu. It seems this kind of place would just be something to overlook. But NO. Their ramen is the best ramen I've had.. . Their broth is very rich and flavorful-- I've been to ramen houses were they put a lot of salt and MSG in the broth for its lack of flavor--not here! Very rich. Noodles were not too hard nor too soft, just right in the middle.. . But, the pork. Dear god the PORK. . Next time I go I will get extra chashu pork in my soup. Their pork literally just falls apart. I've had soft pork before, but that was because I'd get nothing but cuts of fat. Here, the meat is so tender and flavorful. I don't know what they do to it, but it's just downright amazing.. . Each one of us got a different bowl of ramen they offered, so we pretty much ordered the whole ramen menu. Each one is delicious. Their shoyu (soy sauce broth) is the original ramen, but it is very delicious. I enjoyed mine. Everything else was delicious as well.. . We got a chashu bowl, and it was a simple bowl of chashu pork with rice over it, but it was just the best thing ever. The pork is so amazing, I could go on and on about it forever.. . Their kimchi rice is also quite good! Not too spicy, but it does give a kick.. . You really can't get anything "bad" or "ok" here; everything on the menu is amazing.. . Our group of friends were rock climbers and just got done climbing in Red Rocks for the day, so they were quite famished. We each ordered one bowl of ramen to ourselves, split a chashu pork bowl, one plate of gyoza, and one plate of kimchi fried rice, but they decided to get extra noodles. Nope, even famished rock climbers could barely finish what we got. And the price we paid for was so small for the generous helping of delicious food we got!. . 5 stars for Monta! Cheap prices, excellent food, and great service.
Best Ramen in Vegas. . Ramen: small menu only 4 soup bases, My boyfriend loves Tonkotsu Ramen but I love the Miso Ramen. I get the Miso Ramen plus extra Chashu pork and extra egg. Which is more then enough for a small person like me. But for a guy who loves to eat my boyfriend usually orders with extra ramen. The soup is delicious, you would think the Miso ramen would be really salty but it's really well balanced. I love sprinkling the spices and drowning my soup with sesame oil. I like my soap red and spicy. . . Line: The wait usually is 15-30 min the place is pretty small but the line moves quickly because people eat ramen pretty quick. They have small waiting area inside and a bench outside.. . Customer Service: The waitresses who work there are super sweet, but once they mixed my order with another table and gave us free kimchi with no charged so I thought that was sweet. The cooks are funny, once I sat at the bar peeking up to see how the cooks make this delicious Ramen and a cook cracks a joke at me.
She brings me ramen. Slurping greedily ensues . Extra chashu please
This can definitely be on the list of hole in the wall places that are beyond excellent in food and service! This noodle house is very, very small and has a very limited amount of seating. I went in about an hour before closing, and were lucky in order to get a seat since it seemed very full according to the wait list from earlier.. . Since I don't eat meat, I ordered the vegetarian option that isn't on the menu (you need to ask your server to special request this since not many people know unless you ask). Our server was very knowledgeable and lively with the words she used to describe the ingredients and taste of their dishes. Delicious, all the way! I only tried the vegetarian option, but I certainly will be back when I'm in the area to try all the other items.. . Keep in mind this place IS very small, so you're best bet would be to probably swing in on the less busy nights or for lunch during weekdays. Hopefully they'll expand in the future, but I would highly recommend this place in the Chinatown area if you're looking for a slightly different menu other than the many pho places that are around that area.
Have tried almost everything on the menu (though it's very easy to fall in love with one ), and your dining experience is the greatest  value in the city. Fast, friendly staff.  Amazing delicious food. . . The secret's out: Monta Noodle house is the best!
Because my girlfriend is a ramen fanatic, we had to try this place on Christmas day.  Surprisingly they were open.  After trying the 2 highly rated ramen in NYC and enjoying both of them (ippudo and totto ramen), I felt the ramen here was much better than the NYC ones.  My tummy was happy.. . The 30-45 min wait was long but not as bad as totto ramen in NYC (1.5-2hrs).
GREAT food!!!. . I love their gyoza, they're crispy on the outside and warm and juicy on the inside.. . I always get their tonkotsu ramen with extra chasu, and never fails to amaze me. . . what can i say, Its just tooo good to miss out.
Outstanding food ! The fried rice was particularly amazing -- better than any typical "Chinese restaurant" fried rice. Outstanding flavor. I loved my shoyu ramen - very flavorful and not as salty as I feared. I spiced it up a bit with the spices on the table. Dining companions tried the gyoza (dumplings) and enjoyed them. Reasonable prices and excellent, speedy service. Small place with very few tables and counter service so arrive early or late,as you will probably have to wait otherwise.  I dined with two big eaters and they were full at the end of the meal, sharing a fried rice a gyoza and each having their own ramen. (Note that the regular-sized fried rice was not as big as expected, but not to be missed)  WARNING: Not many , if any, healthy options on the menu that I saw - so save some calorie real estate for a great dining experience at the casual Monta - well worth it!  I skipped the gyoza, had just a bite of the rice and gave one of my dining companions some of my noodles and still -- I was content!
I love their ramen! Came with a couple of friendsand my sister. I tried the Shoyu ramen for 6.95 and added a side of kimchee (because me loves some kimchee. yes i do!). I also ordered the kimchee fried rice as well for $6.95. . . Awesome execution for both I may say! I loved the texture of the noodle. It was soft, but it still had that firm bite that you take into it. That's how I like my ramen! It also hd a very tender slice of pork in it and a few other garnishes. I loved the Shoyu broth. I don't know what else to say! It wasn't salty or overpowering. It was just right. Not too salty, and the broth was very nice with the mixture of the meat in it. YAY BROTHINESS!. . Kimchee fried rice is also of A+ quality. You can taste that nice grill taste to it. The cut o the kimchee was small and so were the small bits of egg which is how I like it too be. So YAY KIMCHEE FRIED RICE! . . It's such a good price too so I felt like I got more than what I payed for. The service was awesome. The server was very cheery and upbeat and attentive which I loved. So...YAY SERVICE! Thumbs up for such personal service in such a little place. I just love how authentic Japanese restaurants like to keep things small, simple, and intimate. YAY JAPAN!
Best ramen ever!!! I love it! No other comment or review needed lol they are good at what they do^^
This is what a Japanese noodle house should be. No distractions, nothing to take away from the quality of the food.. . And Robert Irvine would be proud of this place: their menu is one page.. . The food is absolutely fantastic. I love the tonkotsu ramen, but often times I have a hard time picking which one. So I end up being a pain in the ass to the waitress... haha. I do love how you are able to customize the bowl to your tastes (i.e. adding corn, extra seaweed, more pork, etc.). . Best ramen in Vegas hands down.. . PS, the place does get packed.. on account of it only being able to seat maybe 20 people? (or less) but it's part of the "small and cozy" factor!
Oh Monta, how I will miss you.  On our recent vacation to Vegas, we had to hit up Monta.  I've been meaning to try it after constantly hearing my friend boast about how good it was.  I was like, seriously is it that good?  Well, long story short.......It is.  We flew in to Vegas early afternoon, grabbed our rental, and headed straight to lunch.  We got there a little after 3:30 and was seated immediately.  The servers are all very nice and they move quickly and work very efficiently.  Per my friends recommendation, we both ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen with the Nitamago (Kind of like a marinated, perfectly cooked boiled egg) and 2 orders of Gyoza.  The food came out quickly and was piping hot.  We both took our first bites and smiled at each other across the table.  The noodles are interesting and not your typical ramen noodles.  When I first stirred the broth and noodles around, I was thinking that they may be kind of mushy, and too soft.  Nope, they still had a very nice texture to it, and the broth was full of rich deep flavor.  That marinated egg......OMG, so much flavor and cooked absolutely perfectly.  The Chasu, super tender and flavorful.  The gyoza was good, however I usually like it better when the bottom is a touch crispier.  My wife rarely brags about food like I do, but she made sure to let my friend know how good the ramen was and that we had to come back again on our next trip.  Ahh, yah I think we can do that.  Thumbs up Monta!
Best ramen i ever had. Im im love with the milky Pork broth from the tonkotsu ramen. The butter is a MUST as add on, trust me! It gives it a more rich and creamy taste which is so addicting. Their gyoza are very tasty and so is the pork belly bowl. It is comparable or even better than those highly rated ramen places in LA such as shinsen-gumi. I must come here every week!
EAT THIS FOOD! God if they sold the pork by the pound i'd weigh 3 bills no problem. The price is fine, the food is great, the servers as adequate, and it's packed with actual asian people! So that means it's even authentic, at least Las Vegas authentic. . . You need to eat here! I go tonkatsu-shoyu mix ramen with extra Katsu, sometimes I get the egg as well. But you have to get extra pork!
You can easily tell by the groups of people standing outside Monta that it's the best ramen shop in Las Vegas or Hawaii! A frequent patron here, my boyfriend and I have dedicated a weekly lunch date there - Monta Mondays :D Their Sapporo style miso ramen is awesome - chewy noodles, rich miso broth, and the perfect amount of toppings. Oh how heavenly it would be if they were to add crab to the topping extras!  Be sure to order a side of handmade gyoza, as well.. . *They don't open until 11:30am.
I used to think LA got one of the Best Ramen places in town.  Opinions changed!!. . Monta Noodle House for now got the BEST Tonkotsu Ramen Soup in town! . . I have tried the famous Ramen shop in LA, SF, and NYC.  This one is no doubt the  BEST.  Thick creamy soup with bald flavors.  Although I am not the fan of thin noodles but they managed to cook it right (Shinsengumi Hataka Ramen in Gardena can not get it right, so does the famous Ippudo in NYC).  I also LOVED their nitamago (soft broiled egg).  YUMMY (Look at the business photo that I placed). . This place is now on my official "Must Visit" place when coming to Sin City.  So Good!$!#$!$!  and they also accept credit cards :D
I recently decided to try "Monta" again when my Mom came into town. I knew my Mom would not like "Anime Ramen" because it's too loud in there. I wanted to originally take her to "Yagyu Yakiniku" because they have a very spicy broth that I know she likes, but to our surprise they were closed when we got there. And, we didn't like the new "Ramen Sora" when we went there a month ago... So we had no choice but to try Monta. . . We usually don't like to go to Monta because of the long wait time to get a seat, but to our surprise there was no line and we were sat immediately. I've come to the conclusion that if you go before 5:00, there is usually no wait time. . . The thing I like the best about Monta is that you always get good service here. If I rank the service from 1 to 10(with 1 being the lowest),  I have never experienced anything less than a 20!. . This time, I tried the Shoyu Ramen. It was excellent. I think they have the best Shoyu Ramen in the world. No other restaurant compares. . . Everyone knows from my previous reviews that my favorite Ramen in the world is Miso Ramen. The thing about Miso Ramen is that no region has a similar recipe. And Ramen houses that are located in the same area will always try to copy each others style. In San Diego, the popular Ramen houses pack their Miso broth with boiled cabbage and give you nothing but noodles and broth. That means you get no egg, charsiu, bamboo, or fungus like you do anywhere else. In Los Angeles, the Miso Ramen is typically pure white in color, and extremely spicy. At the Restaurants which are run by ethnically Chinese people who are Japanese in nationality, the broth is very smooth, thin, and full of sesame oil. Now, Las Vegas is the only region that doesn't have a typical style of  Miso Ramen. Monta's Miso Ramen has a broth that is pure yellow, smooth in texture, not spicy, and the taste of the actual miso beans is extremely strong. Anime Ramen has a Miso that is almost identical to what you get at the ethnically Chinese-Japanese Ramen houses.  And Yagyu has a spicy white-broth Ramen that is very oily, and heavy in meats.  So, if you like a non-spicy traditional Japanese taste then Monta is for you. If you like a spicy traditional Japanese Ramen that has way more meat than noodles, then Yagyu is for you. If you like a thin broth full of sesame with all the sides included, then Anime Ramen is for you. That's what I like about the LV Ramen scene: diversity! . . In the end, after trying Monta again after many months, I have come to the conclusion that Monta is still the undisputed champion of Las Vegas Ramen.
Before my friends tricked me into going to Monta, I thought the only kind of ramen available were the packs for 19 cents, how naive. As I'm sure you've heard the place only seats about 20 people at a time and there is often times a wait, but it's very much worth it. Their menu is quite small but everything on there is a knock out. Feeling like you can't go wrong when you order is an awesome feeling. I personally order the Shoyu ramen with corn and fried rice, the first time i tired this I knew there was a heaven. It's so savory and authentic, if you ever go, take a spoonful of the fried rice dip it in the broth and I GUARANTEE your taste buds will be enraptured with a euphoric taste. The price is fairly cheap as well around $15 a person. The waitresses are very friendly as well and always take time to teach me some new Japanese every time I go. I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for something different within a reasonable prince range.
Every time I visit Vegas, I feel fortunate to know some locals that always take me to Chinatown or places nearby.  This place is tiny and packed...so there will most likely be a line.  But the wait is worth it.  I had the Miso Ramyum with Pork and Hard Boiled egg as add-ons.  I picked up the tab for a party of 5 and it was still half the price as my meal for two at Ippudo in NYC.  Great food and great value.
I never considered any other reason to visit Las Vegas aside from The Strip, but visitors rejoice! There is another reason..it's in the form of a little ramen restaurant called Monta! Fellow yelper Vicky L. recommended it to me and I made it my first stop in Vegas, right after picking up the rental car.. . We arrived at around 11:45 and got extremely lucky with seats at the counter, because the place filled up quickly by noon with the lunch crowd.. . I had the tonkotsu-shoyu and the husband had the tonkotsu. The broth for both were extremely creamy and delicious. If you like things with a bit more flavor, I suggest the tonkotsu-shoyu. The ramen noodles are the thin, angel-hair type which is a nice change from the usual ones we get in SF. . . The egg..how could I forget to order the soft-boiled egg? I'm actually still bitter about that. So please do me (and yourself) a favor and add a soft-boiled egg to your ramen. . . We also smelled the fried rice aroma from our neighbor and couldn't help but get a small order to share ourselves. It was the perfect portion and hit the spot.
Ramen is probably one of my top foods, and I've had a LOT of ramen. This place is still top for me out of my 21 years of eating, and I'm staying true to that statement until I'm proven wrong. Even after my first time coming here, I'm still craving it all the way from California. The noodles are absolutely cooked to perfection. The broth is, of course, so tasteful and hot, but so good that even in the heat of Las Vegas, you couldn't care about it. The meat is THE best meat I've ever had in ramen, hands down. It's so tender and savory, it just falls apart with ease. The next time you're in North LV, you GOTTA stop by. You'll come out sweating from the heat inside the restaurant mixed with the heat from the soup and the weather, but you'll come out completely satisfied. If you're not satisfied, I don't know what to tell you.
As comfort food goes, Ramen can be such a go-to meal when it's cold outside (We both sweat WAY TOO MUCH to be slurping noodles in mega hot molten lava broth in the summer)! So during the colder months, we make our way as much as possible to Monta for Ramen. . It's tiny noodle shop, the counter seats ten and five table tops that seats twelve total.  It's open until late at night and it cranks out people like no one's business-prety much there's always a waiting list to get into this place!. . And it is well worth it,  the Ramen is some of the best that we have had, (and that includes Japan!  Gasp! Horror! Blasphemy!) but it's true-we went to Hide Chan Ramen in Fukuoka and the broth wasn't as good as Monta's!. . As we always do, there's a couple of things that we order and not much else, (it's hardto venture out when you know a dish is that good).  We start the Japanese journey with an order of the Gyoza; these pork dumplings are perfectly cooked, a crunchy charred exterior that holds in the moist juices of the pork.  Add Sujoyu, (a mixture of Vinegar and Soy Sauce) Rayu (Chili Oil) and some raw garlic, dip these little moon shaped suckers in it and pop' em in your pie hole! . . After you've wet your appetite, it's time move onto the Main Event; the Ramen.  As is, we're partial to the Tonkotsu (Pork Bone) Ramen- the broth is made from simmered Pork Bone, Fat and Collagen which gives it its super rich, almost creamy soup that can easily fill you up and warm your body.  It's most definitely the most satisfying noodle soup on this planet.  And especially since this is a Kyushu dish, (Fukuoka is on the  island of Kyushu) I'm particular to the flavor.  (Japan based on its regions have different tastes and styles to the same dish).  . . Monta's Tonkotsu Ramen recipe is from Kurume, (not far from Fukuoka) so it's really close to my heart.  Which is why you won't see me ordering the other Ramen, (there's Shoyu, Miso and Tonkotsu-Shoyu).  One of these days, We'll get to them....... . There's a couple of add ons and I would definitely go and order an extra Chashu, (Roasted Pork) these tender slices of heaven are as much as a main character as the Noodles and Broth.  Getting to the Noodles, have you ever had anything better than Ramen Noodles? They're just so unique; chewy and Monta really cooks them right.  We also get the Nitamago, (cooked egg) Takana, (Mustard Leaf) and sometimes Nori, (Seaweed) -the egg for extra protein, the Takana for the vegetable and crunch and Nori for the contrast in texture.  You can also order an extra helping of Ramen Noodles (Kaedama) if you have extra broth, but there's no way I have ever had enough room for that!!!. . In the Summertime, they serve Hiyashi-Chuka (Cold Chinese Noodles). It's refreshing and cold perfect for the summer with bits of Ham, Cucumber, Bean Sprouts, Takana, Nori and Sesame Seeds over Ramen noodles in a light Soy; it's the best on a hot day!!!. . I forgot to mention the Rice bowls that they serve as well; I'm not the biggest fan of these bowls but that just me- a lot of people rave about them!  I know what I like and I'm happy staying on my side of the menu if you know what I mean...The service here is excellent, the waitresses are terribly polite and the the food comes outs really fast! (They need too, cuz they have to get people in and out of there)!. . . Ratings (Out of Five Stars). . Food          4.75. Ambience  4. Service      4.5
Makes you never wanna eat top ramen cuz it obviously does not compare. Not a big menu, not a bad thing because sometimes too much choices is more prone to getting something you might not like. Everything, as far the ramen goes, is good. I ve tried most of em. I recommend getting all the extra toppings which range 0.75 -1.50. Service is quick, not really personable but food is so good you dont even wanna be interrupted or be embarrassed to be approached while stuffing your face with awesome noodle goodness. have fun here and prepare to be full and satisfied. domo arigrateful for some monta.
Ever since I saw a movie called Ramen Girl, trying out a properly prepared ramen has been one of my goals. Now I can say that I've finally accomplished that. This is not the ramen you were forced to eat in college to save money. I had tonkatsu ramen which had a full bodied pork broth with thin slices of barbequed pork belly. It was such a revelation of what well made noodles should be. I will regret having to go back home where we don't have any Japanese restaurants that put the care into creating this spectacular comfort food.
Tonkatsu ramen is delish.  We come here every Vegas trip.
By FAR only place too go for Ramen! Growing up in Hawaii Ramen just about stable food as Spam musubi. So too finally find Ramen place same style food excited. It has all the same character small place holds less then fifty people, bar area (cool get see them make the ramen), and when the place gets packed line out the door. It SOO worth the wait. The timing is hit or miss. They first open in the morning for lunch that time always count on line. The whole small hole in the wall love because look where the restaurant located understand.. . The food all the ramen is good. Shoyu Ramen I die for!! The flavor is spot on the depth nice light broth and depending if order additional topping can be hearty noodle dish. I prefer couple extras. Other thing find must really perfect compliment too big bowl of ramen is gyoza. It steamed perfectly then seared off on flat top too perfection and the filling is tasty. The gyoza sauce optional but must only way too have it combine together is divine. . . They other sides I order the kim chee good but stand out is kim chee fried rice. It could ordered big bowl of that if they had it on the menu. =( It not over spicy but just the right amount of balance. They even have one beer offer on tap never think see small the place is never been good one too. I not remember name of it. Sorry.. . The service is excellent. All the servers are very friendly and attentive. The prices are really reasonable. It light healthy tasty any time meal! =))) If never been say give it try!!!
This place is amazing! I had never tried real ramen before and was take here by a friend for lunch one day. There are the 3 types of ramen you can have (Tonkotsu "Pork Bone", Miso "Bean Paste" or Shoyu "Soy Sauce"). They also have a list of extra toppings like Pork, Egg, Onion, Corn, or Kimuchi. You can also add extra noodles.. . The ramen was really good and the place always seems to be very packed every time I come here. I liked it so much the one time I went for lunch I made it the place to go for my birthday outing. There were about 8 of us and even though the place was small they were eventually able to see us. We did have to wait a bit for enough people to clear out to get an appropriate sized table but everyone in my party loved this place. It was perfect for a cold November day.. . The staff is very friendly and if you have any questions about the menu they are really helpful. They have other items on the menu but it's really about the ramen. Also, the price is ridiculously reasonable for the amount of food you're given. $7-$8 for the ramen and $.50-$2.50 for toppings. . . I personally always get the Shoyu ramen with Pork topping. Very good every time.
Good, creamy tonkotsu broth.  Chashu was not too fatty and melted in my mouth.  The noodles were okay, they didn't have the eggy taste that I love.  The service is what deserved the 5-star.  I ordered a mentaiko bowl and stopped after the first bite, it was too fishy for me.  The waitress noticed this and took the charge off our check.  Thanks for the kind gesture Monta!
This is still my most favorite Japanese noodle house.  My only question is why don't they open up more of these -- perhaps one near Henderson where I work?
I'm no ramen guy. Actually, this is my first experience with true ramen from a restaurant. It definitely met my expectations. I got the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen on my friend's advice, and I also split some fried rice. Loved the rich broth, the texture of the noodles, and the way that the chashu (which isn't like what I'm used to) just melted away in my mouth. I can see how some people would complain of saltiness, but I liked it just fine. The fried rice was also delicious, although it did seem pricey for, you know, fried rice.. . I was surprised at first by how small the place is, but after it became apparent that this is a spot for a quick meal, including rapid filling of orders, I saw how they could get away with it. You definitely shouldn't pick this place if you wanna linger around for an hour or more.
Fast service and delicious ramen. I couldn't really ask for more. I got mine with the nitamago (egg), and the egg was so good I want to accelerate my next trip to Vegas just so I can get back here.
This is a great place to eat.  Food is amazing and Staff is great
Being from Hawaii I love Saimin.  But there is no Saimin here in Las Vegas.  Next best thing is Ramen.  . . I first went to Monta about a month ago.  I thought it was good.  Then asked some of my Japanese Speaking staff where they go for good Ramen.  They mentioned Inaba and Sora.  I went Sora and finally made it to Inaba last night.  Well actually went to Monta and there was a line then decided to check out Inaba.  Inaba had 2 tables seated, other than that it was empty.  It was good.  Handmade noodles.  Cooked to order.  It took a while to get our food, but it was good.  Would I go back, no.. . Then went back to Monta tonight.  I've been in Las Vegas for a little over a month and ate there about 5 times so far.  The Ramen there is Great.  I thought it was good at first, but come to find out that other highly recommended  Ramen Shops can't compare to this.  This is by far the best Ramen Shop in Las Vegas.
Just north of the Las Vegas Chinatown strip is this little ramen house called Monta Noodle House. If you're NOT a local, you'll probably never find this place. Ohh...using Yelp may help you locate Monta also.. . We all have a mutual friend that lives in Vegas that loves Monta. I think I see him check into Monta at least once a week on FB. Small place, they'll be a wait at times but the food, ramen (BBQ pork) and apps are well worth it! . . I had the shoyu/miso ramen with their famous BBQ pork in the broth, A+! Gyozas aren't bad, the service was super good also. . . Next trip to Vegas, i'll be back! Very affordable menu too. Probably the BEST you can get in Vegas, their ramen cures hangovers!  :)
I have been try to get to this place after reading some reviews on Yelp by my hero Yuki K. So I arrange to pick up Wifee from work on a pretence of tile shopping for the new kitchen , quick detour and we're at Monta. . . I get the Miso Ramen, fab broth with huge pieces of pork and big fat noodles. Wifee got the Shoyu, it was simply splendid. Washed down with some Green Tea (in a can) and we were out the door for less than $20 before a tip.  It's a tiny place with super friendly staff, food is cooked right in front of you. Really good.
tonkatsu shoyu w/ soft egg! the broth is soo flavorful. sitting at the bar feels like i've been plopped in a japanese movie or anime. & i like watching the dude fling the noodle basket about.. . fried rice is good too.
Oh my goodness.  I want more noodles now.  Yum.. . We went on a Tuesday night at about 8;15 and there were people milling about outside, indicating a waiting list.  I had to be up early so we almost left and went elsewhere.  While we were thinking about it we put our names on the list, there were 3 other 2 tops ahead of us.  One of them had left I guess so we were sat in about 10 minutes.  I'm glad we stayed.  . . We were sat at the bar, with a perfect view of the noodles flinging about the kitchen.  Although I am a little short so I was standing most of the time :)  The place is small, probably no more than 24 seats, 10 of which are at the bar.  The service is quick and friendly.  The noodles come out quickly and it is fun to watch your order being made.  I got the Soy Ramen with extra scallions and extra pork.  Get the extra pork.  Each bowl comes with like 2 thin slices of pork.  It was my favorite part of the bowl, it is braised fatty pork that kind of melts in your soup and your mouth.  The flavor is wonderful and noodles are tender and slurpable (is that  a word?).  . . It was 20 bucks without tip and included two beers and two bowls.  It was quick and fun and tasty.  In the past I have had ramen bowls that were tasty, but they usually come with fish cakes and a few other things I don't love.  But this was pretty straight forward and no fish in any of these.  I guess it's a different type of ramen, but I like it way better.  . . Give this place a try, if there is a line, it goes quickly.  I will definitely go again, hopefully soon.
I had the miso soup with the pork and hard boiled egg, it was amazing! You get a great big bowl, friendly service. Can't wait to try the other items.
If you've read my past reviews, you'll see very quickly that I'm broke as a joke and would prefer eating closer to my home in NLV, but Monta is the ONLY place far away from home that I will eat at and drive through traffic for (OK, it's only a 20-minute drive away but the price I'm paying for gas makes it feel like a journey).. . I lived in Japan for 8 years, so as far as authenticity goes, this place takes the cake (or ke-ki). The waitresses and chefs are always welcoming and courteous, and you could tell they put a lot of love and effort in every dish that is served. There are items on the menu that I haven't seen since I lived in Japan, so Monta leaves a very special, nostalgic mark in my heart. They also remember their regulars and treat them like friends. So you'd think the price would match the golden service, but NO! It's so nice and cuddly on my wallet. My wallet wants to date the face off this place. I don't know many places that fix a huge bowl of noodles that could feed two people for just $6, and still taste awesome.
Fabulous noodles!!! The pork broth was sublime and the gyoza excellent. It's a small hole in the wall, but clean and pleasant.  As is usual for this town, it was located in a strip mall, which does diminish some of the charm.
They're good at what they do, ramen. . I, personally, feel like this is a place you go to when you specifically are craving it. . You wouldn't come in not sure of what to order.  . Options are limited since the menu is very small. The place itself is very small, but I think exclusivity is part of its charm. Every time I go there, it is busy and there is usually a little bit of a wait. There is a smal; bench outside for people to wait.. Different hours of the day allow for different amounts of waits. There is a sign in sheet, so make sure to get your name on it ASAP.. There is a drink that I get every time I am there called CALPICO. It's a non-carbonated soft drink. I know, I'm still trying to wrap my head around that idea as well. It's sweet and amazing. It's hard not to keep sipping on it while waiting for your food.
best ramen in Vegas hands down. Tried their fusion of tonkatsu and shoyu ramen. Great broth, but wasn't a big fan of the thinner noodles, but they were very good. my friend got the shoyu one.. wished I had gotten that one. I like the fact is that they designed it to make you feel like you are in one of those hole in the wall ramen shops in Japan. Great experience and good food.
Ordered a miso ramen with the boiled egg and it was excellent .. . The broth was done very well the egg tasted like butter don't know how they did it but it was great!!. . The two pieces of chashu was not dry but tender and had a layer of BBQ 'd jellied fat around it. Two pieces were enough. . . Service was attentive. . I will be back when I visit Vegas
I am going to jump on the bandwagon and say that ramen here is pretty great. It is a tiny place and there is generally a 15-20 minute wait. The staff is nice enough and the service is fine when it comes to refills or getting extra noodles for your broth. No one is overbearing, but they don't snub you either -- just right.. As far as the ramen, I had Tonkotsu-Shoyu with chashu, nori and shredded green onions. The broth was perfect and the chashu was tender with the right amount of fat. Ramen is considered to be Japan's ultimate comfort food, and I can see why.
The best Ramen PERIOD. Beats L.A.'s Santouka & Daikokuya. Tonkotsu Ramen was excellent with creamy broth and melt in your mouth chashu.  Kimchi fried rice was nothing special and gyoza was mediocre, in fact, a bit burnt.  Only a ~20 persons capacity, so think twice before bringing your party of 10+.  Servers were attentive.  Well worth the wait.
We stepped out of our comfort zone....  it was a very busy, hole in the wall restaurant.  Great food, great service!
For Las Vegas, Monta is pretty much as good as it gets.. . The food is good, prices are fair and it gives a somewhat authentic feeling by being in a tiny noodle shop that can only seat about 25 - 30 people.. . The only down side is the wait time to get in since the place is so popular. But at least you know the stock is fresh since the turnaround is so high.
This place is a little hole in the wall.  It's difficult to find, but well worth the effort!  We arrived a little after 6pm lucky enough to score seats; people behind us had to wait. There are only about 22 seats in the tiny place, but they're constantly full and rotate new people/groups.  Why?  Because the food is delicious!  I grew up in Japan and the ramen here is just the same, so authentic!  Fast & friendly service!. . P.S.  There's a restaurant in the same complex called "Big Wong" that serves ramen also.  I thought Monta had changed their name and we were about to go there.  But look a little bit harder.....it's small and the sign actually says "Monta."
No other place serves better ramen in Las Vegas.  This isn't debatable.  . . Sometimes it may be a bit salty or whatnot, but I guarantee you, the other Japanese restaurants in the Chinatown area can never compare to their ramen.  Unless you've found a smaller, hole-in-the-wall place (doubt that's possible, considering how small this place is), then let me know.. . Great ramen.  Great for the price, but it's $10 for the ramen plus a couple ingredients.  The service is ALWAYS fast.  I mean, how hard is it with less than 20 seats?  If something concerns you, the server is no more than 10 feet away- call for them when they pass by.. . There are several kinds of soup base you can pick from- each explaining in good detail what they taste like.  They are never watery- very flavorful, and each side dish they give you to put into your soup is always fresh.  The ramen doesn't taste like cup noodle.. . Someone earlier said that it's a typical, small Asian restaurant- get your food, eat, get the bill, get out.. . Ok, that's true.  So what, you're going to knock them down a star for them not having a heart to heart connection with you and not letting you tell them your whole life story?  Please.  . . Good food, some waiting, good service, cozy interior.. nothing to complain about.
Can you believe it? This was my first Tonkotsu ramen EVER. I cannot believe I missed out on this delicious food all these years. Since I don't have anything to compare it with, I cannot really write a review about the authenticity of this dish. All I can say is that the broth was very flavorful and delicious and I definitely have to expand my ramen experience now that I know how much I like it. . . I loved how this place was smaller, with a small menu, but very clean and comfortable - exactly my kind of place! Also, the servers were very friendly and helped us with the menu.. . I'm very glad I had a great first ramen experience. This makes me want to go back and see how I feel about it the second time. I'm excited, already!
YUM!!!. . I go here about once a week mainly Saturdays around 1pm.  The tonkotsu-shoyu is my favorite broth, the noodles (always cooked exactly one minute by Yoshi) are perfect.  Add to it nitamago and corn for a very Hokkidoesc ramen. . . The service is great and prompt.  . . Order the gyoza and fried rice and you can feed two people for under $25.
Been eating here regularly since they first opened. By far, the best ramen in Vegas. Maybe best shoyu ramen on the west coast (believe me, I've eaten a lot of ramen up and down the west coast).  . . Love the atmosphere... Very traditional ramenya... Small cozy seating area, bar counter searing, usual garnishes.  It's how it's suppose to be.. . And yes, the waitresses really are and speak Japanese (unlike most "Japanese" places in Vegas).  4.5-stars but I guess I have to round up.
Amazing ramen.  The broth was just an umame explosion.  Buttery, porky, hints of sesame oil.  The egg was perfect.  The pork was perfect.  The ramen itself was only ok but the broth is what the dish is all about.
Love the Ramen and Pork Belly at Monta. Great little place but don't be surprised if you have to wait to get a table. Yes its that good.
I miss living in Japan, and Monta takes me back. They have their own unique broths they have created for their ramen dishes, and each one of them is absolutely amazing. The side dishes like gyoza (pot stickers), special fried rice, and kimuhi (Japanese kimchi) are all amazing on their own as well. You can also get delicious Japanese imported draft beer at a great price. I am absolutely addicted to this place. Fun atmosphere, amazing food, and delicious beer. If you've been eating Cup Noodle your whole life... please... please go discover what real ramen was meant to taste like. Monta is where it's at.
My favorite Ramen Noodle place....well my 2nd one I ever been too and it is worth the wait. It's so dam small so be prepared to wait 30 min or more. Even out in the dessert heat. The soup broth is perfect...no to fatty and the ramen noodle is cooked perfect. Add Kim Chi and bam! cure for hangover or whatever.....
Delicious!! Never been here before today and the service was fast and great! The soup was so tasty and to my surprise I came out feeling full and satisfied after having a bowl of soup. . . Definitely recommend to all my friends!
You can tell food is good when people are willing to stand in line (which is often out the door) to wait through our blistering summers and biting winters.  Luckily, service and cook time are quick, so I have never had to wait more than fifteen minutes or so for a table or spot even when it's crowded.  . . Monta is a small, hole in the wall ramen place.  There are three kinds of seating: booth, table and bar stools.  If you're eating solo or you have a small party, you'll probably get seated more quickly because the individual bar stools will open up.  Additionally, so they can keep the flow going and keep wait times down, you'll have to sign in on a sheet, and they won't seat you until your entire party is present.  From the bar, you can see the crew in the kitchen cooking the meals.. . On to the food.  I normally order the Tonkot-Shoyu (mixed broth of the Tonkotsu and Shoyu) with corn and nori (dried seaweed), and add in some chili oil and spices from the table set.  The soup itself comes with chashu pork, bamboo shoots, kikarage (black mushrooms) and green onion.  I've tried ramen at two other locations (one in the Galleria mall in Henderson, and the other was Anime Ramen) and this is definitely my favorite spot to go.  The noodles have just the right amount of chewiness, the broth is flavorful but not overpowering, and the chashu is tender, melt in your mouth goodness.  . . I have also tried the pork belly bowl and gyoza, and both are pretty good.  I wish they had a different sauce for the gyoza, but soy sauce mixed with vinegar and a little chili oil works just fine.  I've only discovered this place in the last year, but I can honestly say it's become one of my go-to restaurants and it's definitely a comfort food.  Prices are more expensive than your fifty cent package of Top Ramen, but it'sstill cheap for a restaurant at under ten dollars an entree.  . . My only bone to pick is that their green tea is only chilled and it comes in a can, though as far as canned green tea goes, it's not bad.
I LOVE ramen and my son is a ramen snob!!. Tonkotsu (pork bone) ramen & kim Chee fried rice. Add egg please. Yum!. very small place..... mini....... but very worth the wait!!
I'll be honest - this was my first time ever having REAL ramen.  And, now my standards are very high.  The Tonkatsu broth was nothing less than a creamy cloud of comfort!!  The place reminds me of the tiny restaurants in Japan too.  Even with a line outside and the heat, I would happily wait for another bowl.
Best hang over food. I would always come here when i'm about to leave Vegas. This place is small, but i'm not complaining. I remember I came here 15 minutes before it open and when they opened their door I saw people sprinting out of their cars trying to get a seat. When you see people do that, you know it's legit. They have multiple soup base and different add-ons. So it's line a customizable ramen shop. Build-a-ramen. The noodles are cooked well, they aren't bloated, the base is very flavorful, and the meat literally melts in your mouth. Service here is beyond excellent. This place is my absolute favorite ramen joint ... Ever...
Man, how come I couldn't make my Top Ramen this good?. . 1 star = for their broth.  It's creamy, extremely flavorful, and salty; just the way I like it!. . 2 stars = for their melt in your mouth pork.  The portion is actually really filling!. . 3 stars = for the corn add in. Like why does it taste so good? Maybe they bathed it in butter prior to adding it in your Ramen. lol.. . 4 stars = the egg add in.  These eggs are bomb dot com!  Great addition to any ramen on their menu!. . 5 stars = portions are huge!. . I also tried their regular fried rice and wasn't too impressed.  But their Ramen is yum!
Best ramen house in Vegas...takes me away from Pho!!
Wow Wow Wow. . . I have tried a few authentic places for Ramen before, but this place takes the cake :). . I had the Tonkotsu Ramen (which is pork for us Gaijins) and it was very tasty! The best part is that the broth wasn't overly salty, as most places that I have tried. The broth was delicious and the meat itself was very tender! I would definitely go here weekly if I lived close by. Prices are good too. . . The space is a bit small and we did have a little wait before we were seated. This place gets busy! Don't worry though, because it's worth it!. . I also heard that the Shoyo Ramen is very good as well!. . I rarely give 5's. And the funny thing is that I had to get dragged to go here. Go figure. Apparently, this place has won a lot of awards in several big local magazines (how we found out about it, lol)  :)
I was boasting to my CSN students about a must try Raku, they said try Monta next door... and I say thank you very kindly! Prior to ordering while looking at the other tables fragrant dishes/bowls of fare, I'm thinking no way, to much food for me. BUT the deliciously flavored giant bowl Ramen & large dish of pork fried rice seemed toevaporate in to thin air. Lucky for me the portions weren't twice as big, or my next review would be on a Jenny Craig location or two.
I've looked far and wide for a good Ramen shop that would satisfy my appetite for real Japanese style Ramen.  Oh how I've shed many tears over the prepackaged Ramen that I was forced to eat, because I just couldn't get the real deal.  Well my days of sadness are over since Monta Ramen has come into my life.  Now the world is good again....  . I usually go for the the tonkotsu Ramen, but have been known to dip my chopsticks into the tonkotsu-shoyu broth as well.  Both flavors are deep and rich, and each has a creamy texture that can only come from long, slow simmering.  The main difference between these two types of broths comes in the form of a lil more salty punch that the tonkotsu-shoyu has.  . The noodles are firm (but not too firm) and thin and have a great mellow flavor that balances out the saltiness of the broths.  On their menu it states that you can get an extra helping of these noodles for a very small fee.  I've tried to finish an extra helping of the noodles twice, and have failed both times.  It is a really huge a portion of food, and in my version of man vs. food, food most defiantly won.  Along with the noodles you get a selection of side items you can add to your Ramen.   I would recommend adding the egg and corn they taste great in the Ramen, and turn it into a really substantial meal.   . The last thing I'm going to say about this great Las Vegas Ramen shop is that the staff is, and has always been friendly and attentive (I never go more two minutes without having my water glass filled).
This is one of My Favorite Restaurants.  It is always a good place to have lunch.  There Fried Rice is Probably the best I have ever had.  All of the Ramen is Flavorful and has a ton of stuff to add to them.  Pink pickled ginger is amazing and makes all the food taste better.  One Bad thing its small so don't mind waiting
Delicious ramen!! The noodles are the perfect texture and the broth is rich and creamy!
When I was visiting my brother and his GF in Vegas, they took me here for dinner one night. I was surprised to see that this cozy ramen shop was next to another favorite Japanese place - Raku. What most people don't know is that you can find some of the best (and cheaper) eats off the strip when you're visiting Sin City.. . There was a bit of a wait (15-20 mins) seeing that the place is pretty tiny but it was worth it.. . I loved the Tonkotsu Ramen and the Fried Rice that I ordered and shared with my 1.5 year old. The pork broth was delicious and rich as one would hope for in a mom and pop style kind of place. The meat was tender enough to give to my son who loves pork. The Fried Rice wasn't overwhelmed with 100 ingredients like some places but it was so flavorful. I tried to hold back and not pig out but it's really hard when the food is so good!. . I will definitely be stopping by Monta Ramen again on my next trip to Vegas!
Now, when you try try their noodles and broth, you won't mind waiting for a table. The first time I visited this place, I was aggravated by the wait and lack of tables, BUT after eating their miso with noodles, I understood why it was worth the wait. I have to stay away from that neighborhood because immediately I crave their noodles when I'm in the area. Addictive food, I must say!! Love i!!
Monta is fantastic...a fantastic real Japanese Ramen house hidden in the middle of LV. Everything here is authentic, tasty, cheap, fun and fantastic. If you are looking for a small, real Japanese noodle house in LV, this is the place. enjoy!
Seriously, Im getting addicted to this place. Noodles are perfect, broth is always creamy and perfectly seasoned, sides are delicious. Service is quick and friendly. What more can I ask!!??. . So far my favorite is Miso Ramen with Nitamago and Nori. Last time, I ordered the  Mini Mentaiko (with spicy cod row) and was blown away by how great everything tasted. . . One of the bestmeals under $10 in a city of great restaurants.
Great soup bases. It's a pleasant surprise that Vegas offers an authentic ramen place like this (in fact, this is not the only one). The basic bowl is not expensive, but it's easy to add additional options thinking they are cheap, but they add up; so be careful! The place is small, not recommend for a party large than four.
I don't have a lot of Ramen expertise but this place far exceeded my expectations, which were high before I walked through the door. An outstanding meal for right around $10.
Monta is amazing. Not only are the noodles killer but I love the idea of a tiny little restaurant that really only does a handful of items. You won't find desserts or even much for appetizers here. But what they do they do to perfection. Every couple of weeks I NEED my miso ramen fix. I plan on moving next year and I know Monta is one place I will miss.
Monta Ramen: The 411 and maybe something different than the 559 other Monta reviews.... . Location: 1 block West of Decatur on Spring Mountain Road. It's tucked into the back of a small shopping center off the North side of Spring Mountain. Signage is minimal which means if you're not paying attention you will miss it.  . . Parking: Limited parking spaces if other businesses nearby are open. Can be tight to park if crowded. . . Monta is small. Square footage wise they've taken a small space and maximized every square foot of it. Don't be surprised if there's a wait that you have to stand outside as there's room for maybe 2-3 people inside the front door. . . Seating. They have a handful of tables and a counter with slightly uncomfortable stools you can sit on that looks into a fun to watch kitchen. If you are shy, claustrophobic, or don't like slurping noodles where anyone can watch this is not the place for you. . . Food: I walked in here skeptical. 559 Yelp reviews. Lots of heated discussions, controversy abounds about Monta. I came to try it, and I came in a bad mood to boot. I ordered Miso Ramen with extra slices of charziu. And I had an OMG moment here that left me with a smile from ear to ear and I left the bowl totally empty. I will say that Ramen Sora has better charziu, hands down. But the overall experience I had at Monta was superior in every other aspect.  . . Special Notes: Monta's Miso Ramen has a bit more oil in the broth. It's not an oil that ruins the taste, it seems to enhance it somewhat. But it's also a small problem if you're sitting at the counter slurping a bowl of ramen and you get some splash back that lands on your shirt. If you've got to go back to work after eating at the counter, having some Shout wipes on hand is essential. . . Overall Impression? I loved it. From the wide range of people I ate lunch beside to the overall awesomeness of the Miso Ramen to the friendly and fast staff, count me among those who understand why Monta inspires such a range of emotion. For me, this was an experience I won't soon forget, and I can't wait to go back and have more of it.
Mmmm monta, i want to go to there. I always leave satisfied.  Most delicious pork ever.  Actually it's so rich that I don't usually order extras, 2 pieces is enough for me.   Some reviewers have said that it's too salty and sometimes I agree, but then I just pour more water in it to balance it out.  My go-to ramen:  Miso ramen with shredded green onion, egg, and kimchee.
I literally DREAM of the tonkatsu ramen with the garlic in it....We go to vegas every 2 months or so and have to come here EVERY TIME if not sometimes multiple times in the same weekend. it is just SO mindblowingly good. the noodles are homemade, the tonkatsu broth is ridiculous...I know there isnt that much more that i need to say with the other hundreds of reviews but I just dont want monta to lose anything being that its so famous and well known especially after its little Bon Appetit spread.... stay the way you are monta!!
Best Ramen in Vegas IMO. The tonkatsu shoyu is mine and my wife's go to move each time. It's hard to order anything else. The porkbelly is so delicious and tender. If i'm feeling saucy i'll go with the tonkatsu shoyu with egg and extra pork. POW. The porkbelly rice bowl is delicious and a good appetizer. Their fried rice choices are also very good.
Damn, the price here is so much less compared to NYC ramen joints. Broth is amazing, a bit salty but the noodles and pork are AMAZING. Went there TWICE during a 4 day stay in Vegas, so that basically tells you how much I love this place. Come early too because the door opens at 11:30am and it was a full house already.
Wow!  Excellent!  Best ramen in Vegas.  Seating is limited and you should expect to wait.  Parking is not great, but we always find a spot.  If your ramen experience is limited to the Walmart variety, then do yourself a favor and try this place.  The broth is more than an over salted packet and the noodles seem fresh made.  My favorite is the Tonkotsu Bowl.  The kimchi fried rice was okay and the pork belly bowl is amazing.
I"m half Japanese and lived in Japan for 18 years so I know what good ramen taste like. Monta's Ramen is Good. I also enjoy their Chaahan (Fried Rice), looks greasy but it's very good, the gyoza is good too. Heard they're opening a second store off Eastern/Serene next to the Japan Creek Store and it's going to be much bigger space. Only 5 mins from home, can't wait.
Absolutely amazing Ramen, best I've ever had!
Small Ramen shop with a simple menu of a handful of ramens all for about $7 a bowl. The service was fast and the food was great. Good food at a great value just minutes away from the Vegas strip.
This is my favorite Ramen in town.. . I prefer the "Tonkotsu-Shoyu" mix over the other two separate and the miso.  So much flavor...I have no idea how they do it.. . I usually add in the egg and a little extra pork to go crazy, and this would be plenty for the avg joe to fill up on.. . Otherwise, I order the Kim Chi fried rice...amazing!  This is one of my favorite fried rice dishes of all time.  Very very good.  If I order this, I tend not to get the extras inside the ramen otherwise I will burst at the seams.. . Service is fast...this is a quick bite and go kind of place, so don't expect to stay and converse for an hour after dinner.  They don't rush you, but there are typically others waiting to eat, and the place is tiny, you will feel guilty staying much later than the meal lol.. . Do it!
My friends and I found this place in one of the Las Vegas magazines. We opted to try it out. I have been addicted ever since. I have not wanted to write this review because this place is like y secret treasure and very small. There is almost always await. The food comes out very fast it has a limited menu of Ramen noodles.  It is awesome. The fried rice is out of the park good.  The bowls of noodles are quite big and you pay like $7 bucks. You can't go wrong with that.  The wait staff is nice and fast.  I can eat here everyday since Ramen noodles are one of my favorite.  It is a bit out of the way for me plus its small and often packed. Definitely worth going and checking it out and even if you have never had Ramen (the pack for .25 cents in the grocery store does not count) for less then ten bucks its worth it try.
This place is not too hard to find and there are plenty of parking spaces with other restaurants around. If you're feeling ramen, this is (so far), the best place. Growing up in Japan, ramen has been the comfort food for me whenever I'm out and about with family, friends, or by myself. I only knew of 2 other locations here in Vegas when I used to live here and since I left and came back, this popped out of nowhere and it blew me away. Their ramen is perfect. From the texture of the noodles, the amount they serve and the flavor of the broth, it's just perfect. It's also the first time I've been to a ramen shop where you can choose exactly what type of toppings you want. I chose eggs, nori, and pork. The pork and the egg definitely is the perfect toppings I've ever tasted on ramen. The amount of fat and the flavor of the pork was magnificent. The egg was just perfect where the yolk had a creamy texture in the center and the whites had a slight salty flavor to it that just blew me away and mixed very well with the broth (I had the Tonkatsu broth). As for the restaurant itself, It's clean inside. It has a mom and pop feel so it didn't feel fully sterile like an apple store would which I don't mind. It felt very home-e. I felt like I was really in Japan, minus the radio blasting in the background. I think I heard One Direction and some other pop music play. It shouldn't bother you though if you love/hate it because trust me, the ramen will be so good you're not gonna care. Customer service was really fast. I walked in and was greeted and seated right away. I ordered and I'd say 3 or 4 minutes later, I get my bowl. Once I finished my water, (BAM!) refilled. Portions I'd say is just right. They give you enough where you don't end up wasting anything, but I'm just so used to getting gigantic bowls of ramen that I was actually bummed how perfectly proportioned it was! Is that weird? Over all, I give this place a 5 out of 5, I can't wait to eat here again (for ramen that is). I haven't tried the others stuff they offer on the menu, but if ramen is what you're looking for, then look no farther. This. Is. THE. Place. . . Location: 4/5. Cleanliness: 4/5. Customer Service: 5/5. Time: 5/5. Portions: 4/5. Taste: 5/5. 27/30 =90%
Another great find through YELP!  Arrived at Monta around 9:30 and were lucky enough to get seated!  Every spot was taken.  I counted 23 seats in the house.  Mom and I had the Shoyu Ramen. The flavor was delicious! Dad had the Tonkotsu/Shoyu Ramen.  The noodles were thinner, and the broth was a little thicker. My husband had the Tonkotsu Ramen with corn and a side order of kimchi.  He ate every bit and said we would be back again.  Great place for ramen!
I've been to this place for a while. No matter when I go (11 am, 2 pm, 4 pm or 9 pm), it's always crowded. Therefore, it's not a good restaurant for a big group celebration (because of the size of restaurant), but if you are looking for an authentic and delicious Ramen, cold noodle or pork belly bowl, this is the place you shouldn't miss when you visit Vegas.. . My favorite is Miso Ramen and pork belly bowl. Some of my friends claimed the miso Ramen was slightly salty, but I disagree with them. The fat of pork belly bowl created this awesome aroma and chewy texture from this simple dish. No matter what I ordered that day, I can't help but always order an extra small pork belly bowl every time I visited.
Despite my father's criticisms about this place (he's really picky when it comes to Japanese food), I decided to go here with my friends..  . I've been here a good number of times and I think it's safe to say that this ramen house is good. And I mean GOOD.. . I order the same thing every time: the shoyu ramen. The noodles are fantastic, the broth very flavorful, and the toppings, including the chashu, complete the bowl. Oh, and the fried rice is pretty good, too!. . The place has a cozy and traditional feel to it. It's a very small establishment, but this is what you should expect from an authentic Japanese restaurant. This comes with a quick and friendly staff.. . Need to go to this place more often since it's already getting really cold.
There isn't a whole lot left to be said that hasn't already been said.. This ramen joint is located in a little shopping center that is the mecca of fantastic quaint restaurants. Pretty much everything in this plaza is amazing. But Monta is The. Best. Ramen. In. Vegas.. . I always get the half tonkatsu half shoyu ramen because I like a little more salt, and think the tonkatsu is just a tad too porky for me. I also get the thicker noodle because I like a little more chew. They offer various additional toppings here including green onion, butter (!), corn, nitamago, pickled mustard greens and the very very necessary extra order of chashu. Not necessary because the regular order comes with a stingy amount.. extra because you will never, ever have enough chashu.. . At other ramen places I usually pick around the roasted pork, just not that into the flavor. But here, it melts away in your mouth. It's so tender it's hard to grab with your chopsticks sometimes because it'll just fall apart.. . The kim chee fried rice here is solid, but nothing I'd go out of my way for. This version is just.. meh. Good but not great.. . Monta is ALWAYS worth the wait.
Monta, my favorite!  I love coming to Monta when hitting up Vegas.  My friend tells me that this is where the locals go.  . . Food is amazing.  AND AT CHEAP PRICES!  I usually go with the Tonkotsu Ramen.  Very tasty.  Also try to Kim Chi fried rice!  It's so good and goes great to compliment the ramen.  . . The last time I visited, I tried the cold noodles.  I forget what the name was on the menu but it was so tasty.  It was packed with flavor when you eat.  It also had that refreshing taste to it.  You leave the restaurant, not sluggish, but having a refreshed feeling, which isn't normal.  Well to me at least! Great restaurant and open pretty late! . . Space is small, so try to get there early.  I heard that the wait times can be long if you go during prime times.
Your not going to get any better unless you drive 5 hours to LA. Don't fear the line outside, it move quickly.  A must if you find yourself on Mountain Spring
The best ever! Everything about this place is awesome! Kimchee rice++
I took a stool at the bar and ordered the Shoyu Ramen, small Pork Belly side, and a Oolong Tea. The pork came out first. The delicious pork was nestled onto a bed of white rice and was topped with green onions and some pickled carrots. For 3.95 this dish was the winner of the day. The green onion and pickled carrots perfectly counterbalanced the savoryness of the pork belly. . . This place never disappoints.
This one of my favorites spots on Spring Mountain. Its a truly satisfying meal. I like the tonkatsushoyu because its the perfect balance; rich yet flavorful. the noodles are perfect every time and add what toppings you like, seaweed, egg, green onion, kim chee, PORK BELLY!!! MMMM PORK BELLY!!!!!
The best ramen ive had so far
It's been quite a while since I wrote my first review for this place.. . UPDATE TIME!. . I've been back to Monta several times.. and by several I mean, ever since I had my first taste.. I've been back at least 4-5 times in a month.. . Since my first time, nothing about the food has changed but there have been some additions to the menu such as the Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen and the Cold noodles (which I have yet to try). The food is still the same and I STILL LOVE IT.. . The only thing that's changed is the prices for toppings and such has gone up a little bit and now my meal averages to about $12-$14 a trip for just one bowl. A little bit pricey sometimes but hey, you get what you pay for!. . My old review still holds truth! GO FORTH AND EAT MONTA!
It's about time I write a review for my beloved Monta! first things first I didn't like this place at the beginning but I gave it a second try and I am hooked. I came here so much that I became the duchess after having 30-35 check ins lol yes I'm that obsessed. Sadly someone took my spot but whatever lol . . I usually order tonkatsu shoyu with chashu,nitamago & corn... The broth is just sooooooo gooood! I've been to so many ramen places here in Vegas and none of them can compare to this! . The broth is like creamy pork flavor with shoyu (soy sauce), the chashu pork is very tender and thin which is perfect for me it's so so so good! The noodles are firm and not too soggy which I love as well ^__^ . For side dishes I usually get takana fried rice and gyoza :) so yummy . . As for the people that work there, they already know that I'm a regular so they usually give us good seats and we also tip them really good lol. Just don't go there during the weekends or around 7pm so many people waiting in line. I just wish they would renovate & make the place bigger since its very famous already and u get to sit more customers ya know?! . I can't wait to go back this week & eat there again. Writing this review just made me hungry!! :p
Monta Monta.. Do you want to Monta?.... F**k yeah I wanna Monta. A friend of mines mention to me about this place when she was in Vegas. So the next time I went to Vegas, I decided to try this place out cause I love good ramen. Line here sucks but it is well worth it. The first time I had this place I was blown away at how scrumdidilumpcious. I decided to go back to this place again the next day just so my friends can try it out also. Miso ramen was excellent. The pork was so tender that it melts in your mouth. Same with the egg. The only thing I would complain about is the gyoza. They tasted like the one you brought in the frozen good section at the store. Stay away from the gyoza and you would definitely give this place 5 stars.
I never use to eat off strip on my trips to Vegas. I always thought that if i'm on vacation, I should experience the strip and maybe downtown and nothing else. Lately though, I find myself enjoying the hidden gems of Vegas more and more; eat where the locals eat and you can't go wrong. Monta Ramen is one of those fine establishments. . . Hands down the best Tonkatsu ramen I have ever had. The presentation is simple, but the flavors are out of this world. By far my most favorite part of the dish is the pork belly. Thinly sliced and melt in your mouth juicy, even the L.A.'s Daikokuya doesn't match. Also ordered a side of Kim Chi fried rice. The dish was unremarkable, and unnecessary since the ramen portion was filling. . . The place is small, and popular so be sure to get there early!
Awesome!  Have had ramen all over japan and greater LA area and this place is hands down one of the best.  Love how they keep it real japan style and hurry you out when you are done eating.  That is how it should be done in a ramen  joint.  I never felt rushed but when i was done i was ready to head out.  I had the gyoza and was impressed also.  Buddy had ramen in NY at Momofuko and said that place was horrible Monta opened his eyes.  He wanted to come back for an early lunch the next day!
We came with a party of 9, and they were very accommodating.  I got the Miso Ramen, which comes with the thick, curly noodles.  The regular Tonkotsu ramen comes with the thin noodles, which I don't really like, so read the descriptions carefully.  I added corn to my ramen, and it was perfect!  We also shared some gyoza and fried rice.  The gyoza is ok, but the fried rice had lots of green onions.  . . Yes, this place is small, but the crowd just shows how great the food and service is here.  We got to sit at the counter and watch the guys make all the food.  It was the best seat in the house!
Great hole in the wall Ramen place! Great service and staff are very accommodating. We got our order right away which was awesome!  The wait for a table isn't too bad, if its cold just wait in your car or there are several massage places next to Monta :  ).
Although the wait to be served was approximately 40 minutes the wait was well worth it. We had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen with a side of Gyoza. The Ramen was the best we have tasted in the USA. Definitely a must visit whenever we are in Las Vegas.
I've probably been to Monta Ramen about 20+ times now, and in my opinion it's the best ramen noodle shop in town (Fukumimi does come close in my opinion....more on that in another review. . . The Food (5 out of 5):. I usually order either the Tonkotsu Shoyu or the Miso Ramen and then add an egg. I absolutely love their broth (I am a big fan of salt after all). At times, we will order gyoza and/or fried rice to go along with our orders of ramen, and that is usually a good way to round out the meal.. . The Service (4 out of 5):. I love how fast the turnover of tables is after a patron as left because there is usually a line of people waiting to get in. This is my only true gripe about Monta; I just wish that they had just a little more seating room. HINT: If you go here for lunch, they open at 11:30am......just make sure that you are a couple of minutes early otherwise you will be waiting about 20-30 mins to get seated.. . The Price (5 out of 5): . Ok, I guess that this could be better if it were FREE, but come on, that's not going to happen! But, you shouldn't be paying any more than $20 pp here (more like $10-12 pp if you're not getting any extras and/or having water as your drink). . . OVERALL:. Monta Ramen is at the top of the pack for Japanese ramen noodle shops in Las Vegas in my opinion!
Monta is the best Ramen in town!!!
okay wow.  so yummy!
Really good Ramen dishes. Now I know what it's SUPPOSED to be like!. I got mine with the thicker noodles, extra pork and an egg. Bomb!. I had enough broth that I could've ordered a refill of noodles, but we had a side of rice for the little guy, so I just dumped that in a slurped it all up!. We got Gyoza as an appetizer. It wasn't bad, but I'll skip it next time.
So good. So cheap. So perfect.
If given the choice of going out to eat vs. staying in, I never even think about where I might want to go, I always go to Monta. A good friend introduced me to this wonderful place a long time ago, and it's been my favorite spot ever since.. . The quality of food and service is top notch, and they never disappoint. I order the Tonkotsu-Shoyu with extra pork belly and an egg. For such delicious food, the prices are astoundingly good. I honestly could not say enough good things about this place.. . I've taken numerous people to this place, and will continue to do so. I've told out of town friends, and anyone that has mentioned a hankering for ramen, or food in general, to come here, because they have not lived until they've eaten the best ramen in town. . . I wish there were more space for seating, but it's not really a problem if I have to wait. The reason there is a wait is because everyone knows how amazing this place is, and their food is well worth the wait. Well worth it.
friend recommended and hear alot of buzz about this place . and sure enough i immediately became a fan . The broth was very rich and good . The ramen was smooth and thin - can tell it was freshly made . The spicy salmon roe mini rice bowl was yummy . Excellent customer service . Strongly recommended
First love but can't wait !
*drool*.....I can hardly write this review without becoming hungry. Anyway I frequent this place as often as I can. I always order my ramen with extra pork and sometimes an egg. This place is very crowded most of the time but its worth the wait. So if you are thinking you're hungry and want ramen get here quick sit through the wait time and then feast on, in my opinion, the best ramen in china town.
Ramen seems like it would be a simple delicacy to create, but this place makes it such an exquisite dish and it is quite delightful to the taste buds. . . I noticed a lot of bad reviews are due to the size and service of the restaurant as opposed to the food. But everytime I've came here I have never had that problem. . . First of all, if you know this place is going to be small I wouldn't suggest bringing large groups. Everytime I've been here was with only one other person when I've had a craving for good ramen and some Japanese beer. With that said I've always been able to get a seat without having to wait too long and my food has always come out speedy, fresh, and fantastic. . . The tonkatsu-shoyu ramen is awesome and if you'd rather opt out of the mixed broth they are both good stand alone too. There are a lot of toppings you can add to your soup which is pretty awesome also. . . Great place for anyone to check out, but just remember the size capacity issue when trying out this place!
I never liked going to eat ramen, but the more places I try, the more I love and appreciate Monta. . . This place is very small, and sometimes the wait can be a while, but the service is actually really quick. I've tried every flavor, but my favorite would have to be the Tonkatsu with corn. The corn just puts it over the top! My boyfriend is usually a die hard Miso fan, it's pretty good, I don't love it, but so far he likes Monta's the best. . . I don't ever order fried rice at restaurants, but this one time I did and it was actually pretty good! It had a lot of flavor, it reminded me of my mom's. The pork belly bowl is delicious too, but I wouldn't go there for that. Overall, Monta would have to be my favorite ramen spot!
This place may be small in size but big in value. Their soups are great and the pork belly with rice was amazing! The menu may not be very deep but what they make is top notch.. . Reasonable hours with reasonable pricing and excellent service. A great place to go to get something in your belly after a night of drinking with friends.
Ramen house. That's exactly what this place is, no frills just Ramen with a few sides (fried rice/gyoza items on the menu) Monta is truly a place that focuses on the Ramen.  Tonight I had the Shoyu basic ramen and didn't need to add anything to it.  I'm still a Ramen newb so hearing tables next to me adding extra pork, extra noodles etc made me realize you can customize your own Ramen bowls, but just the basic Ramen as is is just fine.  This is good comfort food and beats your top ramen like during your college years. *there will be a wait and this place is small, but definitely worth it! **the hot tea comes in cans cold or hot.
OMG i loved it!. Best ramen Ive had in a long time! we came right before they opened and there were already some people waiting outside. I ordered the tonokatsu Ramen and it was so delicious. The broth was so rich and flavorful and the pork pieces were juicy. The addition of corn and their egg is a MUST! I will definitely be back again and again
This Vegas trip turned out great because I got the chance to try many different restaurants and Monta Ramen got me hooked on Ramen. Since I have been back to California I have tried 3 different places. I have compared them all to Monta Ramen and Monta Ramen blows everyone out of the water. There broth is so simple,yet very flavorful. There egg is cooked perfectly. Prices are very reasonable!
My favorite ramen spot in Vegas AND LA combined!. Been to fukumimi, daikokuya, and this place tops my list! I was told that they did close down for a bit, but they recently re-opened, not sure why they had to close down but sources told me that it can only mean 1 thing....sanitation....well you knowhow the saying goes, thats why they're so good...The fried rice and ramen combo are definitely worth coming here again and again.
So amazing!  We happened to hit it just right and were seated quickly.  However, be prepared to wait - but the food is definitely worth it!  The broth is so flavorful and the noodles are cooked to perfection.  I felt like I was in Tokyo again!  A definite must try!
Ramen perfection! The best ramen I've had ever...and I have been to about 15 different places around the country.  All the ingredients are high quality and artfully prepared.
My homie Lutz took us here this past weekend we were in Vegas...and he was ranting and raving about how good this spot was. He claimed it was the best he ever tasted .....and I have to admit...it was all that and then some tall dark and handsome (tribe called quest reference) hehe jk anyway . . "The Venue aka the Vibe"- Clean, Quaint, Accessible, to small groups...I dig the get in the face of my food and "don't bother me while i'm eating" environment! usually when you go to a huge spot with a gang of loud mouf mofos its hard to enjoy your food! but then again Japanese are loud period. . . "The Service"- The server made everything pleasant by being informative about the menu not great but not anything to complain about. Plus we got our food pretty quick. Considering this was officially our first real meal from our 4-5 hour trip this was a huuuuuuuge plus!. . "The Food"- I ordered the Tonkatus Shoyu Ramen...with extra chashu and extra flavored egg. It was definitely flavorful the broth was amazing and the noodles were soft and easy to gobble up !!!!! I was very tempted to order some more noodles but amazingly I got full pretty quick! I 've had pretty good ramen all over from Torrance to Honolulu and I must say this ranks up there....Maybe because Vegas is considered the 9th island...the local Japanese Hawaiians get it right everytime. . . If you're from the South Bay like I am its pretty comparable to Yamadaya and Hakata...but overall still is another one of those I would come back to Vegas to make this a first pit stop for some bomb ass Ramen yo!
Monta Ramen is simply the best. Excellent food and affordable prices are both a plus. Their pork ramen broth is killer good, and you can even order extra noodles if you are feeling hungry. They have additional ramen toppings for a little extra as well. Theplace is small so expect a wait if you come during peak hours. But overall, this place is killer.
This tiny shop is one of the best places in a town full of great restaurants.
Near perfect hangover food. Even sober, I kinda can't believe how good this place is given what they're charging. 2 bowls ramen, gyoza, and large bowl pork belly over rice was like $35 - what?
This place is a japanese Ramen Noodle Bar. I have no idea what the hell kind of customer service people expect from a damn noodle bar. I expect food that is delicious, which this place is, a decent price, which Monta is a little on the pricer for it's product type, but not for it's quality, and food that is fast, which Monta is as well.. . If you go get the fried rice, and the ramen, any kind. That's all I have to say. I'm pretty sure I've eaten more food than you, if anything at least more calories, so just trust me when I say go here and eat!
This is my favorite ramen shop.  I am so glad they're now in Henderson.
As good as Ramen can be.  Simple menu.  The server was adorable.  Cool interior design.  A high end chef recommended we eat here when asked where to eat great food without spending a ton.. . Fried rice surprisingly good.
This place is a little bit of heaven in a bowl!  The menu is simple.  I love the Shoyu ramen.  The broth is perfect, no need to alter it with the additives that are offered on the tables, just perfect. The tonkatsu is a little bit to fatty for my tastes its almost like you can taste the lard.  The only thing that could make this spot better would be a frequent fliers card!
I must say, hands down, THE BEST ramen in Las Vegas. Although the place is pretty small and the wait list does get long during busy hours, I'd say all off those are worth the hassle for a bowl of monta noodles. The menu is small, but everything i've tried so far has been delicious. They serve the food in a good amount of time too. . . Ihighly recommend this place for anyone who loves ramen :]
The first taste of my Shoyu ramen and I had to pause... it took me back to the days when my wife and I were living in Okinawa. it's been 8 years since we were on the island and up until now... we haven't found any ramen close to what we had experienced while in Japan. .  Las Vegas... you are lucky to have this little jewel of a restaurant in your town.  You won't find anything close to Monta's here in Phoenix.  So jealous!  Great food.. warm, friendly atmosphere.  It's not a big place... maybe seats 30 if that.  You might have to wait for a table or a chair at the bar... but... it's worth it.. . Can't wait to go back!!
Went to try this place based on the Yelp reviews.  What a great find.  The location is tiny, but the food is wonderful.  Noodles were cook perfectly, and the broth was hot and flavorful.  . . I wish we had a place like this in Dallas.
The only other ramen joint that stands in Monta's way is Daikokuya in Los Angeles. So that says a lot about Monta :) I absolutely love the tonkatsu ramen they have! Monta practically became my go to place to get my ramen fix. I felt terrified when I heard they had health code violations but glad they quickly solved the issues and reopened! They always have had great service and decently priced items on their menu.
Why am I rating this? Obviously it's a spit in the pool with all these other ratings. I want to right the wrong, four stars are not good enough for this place. Is the food five star? No, it's four star. The service, is it five star? No, it's three and a half stars. So why argue? Because for a lunch, you get something fantastic, delicious, full of umami and soooooo affordable. That, my friends, is a five star experience. I challenge you to find a better meal at double the price. And that's why there's a line out the door every lunch
Love this place. I truly can't get enough. It's super tiny, which I think adds to its sheer brilliance. Cooked to order in mere minutes, the ramen is brilliant. The flavors are clear, portions massive and price is ridiculously inexpensive!! Less than $7 a bowl!. . The servers are super nice and attentive and they've always got a sweet playlist going that really sets the mood. I'll be back over and over and over again.
For what this place is, it is the best of Vegas!. . Staff is friendly.. . Food is yummy for ramen (only thing better is buying some ramen at the supermarket 10 for $1!). . Some great soups for a cold Vegas summer night!
Honestly best hole on the wall place in Las Vegas. Not expensive at all. A little wait since the place is always packed. The Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen to die for! The broth is rightly season and the pork belly?! Orgasmic! $6.95 fo those noodles? Better than going to Asian Town in LA.
My favorite spot for ramen in LV. Just be prepared for a really long wait, even at 10:30p.. . The Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen is great, along with our favorite side of Pork Belly Fried Rice.
A Vegas institution. Delighted that I discovered it early on, as it's tough to get in these days. Completely addicted to their miso ramen. I once went there straight from the airport after spending a month traveling in South America -- I didn't even drop my suitcase off at home first! This is not a place to linger over a meal, as they try to turn tables quite quickly, but there are plenty of other places nearby where you can get coffee and linger. Fantastic food and very consistent. Limited menu and just some beer and wine, so if you are looking for other items beside miso, some fried rice and some appetizers, I wouldn't choose Monta. However, for the best miso soup in town: Monta all the way. I am so hooked on their food that sometimes I go there twice a week. -- even if I happen to be on the other side of town. Highly recommended.
Monta Ramen is the best is Vegas. Hands down. I've searched around to see if any Vegas ramen joints are better and the answer is a resounding no.. . The tonkotsu broth simply can't be beat, and the chasu pork atop the ramen is the most tender I've found. I typically add the corn and the hard-boiled egg (nitamago). If you're in the mood for more than just ramen, the kimchi fried rice and the potstickers are both excellent starters.. . This place gets crowded. Like, insanely crowded. Line out the door. If you're planning to stop by for lunch, you better be waiting outside before they open at 11:30am. But even if you do have to wait for a table or a counter seat, trust me, it will be worth it.
Favorite Ramen noodle place!! Real Japanese style and flavor. Expect a wait but it's worth it!!
I work at a business where about 30% of the employees are japanese folks, and when I asked "Hey what's the deal with all these ramen places? I had ramen in college and it was not a thing I would like... go out to eat for." I was promptly  A) mocked, as is right and proper, and then B), informed I needed to go to Monta, order the tonkotsu shoyu ramen, and then report back.. . It was sort of a life changing experience.. . Pros:. - The ramen is soooo goood. I crave it now. Its silky and rich and somehow creamy and succulent and like everything chicken soup ever dreams of being, but it's got pork in it and....auuuhgh....want.. - The price is right. Two bowls of ramen, 2 asahi, about $20. That's a date night right there.. - Once you get a seat, service is fast, and all the servers are super nice.. - Menu had everything spelled out for a ramen-noob rather than making me guess.. . Cons:. - The wait to get seated can be kind of a bummer sometimes, but on a cool winter night, it almost just whets the appetite.. - The tonkotsu shoyu is so good I haven't had the heart to try anything new on the menu. I should probably rectify that.. . Overall:. I just convinced myself I need ramen for dinner.
Yummy is all I have too say!!! Down side, it's always packed... But once you get in and sit down, everything is snappy!!! Like a cook on crack!!!
I've had all types of ramen--and i still love this place.. . The broth is light yet filling and the noodles are fresh. It's worth the wait. Definitely get the tonkotsu broth and I always get extra meat, seaweed, and egg~. . Just keep in mind that its a tiny place, hard to find parking, and you'll be in line, depending on what time, for at least 30+ minutes
This tiny little hole in the wall, is oneof Vegas's best kept secrets! It's a absolute MUST, especially during the cooler months. They not only have bomb-ass ramen, but make one of the best kimchi fried rice!!!! Mmmmm yum yum yum! One of my top 5 restaurants in Vegas!
It's all about the pork belly. Doesn't matter if you get the ramen or the rice bowl. Get as much of that delicious, addictive pork belly as you can. While you sit at home, sloshing around to the realization that you ate way too much, the memories of the pork belly will come back, and suddenly you are blissfully at peace.
Got the Tonkotsu Ramen and the Pork Belly Bowl after looking at Yelp. Thank god I did. To reiterate a review I read, the pork belly was the highlight of the meal. I'm usually not the biggest fan of pork but this dish was insanely good. Salty, sweet, savory. It was absolutely delicious. . . Ramen was good, the broth was a little too salty for me. But the noodles were the perfect consistency and the pickled radish on the side was a good garnish. The meat was really tender with the noodles. . . Overall, wait was a little long but it's understood with the seating capacity, ramen was very good, but the PORK BELLY made this a 5 star for me. . . tl;dr: Get the Pork Belly. That's all.
BEST RAMEN EVERRRRRRRRRR. . get the Tonkotsu Ramen (the middle picture) with THICK noodles, it will not disappoint you. I love the chili oil to give that extra spice. I wish they open a monta in OC because there's none here that can compare. I make sure I make time for monta when I'm in town. Don't go in big groups because this place is so small!
Their tonkotsu ramen was really good. The broth was perfect; the pork was melt-in-your-mouth fatty.  It was so good, that before we ended our Vegas trip we returned again.  We tried the tonkotsu shoyu ramen and pork belly.  Both visits we ordered kimchee on the side and it was good too...not spicy, just refreshing enough to accompany the richness of the pork and broth.
Best noodles in Vegas! Eat here, you will not be disappointed.
I'm not sure what else I can add that won't echo the other 700+ reviews listed for Monta, but the legitimacy of the food here can be proven by the 30+ minute wait in the dead heat of a Vegas summer.. . Monta is tiny and maybe seats about 50 people-pretty sure the max occupancy sign inside the restaurant said 70, but they'd be pushing it. The service is quick and no frills but friendly. The menu is simple-there are four types of ramen and a variety of appetizers and alternative dishes like kimchi fried rice, gyoza, cold noodles and a pork belly bowl. Ramen comes with add ons like seasoned egg (SO GOOD), mustard greens, scallions, extra pork belly, corn and butter. . . The broths are rich and flavorful and it's hard for me to pinpoint a favorite, but if I had to pick the tonkotsu-shoyu would probably be it. The noodles have that perfect ramen texture-chewy and slurpy, in a good way!. . Because of the size of the space, it can be an intimate dining experience with complete strangers particularly if you sit at the bar. But it's also one of those places that solo dining isn't awkward and can actually be to your benefit when there is a line out the door.. . Monta is your spot for legit ramen with no pretense!
Love the noodles.  Best ramen I've had.  The pork belly is also excellent.  You can't really go wrong.  Yes, it is small and yes there will be a line, but it is worth it.
Amazing noodles!!! Love the miso ramen ... Added seaweed and flavored egg! Yum!  Order the pork belly bowl too!
Excellent!!! Small menu but perfect selection and very good prices!  . You almost always have to wait to be seated. Very small but worth the wait. . Once you sit...very quick and friendly service!  A must!!!
Delicious! I love ramen even when it's 105 F. Went around 12PM there was about at 10 minute wait. I didn't mind because I read reviews that there was always a line. Sat at the bar and watch the chefs prep and cook. They were extremely busy and it never slowed down. The broth was balanced and flavorful and noodles cooked perfectly. I will be back next time I am in Vegas! A must go if you're in the area!
What else can I say that hasn't been said yet? Yes, the wait is usually long. Yes, it is a small restaurant. And mostly yes, the amazing food makes up for all of that!!!!! . . First timers DO NOT be turned off by the first impression. It is worth it all I it!!!!!
Kinda stumbled into this place after a massage. Super packed when we walked in, but we were seated right away at the bar. Service was quick and prompt. Menu was small which allows you to make a quick choice. Husband and I both ordered fried rice. His was the Kimchi, mine was the T-something fried rice (with mustard greens, yum!). We both enjoyed our food very much and it came out pretty quick. I definitely recommend if you are looking for noodles...if you are low carb, there aren't many options for you. Wish we could have tried the Ramen, too. It looked delicious!
This is by far the best ramen I ever had in USA, must try if you are in Vegas!
Not sure what took me so long to try Monta but it was definitely worth the wait. I had the Tonkatsu ramen and kimchee fried rice....delicious Definitely one of the few gems in Las Vegas. Outstanding
I came here on a recent trip for a trade show and my friend suggested I come here to eat...it was only a 2 day tradeshow but I came both days for Lunch! I love the Chasu Pork Bowl & Pork Belly Bowl! Definitely a hidden treasure oasis in the desert!
Take my wallet and give me all your food!. . This is the best ramen restaurant I've ever been to. My favorite is the tonkotsu shoyu. Their fried rice is also extremely delicious. I repeat, EXTREMELY DELICIOUS. I could eat here every single day if I could!. . Trust me yelpers, it is worth it!
Fell in love with ramen after trying in LA. Tot we could try monta too. Man, it was yummilicious! Ordered tonkatzu broth n the charsiew is 1 of the best ever. Melts in the mouth. Try the fried rice! It was abit salty but it taste good n yummy. Been thinking of monta ramen all the time n ever since our first visit, we been back always when we visit vegas. Good for small group thou as the place isnt big. Must try!!
Amazing!  And I have to say some of the best pork I've ever had at a ramen restaurant.  It's unctuous and meltingly tender!. . So hubby and I are sort of ramen fanatics and have had ramen all over the ramen hot spots in the US- Ippudo and Totto Ramen in NYC; Daikokuya, Tsujita, Ramen Jinya, Santouka, Hakata Ramen, Mottainai in LA.. . And this place is probably the best ramen we've had, perhaps second to Totto ramen.  Their tonkotsu- shoyu ramen is awesome, I love the mix of the pork and chicken flavors.  They cook the noodles just right, and of course, the pork is to die for.  I also love how cheap the ramen is.  . . This place made me so happy after our 9 hour crazy traffic filled ride from LA!
This is THE Best place for ramen. Their cold noodle is amazing on a hot day/night. Definitely a must try. This place is small and horrible for large groups. The wait is always long. But worth it! If you come hungry,  you'll be starving by the time your get food. Guaranteed. Hmm maybe that's why its so good? The ramen broth is delicious, I know you can choose between a few, but you can't really go wrong with anything you order. As appetizers, the goyza is a nice touch, as well as the kimchi fried rice. I love how you can see into the kitchen from the dining area. Makes me feel just a bit better that my food is being cooked properly. I would like to give it a half star less for being such a small place, but I guess you can't blame them for being so popular. I hope they expand!
This is another go to lunch spot for us. Spring Mtn restaurants are close to his work so we frequent them every so often. This is one of our faves!!. . They open at 1130AM. But don't wait to come then get there before! There is always a line by 1115-1120 when I usually am nonchalantly rushing to the line in fear I'll miss my window of opportunity to enjoy my oh so fabulous bowl of noodles. It is small and fills up fast and they don't seat you unless your whole party is there which sends me into another panic until The boyfriend shows up and I can breathe again. Also they only seat singles at the bar heads up, no table for you, no room for your laptop, this is not a working lunch spot. In and out. Once you're done you'll feel the eyes stating at you till you leave with your head down feeling like you might have taken just a little too long to enjoy your grub. . . The service is always spot on and fast. Sometimes they ask if its ok sometimes not, I don't care though its always good! Sometimes being the first customers the wait for the food is sometimes sluggish with all the orders going in at once but I understand and gives us time to chat and admire the others. I always get my Ramen with corn and butter hold the shrooms. Yea I know they're not poisonous but these shrooms are just weird to me. The Boyfriend gets the Pork Belly Bowl and always shares generously, we'd have a fight on our hands if he didn't. This thing is to die for! Yummy baconey porky deliciousness! You won't regret it!
Delicious, simple ramon
This was recommended by a friend to try when we visited Las Vegas, and she did not steer us wrong. Best tasting broth (I had the Tonkotsu) and noodles ever!  And the pork slices just melted in your mouth.  Wow!  Delicious!!  What a memorable lunch.  Unless you don't  mind waiting, I would recommend not going at noon as we did because there was a line out the door to be seated. Once the crowd cleared out and we were seated, it didn't take much time to get our food.  We'll be back on our next visit!
If I live here, I would be so fat from eating tonkatsu ramen everyday.  Their tanaka fried rice was delicious!  The noodles was great, not over cooked.  The ingredients were great.  The service was courteous and prompt.  Their is usually a line, but well worth the wait.
Love this place. I was craving some ramen and decided to yelp a place. I am so glad I did. Not only was the broth yummy, the prices were reasonable.. . I got the miso ramen. Full of flavor and they have lots of noodles.. . My hubby got the pork belly bowl. He really enjoyed it. The pork flavor was spot on.. . We got an order of fried rice, that was ok. . . Overall good food, good service. The place is small, but I can look past it because it was so good!
I came here based on their rave Yelp reviews. . . I arrived their around 9pm on Friday. This place was so packed! I had to put my name down on a waiting list. While waiting, I checked out their menu. The menu is super simple and that's the way I like it, meaning whatever that's on the menu, must be good.. . I ordered Chicken broth ramen with BBQ pork. I asked for the thick wavy noodles instead of the thin ones. Although not a big fan of pork, their pork was very flavorful and melted in my mouth. Marinated egg's yolk was still soft in the middle. Amazing! . $6.95 bowl of perfection (egg extra $1.50). . I will be back to try out other dishes for sure. :) YUUUUMMMMM!
best ramen I've ever had.. Not too fatty or salty, just perfect
I love coming here, especially on a rainy day.. . It is very small and there is usually a wait, but eating here is such a quick process.  It won't be very long.. . We usually sit at the counter in which you can watch them prepare your food.  I am that white girl that asks for a fork. :( Lol.  The menu is very small, but delicious.  I usually get the Miso Ramen and kim chee fried rice.  The pork is so good, it melts in your mouth.  My mouth is watering as I write this!. . The staff is always welcoming & service is good.. . Only thing is I wish they had dessert.
Love love love this place! Add butter, green onions, and some spicy sesame oil to the Tonkatsu ramen....and Voila!
The best I've had outside of my home state of Hawaii. Ultra authentic, clean and delicious.
HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE RAMEN PLACE IN VEGAS!. . I keep coming back for either the Pork Belly bowls or the Tonksu Shoyu! The taste and flavor always amazes me, I've tried soo many other ramen places but this one takes the cake! And adding extra sides is not the bad on price!
Oh so good. If you can grab a table or chair at the bar, then eat here. It's a small ramen restaurant, like the ones you find in Japan. The noodles and broth are excellent. If you only get 1 bowl of ramen, choose one with pork broth. It is way better than the light-tasting chicken broth. This is a great off-the-strip lunch and worth the drive. Get in the know and hit up this place!
This is what Tonkatsu Ramen is all about. We got here about 20 minutes before opening and got in line. We ended up with primo spots at the bar. I've been on a kick looking for the best Ramen I can find. I'll continue looking for even better Ramen. I'm off to another place tonight. However, at this point, I have yet to find anything this good.. The pork and egg were perfect. I'd like to see the egg marinated a little. The broth nearly perfect. The noodles truly excellent. I can see why there is a line here.. . Broth - A-. Noodles - A-. Egg - A-. Pork - A. Additions - B
I am a HUGE RAMEN LOVER!. . Living in Honolulu, we have really good Ramen restaurants here and after visiting New York City last year, my Ramen standards are a lot higher and whenever I'm in another city I always make it a point to have my Ramen fix. Last March I visited Ramen Sora and it was good but I think Ramen Monta beats it by far!. . After a day of shopping at all the trader Joe's with my girlfriend Mochi we decided to have lunch at Ramen Monta because she knew how much I love my Ramen and it was a bit cold that day. The wait wasn't quit as long as she thought it would be because we beat the lunchtime rush so we were seated within a few minutes. . . I got their new spicy Ramen and my girlfriend ordered the regular tonkatsu Ramen, we also ordered a side of the menchenko eggs with rice. The quality of noodle is good, very thin and soft and the broth is like buttery, not to salty, not to oily and so smooth and soothing. I think the broth is what makes a good quality Ramen. The price is also just right because for all 3 items I paid about $20 not including tip. Workers are very sweet and the food comes out quick...Be sure to go early because as we were eating and it got more towards lunch time, the line started forming.. . I was raving about this place so much to my boyfriend who didn't come with us because he was sleeping back in the hotel room, so suxx for him. I will be sure to hit this place back up on the next Vegas trip.
I'm writing this review from Oakland, Ca. I was living in Las Vegas a few years back and I remember eating here. The ramen was so delicious. I still think about it. Here in the San Francisco Bay Area I have yet to find as good a ramen, even though there's a Japantown in SF. I am constantly disappointed.  The only other ramen that compares is in Torrance, Ca. I heard about on in Berkeley,  but it's $16 a bowl. I miss your ramen. :(
So glad my Partner For Good Times had to experience this quality ramen here after being disappointed going the the Ramen Fest and not having ramen because of the long line just for the food ticket to get the ramen.  Forget that! . Considering this would be my PFGT's experience with quality ramen, I punched in best ramen on Google and Monta came up.  Typical ramen shop.  Small and yet comfortable.  Just after lunch but was still 90% full but sat almost immediately in the corner table. Perfect.  I ordered Asahi, gyoza, Tonkutsu Shoyu Ramen for me and Miso Ramen for her.  Gyoza came out first and that was decent gyoza.  Ramen came in about 10 minutes.  The smell was outrageous but that first taste before I added the 3 pepper blend was insane!  I told my PFGT, "This is Ramen!" Her Miso Ramen was just as good.  Needless to say, down to the last slurp of the broth, I would definitely go back!  Prices are fantastic!
What do I like about this place....everything
Fantastic ramen joint only a mile from the strip. Small (don't bring more than 4 people) and authentic.. . Pork belly bowl and kimchi fried rice are great to share and the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen is comparable with the best around the country. Go with the Shoyu if you want a lighter broth.. . Tip: Very hard to get a cab back to the strip during busy times.
Best ramen in Vegas. The broth is flavorful and the sides are great as well. If you're not in the mood for hot noodles, give the cold noodles with the yuzu dipping sauce a try. I'm always amazed by how cheap our bill is with everything we order!
Monta ramen!! Yes. Definitely a ramen spot to be addicted too. The pork belly bowl really hits the spot and the ramen ain't too bad either. I'd definitely go back. If you're one of the ramen fans out there. I'd suggest to give this a try. Good eats here :)
So far the best ramen I've tasted in las Vegas.  Shoyu-tonk ramen is my favorite.  I've tried all four broth flavors and I always order the shoyu-tonk.  The fried rice is good too.
You can't beat their quality, taste, and price! This is a MUST go to place for my husband and I whenever we go to Vegas. We will gladly pay the 30 can fare to get here. The pork belly literally melts in your mouth! So good!! Can't wait to go back!!!
Hey Monta, you make some good Ramen, just saying.. . It took me some time to finally try this place. For one, I didn't know of its existence until after it was open for some time, and I had a hard time finding it. It is inside of a plaza where I had a hard time locating it, but you just have to make sure you make the turn into the plaza or the little street next to the plaza.. . My friends that have tried Monta beforehand liked it enough where I had some expectations for this place. It didn't have to be rated G-A-F, but it had to be tasty. The first time I came, I just got a bowl of their tonkatsu ramen and I must say, I was one happy guy afterwards. The noodles were pretty good, their egg made me happy, their pork melted in my mouth, but the broth is what impressed me. The broth was probably my favorite part about the meal. Needless to say, I finished the whole bowl, soup and all! I was really happy. . . The next few times I came, I started customizing and ordering different things on the menu. I added more noodles the next few times, got some of their fried rice, gyoza, added some corn to my soup, just customizing things to the point where I was happy! Their fried rice was pretty tasty. The kimchi fried rice may not be for everyone, because unless you like kimchi, you may not like it. Adding various things to your ramen makes it takes a lot better and funner to eat since it has more color and just the feeling of being able to customize your food just makes it that much better. . . If you want to try some ramen and you're in the area, I highly recommend Monta. The only downside is that the restaurant is fairly small and during peak hours, you should expect a wait. People get turned away from places that have waits, but if you think about it, why do they have waits? It is small, but people keep going back because the food is delicious, it's as simple as that.
Tonkatsu, Shoyu, Oh MY!  There is genuine reason why people line up on a daily basis before Monta opens. This restaurant is incredible. The food is sublime in its simplicity and authenticity. Ramen is such a wonderful and satisfying dish that when it is executed with the depth of flavor and consistency of Monta, it is something to celebrated.. . Their Tonkatsu Ramen is absolutely incredible with regards to the depth of flavor and the value. Their ingredients taste fresh and appear to be well handled. It is very easy to go overboard with the additions of hard boiled egg, kim-chee, and more pork. The complimentary pickled ginger is so delicious. I know it is made in-house, I wish I could buy it and take it home!
While visiting Las Vegas I was doing research on Ramen restaurants on yelp and kept reading about everyone who had a positive and delicious experience at Monta Ramen.  Today I made the trip with my brother.  We got here about 10 minutes after they opened and found the last remaining table.  The place was already packed.  After looking at the menu I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen which is a rich pork broth with two slices of melt in your mouth pork with wood-ear mushrooms and scallions.  I added the Nitamago which is a seasoned hard-boiled egg.  This meal did not disappoint.  It came to the table within 10 minutes and was a great looking bowl of ramen.  Very savory and fresh.  We also had the Gyoza  which is a pan-fried pork and vegetable dumpling.  My brother ordered the Takana pork-fried rice.  This rice was a nice addition to our ramen bowls.  . . Just a note:  As our ramen bowls were delivered I looked up and noticed that Monta Ramen must have a lot of fans because the little doorway was filled with people waiting to eat but the line also went out the door.   Knowing what I do now about how delicious this ramen is I would have gladly waited outside for my turn to enjoy this bowl. . . Monta Ramen will definitely be on my list to visit the next time I come to Las Vegas.  Can't wait to bring my wife here.  Very affordable.  I recommend.
Yummy! Ramen noodles! The broth is sup@ delicious. If you like Minchin, the have an awesome dish of Kmchi fried rice!. If you have small children they welcome the challenge to win them over with their house specialties. Ask the wait svc for the winning dishes...some clippings of news articles are hung up by the door which also informs you of what's good!. One important tip...if you see that it's packed you must go to the podium and sign in. . And FYI it is a very quaint place (small) Seats are limited. And prepare to be face down in a bowl of Something Wonderful!
I miss you sooooo much Monta.  The ramen here in Florida is like well...terrible.  I would do just about anything to sip your broth, slurp your noodles, the pork, the egg, the everything.....me sad.
Awesome little ramen bar. Super quick clean and authentic. Amazing flavors. Will return soon and often.
I love me some ramen!. . Put this on the favorite, and must eat at spots while in Vegas.  The place is small, so don't come in a group larger than 4.  Upon coming in, put your name on the clipboard and expect to wait, but well worth it!. . Santouka (LA), Ippudo (NYC), Umaido (ATL) are my other favorites, and each one is different and good in their own way.. . Be sure to add extra pork, egg, and butter!  Gyoza was delish as well!
I live  on the east coast and have been looking for an authentic ramen house to no avail. Until last night!! We sat at the bar and drooled the whole five minutes it took to get our bowl of heaven. I wish I lived here just for the ramen. Its not fair. Why can't I find one close to home!!!!????
Just gotta say, my favorite ramen place in town!  Always the miso ramen but I have tried all their other stuff and I have not any complains
This small, bustling hole in the wall is serving up some of the best meals under $10 in Vegas. . . There's only a handful of small tables here and limited bar seating, there is almost always a queue. It's well worth the usually short wait time.. . The kitchen with steaming cauldrons and busy cooks can be seen over the bar and creates a fun atmosphere. . . The menu is straightforward and uncomplicated. I love the simplicity.. . The gyoza are crispy and delicious, the ramen is always cooked perfectly, the chashu pork is tender. They have some killer sides and rice bowls.. . Everything is reasonably priced.. . The pork belly rice bowl is phenomenal. The meat is slow braised into buttery, tender melt in your mouth goodness.. . The waitresses are friendly and accommodating,  especially considering how busy this place is. . . They could probably use a larger space with more tables to eliminate the wait times, but the small space is part of the charm. Enjoy it.
Their ramen and fried rice are yummy! Price are reasonable! I love coming here whenever I'm at Vegas!
We LOVE this place.  My new favorite is miso ramen with a side of the "spicy" paste.  It comes very close to the chili pepper ramen I used to have all the time in Narita.  Gyoza are done perfectly! It's worth the wait!
Came to Vegas for vacation and my friend kept telling me that I must try this place out.  I am from out of town so I cant really tell you where this place is at since I took a taxi but it seems like the Chinatown of Vegas.  It seems to be sorta hidden in the back of the shopping center but just look for the white sign.. . Got here around 12pm and there was a slight wait (nothing compared the wait when we were leaving).  Sat down and the friendly waitress took my order: Shoyu Ramen with corn and also the small fried rice (my friend said i had to get it no matter what) and yes I know thats a lot of carbs.. . Shoyu Ramen:  my ramen came out with extra chasu and with no corn.  the waitress quickly realized this and immediatly gave me some corn on the side and didnt charge me for the extra chasu (kudos to her to rectify the situation).  The broth was very good and not overly salty.  I consider this one of the better ramens that I have eaten.  But the thing that stood out the most to me are the noodles.  Wow! This has got to be one of the best noodles ive eaten at any ramen joint and I have been to many in NY, CA and Hawaii.  Many places forsake the noodles and focus too much on the broth and chasu but very very good noodles.. . Fried Rice: this was the dish my friend kept raving about and keep telling me to order.  I am not a huge fried rice person but it was pretty darn good! I devoured it within minutes of it coming out and didnt even leave a spec for my friend.. . Very good place I will definitely come again when I go to Vegas.
My first authentic Japanese ramen! SO happy we made the decision to visit on our trip to Vegas. Place was packed (and it's a tiny place) but we were seated quickly. You can tell the place is good because all the locals are eating here. We ordered gyoza and the miso ramen - both DELICIOUS. Service was awesome. I don't have enough good things to say about it, just don't let the small space deter you.
The cure for a Las Vegas hangover is ramen. And with all the raves and reviews Monta Ramen was worth a visit. Upon arriving, there was already a crowd outside (it opens at 11:30). Luckily, the bar had two open seats for my friend and I.. . Thinking with our appetites, we began the order:. . 2 Tonkotsu Ramen (this is what they're known for). 1 Gyoza (it's gyoza and I was hungover, so give me a break). 1 Kimchi fried rice (once again, we were hungover!). . After taking the last bite and having to unbutton my pants, I looked at my friend and gave him the approving nod, which summed up our experience.
I was looking for some good eats in Vegas and Dru C recommended this place. THANK YOU DRU C!!!!!!!!. . This was some amazingly delicious ramen!!! We had a short wait (party of 2), and I got to sit next to this sweet lady who eats there several times a week at the counter. If I remember correctly, I think they have purse hooks under the counter. =). . We got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with thick wavy noodles and Kumo Ramen. The pork just melts in your mouth!!! I LOVED the thick wavy noodles. They had a really great texture. The Kumo Ramen was just some garlicy goodness. YUMMMMM!!!. . What a great first meal in Vegas =)
Yum!!! . . Very Small place!. Expect an hour + wait, but definitely worth it.. . Pork Belly Bowl - Pork Belly over Rice. The belly was so omg drool. It like melts in your mouth and just has the right perfect amount of seasoning. =D. . Ramen: FYI get extra chashu. You will not be disappointed! The meat is like a fluffy cloud pillow floating on your tongue til it melts down and it is just bomb dot com. . Spicy Tonkotsu - Spicy sauce. The broth was very good and flavorful. Spicy wasn't as spicy as I wanted it to be but it did give it a good flavor.. . Kurobuta Ramen (black garlic oil) - Saltier I would say, it was still good. the broth was very flavorful, but I felt like it wasnt as garlicy enough, so I added some garlic and it was pretty good. . . Overall: Definitely would coem back. SOo good. I want more Chashu.~!!
Best ramen in vegas, hands down, don't care what ppl say, i always recommend this place, especially after a bad hangover from the night before.. . I always order the same thing:. . Gyoza = perfectly cooked add a little soy sauce w/ chili oil and its a perfect match. . Tonkotsu-shoyu ramen and add an egg and nori and it could not be any better. Service is always friendly, and wait is never too long usually. worth the wait if you have to wait though. Not a good place for parties of more than 4, more of a place for 2 ppl so you can do the bar if need be. . . Best thing is food always comes out quick and never disappointed. Small place, when you are inside you don't feel like your in vegas at all. And that is a great feeling, especially for someone who has been here for 8 years already.
It's been way too long! They've finally added a spicy tonkotsu, which is super bomb!
OMG! The Ramen here was fantastic! I went on Saturday Night around 5:20 and it was very packed! It's a little spot, so its very cramped.. but the wait was so worth it. I ordered the Gyoza, which was delicious and I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen which was absolutely phenomenal! I would recommend this place to any and everyone and I plan to return soon! Best Ramen that I have ever had!
Coming from Japan, I can attest to the authenticity of the ramen served here.  The flavor of the soup was so rich and delicious, it was truly a treat to get to eat here.  Probably one of the best ramen I've ever ate!
