I love Mesa Grill, and it's really just as simple as that. . . Every time I go to Vegas I will end up here one way or another. My last visit to Vegas I ended up only at the bar as I forgot to make reservations so my boyfriend and I just came for mojitos. Yes, just mojitos. And you know what, they're worth the $14 a piece for them.. . So over the years this place has progressively increased their prices which sucks, but the quality of food has always been top-notch. Plus, it's rare that I have good Tex-Mex cuisine. What I get is always California washed out Mexican food. This is a fantastic change while keeping the integrity of so many familiar ingredients.. . My favorite appetizers are a tie between the goat cheese queso fondidu and the the blue corn pancake with BBQed duck. Now, many years ago the queso fondidu used to be melted goatcheese with a poblano salsa which I actually preferred over the rajas they serve with it now. That's just my personal preference though, but I still really like it a lot. With the blue corn pancake I've had inconsistencies with the amount of duck, and how they've plated it. Mixed in --- or sliced on top --- I'm assuming maybe it was just the quality of the duck, or from where they got the meat from. Breasts slice nicely, so that goes on top. Thigh not so much, so that get mixed in? Ok. Still good. I love duck in any way, so no complaints on my end taste-wise.. . From the most current menu, I'd have to say the pan roasted venison is my favorite and a close second would be the New Mexico spiced pork tenderloi. I've never ordered the 16 spice chicken however I've had it a couple of times over the years from picking off of other people's plates and the chicken has always been consistently good and never dry. . . There used to be a spiced steak on the menu a long time ago and I wish they'd bring that back. :( The last two times I haven't ordered a steak so I don't know if any of the new steaks even compare. The ribeye looked fantastic, maybe next time I will order that. . . I'm sure next time I'm in Vegas I'll be back again, like I always am, even if it's just for a mojito. I love Mesa Grill.
We've been to Mesa twice in the last year and were impressed both times.  The creativity of flavors, the excellent execution, and the service was great.  Mesa is located just off the casino floor of Caesar's and provides a good, but not great ambiance.. . The flip side however is the feel is business casual versus formal, which is great for a Vegas trip where you don't want something too high brow.  Expect a full house, with plenty of noise.. . The food is delicious.  We had the queso fundido, the chile relleno, a couple of sides, and a dessert I cannot recall the last time we went.  Everything was cleaned off the plate.. . We felt the price was also very reasonable, relative to Vegas pricing.  Overall - for a great Mexican restaurant that will impress - we highly recommend.. . PS - don't expect to see Bobby.  I hear he doesn't make it here too often.
This place is pretty much awesome. Its pricey though  we went for Christmas dinner, so it fit the occasion. Then again its also a bobby flay restaurant.. We tried their house special prickly pear and white peach margaritas, uniquely delicious and strong. We were then sent a chipotle beef tar tar on a small corn tortillas courtesy of the chef. This was fresh and a sign of things to come.. We skipped appetizers as well as most of the al la carte sides due to the large portions. I ordered the pork chop special that was easily 2.5" thick, moist and juicy. My family had the Ny strip, ribeye and filet, each was perfectly cooked with just enough seasoning to give it some flair while honoring its meaty goodness. We also had the tuna, which i didn't try, but heard was good and the cioppiono, which was a deceivingly huge portion of fish, scallop and shrimp.. Add to this great service and you have a must try place.
Love this place!  Been here three times and each time was awesome.
I went here not getting my hopes up too much.  You know, with all the Bobby Flay hype out there.  I went away truly happy.  Not only were the steaks crazy good, but each and every appetizer was perfect (yeah, we had a bunch of them).  The best part, we went with a Chef-friend who did all the ordering (except for the entrees), and I got to try a little bit of everything.  YUM!!  Great, now I'm hungry again.
I had the Spicy Chicken and Sweet potato hash and it was OUTSTANDING. The side of hominy grits were delicious. we got a wonderful treat of a basket of assorted breads/cakes/muffins as well. Very decent prices and I forced myself to finish every morsel and was stuffed! Very nice waiter, very polite and knowledgeable about the menu. Gave terrific recommendations. Yay Bobby Flay!
The margaritas are very good although presentation could be better.  We shared the tuna nachos as an appetizer and it was very good.  I had the new mexican spiced rubbed pork tenderloin and highly recommend it, extremely rich and flavorful!  My girlfriend had the roasted "hacked" chicken and it was also excellent.  As a side we both recommend the roasted corn with grilled cactus, lime and cotija, it stole the show!  In my opinion the greatest side dishes ever!!  Phenomenal food Bobby!  I will be eating here again!
My very first Bobby Flay experience!  And I was impressed.  Started out with the chicken quesadilla which was NOT your ordinary chicken quesadilla.  It was topped with a some sort of crumbled cheese I didn't know and drizzled with a spicy sauce that gave it a nice kick.  I got the pork tenderloins which was the best pork dish I've ever had (see photos posted by others).  I didn't even know pork could be that tender.  My husband had the salmon dish which was pretty good but I've had better salmon dishes before.  Not a cheap place but definitely worth your money and actually not that expensive considering it's located in the Caesar's Palace on the Las Vegas strip.  Definitely worth a try!!!
2nd time dining here. This place kicks a$$. The chicken tacos with peanut sauce and the duck pancake are amazing. Just a really great meal at a very reasonable price. Great margaritas too :)
You know you've had a great meal when, two nights later, you're raiding the hotel mini bar for the rest of your steak, eating it in the dark, with your bare hands, trying not to wake up your partner because, well, (1) it's 3:00 a.m., and (2) if he knows what you're up to, he may want to share, and sharing is definitely not on the menu.  Is that blood dripping down my chin?. . I love Bobby Flay.  I have naughty, naughty dreams about the man that simply are not discussed in any detail outside my therapist's office.  Though my suggestion to The Bud that we consider making reservations there came off as totally casual, devil-may-care, my insides were screaming, "Please, if you love me, you will take me here!". . We only visited once this trip, but it was our third visit to the restaurant, and it was completely perfect in every way.  Atmosphere is fiery, service attentive, food is creative, and unique.  The white peach margarita was delicious and boozy.  The sweet potato soup was beautifully spiced.  The NY strip steak was perfectly medium rare.  And huge.  And served with a house made steak sauce that made me whimper a little.  As mentioned above, I had to take half of it with me to be, um, devoured later, in the dark.  What?  Shut up.  Just go here already.  And if you see Bobby Flay, do me a favor and don't tell me.  I couldn't handle it.
5 stars goes to Mesa for the service and the chipotle glazed rib eye. w/red & green chile sauce. I went to Vegas with a large group (25). For a bachelor party. One of my friends was ranting and raving about the rib eye he had at Mesa the night before. He told me I had to try it before I left Vegas. That he would go back two days in a row to order it again. So we went that day for lunch. But to our disappointment the rib eye was not on the lunch menu.  He talked to the manager and was able to convince her to get the chef to make the rib eye. This is one of the best steaks I have had. It is in my top three. What really sets it apart from the rest is the sauce.  The red & green chile sauce is the perfect complement to the rib eye.
We showed up here for a late brunch around 2pm on Sunday.  . After a long, hard night of drinking the night before, we had some hair of the dog in the form of a spicy Bloody Mary & a cucumber-strawberry cocktail.  Both drinks were well-loved and lightened the mood.. . The service was very friendly & the food was excellent.  You must try the Tiger Shrimp (the tamale it comes with is divine).  The grits are possibly the best thing on the menu.  Despite how pedestrian grits may sound, their texture is perfect and they are mixed with some delicious cheese.  UMAMI!  Order them.. . One bone to pick with the place:  they don't like to make substitutions because of the way they run their kitchen.  I was able to get the poached eggs w/ green chile hollandaise a la carte, but the waiter told us that it's a rarity for them to do so.. . I would absolutely come back, but it might be for brunch again since it's so much cheaper than the dinner menu.
WOW! What amazing food. The service was great and I was overfed with appetizers and brunch. The design is interesting and I discovered I only took photos of the bathroom, so think about that. lol. The complimentary breads were a nice touch and didn't taste like anything I had had before. I could care less about it being a Bobby Flay restaurant though, because that just jerks up the price to an unreasonable amount just for him being a celebrity... I mean, when your server first walks up to you and asks "You know who Bobby Flay is, right?" without saying hello, you need to sort your priorities...
I think this is more a place serving southwestern food rather than Tex-Mex!. . Atmosphere is casual but very nice, food is great.  Service is good as the wait staff checked on us quite often.. . The prix fixe menu offers great value: huge serving size, great appetizer and sandwich!. . Don't forget the dessert!
After thinking about the good food from Mesa Grill for a month, I finally had a chance to go back to Las Vegas.  Needless to say, I opted for Mesa Grill again.  . . Again, we were there for lunch so we can avoid the crowd and the wait.  We were promptly seated and our waiter, John, even offered to snap a few pictures inside the kitchen for us.  That was really nice of him since we were very interested in what is like behind the scenes.. . My wife ordered the Honey Glazed Salmon again and it was even better than the first time.  I went for the prix fixe menu items and ordered the corn tamale and the pork tenderloin sandwich.   The corn tamale is still my favor and the pork tenderloin sandwich is very unique. . . Tips:. - For lunch, there's always the prix fixe menu.  You'll get to choose one of five appetizers and one of three entrees, plus dessert!  This will save you a bit of money.. . - The pork tenderloin sandwich is meant to be a room temperature sandwich, so if you like hot sandwiches, this is NOT what you want to order.
My fiance and I went for Sunday brunch and had a fabulous meal. We both loved our salmon quesadilla appetizer. My fiance had the chilequiles while I had the chicken & sweet potato hash (think southwestern eggs Benedict). They were ab-fab, as were the glazed bacon and chorizo we ordered as sides; the bacon, in particular is insanely delicious. . . The restaurant was smaller than expected, but the decor is lovely. Our seats afforded us a view of the open kitchen as well as the casino floor, so we could people watch as well as watch food being prepared. . . Please note, if you are looking for Taco Bell, On the Border, etc. look elsewhere, that isn't the kind of food served here.
OMFG bobby flay i love you!!! . . came here on the recommendations from stella c. and my friend. why haven't i ever explored you until now?!!. . the best thing on the menu is the blue tiger shrimp corn tamale. so juicy, flavorful, creamy, savory, and fabulous. like i seriously dream about this and i crave it at least once a week. i need to learn how to make this! . . the bread basket is BOMB.COM! damn it i wish i bought his mesa grill cook book...i think i will order soon.. . skip the fries and smoked shrimp tacos. get the salmon! omg the jalapeno cream sauce is to die for.. . my bf spent $100 for the both of us for lunch including tip no dessert. trust me worth every penny.. . out of the 10+ times ive been to vegas, this has been my best meal. this will be a must stop place for me from now on.
When I see a place that signed onto the whole celebrity chef thing, my "overrated!" alarm goes off -- especially when said celebrity chef is that arrogant Bobby Flay.. . When a restaurant wants a credit card number to hold a reservation, I'm thinking arrogance again.  (Or that a hostess wants to go shopping).. . Then, of course, restaurants in casinos bring up another level of concern -- that their business model relies more on traveling salesmen's expense accounts rather than establishing themselves with a reputation for quality food and service.. . With above suspicions in mind, I booked us for Sat brunch, as I wasn't about to use up a valuable Saturday Vegas Dinnertime with a place I suspected I was going to hate.. . All suspicions were immediately put to rest.. . We were quickly seated and paired up with a very helpful waiter who was genuinely enthusiastic about what was on the menu.  And then, nobly atop the beer list:  Aventinus Doppelbock.  I was in a good mood.. . Then the food: a beautiful combination of sweet, spicy, hearty, and pretty, in particular,  the corn & shrimp tamale -- outstanding!  . . In other words, next time in Vegas, I do intend to give up  -- nay, enjoy! -- a valuable Saturday Dinnertime there.
Another spot worthy of 5 stars, Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is still my favorite restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip.  The BBQ Steak is the best steak I've ever had out.  Their chocolate martini's lemon drops and dirty martini's also are some of the best.  The ambiance is great for people watching especially after a show lets out (It's very near the theater at Caesars That Celine Dion held down for a while).. . If you have some extra money when in Vegas make this your stop, forget the buffets!
Typical Bobby Flay - always having to offer the best food and making so many other great restaurants seem like Apple Bee's.. . Mesa Grill was very well put together and a lunch I will never forget!. . Our table loved the corn muffin in the bread basket.  Devoured that completely.  We each shared a bit of our own plate.. . 1.  Sweet Potato soup - creamy, sweet, with a kick of spice. 2.  Shrimp tamale - shrimp was cooked perfectly; very tender; sauce was smooth and paired well with the dish. 3.  Honey Glazed salmon - ordered it medium; also tender, flaky and soft, greens melted in my mouth. 4.  Corn crusted Chile Relleno - absolutely phenomenal!  Crunchy outside, creamy and flavorful inside.  Kicks in a bit of spice, too!. 5.  Burger - It was good, pretty juicy. 6.  Pork sandwhich - I don't know what they put in this but it was great!. 7.  Dessert - buttermilk spice upside down cake, sweet, warm, soft, incredibly well spiced.  Mouth watering just thinking of it.  . . I would definitely go back again.  And if you are considering lunch or dinner there, expect to pay a pocket full of change.  You really do get what you pay for... great food at a great cost.
Oh Bobby, I know you probably don't make it out here a lot, and I know it's likely just an extension you of shilling stuff with your name on it, but damn this is a stellar place. As much as it pains me to admit it, this place is on point.. . Decor is cool, drinks were awesome, prices were actually pretty reasonable considering the location. . . And that lamb.. . Man, the lamb porterhouse I had was completely out of this world. I don't know if the kitchen was just really "on" that night, but I've taken drugs that were less euphoric than the experience of consuming this lamb. . . Out waiter was clever, knew the menu, the food, the philosophy, had a "I've been doing this for a while but still totally love it" vibe about him and generally added that last star to put us over the hump. . . There's a lot of big name restaurants vying for your company credit card in Vegas. There's either another (former) Iron Chef (don't get me started on the former part) with a big money place also begging for that coin. I would consider it a mistake to not stop at Mesa during a trip out here. Not a tragedy, but something that you will regret.
We went here a couple of days ago for our 11th anniversary. We had planned to go last year for our anniversary but had to cancel as my wife was found out she had to have surgery and wasn't supposed to eat red meat in the meantime. Now that she's all better, we decided to give it a try this year.. . I ordered a Mesa margarita, and my wife ordered a prickly pear margarita. Both were very good. I liked the taste of mine a little better, but the prickly pear was prettier. It had a pretty magenta color.. . While we were waiting for our appetizer, we were given a bread basket with three types of bread: corn bread muffin, jalapeno bread, and a nut bread. They were all very good. The corn bread was half regular corn and half blue corn which gave it an appealing appearance. My favorite was the jalapeno bread. It had a nice consistent flavoring of jalapeno without being overwhelming.. . For appetizer we split the tiger shrimp tamale. The shrimp was perfectly cooked. It was like a deconstructed tamale. The shrimp was laid on top of the cornmeal. The sauce was very flavorful, and the dish was well-balanced.. . For our entrees we had the pork tenderloin and the veal chop. The pork tenderloin was perfectly cooked and tender. The sauce wasn't quite as flavorful as I had hoped for, but it was still delicious.. . The veal chop was also perfectly cooked and tender. The seasoning was spot on.. . Both entrees were served with a cornmeal tamale thingy that was presented like a baked potato. It was very good and was an interesting presentation. . . For our side, we split the Brussels sprouts with pomegranate seeds and pecans. It was an interesting mix of flavors and colors. I never would have thought of combining Brussels sprouts and pomegranate seeds, but it definitely worked.. . We took half of our meals to go and were too stuffed to order dessert, though there were definitely some appealing selections on the dessert menu. Maybe next time.. . While we were waiting for our entree my wife asked if there was a celebrity behind her. I thought that was an odd question and asked her why she asked. We were sitting near the kitchen and she said all of the kitchen workers were looking at someone behind her. I glanced over and saw Tyra Banks sitting a few tables over. Apparently she was at Caesar's for Celine Dion's rehearsal show as we later saw her in line to get into the show.. . The service was a little slow, and even though we got there before the evening rush, we had a lengthy wait between our appetizer and our main course. Because of this, I'd give Mesa 4.5 stars. As we can't pick half stars, I'm gonna round-up and pick 5 stars.
I've been to Mesa Grill both in Vegas and New York and have had a superb dining experience every single time.  A few tips for those looking to dine here in Vegas:. . -Make a reservation.  This is not tex-mex a la Chili's Bar and Grill, people.  I'm continually shocked witnessing middle america meander to the host station in their sweat pants and t-shirts looking for a table at 7:30 on a Saturday night.  Not gonna happen.. -BBQ Duck Blue Corn Pancake: go on, try it!  Didn't try this until my 5th trip here and I won't be passing it up from now on.. -Cactus Pear Margarita: it is worth its' $16 price tag
So this place is expensive but, in this instance, you get what you pay for.. . Really with a name like Bobby Flay backing the place, you have high expectations. The burger I had was spectacular. Cooked just right and the grilled Vidalia onions added a special sweetness.. . I had a taste of the salmon and it was great! (I do not like fish). . My favorite part was the bread basket they delivered. The jalapeno bread was by far my favorite but the corn bread muffin held its own. Have a special occasion or a little extra money burning a hole in your pocket? Go here.. . Better yet, take some of that money you would be wasting in the casino and get yourself something good.
I went here with a bunch of restaurant folks - typically, not an easy crowd to please. . . In my opinion, Bobby Flay nailed it with the Pork Tenderloin and Duck Pancakes. The sweet BBQ and subtle but powerful heat to the sauce was fantastic on the perfectly cooked pork tenderloin - all went nicely with an ice cold margarita. The Tequila list was long and full of great options. . . Service was very good.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place as many times as I've been here. Had a hard time deciding between 4 and 5 stars, Mainly because the appetizers, salad, and sides are all 5 star but the entrees I've had are 4. I usually get a salad, app, and a side or two. I end up here on most of my Vegas trips and it is one of my favorite spots. You need reservations as it is always booked. I've snuck in and eaten at the bar a couple times but there is usually a wait for that.. I LOVE the Sophie's salad and get it every time. For me it is the perfect salad, with baby romaine, garbanzos, kidneys, sharp white cheddar cubes, tiny toritlla pieces, kalamatas, cilantro, fresh chives and the dressing is a sweetish balsamic. Love the tuna nachos and the tamale side, but all the apps and sides are perfect. The specialty margaritas and mojoitos are ok but I like to get the beer.
I was extremely excited to try Mesa Grill during my recent trip to Las Vegas and I must say I was NOT disappointed. The iron chef blew my mind! . . My boyfriend and I made lunch reservations and we were promptly seated even though we got there about fifteen minutes early. The service continued to be wonderful. We were being very clumsy that day - I accidentally spilled my glass of water and my boyfriend dropped his knife on the floor and each time they ran over and replaced the things we needed. I kept apologizing for spilling but the waiter was very nice and told me not to worry about it. . .  Both of us decided to order from the prix fixe menu, since that would give us the most bang for our buck (three courses for $30). My boyfriend ordered the sweet potato soup topped with smoked chiles, maple crema, and marcona almonds for his appetizer and the spiced pork tenderloin sandwich for his entree. I had the tiger shrimp, roasted garlic, corn tamale with cilantro sauce for my appetizer. I have always lived in places that have given me the best access to fresh seafood, but this was seriously the best shrimp I have ever had in my life! Then I had the pan seared wild striped bass with roasted yellow pepper grits and yellow pepper romesco. All the flavors were so complex. There were so many sauces - spicy, sweet, salty, creamy - it really made the food exciting! We topped it all off with vanilla bean panna cotta with macerated berries. They let the berries soak in grand marnier for two days. YUM! . . We were so stuffed by the end that we practically had to roll out of the restaurant, but the deal was so good that we could not resist (plus we did not need to spend money for dinner that night). Definitely eat here! You will not be disappointed!
A must-eat-at restaurant. My husband and I wanted to eat at a big name chef's restaurant this trip and had already tried Emeril's Fish House (also wonderful). After becoming addicted to the Food Network's competition shows I was excited to eat at a Bobby Flay restaurant - and Caesar's is always fun to walk through.. . We had 10:45 a.m. reservations for the Saturday brunch - it's our lunch hour our in our home time zone! We each ordered an appetizer. The Tiger Shrimp and Corn Tamale is worth writing home about - amazing flavors in this unconventional tamale. Also tried the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido as the suggestion of the waiter - another home run. I was in the mood for a burger so I got the Mesa Burger - very good, the grilled Vidalia onions were the secret to the taste for me. The fries were not as good as I had hoped, but by that point I was so full that was fine. My husband ordered off the specials - a six shrimp / two tortilla taco plate served with three sauces - a guacamole spread, mango puree and green tomatillo. We both liked the mango the best. The guacamole was great on the burger.. . This visit to Mesa Grill reinforced why Bobby Flay get's the accolades he gets - you must eat here.
I've wanted to dine here for so long and finally had a chance to few weeks ago.  . . We started with the tiger shrimp & roasted garlic corn tamale.  It was one of the best tamale I've ever had, and the sauce was just fantastic.  I've seen Bobby make tamale on Iron Chef dozen of times and finally had the chance to taste it myself.  Now I see why the judges always go "wow" when they eat the tamale.. . For entree, I had the bone in chipotle glazed rib-eye, medium rare.  It was cooked perfectly to medium rare THROUGH OUT the whole steak.  There are so many steakhouses that can't cook bone in steaks right.  I am never a fan of steaks with sauces, but the red & green chile sauce was really good.  I also got to taste my fiancee's NY strip steak which was done perfectly as well.. . The service was great, the waiter was attentive, and the sommelier was willing to waive the corkage since we bought another bottle of wine there.. . Overall a must if you love steaks.
OMG. Mesa Grill = AWESOME. Dear Bobby Flay, can you please open a Mesa Grill in Honolulu? I would be forever grateful and eat there at least once a month. Thanks! . . We went there for lunch early on in our trip and loved it so much we returned for dinner on our last night in Vegas. To start off, the service was impeccable...gotta love the knowledgeable and friendly waitstaff! . . The bread basket that comes with the meal had a DELICIOUS blue corn muffin, cheese and jalapeno bread and walnut bread. I seriously could have eaten just the bread for lunch and would have been happy and satisfied. . . For lunch I ordered the shrimp and corn tamale (appetizer). Holyyy amazing. The fresh corn and perfectly cooked shrimp went well with the tamale and cream sauce. I also got to try a bite of the blue corn pancake (super good), burger (juicy and delish) and pork sandwich (good). To finish off, we shared the panna cotta with berries (yum!). . . For dinner I ordered the chile relleno. SO GOOD! The crunchy outside, melty cheesy inside and super awesome sauces combined to a great dish. I didn't want to share! . . Overall, I was truly impressed with Mesa Grill and will definitely return every time we go to Vegas!
Excellent delicious meal. I began to like 'TexMex ' food after eating here because it was prepared correctly. I'm not surprised that Bobby Flay is so famous, it takes a true chef to pull-off the flavors combinations as done in this restaurant. And for the quality it was affordable, as compared with many other fine dining experiences. Bravo!
Visited Mesa with a group of 10 for dinner.  We had to wait about 20 mins past our reservation time, but otherwise the experience was exceptional.  The food was incredibly good... flavors that just explode on your pallet!  The service was perfect, food was perfect, and even though it is not a cheap place to eat, I would certainly recommend it!
Best pork tenderloin I have ever had.  Duck taco things were pretty darn good too.  Excellent margaritas and vast tequila selection.  Will definitely be back when I am in Vegas!!
Ahh, Mesa Grill, how I love thee! . . We HAVE to go here every time we're in Vegas. I've never had a bad meal here and the waitstaff is top notch, not to mention a great location.. . The assorted breads they bring out are delicious.. . This time I had the shrimp tacos which were the perfect lunch serving. 2 skewers of shrimp grilled perfectly alongside fresh cabbage slaw and 2 grilled corn tortillas. . . Whether in Vegas or NYC you must try this place and fall in love as I have.
The duck. It's quite good. 16 spices cover this savory main course and goes very well with a sweet red wine. Very choice. . . The dark colors enveloping the surrounding atmosphere and the placing of the tables are nice.  You have enough space between people which I like. It's not too crowded. . . Good service there. I admit I got lost with the wine and which one I wanted. You get a quick taste of a wine you chose and if you approve you're supposed to nod in approval which I almost pulled off. Trust me though, I don't think I would have scoffed and chosen another wine because the first wasn't to my satisfaction. . . The table we chose seemed like the best for people watching and enough space between you and other tables. I liked that. Great conversation and great food. I have good memories here and will come back again.
What a great place! We visited in Feb. The service was attentive & pleasant, the atmosphere was subdued but not dreary. The food...wow. Everyone at our table loved their dish. Hubby had the chipotle rubbed rib eye & Dad had another one of their steak dishes, my sister & I enjoyed a spicy mango chicken plate. Bobby Flay, you make my insides feel good.
This is an excellent place for brunch.  The texture of their eggs is amazing - I have no idea how they do it.  The bread basket is great, and the bloody marys are so so good.
The use of extremely high quality ingredients that are kept simple for an elegant meal was amazing.  The veal was white with a succulent melt in your mouth appeal that had flavor bursting through the entire thing. The pork tenderloin was incredible as well if you enjoy spicy.  We ordered the side of baby carrots as an appetizer and were boggled by how simple baby carrots could contain so much flavor.  The service was quick and spot on.  My only complaint was the "signature margaritas" were piss poor and I could not even finish mine because it was giving me heart burn...and I LOVE Margaritas.
Let me preface my review by saying that this recent trip, Mesa Grill came through after we got up and left Stack at the Mirage.  You can read my Stack review to see what went very wrong there. But we've been to Mesa Grill four times now, and it will always be our must-go-to restaurant in Vegas.  . . Our dinner was late, after 9:30 p.m., Saturday, Caesar's, Vegas.  Energy level in the restaurant was marvelous, great wait and host staff, terrific sommelier, wonderful wine choice (well, that was OUR choice, but still, to have Fiddlehead Fiddlestix on the menu is amazing in and of itself).  . . The bread is the best (esp. that little corn muffin with the chilis....we fight over it!).  Great vodka choices for before dinner.  Hubby had the pork tenderloin--it is their killer dish.  I always get something different, so I had the chile relleno and it was wonderful--crispy crunchy crust (not doughy), a poblano chile of top quality, filled with goat cheese, eggplant, yuuuuumy.  Not huge, but just enough and just great.  . . The BEST.
mesa grill seriously just put the icing on the cake and made this Vegas trip the best one yet. . . I am a total food network junkie and ALWAYS drool over bobby flay's food since it's right up my alley [love spicy and bold flavors]. was going to come here last year but never got the chance, so Paul and I were determined to make it this time. we came during brunch and without a reservation, only a 20 minute wait.  . . the interior is nice, as expected. I opted for the spicy scrambled eggs and Paul absolutely had to have the burger. you get this amazing ass bread basket with mini jalapeno cheddar biscuits [DE-FREAKING-LICIOUS], mini scones, and blue corn muffins. I had to stop myself from filling up on it. . . on to the food! my eggs were perfect. tons of fresh jalapenos and a drizzle of some light green sauce, and goat cheese. the goat cheese was the perfect creamy accompaniment to the spicy jalapenos. love the fact it was actually spicy, as I hate ordering spicy food that turns out to be weak. the grits that came with it were the best I have EVER had, I don't know what he does but they have this distinct and strong corn-y taste. I miss them already. . . Paul's burger was also on point. it's a HUGE patty, and inexplicably is not greasy yet still super tasty. the bun didn't get soggy at any point, not even a hint of soggy, but the flavor and texture was all there. definitely a place to check out when you're in sin city!
came here for lunch with the bf and we ordered the following:. . tuna nachos 4.25 stars . spicy chicken sweet potato hash 4.25 stars. some seabass dish 3.75 stars. . you are def guaranteed to have a great meal here!. . get the spicy chicken sweet potato hash-- its totally unique and gives you a slight orgasm in your mouth (I like to say "orgasm in mouth" often to describe a handful of really amazing dishes that I encounter and this is one of them)
WOW!  What a meal.  Pricey, but worth it.. . First, let me say, we had the best waitress.  Her name on the receipt says "Encina A".  What a wonderful, knowledgeable, server she turned out to be.  She was everything I look for in a server.  Friendly, but professional.  Always a step ahead.. . We started with the Duck Pancake.  My wife was very adventurous on this trip.  She usually doesn't eat things like Duck but she really enjoyed this.. . I had one of the best Tuna Steaks I have ever had.  It was perfectly prepared rare.  My wife had the Ancho Salmon, another beautiful dish.  I had a side of the Collards, and they were wonderful.  My wife had a side of the Brussels but she did not like the Pomegranate taste.. . Say what you want about Bobby Flay.  He's arrogant.  But if you're name is on a restaurant that is cranking out this quality, you would be arrogant too.  I feel like I understand Chef Flay a little better.
Of the celebrity chef restaurants that I've visited, Mesa Grill is (so far) my favorite.  The quality of food, service and facilities was truly surprising especially in Las Vegas where everyone seems to be out to take your money.  Service was absolutely 4 Star without attitude.  The staff at our table seemed genuinely friendly and their performance was spot-on.  The flavors layered in the food were incredible and I found myself continuously amazed at the creativity.  The pork tenderloin is a thing of beauty...fork tender and delicious.  This is a place where the line cooks have really been taught to recreate something fantastic.  I pushed away from the table and left hoping that I could return again quickly.
Now I know why Bobby Flay is an Iron Chef. Oh. My. God. . . I was practically jumping out of our booth because every single thing that was set on our table was AH-MAZING! I still can't contain my excitement, obviously. Here's a to-the-point rundown: . . The bread basket is sexy. Jalapeno bread, corn muffins... It's so hard to resist scarfing them all, but try not to fill up! . . The choice drink is the white peach margarita. Perfectly balanced and refreshing. . . The tiger shrimp corn jalapeno tamales are incredible. And the baked goat cheese queso dip will blow your mind. . . I had the blue cornmeal crusted halibut with cherry tomato/jalapeno/caper sauce. There are no words. It's just amazing. Clean Plate Club, what?! . . Mesa Grill's take on banana cream pie is just perfect too. With a caramelized graham cracker chip and banana whip, you won't leave hungry. But you'll be reminiscing about your experience for weeks! . . Don't miss this!
I actually proposed to my g/f about 15 minutes before our 8PM reservation in our MGM Sky Loft which meant we were celebrating at Mesa Grill.. . To start off we had a mojito, margarita, and the chicken tacos appetizer. The 2 drinks were excellent. Im not a mojito fan but this was drinkable and stiff. The margarita really hit the spot and was overly full of tequila which is my style of drink! THe chicen tacos were awesome, 3 little breasts on skewers that came with 3 small tortillas, glazed onions, and a bbq sauce of some kind. A great way to start off!. . For our entree we ordered the coffee rubbed filet and I had the salmon. THe filet was cooked to perfections with loads of flavor and looked like a masterpiece on the plate. The salmon was just as perfect, cooked exactly how I like (mid rare) with a great crisp crust on the top and bottom from a good sear. . . We also had a la carte chille relleno and twice baked potatoe. Nothing too crazy but needed something on the side besides just the entree. The chile relleno was different with a hard corn meal like crust with bean/corn mash textured filling. Was different but good. The twice baked potatoe was better than a normal one.. . Dessert we didnt really want but we had to do it just to do it! We had the churros which we were glad we ordered. Hot and cripsy on the outside and warm and gooey on the inside. To top it off it came with a chocolate sauce to dip the churros in. . . Overall this was a top notch resturaunt with top notch service. One thing my g/f pointed out that was over the top was the fact she was wearing a black dress, she was initially given a white napkin and then the waitress came back and swapped her napkin with a black one. Now thats paying attention to detail.
I came here with my sister while we were on our whirlwind trip to Vegas and am SO glad this is where we decided to have dinner. . . Both she and I were feeling rich and starving, because we opted to order a slew of appetizers and a few side orders in addition to too many partida margaritas. Phenomenal margaritas by the way, nicely balanced and no sickeningly sweet cloying mix taste - at $12 a pop they better be good! Everything we ordered (blue corn pancake w/duck, tuna nachos, queso fundido, chile relleno, and mashed potatoes with queso sauce) was freaking delish. My personal favorite was the blue corn pancake because the duck was perfect - tender, smokey and sweet without even a hint of gamey-ness. I was also very surprised by how good the chile relleno was with it's thick hard cornmeal crust and bean/rice/mash in the middle. This was not your average deep-fried cheese stuffed pepper. . . And yes, after all that, we ordered dessert. The coconut cake is ridiculous. I mean seriously, it was so good that our waiter literally had to pry me off of it so that we would make it to our show on time. Each layer was soaked in some sort of coconut cream concoction and every bite was full of toasted coconut flakes, gooey cake and icing. I kept thinking about it all night. I'm still thinking about it! . . This was definitely a luxurious treat and I'd highly recommend it to anyone else looking for a nice dinner while in Vegas.
My husband and I had lunch at Mesa Grill last week and we loved it!  I started with a Cactus Pear margarita.  It was a beautiful color and tasted great.  We got an appetizer of the Tiger Shrimp & Garlic Corn Tamale.  It was awesome!  We could have eaten several more.  The sweet corn is so tasty and the sauce is incredible.. . For our entrees, we split the Chile Relleno and the Spicy Chicken & Sweet Potato Hash.  Both were very good.  The chile Relleno covering was crunchier than I am used to, but all the tastes blended well and the cheese just melted.  The hash was very different, but quite tasty.  It was pieces of chicken and sweet potatoes basically mashed into wash other and covered by eggs and hollandaise sauce.  I was a big fan of both dishes.  . . I couldn't resist dessert even though I really had no room.  We had the Layered Coconut Cake.  Scrumptious!  I would describe it as a tiramisu with coconut flavor, rather than a coffee-like flavor.  The cakes were soaked in some kind of cream like a tiramisu. It was great!
Where do I start???  Its Bobby Flay's so you know it will be pretentious, over staffed and very good.  I was there on a Monday before work and just like his restaurant in NYC all the above was true.  It was unnerving taking a drink of water and then out of nowhere came a hand with a pitcher to refill the table spoon of water I drank.  The 10-12 expediters and or servers standing around made it even more fun to eat in front of a crowd.   I will be back because the food is amazing as always; but I will wait until it's busier so I'm not the only entertainment.
2nd time here and it was even better then the first. . Started with the goat cheese queso fundito which is always amazing and was treated to their amazing bread basket. Blue corn muffins and jalapeno corn bread are both delicious. . Their roasted corn soup was truly decadent. Liquid corn bread.. Entree was the cornmeal chile relleno which I had last time and this was even better (the only vegetarian entree) stuffed with roasted eggplant and manchego cheese on top of a delicious red pepper sauce. . Finished with the pear buttermilk upside down cake that tasted like christmas, and the deep dish banana cream pie which is exactly as it sounds. Both perfect desserts. . Oh and about 5 glasses of their cactus pear iced tea.
Had a birthday dinner here with 4 of my dearest friends and can I just say it was such a fantastic meal from start to finish. . . the Lamb chops and the Pork Loin were amazing. HIGHLY recommended!. . for the apps we tried the crab cake, the blue corn pancake with duck and the tiger prawn tamale.. All were good, but the the best IMO was the crab cake and tamale.. . BOBBYYYY! you arrogant son of a b*tch! I love you man! teach me! please!!!! I wanna be your student. teach me the ways of the blue corn meal! I want you to come to my house and have a throw down in my mouth. I wanna hear that lisp of yours and see that boyish grin while we skip through fields of maize backwards  eating that pork loin!. . sorry Im actually a bit upset that this meal was so good. I kinda wanted you to fail so I could write a horrible review, but damnit Bobby, I cant.. . Good stuff Bobby! Touche bro!
I love Bobby Flay, so I was super excited to eat at his restaurant. My husband ordered the tiger shrimp tamale with blue corn for an appetizer and it was fabulous! I had the green chile burger with southwest fries. It was just as tasty as I imagined it would be. My husband ordered the pork tenderloin sandwich and it was so good! The sauce they put on it is spicy and perfect! We loved it so much, we went back two days later. The ahi nachos and salmon are also delicious! We loved everything we tried!
Fantastic!! The best most memorable meal of many in Vegas.. Tiger shrimp tamale-very delicious, shrimp cooked perfectly.. Chile relleno-great combination of flavors, I loved it!. RIb-eye with chipotle glaze and roasted peppers-by far the BEST steak ever!. Mashed potatoes-How could something simple be so good?. Deep dish banana cream pie-Like eating a cloud of banana with a delicate brittle cookie delight.. Interesting and tasty cocktails.. Our server was the nicest most helpful guy.. Bobby Flay is an Iron Chef indeed who has a true talent for food. . Reasonably priced for the quality and flavors.. Reserve a table for your next trip to Vegas and enjoy!
Once a year my dad goes on all expense paid trip to Vegas. All expense paid means that he eats wherever he wants, and orders whatever he wants. My wife and I were lucky enough to get to go this year and I practically packed a fork and knife in anticipation. . . Mesa Grill was the first restaurant we tried on the trip. I ordered the Tiger Shrimp Tamale for an appetizer and it absolutely hit the spot. The flavor was extremely bold, and I literally used my spoon to scrape the remaining sauce from the plate. Delicious.. . For the main course I decided to try the pork tenderloin sandwich and I absolutely loved the combination on the plate. I love to combine my food, and I recommend putting the fries in the sandwich as you eat. By the way, the pork is served cold and medium rare, which the waiter warns you about in advance. For this reason, I don't understand fellow yelpers complaining that the sandwich was not hot, or undercooked.. . My only small complaint would be I didn't like the corn bread served before the meal.. . After it was all said it done, we ended up going to the Mesa Grill two out of the three days. This is no small fact considering we could eat wherever we wanted. I now find myself having dreams about that pork tenderloin sandwich. Loved that sauce.. . Recommended.
I will never go to Vegas again without getting a reservation at Mesa Grill. The food, service, and atmoshphere were amazing and I would put this place up there as one of my top dining experiences of all time. I am not usually big on listing my "highlights" however I couldn' resist. . . In a town full of good eats this is one of the best...... . Highlights:. . Blue Corn Pancake- Barbecued Duck, Habanero, Chile-Stare Anise Sauce. . Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno- Roasted Eggplant + Manchego Cheese, Sweet Red Pepper Suace + Balsamic Vinegar. . New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin- Bourbon- ANcho Chile Sauce Sweet Potato Tamale + Crushed Pecan Butter
Way to go yelpers!!! Your reviews were spot on :) such a great meal...started with their margaritas which were over the top good!!!!! Then we had 2 appetizers-the goat cheese nachos and the tuna something...both were very good. I started with the soup and has the seared tuna steak and ate EVERYTHING.. Seriously the dishwasher probably could tell I liked my meal since there was nothing left to clean. :) definitely check this place our you won't be disappointed!!!!
Went with 3 friends and shared a taste of 4 different dishes and several appetizers. We were all wowed by the experience. The appetizers were the real highlight: the shrimp tamale, chicken quesidilla, and chicken taco, and blue corn pancake were all one of a kind taste experiences with so many amazing flavors. The bread basket was also great with three unique flavorful varities. On to the entrees the Chile Relleno was admittedly forgettable. The New York Strip Steak was excellent quality but not uniquely flavored more than other excellent steaks at Morton's, etc so if you are going for the unique experience you should not just get the steak, though perhaps you can split it like we did. The Grouper and Cioppino were both excellent and the sauce in the latter was so good we were all dipping our bread in it at the end of the meal. I tried the Mashed Potatoes with white queso sauce and they were good too, but you can only do so much with mashed potatoes and the appetizers were better I think. We had a great dining experience here and so can you, just be sure to try a few different appetizers, share your entrees to get all the flavors, and trust the chefs with all the intriguing combinations offered on the menu. The margaritas and the service are great too and it was well worth the experience to go. I can't wait to go again and try more of the items on the menu, as everything was a new experience.
Since so many reviews I'll keep this one short.  . . MY REIVEW IS JUST ABOUT THE FOOD. THE FOOD IS 5 STAR. I am ignoring things like location and atmosphere since when in Vegas you have to give up on all of that anyway.  At least that's my experience (I'm not a Vegas fan) . . If an opportunity to go to Vegas comes up I usually accept it so I can go eat at Mesa Grill again. I love it that much. It's my favorite place to eat in Vegas BY MILES. Even the bread is amazing and makes me cry. . . One dish that has blown me away every time is the Shrimp Tamale appetizer. I usually share this then irritated because I should have ordered it all for me. It's so good I think about  from time to time then have this longing inside...like the longing I had for certain men in my 20's and 30's. Ha! . . Pork Tenderloin is a must for me as well.   I'm sure everyone out there knows this by now (but if not) Pork Tenderloin is leaner than chicken breast. Yes, that's right, it's diet food. My only compaint from last week was the pork was undercooked. They did not ask how we wanted it cooked and I didn't think to request it as I thought Pork was 'well done' by default? I guess that's not true anymore, so next time I'll be sure to request well done. This is the first time I didn't clear my plate.  But then I asked for more bread and started to cry again.. . The food at MESA GRILL is FANTASTIC!  I wish Bobby would open a Mesa Grill here in Orange County.
Have you ever seen that episode of South Park where Randy becomes obsessed with the Food Network? That's me. Naturally, I jumped at the opportunity to eat at Mesa Grill when I recently traveled to Las Vegas. I felt as though by eating at Bobby Flay's restaurant so much of his cooking talent would rub off on me that I would instantly become the next Iron Chef.. . The meal starts off with a basket of bread: a southwestern corn muffin, cheddar jalapeno bread, and cranberry walnut bread. ALL AMAZING. While the muffin fell apart pretty easily, the incredible flavor of the sweet corn with the chiles baked into the bread was unbelievably satisfying. The walnut bread was by far the best, however.. . I started my meal with the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido. Forget EVERYTHING YOU EVER THOUGHT YOU KNEW ABOUT QUESO. I feel like after tasting this, no queso will ever quite satisfy me again. The queso is served in a mini cast-iron casserole dish (which I am determined to find and buy and cook with all the time), bubbling and gooey and cheesy and just all-around wonderful. It's topped with red peppers, and green peppers, and onions (my three favorite veggies) and served with blue corn tortilla chip strips. Unbelievable.. . For my main course, I got the Yucatan Chicken Tacos. The ONLY downside to my meal was that I only got three tacos, and I could have easily eaten six. Not only are they tiny, but they are incredibly delicious. The chicken is perfectly seasoned and then grilled (of course, it's Bobby Flay!). Instead of the normal taco-style lettuce, the tacos are served with cilantro and mint. Grilled red onions are alsoserved on the side, and three flour tortillas, which tasted just like what I assume my Mexican grandmother's tortillas would taste like (if I had a Mexican grandmother...). Top it all off with a little of the chile-peanut BBQ sauce, and you've got the best chicken tacos I've ever had. It's a do-it-yourself dish that requires you to build the tacos yourself, but that madeit even more awesome, because then I felt like I was cooking with Bobby Flay (don't judge me...).. . I did not have the dessert, because I ran out of money :( I could only assume that had I tried the dessert, I would have never wanted to leave.. . Bobby Flay, you are a GOD.
Bobby Flay certainly has grilling down. I've been here three times (the last two within two months apart). As each visit progressed, it gradually became a better dining experience. My first time there, I was just not enthusiastic about it as I am now. But with my most recent experience, Mesa Grill definitely deserves 5 stars!. . The first time, I had their coffee rubbed filet mignon. It sounds more interesting than it tastes. As in, it was kind of bland. I know you're not supposed to ask for sauce with your steak (and trust me- I don't like sauce with my steak) but I was seriously contemplating taking my steak back to my hotel room so I may secretly add A1 sauce. . . The second time around, I ordered the snapper. My opinion of the place went up significantly. Not because of the snapper, but because I had a bite out of my sister's rib eye!!! BOY OH BOY! It was like melted gold on my tongue. This piece of cow melted in my mouth and slithered its own way all the way down my tummy. There it lay so happily until digestion took its course and brought it out to reality. . . My last experience here was just short of two nights ago. I went with my Human Garbage Disposal. He was very excited to try Mesa Grill because he is a fan of Bobby Flay and I was enthusing about the infamous melt in your mouth rib eye. I ordered another fish- the grouper. Our food arrived, I looked at the huge rib-eye enviously and looked at my petite grouper. Whatever right? As soon as I took a bite out of the grouper, I pretty much dismissed all theatrics of the rib-eye and deemed the grouper the best dish I could ask for from Mesa Grill. So flavorful, so colorful, so tasty! And maybe it was my imagination, but the rib eye that I stole a bite from did not melt in my mouth. Dear grouper fish, never become extinct. And may Bobby Flay's minion chefs continue cooking you. . . The end.
Mesa Grill is awesome! . . This was my first experience eating Bobby Flay's food and it was exactly as awesome as I expected it to be. The menu was extremely creative and I wanted to order one of everything! The food I did order (Roasted Corn Soup and Grilled Swordfish Club) was perfect; no room for improvement. My cocktail: the white peach margarita was also amazing. . . In addition to the outstanding food, the decor was appealing and the service was excellent. I can't wait to visit again!
Very good food at an awesome price.  Very creative menu featuring southwestern flavors in your casual menu offerings.  The tuna nachos and mushroom quesadilla were wonderful appetizers.  The chile burger and pork sandwiches were exceptional. All in all a wonderful lunch experience.
We tried to get a table one night -- Wednesday, thinking this would be a slow night -- but couldn't get one until 7:30, which is just too late for us.  The hostesses were very nice about it but could not yield to our disappointment no matter how sad and pathetic a face I was wearing.  She gave us a card wtih their phone number and a sugggestion to call in the morning for a reservation.  We didn't because we weren't sure we'd be available.  Several days later we stopped in for lunch and were prompltly seated in what we thought was a "good" table.  YAY!. . The waiter was tall, good-looking, impeccably professional, and friendly.  I've heard some people express concern about bringing kids to MESA... and we brought two of them.  He really knew how to take care of us and how to effectively take care of our kids.  (I think he mentioned having 6 of his own, incluing a couple the same ages as ours.). . Lunch was fantastic and commensurate with the price.  We had a Bobby Flay Burger, Ancho-crusted scallop salad, Cornmeal crusted chile relleno, and the youngest child had the Crimini mushroom quesedilla.  As an appetizer we shared a Goat cheese queso fundido.  All was great and well within the palate of even our 8 year old.. . All of our plates were picked up by the bus boy empty... practically licked clean.. . Having never had Flay food before, I had a ntoion of what it might be like only from watching Chef Flay on the innumberable TV shows he is on.  His food lived up to that expectation:  fresh, high-quality, punchy flavors, cooked perfectly, and plating that was both clean and pretty.  Like most tourists we photographed our food... no matter how goofy that may have looked.. . One of the best parts of the experience was the way we were allowed to enjoy the experience without a hint of either slowness or rushing.  If we needed anything there was someone immediately available to help.  When we were eating and talking, we were left alone to have our privacy.. . All-in-all, this was definitely one of those "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" experiences.  We're glad we did it and we'll certainly do it again!
We went back to Mesa Grill on 7/3/11 and 7/6/11 for lunch. Mesa just keeps getting better and better! Try the Yucatan Chicken Tacos and the coconut cake for dessert. The tuna appetizer is wonderful too. The pomegranate martini is great as well!
My review is simply based on our overall experience and I know that not everyone enjoyed the same love. I can definitely understand how others came up with 3.5 or 4 star review.. . We have been watching Bobby on the food network forever and I have been to Mesa grill in New York, but wasn't exactly blown away. . . The "Vegas Experience" far exceeded our expectations. . . The vibe is cool, it's very laid back and not nearly as stuffy as many of the high end restaurants in Vegas. You can walk in there wearing jeans and a t shirt (as I did b/c I left my freshly pressed collared shirt in the rental car) without a smug or dirty look from the host/hostess. . . The Food:. . Bread (off the hook, give me more please). Freshly baked varieties including  an amazing raisin bread, sourdough with cheddar and jalapeno and a freshly baked soft and moist corn muffin. . Roasted Corn Soup. Excellent smoky, roasted corn flavors, very light and well seasoned. Excellent start to the evening. . BBQ Duck Blue Corn Pancake. Lots of duck in this bad boy. Duck was very tender, well seasoned and the blue corn pancake, although a bit soggy, was a nice touch.. . Fire Roasted Veal Chop. The most delicious, succulent, tender chop of veal I have EVER tasted. Topped with a spicy sauce that was truly incredible and a perfect balance of sweet, spicy and tart. . New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. GF ordered this one and she asked for it well done. I know, I know, I tried to help her understand that medium or medium rare pork is not a good idea, unless you are visiting a fine dining establishment such as this one. Despite the fact that it was well done (and cooked perfectly considering the fauz pas) this dish was killer! It was tender, spicy, sweet contrast and just delicious, served with a tangy and spicy BBQ sauce that was an excellent compliment to the dish. . . Coconut Cake. This cake is moist, soft, spongy and amazing! As many non coconut fans are thinking (I hate coconut) not to worry. It's the freshest combination of coconut flavor and sweetness, with an piping hot (luke warm) cup of coffee, makes for the perfect dessert. Had I not given up drinking years ago, I would have enjoyed a glass of Port with this dessert and it would have been the perfect yin to this sweet and tasty yang. . . Our waiter and the entire wait staff went out of their way to make us feel at home, to make our date night/pre show experience very special.. . I honestly hope that those of you reading this are treated in the same exact manner we were b/c the experience was sensational and definitely wallet friendly, considering where you are in the world of celebrity cheftastic restaurants.
Want good Southwestern food with a New York accent? Messa Grill is your place to go. Bobby Flay doesn't cook conventionally but cooks regular dishes with a super yummy flavor. I had the Mesa Burger and I now declare it my favorite restaurant burger after In N Out. My husband had the Shrimp Tacos and was pleasantly surprised at the amazing cole slaw that came with it. You've got to try this place out.
My last meal on earth will be the Rib eye!. . I was a bit tired of Bobby Flay and had lost passion for his food and shows and I guess seeing him on the tele all the time is a bit overwhelming. Well this boy has got me on his side again! Absolutely delicious. ! My friend Miriam got the pork which was super amazing! Other than the hostess asking me to remove my baseball hat it was fine. Also if we can afford to eat there and it is in the middle of a casino, don't ever tell me how to dress. . . Excellent food.
First time trying one of Bobby Flay's restaurants and it did not disappoint!. . The order: . Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale (appetizer). Fire Roasted Veal Chop (main course for me). 22 oz Bone in Chipotle Glazed Rib eye (main course for the boyfriend). . We started on our appetizers with high expectations for it, being that it was raved about in almost every yelp review.  This was not over hyped.  It was sweet and savory, perfect way to start off your meal! I just wish there were more prawns! i think it came with 3? But it was cooked to pefection! . . Our entrees came shortly after our appetizer was finished.... le sigh, i'm salivating as I am conjuring up all the delightful tastes of that night.  Must go back soon!  Ok, back to reality.... My Veal chop was cooked perfectly! Seasoned just right to bring out the maple glaze, horseradish and sage flavors one by one. The meat was tender, but it wasn't melt in your mouth tender. The presentation was fabulous with the bone on the Veal chop still in tact and the tamale resting under the chop. . . Although my veal chop was perfect, my boyfriend's 22 oz rib eye was BETTER!! SIGHH.... now this, was melt in your mouth tender! The flavors were explosive, like-- little tiny flavor mines exploding in yo mouth. Their chipotle glaze and green and red chili sauce... is in comparable to any other steak sauce that i have ever had..  I am sooo getting this next time. . . 5 stars, i'd give it 10 if i could..!!!
I was real worried about eating here due to reviews saying the food was bland. It was anything but. We had the blue corn pancake with duck WOW. For entrees we had the pork tenderloin sandwich and green chile burger. The pork was incredible, the burger had a lot of flavor but not green chile, this was probably the most tender burger I have ever had.. . We ate here for lunch because of my concern. It was definitely worth going for dinner, we will be back.
So now I understand why Bobby Flay is so cocky on TV.... HIS FOOD IS DAMNN GOOD!! DUHH!! Everything we ate was absolutely delicious! The complimentary bread basket was unique w/ a variety of gourmet muffins/breads. My favorite was the jalapeno muffin. We ordered the sweet corn tamales as an appetizer (featured on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate), the bacon hash quesadilla & the salmon. To this day I am STILL thinking about the bacon hash quesadilla. I can't wait till I go back in September! . . Oh and PS the service is great!
Normally I'm not such a fan for the "celebrity chefs" opening up shop in Las Vegas but I will say that MESA GRILL is not that - it's simply a great place to eat, drink and enjoy the company of friends and family.. . Let's start from the beginning, drinks, they're great, if you like sweet drinks, aka let's throw some simple syrup in this drink and go to town!  Fast forward to the finger food (muffins) and it's only making your stomach quake with anticipation.  . . I went with a starter of soup and wow, this corn chowder is amazing, so amazing that anytime I am in Vegas I will make it a point to stop in and get it.  For the main entree I must admit I spaced and ordered *gasp* a burger (I did and while it wasn't bad it was defiantly not showcasing what Bobby can really do, sorry bro I'll pick the rib eye next time).  . . Service was prompt and courteous and they seemed to understand the menu pretty well as my friends had some questions and they seemed to field them accurately.
**breakfast review**. . I had absolutely no expectations at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grll, I don't follow his TV persona or his shows. All I know is that he grills and invades peoples' restaurants for a challenge, how freakin' humble... But I could honestly say this is one of the best breakfast (or actually brunch) places I've had in a very long time!. . I started off my brunch with a Spicy Bloody Mary, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=g_DhgA5vwnDyojJ5hAg00Q. Honestly not worth the $9, but I appreciated the unique olive & chile pepper on the side, and the drink didn't taste like straight up tomato juice + vodka, there were a lot of spices in there! . Warning, it was quite spicy for a morning drink. I thought "Hey~~~ Whatever, I'm in Vegas," but boy, did it kick my @ss that morning. . . Their impressive "bread basket" is breakfast alone! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=Sy-fdjtW7Drd-6LBJ-i3ww. . You must get the one and only soup Mesa Grill serves, the Grilled Corn Soup. Delicious and the consistency reminded me of soupier porridge, which made me feel warm and homey :*) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=0UI-AK7kH_DvUWgjOce34g. . I admit I was regretful while ordering a salmon dish while Mesa is known for Tex Mex, but my Honey Glazed Salmon w/ black bean sauce was amazing. You can request the salmon medium or even medium rare!. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=Wz2EFRR4Kt-uZfR6WPjoPg. . My girlfriends also ordered other breakfast staples like a Sweet Potato Hash (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=u4pq7PFOPYytWEhfxCxQ0w) and the Jalapeno scrambled eggs with Ham (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg?select=8YIzCO87s62KyKgqNedm5g). I can easily say these dishes were impressively satisfying breakfast dishes, and definitely exceeded my expectations.. . BREAKFAST FOOD SUCCESS!
Another last minute add to the plan.  Got great seats for me and wifey at Celine concert (which in it's own right is legendary), stopped by busy Mesa Grill asked if they had anything after the concert and a very nice guy said we'll have a spot for you when you come out.    Exit concert enter Mesa Grill.  We've been to MG and it was great the first time... BUT you know about 2nd times right?  Well this put up an awesome repeat performance. They did have a sign saying they were closing early that night?  Was Mr. Flay making an entrance tonight?  Was that why everything was polished perfect?  I really could care less, everything was perfect and that's all that matters (after our lovely Olives evening - this was refreshing). . . Patrido Margharita - awesome, strong, no syrups. Tiger Shrimp Tamale -  Perfect, no other words. Coffee Filet - perfect spice, perfectly cooked.... ummmm Perfect. Chile Crusted Pork Tenderloin -  another P for AWESOME. Crushed Blueberry Tart - surprisingly light, very tastey great ending . . The fact that the last 2x i've been there have put consistantly great dishes makes me give 5 stars.  For those that think i have a mancrush on BF, you got that wrong.  Every time I see him on a television show I want to throw something at the TV..... I turn it off and walk away instead.  The Mesa Grill though was spot on that night.
My husband had the lamb, which he LOVED. I had a bite, and although I don't usually care for lamb, this was incredibly mild and very, very good. I split the pork tenderloin with my friend, and it was to DIE for. Melt-in-your-mouth, unbelievable goodness. Totally worth the money. Wow. Bobby Flay's got it goin' on there! :)
Bobby Flay's famous grill in Vegas... Sad I didn't get to try this slice of heaven before. I am a BIG fan of grilled/Mexican food and boy was this beyond my expectations. The shrimp tamale... YUUMMM-O! The mango bacon? Uh freakin delicious... The burger was quite tasty also, and the BREAD! Omg such a variety with the little jalapeno breads, to the coffee cake that's the best everrrrrrr? Oh and the grits? Don't get me started, I wanted to lick the bowl... Mmmm DEFINITELY coming here EVERYTIME I hit up Vegas. Yay Chef Bobby Flay!
Finally got another one off the "bucket list."  Dined at Mesa Grill Monday night. and was not disappointed at all. Despite being very pricey, the food, service and ambience is well worth it. Our waiter, Chris, was a perfect salesman of recommendations and talked us into the Corn and Shrimp tamale appetizer. To DIE for. We also took his wine recommendation of the 2006 Muga Riega, excellent choice- full bodied and bold enough to stand up to my Filet that was blanketed in a dry rub of coffee and smoky chipotle mixture... the steak was huge, tender and cooked perfectly medium rare. Hubby ordered the New York along with the roasted corn side.... the corn.,... yum, yum, yum...another must have. All in all, it was a fab dinner and would highly recommend it to foodies!!
You bring new meaning to Tex Mex cuisine.   I loved everything.   . .  I made reservations  for our party of 4 and sadly enough we were late from all the traffic and parking fiasco.   But along the way, we called and informed them and the host accepted it as calm as can be.   So getting there about 30 minutes late for our 8:30 dinner reservation, we had to wait about 5 minutes till our party was complete.   Right then and there they led us to our table and offered for drinks on the spot.   Hello tequila!   Yes, they have a great selection and the margaritas are just golden.   Mixed sweet and it's got the kick.   Our waiter introduced himself and informed us about the wine list. He even pointed out some of the specific details of the tequila list and explained some of the items on the menu. The bread basket was good, but I was mostly impressed with the customer service and the interior.   We skipped the appetizer and decided to go for the entree since we had to catch up with our schedule for the club.   I opted for the Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops.   This is where BF's talent in his signature sauces come in.   Simple presentation, just grilled with a side of Tamale and the meat in the center.   The flavors come together and heaven came down to earth.   It was a balance of meatiness, salt, sweet, spice, and a tang of goodness. It looked like I can finish the plate, but wow was I wrong.   That portion was a lot for one person to conquer.   Next time I'll try the seafood. . . I'll be back Mesa, I'll make sure to leave my hotel an hour before considering the strip traffic and the parking.   There are three places to valet park and the best one is all the way in the back closest to the restaurant.
Great food without a doubt! You really need to eat the food the way it was designed to be eaten. The Steak I got wasn't too great on it's own....but when combined with the rest of the food on the plate, it became absolutely delicious! And their Corn soup was phenomenal, and their bread was to die for. I wish they gave us more bread hehe. Prices are reasonable.
One of the best restaurants I have ever been too.  I had a spicy bloody mary, which was out of this world! Goat cheese spinach queso dip was by far the best dip I have ever had.  I ordered the New York strip which was cooked to my perfection.  It came with a dipping sauce that was spicy/sweet.  Loved the design of the restaurant, service was great, just wish the couple behind us would take their kid outside when he was crying...  but that is not Bobby Flay's fault.  Other that the kid, Awesome overall! It is expensive, but well worth it.
Finally made it here after years of wanting to try out a place by a celebrity chef. The menu was smaller than expected, but diverse enough for my liking. . . My typical process is to inform the waiter that this is my first visit and I would like to know what are the best/signature dishes. Some times I get the typical, "everything is great" response. So I follow up with my next question, "When my friends back home find out I went to Mesa Grill, what is the one dish they're going to ask, DID YOU HAVE THE XXXX?" With that in mind... we ordered the following. . Appetizer:. Tiger Shrimp with Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale . . Entrees:. Ancho-Chile Honey Glazed Salmon . New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with sweet potato tamale. . Sides:. Roasted Corn with Chipotle Aioli. Mashed Potatoes with Green Chili Queso Sauce. . All outstanding
Came back to Mesa after over a year of waiting to dine here again and I was not disappointed.  Again, I ordered the Yucatan chicken tacos and they were even BETTER than I remembered.  They also had an oyster special appetizer topped with caviar for under $20 that was extremely delicious and a new thing I tried this time was the roasted corn side to go along with my perfect 22oz bone-in ribeye.  The corn is to die for.  You must try it.
After 5 or 6 visits, always an over-the-top gastronomic experience.. . Too many so-called "celebrity chefs" think that since they graduated from some overseas cooking school, bought a couple of tattoos, and an attitude, their new cooking show will make them cooler than Miles Davis.. . Bobby Flay stands out from this crowd and he's the real deal: After walking away from a fast-track Wall Street gig, he went back to his true calling and joy. And it shows at all his restaurants.
Love the flavors - period. Started with cocktails and my martini came out DIRTY - not sure why as I didn't order it that way. They kindly replaced it with what I ordered.. . Start you with a variety of bread which was pretty good. Ordered appetizers... I ordered the Tiger Shrimp and Garlic Corn Tamale - excellent. We also had the blue pancake with bbq duck and the goat cheese nachos. Nachos were a hit but the duck was the winner. Very good.. . For dinner, I ordered the spice rubbed pork tenderloing - awesome flavors and cooked PERFECT. I highly recommend this place when visiting Vegas.. . Prices were high but well worth it.
This place is now my favorite restaurant to go to in Vegas.  Awesome food at reasonable prices.  Skip the buffets and get some food that is worth the money. The assortment of breads they bring out pre-entree was also a nice touch.  I ate the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash.  This was a great choice and was the best hash I have eaten.  The amount of spice was just right.  Not too spicy, but enough to let you know that you were eating at a southwestern restaurant.  The service was great as well.  I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant
Wow, all I can say is I really love the Shrimp garlic tamale. Now I know why it was one the show "The best thing I ever ate." It seriously was the best tamale I've ever eaten. The sauce was delicious underneath the warm, hot tamale. . . The bread basket was also something that stood out. The blue corn muffin was soft but yet crumbly and me and my husband couldn't help but ask for seconds. in addition, the jalapeno bread and the raisin bread were so good we gobbled up the whole basket within a few minutes.. . as for the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork tenderloin was not as memorable. It was served cold, and the sauce inside was good, as well as the toasted bread but the tenderloin taste got lost in the sandwich. Would definitely come back and try some of Bobby Flay's other dishes. The fries were VERY well seasoned and so crunchy and flavorful.. . We also got the ancho chile honey glazed salmon that was medium. It was tender, and melt-in-your mouth good. Highly recommend his restaurant. i wasn't originally a Bobby Flay fan, but now I give him all the credit.
If you visit only one signature dinner place in Vegas make it the Mesa Grill. Bobby Flay does it right. The food, service and ambiance are all top notch. The menu is eclectic and the various choices offer something for everyone - even vegetarians can figure out a nice meal here. One of my favorites in the Vegas area.
Definitely my favorite spot in Vegas. My hubby and I have eaten all up and down the strip and Mesa is consistently excellent.. . On our most recent visit, we started with the duck blue corn pancake, which was super yummy. I also love the bread basket that they bring around - I could eat an entire loaf of the jalapeno sourdough. Yummmm.. . For lunch I had the shrimp tacos and hubby the pork tenderloin sandwich.  Both were excellent and we were very pleased with our meals. . . I also had some fancy (must've been for $16!) margarita that the waiter said was some special drink and something about Oprah (I'll try anything that Oprah likes!!). While a bit expensive, it really was the best marg I've ever had.. . Can't wait to go back again!
This is one of the few restaurants I am proud to have been to. We make it a point to eat here whenever we are in Las Vegas! On our most recent trip we attended Mesa Grill during restaurant week and there was a special menu which you could order from which included an appetizer, a main course and a dessert which on this day was a Panna Cotta with mixed Berries on top. I ordered the green chili burger (instead of the Mesa burger which is exceptional!!! and my regular order) and a chopped salad. The green chili burger was amazing! It had pickled red onion which was just gorgeous placed on top of the green sauce! I also sampled the crab cake my mother ordered and it was of course delicious. The panna cotta was good thick texture, not too sweet and well complemented by the berries. . .  It has been a pleasure to dine here each time and the staff has always been helpful, genuine and nothing but lovely!
Another Vegas convention needs a reward: Another dinner at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. This remains my #1 for Las Vegas. This night, I brought some of my team together to enjoy fine dining at the Grill and oddly no one had ever been here. Everyone loved their food! The corn was all the rave, but my favorite was the Pork Tenderloin which was a deviation for me as I'vebeen eating the duck on every single visit. . . Here's the description:. . NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED. PORK TENDERLOIN. Bourbon - Ancho Chile Sauce. Sweet Potato Tamale. + Crushed Pecan Butter. . Order it medium rare for incredible flavors, as it is not over-spiced. Incredible meal as usual! the service and ambiance continue to shine. The Hostess went out of her way as 3 people showed up late and she actually had to re-seat us on a very busy evening. This is a reservation required spot. . . Thank you, Mesa Grill!
What a wonderful dinner. From start to finish it rocked.. Seated in the top row of the restaurant we had a great view of the rests of the restaurant and most importantly straight on view of the kitchen.. Started with the Shrimp Tamale & Tuna nachos..  ST was half tamale with 4 shrimp cooked on the grill with a great corn sauce with a little heat. The  tuna tare tare with chips and two different sauces. . For dinner we split the smoked pork tenderloin and a side of corn.  The Pork came as three round cuts about 3 inches tall and 1 inch thick. It was the pinkest pork I have ever had(it was smoked so not raw) and a wonderful sauce to dip into. The flavor nada nice heat in the crust of the pork and it was tender and juicy. The corn was great and we found the recipe on FN and it wasn't very heavy with cream.. Service was wonderful without being over bearing.. Best food we had in five days in Vegas.
I've always wanted to try this place and sure enough it did not disappoint. I had their Saturday brunch menu. This review is written sober but I sure had my fair shareof their excellent Margaritas. We had such great service that day. They had prix fixe menu that day aside from the regular brunch menu. They didn't have the crab cakes on the regular menu but we asked the waiter and he was nice enough to ask the Chef and he made an exception for us! The crabcake was amazing. Just enough crunch on eat side with big chunks of crab along with their sauce. I can't rave about it enough because I am already a big crabcake person. . Bobby Flay is always make tamale this tamale that on his shows so I had to try his tamale. It's say it was pretty good but not the best tamale I've ever eaten. Lastly, we had the special taco and that was just ok. . . All it all it was a fabulous meal!
Food & service is excellent.  This is a great place for appetizers & drinks.  Would go back when visiting Vegas.
I have been here a couple times, once with my fiance, and once with the guys for my bachelor party weekend. . . Service is always top notch, the drinks were amazing, and food is just insanely good.  The second time I went, one of my friends had special dietary needs, and the waiter knew exactly what could be changed in order to be able to order the dish he wanted.  . . The staff is amazing.  Anyone thinking about going, make your reservation, and check this place out.  You won't be disappointed.
Been there 4-5 times and it's a winner every time!. . Awesome food, drinks, service and ambiance, what else can you ask for?. . If you love Bobby Flay and spicy food, you have to check them out.. . Tip - Try the coconut cake; it is a Throw Down Winner.
Of all the Vegas restaurants headed by big-name chefs, Bobby Flay's Mesa probably held my lowest expectations.  Imagine my surprise, then, when it turned out to be my favorite meal of the trip.  . . The corn chowder tasted like a bowl of pure sunshine, with just a touch of kick.  Also sampled was the blue corn cake with BBQ duck, which was like a southwestern interpretation of a pulled pork sandwich.  And while I love the purity of enjoying a tamale or a chile relleno at a tiny storefront or, even better, in the kitchen of a Mexican momma, the way Mesa elevates both dishes to fine dining neither cheapens or lessens these dishes.  . . Only mild oddity was it seemed the majority of wines offered were French.  For some reason I assumed, considering the cuisine, to see a lot more Californian, Spanish, and Argentinean wines.  I did, however, have a sip of George's margarita.  Easily one of the best I've ever tasted.
The BEST Pork Tenderloin ever!
Bob Flay's food is so good its worth leaving your husband Ari Gold for!. . I had the shrimp tamales, salmon, and chicken salad and pear cactus tea! All Excellent!
Great unpretentious food. Bobby flay is the man!
My wife and I both spent our birthday dinners here one year because it was so good! The family went out with us to Vegas and stayed the weekend at Caesar's for her birthday. What better place to spend it than downstairs in the casino at Mesa Grill. I had called ahead since we had a party of 8 and they took good care of us! They had a separate room set for us so it just added to the experience. Everything from the drinks to the food is perfect. Both times we've been here we've never been disappointed, from the food to the service. But the food! This is where I fell in love with sweet corn tamales. The chefs really know how to balance the heat of the chilies, you get a little zing but the flavors in the food are just right. This place is a must...I can't wait to stop in again next time we're in Vegas.
Upon walking into the restaurant, we'd given our name and were seated within one minute. The hosts were friendly. The restaurant itself is beautiful! We were at the table maybe two minutes before our server (the amazing Encina) came over with our menus and a mouth-watering description of the night's specials. We were taken aback by the amazing service and care, not only because Encina and the rest of the staff care about their food and their customers but also because Lillie's Noodle House and Grotto Ristorante at the Golden nugget were such a shit-show with their horrific excuses for service (see those reviews for why).. . She gave us a few minutes to peruse the drink menu and came back with waters before taking our order. We couldn't resist asking for her favorite appetizers and ended up getting two AMAZING appetizers:. -RoastedCorn Soup: the soup itself is light and sweet, a delicious puree of sweet corn.  It came out warm and had a slight bit of heat that lingered in your mouth. It was perfectly seasoned and a great way to begin our meal.. -Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla: It's a great appetizer for four or two. The tortilla was crispy and had a little char to it. Inside, the cheese and meat mingled amazingly. On top, the cotija and quacamole beckoned us to the plate like Sirens.. . We got our drinks and commented on how the meal was batting-a-thousand so far.. White Peach Margarita (my friend and one of my brothers): the sweetest of the bunch. Tasty and light; great balance between the tequila and white peach flavors.. Cadillac Margarita (my other brother): I like to taste my alcohol when I'm drinking and a Caddy guarantees that I will. This was a great margarita!. Cactus Pear Margarita (my drink): I ordered this one because of the rave reviews on Yelp and it didn't disappoint. It wasn't too sweet and packed a nice punch. The flavor was great.. . Encina was back within ten minutes to take our orders. Here's what we got (and loved):. -Mango and Spice Crusted Tuna: good God almighty this was good (for an agnostic guy to say this is saying something)!!! The tuna was cooked perfectly. The spicy sear on the outside was enough of a crunch to perfectly contrast the tender tuna. The mango glaze the accompanied the fish was sweet enough to enhance the fish without being too sweet or overpowering. The pine-nut cous cous was soft and delicious. The green and red peppercorn sauces on the plate were the perfect accent. The peppercorns were a soft burst of peppery goodness.. -Sixteen Spice Chicken: although not the route I would have gone, this was really good. For those who want to play it safe. The chicken was tender and the sixteen spices were definitely a party in my mouth, but chicken just isn't adventurous for me. My brother loved it; we both agreed that the spiciness level was great.. -Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon: The meat was incredibly tender and juicy. The rub on the outside could very well be the best thing ever put onto a piece of meat. The coffee shined through enough that you knew it was there, but didn't take over the dish. The mushroom-ancho chile sauce was the perfect sauce.. -Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops: these were incredible!!! The spices were just right and the meat was tender. The garlic tamale was delicious as well.. . Encina checked on us throughout the meal and kept us laughing. Once we were done, she put down the drink menu and the desert menu and said, "Now, I know you're not leaving without another drink and some desert!" She knew us too well!!! Here's the grand finale:. -Pomegranate martini (friend): Light on pomegranate taste. Tasted a little cough-syrupy. She was not impressed, but our tastebuds may have needed a nap after the amazing dinner we had.. -Mesa Pisco Sour: very nice! The alcohol shone through without being too much.. -Mango Buttermilk Upside Down Cake: not enough to share for more than two, but I was really the only one who wanted desert so it was perfect for everyone to have a taste. The cake was nice, light, and warm. The caramel rum sauce was fantastic and the mango ice cream was great.. . We got to talking about how it was my birthday. At another table, I guess Encina heard us. She said, "I wasn't eavesdropping or anything, but did I hear a birthday over here?" They pointed to me and she replied, "OK. Don't go anywhere" and sprinted across the restaurant. She came back, told me to close my eyes as she lit a candle and placed it in a small ramekin of their homemade vanilla-bean whipped cream (best ever!). She told me to make a wish before I opened my eyes and said, "From my heart, happy birthday." It was one of the nicest restaurant birthdays I've ever had.. . Overall, we couldn't have been happier with dropping close to $300 on a dinner for four. The food was amazing! The service was spectacular. Encina is incredibly sweet and takes care of you. She took the absolute best care of us.. . Do yourself and your tastebuds a favor and eat at Mesa Grill!
Oh Bobby Flay, how I love thee!!! lol!. . So with that in mind, there was little I would've disliked. I came in with high expectations and expected to pay out the A-hole for a 5-Star dinner. . . Did I mention I'm probably the biggest Flay fan out there? My boyfriend too.... seriously - waiting on the Flay channel. . . Anyhow, we were alarmed we were able to get reservations on a Saturday night easily, but we made them the night before and I was stoked. . . We arrived on time, table wasn't ready so we posted at the bar - cute little bar, quirky little bartender, stiff vodka tonics (LIKE!). . Naturally, since we stalk Bobby, lol, we asked if he was coming in, but to our dismay he was not (sad face). . We were seated within 10 minutes of arriving. Cute little intimate tables, we examined our neighbors cuisine as it came in - immediately wondering if we could buy real estate in LV. lol... yummmm. . We ordered Tuna Nachos for antipasto; it came quickly, so did the bread selection. I remember loving the jalepeno bread because it was different, but really it was kind of crappy bread. Bobby, we love you but stop baking - it's not your style. Tortilla's, chips, or maybe some other SW app would've fit. . . Tuna nacho's were ok; the oil trio's at the base for garnish were really REALLY good... I would've been happy just eating that. . . Boyfriend ordered the side of cow... the most massive piece of beef I've seen. I think it was a Rib Eye Steak (Alton Brown's fav cut), he loved it, and didn't have to pick out much fat. Kinda weird there was no sides with it, but then again it would've gone to waste with my bf anyhow. . . I got the braised lamb. Huge cuts, and it came with a brick nasty tamale. It was not a tamale - and WHY would you use corn husks Bobby?? Why?? Use Banana Leaves... so much better. My bf's tia can show you... just let us come visit ;). . Anyhow, it was a great experience, our waiter was nice, the restaurant was nice, and after all that food and four drinks total we were expecting to pay $250+ but to our delightful suprise it was $110 with tax. WOW. . . Bobby Flay your the best. Oh and your wife is a good actress too.
Liked everything I've had here on a number of visits!  Very nice dinner!
Amazing, amazing, amazing! Every single aspect of this dining experience was stellar. Mesa Grill was on my radar before arriving in LV so my boyfriend and I decided to make reservations for dinner at around 9:30P on a Friday evening. I'm sure there's SOME room for walk-ins, but I would definitely make reservations in advance if you're planning on going during prime dinner hours.. . Bobby Flay really put together an incredible menu from start to finish. We started out with the roasted tiger shrimp + corn tamale which kicked off the meal perfectly. All the flavors in the dish just worked together perfectly. We opted to nab two sides instead of a second appetizer and decided on the roasted corn and the cornmeal-crusted chile relleno to go with our entrees. The corn could quite possibly be one of my favorite foods ever -- beyond delicious and seriously a MUST if you're ordering a side. The chile was great, though didn't quite have the same impact. Being a pescetarian, the tuna steak was a pretty natural entree selection for me and it couldn't have been a better choice. A surprisingly big portion and all-around amazing plate. I should say though that we had entirely too much food. We could have JUST had our entrees and I would have been satisfied. One app + two entrees for two people is probably enough unless you're particularly hungry. By the end of the meal I was at the point where I was beyond full but couldn't seem to stop munching because it was SO good! Dessert wasn't even an option for us after over-ordering. When you pop in keep in mind that the portions are actually pretty good-sized (which is a pleasant surprise) and order accordingly. All around amazing. I would definitely come back again next time I'm in Vegas!
The best margaritas I've ever tasted...and I've had a lot. The food was amazing. Great atmosphere. I wish I could go back right now!
Bobby Flay grills a hella good steak! This is my 2nd Bobby Flay restaurant (first one was at Bobby Flay Steak in Atlantic City), and I loved it as much as the first. Just like the steak at Bobby Flay Steak in AC, the steak here at Mesa Grill was perfectly charred on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. Delicious. Best steak ever. I don't even like steak. I heard Bobby Flay was a jerk in real life, but I just can't help loving his food. It's so good!! *puppy eyes
Went for saturday brunch and only had to wait about 15 minutes.  I think they do take reservations though if you don't want to wait.. . This was probably my favorite meal on this trip to Vegas.  They bring this basket with blueberry crumb cake, corn muffins made with blue corn, jalepeno puffs and raisin biscuits.  The coffee was strong and flavorful.  I ordered the spicy scrambled eggs with jalepenos and I believe creme fraiche on top with a side of ham.  The eggs were so fluffy and soft.  The ham was just a little sweet but was best thing on the plate.  There were more biscuits on this plate maybe buttermilk ones, very tasty.  Also got a  choice of grits or fries, I chose the grits.  They were creamy and rich. He got the pork tenderloin sandwich which they press and use cold pork tenderloin, I'm assuming the same tenderloin they may use for the dinner.  It was seasoned with New Mexican flavors, spread with a flavored mayo and topped with onions.  It also came fries.  We split each of our entrees to get more variety.. . A lot of people ordered the burger around us and I must say that looked pretty tasty.  Going for brunch still gives you celebrity chef flavors for a lower price tag.
My husband took me here for my birthday along with two friends.  It was my first Bobby Flay experience and so I was looking forward to it.  I had little expectations just because it's in a hotel and I didn't know how Tex Mex would be in a casual fine dining atmosphere.  . . The restaurant's atmosphere is great.  It's bright and welcoming.  This place is busy so definitely make reservations.  . . We showed up early and we were told that they wouldn't be able to seat us until our reservations (completely fine), so we left and came back about 3 minutes before our reservation.  They were behind a little.  10 minutes pass and the host let us know that she didn't foret about us but tables were turning slow (loved that she acknowledged us) and then after another 5-10 minutes she came up to us and said that the restaurant would be buying us drinks for the wait (okay!) we sat about a half hour after our reservation and they immediately sent us out an appetizer to again apologize.  I was impressed with how they handled it.  I worked as a host for years and was happy to see that these hosts worked the front so well.. . After we sat down we were greated by our server and started ordering our food.  Everything came out perfectly from the corn bread to the filet mignon.  The rock shrimp tamale was oh so good!  I am not a Rib Eye fan but the flavor of the cut was so good!  I also had the duck pancake.  I would have eaten those all night.  I would stray from the double baked potato and get the corn if they have it on the menu as a side.  It was like eating candy (not sweet, just you don't want to stop eating it!) . . The chef's in the kitchen are trained to perfection.  People it's NOT Bobby Flay cooking your steak and it's not him making your menu!  Give credit where credit is deserved!  A lot of people don't realize it's just his name and face sometimes but his executive chef's and sous chefs do a lot of the grunt work and creativity! The presentations were beautiful as well.. . And I can't forget the backwaits.  Our water glasses were never empty, our plates were whisked away silently and we were never bumped into when they were clearing other tables (even though the tables are very close together).. . The prices of the food and drinks are expensive but what do you expect?  Other than the quality being top notch you are in Caesars eating at Bobby Flay.  If you don't like a perfectly cooked filet at $44 then go to Denny's.  I think they have a $2.99 special from midnight to 6am.. . This was a great meal. I would tell anyone going to vegas to try this place because you will not be disappointed!  I love seeing other foodies enjoy this place as much as I did!
NO seats even with 2 day notice, but bar area has seating with full menu available. We arrived opening 5pm and claimed seats right away. Coffee rubbed filet was awesome - very earthy and cooked perfectly rare. 6 spice chicken was one of the best things I've ever had. Small portion - but PERFECT. nick kick to it too. Twice baked potato was only complaint - good, but I love the skin and it was too dry and crispy. Banana cream pie was awesome.
Great restaurant, Great food. started with his special maragarita's which were very good. Then my wife and I shared the sweet corn with shrimp tamale as an appetizer and finished the night with his spice rubbed pork tenderloin. Flay has his way with. Spice and it is done perfectly to bring out the great flavors of his wonderful meals. enjoyed it very much
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Came here for the hubby's 30th bday and it was amazing! Yes the place is crazy expensive but totally worth it, you're in VEGAS!!! Live a little people. The jalapeno bread they serve is excellent, perfect mixture of spicy and sweet. We ordered the shrimp tamale, so on point! I would come here just for that! Our drinks were also super! Loved my mojito! The hubby and I both got the 22oz chipotle rubbed steak, OMG!! to die for, if I could have eaten the bone I would have. We also shared a side of mashed potatoes, once again, they were perfect! I can't wait to come back. I do suggest making reservations as the place starts getting busy around 7ish.
I'm a huge fan of Iron Chef Bobby Flay, so when I found out that he had a restaurant in one of my favorite hotels (Caesar's Palace) I was ecstatic. . . The restaurant is across from the iconic Caesar's Sports Book, a place where I have watched and wagered on countless sporting events. After a day of watching sports in an electric environment it is a luxury to be able to sit down for an extraordinary dinner without missing a beat. . . The food is classic Bobby Flay. A mix of NYC and Southwestern flavors balanced to perfection. The interior of the restaurant is modern and chic, but not overly formal. You can come dressed in a suit and tie or casual and feel equally at home.. . Congrats Bobby on creating a restaurant that is approachable to the masses yet serves world class cuisine.
If you watch any of those cooking shows on Food Network, you sometimes hear them say that the flavors came in "waves" or had "depth".  Mesa Grill is the first restaurant where I really experienced this.  . . In addition, while I was in Vegas, I also had dinner at Emeril's Table 10.  That was a huge drop off from Mesa Grill.  I believe Bobby Flay is America's top chef.  Everything was excellent.  Appetizers, entrees and dessert....all very good.  . . My guests all thought I was the "man" for making this reservation. . . RD
Bobby has really brought tex mex to the mainstream. We got salmon, grouper and steak/eggs for brunch and it was great!
Not much to add that hasn't been said before so I will reiterate what I found helpful. I've been for both brunch and dinner - equally amazing whichever way you go, but brunch is a serious fraction of the dinner cost (less than half). First tip: share everything.  It means you can experiment with more foods, and the portions are pretty crazy (especially the steaks).  Personally, for my husband and I we do 2 apps, 1 steak and 2 sides for dinner.  For breakfast, we did 1 app and 2 entrees.  Second tip: order the margarita that they advertise as the perfect margarita (it's pretty close).  Third tip: order the tiger shrimp tamale appetizer, the one that was featured on the Best Food I Ever Ate (it is that good).  . . Only drawback is that the place is popular, which means a few things you have to just accept and move past so they don't ruin the experience: reservations on popular weekends have to be made weeks in advance (on Halloween weekend we had to reserve with a credit card and $50 no show commitment), the reservation time doesn't always correlate to the time you will be seated (on busy nights the place is definitely overbooked), bar area is small so waiting for your table with a drink in hand is harder than it should be. Lastly, while the servers have always been very knowledgeable, cool and have a pretty iron clad spiel to pump you up about the impending awesomeness of your meal, the front desk is a bit snotty (especially for a place with cowhide covered seats) and you just have to brush off the attitude.
Everything I expected and more from Bobby Flay's restaurant. I was surprised that it was so casual as I saw many people decked in jeans and a t-shirt. But hey, it's right by a sports book area in Caesar's Palace. . . Tiger shrimp and garlic roasted tamale was extremely tasty. Might have liked it better than my entree. I got the salmon and wife got tuna steak. Both were very good. My salmon had a fantastic crust with a semi-sweet ancho chile sauce. I was jealous of my wife's tuna steak. It was prepared rare as it's sashimi-grade of course and it was bangin! Plating was awesome and the flavors popped with every bite. . . We got the Pomegranate Brussel Sprouts on the side. I was nervous because I've never had Brussel Sprouts and hear all the child horror stories. Boy was I relieved. This side was awesome! The pomegranate pairing was perfect and the sprouts were full of this nutty, roasted flavor. YUM-O!. . Don't know why he lost a Michelin star a couple years ago but who cares, I give it a Good Year star.
Food so good that I wanted to eat them with my genitals.
Dropped by for lunch and tried the pumpkin soup and Mesa Burger, blown away! Definitely will be going back. Really good service too.
Everything here was exceptional!  The restaurant is absolutely beautiful!  The cocktails and apps were a great start.  My mouth still waters when I think of the Cioppino and the veal chop we ordered!
Bobby Flay restaurants are always excellent. The flavors are truly something to be experienced - layer after layer of great tastes in each bite.
Tiger shrimp tamale, black bean chili relleno and goat cheese queso fundido were all excellent appetizers.  The couple next to us oredered the chili rubbed steak which looked awesome (they said it was, too!).  We ate at bar and the house margaritas on the rocks were some of the best we have had.  A little pricey but its Vegas and Bobby Flay.  Can't wait to go back!
One of my favorites ever, I think the one in NYC is slightly better, but both locations are fantastic. I ate here 4 times over the week since I was at the hotel for a conference. I have tried many items, and all of them are fantastic.
Dear Bobby Flay,. . You restaurant was awesome. But might I add, one of your chefs might of over marinated my boyfriends ribeye a little too much. You know? But let me tell you that bbq duck with blue corn pancake was spectacular!!! So good I almost fainted with joy :). The lamb chops were tender and cooked perfectly, i almost didn't think I was eating lamb chops. Good stuff! Until my stomach mets your food again. :). . Janet :). . p.s.. nom nom nom
Love, love, love this place for brunch.  Have been numerous times for brunch and have never had a bad entree.  Also really enjoy the unique bread selection with brunch, which includes items like mini coffee cakes and mini scones (all with slightly southwestern flavors).  . . Having been to Mesa Grill in NYC several times as well, this location does not offer quite the same level of food (as one would expect).  Service at the NYC location also tends to be a bit more professional, although the service that I've received in LV has always been exceptionally friendly and attentive so no complaints.
Hostesses there lack brain activity and manners but the rest was amazing!  Waitress was fantastic.  We had the chopped salad, corn tamale, and the pork tenderloin.  All were amazing.  This is a must stop in Vegas.
Hello, Bobby Flay obsession. How are you?. My husband and I came here for their Saturday Brunch. We hadreservations and maybe had to wait a little bit, but I was so geeking out over being here that I didn't even care. . We were seated and got the bread basket. Even this was yummy. They have teeny corn bread, and little muffins, and some other deliciousness. . For the meal, I got the chilaquiles and husband ordered the burger. My chilaquiles were so good! The sauces went together perfectly and the blue corn tortillas were pretty. My husband said his burger was one of the best he's had. . Props to Bobby Flay for a good restaurant and bigger props to his chefs for executing delicious dishes.
For Christmas next year I would like Bobby Flay to be my personal chef. I just adore this restaurant. I would go so far as to say that this might be my favorite restaurant in the US. This was the second time I have had the pleasure of dining at the Mesa Grill and it was even better the second time. Every dish was sumptuous and flavorful. Our waiter offered some fantastic suggestions, including the roasted pumpkin soup and cremini mushroom quesadilla. We also enjoyed the gala apple salad, the blue corn pancake, and the special of pork with an apple glaze. . . I particularly like that while this restaurant is located in one of the fancier hotels and is nicely decorated, it is not so formal that you can't just sit back and enjoy yourself. Makes for a very pleasurable dining experience. I shall now make it my goal to visit every Bobby Flay restaurant.
Mesa Grill always delivers. Its not fancy high and food that someone has to teach you to enjoy, its peoples food and flavors.. . *It is pricey though-as with any celebrity chef establishment.
We were doing some strolling through Ceasar's Palace on New Years and, after some light shopping, started to work up a nice appetite. My boyfriend would probably challenge me on my definition of "light" gauging by his lack of jubilance in my shopping endeavors. But this is Ceasars Palace we're talking about here...a shopper's mecca!! Sorry, I digress... now on to the brunch.. . My boyfriend has been to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill NY location and he recommended we try his westcoast counterpart. Sometimes him and I depart on our culinary appraising, but in this instance are thoughts and assessments were in full-fledged alliance. . . There was a 30 minute wait, which wasn't too bad considering it was New Year's weekend and home of culinary/restaurateur extraordinaire, Bobby Flay. I was blown away by their Saturday Brunch (which is served till 3 p.m. on Saturdays & Sundays). Mid-meal, ( I just couldn't wait till the end of brunch) I was already singing -- well, actually texting -- Mesa Grill praises to a few friends and family.. . I went with our server's recommendation and a Mesa Grill favorite brunch item -- the Spicy Chicken & Sweet Potato Hash. It was unforgettable! The blend of poached eggs, savory grilled chicken, sweet potato cubes, bell peppers, salsa and green chile hollandaise was staggering. Pair that with one of their savory bread basket medley items, which is divinity in a basket, and your taste buds will be working full throttle. The fresh-baked jalapeno cornbread muffins, tequila berry scones and raspberry coffee crumb cake squares were delicious! My boyfriend said the scone was the best ever! . . My boyfriend orded the Lamb Cobb Salad and one of their specialty drinks, a whiskey & champagne concoction. A real rarity for my boyfriend to order a salad but I think he gravitated toward the fusion of barbequed lamb, avocado, blue cheese and bacon & buttermilk dressing. He loved it!. . Mesa Grill is truly worth experiencing if you're in Vegas. The swanky southwestern decor and dishes are sensational.  I will sing, text, write and dance Mesa Grill praises for some time to come. Maybe one day I'll try the New York or Bahamas location :-)
Excellent service, amazing food & killer maragaritas... what else could you ask for?. Gala Apple salad was surprisingly amazing--   Had the signature dish pork medallions -- sweet/spicy. ... yum!  Don't let the waiter's rating of 7-8/10 on the spicy scale fool you...yes they had a kick but I've had medium spicy Thai food that was hotter.... huge portions made me unable to finish my entree, so I didn't get dessert.. . Need a reservation for sure.
I am a sucker for great food, and who isn't? But a was a little worried that Mesa Grill could be one of those "just marketing" or "just name" kind of restaurants, as Bobby Flay owns this. That was not the case.. . Mesa Grill delivers the goods. Located in Ceasar's Palace, it does look a little unassuming from the outside, but once you go inside, you get the full perspective, sections and layers of levels make the most of the somewhat limited space. I strongly suggest you make reservations first.. . The service is quite good, with a very knowledgeable waiter, who knows the menu by heart and can guide you and help you make the right decision. . . We started off with the Yucatan Chicken Tacos, the rough cut Tuna Nachos, the Tiger Shrimp with the Roasted Corn Tamale, and a Crab Cake. They were all good, but the Tuna Nachos and the Tiger Shrimp were just superb.. . Our waiter told us that there are two dishes that made this restaurant famous, the Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and the Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon. My friends ordered the Black Angus New York Strip Steak and I ordered the Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. My dish has to be one of the top 10 dishes I've had, period. You would not believe this was pork if they didn't tell you, it was tender and juicy, cooked just right.. . We ate so much that we couldn't finish our dishes even though we tried to.. . I must say, that this place is on the pricier side, but this is Vegas, and this was a memorable meal.. . Make Mesa Grill a stop on your next Vegas trip.
Only four stars for this place? Wow, those people have some hard-to-please taste buds!  I've been here twice and had the coffee-rubbed filet both times and it is in the top few steaks I've ever had.  The sauces that come on the plate are outstanding and add to the steak rather than taking away from it.  The corn-crusted chile relleno side dish is the best relleno i've ever had.  . . I just wish they still had the corn bread pudding.  That was a.ma.zing.
This is the best restaurant I've been to in Vegas.  Make reservations in advance or you may not get in.  Many of the other "famous chef" restaurants in town suffer from quality let-downs.  Bobby Flay's Mesa is the one exception to this.   I have been to this place five times now in the past 5 years and it always wows me.  My two favorite appetizers are the tiger shrimp and corn tamale (a wonderful combination), and the blue corn pancake with BBQ duck.  For entrees, you can't go wrong with the spice rubbed pork tenderloin - very tasty and tender, with a bit of zing.  The fresh fish is also good.  On my last trip we had the grilled dorado - which was tender and flavorful.  For sides, you have to try the grilled brussels sprouts with toasted pecans - even if you don't like brussels sprouts, you'll like these.
Brunch highlight was the Spicy Chicken & Sweet Potato Hash. It was unforgettable! . . Poached eggs, grilled chicken, cubed sweet potatoes, bell peppers, salsa and green chile hollandaise was insane. . . It came with their complimentary bread basket medley, which is divinity in a basket. By now your taste buds are working full throttle. The raspberry coffee crumb cake squares were my fav, but the jalapeno cornbread muffins and tequila berry scones were all delicious!
I go to Vegas once or twice a year and when I go I don't leave without eating at Mesa Grill at Caesar's Palace. My review here is a simple one. Amazing food, great cocktails and kind of pricy. Get an appetizer (Rough cut tuna nachos are to die for) the salmon and the mojito (No, they don't go together, but wow they are good!) and do NOT skip dessert. The deep dish banana cream pie is spot on and will end your meal perfectly. . . Try this place out - you will not regret it!!!
We really love the food here.  It is a little pricey but the food is delicious.  I would highly recommend that you try this place out.  They will also let you look at the Bobby Flay cookbooks at the table if you ask.
I am not a guy who likes trendy restaurants. So, I was apprehensive when our group of 6 selected Mesa Grill for a celebration dinner. Let me just say that everything was as it should be.. . Reservations: on time. Service: The best. Starters: The shrimp tamales are incredible. Main Dish: Fillets, Pork Tenderloin, Tuna were all excellent. Price: Reasonable. . I know this is a Tex Mex restaurant and the food is spiced. My comment to our group was that my fillet was such a great cut of meat and so perfectly grilled that next time I would request no spice rub on it. It would have been perfect on its own.
This restaurant was PHENOMENAL, and I loved the service we got from this restaurant.  A few of us ordered the partida margarita, and it was delicious.  I highly recommend that margarita, and after 2 of those, you will feel good.  We started off with the queso fundido, and it was gone in a few minutes, the dish may or may not have been scraped to complete emptiness.  I ordered the blue mesa burger, it is big enough to split between 2 people, and their seasoned fries were tasty.  Another person at the type ordered the chille burger with some sort of white cheese on it, it was really good.  Burgers are HUGE here and worth every $$$$!  I loved the service, and I will come back when I go back to Vegas.
Bobby Flay really knows how to do some great stuff with corn!  No sooner had we landed in the firey furnace of hell (aka Vegas) then we dashed into Caesar's and were promptly seated at a spacious table at the Mesa Grill.  The complimentary bread basket is like your own private bakery chock full of muffins and rolls and bread sticks and bread...made of different textures and colors of corn and whole grains. I loved the blue corn muffins so much that I ate my husband's and my brothers-in-law's and was tempted to creep my fingers over to the next table and swipe theirs too!. . My husband ordered iced tea which arrived with a tiny glass decanter of simple syrup with which to sweeten it--but don't think they limited your selection to the simple syrup---they also offered all sorts of natural sugars and artificial sweeteners!  I go to nice places on occasion but I can't think of the last time I was so impressed with small details!   I felt like some kind of hillbilly!. . I ordered the fresh fish of the day which was tasty although I don't really remember it as much as the shrimp tamale my husband ordered.  I can hardly wait to go back to Vegas to have another one of those for myself!  One of my brothers-in-law ordered the blue corn buttermilk waffle with blackberry bourbon syrup and vanilla creme fraiche.  I have to say that it was delicious, but it was fourteen dollars, and compared to the other entrees we had at our table with meat and fresh seafood was comparatively priced--therefore overpriced.  I mean a waffle.  For fourteen bucks.  My other brother-in-law ordered the chilaquiles.  Which were also very flavorful and complex.  . . I had never had blue corn before so I bought some Bob's Red Mill blue cornmeal on Amazon and have begun to experiment.  Not quite ready for a Bobby Flay throwdown, however.
Unexpected surprises in excellence won 5 stars and fans for life! . . We went for the bf's birthday as fans already of Bobby Flay and thought it would be good but are happy to say it was GREAT. . . To start we each got a margarita only because it is their specialty drink .... Yum. Wow! And for apps the fundito quest and duck pancake which were both truly fantastic and recommended by our server as favorites. The quest dip was hot and spicy and gooey ... Served on a little skillet, bubbling at the table, we smiled big. "CHEESE." For supper he got the rabbit and I got pork. From the cornbread at the table to my side in a cornhusk .... To the most tender pork I have ever had to the delightful rabbit, we could not have asked for more. . . A funny thing that did happen, just to show the service level, I thought I had found a hair in my meal. It wasn't touching anything, so I just asked to be replated. Well, they came back with a whole new meal and it was from the cornhusk .... Not a human. I kinds felt bad but honestly didn't know. What struck me was there wasn't a second thought to creating a new dish even at my request not to. They aim for excellence and surely got it. . . Love to Bobby Flay and Mesa Grill team. Thanks for making the boyfriend's birthday perfect. We will be back and send all of our Vegas friends.
"F***ing Bobby Flay!" So says Ari Gold from the last season of Entourage. Yup, why's the Grill Master have to have food so good that I keep coming back every time I'm in town? I didn't realize till recently that after all these visits to Mesa, I've never written a review. . . Here are some brunch items I've tried:. Any of the quesadillas they have on the menu. I had the crispy bacon and hash brown quesadilla. . Spicy chicken and sweet potato hash - Good portions and a nice southwest twist on the regular corned beef hash.. Mesa burger - A sign of a good burger for me is one that needs no condiments, is juicy, and has a soft bun. This burger has it.. I'm a sucker for pastries so their brunch bread basket is SOOO delicious. The mini fresh scones were the best!. The cactus pear iced tea was really refreshing as well and not too sweet.. Based on my last waiter's suggestion, I'll have to try the steak and eggs next time.. . Here are my thoughts on dinner items I've tried:. Cremini mushroom quesadilla - I order this every time!. Tiger shrimp corn tamale - Heard great things about it but was only Ok.. New Mexican spiced rubbed pork tenderloin - A very solid choice with just the right amount of heat. Pork is very tender.. Fire roasted veal chop - This is my fav!. I still need to try the bone-in ribeye at some point.. . You can ask for a side of their special chipolte sauce. It's great for dipping with the quesadillas or even your fries. I finish my dinner off usually with the deep dish banana cream pie. Never disappoints and guarantees that I end my dinner on a high note.. . Staff and service are always top notch. There's a side room that can be reserved for larger parties. Beverages are constantly refilled. Margaritas are tasty, but a bit on the pricier side. Food is always solid. Portions are just right. Price is not unreasonable. I'm always satisfied.. . Reservations are recommended.
Great job Bobby Flay! Goat cheese queso, house burger and house bloody Mary the meal was complete all the way through. If you're looking to spend a little more than usual on lunch, please check out Mesa. Worth the money and the wait if there's a line.
Worth thewait to get in. Even with reservations, we had to sit for a bit to get our table but it was no problem.  We started with margaritas which were very, very good.. The tuna nacho appetizer was fantastic. So was the tuna steak entree. The salmon was reported as the best ever made. I had a big ribeye which was excellent. The dessert of banana pudding was super good. Great service, extreme care in the food quality and presentation. . Be warned, when making reservations, they take your credit card # and will charge you $50 per person if you cancel outside their terms.
Went here for NYE and it did not disappoint!  I've been to other iron chef restaurants, but I know they're not actually there cooking, so you can't expect perfection.  However, this place delivered!  For $100, we got a 3 course meal and a very tasty amuse bouche.  We tried the tuna nachos and the blue corn pancake (roasted duck!), both were tasty.  For entrees, I had the pork tenderloin and BF had the ribeye.  My pork tenderloin was so juicy and flavorful!  Best I've ever had.  Ribeye was a little grisly and disappointing.  Don't remember what we chose for dessert because we did about 4 shots of some kind of tequila, but I'm sure it was just as good as everything else.  Nice ambiance and not too "Vegas".
My 3 friends and I came here for our birthday dinners and we still talk about each of those dishes to this day.. . First off make sure to make reservations, this place gets packed and without reservations your just gonna be an on looker of all the amazing food.. . My girlfriend got the Chile rieno, very tasty and looked very pretty.. . I got the rack of lamb.. omg tasted amazing in my mouth.. . Our last friend got the Filet Mignon .  It Was the BEST Filet we have ever tasted and we have gone to some awesome streak restaurants . It had pepper encrusted on the outside and was done to a medium rare. It had a sauce that was pared with it but the meat itself had an amazing taste.. . We have tried to reinvent and copy this dish with no success. our birthdays are coming up in a week and we are heading to vegas again. Looks like for our birthday presents we get to taste this delectable meal again!. . Can't wait!!
4 stars for the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale.  Good but I didnt wow me.. . 5 stars for thehoney glazed salmon.  Best Salmon I had so far.  It was cooked perfectly!!!!
Unbelievable fare.  Soooo good.  We asked our waiter for suggestions and he did not steer us wrong!  Shrimp  Tamale appetizer sets the tone forour meal.  Amazing. Followed by peppered tuna steak.  Definitely indulge in the sides.  We had an amazing (yes I am repeating myself!) corn souffle. No room for dessert, but everything was do delicious and filling it was not needed. I'm definitely coming back.
we ended up here before the elton john concert. we ordered the fundido like we do at all mexican places and it was great. we have to put it up there with the best, ortega's (san diego) and elote cafe (sedona). she had the tenderloin which was amazing. i had the filet. it was really tender, i didnt need a knife. both of our dishes were a lot bigger then what we expected. service was great and the place itself was beautiful.
Outstanding.  Great Service.  The waiter was very knowledgeable about wines, even about  the great zinfandel  that we brought to dinner.  The shrimp tamale was phenomenal, with layered flavors enhancing the perfectly prepared shrimp and corn.  The rabbit paired with israeli cous cous was one of the best dishes I have ever had.  I am not sue how to describe it, other than be sure that someone at your table gets it.. . Mesa Grill is definitely worth the money if you are looking for interesting eats!!!
I'm a big fan of Bobby Flay, Mesa Grill totally fits the personality; Menu a little skimpy but good to serve everyone I suppose; service, one of the best I've seen in action. You have 3  people watching your every need before and after dinner. Everything was served hot, fast and without hesitation go the distance to please the customer. The food was superb, cooked to perfection; taste-orginal, nothing like it in Vegas.
W O W. . I have nothing but amazing things to say about this restaurant. The Filet Mignon is absolutely delicious. Believe me i know my steaks and this is the place to eat for an amazing piece of meat. . . Mesa is actually decently priced considering the quality and taste of the meat. I spent 48.00 on a filet mignon and if it were 75.00 i probably would pay that price to for it. Seriously! Ive eaten here probably about 3 times now and its always a guaranted great meal! The times i have been here i have only eaten the filet mignon so i am not really sure how anything else tastes, the filet isgood enough for me! lol. . Tender, succulent, juicy, lighty crusted I dont know what else you would want in a piece of meat. Perfection!. . I would not recommend big groups to eat here cuz it was a little difficult to get a reservation considering the amount of people we had (8). We were able to make reservations for a friday night luckily and we were in and out very quickly. service was pretty good too, very attentive. . . But if you get the chance eat here! I promise you wont regret it!!!
I hate Bobby flay. I hate his show! screw throw downs! But wait this restaurant was awesome. The decor sucked it was over priced but the food was money! For 95 bones with out tip for lunch it better be! Try the burger and tell me different.
Tiger shrimp and roasted garlic tamales were so yummy.The best lamb chops! So tender and flavorful perfectly cooked and the chimchuri ontop was so good! Loved the banana custard, I'm not a big fan of banana desserts but this made me a convert! Service was impeccable and super fast. Had thee best waitress Athens (spelling?) we ended up having an hourlong convo with her as the restaurant closed, gave us amazing recommendation for more eats around town and some eye opening philosophies were shared such an amazing person! Best part of the meal! Thanks Athena!!
When I found out that two of my friends were going to be getting married in Las Vegas, I immediately turned to my fiance and told him I was going to Mesa Grill, with or without him. Bobby Flay holds a very special place in my heart, so I was not about to miss a chance to dine at one of his restaurants.. . Cut to Vegas: all of our friends were trying to make plans for the first night of what to do in Vegas, and my fiance leaked what our dinner plans were. Oh, Mesa Grill, remember that reservation for 2? Yeah, can you change it for a party of 14? 'K, thanks! But seriously, I love large groups at dinner, it just makes everything so much more enjoyable. We were broken up into two groups (6 and 8), and were across the restaurant from each other, which was okay because we changed our reservations, and they were as accommodating as they could be.. . We ordered a variety of appetizers, and hands down, the best one was the tiger shrimp in garlic cream sauce. The entire table could not stop talking about how great it was. Not to say the other appetizers weren't also tasty, it just that I can't remember what they were because the shrimp was so good.. . Onto the entree. I don't really care for red meat, and you can never go wrong with chicken, but I figured since I was in Vegas, I should try something new. I ordered the Yucatan grouper with Blue Crab succotash sauce. Deliciousness! The best part was, as each person dish came out, we were all drooling, and literally starting passing our plates around so everyone could have a sample of everyone else's dish. . . We were full, but found a way to make some room for this very tasty molten chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream. When we met up with our other table of friends after our dinner, they all looked at me and thanked me for making reservations because their experience was just as satisfying as ours.. . All in all, Mesa Grill was the BEST meal I ever had in my life, from start to finish. Bobby Flay has now ruined me for all other restaurants, celebrity or otherwise. Thank you very much for living up to, and exceeding all of my expectations.
Best restaurant I have ever been to, hands down.  Dinner was incredible.  All of my guests were flabbergasted at how good the meal was.  Soo delicious.  Want to go back to Vegas just to eat there again.
Bobby Flay delivers on Fla-vor! Hands down one of the best meals I've had in a really long time. We were lucky enough to snag a reservation while we were in Vegas, and I'm so glad we did! Here's the breakdown: . . Drinks: A+ . Hottie: A Manhattan with Pappy Van Winkle- He was very excited about it!. Me: Not sure the name, but it had Charbay Grapefruit Vodka, Cranberry Juice, Grapefruit and lime, refreshing and delicious!. . Appetizer: A+. Shared: Goat Cheese and Queso Fundido : Perfect concoction of gewy, salty, and creamy, served with fresh made chips! We had to fight over the last bite. . . Dinner: A- (Didn't taste Hotties) . Hottie: Pork Tenderloin with Sweet potato tamale (He ate every bite!). Me: Mushroom Quesadilla and a side of Brussel sprouts.   The Quesadilla was excellent, but very rich.  The Brussel sprouts I didn't like, they had a weird taste to them that made me cringe, can't put my finger on what it was.  . . Dessert: A+++++++++. Toasted Coconut layer cake: OMG, we can never eat, drink or smell coconut again without thinking about this delicious moist, fabulous cake!  In fact I will never go to Vegas again and not eat that cake...
Fantastic dinner.. . Fantastic chicken thigh tacos. Best piece of chicken I've ever had.. . Fantastic steak with red and green chilies.. . Fantastic margaritas.
Really special Southwest Cuisine. The chicken tacos made a great starter. I also suggest the queso.. it's quite spicy but very good.. . On two occasions, I have ordered the New Mexican Pork Tenderloin.  Wow! Really tasty.  The corn muffins were also great. . . All of the food I have tried here is top notch. The service was really good on my last visit, but once I had a server that was a bit condescending.  No big deal, but the guy had an attitude.. . Overall if you like SW cuisine, try this!
We sat at the bar for a few minutes while we waited for our table.  They have an excellent selection of quality licquors.  I was happy to see a good assortment of whiskeys.. . We started off the meal with the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido.  It was excellent.  By far the best queso fundido I have had maybe ever.. . They bring a good variety of bread to the table.  I am partial to the cornbread.  It has little pieces of jalapeno baked in.. . For my entree I chose the Cascabel Chile Crusted Rabbitt.  It was great.  It comes as a tenderloin and a leg.  The meat was tender, and the sauce added great flavor.  Even the toasted cous cous was tasty.. . This place is always busy.  Book your reservations several days in advance if you have a specific time in mind.
Thank you Restaurant week or would not have known about the menu. Highly recommend making reservations even if it is just for lunch. Everyone here is on point, from the hostess to our server. Ordered his Bloody Mary (spicy and good), the corn bread they serve (unique in taste and of course spicy) We ordered the queso fundido even though we were going to take advantage of the 3 course lunch. The queso fundido is the best cheesiest thing I have ever had( common theme here) comes with blue corn tortillas. For my first course ordered the sweet potato soup (creamy, sweet and spicy), Second course ordered his famous green chile burger with seasoned fries (perfectly seasoned), for dessert was a lemony sorbet with fresh fruit oh so refreshing to cleanse the palatte( and yes slight spice in that sorbet not in a bad way) Overall, we all left this place so uncomfortably full, but my table all agreed by FAR this was the best lunch we had all ever had!!! Bobby Flay is no joke when it comes to his restaurant!! He definitely rains supreme as an Iron chef!!!
Oh my gosh. From start to finish this was by far the best meal I had in Vegas. The cactus pear margaritas are to die for... if only they weren't $14 bucks but I suppose you get what you pay for! I recommend the goat cheese queso fundido & the ahi tuna (cooked & spiced perfectly). Definitely worth the splurge - make it your one expensive meal in Vegas & you won't regret it!
We went there last weekend for lunch and it was an awesome experience. . . Had Spicy Chicken with Mashed Sweet Potato & Benedict eggs, Chile-Honey-Glazed Salmon. Dessert was great too! we had Cocoa layer cake which was totally a highlight for the whole experience!
I've eaten here twice and will continue to make it a regular stop every time I'm in Las Vegas.  Simply put, both times were the best meals I've ever had.  The pork tenderloin is unbelievable.  The blue corn pancake and duck make me happy to be alive.  And the sweet potato tamale sis one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.  Service was excellent.  Wine list is fantastic.  My mouth is watering just writing this review.
This place has easily become part of my top 10 favorite restaurants.  Whatever you decide to eat, you must order these two items on the menu: . 1. Shrimp with sweet corn tamale. 2. Spice rubbed pork tenderloin (cooked medium). These dishes were out of this world, crazy good.  I can't even describe it, but you will know with your first bite.  Truly foodgasmic!   Even the side of mashed potatoes was amazing!  We also had a side of tamale with spiced butter which was soooooo yummy!  The food here was one of the most memorable experiences I've ever had and will definitely return here the next time I'm in Vegas.
We hold higher standards for Mesa Grill because of Bobby Flay.  The question can he rise to the challenge.  The answer is "yes."  Mesa Grill adds little touches to their food that finishes the dish.  Ice tea with simple lemon syrup, the haberno/ star anise sauce on Blue Corn Pancakes, Jalapenos on some awesome corn bread.  The only complaint is my duck was way over cooked for the Blue Corn Pancake.  Otherwise, service was incredible and food was good.  We will definitely be back to Mesa.
Wow! Amazing food...at a cost. I went here with a group of five on a Thursday night and we walked in and were seated after maybe a two minute wait. . . I got the pork tenderloin and it was fantastic. I was hesitant (because I'm kind of cheap) to spend $38 on a dish with no sides, starters or booze, but it was worth it. I'm taking my wife here when we go to Vegas later this summer.. . The other guys raved about their food (and we eat at a lot of nice places) and said it was some of the best food they've had. There was tuna, pork, and steak...all of it was great.
Bobby Flay is genius with food!  Had the lunch Salmon and thought every bite was a fantastic explosion of flavor!  YUM!!!!  Delicious food and the staff was super nice too!. Highly recommend this place in both Vegas and New York.  You will not be disappointed if you like food with flavor!!!!
Such a great experience. I highly recommend Mesa Grill at Cesars Palace. The wait staff was super friendly and extremely professional. After check-in, the hostess referred us to the bar while our table was prepared. As soon as we stepped into the bar, our drink orders (bar tab can be transferred to the table, way cool) weretaken.  At the table our waiter was very knowledgable, friendly, and professional. We ordered the roasted sweet potato soup, and blue pancake (more like a crepe) with roasted duck with bbq sauce. Both appetizers were great. Our main course was New Mexico Spiced Pork Tenderloin, Lamb Chops, and Roasted Cauliflower Gratin with Pablano Chile, with wine pairing for each main dish. It was an amazing culinary experience!
This might be my second favorite restaurant of all-time (second to Bobby Flay's Bar Americain in New York) and I've been fortunate enough to enjoy this restaurant a few times - twice for brunch and once for a group dinner.. . Brunch has some AWESOME Bloody Mary's! I thought the menu provided a good mix of choices and loved the huevos rancheros and burger I had on my brunch visits.. . The group dinner was for a girls' weekend and it was the first time any of us had eaten here. We had a mix of all types of eaters and everyone loved their meals! We all ordered different things and passed forks around the table to sample each others entrees. It was such a fun atmosphere and great group dinner!. . Don't forget to check out the drink specials - there are some awesome margaritas on the menu!
Loved it. The food was yummy, the service was great, and the little bread basket was the highlight of the meal with the jalapeno cheese biscuits..yummy
Had brunch here yesterday and only waited about 15 mins for seats at the bar, otherwise it wouldve been a 1+hr wait. Had the spicy chicken and potato hash which was amazeballs! Moderately priced dishes helped after donating at the tables the night before too.
This was my first visit to Mesa Grill Las Vegas. Always been a BIG fan of the NYC location. Everything seemed quite similar to the Manhattan version, but on a grander scale, as expected - exceptional decor, trendy crowd and solid menu. Quite overpriced (well above NYC prices), but I hear all the nice spots in Vegas are like this so that when the high rollers get comped they feel like they got a great value haha.. . Food maintains the highest standard, starting with the awesome jalapeno bread and cornbread. I got the grouper topped with crab meat and cherry tomatoes, simply phenomenal. Chorizo/goat cheese tamale was a nice side.. . My boss and a co-worker enjoyed the tuna immensely (medium rare).  Shrimp appetizer was also very good.
My husband and I were excited to give Mesa Grill Las Vegas a try, since we have long been Bobby Flay/Food Network fans.. . There was no disappointment.  Though the place was packed, the service was impeccable and EVERYTHING we ordered was firstrate, right down to the bread and the wine.  The husband ordered the New Mexican spice-rubbed pork tenderloin and I had coffee-rubbed filet mignon.  Both a little spicy but not overpowering, and perfectly prepared. The server recommended the corn side dish and we both were pleasantly surprised by its flavor and texture. Corn isn't  something I'd typically choose when dining out.  Glad I trusted the server. YUM!. . For dessert, we had the best banana cream pie -- not really a pie, but wonderful.  From beginning to end this was one fabulous meal.
Wow! My mouth was partying it up this weekend at Mesa Grill, holy eff.. . So my girls and I decided to just buy a bunch of appetizers and split them all. Portions are a bit small, but I expected that out of an establishment like this. . ________________________________________. Gala Apple Salad - literally little chunks of apples. . Smoked Chicken & Bean Quesadilla - yum!. . Yucatan Chicken Tacos - the chicken was smoked & flavorful. plus it's paired with a peanut smoked bbq sauce which is out of this world! . . Rough-Cut Tuna Nachos - think of tuna tartar, its a platter of tuna and then a little bowl of chips. Honestly though the tuna is amazing by itself, and it a has a spicy kick to it. (I highly suggestordering this one!). . Chorizo Meatballs - honestly, anything with chorizo is amazing. . Cremini Mushroom Quesadilla - fontina, ricotta cheese, salsa verde and too top it off... a fried egg! (I highly suggest ordering this too, beyond flavorful, juicy & makes your tastebuds go crazzzzY). _________________________________________. Our server Michael rocked! Apparently he has been there since the opening of the Vegas establishment, so he is VERY informative of items on the menu, drinks and what not. He will even give you a mini story of Bobby Flay and answer any questions you may have. All the employees were so kind and helpful with all our needs & requests. I will be coming back here next time I'm in Vegas for some more appetizers, it's just enough to get your night started!. . Side note: They only hold reservations for 15 mins & your entire party must be there to be seated.
FULL DISCLOSURE: I watch Food Network, I enjoy Iron Chef, and some might consider me a "Foodie" (of course, I got super-excited about the Doritos Locos Taco at Taco Bell, so take that forwhat you will).. . FOOD:. I have been here twice now and both times have been excellent, easily within the top 3 meals I've ever tasted. The most wonderful thing there that I put in my face was the mushroom-fontina quesadilla, which was topped with ricotta, salsa verde, a fried egg, and garnished with cilantro. IT IS AMAZING. I've also tasted the Chorizo Meatballs - why is this not a full entree with pasta?; the ribeye - So much flavor; the filet mignon - it just melts in your mouth; the Yucatan Chicken Tacos - grilled chicken, grilled, onions, mint, cilantro, and a delicious peanut chile BBQ sauce; the roasted corn side dish - just wow. I've also had some other previous sides and appetizers from my previous visit, which were all extremely tasty. Oh!, and the bread basket they bring to the table has a jalapeno cheese bread, raisin molasses (I think), and a spicy cornbread muffin.. . DRINKS:. I've had a couple tequila and whisky based cocktails, and all were great. This last time I had a rye whiskey cocktail that had champagne and orange peel, which was one of the better whiskey drinks I've had.. . SERVICE: Attentive and professional.
I come here everytime I'm in Vegas.  Every dish is excellent! The blue corn muffins are delicious!
This is the best food that I have eaten in Vegas- I mean in a city filled with Bacon and Butter- this place has some QUAILITY dishes. We loved the buzz and vibe as we walked in. Make sure to have a reservation here- it is that type of place.. . We ordered the corn tamale app- and I do not like Tamales but I loved this one.. . We also shared a delicious filet mignon that has an amazing coffee crust- gotta try it!. . By far- an amazing place to chow down in Vegas!
One of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas.  Appetizer: Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale. Full of flavor. Cooked perfectly.  The only downside is that I was sharing it with two other people.. . Entree: New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin + Sweet Potato Tamale.  I could have taken it spicier, but it was delicious none-the-less.  I did not want this meal to end.
My friend really wanted to try out one of Bobby Flay's restaurants so we decided to go here while in Vegas.  We arrived around 7pm and their first reservation time for two people wasn't until 9:45pm but we were only in town for about one whole day so we took it.  We hung outside of Caesar's at a bar while we waited for our table and when we showed up at 9:30pm, we finally got seated.  We split a fantastic bottle of the cheapest red zinfandel we could find on the menu and it was well worth the $40!  We shared the queso fundito as an appetizer and it was really great.  The addition of the goat cheese gave it a nice tangy bite and cut the richness just enough.  I ordered the salmon for dinner and it was great as well - cooked perfectly with a nice crust on the outside.  We got some collared greens as a side and they were garlicy and tasty.  Overall it was a good meal and I have to give Bobby some props...even though he seems like kind of a creep in real life.  Well done!
The restaurant ambiance is very understated nothing fancy. The staff was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.. So we started out with the margarita (perfect) and the chorizo meatball appetizer, zesty, deliciousness. I ordered the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin, hubby ordered the Rib eye and we shared a side of their corn charred.....I don't remember what they called it but I'll just call it Damn Good Corn! Hubby's steak was huge, I think 22 oz. It was cooked to perfection, my pork tenderloin was supercalifragelisticexpyaladocious.. Ok enough stop reading and get your butt to this restaurant you won't be sorry.
I once believed that the In N Out cheeseburger was the pinnacle of burger cuisine and that it could not be topped. In fact, if I were on death row and the time had come to request my last meal, I used to be the In N Out double double animal-style.. . Chef Bobby Flay's Green Chile burger trumps In N Out in every way. Finally, a restaurant burger that's actually worthy of being called a restaurant burger. This burger is just bursting with awesome juicy flavor. So damn good. I'm going to get it every time I'm in town now.. . Oooh. Also the goat cheese queso fundido is probably the best appetizer I've ever had too. Can't recommend it highly enough!
Living in Las Vegas gives us access to top notch food by brillant chefs but we've never had better food than Mesa Grill and that includes a very recent visit to Gordon Ramsey Steak and Oscars Beef Booze and Broads.. On Christmas Eve several years ago we walked out of Rao's and went to Mesa who. saved our Christmas Eve !!!. Bravo to Bobby Flay !!!
This was the very best restaurant I have been to.  The food was making our mouths orgasm from the wonderful flavors.  I cannot imagine dining anywhere else, love watching FoodNetwork and Bobby Flay.  Nothing about this place let us down one bit.  Would eat here again in a heartbeat, I can honestly say I haven't dined at such an expensive place, but don't regret it for one second.  The flavors suck you in and let you navigate and explore food flavors like you haven't before.
Great food. My wife had the grouper, which was one of the BEST fish dinners either of have had.....ever. Lost a star because the bartender we had while waiting was clueless. Will go to the one in NY when I get home.
I have to do Mesa Grill every time I'm in Las Vegas.  Bobby Flay does not disappoint.  My favorite cocktail of all time is the black widow mojito.  The filet is fantastic.  All the sides are yummy.  Even the bread basket is hearty and unique (the blue and yellow cornbread muffin is so delish!).. . I'm not so sure about the desserts at Mesa Grill.  I've only had 1 dessert here (I don't even remember what I ordered, but I think it was something with chocolate in it) and I can't say I was blown away.  The entrees and sides, on the other hand, are amazing!
I was really excited to go to this place because Bobby Flay owns it. I had the tuna steak and it was really really good. I never expected that tex-mex can get this good! The service was a little slow though but I'm willing to overlook it for the quality of food.
All the food were prepared so well including the bread basket.
What an incredible experience! I say experience because from beginning to end...wow! Amazing! Bobby Flay and his team there are Gods! The hubby had the sweet potato soup to start and enjoyed it...just the right amount of kick! I started with the black bean n chicken quesadilla...so yummy! I ahd the tuna steak n cous cous for my entree and I have never had a more tender tuna steak in mylife! Hubby had the veal steak and tomale. He loved it (it was delicious! ) The bread basket they give you...the corn muffins were not sweet and I typically don't care fot not sweet corn muffins but these were the best ever! Again this was the best experience we have ever had! Just awesome!
I have an insane foodie crush on Bobby Flay's flavors, so this review may be colored by that fact. But hey, if you like Southwestern flair even a little bit, you cannot possibly go wrong with this restaurant.. . We ordered a ton of food. Most delicious and memorable was the lobster street tacos (three tiny little nuggets of heaven, and the pickled habanero relish on top was fantastic). Also delicious and memorable: my chile relleno (Who batters it with cornmeal batter and stuffs it with eggplant? Bobby Flay does. Swoon.), mom's sweet potato soup appetizer (silky smooth, perfect flavors), and the quesadilla appetizer. I got a white peach virgin margarita, too, and it was DELICIOUS.. . Dessert was sticky toffee pudding (not really Southwestern, ha), and it was very tasty, though a little too boozy. Cornish Pasty Co. of Tempe, AZ still has it beat, but it was definitely a good pud.
Ok super expensive but worth it! I got the chile rellano for my main course as well as a white peach margarita which was sooo good. The rellano was prety perfect as well, but the best part of the meal was the tiger shrimp appetizer.
I brought my honey to Vegas last week and introduced him to the Mesa Grill.  He liked it so much that he asked me to cancel my reservations for the next evening and to just make another reservation here.  So, we ate there two nights in a row.  We have no shame.. . The first night, we had goat cheese queso fundido and the lamb porterhouse, with cactus pear margaritas, and shared two desserts - the coconut cake and the chocolate bread pudding.. . The queso fundido was even better than I remembered it.  I *love* this appetizer.  I could not get every little bit of cheese off the iron dish and that made me sad.   . . The lamb was probably thebest lamb we've ever had (and I'm a connoisseur of lamb, it is one of my favorite dishes.  The marinade was perfect - just a hint of mint and a hint of vinegar, not overwhelming at all, and I kept trying to sop up every little bit from my plate.  You get two thick steaks with the order, quite red in the center but absolutely delicious.  It comes with a goat cheese / chorizo tamale which is pretty good (not as good as the shrimp tamale appetizer but still good).. . The margaritas were good, but aside from being pink I didn't discern any particular flavor other than your normal lime margarita flavor.. . Of the desserts we liked the coconut cake a lot but weren't too keen on the bread pudding as it was very bitter.  The coconut cake was a very large portion, easily split between 2-3 people.. . Our server on the first night was excellent.. . The second night we ordered the queso fundido again along with the duck pancake for appetizers.  I had the lamb again, my honey had the ribeye.  We skipped dessert and drinks.  The duck pancake we didn't find that exciting - it reminded my honey of barbeque pulled pork that we had recently but for much cheaper.  It tasted fine but you can do much better here.  The ribeye was good, honey was happy with it - though we both preferred the lamb.. . Our server the second night was fine but nothing standout.  I think he actually disappeared partway through the meal and got replaced by someone else.. . I am upping my rating to 5 stars even though there were a few duds on the menu because between the lamb, queso fundido, shrimp tamale and the coconut cake one can get an amazing 5 star meal.
Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is exceptional and unpretentious.  I've had lunch there twice, and been extremely pleased each time.  The prices are very reasonable (for a Las Vegas celebrity restaurant), and flavors jump off of the plate.. . My most recent meal there was a corn and shrimp tamale appetizer and a chicken and sweet potato hash topped with poached eggs.  The tamale was the best I've ever had.  If you're there, you have to get a margarita or two; they're incredibly fresh tasting, and really make the tequila shine.. . I will eat at Mesa Grill each time I'm in Las Vegas.
one of my favorite restaurants in the world! flavors were so amazing and the assorted bread basket was delicious! a MUST!!
Even though Bobby Flay is one the more arrogant chefs on Food Network (what chef isn't though?) I still love his food, I've been to his burger joints in NY and wanted to give this restaurant a try. . . We had to order the margaritas since we were told they were phenomenal. My husband had the house margarita and I had the peach margarita and they were really good. For an appetizer, we got the goat cheese queso fundido with blue chips, DELICIOUS!!! I ordered the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with bourbon-ancho chile sauce. Sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter and my husband had "the most expensive steak on the menu" aka black angus new york strip steak and both were phenomenal! . . Our sides were mashed potatoes, roasted corn with creme fraiche and green onions (waiter's recommendation). . When making reservations, we wanted to see if it was ok to bring our daughter who was 9 months, they were very catering to it. Make reservations early, sometimes you won't get a reservation until 10pm! . . The meal came to about $190 for 2 people, but completely worth it. Mr. Flay, you are a genius, that is all.
Service was top notch.  We wanted for nothing. The bread was great, the fundido was awesome, we both loved our entrees.  The steak was like butter and almost didn't need a knife to cut it. The pork tenderloin was cooked perfect. The sweet potato tamale was like a dessert it was so good.  The bread pudding was out of this world.  We did not leave one single piece of food on any plate that left our table.  I had no qualms about the price of the meal when the check came.  I will go again and again until I have had everything on the menu!
This place is good. The staff is friendly and not fake. The food is good. Casual atmosphere..
BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST DINING EXPERIENCES IN MY LIFE. Unforgettable!. . Even if Will Smith "flashy thinged" me like in Men In Black.. I would remember the pear cactus margarita and the rabbit entree I had at Mesa Grill.. . The flavors are unlike anything your average home cook can put together. AND THAT MY FRIENDS is why people should be dining out in the first place. How many times do you go out to eat and think "I can make this at home". I know I do, a lot! Most of the time its about being waited on and the atmosphere. Well at Mesa Grill, it is about all of the above. . . The duck quesadilla was split and I literally only got one bite (as did the other 2 at the table with me) but it was so worth it. All of our eyes lit up when we put the fork into our mouthes. The coffee rubbed steak, the pork tenderloin as well as my rabbit was all so delicious.. . Word to the wise: just dont cancel your reservation, there is a $75.00 fee if you need to cancel the day of past 3 pm. We didn't, just were warned. :)
Dinner was amazing!   We have also eaten at Emeril's New Orleans Fish House, which was good, but Mesa Grill was AMAZING!  In the celebrity chef throw down, Bobby Flay beat Emeril hands down!  . . The decor was upscale approachable.  You could wear nice jeans and a nice shirt and feel comfortable here.  I only wish it were not right in the casino.  Although the restaurant is beautifully decorated with nice details, if you look  beyond the glass windows, you could see the betting monitors.  Mesa Grill needs a better location...maybe in the Forum near Spago's where the view is much nicer. . . My friend and I started with Blue Corn Lobster Tacos appetizer.   The order gives three mini tacos, but wow!  Those little guys are packed with flavor!!  I could eat 20 of those!  Not for that price though.  Haha.. . We each ordered an entree and splitted them.  My Coffee-Rubbed Filet Mignon was spectacular.  It was cooked perfectly, melt in your mouth tender, and so full of depth from the coffee rub.  The mushroom-ancho chili sauce was the perfect rustic accompaniment with its rich, deep flavors.. . My friend's entree of New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin was out of this world!  I have never eaten a pork tenderloin like that.  It was still pretty pink, but I trusted that Bobby Flay knew what he was doing and wouldn't give me salmonella.  Well, I'm glad I went for it, because that pork was as tender as the filet mignon.  I seriously could not tell the difference in tenderness between the too.. . For dessert, we shared the Chocolate Pretzel Tart.  For me, the best part of that dessert was the spicy peanut butter ice cream that came with it.  The heat was not a smack in the face type of heat, but rather a slow warm heat in the back of your throat.  The tart was a pretzel cylinder with a pool of chocolate sauce.  In the "moat" was what tasted like a flourless chocolate cake.  Delicious!  . . Overall, what I really liked was Bobby  Flay's command of spices.  If something was described as spicy, it was always a deliberately controlled amount of spiciness that just slowly warmed the back of your throat and lingered.  it was a beautiful orchestration of flavors blending into a perfect symphony.   Truly amazing.
Whatever you do, GET THE LOBSTER TACOS!!!. . I don't even like seafood but OMG THOSE TACOS!! the bread basket is also definitely something to write home about - I indulged in a refill =) . . The main event was the famous pork tenderloin.  Honestly, it was good.. but there was no "wow factor."  The sauce is actually overpoweringly sweet while the pork itself could use a slight kick of spice.  . . Staff was very friendly and I really like the look of the place.  I'll be back to give something else a shot... if not just for those lobster tacos and bread!
I tend to stay away from restaurants that have a celebrity chef attached to it.  I wondered how much time did Bobby Flay actually spend in this restaurant?  I admire Bobby Flay and I have had some of the dishes he inspired and like what he does with flavors.  I figured Mesa would be a safe bet when I was asked to choose the place for a group of six.. . It was better than safe, it was excellent.  The service was excellent.  The gruop wasn't in a rush, and the waitress didn't rush us.  She spent a lot of time asnwering questions without a hit of annoyance.  . . I had the coffee rubbed Filet Mignon and it is probabyl the best steak I have ever had.  I didn't need a steak knife, it fell apart.  There was something about the coffee rub that is going to compell me to go through hsi cookbooks in hopes I find what exactly is in it.. . Other notable items on the table were Goat Cheese Queso Fundido, heirloom tomato salad.  Both were excellent.  The side of mashed potatoes was really good.  . . This is a top notch restaurant!
Based on yelp reviews, I planned out my meal based on what I read that people had success with at Mesa Grill.   I didn't want to eat a very heavy meal so I had the following: a margarita on the rocks with salt, roasted corn soup, smoked chicken and black bean quesadilla, and strawberry and gooseberry shortcake for desert.  The food was excellent, and so was the service.  I would highly recommend eating here when you visit Ceasars.
Our experience at Mesa Grill was wonderful. We started with the smoked chicken tacos for my husband and the chicken and black bean quesadilla for me. Hubby loved the spicy BBQ sauce on his tacos. We thought the portions were big and could have easily shared either of them. A selection of bread was offered before the meal.. . For entrees, I got the pork tenderloin and hubby got the filet. He said it was perfect and ate every bite. We are big steak eaters so we know a good (and bad) steak when we see one. The pork was delicious and perfectly cooked to medium, but the ancho-chile sauce was a little spicy for me. The only disappointment we had was we were too full for dessert.. . Service was great and the pace was nice, we never felt rushed even though the restaurant was very crowded on a Saturday night. The hostesses were not rude or crabby, just very busy. The cocktails were very strong--had to have hubby finish mine for me.  Hubby can't wait to go back to Vegas just to eat here again.
Amazing Tex-Mex. I was a bit skeptical since I was traveling from Texas... where... there is a lot of Tex-Mex.. . Nope- this place exceeded my expectations and then some. I got their house margarita. It was the best margarita I have ever had! The tequila was amazing, and the tequila mixer was fresh and not too sweet.. . For my entree I had the pork tenderloin, which was fantastic. I usually don't order pork tenderloin because it is too dry and tasteless. This one was actually tender and juicy! The sauce was not too overpowering and blended great with the rest of the dish. . . This was worth every penny. It is in Caesar's Palace, so if you're on the strip you might as well make a reservation!
I love Bobby Flay and his restaurants. This place is amazing. Went there for brunch one day and left pretty tipsy and craving more of those amazing margaritas. The cactus pear margarita was amazing, as long as you can handle a pink drink. My meal, the sweet potato and chicken hash, was fantastic and spicy, just as I thought it would be at this southwest inspired restaurant. The service was super friendly and just a great experience overall.
Before hitting  Vegas I read a lot of reviews on the Mesa Grill.  I could not understand all the complaints about the service... just could not see Bobby Flay owning a place with low standards.  The service was awesome... from the hostess to the waiter.  I'd expect it to be so... I just had to log a good experience.  The food, by the way, was delicious.  My son and I both had Tiger Shrimp Tamales as appetizers, based on Michael Symon's "Best Thing I Ever Ate in Vegas".  They lived up to the hype.  I really enjoyed the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich... but not nearly as much as my son loved the Smoked Shrimp Tacos.  He wasn't as excited about coming to Mesa Grill in the first place, but he raved about these.  So,  yes, this is a pricey place... but it was absolutely worth it for us.  The service could not have been better.
This was a great find, thanks to my friend & yelp! It is a bit pricey but worth it if you're looking for amazing quality and flavor and great service! I had the pork tenderloin, which I never get since it always comes out dry but this was cooked perfectly, med rare and so so much flavor. . . Try Mesa Grill, you won't regret it!
Maybe the best dinner of my life.. . My husband and I ate dinner there with my sister and brother in law back in September.  . . I was anticipating that it would be expensive, and it was.  It was also totally worth it.  My husband had the side of corn for something like $8, and I thought "Eight dollars for corn?!".  And then I tried it.  And it was amazing.. . He had the tuna steak and I had the quesadilla appetizer as my entree, and it was so rich and delicious I needed help finishing it.. . My sister and brother in law ate off a prix-fix menu, and were very pleased with theirs as well.. . I will say that the service was slower than I had anticipated, though to be fair it was a Saturday night.  The food was absolutely outstanding.  Would love to go here again, and the food is definitely good enough to warrant the price tag.
This has to be my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I go everytime I am in Vegas and I am never dissapointed.  Love their queso and they have awesome cocktails!
Took the family there.  Always wanted to try flay's food.  It did not disappoint.  We had the ribs, pancake, and chicken skewers as appetizers.  All were tasty.  The only concern I have is the size of the pancake...too small to share.. . As for entrees, we had the pork loin, veal chop, and Chille Relleno.  All were fantastic!  Seasoning and flavors were wonderful.  Loved the food.  May come back the next time we are in town. . . Service was good...place was a bit noisy...hard to talk.  Other than that, it was a great experience.
I have been to Mesa Grill time and time again, and have never once been disappointed. Tonight was no different. Super Great. I had the pear margarita, the queso funido, and the pork tenderloin. Phenominal. The service also excellent. The interior interesting. Cost around $100 per couple.Top Notch.
Everyone knows that this is Bobby Flay's restaurant and I am extremely sad that it took this long to make it here.  We had a reservation and were seated immediately.  The server was great and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time.. . Dishes:. Rough cut tuna "nachos": This was a very tasty dish.  You get a lot of tuna, and it was very fresh.  The sauces at Mesa are all delicious.  None of it was too spicy (I love spicy, g/f not so much).. . Blue Corn Pancake: I personally liked the nachos better.  There was nothing wrong with the pancake, it was good, just not as good as the tuna.. . New Mexican Spiced Rub Tenderloin: This was the best tenderloin I've ever had.  I'm not exactly sure how they get it so tender with so much flavor.  Our waitress said it was the most popular (and spicy) dish on the menu.  It was moderately spicy but extremely delicious.. . Fire Roasted Veal Chop: This had excellent flavor and another highly recommended dish.  It was large, tender, and the char on it was perfect.  . . Roasted Corn Side Dish: Another delicious dish.  We were told this was a summer only dish which is sad because I would say it ties or beats Joe's Steak and Crab for the best I've had. . . Banana Cream Pie: For dessert we had the banana cream pie.  It was an interesting take on the classic and was very good.  It wasn't heavy which made it nice after eating the previous dishes.. . We also both got specialty cocktails which were excellent.
Having dined at Mesa for dinner before, we decided to stop in for lunch to grab a burger.  Mesa totally rocked the house with one of the best burgers I've ever had.  It was flavored to perfection and juicy as can be.  Our caesar salad to start was also excellent.  The star of the lunch, however, were the Margaritas.  Mesa doesn't fool around with fillers and packaged ingredients and the quality shines through starting with the Tequilla and the fresh squeezed lime juice.  It was a smooth as you could imagine.
Bobby Flay is hands down one of my favorite chefs so I had visit his joint. Everything was perfection from start to finish. His dishes all full of flavor, we ordered everything ranging from steak to fish to chicken to duck, no complaints from anyone in our group. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal at Mesa Grill. My first experience was the location in the Bahamas when I realized they had a location in Vegas I had to have it again. I think the one in Vegas a bit more vibrant and colorful, but both are amazing. Definitley check it out if you are in Vegas or Bahamas you won't regret it!
I feel inclined to give this place a good review a year after eating here because of a recent trip to Vegas with a HORRIBLE experience at a different fancy restaurant. That said- Mesa Grill has given me one of the BEST meals of my life. Go there. Eat something amazing. You won't regret it!
This place is great! I mean great! I have long been a fan of Bobby Flay. Since I am a die hard Food Network fan I have had the opportunity to see a lot of Bobby. I like his style and I really like the fact that he incorporates a lot of different chiles and southwestern flavors into his food.. . I came here with my wife Shelly and two of our best friends. So we decided to try several different items.. . We started with the appetizer of the Barbecued Ribs that are finished in apeanut chipotle sauce. Lip smackin' good! Very flavorful and cooked perfectly. We next moved to the Blue Corn Pancake with bbq'd Duck and was finished with a habenero star anise sauce. Very good. It was small so we each got one bite but we enjoyed it nonetheless. We also enjoyed the Blue Corn Lobster Tacos. These were fantastic!! The flavors were spot on and this was my favorite appetizer. Last but not least was the Burrata and Grilled Radicchio salad. Not bad but not spectacular either.. . For the entrees we ordered three of them. I ordered the Fire Roasted Veal Chop. Shelly and I split this dish. This was finished with a maple-horseradish glaze and got a "wow" reception from the entire table. I love veal and this did not disappoint. I ordered it medium rare and it came cooked to perfection. My buddy Dave ordered the Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon that was finished in a mushroom-ancho chile sauce. This also received rave reviews (I had this on my previous visit) and was cooked to perfection as well. Fork tender and flavorful. Our friend Brenda ordered the Cornmeal Crusted Chile Rellano. This was stuffed with roasted eggplant, manchego cheese and then topped with a sweet red pepper sauce and balsamic vinegar. This dish was outstanding. This may have been the least enticing dish for me but was very memorable for the outstanding textures and flavors. I tend to go more toward meat dishes when I dine out but I would not hesitate to order this on my next visit. It was that good!. . For the sides we had the Roasted Corn with chipotle aioli, lime and cotija cheese. Awesome!  We also had the mashed potatoes with the green chile queso sauce. This was spectacular as well.. . This was my second visit to Mesa Grill and I was just as wowed as my first. If you like Bobby Flay and his take on southwestern food this place is not to be missed.. . As a side note...what made this a most enjoyable experience was the company that I was with. Great friends and great food cannot be overstated.
Love to come here for the huge and delicious rib eye steak.  The lamb chops are great also.  For the dessert try the custard.
Bobby Flay hit it out of the park with this one (like we expected anything less). The food was fantastic and the staff was awesome! yes, it's a bit pricy, but it's Vegas, everything is going to be pricy.. . HOT TIP: Try Mesa for lunch - its easier to get in and lunch entrees are not too pricy (compared to dinner).
Oh Bobby Flay, you truly deserve to be an iron chef.  Had the NY steak and it was so so delicious.  Hubby had the rib eye and just the look of it made me want to eat it all.  The corn thingy side was so good, as was the mashed potatoes.  The fundito was really good too, as were the chicken skewers.  Not really crazy for the tamales though.  But regardless, the service and the food were so good, and the price wasn't as bad as I thought it might be so go Bobby!!!
Been here a number of times, but finally made it for brunch and you can just tell that it's Bobby Flay's favorite meal, the quesadilla appetizer was incredible and the corned beef hash was just awesome.
Celebrated  my 60 th Birthday here tonight. What a fabulous meal! We had the Shrimp Tamale, to die for and, a Duck Taco, equally as good. My husband had the Green Chili Choppino and I had the rabbitt.  What a first class meal. Service was impeccable! Decore is beautiful. Maragritas arn't bad either!
Being in Vegas makes me always want to do something up whether its betting high, hitting a good club, or splurging on a one damn good meal. This trip we chose to do it up by going to Mesa Grill because 1) we LOVE Food Network and 2) we enjoy watching Bobby Flay. . . Upon arrival, we were greeted warmly by the host and within 5 minutes were seated. Our waiter then came to take our drink order and provided the house recommendations. . . For drinks, we went for the Mesa Margarita which was very nice and refreshing.. . For appetizer, we ordered the house specialty Blue Corn pancake with BBQ duck. It was VERY good and it made my wife a duck eater now which she wasn't before having experienced duck at another restaurant but didn't like so much. It had a great BBQ flavor and the blue corn pancake looked like a crepe and worked nicely together. It was great but $15 for one duck pancake was a little steep. . . For entree, I ordered the house specialty Pork Tenderloin which was absolutely phenomenal. I'm so happy I ordered this dish because it was banging with flavor throughout the entire dish and every bite...melt in your mouth tenderloin!! Smokey and full of flavor! . . My wife ordered the chipotle bone-in rib eye medium rare which she enjoyed but she definitely liked the pork tenderloin much better.  . . For a side, we ordered the roasted corn that had cotija cheese aka mexican cheese, a creamy sauce and OMG it was sooo DELICIOUS and a great compliment to our dishes. Again, lots and lots of flavor in this side dish!. . We really enjoyed this restaurant and would definitely be back...after we try Gordon Ramsy's Steak restaurant. ;)
I have been to Mesa Grill before for dinner so I wanted to try it for lunch during this trip because Bobby Flay is known for his burgers and it didn't disappoint. Huge burger with melted cheese and it was fantastic.  The onions were a little much but nothing that couldn't be fixed quickly.  I was really surprised by how great the fries were! . . Definitely put this on your list of restaurants to hit up with you are in town, whether it be for lunch or dinner.
Mango + Spice Crusted Tuna  Steak  just  melts in your  in your mouth.
I usually like my reviews to be short and concise but this evenings experience needs details..  My wife and I were always fans of Bobby Flay from the recipes he creates on The Food Network and were anxious to try the real thing. We did not have a reservation(I recommend that you do).We arrived at 4:40pm, 20 minutes before their advertised opening time. After being told we could not get a table until 10:00 pm, they offered us a seat at the bar were we able to order from there. This is where our evening began to become exceptional..  Our bartender/waiter Efren, outside of the food was to become our highlight of the evening. As always when dining at a new restaurant I rely heavily on our server for recommendations. Efren was perfect from our cocktail (margarita) to and including our dessert. His patience, warm personality and ability to find exactly what we would enjoy was "spot on"..  We started with a classic margarita where our servers inquisition of our tastes paid off. A little pricy but well worth it. (Fresh squeezed lime juice and a generous pour) .  First course from the appetizer menu:BARBECUED RIBS with Peanut Chipotle Sauce + Green Onion - Peanut Relish $15. SOUTHWESTERN SPICE CHICKEN SKEWERS Mint, Butter Lettuce, Cilantro + New Mexico Chile Sauce $15. Shared we both loved the flavours. My wife thought the ribs could have been a little more juicy. The chicken was served with small corn tortilla wraps to make some small soft taco from the chicken skewers.. Our main course, again shared: GRILLED LAMB PORTERHOUSE CHOPS Blackberry - Cascabel Barbecue Sauce + Collard Greens with Smoked Chiles $44 and ANCHO CHILE-HONEY GLAZED SALMON. Spicy Black Bean Sauce + Roasted Jalapeno Crema $32 with sides. Roasted Corn Chipotle Aioli, Lime +Cotija Cheese, Mashed Potatoes. + Green Chile Queso Sa.... perfection..  Could it get any better? I was excited to try a Bobby Flay dessert. Known for his use of chocolate and spice I had to have the Sticky Toffee Pudding. Not really a pudding but more of a cake and not on the advertised Menu. Sweet, salty and oh so good..  If you are like me and usually avoid reading lengthy reviews and skip to the last summation...Eat Here! Do not be afraid to sit the bar and tell Efren I sent you.
Had lunch, knew it was impossible to get dinner reservation. Hubby and I wanted to try everything on menu but he ordered the chicken hash and I had shrimp tacos. He loved his, it was pretty to look at and filling. My tacos came with sauces (mango and habanero) and guacamole.  And all I can say is wow!! Adding those sauces and guacamole to tacos, soooo good. I wished I could have taken the sauces home but waiter told me they have it for sale. :) overall, great food, will definitely come back.
I loved every dish at Mesa. I like Mesa because you can stop by for  a quick bit to eat. No need for reservations just walk in, sit down and enjoy. I love how Bobby Flay gives classic dishes an interesting twist that makes the dishes a delightful surprise. Needless to say when in Caesar's, Mesa is a Must.
Went here with a party of six and tried lots of different things.  White peach margarita was great.  My favorite appetizer was the goat cheese queso fundido.  I got the salmon for my entree, which was PERFECT.  The roasted creamed corn side dish was the BEST I have had anywhere ever ever ever and you'll want to eat about a gallon of it.  We ordered 5 different desserts, the BEST was a toffee pudding cake, closely followed by the coconut cake.  The churros had a bit too much cinnamon and tasted sort of bitter.  Otherwise, I have to say that everything I tried was EXCELLENT, this was my favorite restaurant I went to in Vegas (this is comparing it to Scarpetta, which is a close second, Table 10 at the Venetian, and Aquaknox at the Venetian).
I am slightly biased being a huge Bobby Flay fan, but this place is amazing!!! Highly recommend the Roasted Halibut and twice baked potato!!  I will be sure to go back!
Can I take away a star because I didn't get to see Bobby Flay? No? Ok, fine, five stars it is.. . Great restaurant!  My mom took me for my birthday present while we were in town because I love Bobby Flay (one of my favorite Food Network chefs). We were a bit early for our reservations so we had to wait a few minutes, but we ordered drinks while we waited. Such delicious margaritas! The appetizers we got (the duck pancake and goat cheese dip) were delicious ways to start the meal. I gotthe halibut and my mom got the pork tenderloin. Both were amazing! We were not going to get dessert but we were intrigued by the spicy peanut butter ice cream on the chocolate pretzel tart. So glad we got that, it was delicious.. . I definitely want to go back the next time I am in Vegas!
Love this place with a passion!!!!. . We had the Bone-in Chipotle Glazed Rib-eye - 4 stars! Black Angus New York Strip Steak - 4 stars! Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloins - 4 stars! Fire Roasted Veal Chops - 4 stars!. . We also ran a little late for our reservations because we were rear-ended on our way here, but we were still accommodated without waiting very long.  Great service! =)
Expect no less!!  Good food, excellent service.  I had the grilled swordfish club, fish was cooked perfectly.  What impressed me was the service, how the waiters pay attention to every details.  Two members of our party was not  at the table when food was ready,  they kept an eye on our table until everyone is present and served all at the same time... Excellent service, awesome food, strongly recommend.
EXCELLENT ! This is one of my favorite places to dine in while I'm in Las Vegas baby! Everything on the menu is too die for! The shrimp corn tamales for starters; Delcious!.. Grilled pork tenderloin; Amazing! If your in Vegas and don't stop by you'll be very dissapointed.. My favorite restaurant love La Mesa!
Mesa Grill is our favorite strip place to eat. The food and the drinks are incredible. The coffee rubbed filet mignon is outstanding.
Wowowowow, the food here was just delectable!. . I've been trying to make a reservation here with my friends the past few times, but they were always booked at least a month in advanced for dinner reservations for the Saturdays we were there.. . I think the best dish there was their rib-eye steak, medium rare. HUGE portion btw.  It really just melts in your mouth.  I also tried the lobster tacos for appetizer and the cobb salad.  And to drink, you can't go wrong with a white peach margarita!. . Hats off to you Chef Bobby Flay :)
Mesa Grill. . Mesa Grill was day two onPicky E.'s culinary tour. It was Bobby Flay all the way--there was a corn waffle, a tamale, and plenty of cilantro everything on the menu (and if watch Iron Chef America, you know he always does a corn waffle, a tamale, and his "signature" sauces). . . I have to say that I was sold--I would highly recommend Mesa Grill. I had the salad that is a riff on a Caesar--it has a Mexican soft and salty cheese instead of parmesan and has these absolutely wonderful riffs on croutons. In fact, the fake croutons are what made the dish for me. If I could have just had a big pile of those, I would have been a very happy camper. I would eat this salad at every meal if I had the chance.. . Since it was technically brunch, I had the spicy chicken and hash. It was okay, but not spectacular--the eggs were a little underdone for me and there was a lot of cilantro in the hash (too much in my mind). But, I tasted the steak and eggs that my lunch companion ordered and the steak was amazing. I only wished I had ordered that. So, learn from my mistakes: order the steak and eggs.. . The breads that came with the meal where tasty--a corn/blueberry muffin, a cranberry/raisin scone, and a coffee cake; the scone was definitely the best.. . Order the salad. Order the steak. Thank me. And, remember, Picky E never recommends a salad unless its unbelievably good.
This was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. . . We started with the tuna tartar, and it was some of the best sushi-grade tuna I have ever eaten. My girlfriend had the salmon, which was cooked absolutely perfectly and seasoned amazingly. It was stunning. . . I had the Mesa burger, which is easily the best burger I have ever had in my life. Cooked medium, it was amazingly perfect. Seasoning, bun, the sear; I still think about it often. I wanted tohug the guy on the grill. . . On top of that, great beer selection, and the service was really magnificent. Pretty reasonably priced too. (Lunch for 2 with appetizer and drinks was about $60). Well done guys, well done.
This restaurant was absolutely delicious.  My friend Eric recommended we try it and I am glad we did. The pork tenderloin was perfectly cooked, tender and so tasty.  The brussel sprouts were a delicious complement and then to have the banana creme pie dessert was just perfect.  And the signature cocktail was tasty.  I liked the decor and has a very cool trendy vibe.  This restaurant is a must try if you're in Vegas.
Two days at Caesar's Palace - 8 meals - and this was by far our favorite.  Food, service, ambiance were all excellent.. . We were seated as soon as we arrived, a little early, for our 7 PM reservation.  We were immediately greeted by water service, and our waiter offering me their Marguerita menu - oh my.  An enormous list of tequilas and several margueritas.  I was attracted to the peach and ordered that - it was SOOOO yummy!!. . We ordered the Shrimp & Corn Tamale appetizer.  It was very good.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the dish was very tasty.. . Hubster ordered the Chili Relleno - and the moans from across the table told me that it was very, very good.  It was definitely not your traditional Chili Relleno.  The exterior was crispy, there wasn't a tomato sauce over everything, but there were a couple of colorful sauces on the plate to run your bite through.  The stuffing was eggplant and mechanga cheese - again not a traditional stuffing.  But it was reported to be very, very good.. . I wanted something light for dinner, so ordered the Chicken Skewers appetizer.  This came with little tortillas, so you could make little tacos if you wanted, and a peanut sauce.  The chicken was nice and spicy, but not painfully so.  It was a small portion of 3 skewers, which was exactly what I wanted.. . I loved the ambiance.  It's a nice warm room, with warm southwest colors and a copper hood over the kitchen.  The kitchen was behind glass, and you could see the chefs at work, which I love.  We had seen a show on the Food Channel about the development of this restaurant, so it was really fun to see it in person.  . . I would definitely eat here again, there were several things on the menu that I would like to try.
My friend and I decided to come here because another restaurant we couldn't enter because we were not 21 and for the fact that its Bobby Flay's restaurant. Thank goodness we came here because it was awesome! We came here for brunch and the staff all greeted us with warm smiles and immediately we were seated. We came in around brunch time so we had the brunch menu. I ordered the spicy scrambled eggs and my friend ordered the blue corn buttermilk waffles but before all this came an assortment of bread. All of the breads were warm, soft, and delicious! Both entrees  were outstanding. The ham egg and biscuits in the scrambled eggs were phenomenal and the Waffle was crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside, and the portions and prices were extremely good. The waiters and waitresses were also awesome and always refilled water and bread without us asking. It was definitely worth the 40 dollars we paid for such good food. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas and this place does not disappoint!
Bobby Flay ist das Herz und die Seele des Mesa Grills. Koch, Buchautor, Restaurantbetreiber  sein Name steht fur das Mesa Grill-Konzept und ist im ganzen Land wohl bekannt. Nach dem Hauptrestaurant Mesa Grill in New York residiert seit 2004 diese Dependance in Las Vegas, als eines der vielen Restaurants im Caesars Palace (http://www.mesagrill.com/las-vegas-restaurant) .. Gleich neben dem vibrierendem Leben des Casinos strahlt das Mesa Grill in einer groartigen Dekoration und gewahrt dem Gast trotz der Casinonahe angenehme Ruhe fur ein hochwertiges Essen. Inspiriert wird die Kuche hauptsachlich durch den Sudwesten der Staaten. So gibt es viele mexikanisch gepragte Gerichte wie z.B. New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin mit Bourbon-Ancho Chile Sauce, Sweet Potato Tamale und Crushed Pecan Butter. Aber die Angebote gehen weiter und es fallt schwer, eine Entscheidung zu treffen.. Auf die Preise sollte man weniger achten, hier ist nichts gunstig. Aber  und das muss fairer Weise gesagt werden, es wird geliefert und das vom Feinsten.. Wir wahlten Cascabel Rabbit ($ 38), Pork Tenderloin ($ 36) und eine Extraportion Tamale ($ 9). Die Preise verstehen sich immer + Tax und + Tip.. Der Hammer aber war der Wein! Unschlussig, was wir wahlen sollten (ein Roter sollte es sein), lieen wir uns beraten. Drei Angebote blieben dann letztendlich im Raum stehen und wir wahlten den Zenith 2010 aus Oregon. Wir bezeichnen uns durchaus als Rotwein-Kenner, hatten aber noch nie gehort, dass es Weine aus Oregon gibt. Das Servieren wurde zelebriert und schon der erste Degustations-Schluck lie die Augen rollen. Kostlich! Und noch spannender wurde es, als wir in Ruhe das ruckwartige Etikett auf der Flasche lasen: Es wurde exakt der Tag genannt, an dem die Trauben fur diesen Wein geerntet (gepfluckt) wurden, dann auch der Tag, wann sie in Eichholzfasser kamen und schlussendlich der Kalendertag, als die Abfullung in Flaschen stattfand. Selbstverstandlich tragt jede Flasche eine Nummer und ist somit individualisiert. Diese Flasche war nicht mehr nur ein Glasbehalter fur Wein, sondern mutierte fur uns zum liebevollen Leben.. Was haben wir eigentlich an diesen Tagen gemacht, so stellten wir uns die Frage. Leider hatten wir keine Kalender mit, um sie zu beantworten.. Der Preis: Erschwingliche $ 80 ++. Und damit nur im mittleren Preissegment der Weinkarte. Wir konnten uns nicht vorstellen, welchen Mehrgenuss die angebotenen Weine fur mehrere hundert Dollar/Flasche bringen sollten. . Fazit: Der Abend hat uns rund $ 200 fur zwei Personen gekostet. Wir haben es uns gegonnt und waren sehr zufrieden. Wir verstehen jetzt, warum das Mesa Grill einen so exzellenten Ruf hat, in New York eh, aber seit vielen Jahren auch in Las Vegas. Ein Top-Platz fur einen besonderen Abend. Funf Sterne.
Who does not love a good Bobby Flay recipe??? Bobby Flay is my favorite chef but I promise you I am not biased by the fact that is a Bobby Flay restaurant. I hate corn but the corn soup was phenomenal. . . Additionally Bobby Flay is known for his amazing spice combinations and the multiplicity of flavors you get from one single bite of his food. Even more impressive was the staff's knowledge of each layer of flavor. I tried this chicken tortilla dish that from first bite to last bite I was so impressed I could not wait for the rest of the meal (as it was only the appetizer).  Each element of every dish was carefully seasoned so when you bite in you get an explosion in your mouth that screams of orgasmic pleasure.  . . Try the lamb or pork chops, try the steak, try any dish I promise you that you will not walk away disappointed and if you did not like anything I think I know a good Bobby Flay restaurant to know that they will replace it for you.
WOW is all I can say. This is my first review on Yelp, and it has taken this place to write it.. . We were here for NYE. The price was a bit of a deterrence (110$ 3-course set price) but we said what the heck.. . The food was exquisite! Had the ribs appetizer along with the Tuna nachos - beautiful stuff. For our mains we took the Coffee fillet mignon - WOW and the lamb porterhouse - WOW again.. . the desserts were also awesome and so were the margharitas - some of the best I've had!. . Highly recommended!
Our family of 4, including two young boys absolutely love everything! My 9 year old said it was the best quesadilla he'd ever had. All of the appetizers were good portions and were all exquisite.  My favorite was the shrimp tamale. The boys devoured the skewered chicken and barbecue ribs. My husband really enjoyed the lamb chops.  The service was absolutely top notch! We WILL be back!!
I come here for brunch just about every time I come to Vegas and have brought new people with me every time. I think its safe to say everyone has left this place having a whole new respect for Chef Bobby Flay. If it's your first time, definitely try the Mesa Burger, or, if you're feeling more adventurous, the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash. I look forward to my next trip to Vegas.
All I have to say is: This is possibly the best meal I've ever eaten! Point blank! Filet mignon, outstanding!
Mesa Grill graciously welcomed our party as a last minute reservation when dinner at a Vegas hotspot failed miserably. This time I tried the Cioppino which was perfectly executed. The steaks orded by my tablemates came out at the right temperature and well seasoned. We were never rushed even being the last table in the restaurant. Consistantly excellent, every time!
Ate at Mesa for lunch. The smoked chicken quesadillas were absolutely delicious! Shrimp tacos were amazing and green chili burger was great. Service was prompt and atmosphere enjoyable. Overall great time!
Mesa Grill is one of my favorite restaurants.  Good location in Caesars and nice decor.  The tables can be close together though.  I've dined here several times over the past few years.  The scallops and pumpkin soup (when available) are outstanding appetizers.  The coffee rubbed filet and the pork tenderloin are fantastic main courses.  You can't go wrong with the sticky toffee for dessert!
Second time here. No reservation for Sat brunch. Surprised by no wait or line compared to the huge crowd in front of Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse next door. . . Wonderful meal. Everyone's happy. Including my Chinese-food-only daddy.. . Lunch menu is reasonably priced and super flavorful. Pleasantly surprised by the chicken skewer. Mesa burger, pork sandwich, swordfish sandwich, and shrimp taco are all yum. Even complimentary bread basket is really good.. . Bobby Flay is legit.
amazing service. amazing service. amazing service.. very interesting food options and excellent ingrediant quality and choices of flavors in the food.. . i would not order the grilled chicken dinner. although good, i felt that there were better options to choose from. the chile relleno was yummy!. . i would not order the frenchie cocktail. although it was good, i felt there were better options to choose from.
I expected the price to be a lot more expensive, but found it surprisingly reasonable. I ordered the "Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon" &it was amazing! I was a little hesitant when I read the description.. they incorporate a spicy black bean sauce, but I found the balance to be well executed! I have so much more respect for salmon!
Went to Mesa this weekend for the fourth time.  This place is fantastic.  Interesting menu, unique dishes, pretty good service.  This is a great Vegas dining option.
Where do I even begin....Bobby Flay has done something outstanding here - what a meal - what an experience! I have to say, one of the best meals I have ever had.. . Service - spot on, our waitress was a joy to have - if we could have - we would have asked her to join us. I wish I knew her name. We liked her so much, my husband proposed to her with a corn husk tie from his corn tamale.. . The food was outstanding, I had the sweet potatoe soup to start, and had my meal ended there I would have been ecstatic, but lucky for me, there was more to come. The bread selection (yes there was a selection of three different breads) was great - jalapeno asiago bread was a big A+ for me.. . My entree was the grilled mahi mahi - and it was PERFECT, just a little heat, so much flavor it was a party in my mouth that I didn't want to have end.. . If you are on the strip you have to go here.
I have eaten many times at the Mesa Grill and keep going back.  The pork tenderloin is amazing, and I dont even like pork that much, I just tried it when someone else ordered it, and I might even order it next time I go back.  The rough cut nachos appetizer is an amazing starter, and not to be missed.  Everything else on the menu has always been great.  Even the simple stuff like the chile relleno is delicious.  This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas, and I will continue to go back.
Heavenly! Oh Bobby Flay, I'm very impressed, and I'm coming back!. . Pricey but something to try and say you are glad you did! Totally worth it! The dishes have such complexity, and turn something so traditional to an absolute piece of art for your taste buds!. . The coffee rubbed filet mignon was scrumptious!! The on the house basket of bread was addicting...jalapeno cheese bread...mmmm. The corn was recommended as a side and I loved it. How good can corn be, right? Oh...yessss!. . Try this place for a special occasion!!!. . Service was also top notch! Ask for recommendations.
After taking my girlfriend shopping (4hrs) I was so glad to see Mesa Grill. LOL. They were able to seat us without reservation.  . . Our Appetizer was Blue Corn Lobster Taco (5 stars) Chunks of tasty lobster and crunchy taco shells. . Chipotle Glazed Rib Eye (5 stars) I'm salivating just thinking about this dish. Charred and crispy on the outside and so juicy in the middle. (PERFECT) A genius dish!. I can't say enough good things about this dish. Generous portion too. . . Black Angus New York strip steak (4 3/4 stars) My GF's dish. I think my taste bud was spoiled by my Chipotle Glazed Rib Eye. . . For dessert our waiter recommended the Deep Dish Banana cream pie (3 stars) May be they had a off night preparing this dish. But I don't care..my rib eye was sooo good that no other meal can spoil my dining experience here. . . I wonder how my Chipotle Rib Eye would taste if Mr Iron Chef Flay prepared it for me. I doubt I'll ever be that lucky. But this was one of my most memorable meal.
I didn't really know much about Bobby Flay before eating at Mesa Grill, but left his restaurant with a very high opinion of him. He's not a "celebrity chef" with a tv personality but mediocre culinary skills - he's the real deal. First, the service was impeccable. We were greeted and seated immediately by the hostess and every need we could have had was anticipated and catered to by our waiter and sommellier. Second, the setting was very warm and open (this is the type of place where one is made to feel welcome whether he is wearing jeans or a three piece suit). Third, and most important, the food was delicious. Between my friend and I, we had the Baby Romaine Salad, Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon (to die for), New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, Mashed Potatoes with Green Chile Queso Sauce (another favorite), Fresh Corn Tamales, and Toasted Coconut Layer Cake. Every bit of the meal was delicious and I truly couldn't have asked for a better dining experience. While this restaurant is a little pricey, it is definitely worth the money and I promise you will leave very satisfied.
This place has made it on my "must have food when I go to Vegas" list from this day forward. . . I went here randomly with a group of people an we decided to zip in and grab some appetizers to share. Holy moly I did not expect the flavor and deliciousness that I was about to experience. Lobster Tacos... OMG. Mushroom quesadillas are the bomb too. Tuna tar tar yum! And someone even got some pork tenderloin that was too incredible to put into words. Eat here!! Seriously! . . Bobby, you are magical. Your move, Gordon...
The restaurant week menu was TO DIE FOR. Bobby Flay, you made my stomach sing. My only complaint is that the delicious dessert (salted caramel pudding) is not normally on the menu, so I won't be able to enjoy it on return trips to LV.
This is Chef Bobby Flays signature restaurant. The restaurant opened before chef Flay sold his soul to food TV so the food, service and overall quality is still great and a great experience to dine here. Most of my visits are spontaneous so we had to wait a while to be seated but waiting at the bar is very pleasant. The food is great I recommend the blue corn tortilla and duck or blue corn lobster taco for starters and if you like steak it's great. They have extensive collection of wine and I have enjoyed some fine and expensive bottles. Service is great and friendly. I highly recommend this restaurant.
We experienced a well planned menu and courteous wait staff.  Timely service with incredible food set a perfect evening.  The peach margarita was refreshing.  The chicken skewers were delicious.  The courses complimented each other and added to the evening.  The fact we were able to support Restaurant Week added to the perfect evening.  We would highly recommend this restaurant.
Thank goodness Hubby and I missed breakfast cut off at our hotel and wandered over to Caesar's.  Mesa Grill was my favorite place that we ate when we went to Vegas on our honymoon 2 years ago and it was just as good for brunch!  . . We were seated almost immediately - a pleasant surprise and ordered Bloody Mary's.  They had a kick but not too spicy.  Bread basket came out - jalepeno corn cakes, blueberry coffee cake (soooo good!), and candied berry scones.  I loved the variety in the bread basket.  Too bad we didn't think to ask if we could bring it home. . . My husband had the Mesa Grill burger cooked medium (barf!) and fries and I had some egg dish that had a green chili sauce that was layered on crispy blue tortillas.  It was heavenly.  . . Our server seemed like he was kind of having a bad day but he was handling it like a champ and having a sense of humor about it.  He was a sport and kept our drinks refilled and food out on the table as soon as it was ready (or so it seemed).. . I can't wait til next time we can go to Mesa Grill.
Stellar!. . Baseline. . . 1. Sophie 's chopped salad!. 2. Queso Dip. 3. Pork Tenderloin. 4. Sweet Potatoes Au Gratin. 5.Pardita Margarita
So Good!  I had food envy after I watched each table served. Then came the bread...oh, the bread. Ordered the Pork Tenderloin and it was delicious.  Can't wait to go to Vegas again so I can return.  Good goin' Bobby Flay!
Came here for the second time in two years because it's that amazing and unique. . . Started off with the Pappy Manhattan. Yes - Mesa has Pappy Van Winkle, which for bourbon connoisseurs is like drinking a unicorn.. . We were lucky enough to be here for Restaurant Week, which meant we got a 3 course meal for $50. Not cheap, but honestly not bad compared to the rest of the high end strip restaurants. The chicken taco appetizer was nice and spicy and had a zesty little sauce. I went with the pork tenderloin for the main course. Good Lord. It's as tender and juicy as a filet, but the flavors are so bold and out of bounds. Insane. . . Dessert was just as amazing and unique - chocolate and caramel salted pudding. WOW. Just the right balance of sweet and salty. . . Bottom line: If you're a Karl Welzein bold flavors man from way back, Mesa is a must.
One of my favorite restaurants ever !!!!!!!!!! my wife and I have been to this location and the one in the Bahamas and there is always something new and delicious. We had the SOUTHWESTERN SPICE CHICKEN SKEWERS and they were great and flavorfull, I had the MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN and my wife had the ANCHO CHILE-HONEY GLAZED SALMON and both dishes where GREAT , i wished i would of remember my waitress name she was great too all i know is that she was from Argentina and she recommended a really great tasting Sauvignon Blanc. Cant wait to go back , Maybe the NY location next
Visited the Mesa Grill for lunch during a recent stay at Caesars. . . The pork sandwich was amazing! Moist, flavorful and just a touch spicy. Perfect!. . The bread basket that they served was oh so good. So many choices it was hard to deicide which bread to try. . . Would absolutely go back on my next visit.
really good food at a reasonable price. . the bread and corn muffins with butter were a great start to the meal. . ordered sophie's chopped salad. had beans and a tasty dressing. . the only vegetarian entree was the chili relleno. was crusted in cornmeal and youcan taste all the spices that went into it including ground coriander. . the fresh corn tamale was soso. nothing special. . the sticky coffee pudding and the coconut cake were both very very good. . all in all a great experience!
Loved Mesa Grill. The shrimp tamale was excellent. I would go back again just for that....fantastic. The blue corn pancake was good, but not as good as that tamale!  My husband had the pork tenderloin, and I had the veal. Both were good, but I definitely preferred the veal. No complaints!
This food is to die for!!!!!!!!!! Everytime i come to vegas i stop here. I get their Shrimp Tamale and and their smoke chicken black bean quesadilla. it is sooooo gooddd.. This place is semi pricey but the food is good.
Simply amazing.  The best service I have received possibly ever.  I went there with my wife and in-laws and had a wonderful time.
Bobby Flay's place continues to be the best and most consistent LV restaurant. When entertaining clients we chose the Mesa Grill, once again, due to their outstanding foods, service and ambiance. . . This trip I decided to changed it up and try the rare ahi steak, lightly grilled. This dish is excellent and lighter fare than I generally go for. This meant more room for dessert and having perfectly paced this evening, tonight was the night for Churros! Not just any churro, but Bobby's special churros dusted with cinnamon sugar and star anise, . dark chocolate and  coconut dulce de leche dipping sauces. . . Wow! So, much for the healthy Ahi!. . We had another excellent meal with incredible service. I love their wine list as well. . . Incredible culinary experience.
Mesa Grill is my favorite place first time here and loved it, service was great, we had the brunch menu!. . My husband ordered the Chiliquilas, I had the six spice chicken salad with a bloody Mary, the chicken had great flavor however the salad was a little dry.  Our waiter was very informative
Damn!!!! So me and my gf were in Vegas last weekend and wanted to eat bomb. We both like great food even when it's top dollar. I got a seafood mix forgot what was exactly in it (stoned) but I remember 2 kinds of clams, crab and fish. Super bomb bobby flay put a great twist on this plate great job
The best food I have ever had.  For the first time I had tuna and omg, was it good.
Chef Bobby Flay's restaurant in the Caesar's Palace Hotel has a fun atmosphere and great food!  I had the ANCHO CHILE-HONEY GLAZED SALMON which was amazing and my boyfriend had the 22 OZ BONE IN CHIPOTLE GLAZED RIB-EYE.  Both were very tasty and we would definitely go back and have these amazing dishes again.  Would recommend friends and family to try them out.. . Our waiter was also very attentive.. . The only part we thought was a little off was depending where you were sitting (and we were sitting towards the back) facing the big glass windows in the back being distracted by the sports book area which I assume would be great for a Sports Enthusiast.  lol
Being from Texas and finding a place that does Southwestern food SO right was like a heart melting moment. The taste of tamale in my mouth sends me straight back to my life in Dallas. Yum-my. Nothing better.. . Went in and sat at the bar and was waited on by a fabulous bartender named Christine. She's a mixologist of the highest order. You MUST try her drinks, they are fabulous. But be careful, they're potent too! We had the cactus margarita (can't remember the full name) and the white peach. Definitely try both, they were delicious!. . For an appetizer me and my girlfriend shared the tiger shrimp with roasted garlic corn tamale. It's supposed to be Flay's best of. I don't doubt it. It was a flavor explosion that really rocked my mouth! Creamy flavors, sweet tamale, large shrimp. You'll regret not trying this. . . For our lunch I ordered the smoked shrimp tacos and salsas. My gf ordered the ancho chile-honey glazed salmon. My mouth, personally, was on overload with all this flavor. . . The tacos came out with two skewers of three large shrimp, two flour tortillas and three salsas and cabbage slaw that was delicious. The salsas were mango, avocado and one other that I'm not sure of, but trust me, you will eat all three and love them. . . The salmon was HUGE. I couldn't believe the difference in size. Mine was two dollars more and half the size. I was crushed. The salmon was flaky and covered in this creama sauce that was to DIE for. I would definitely recommend this for sure. . . For dessert we finished it off with the sticky toffee pudding. Wow! Sweet and dense with a really great flavor. Was really impressed. We wanted churros, but they don't serve them at lunch, which we found odd considering that churros are a staple of southwestern cuisine. Anyway, we'll go back for those at dinner soon!
Our second visit and it did not disappoint. Love the tuna nachos, shrimp and corn dish, chicken skewers... Bobby was even cooking that day - also a treat. Food is amazing and the service is wonderful.
If you know who Bobby Flay is then you will know that walking into one of his busily packed restaurants without reservations especially on a Saturday evening is virtually impossible. BUT with great Vegas luck, my family of five was able to be seated ASAP w/out reservations nor wait time. It was as if they were expecting our party of 5 yet there was a crowd just behind us who ended up waiting. Screening the menu everything sounded spicy so dining with young children and a senior citizen who cannot tolerate any level of spiciness had us very concerned. To be polite we went ahead and ordered while making sure to ask our waiter the spice level of each dish ordered and he assured us that the spices were more for marinating purposes and that it would be mild to the taste unless requested to any desired spice level. We trusted him and when the food arrived, everything from apps to entrees to desserts far exceeded our expectations. It turned out to be the best meal we had on our 4 day LV trip. The deep dish banana cream pie, pork chop special and cremini mushroom quesadillas are musts! We will definitely return to try more of the menu.
My wife had the pork tenderloin and I had the veal. Hands down the two best meals we have ever had. It was expensive but worth every penny!
"This is the best thing I have ever put in my mouth" A common sentence used when Nickole and I dined here last Monday. Christine the bartender is AWESOME and made the best recommendations for us. Started our meal off with a house Margarita on the rocks with salt. Made up of Hurradurra Tequila, fresh squeezed lime, and agave syrup it was so good. Nickole had a White Peach Margarita and that was amazing as well. . For an appetizer we had the Tiger Shrimp Tamale, wow. Honestly the best thing I have ever eaten. With garlic corn, and a cilantro sauce that makes you want to cry... this Tamale was sculpted by gods, i swear. I could eat this dish every day.. Drink #2 Pear Margarita. YUM Not too sweet but with a slight hint of pear. Very good... and strong!. For the entrees we both split the Smoked Shrimp Tacos and Ancho Chili Honey Glazed Salmon. wow x2. The Tacos were perfection. With grilled corn tortillas and acabbage slaw the shrimp being so juicy and perfectly marinated this dish was to die for. The Salmon was perfect too. Cooked at a medium temp and on a bed of a house made black bean sauce and a cilantro oil the honey glaze complemented the salmon perfectly. Both amazing choices. . Drink #3 Pomegranate Martini a little on the strong side but pretty good. Desert- Sticky Toffee cake. Being gluten free I only had a small bite to try it and If my allergy was mild and wouldn't cause me severe pain i would have eaten the whole thing. wow was it good! and with a side of house made ice cream it was truly the cherry on top to our meal. . I highly recommend this place to everyone. It will not disappoint! I cant wait to come back
One of the best lunches we've had. So glad we made the trek to find this spot on our Vegas vacation. Delish Bobby Flay margaritas... I wanted 3. The bread basket could of made me full - a few kinds of unique. corn muffins and sweet breads. We started with the ahi tartare app, which was amazing. Served with a few Flay sauces and homemade tortilla chips - it was fresh, savory and creative. I orders the tuna club: thick bacon, spicy aioli, sourdough bread... Every detail was good. Hubbs got a bacon burger which he devoured and deemed one of the best burgers ever. We both loved our fries. The place was hip, our waiter was awesome and we left full, impressed and warmly tipsy. We'll be back next time we're in Vegas FOR SURE.
This is my kinda place! Upscale, but not stuffy. Great vibe. Talented and attentive servers. Interesting menu. Delicious food.  I have friends going to Vegas next week and I have been raving about Mesa Grill. I know they'll love it.
Oh my sweet, fancy Moses--the food here never disappoints. We had brunch today. There was no wait, and the service was phenomenal. Easily the best meal that we had this time in Vegas. The chilaquiles are not to be missed, smoothest margarita in the world, and if you eat one thing in Vegas, eat those grits. Thank you, Bobby Flay!
Reserved via Open Table for dinner with my husband while in Vegas for the weekend for our wedding anniversary. It was Friday night but we got seated pretty quickly even though we were about 5 minutes late due to a bit of a miscalculation on our flight arrival time. Place was busy but they were definitely moving people in & out pretty quickly.   We choose this place because we wanted to experience a Bobby Flay restaurant after seeing so much of him on The Food Network. We weren't disappointed!. . Their bread basket had a nice cheese bread, corn muffin & a walnut raisin bread. All were good, but our favorite was the cheese bread with peppers. We then started out with these mini (& I do mean mini!!!) blue corn lobster tacos for an appetizer. After laughing about the size (maybe 2"x1" tacos) we split the 3 tacos. We weren't laughing then!  We were licking our fingers!  Very delicious.  One of our servers was joking with us about how they had tastings of them when the tacos were introduced & they all had the same complaint... They wanted more!  We agreed, yummy!. . Then we ordered the Ancho Chile Honey Glazed Salmon & grilled chicken to share. We honestly thought we'd like the salmon better, but both really liked the spicy tangy sauce on the chicken. Plus it had this yummy corn tamale on the side. Salmon was good & was cooked very well, but I guess we just thought it was not especially different tasting than what we could get somewhere else. Strangely enough, it was our side dish of Roasted Corn that we liked the most!  What a burst of flavor from the aioli & cheese on it!  At first I wasn't sure I'd be able to finish it because I wanted to save room for dessert, but I couldn't resist because it was great. . . But the absolute best part of the meal (it had us talking about it all weekend long!) was the Sticky Toffee Pudding!  OMG!!! It's sweet, yet salty, sticky but not too much & the texture of the cake/pudding was firm but moist. Sooooo good!  I didn't have any of the vanilla ice cream it was served with cuz I'm lactose intolerant, but my hubby said it was not really anything special. But he ate it anyway!  . . Overall, the food was great, the servers really were on top of everything & very friendly. Not at all snooty or aloof.  Had a great time & would do it again...especially the dessert!
Went for Sunday brunch has tiger shrimp tamales  they were the best the bread basket was delicious  blueberry coffee cake mini scones jalapeno corn muffins and mini raisin scone  also had sweet potato chicken hash  also the strip steak with scrambled eggs my favorite was the tiger shrimp tamale YUM
Where to start? This resto was friggin ah-mah-zing!. . From the bread -- which included blueberry coffee cake, cinnamon chip scones, jalapeno corn bread -- to their fancy sparkling water and their delicious menu. I had what my aunt accurately described as 'Green Eggs and Ham." LOL. Two eggs scrambled with green onions, goat cheese and jalapenos, with thick-sliced ham and two mini biscuits. So damn delicious!
Delicious!
When: June 24th, 2013. . I was totally blown away by the cuts of meat ranging from the spicy grilled chicken to the filet mignon to the ribeye! We ordered those 3 dishes and pretty much did family style and everything had such a solid flavor. The cuts of meat are aged for 40 days and cooked beautifully to the medium and medium rare we had requested. Service was great and has been the best steak experience in Vegas for me thus far! . . The chile verde mashed potatoes were so creamy and delicious too! Everything was above and beyond my expectations!
Really great particularly the tuna tartar nachos
I had been dying to eat at Mesa Grill for a very long time now. And after my visit on a balmy Las Vegas afternoon, I reached nirvana.. . Just kidding. But seriously, it met every one of my expectations and more.. . My best friend and I ordered the shrimp tamale, the blue corn crusted halibut, and a peach margarita to share.. . First, the peach margarita. Super strong. With just half the drink (admittedly on an empty stomach), I was buzzin pretty hard.. . The tamales. Oh god the tamales. We had been dreaming about this dish for so long, and it surpassed all of my expectations. The sauce was so amazing delicious. Rich, but not overtly so, and perfectly seasoned. The shrimp was succulent and the tamale itself was delicious, not too dry and a bit sweet, with little pieces of corn studded through out. The sauce was what really pulled this appetizer together though.. . The blue corn crusted halibut paled in comparison to the tamale, but it was delicious in its own right. While not the best thing I've ever had, the blue corn crust was unique. The halibut itself was flaky and wonderfully moist. The tomato based sauce was really yummy, and went surprisingly well with the fish.. . Lastly, the bread basket. Mesa Grill has the best bread basket I've ever had. The jalapeno and cheddar bread was my favorite, with the sweet dessert bar coming in at a close second.. . Service was good, if a bit pushy with the drinks, the atmosphere is wonderful, and the next time I go to Mesa Grill, I'm getting 2 shrimp tamales as my entree. :)
I love everything about MESA. You don't have to be a Bobby Flay fan to appreciate it (although I am!!). From the hip decor, to the amazing margaritas, to the food - its all great!. . We came here with a group of 6, pre Absinthe show, for dinner. We had attentive yet laid back service. I highly recommend the mezcal margarita if you are a mezcal fan. One of my favorite dishes, as random as it is, was the side of roasted corn. It was the best. I also loved my lamb chops. . . This is a good place for a group, as well as a more intimate date. Located right in the middle of Caesars, its also convenient, yet still in the action.
Maybe i'm a bit bias because i Love Bobby Flay but then again naaaaahhhhh because I Loved loved loved the food! lol.. So great and all the sauces were good as well. i thought Burger by Gordon Ramsey was good but after tasting these i realized they arent comparable. Very juicy and all the Toppings Really compliment the burgers. The Grilled Shrimp Tacos were awesome as well.. the three sauces that came with them really balanced well with the shrimp. Can't wait to come again!. . . I visited July 5, 2013.. Lunchtime.. FYI. .
One of Bobby Flay's places.. . BONE IN RIB EYE. Delicious fatty and marbled steak. We ordered it medium rare but it came out more rare than medium...making me extremely happy.. . CIOPPINO. So very good. I thought the green chile sauce was phenomenal. We finished every bite. The mussels are a bit small, but very tasty nonetheless. The shrimp is amazing, and the linguistini was also delicious.. . HOT SAUCE. We asked for hot sauce and they brought out two kinds. The red one was just ok, a little smoky, but that's it. The green one has the perfect kick of spice, not too much that it kills the taste of the steak/seafood, but just enough to make a little zing. . . HEFEWEIZEN. The one we got didn't taste like a hefeweizen, but it was still good nonetheless. They come in huge glasses so drink up!. . IPA . My friend got the IPA and really liked it. I didn't get to try it, but it's a nice big tall glass of beer.
Bobby Flay just doesn't disappoint. This was my 3rd of his restaurants I've been too and it's right on par with the others. I love Mexican and his take on it was delicious. Great atmosphere and decor. Must go.
To update my last review- I have been back here twice since my last review and both times the food and service have exceeded my expectations.Of course had the Ahi, cuz that's amazing, we tried the BBQ Duck app,good- and the romaine Cesar style salad which was so fricking good we had it twice and for entrees I did the coffee rubbed filet and BF got chop and the side of corn- everything was beyond perfect. So we are moving up to a 5 star after 2 perfect meals, food and service.
I didn't know this was an Bobby restaurant until I was here - and it didn't disappoint.  The bread was great, and the server recommended the goat cheese appetizer.  I'm not a huge fan, but on the suggestion, I let my wife convince me otherwise.  She barely got to eat any of it!  For my meal, I had a pork tenderloin with some amazing sweet sauce on it - I ate it so fast, I don't remember what was in it.  Will definitely be back, especially since I consumed too much alcohol at the craps tables later that night and didn't get a chance to finish digesting!
This is the first time I have ever dined in a Bobby Flay restaurant and went there with a party of 8 for Brunch.  Sum it up in 1 word:  INCREDIBLE.. . I ordered the Spicy Bloody Mary, perfection.  Probably the best Bloody Mary I have ever had, it was perfect and not overpowering.  . . I ordered the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido.  The queso fundido was so good, but I did notice the chips were stale, not crunchy at all, so that was a bit disappointing.  I was going to mention it, but the other people at my table devoured the queso fundido without the chips, so I just left it as is.  We also ordered the Burrata and Grilled Radiccho and that was perfect.. . For entrees the table had different ones so we could all taste.  I ordered the Blue Corn Crusted Halibut and it was so delicate and the flavors were so wonderful, I loved it.  I also tasted the Eggs Tostada and Spicy Scrambled Eggs which were also delish with the Cheesy Grits.. . I asked the waiter to help me select a dessert and he suggested the Sticky Toffee pudding, which I was not too convinced.  He said I would not be disappointed and he was right.  It was the crowned jewel of my meal.  It was so perfect and amazing.. . All in all a fantastic meal.  Bravo.  I have been a fan of Bobby Flay since that Food Network show he had where he cooked for a group of friends and he had a female side kick, this was maybe about 20 years ago.  I waited a long time to eat at one of his restaurants and it did not disappoint.  It was really and incredible experience.
As good as it gets on the strip.  The food, as you would expect, very solid. Lobster tacos were the best ever.  Steak cooked to perfection.  The atmosphere is top notch as well and the staff treat you like royalty.  It can be tough to get a reservation so be sure to book in advance of your trip.
My first 5 star review. Thank you Bobby Flay for giving a vegetarian a wonderful dish that isn't a cop- out veggie burrito!   So I went to Mesa Grill for  dinner. I had a bean salad and the chile relleno. The salad was very good, had some crunchiness to it.  Loved it!  The chile relleno was the best I've had.  Ever. Stuffed with manchego cheese, and with a crunchy cornmeal crust. And like, a sauce that was ridiculous and wonderful at the same time.  Our waitress was so good: great suggestions, very professional, and personable too. My friends had steak medium rare and loved it, and the fish (she said that it wasn't anything to writer home about).  . Ambience was great, prices only a little steep for what we got. Oh, I almost forgot, the bread basket was SO good. Eat here!  You will not regret it!
Favorite brunch in Vegas! Bobby Flay always has amazing and innovative food creations, great cocktails, all in fun atmosphere.  My cactus pear margarita was delicious and strong.  The free jalapeno muffins and brunch bread basket was a nice touch and really unique flavors.  We tried the the tuna tartar withmango and chips as an appetizer.  The chili relleno had an amazing filling with eggplant, cheese, and other veggies.  The bf had a huge swordfish sandwich that he loved.  We were impressed and stuffed.  This is a huge location in Cesar's Palace .  Attentive and pleasant service and delicious food.  Definitely add it to your Vegas culinary adventures list!
Absolutely wonderful! I've been to Mesa Grill before, it always is delish! As an appetizer i had the TIGER SHRIMP + ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE * Corn - Cilantro Sauce. Then for an entree, NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN * Bourbon - Ancho Chile Sauce Sweet Potato Tamale + Crushed Pecan Butter. It was divine!!! It was cooked perfectly and the sauce was spicy, just like I like it! For dessert, I had the coconut layer cake - YUMMY! I will def be going back!
DAMN! This food was good.... . We started with zucchini blossoms which I believe were stuffed with goat cheese and maybe corn?? Served with a mango sauce. Fantastic.. . My main was a seasoned tuna steak, served rare over the most delicious toasted couscous I've ever eaten. My co-diners had the blue corn crusted halibut which was outrageous and the pork medallions which were seasoned with ancho chilis and southwestern spices - also delicious. We of course had the roasted corn side which you must have.. . The margaritas are custom crafted, delicious. . . The only negative is that the restaurant gets quite loud but we had a great table and great servers.
Lobster tacos and shrimp tamale are a good way to start off a fab meal.  The collard greens are to die for.  Ribeye steaks and even the burger @ lunch are crazy good.  The Pork Medallions are so tender and delish.  I have not had a bad meal in this restaurant and I have been many times.  Bobby Flay does it right.
The ahi tuna over cous cous is one of the best meals I've had here in Vegas! Sweet and savory combined. The bread here is delicious, too. Chocolate pudding dessert is AMAZING. Definitely going back!
I had dinner this evening with my family at the Mesa Grill, celebrity chef Bobby Flay's restaurant at  Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. I had made reservations on Open Table prior to coming to town, but was running late because the traffic on Las Vegas Boulevard was pretty bad. After I pulled into the Coliseum Valet (which is free, by the way), I told the attendant that I was running late. He pointedout to me where the restaurant is located (it was my first time) and told me that he would call the restaurant to let them know that I was coming. Much appreciated! . . It was an early dinner reservation, even though I was late, and the restaurant was about half full when we arrived. By the time dinner ended, however, it seemed like the whole restaurant was full. . . We had lamb porterhouse chops served with two sauces (preserved serrano sauce and mint chimichurri) and a blue corn tamale, coffee rubbed filet mignon with roasted corn, black angus new york steak strip with mashed potatoes, and baby romaine salad with roasted garlic dressing and hominy croutons (how unique). Every single entree was cooked perfectly, and each bite was delicious from beginning to end. . . The service at the restaurant was top-notch. We were promptly seated when we arrived (we had reservations), our orders were taken quickly, and our food was delivered to our table within 10 minutes of ordering. Our waitress Brenda was wonderful, and all of our servers were very attentive. As we left the restaurant, we were greeted by at least half a dozen staff members. . . The food was bit pricey, but well worth the culinary experience. My family and I don't come to Vegas often, but I felt that since we were here, we might as well indulge a bit and enjoy ourselves--we certainly did that at Mesa Grill.
Normally I don't like to go to famous restaurant . Coz I have never experience such good service and good food.. But this time was different... . Two thumbs up!. Service was Great and food was excellent for me.
Green chile burger was delicious at lunch.  The appetizer was very good as well.  Service was good. We had no complaints.
I just finished eating the Pressed Cuban Burger at Mesa Grill and all that I have to say is AMAZING!!!! The garlic mayonnaise went perfectly with their fries.  The service was top notch. I definitely recommend eating at the Mesa Grill!. . You have to try their jalapeno corn bread!!!!
Amazing!  I went twice in 2 weeks.
I really can not say enough about Mesa Grill.  I wish I could eat here all the time.  I am so glad that I don't live in Vegas because I would go broke.  Not from gambling but from going to the Mesa Grill and eating everything on the menu multiple times.  We have heard good things about the restaurant so I took my husband here for his birthday.  The staff was amazing!  Our waiter was the best ever, he was nice and helpful and knowledgeable.  My husband had the Lamb Chops, they were very good.  I however ordered the most fabulous thing on the menu, the Pork Tenderloin.  It was spicy and the sauces were perfect, the meat juicy and cooked just right.  The tamale that came with my dish was a sweet potato.  I don't like sweet potato so they gave me a jalapeno one instead, and this was also great.  For dessert we shared a banana cream pie.  It was delicious as well, sweet but not too sweet.  The restaurant itself is large and you can somewhat watch the kitchen.  The grilling area is right out front for people to watch and as we left we heard the cooks asking someone watching them if they had any questions.  I thought that was great that they encouraged people to ask about what they were doing.  This entire experience was one of the best dining experiences I have had.  The pork tenderloin was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  Not kidding.
Bf and I ate here on a Friday night. We had reservations at 10 pm and were both STARVING after a long drive from LA. . . We were seated promptly, and our waiter came and took our drink orders. After that, a bread basket came out pretty quickly- all the breads were delicious!  Because we were starving, we cleaned out the breads before our food came out. . . For appetizers, we ordered the shrimp with roasted garlic corn tamale, as well as the blue corn pancake with barbecued duck. Both were delicious!  . . For entrees, I had fish, and my bf had the pork tenderloin. We also ordered sides of corn (omg!!) and baked potato. We were both very happy with our entrees, but between the two, I think I enjoyed my bf's pork tenderloin a tad more.  And if we come back, I'm definitely getting the corn again!. . All in all, it was a great meal!  Check it out- you won't be disappointed!
Gorgeous restaurant! High ceilings with a modern classic look. There is a window looking into the kitchen area where they grill the meat. Pretty awesome.. Was hoping to see bobby flay there hah. Stopped by for a quick lunch and had the sixteen spice chicken salad! It was delicious! Chicken was beautifully cooked.. Topped with goat cheese. Salad dressing paired very well.. Except there wasn't much lettuce... Bread basket was amazing!!! You have to try the  Jalapeno corn poppers! And blueberry muffin!! . . I sat at the bar. Had amazing conversation with the bartender! This was a very enjoyable lunch! Definitely not as crowded or touristy as other places on the strip!
Yes, it's famous. Yes, Bobby Flay is a celebrity chef and could open up a McDonald's in the ghetto and people would line up in droves - but luckily, that's not the case with Mesa. The food here is fantastic. The portions are large, and it's reasonably priced for Vegas standards. . . We came here on a Saturday night after a show, and even at 9:30 PM, our reservation saved us a pretty long wait. Started with the tiger shrimp and had the lamb porterhouse chops for the main event. The wife got pork tenderloin and loved it even though she hardly ever orders meat. The lamb was also very tasty with a serrano sauce that gave it a kick that one would expect from Bobby Flay. . . Overall a great meal in a great atmosphere for a good price. There a lot of options for famous chefs' restaurants in Vegas, but Bobby Flay has got a great thing going at Mesa, and for my money, it's well worth the trip and a must try.
Okay, so I understand that Bobby Flay is the owner and creator of this restaurant, and that's not the reason for my 5 star rating.. . Mesa has the most amazing service I've ever experienced at any restaurant, EVER! The servers work together as a team. It's not just one single server to your table, we had different staff refilling drinks, changing out utensils and asking if there was anything we had needed.. . With that said, the food was amazing! I had ordered the chef special, which was 30$ or a three course meal! What a steal! And 5$ was donated to helping the hungry in Las Vegas... What a great cause. . . My meal included: for my starter, the raw tuna 'nachos' (amazing) the main course, a blue corn tortilla crusted halibut (so flakey and buttery) and for dessert a hands down best cake I've ever had, coconut cream 4 layer cake!. . Epic meal! I'd come back every time I visit Vegas.
Bobby Flay, you have done it for us time and time again.. . I have been here more than 5 times and it has been delicious over and over again. It's like an anti-drug. Lol. Anyway, the food was so delectable!!!  Where do I even start?. . The pricing is also not that bad too, for some good Tex Mex. :)
Been here a few times, and I've loved it each time. Tonight's particular occasion was to celebrate my boyfriend's mom's birthday. We originally had our hearts set on going to Bacchanal, the buffet inside Caesar's Palace, but the line was ridiculously long. So we checked out the wait at Mesa Grill, and the tables were filled, but they were able to seat us without too long of a wait--thankfully!!! I was famished!!. . Right in the heart of Caesar Palace's casino, the decor is colorful and inviting. The hosts are friendly and welcoming. The dress code can be anywhere from casual to dressy. We were dressed casually, but never felt that we were underdressed. The atmosphere felt easy and had an eclectic array of patrons!. . We started off with classic margaritas. Not too tart or too sweet, but refreshing. They brought out a bread basket which came with an assortment of cornbread, a jalapeno bread, and a raisin bread--all done with a southwestern flair. The jalapeno bread definitely had a kick!. . For appetizers, we ordered the shrimp and grits. It was one of the specials they had for the night. Two jumbo sized shrimp on a bed of corn and grits, with a spicy, chile type of sauce with hints of cilantro and peanuts (which gave it a Thai kind of flair, I think).. . For our main course, I ordered the blue corn crusted halibut. It was served on top of a "warm salsa cruda" which was a mixture of olives, tomatoes, jalapenos, and capers. The blue corn crust added a delightful crisp to the fresh and flaky halibut, and it's flavor and texture were only complimented by the salsa. Delicious! I also ordered a tamale as a side. It had some jalapeno butter melted right into the tamale--yum! My boyfriend had another one of the specials: the pork chops. It was served with vegetables and potatoes, and had a nice smokey, spicy flavor. My boyfriend's mom had the salmon with a side of mashed potatoes. The salmon was grilled and slightly charred, which added a good smokey flavor to her dish, as well. The mashed potatoes were also delicious!. . At this point, we were pretty stuffed but my boyfriend's family is friends with Chef Augustine, and he brought out 3 different kinds of dessert: a strawberry tarte, an assortment of sorbets, and a coconut cake. The strawberry tarte was my favorite. It reminded me of a fancy strawberry shortcake, a buttery tarte shell, filled with a strawberry compote type of consistency, topped with a fresh whipped cream. The sorbet assortment came with 3 different favors: coconut, raspberry, and mango habanero (which was such a strange and exciting burst of flavor lol). The coconut cake consisted of several layers with a coconut creme anglaise and toasted coconut--not to sweet, great with coffee, a must for coconut lovers!. . Finally, for the service. They've got the friendliest, knowledgable, and thoughtful group of servers, hosts, and food runners. . . Everything about this place is pretty great. You gotta give it a try!
Can I just say that Bobby Flay is a genius?! Bobby, how do you manage to play with Southwestern flavors so naturally and creatively, elevate it to gourmet level, and yet maintain its authentic homey quality? He is the most down-to-earth of all the talented celebrity chefs, and you can feel it in his food. . . The restaurant is another story... It's wonderfully trendy and fun, very colorful. The ambience feels more like a fancy bar, but I love it. We came here to start a night that ended at PURE; a really good way to start your night, it has a great energy.. . If you're in Vegas and thinking of trying this place, stop thinking and just eat here!. . We came without reservations on a busy Friday night. The wait was very long, but they were accommodating and offered to serve us in the bar area. The bar tables are pretty small, and could barely fit our party of four. But the food made up for everything. This is a small restaurant ladies and gentlemen, and it gets PACKED! So please, do yourselves a favor and make a RESERVATION. . . I had the ancho-chile marinated salmon, and the cilantro mashed potatoes. The red-sauce basted salmon came plated atop a green tomatillo sauce and a black bean sauce. Did I mention i love sauces?! Everything was very flavorful, which makes me happy, but all well-balanced. The cilantro mashed potatoes were my FAV, I'm a big fan of cilantro. . . The best part....wait for it...all the recipes are available on the food network website, so you can make Bobby's dishes at home! I'm not sure if they will come out as good, though. I will be making this salmon (with the sauces) at home.. . Price: $42 plus tax and tip for the salmon and mashed potatoes. A bit pricey, but well worth it.. . BOTTOM LINE: Brilliant use of southwestern flavors, amazing food. It's a bit pricey, but worth it. Splurge a little, give it a try, I guarantee you won't regret it. Don't forget to make a reservation.
Restaurant Week "Best Lunch" Winner!. . Had a very enjoyable lunch here..all for a steal of $30??  This was a must-stop for me, just reading the menu offered...and I am happy to say that the food exceeded my high expectations!. . Starting off with the complimentary bread basket...the corn muffin was very good!  The others were also tasty and eaten up by Little Foodie!. . For app, the Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale ($18): Corn and Cilantro Sauce. This was highly recommended for good reason...This was perfect lol!  Very large, sweet and tender shrimps, very fluffy, tasty corn tamale with a mouthwatering cilantro sauce! Noms :D. . Of course, I went with the Burger for entree!  Green Chile Burger ($16): Queso Sauce, Roasted Poblanos, Pickled Red Onions and Southwestern Fries. VERY good burger...juicy, and packed with flavor from the roasted peppers and onions. The fries were great, with a slightly salty spicy taste. Worth it!  One of the better priced options on the strip that packs a punch!. . To finish, Caramel Chocolate Pudding ($11): Malted Whipped Cream. This was good but not amazing...wish it would have finished the meal off strong! The candy bar bits on top were nice to mix together though.. . Service was great, prices were fair but a steal for RW menu!  I did have to put down a credit card for my reservation via Opentable for the first time though...not a big deal to me, just keep it in mind.  . . Put it on your to-do list :P. . Pics!  :
You get what you pay for at the Mesa Grill, and that's a good thing with the prices.  But it is worth it.  Every time I go to Vegas I make sure to eat at least one dinner at the Mesa Grill.  My go-to dish is the coffee rubbed filet mignon.  As usual, it was perfectly prepared and was so tender you could cut it with a fork. The seasoning was also perfectly applied.  I have his cook book and can approximate the seasoning, but it isnt as good as the real thing.  I had the roasted corn as a side dish for the first time and I could have eaten it as a meal in itself.  It was delicious.  Working my way backwards, I had the blue corn pancake as an appetizer.  The duck was delicious in the chili sauce, I only wish it was a little bigger.  Overall, it was a great meal.  I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Finishing up a business trip we went to Mesa Grill as this is on our list of must try places. . . We ended up getting just appetizers, which watching other people seems everybody that was there did. . . We got the Tiger Shrimp Tamale - Simply amazing. I know everyone says that, but it really was. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, which is a rarity. I don't know what else to say.. . Second we got the Pancake with duck, which also comes so highly recommended. It too was delicious, we ranked it second behind the Tamale, but was still amazing. . . Third, we got the stuffed squash blossoms. Really good, not something I would normally order, and indeed it ranked 3rd of the three.. . Overall, the food we enjoyed was incredible... but $60 for 3 small appetizers, we probably would not go back just due to budgetary constraints.
My girlfriend and I went to Las Vegas last weekend for her birthday. As soon as we got to our room in the Monte Carlo, we naturally began searching Yelp for nearby restaurants. When we found out that one of our favorite Food Network Chefs, Bobby Flay, had a restaurant at Caesar's Palace, it instantly shot to the top of our list. . . We went to Mesa Grill for our last night, after going to Wolfgang Puck's, Lupo and Emeril Lagasse's Table Ten the nights before. The location was very convenient since Caesar's Palace is in the middle of the strip and the restaurant itself was absolutely gorgeous, very clean and modern. Everything you could possibly want for a classy Las Vegas experience. . . Personally I still had some doubts because Tex Mex is not my girlfriend's or my favorite type of cuisine, we never seek it out, but I would say I don't have much knowledge about it either. I didn't find the whole idea of Tex Mex too appealing.. . I started getting even more concerned when I found the wait staff to be a little pretentious and more than a little snooty. Our main waiter in particular made me feel like we didn't belong since we're a young couple blowing all our money on this short getaway and not some rich established older people who can really afford to got to a place like this without worrying about making rent. Anyway he seemed rather annoyed at our amateur etiquette overall ignorance regarding such extravagance. But I think we won him over with our charm by the end.. . The man who took our cocktail orders was by far the best, giving us all kinds of knowledge about the menu, making friendly conversation, sharing his personal preferences and just really making time to stop by a few times just so see how our drink experience specifically was going. The drinks were absolutely delicious.. . Be excited about some pretty good free bread to help prepare you for the journey ahead. The bread grew on me as I ate more, but it was nothing to. . We actually tried to save money by getting two appetizers, the Tiger Shrimp Tamale and Blue Corn Pancake, and only getting one entree, the Chile Relleno (one of my favorite dishes in life that was conveniently the most inexpensive entree on the menu). But when we tasted the appetizers, we instantly ordered another Entree, the Pork Tenderloin. The Tiger Shrimp Tamale especially was like tasting heaven. It the shrimp was zesty and bold pairing perfectly with the creamy garlic sauce. The texture of the tamale was very pleasing and the consistency  was tender, but still substantial. The Blue Corn Pancake was also delicious, the flavor was more simple, the duck was very juicy and was smothered in a succulent dark, deep, rich, velvety sauce. It was very aromatic, just a truly seductive dish.. . The Chile Relleno had the most stunning presentation in my opinion. The cornmeal crust is that perfect amount of golden crisp, not oily. It's satisfying cracking it open like Creme Brulee and unleashing the cheezy melty, spicy explosion within. There are so many textural layers that make the experience of eating it so dynamic and just adds to the diversity of flavor. I've never had anything like it; by far one of the best dishes I've ever tasted in my entire life. It was like eating art.. . The Pork Tenderloin was also breathtaking to look at, and my girlfriend would say it was the prettiest presentation, but we would both agree it was the best dish of the whole meal. I never knew that meat could be prepared in such a way where every nuance, every single note of flavor possible to achieve in the universe can sing in harmony together so immaculately. Every single flavor that has ever excited my taste buds came flooding back and brought back friends I never knew existed and we danced, danced, danced! Pure ecstasy. After that is kind of a blur. All I know is that I had eaten the best thing I have ever tasted.. . And that wasn't even the end. We were so drunk on the pleasures of food and drink that we ordered dessert, the Toasted Coconut Layer Cake. The coconut shone throughout the dish, the cake was incredibly moist, the icing was soft and delicate and the Creme Anglaise just took the cake to another level of decadence. . . Overall the meal was one of the best in my whole life. The experience was also one of the best in my entire life, but I wouldn't call the restaurant experience perfect because of the service. In general Las Vegas service lacks in attitude. They do all the right things technically, but their attitude, personality, and what they say always leaves a lot to be desired. There's is rarely genuine friendly service and this restaurant, sadly was no exception in that area. But I still give the restaurant five stars for just being so breathtakingly delicious, the restaurant's atmosphere was beautiful and clean, and the service was still professional, fast and insanely efficient (when we ordered another entree, they still came out at the same time only minutes after we told them). Yes, go here! The end.
We made a reservation for 7pm on a Tuesday night.  They require a credit card for any reservation.  No big deal. Do it and it will save you a lot of time.  I am a gluten free girl and let me say I was able to select about 90 percent of menu items!!  There is something to be said about high quality FRESH food :). . . Between the four in our party we each ordered something different and had a variety of options.  The tiger shrimp tamale was excellent and I highly recommend it. My hubby had the tortilla soup, it was more like a tomato soup however it was full of flavor with a traditional Bobby Flay kick at the end.  My friend had the bbq duck taco and loved it.  For drinks the ladies had fresh margaritas, I loved the selection of tequilas as the had my favorite available Gran Centenario blanco.  The gents had beer of course IPA and loved it.  . . Main courses included the 20 oz rib eye, which was plenty to share.  Score!!  It was cooked to perfection and had a couple of sauces that accompanied it.  The cioppino was served with what taste like cilantro lime base a huge prawn and cooked to perfection scallop, along with halibut, mussels, and clams.  The portion sizes are perfect. I could not finish my soup after stealing some rib eye and twice baked potato.  Over all we completely enjoyed our dinner. The staff was fantastic and accommodated my gluten allergy which exceeded my expectations!!  Great job Bobby, the only negative was that Bobby was not there the night we visited :( but apparently was due anytime for a visit so we were hopeful. :) next time Bobby, next time!!!!
BEST CHICKEN I HAVE EVER EATEN!!!! We also had the quesadilla as an appetizer and the guacamole relish on top is awesome!
My buddy and I were looking for lunch and chose MESA over Gordon Ramsey Burger. We were not disappointed. The service was great. All servers answered all of our questions and catered to our requests (IE. sauce on the side) with a smile. Both the agave margarita and the ice tea were great. Being from Texas I expected a bigger margarita, but it was very good. The ICED TEA IS VERY GOOD TEXANS..      Free bread basket 2 different breads and a blue corn muffin. That was an unexpected bonus..      For entrees we ordered a green chile cheeseburger and a regularburger, both with fries. Perfect medium, great buns, well seasoned, juicy. These burgers were big enough that no dessert was needed..      If you are looking to try out an "iron chef's" restaurant, at a good price, YOU CANT GO WRONG HERE @ LUNCH.
Obviously the restaurant is going to be good as everyone knows its Bobby Flay's baby.  But I was blown away just by how large and complex the flavors were.  The Tuna rough cut nacho's were absolutely amazing.  The cous cous that was served with the rabbit was probably the best things I've ever tasted.  Not a large selection in regards to beer and whiskey, but very excellent simple options.  Would highly recommend.
Visited Mesa recently and was nicely suprised. We came without reservations so we had to wait about 30 minutes but when we got to the table the service was amazing and the food was awsome! I order the Cioppino with green sauce and that thing will always remain in my brain! how good that was. They were serving soem rolls with Jalapeno and they tasted great I want more. I have been to ther celebrity chef restaurants paid a lot and been dissapointed (read Mario B.) but Bobby really delivered with this one! Son had the lobster Tacos, tiny but good.
I've been to Vegas about 10 times in the past few years for work. This place is TOP of my list for at LEAST one meal per trip. I must say the jalapeno bread is worth an extra piece to begin your meal. For appetizers you can't go wrong with Blue Corn Lobster Tacos to start OR Goat Cheese Queso Fundido which will BLOW YOU AWAY! I also order the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin which gives you 3 BIG Pork Medallions with an Ancho Chile Sauce and Sweet Potato Tamale! TRUST ME this WILL fill you up! I always order extra Tamale and you HAVE to have the Roasted Corn. Cotija, Cilantro, Lime & Smoked Chile Aioli. BEYOND WORDS! The wine list is extensive and the staff is excellent. If you get the chance have some dessert, be sure to split it with the table as you will fill up quickly on the apps and entrees, and always go with the coffee and zambuca to settle the stomach before you leave! This is LIGHT YEARS ahead of the New York location!
I recently had brunch at Mesa Grill, with three girlfriends (four moms with college age kids).  We had a reservation for 11:30 and arrived a bit early, no problem we were seated early at a lovely table.  Now, we knew the food was going to be great...but what struck me most was the attention to detail and the impeccable service.   For example, one of my friends does not like ice in her water, the server noticed and every time her glass was refilled they used a pitcher of water with no ice.  We all shared the shrimp tamale as an appetizer, we were each brought a nice plate and after we finished, we all received clean silverware.  Another item, some of the party sitting next to us were wearing black pants and the server switched out their white linen napkins for black ones.  Now you may not think that is such a big deal until you get up from the table with white lint sticking to your black pants.. . As for the food, everything we ordered was perfectly prepared, flavorful and beautiful.  The shrimp,tamale is not to be missed, the shrimp was perfectly cooked, moist with a nice snap to it.  I had the spicy scrambled eggs served with apricot glazed ham.  The eggs were fluffy, the goat cheese tart and let's not even talk about how good the ham was.. . I was impressed both with the quality of the food and the quality of the service.  My view is that you can have a great meal, but if the service is sub par, the entire dining experience is diminished.  But if get the combo of great food and great service,you have the recipe for a meal to be remembered for a very long tome.
I've been meaning to come here for years, after hearing superb review after review from friends and colleagues. We made some reservations and came in on a busy Saturday evening for a great meal. . . Service was SUPERB. Let me tell you now that this is the best oiled restaurant I've ever seen. Waiters are attentive, tables and cleaned within seconds, and the staff knows the menu inside and out. Our waiter said he had been there for over 5 years - so, that's an amazing testament to how great it must feel to work there as well!. . With that said, the food was everything I could ever hope for.. . Pork Tenderloin: Great, hearty portions of tender pork. Cooked in bourbon, giving it a great flavor. Tasty ancho chile sauce on the pork. Accompanied by a sweet potato tamale with a pecan butter - amazing! Must try this. It's supposedly one of their signature dishes, so you really can't go wrong with this.. . Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops: Smaller portion compared to the tenderloin, but still an amazingly well made dish. Serrano pepper sauce with a mint chimichurri. Comes with a blue corn tamale with basil butter. This complimented the dish really well, although I preferred the tamale that came with the pork tenderloin. . . Side of grilled asparagus that wasn't anything special, but complimented the dishes very well.. . Give this place a chance and make sure you have reservations beforehand. It's well worth a trip!
I loved this restaurant - great food and service.  Based upon the yelp reviews, we had the shrimp tamale and queso fundido.  Yelp was super right because I have never had a better tamale and the cheese dip was amazing.  We also had the halibut which was a little spicy but cooked perfectly and the chile relleno.  The coconut cake was not very good because of the dry frosting, you should definitely steer clear of it.. . I can't wait to go back!
After many years of watching the Food Network and seeing Bobby Flay mention his Mesa Grill I finally got a chance to stop in and try it out.  The place was packed, but I was on a business dinner so I am sure that they made reservations.  I found it funny when they said that our table was not ready and motioned that we can sit in the bar area and get drinks, but the second we ordered the table was miraculously ready.  I see this a lot so no worries.  I started with the queso dip and OMG it was liquid gooey crack.  So damn good and I couldn't stop eating it.  I wanted a steak but passed on it and got the lamb chops only because it came with a tamale side and the steaks had a side extra for $10.00.  I did notice when others ordered that when you get a side it is enough for two people.. . The bread was really good especially the blue corn muffins, I could have stayed there and ate the whole basket.. . The meal came and it was very good with perfect portion sizes.  It was busting with flavors.  My only complaint, or more like a warning and if I could take a 1/2 star away I would is that there are too many flavors.  Remember this is Bobby Flay that we are talking about.  If you are in the mood for a nice basic steak, go somewhere else, if you want a piece of fish with a basic cream sauce go somewhere else.  Here you will get spice, seasonings and peppers, not bad at all but just depends on what your mood is.. . The service was some of the best that I ever saw and the crew was very helpful.. . I am glad that I had a chance to visit Mesa Grill!!!
After Food Trucks became trendy in 2010, people loved all things fusion.  Craziness persisted.  We saw stuff like sushi in burritos, we saw french fries with kimchi, and we saw bacon in everything.  Before the craze, chefs like Bobby Flay and David Chang established their names with their creative fusion blends.. . Just because foods are creative doesn't mean that they'll be good.  One of the problems with fusion foods is that they tend to be one dimensional.  They're usually spicy or tangy or sweet or bacon-infused to the MAX.     . . You gain an appreciation for this place as soon as you try one of their dishes.  Take their popular "blue corn pancake", for instance.  It looks simple:  you have a thin blue cornmeal crepe and it's filled with barbecue duck.  You take a bite and you notice the sweet notes of the barbeque sauce.  That taste fades and you then notice the tender duck meat.  The dish is small, so it forces you to eat slowly to make it last.   As you chew slowly, the subtle, nutty heat of the habanero sauce begins to rise.     . . Flay's appetizers are full of flavors that are distinct without being over-the-top.  . . When I came here for my birthday dinner with my girlfriend, we opted to sample several appetizer instead of choosing one main course.  We knew that it would be the best way to get a good mix of flavors.  . . You can't miss the roasted garlic tamales with tiger shrimp.  It was a favorite of my girlfriend.  The chef said that it is the most popular appetizer and that the recipe has not changed in twenty years.. . My favorite side dish was their roasted corn.  It reminded me of ordering corn at a park in East LA.   You get the flavors of lime, garlic, white corn, various cheeses.  It's great street food, but improved upon.  But their sweet potatoes are good too.  It's served au gratin.  It's creamy - it's very evident that they used a lot of cream here.  But it also has interesting spice that reminded me of pumpkin pie.   It's a nice, flavorful starch to complement their popular pork tenderloin or coffee-rubbed steak.. . This is fusion done well.  Its flavor pops in three dimensions, but without the need of glasses.
Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is located in Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas.  Upon first entering the restaurant, the staff greets you with a friendly smile and asks about your appointment time.  You are then seated and the waiter will ask the customer if it's their first time here.  They go through a couple of specials and go on their way.  The servers though are waiting for the orders from the kitchen.  The wait is well worth it.  Tbe food is deliciously tender and spiced just right.  The wines are light.  A coffee and desert is light.  All in all a great experience for a date and business meeting.
Stopped by at the bar for a quick bite before gambling, Mesa didn't disappoint again (I had been there a few years ago when last in town).  . . Service was very quick, my wife and I had the cactus margarita to begin, was yummy.  We then had this brunch bacon quesadilla that came quickly with a fried egg on top.  It was sooooo good.    We finished by splitting a burger that came with really good seasoned fries.   You could tell they were double fried because they were so crispy and good.
I would go here for dinner over any place in Vegas hands down.. . Amazing margarittas, everything tastes amazing and the food it honestly the best you can get flavor wise in Las Vegas. . . If you dont like the tiger shrimp, wrap the rest to take home and mail it to me. I crave it all the time.
Thanks to everyone who recommended this place.  First, yes get the signature margarita, even if you don't typically drink margaritas.  The service  is five-star, and each and every bite of everything we ordered exploded with flavor. Highly recommend this place.  Share what you order with your party so you can try various dishes......or just go back for another incredible meal.
I would recommend this restaurant over any others on the Strip when you are considering a fancy dinner.  I've dined at all the high end restaurants and keep returning to Mesa Grill.  Chef Bobby Flay is known for sassy and bold flavors, and Mesa Grill has never disappointed me.  My favorite entrees are spicy-rubbed pork tenderloin with mushroom couscous and wild rabbit with sweet potato stuffed corn tamale.  Both are perfectly cooked with just the right amount of spicy on the tenderloin, and wonderful flavors.  The jalapeno corn muffins are out of this world.  If any had been remaining, I'd have stuffed them into my purse.  The service is superb with good wine list.  Reservations are highly recommended for dinner.  Mesa Grill is the only reason that I visit Caesar's Palace except to gamble of course.
Great food and service. I had seared scallops and creamed spinach as a side and it was more than I could eat. As with everything on the strip it was over priced, but at least it was excellent. HIghly recommend
I've been here severaltimes. The tiger shrimp corn tamale is a must. We came for brunch today and I tried to lamb Cobb salad. That was very tasty also! My husband ordered the pork sandwich, which was excellent!
Have been here maybe 5-6 times over the years and keep on coming back.  Finally getting around to YELPing it, and deservedly so.. . This particular time, went for Sunday brunch.  As is typical with any brunch menu, it's rather abbreviated to have a smattering of southern style egg dishes/grits/biscuits... all good.  Will be honest, was here more for a traditional lunch and would've loved to have more options, but is what it is.  bc what we chose was still great.. . We shared the CAN"T MISS Appi, Tiger Shrimp tamale, which is an everyday appi on their brunch and dinner menu.  U just cannot go here without trying this appi.. . Wife had a lamb/cobb salad. Pretty fantastic flavors with the most awesome bacon ever.  Lamb was cooked delightfully so with great flavor.  Fresh, fresh, fresh yet also very light.. . I got the pork tenderloin sandwich with caramalized red onion and arugula.  Very much a panini sandwich, but the pork was super flavorful and very tender.  Fries were tasty, but didn't want to feel all gross and just ate a portion of that.  . . Overall for lunch, would've loved to have some more options to choose from but that's what u get with brunch.  Nonetheless, it was a fantastic lunch.  The bread basket was pretty yummy with the assortment of fresh breads/biscuits/scones.. . The service was attentive and exceptional.. . For anyone dining for dinner.... DO DO DO get the Honey Chipotle glazed Rib Eye, OH MY!!!  it's dang good.
Been there a few times, each time another great experience!!. . If you are able to obtain reservations.... Go & Enjoy!!. . Good wine list, great meal menu!!
I have been passing by this restaurant evertime I go to Ceasar's Palace in Las Vegas and we usually use this hotel for accomodation. Mesa Grill is close to the food court and close to the Casino, It is one of those restaurants that have been there for a long time and really made it's mark. For some reason thou, I would always pass by Mesa Grill, look at the menu and move along. To be honest, if you just go with what the Menu says it would not wake up your taste buds, the items listed are so simple and sounds..ehhh. . . But time and time again I would always wish I have tried Flay's restaurant when I get back to L.A., especially since I am an avid cooking channel watcher and self claimed foodie. This weekend, me and the wife had a quick getaway and I made it a point to get a table in Mesa Grill, with very high expectations, since I just saw him kick ass in the Kitchen Stadium and throwdowns....I AM GLAD I FINALLY WENT!. . Looking at the Menu outside, I decided to start off with  some Tiger Shrimp w/ Roasted Tamale and the wife got Blue Corn Pancake, both tasted wonderful and they really set the mood for the mains. Although browsing the menu, nothing really looked exciting to me, luckily I saw some tenderloins, (the bourbon got me) and I went with it. The wife wanted some fish but all they have that night are scallops and a Cioppino, both were not her likings so she decided on a Filet Mignon, medium rare, and we got some spicy sweet potatos on the side.. . Let me tell you that the first bite of the Tenderloin, Mesa Grill had me... the meat was soft, very tender, the spices are there and you can really taste them but does not overpower the meat. It was delightful. The wife's filet is holding it's own on the taste department, the rub and the mushrooms are something to behold.  Somehow the star of that meal is the spicy sweet potato, the way it was prepared is something that I have not seen nor tasted before. the potatoes are cut in a rectanglein thin sheets and piled high instead of mashed. The texture of the potato changed and the spices are unbelievable, something to taste to believe. Bobby did not dissapoint at all with this restaurant and I will continue to cheer on him on TV or up until I come back to one of his restaurant.
im giving this place 5 stars bc bobby flay.. and i only came here because of him. BUT BESIDES THAT. everything was delicious and served up in a classy way i got the tuna nachos and my friend got the mesa burger. we both loved our food and everything was fresh and appropriate amount I'll be coming back here every time when im around. the servers were also very nice and helpful. i love you bobby
Awesome brunch with interesting selection of menu items.  You will find it hard to choose. . . Waiter and overall service was really great - among the best we had all weekend.  . . If you are looking for a unique dining experience, that is NOT the endless buffet, this should be at the top of your list!
My husband and I went for lunch last week while we were on vacation. The food was amazing. He had the pork tenderloin sandwich and spicy fries and I had the ancho-honey salmon. We were both more than happy with our meals, and also the price as it was lunch. Our server Michael was extremely knowledgable and gave us recommendations and informed us to the chefs ideal temperatures for both of our meals. I was very jealous of tables around us with the goat cheese fundido which also looked incredible. I overheard michael explaining what was in it and he was very knowledgeable and helpful. I would definitely eat here again next time I'm in Vegas, but next time I will get a margarita!
While dining in Vegas for work, Mesa Grill was definitely the highlight (in terms of dining). The Mesa Grill is located in the Caesers Palace. Since I was by myself, I decided to sit at the bar and order appetizers. Thankfully there was no wait. . . Bread Basket -- complimentary warm bread basket while you wait. The corn muffin is to die for!. . Shrimp Tamale -- One of their signature dishes, and its a must. I love tamales, and Bobby Flay has definitely raised the bar with this appetizer. I can see why it was listed on Food Networks "Best Thing I've Ever Eaten". . Tuna Nachos -- Thankfully there is no cheese on these nachos. It is sashimi served with a couple different sauce with chips to scoop. Good light appetizer with a lot of flavor. . . White Peach Margarita -- Excellent margarita with high quality alcohol. No syrups were used while making this cocktail, and it gave me a good buzz just after one cocktail.. . Overall it was an awesome dining experience -- job well done Bobby Flay!
Really flippin' good salads here. The first time we came for lunch: . I read the description of Sophie's chopped salad and wanted it, eyed a pretty salad that ended up being it, ordered it and enjoyed every bite. . Bf had the Sixteen Spice Chicken Salad that was also delicious. Our company who came late ended up getting the same thing since it was so good. . . We also came for weekend dinner.  As far as appetizers, the Lobster Tacos were filled with soft, delicious chopped lobster complimented by the crisp of the shell. The Blue Corn Pancakes with duck are very similar to a Chinese duck wrap dish, with a very rich flavor. For the main entree you can't go wrong with the lamb, pork chops, or the salmon... all were perfectly cooked and delicious. The tamales that come with the lamb and pork are a bit atypical, with a more ground up consistency than your normal formed tamale- the Sweet Pototo and the Plantain flavors were unique. . . Bread basket was really unique: jalapeno corn bread (amaaazzing), walnut bread, asiago bun (drool).. . Friendly service, definitely on the slower side for weekend dinner (from ordering to food arrival was ~45 minutes.
We had the shrimp tacos and the blue corn waffle with bbq duck. The duck is without a doubt one of the best duck dishes I have ever had, the meat was so tender and the bbq sauce was superb, shrimp tacos were ok and the sauces for the tacos excellent+ try the habanero and the green sauce
My favorite restaurant in Vegas! I've tried several items on their menu- blue corn pancake,  chile relleno, duck quesadilla, Mesa burger, blue corn lobster tacos,  and veal chop just to name a few...I have never had anything I didn't like from here! I look forward to eating at Mesa Grill and try to dine here as much as i can when I'm in Vegas. I'm a huge foodie and even with all the new restaurants that are constantly popping up on the strip, I still love coming here. . . Ps- I always ask for seconds on the bread basket so I can have more warm, delicious blue corn muffins!
As a celebrity chef Bobby Flays MESA GRILL is a must visit restaurant for foodies. Service was excellent and we where seated at the time of our reservation. I ordered the signature Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale followed Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon with Mushroom - ancho chile sauce both dishes where excellent. My date had the Blue Corn Pancake*. Barbecued duck + habanero chile - star anise sauce Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Bourbon - ancho chile sauce sweet potato tamale + crushed pecan butter. She indicated both dishes where spicy but delicious  nonetheless. Our waiter was very good and knowledgable about the menu indicating he has been there since they have opened. I would highly recommend a visit to MESA GRILL to any fellow foodies
We have been scared away from this for many Vegas trips because of the prices, but finally caved for the brunch menu.  SO GLAD that we did.  We make several trips to Vegas each year and will be coming back to Mesa to frequent the chilaquiles.  The eggs and tomatillo sauce over blue corn tortillas is the ultimate recovery food from a night out.  My husband got the poblano chile burger and it was phenomenal.  Bobby Flay's restaurant lives up to the celebrity chef hype - and for reasonable prices at lunh!
Being a huge Bobby Flay fan, it was always my dream to eat at one of his restaurants.  I had very high expectations that I was very fearful would not be met. How wrong I was... 1. Bread Basket; this was awesome. I love bread, and I love trying new things.  We got a jalapeno sour dough, corn muffin (with some kind of added spice) and a sweeter, nut bread.  Just like Bobby on iron chef/ throwdown, he took a normal food item (bread) and added such neat variations.  Loved every bite of every bread item.. 2. Tuna Nachos; delicious, fresh, unique, tasty.. 3. Salmon BLT; it was listed on the website as swordfish BLT but changed to salmon on the actual menu.  I was happy with this change as salmon is my favorite.  This was probably my favorite meal I have ever received from a restaurant.  The French fries tasted like truffle fries and had a delectable array of seasonings added.  As for the sandwich, everything from the bread to the bacon to the salmon was absolutely PERFECT. I couldn't believe how amazing this sandwich tasted.  The bacon was special... I don't know what made it special, but I am telling you something was different about that bacon. Every bite was divine. My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it.. 4. Spicy Chicken Sweet Potato Hash- have never seen or tasted a more unique dish.  My boyfriend liked my sandwich better but both of us agreed that his plate was so notably different.  It didn't look like a lot of food, especially compared to my giant salmon sandwich, but the egg/chicken/potato combo was very filling.  . I went looking for delicious food, pretty decor, and a great date.  I got all three, and more.  Though it wasn't cheap, I felt that for once I really did get the bang for my buck.  $75 got us 2 meals, delish beer, appetizer, and a giant bread basket that kept us full all day.  If you are a food adventure seeker and haven't tried Mesa Grill, you are surely missing out.  I will be eating here every time I am in Vegas.
Flay Slayed it. We loved our lunch and will definitely return. I don't normally eat fries but...these are amazing. Lamb cobb salad is an unusual dish to see on the menu so I had to give it a whirl. It was exceptional. We ordered the ahi nachos. I found the chipsdistracting from the main star of the dish. Dining mates burger was crazy good. Even the wine menu was reasonable and not marked up 300%. . . I'm glad Bobby's place is a winner!
One of the best dining experiences we have ever had.  Deanna, our server, was incredible.  We had a conversation about how much we love bloody mary's and she went out after work and bought us her favorite mix!! We went back the next night to pick it up and she even made us a mini bloody sample! Above and beyond.  The food was flawless.  I would pay what we paid time and again based on that overall experience.  Thank you Deanna!!
The pork tenderloin. Oh man, the pork.. . If it was publicly acceptable to do so, I would write poetry dedicated to the wonder that is the magical spice-rubbed pork tenderloin here. But I don't think that people in general would understand.. . That is, unless you tried it. Then you'll get it.. . I won't even talk about anything else we ate here. It was all quite good, but I don't want to take away from the chances that you try the pork. Get that, and then figure out what you want to go with it. Do not avoid the pork, at all costs.. . In summary: get the pork or at the very least, die trying.
Every time I'm in Vegas I have to eat the pork tenderloin. Cooked perfect and tender. The twice baked potato is a great side as well as the greens as long as your not afraid of a little heat. The tuna nachos for appetizers were fantastic!
OMG the tamales were so amazing!!!!!  The goat cheese dip was out of this world.  I could have eaten 3 of them myself!  There was this amazing sweet potato pie layer that was so rich that I couldnt eat more than 2 bites so share that dish.  Great service!  We didnt get the steaks but our neighbors did and they looked so juicy and tasty.
Get the pork tenderloin, to die for!  Everything else was top notch. In Vegas? Need food?  Go HERE !!
Excellent food! Excellent service! Dinner begins at 5 pm. We had chicken and New York strip steak! Unbelievable taste! Side dishes were amazing ( we had mash potatoes and corn). Will definitely continue dinning with them!
Had a wonderful dinner for Christmas, I had the Blue Corn Pancake with duck, it was super delish, it was sweet and good! I also had the Pork Loin with Ancho Chile, it was so soft, sweet and spicy. For desert I tried the carrot cake, nothing special but it was good.  Service was excellent, would recommend.
As big fans of Bobby Flay, Mesa Grill has been on our food bucket list forever. And his food did not disappoint!. . Margaritas - I can understand why Mesa Grill is famous for these. We tried the classic margarita and the cactus pear margarita. The classic was delicious with a good balance of flavors. The cactus pear was sweeter and while it started well, I was over the sweetness by the end.. . Blue Corn Lobster Tacos - talk about a flavor explosion... these were amazing! Definitely try these.. . Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops - tender, succulent lamb chops that were grilled to perfection. The mint chimichurri sauce was delicious. It came with a plantain tamale which sounded better than it tasted (again, my aversion to things too sweet).. . 22oz Bone-in Rib-eye - big, bold, yummy.... . Roasted Brussels Sprouts - I know, I know, it's just brussels sprouts. But you haven't had these brussels sprouts. You must get these.. . For dessert we had the Churros dusted with cinnamon sugar and star anise. The star anise was subtle and gave the churros an interesting scent and flavor. It was served with a dark chocolate and a coconut dulce de leche dipping sauce, the latter of which we could have licked out of the bowl. A great way to end the night.. . As for dinner service, it left a little to be desired. Technically everything was executed fine. It's the little details like, the tables that flanked us were seated after us and offered dark napkins due to the customer's dark clothing. My husband and I were also in dark clothing but were not offered dark napkins, so I fussed with white lint on my black shirt the rest of the evening. And the server was effusive in his recommendations and menu explanations to both tables flanking us but didn't offer anything to us. It was weird and an example of how much better everything could have been.. . Motivated by the exceptional food, we came back for brunch and had the spicy scrambled eggs - perfect balance of spice, creaminess, sweet, salty, tangy. The service was great this time and it was an awesome way to start the day.
