when you think of the mirage, you think of a janky old hotel, but i've stayed here 2 times, and have been very happy with both stays.  there is a giant saltwater aquarium at the lobby, and there is a tropical atrium walkway with waterfalls along the sides leading to the casino and hotel rooms.  they have redecorated the rooms since i was here last (about 10 years ago).  if you're going to watch the beatles love show (which is awesome, btw), you get to go in the vip line for will call.  there is a cpk, a starbucks, blizz froyo, and various other restaurants and shops.  and there's also the siegfreid and roy secret garden dophin and white tiger habitat by the pool outside which is pretty neat.  i don't think a lot of ppl opt tostay in this hotel, so you usually get a room with a view of the strip (and volcano too, if you're lucky).  it's located near the middle of the strip, so it's quite convenient.  it's right between the cesar forum shops and fashion plaza mall, and across the street from the venetian shops as well.
Hmm. Ive actually stayed in this hotel many times during my stays in vegas but more so recently since the reno in 2008. The rooms are modern and fresh, the beds are comfortable, and the housekeeping don't seem to knock on the door at 9am on a sat morning! I hate when that happens... . I mean I know its vegas and we hardly sleep but I need to catch at least 3 hours before I go again!. . The bathrooms are clean, the hotel staff are nice, the hotel is pretty much in the middle of the strip with access to everything.. . I will def stay here again :)
So this is long over due, but definitely well deserved and if I could give more stars I would.. . November of last year on the weekend of the 19th, I went with my boyfriend and his parents to Las Vegas for his mom's birthday celebration. We stayed in two regular rooms on the 6th floor, which had a lovely view of the strip and the rooms were very nicely organized and clean. We stayed til Tuesday and during our stay, the hotel's staff was nothing but welcoming and provided great service.. . When we left on Tuesday to return home, we thoroughly enjoyed our time spent there. A day after returning home, we received an email from the hotel asking if we left anything valuable. Assuming it was I , who may have been forgetful, I rummaged through my suitcase and tried to recall if I may have left something. . . They boyfriend then proceeded to ask his parents if they left anything, and that is when we realized his mom left her Chanel diamond bracelet. The hotel's lost and found personnel responded by saying one of the maids found the item in their room and returned it to the Lost & Found office. We were amazed at how kind and professional the Mirage Staff was with the incident. . . We are very grateful that whoever the individual was that found the bracelet was kind enough to return it. This isn't always the case, as the prior year, my boyfriend and I stayed at Caesar's Palace where he left his ipod touch, and on the way to the airport we contacted Lost & Found as well as the Room Service and Cleaning Staff, they replied that nothing was found. Although it was unrealistic to have that returned, I knew that someone who was cleaning up probably swooped it up. It's reassuring to know that The Mirage Hotel & Casino, have some great people working there.
This is one of the best hotels in Vegas, hands down. . . A friend and I stayed there for 3 nights and it was just sheer bliss. I wish we could have stayed longer. I will definitely be back for my birthday in October. The rooms were so sound proof that I couldn't hear anything. Either that or i was on a floor with very quiet old people. The location of The Mirage is very convenient because its kind of in the middle of the strip. We didn't need to use  a car, instead we used the tram or just walked.
I'm completely sold on the Mirage. I really am. I've stayed at many hotels in Vegas and this by far takes it. For the price you pay it's definitely worth it. The hotel is clean, smells good (not too bad on smokey side like other hotels) and the rooms are decent size (bathroom is a little small but manageable). My girlfriends were able to score us a room on the 22nd floor facing the volcano and we were super pleased with that. The only issue I really found with the room was the temperature. It was on the wonky side but once again still manageable. The windows open which was a big help! We didn't get to visit the pool so maybe next time but all in all the property was great. Not to mention the location, it's literally near everything you want to do. I think we took one cab and walked the rest of the time. . . I cannot wait to stay here again and seriously for the price we paid I can't complain!
For this Vegas virgin no more, I must say my trip to Sin City was all that I expected and a million times more!! . . And choosing the Mirage to spend four glorious nights in was the right choice. From booking six months in advance, to check in, to check out and everything in between, I was constantly happy with the service of the hotel, the quality of the accommodations, and the overall experience. . . We snagged one of their 24-hour sales early last year for an October 2010 booking, and ended up paying less than $90 a night. . . The rooms are classy, very modern, very clean, and spacious. . . We were on the 12th floor with a Volcano view room, and were able to catch the backside of the Volcano show whenever we were in our room in between doing the Vegas thing.. . My Mirage highlights include: Watching and rooting on my San Francisco Giants to win game one of the 2010 World Series in the Mirage Sports Bar, much grubbing on California Pizza Kitchen, and riding the same $100 on the roulette table for an entire hour!. . I would definitely stay at the Mirage again!
What more could a Brit want from a Vegas hotel:. . - The Beatles playing on a loop in the lobby (right next to a Beatles 'Love' shop, next door to the Beatles 'Love' show). - A mini menagerie of animals INSIDE the grounds of the hotel. - A pool surrounded by waterfalls, with drinks on tap. - Superb on-strip location. - Huge, swish suites . . Cannot say enough great things about the Mirage! . . Brilliant breakfast buffets, awesome gift shops, two nightclubs on sight, ace slots, plenty of restaurants... would LOVE to stay there again. . . LOVE LOVE LOVE the Mirage!
I recently stayed at the Mirage last week for 3 nights....loved loved loved it. The rooms were nice, clean and big. Modern decor and comfy bed. The only down side to the room was the bathroom was really small, but hey I'd rather have a larger room than bathroom. They also has a window that opens up which is nice. Not many rooms these days have windows that open up. Its good to get some fresh air!! They have a fridge that is well stocked if you need anything. The mirage is also in close proximity to the shopping mall and a Walgreen's which is great! I would definitely stay here again.
We stayed here on our most recent trip to Vegas and I loved it! Our room was large and modern and really nice- the bed was seriously awesome- almost as comfortable as my bed at home. . . The casino floor is huge and there's tons of gambling for whatever game preference you have- I made sure to leave my financial contribution down there- lol.. . The restaurants are aplenty! We ate almost all of our meals there- Stack was fantastic, BLT Burger had super awesome burgers (and shakes!!!), Carnegie Deli has MASSIVE portions and is sooooo good.  But our favorite was definitly BB King's. We'd have breakfast there every morning and I was addicted immediately.  They have great southern, down-home style food and it is all fantastic. Don't leave Mirage without trying it!. . The pool is beautiful here- it's one of the top reasons we chose to stay here- it can get packed and hard to find a chair if you get there too late, so set your alarms, claim your chair and you can nap all afternoon there while recovering from the night before! Make sure you try their frozen strawberry daquiri out there- super yummy!
I stayed here for 3 nights and enjoyed every moment. Jon at the front desk hooked my GF and I up with a penthouse suite (1200+ sq. ft) for an amazing rate! It had an incredible view of the strip (right over the volcano). The bed was very comfortable (memory foam), the bathroom was the size of many SF apts , the jacuzzi tub was relaxing, and the room overall was newly remodeled (there was granite throughout and everything seemed very luxurious). If you're looking for a VIP Vegas experience, then stay at the Mirage's penthouse. It was incredible. . . As for the casino, I had a lot of fun playing a few games. There are a lot of restaurants, lounges, and a club in the resort, too. I liked Japonais the most, since I'm a big sushi fan.. . The staff is very polite and friendly throughout the resort.. . I also spent time at the pool and the zoo. The pool was impressive (too bad the weather wasn't warmer) and the zoo was fun--great seeing the dolphin acts and the white tigers.. . All-in-all, the Mirage really made our Vegas vacation. I was impressed by the entire experience and cannot wait to book that penthouse suite again!
my friends gamble once in a while and we got a good package; basically MGM offered it and mirage is part of it.  . they gave us great rooms and some money to play and food tokens and I have been in mirage years ago; forgotten how nice it still is. . good views of strip and great pool and awsome service.. . all the restaurants are around and you have lots of choices and good shopping; we got even Jet passes and good show tickets. O tickets woth 170 each; I have seen almost all cirque del sole not the greatest fan but this one better than beatles and alegra. if you love jumping and circus acts this one is the one for ya.. . well you need to gamble so you get all these free stuff was worth it.. . pretty middle of great stuff. you can go across and you are in venecian.. . good looking younger crowd and lots of good looking ladies walking around; better than other high end casinos..lol hint for the guys
Luxury at an affordable price point... hunt for a deal.. Great place to stay. Walking distance to Wynn, Venetian, Caesar's Palace, Bellagio. Great views from the rooms in all directions (some views are extra). Nice calm atmosphere.. Find a deal on the Internet, you will absolutely enjoy it!
We didn't receive any birthday offer for my dad from Las Vegas hotels on the month of his birthday. I called several hotels asking if they could give us an offer if we stay for my dad's birthday weekend and Mirage said they could give him free 2 nights stay (friday and saturday!) . . PROs:. 1. They offer deals if you call them and ask. . 2. Nice interior surroundings.. 3. Big casino area.. 4. Convinient bridge from the Parking garage to the hotel.. 5. The give free birthday gift (champagne). 6. Their buffet was pretty good.. 7. Free Tram transportation to Treasure Island.. 8. Big room.. 9. Clean and simple bathroom. . 10. Decent number of restaurant.. 11. Has a mini shopping area. . . CONs:. 1. No Monorail Station.. 2. Resort Fee $20/night.. . . Defintiely will go back with a Birthday Celebrant to get good deal!
I love the Mirage Hotel & Casino Resort! My family and I stayed here for my wedding weekend and it was fantastic. I'm not sure if it was because we had stayed in the Penthouse suites, but their service was top notch! Anytime we called for anything, we recieved within minutes. Our car was always ready in valet, and the hotel is just beautiful. Everyone was so friendly and professional.. .  I love the garden area with the water fall which is a great spot for photos. It is very spacious in there and checking in was a breeze. . . I went to the pool twice that weekend and it's nice to have open space. The only downside was finding a place to lay out! The kids love the water fall into the pool too. The bar at the pool has the best PINA COLADA's EVERRR!. . I will be staying here again!
My first trip to the Mirage was a great one! The hotel and casino are beautiful and fairly easy to navigate (which is saying something for Vegas which has famously confusing casino floors). We had an excellent experience with the front desk staff - Luis was extremely professional and helpful for us in securing our room upgrade. Our room was amazing and the housekeeping staff did a great job. . . There is a lot to do on site at the Mirage. The Mirage volcano (which underwent a $25 million upgrade I believe) was brand new to us on this trip - the past times we had been it was under construction. Definitely do not miss this! The pool at the Mirage was awesome although nothing too different from most resort pools I have been to. The Paradise Cafe (located by the pool) had great service and food. . . It's not advertised but the Sigfried and Roy Tiger Habitat offers a $3 per ticket discount to Mirage hotel guests if you show your room key. We gladly took advantage of this and enjoyed seeing all the animals. . . The Beatles Revolution lounge (located just off the casino) has a really cool ambiance and atmosphere, but $9 for a Heineken bottle is a bit excessive. We loved the Beatles Love Cirque du Soleil gift shop - sadly we could not get tickets for the show, so we spent a good amount of money in the gift shop buying souvenirs instead.. . One downside to staying at the Mirage is the $20/day resort fee and additional tax that is charged not only on the room but the resort fee as well. To their credit, they are up front about the resort fee - it was NOT hidden, we were well aware of its existence before we booked our room.
We love staying here during Winter months (Mandalay or Bellagio during Summer) but we should definitely try them out during Summer too since their tropical pool is impressive. The Mirage is centrally located, within walking distance to numerous properties: Caesars, Venetian/Palazzo, Wynn/Encore, TI, & Fashion Show Mall.. . Hotel: spacious modern room with all the ammenities you could hope for. 42in LCD w/ functional media plug ins, powered work area, fridge, & rear lit vanities. The only thing drawback I could see is there is no separate shower & tub. Although, their villas are probably the best Vegas has to offer... check them out they're unreal.. . Casino: everything you need... even though Mirage is one of the first massive Vegas casinos they've stayed with the times and updated their gaming floor. Nothing seems too dated and they keep with the theme nicely.. . On-site restaurants: BLT Burger - amazing sliders & shakes. Carnegie Deli - the Woody Allen is a MUST for any pastrami & corned beef fan. BB King Blues Cafe - great service, tasty food, and lively bands. CPK - it is what it is. Rhumbar - great drinks, service, and outdoor lounge. Fin - pricey but awesome Chinese food if you're too lazy to drive down Spring Mt. Road. Kokomo's - perfect for that romantic/special ocassion. I still have yet to try Samba (Brazillian Steakhouse), Stack, & their Buffet but is on the to-do list.. . Overall it's great value for all it has to offer: rooms, location, ammenities, and if you sign up to their mailing list you'll get offers almost too good to be true. When you check in be sure to ask for any available upgrades. They'll usually place you in a higher room or one with a view of the pool or volcano.
I didnt spend the night at this hotel but i was very impressed with what i saw.  I was able to hang out in a regular room and a suite, both were clean with good decor.. . The pool was great, we took over three cabana that was located in this private pool area.    Each of the cabana had a tv, couches and fridges.  My favorite part was its misting pipes to keep you cool while laying out in the sun.  The staff was also considerate as well because this are was reserved for 21 and over.  That allow us to bring in a children to celebrate a birthday as long as they didnt swim.
This is the first time hubby and I stayed at this hotel and I loved it's location because it was literally close to everything that you don't need to drive. Very busy hotel though I must say. Hubby and I checked in on a Sunday night and were surprised to see a lot of people checking in as well. After the desk clerk confirmed our booking with extras (complimentary buffet everyday, 1 king non-smoking) and let us know about the resort fee we were all set. When we went up to our room we were surprised that they gave us a double queen bed. Hubby and I were dead tired by then and just wanted to relax but he suggested I let them know they made a mistake in assigning our room. I called and the desk clerk who picked up rectified the situation by switching our keys to a room that was higher up and was a king non-smoking and it had a great view of TI, The Venetian, Casino Royale, etc...Our room was immaculate. I heard the hotel had undergone renovations and they did a good job. The room had everything except for a refrigerator. I mean, it did have a fridge but it was stocked full of the mini-bar stuff that they want you to sample. . Upon check out I was surprised to find they charged us for 3 drinks we did not take from the bar. After explaining to the clerk he just took them out of the bill no questions asked. I'm thinking there was a previous occupant when we came and they didn't get charged for those drinks so they put it on our tab (???),. Overall, a great stay and would definitely come back ;)
I have stayed at the fancy mancy hotels (Bellagio, Caesars Palace, Wynn, etc...) and Mirage comes to me #1 now. Its not fancy, however it is very chill. The location is the BEST! You have access to basically all the good casinos around. The front water show is better then Bellagios (I think) The rooms were not all that expensive compared to others. The Pool WAS THE BEST! The waterfall...so relaxing. The ONE thing I did not like was how we would have to go through the lobby to get to the pool. I don't want random people seeing me go to the pool....just saying...
Solid hotel. Rooms are very clean and decently spacious. Prices are okay (affordable (most of the time)). The location is excellent since its pretty central on the strip.. There are plenty of restaurants inside, including affordable ones like BLT Burger and CA Pizza Kitchen. . . The only thing that was kind of a pain was walking from the front of the hotel to the elevators. But then again, it seems like many hotels on the strip are like that due to the parking being in the back
Paid to stay here the first time I came and have yet to pay for a room since.  If you stay here, and gamble here, and are an M-Life member, you won't either.  I'm no big fish, just a guppy.  I even got bumped up to the Deluxe room last time.  It had a jacuzzi tub, separate shower, dual sinks, etc...very nice for absolutely nothing!  You do have to plan your stay to coincide with the best deals they offer.  It's pretty good right now...anytime through the end of November, no blacked-out dates.  Best place to stay and not rent a car.  Very central-strip location.  If you want the Monorail, just cross the street and walk through Harrah's, no problem.  If I want a free ATM (not an easy thing to find), I go next door to Ceasars where there is a BOA ATM in the shopping center.  THE best place for your money and location.
Overall we enjoyed our stay and loved this hotel!. . We were here the first  week of August - it was packed busy, so it took a lot longer at the valet each time we needed our car.  Typical wait was anywhere from 20-30 minutes at the front.. . It is a large resort in itself - so prepare for a long walk through the casino to get back to the rooms.  That's ok because the casino is fantastic!  I echo the reviews about MLife cards - sign up right away - its good in other hotels as well and those points add up fast - leading to loads of freebies.  . . Rooms were comfy and well decorated.  Not cheesy.  We were in a deluxe Queen - great views, feather pillows, they do that sheet-wrapped down filler thing now instead of a smelly comforter.  Lighting in the room is poor but contemporary - but we didn't hang out there - just slept there most of the time anyway.. . We saw both the Beatles Love show and Terry Fator.  Both were a HUGE hit with the family (all adults, but the shows can work for the kiddos, with a few explanations to the Fator show).  I want to see LOVE again.  . . Dined at the buffet (getting there between breakfast and lunch let us have the option of both meals) and the Brazillian experience at Samba.  Delicious!  My only meh moment there was all of the meat selections were heavier with just one chicken selection and no fish options... they served flank steak, sirloin, lamb, pork, sausage, and chicken.  Sides were amazing though.  One dinner was a set menu option at Kokomos - I wasn't impressed with the filet -or any of the meal-until the dessert.  Small, but loved the berries and cream.  Tasted some chocolate goodness my hubby ordered - very rich. . . We gambled on their machines mostly this trip.  Won big on the 25cent 7s!  Going home a winner always makes for great reviews...
This is a fantastic hotel with an amazing location. I've stayed at a few different hotels on the strip and this is by far my favorite. The rooms were recently renovated so they're really nice and we had a room overlooking the strip which made it even better. The hotel was really clean and it had a lot of good restaurants. . . I'll be staying here next time I head to Vegas.
It's not super swanky or sexy but it is has a great location and i always seem to get awesome rates here! The rooms aren't anything fancy but covers the basics! Really big pool too if you aren't looking for a day party and would prefer to  have a chill day and just tan.. . oh, if you're coming with a group and your plan is to pack as many people as possible in a room, this is not the right hotel for that.
I have passed through the centrally located Mirage on many occasions over the past 12 years.  It has been renovated in recent years, and has new restaurants and clubs.. . My review is based on one night that was spent in Villa One in the year 2000.  Yes, this review is 11 years old, but worth the wait.. . As you may know, there are a handful of very special villas and another handful of lanais that are reserved as special accommodations for high-rollers and special guests.  They do not advertise these room types on the site, nor do they allow guests to pay for them under most circumstances.  If you have seen 'Vegas Vacation', one of the lanais were used as the high-roller suite provided to Nick Papagorgio.  The villas at the Mirage are said to have paid for the entire construction of the Bellagio!!. . So, my friend wanted to throw a big party in Las Vegas, and needed a special space that could accommodate a live band, approximately 30-40 guests, and a full bar with catered food.  The event was set to take place at The Venetian, but they backed out at the last minute after learning about the live band that was set to perform in the room.  So, the race was on and it was up to me to save the day.  Apparently, I was the only one with a Black card.. . As I began calling around to find a venue, I was looking out the window of our Venetian suite at The Mirage tower across the way.  Why not call them first?  They are right across the street!  So, I called.  The nice woman who answered decided to transfer me to a casino host named Matt Sacca.  Matt is very cool, and still works as a host in Vegas at Green Valley if I am not mistaken.. . Anyway, Matt said he could hook us up with a villa and that our party sounded fun.  After all, it was only one night.  The negotiated room rate was $10,000 plus catering, full bar with wait staff, PA system rental and setup, and miscellaneous taxes and fees.  The room rate ended up being a small portion of the total bill.. . I could go on and on about that night.  There is too much to write here as Yelp limits the space.  Suffice it to say, I learned a few things that night.  Some key lessons include:. . 1.  If you want to spend all of the money you have in Las Vegas without gambling, they have made it very simple for you.  Catered food, bar service, and a private butler can easily set you back $10K+.  A PA system is about $5K a night.  I did not ask about the lion rental.. . 2.  If skinny dipping occurs in your private pool, the butler will fish out the bathing suits and return them to you in plastic bags the next day.  Don't worry, he wears white gloves.. . 3.  Nudity, extreme public intoxication, and Rascal scooter wheelie competitions are frowned upon in the casino.  However, the Rascal is a good instrument for earning quick cash.. . 4.  If you want a return invitation, none of the above will help you.  Spend your money at the casino tables if you want anything comped.. . 5.  Do something this stupid at least once in your life, given the chance.  Make your friend with the cashola really happy, and spend the airlines miles earned to take a relaxing vacation.  You will need recovery time after the Vegas madness.. . I will never forget that night, and that is a good thing because I just realized I completely taped over the video footage taken.  Probably a good thing!  How long is the statute of limitations in Nevada anyway?
Stayed here for The Aesthetic Show conference taking place in May 2010 and the rooms were spotless (and very reasonably priced! I believe I paid around $69 a night!). Very modern deco and the Mirage website photos actually match exactly what the rooms look like, which is always nice. Tip: If you book a room directly off their website, they offer 20% off tickets to see LOVE (at least, they used to in 2010, not sure if that is still the case). I had absolutely no problems with this hotel and enjoyed every second. Great restaurants, too - try Japonais! Revolution is very pricey (I think water was like $7 but was a great time - no cover for ladies and lots of eye candy:)
Excellent hotel, enjoyed the club revoluion and the rhumbar.
I can't say anything about the food, the rooms, the shopping, or even what it looks like inside.. . I always WIN when I play here.  I don't know what it is about this casino.  It just brings me luck.  Doesn't matter if the dealer is a mean mugging old Asian geezer or a sweet white lady with a super teased frizzy perm.  I always win.  Any business that puts money back into my wallet is 5 stars.
Stayed here for a 4 day 3 night trip and was absolutely satisfied with every aspect of this hotel. First, the check-in was originally at 3pm but we got in early and they allowed us to check in at 10:00am! I was super stoked because I was ready for a nap. The room was just as described and the pictures were on point.  We got the deluxe room with two queen beds and the room was a good size and the beds way comfy and soft! The flat 42" screen tv was mounted on the wall and allowed a lot of table room and counter space. Just don't use anything in the stocked fridge because they will charge you an arm and a leg.  The furniture looked all new and the entire decor of the room was appealing.  The staff was super friendly and attentive, one night we were even a little too tipsy we were offered a wheelchair back to our room! And the next day the staff checked up on us to see if everything was ok. I thought that was considerate (or they wanted to make sure we were alive!) LOL.. I also like the set up of the hotel because not all of our party was able to get on the same floor but all the elevators were located in the same vicinity which made it easy for us to all meet up. There is free wi-fi access to all guests as well as a cardio area. I will definitely stay here again, it was a little pricey but you can get good deals if you keep searching.
I seriously have no complaints about this place! Our check in was supposed to be at 3pm but we arrived at 12:00pm and early check in wasn't a problem.I stayed for one night with my boyfriend for his 21st birthday. We told the front desk girl that we were here for a special occasion and slipped her a $20 bill. . . She upgraded us to the Tower Deluxe Room and sent up a complementary bottle of champagne. There were jacuzzi jets in the bathtub and a king sized bed. They also do room service check ups late at night like around midnight just to make sure we have enough towels etc. The cleaning lady gave us chocolates when we opened the door. Awesome! The overall feel of the hotel is not so bad either. The decorations and plants in the lobby look extravagant and there are lounges and bars to hang out atdownstairs even though we didn't go exploring too much. Overall, I recommend this hotel if you're looking for a very nice place for a cheap price!. . Pros:. -Good service. -Complementary upgrades. -Located in the middle of the strip. -Early Check-in. . Cons:. None
ROOMS (King Deluxe): 5/5. Decor & Electronics: Lovely. Very modern and fresh. There was ample seating, and we were pleased to find plenty of AC outlets and even some direct USB jacks. There's a great flatscreen HDTV with an HDMI port for you to watch movies from your laptop (just be sure to bring your own HDMI cable, as the hotel doesn't lend or sell them). There's also plenty of storage for clothing and whatnot in the many drawers around the room (though you may want to note that there's no wardrobe, so good luck hanging up any of your more delicate outfits!).. . Bed: Incredibly comfortable. We spent more time sleeping than anticipated just because it was so damn comfy! The sheets were fresh and soft, the mattress was firm yet moldable, and the pillows (which I never seem to have enough of in hotels) were, for once, entirely adequate: big, fluffy, and, like the mattress, firm yet moldable. . . Bathroom: Quite small, but it didn't bother me, though it might (actually, it probably) would bother others. It consisted of a toilet, a sink, and a shower with an attached tub; there's no additional room for movement aside from opening and closing the door. The shower curtain was outward-bowing, so there was plenty of bathing room, and the water pressure and heat were fine -- fully acceptable, if not more than.. . Cleanliness: Terrific. I found no stains, dirt, or dust anywhere. I'm EXTREMELY picky about room cleanliness, so for me to be this pleased is very rare and certainly says something about the standards held by the Mirage. In fact, they have a 24-hour cleaning crew! Even if you sleep until 3:00, you can still expect your room to be clean by the timeyou get back later that night.. . Noise: Nearly as silent as it gets. Sure, we would occasionally hear groups of 10+ guys carousing their way down the hallway, but it was muffled enough that it hardly registered, and it was certainly never loud enough to wake us up. We never once heard the folks in the rooms on either side of ours, nor did we hear any water from other pipes or sounds from other TVs.. . Price: Exceedingly affordable. Our stay was $40 a night (mid-December, Tues-Fri). The $20 resort fee is a bit much, especially considering the Internet connection was never particularly reliable, but it's not unusual for Vegas casinos, so it's difficult to knock them for a charge every other place adds on.. . CASINO: 4/5. Games: Fun, but a bit limited. The tables are pricy, and we couldn't find several of our favorite newer machines (e.g., Texas Hold 'Em and Multi-Hand Blackjack). . . Service: Fantastic. Everyone was exceedingly friendly and eager to help. When a couple cut in front of us in the line to check in, a security guard, who had been watching, came over and quietly led me and my boyfriend to a hidden open desk at the far end of the room so that we wouldn't be cheated out of our "turn" at the counter. We also watched one clerk get quite unfairly screamed at by a guest for not honoring an expired offer; the clerk offered her a freshly printed copy of the details of said offer, along with her own name for the woman to complain to management. At the end of the transaction, the clerk told the woman to have a wonderful day without a trace of irony or sarcasm in her voice. These people are truly interested in making your stay as pleasant as possible.. . Cleanliness: Fine. I didn't notice any trash, and the bathrooms were always clean.. . Decor: Not particularly inspired, but certainly nice. The little tropical forest with the waterfall at the entrance gave off a very fresh smell that was oddly comforting, especially after the reek of booze and smoke on the Strip.. . Food: BLT Burger is a great place to eat. Other than that, though, the choice of eateries is a bit lacking. The only place open 24 hours is the Carnegie Deli, which I can tell you is most definitely overpriced; they're coasting entirely off their name (I mean, $22 for lox on a bagel -- seriously?!). Still, the food there's good, if you're willing to pay the massive premium. We just found ourselves wishing there were more options available to us late-nighters.
I have stayed at The Mirage twice and had a great experience both times.  The rooms are newly rennovated and well kept.  The pool is blissful, lots of waterfalls and palm trees and tons of room to swim or layout.  Only word of caution is to go to the pool early as people get a bit territorial and save chairs for friends and then take off for hours.  The casino has about 4 roulette tables going at any given time.  This is fine during the day or late night, but can get crowded during prime hours of 8-12.  There are lots of restaurants and great places to eat inside the casino.  BB Kings is great for breakfast, and the Buffet has king crab legs and asian potstickers on Saturday.
I really loved staying here and would definitely stay again. The decor is so beautiful and I love being sound the plants and fish in the lobby. It's very swanky without feeling pretentious.  Their casino is enjoyable too. The beds are out of this world.  The heated pool during the winter is really nice, especially to take advantage of unseasonably warm days.  My only complaint is the doors on the rooms are so thin, you can hear a lot of noise in the hall.  I would recommend foam earplugs if you have any doubts. It's still not enough to keep me away from this hotel, especially since the location is outstanding.
SO much fun training dolphins for a day. Absolute favorite thing we did in Las Vegas. The employees are so great. If you are 13 or over, and love animals, this is a MUST DO.
I love Mirage and the Mirage loves me. It is my go to hotel when staying in Vegas. If I could move in I would that's how much I love it here. Best restaurants on the strip, fantastic pool, great rooms, never tire of the Volcano show and as for the overall beauty and grounds can't be beat. Sure you can break the bank and stay at the big shot strip hotels but Mirage never disappoints or lets me down. Don't worry Mirage I'll be back in another couple of months to see ya.
Across the street from the widely acclaimed Venetian Hotel, I definitely prefer The Mirage. The inside is like a rainforest. They even have a real tiger behind the pool area, but there's an entrance fee to see it which I didn't do. The pool is STUNNINGLY amazing. Went there to soak up some sun. The water's aqua blue with mini waterfalls and an overpass for people to walk across. It's not in your typical round or rectangle shape. I couldn't see the overview of the pool, but it looked like a giant "M" or "S" (perhaps I'm totally off LOL). LOVE this hotel!!
Thank you Mirage for being overbooked this week, as a result I got to enjoy a lovely penthouse suite. Words cannot express how grateful I am as this room was SO great! Very updated, spotless clean, most comfortable bed I have ever slept in (if I could ship one of theseto my apartment, I would), MASSIVE, amazing, etc. Got a great deal on Priceline as it was a weekday stay. In addition to my room luck, this hotel has sooo many great bars, restaurants, shops, and gambling to choose from. It's very modern and has a very fun environment. The pool, surrounded by palm trees, is a gorgeous sight as well. One of the most fun casinos I've stayed in on the strip and best bang for your buck (even without the penthouse!). I was here on business but I hope to come back and stay here for pleasure!
What more can you want?  I've stayed at the Luxor, MGM Grand and (I can't think right now what it was - some suites a bit off strip).  The Mirage will be my "go to" from now on.  Great sized room for a general suite.  Lots of room to move around, lots of drawers and dressers.  A nice big chair to lounge in.  Flat screen.  A desk with two chairs.  Big comfy king-sized bed.  . . The location was much better than down at the South End of the strip (Luxor) and the mid (MGM).  With the Venetian directly across, Ceasar's and Bellagio nearby.  For cheap gambling O'Shea's was just in reach too.  . . I play poker and really feel comfortable in this poker room compared to some others around town.  We ate at Cravings, Japanais and BLT burger and had great food at each one.  . . From the bag handlers to check in/out to MLife desk support to the concierge, everyone was very helpful and nice.  . . Great experience all together.. . Update:  Now that I've been to 4 different MLife hotels (Luxor, MGM Grand, Aria and Mirage), I can clearly say that the Mirage wins the all-around favorite.
I am in Vegas - ALL THE TIME - between working there about 2 mos each year to 4-5 weekend trips a year I believe I have stayed at every hotel on the strip except Trump. I have to say that when it ison my own dime I nearly always choose The Mirage. The rooms are great, nicely decorated, clean, comfy. Location is perfect as you are across from the Venetian/Palazzo, and still easily walkable if you want to Wynn, Caesers, Bellagio, and City Center if you really want to.. . The restaurants are great - particularly Japonais, but there could be a few more lunch options.. . I really really really like the pool. While they don't have a "party pool" (Wet Republic, Marquee Dayclub, etc) it definitely has a fun atmosphere and lots of chairs for relaxing.. . On value alone would be a 5, but had to knock it to a 4 as of course there are other hotels that just offer more opulence (Wynn, etc), but all in all I think it is the best value and you can't go wrong with The Mirage.
Love this casino. Very clean. Our Non-smoking room didn't smell like smoke like the other places i have stayed. A lot of hotels on the strip are dated. This one is very modern an more my style. The decor is crazy. Rooms were nice, clean and roomy. Great view of the strip. Good nightlife here. Food is great. Carnegie deli/resturant is a must! Will stay here again!
This is my favorite place on the Vegas Strip. Centrally located, lots a fish and aquatic Polynesian theme .Easy to find different parts of it, not like some of these places that go on and on forever.
Great location, decent prices and great customer service. I stay here all the time. Nothing extremely fancy, it's just right!
We've been staying here for over 20 years and it still doesn't disappoint.  I'm frustrated with the nickel/dime upcharges they've developed though.  You want the better pool with less kids: $50 per person.  You want a guaranteed early check in: $30.  In the past they perked you on loyalty. Now it's strictly points based on casino play and dollars spent.  The good news is they now give points for entertainment and food dollars in  all of their hotels.. . Still a solid choice.  Impressive (but packed) pool.  Pretty good deals from the M Life gambling card but don't fear using hotels.com.  My son used that and got an awesome room.  They offered a special: $81 room rate WITH $75 food/beverage credit.  Happening now. . . Concierge tended to be more personable & helpful to the older adults in the group & more rude to the younger 20 somethings.  If they are in the mood, ask for some freebies to clubs, etc.  They have several to offer. . . Check their website for incredible suite prices & bring some friends. The spa offers a $28 break from the crowds. The deli has monster sandwiches (that come with an equally large price) but sharing is recommended.
Just got back last night at midnight! Stayed 3 nights on the 19th floor. Roland, the check-in guy, really hooked us up. My daughter's birthday was being celebrated and he got us a great view of the strip and Volcano. Thank you Roland! Your customer service was impeccable. We had a deluxe room which is basically a standard room there but it is actually pretty nice. It had two queen size beds so the kids & I could sleep. The beds are REALLY comfortable. There is a flat screen TV and the room is definitely big enough for everyone to walk around comfortably . The bathroom wasn't very big but it was adequate for the basics. Hot water was working good while we were there. The location of this hotel is probably top-notch. You really can't beat it! The pool was lovely. I took my kids down swimming and we had fun swimming around and playing under the water fall area. The pool is so huge that there was plenty of room for everyone. Of course, we were there on a week day. On the weekend, it's probably chaos! If you stay at the Mirage, check out the Dolphin Habitat and the lions/tigers. Roland hooked us up again with tickets to it. It was very fun. The white lions and tigers are beautiful and so are all of the other animals. My kids loved Shadow the black panther and bought some stuffed animals that looked like him :-). Hubby and I had a good time playing the Ghostbusters slot machines. We won a bit of money on them. :-) Overall, it was just a really fun time and a vacation the kids will never forget. It was their first time flying and their first time in Vegas. We thought the kids would enjoy Vegas because of its shows and we were right. They also loved the pool and animal habitat. I think the Mirage lived up to our expectations. If my husband and I go back, we will probably get the suite :-). Thanks again to Roland and to the Mirage staff for making it a great trip.
I am definitely a fan of the Mirage. We stayed there on our first trip to Las Vegas. They upgraded us to a strip view king suite for free. The pool area is superb! The athomosphere is classy and exciting. Everyone there is so friendly and helpful. It's located in the perfect spot on the strip and within a hop, skip and jump tothe monorail. Top Nop! Super clean!
Our visit started on a good note and has been nothing short of fantastic! Check in was fast and easy. We got a room on 23rd floor with a view of the pool and the strip. Great views! The room was spotlessly clean and smelled nice. Thick and fluffy towels. This hotel is packed with great restaurants and lounges. The service is really top notch. Every person we have come in contact with has been friendly and helpful. The pool experience has exceeded our expectations! The pool is beautiful and clean. There is music playing, wait staff always available, and gorgeous, lush surroundings. Truly an oasis in the desert. We will definitely stay at the Mirage again. This stay has far exceeded my expectations!
This review is for the POOL only.  One of my favorite places to get my swim on!!  I love hanging out poolside and sipping on a cold beverage on a hot day here.  Plus, there are tons of chairs to get my tan on and tons of water to get my swim on.  I particularly like the waterfall/water spouts around the pool and the accessibility of food and drinks when I feel the need to 'fuel up'.  Although the drinks tend to mimic the strip prices, a Lava Flow with an extra shot is guaranteed to keep you happy for most of the day.  Awesome pool.. will be back again soon!
The Mirage has one of the nicest interiors of any Vegas casino I've been to. Definitely check out the rain forest area as well as the Volcano show on the outside.. . The #1 reason to stop by Mirage is for the Beatles Love show. I was just completely blown away by it and I highly recommend it to anyone in Vegas. . . Mirage is on my list for must-visit casinos.
This review is specifically for the Sports Bar at the Mirage, just outside the sportsbook.. So my wife and I had just walked in from the heat (9pm) and she wanted a drink before bedtime.  We plop down and I see our waitress talking with other customers before coming over to us. The bar isn't too busy at this time.  Her name is Maryan and the first thing you notice is her incredible mane.  She has this voluminous head of dark black hair that is quite striking.  She is also wearing the standard referee uniform.  . . We ordered our drinks and when she returned we start talking to her and she has this wonderful and engaging personality.  Before we know it, she is telling us about her Italian heritage (mine is as well), her grandfather and his bakery and the way she was raised in an Italian mafioso-type family in New York.  I'm basically mesmerized by her story and childhood experiences.  It's like listening to a story about the Sopranos.. . We finished our drinks and before departing she gives my wife a hug and a smile.. . Now this is the way to treat customers, like they are family.  . . Maryan, thank you for a wonderful visit!  Next time we get to Vegas we are coming by to see you. :)  Best of luck to you!!
Ohh man I feel like I might have to revise the rating after the next Vegas trip.  Main reason because I got up a good amount here on my way out of Vegas, also I will give it a 5 stars because I think the Casino itself is extremely nice, the dealers are friendly and they also offer lower stake games like $10.  I even got on a table with $5 hands.  . . Let see how I do next time I visit.  Also haven't stayed at the hotel yet, but I would like to give it a try.
Aaaah my favorite casino. I love The Mirage, everytime I stay here it's a great experience. The pools are freakin' awesome and the casino is great too. I always stay here when visiting Las Vegas and enjoy my leisure time. I really enjoyed the Cravings Buffet inside and the Carnegie Delicatessen is off the chain as well. Vegas Run in about a month for me, so guess where I'm stayin??? MIRAGE!!
Located on the Las Vegas Strip, this was one of the first properties of the "corporate era" of Las Vegas. A theme property with out a theme (I mean that as a good thing). Yes the decor is lush and tropical but it is evocative of nowhere in particular, it is your own tropical paradise. . They have a great selection of restaurants and clubs. I always feel welcome when I go there. Oh and did I mention that they also have a volcano? Worth a stop in. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
One of my favorite hotels in las vegas.  I love the show love and the pool.
Great central location in the center strip in a 4 star hotel with a 2 star price which you can't compare with the other 5 star hotels in the area. Nice, clean and the tropical theme makes the stay very relaxing. The check in area with the fish tank was very inviting but the lobby could use some renovations and seating for the guests checking in after a long drive or flight. I've stayed here three times and 2 out of the 3 check in clerks were friendly and helped me find a room despite me being so picky (High floor, strip view, non smoking, away from the elevator)!. . Walking to the guests elevators, you'd have to walk past the atrium with the tropical plants and waterfall and around a circle through the casino (to get you to gamble) and then past the Revolution lounge and on your right side is the guests elevators divided into 3 sections. . . Floors 3 - 9. . Floors 10 - 16. . Floors 17 - 23 . . Penthouse Elevators. . Floors 24 A B C D E F . . The hotel actually has 30 floors and the top two floors are the 2 bedroom penthouse suites and the rest or mixed suites. All the rooms and floors have been renovated to keep up with the times and it was just very clean and not smokey at all. My room was renovated and very clean with lots of cabinets for my clothes and a flat screen tv. But I hardly used it but it was good to check out your hotel bill and listen to the music station to relax with the cold ac running in the outside 105 degree weather. The hotel windows do open but only a few inches and not many strip hotels offer this other then Excalibur, Harrah's (Carnival Tower) and Cosmopolitan.  The bathroom is very clean and modernize but very small but it does the job. The lighting could be better but the room has alot of mirrors and even a full length by the door so you can check yourself before leaving for a club, bar or show.. . Restaurant options aren't that bad but you do have some variety to choose from that aren't too pricey like BLT Burger which has great tasting food and the burgers are always juicy and friendly staff. The buffet is not the best I had in Vegas but way better then Excalibur, Treasure Island and Flamingo IMO. If you don't want to eat at the Mirage and at another MGM property (Bellagio, Luxor, MGM, Excalibur, NY NY, Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay) you can always charge your meal to your room by telling the host or servor your hotel and room number.. . Mirage is not as big as compared to Venetian or Bellagio but its good on the feet when walking back to your room. The pool area is one of the best on Vegas because of the huge waterfall and palm trees located all around the pool and not many pools offer shade in Vegas except for $$$ which is a total rip off. The pool also offers water stations around the pool so you can refill your waterbottle with cold water and they even off water cups. Waitresses are a hit or miss and can take long to take and get your order depeding how busy the pool is and it can get pretty packed. If you want privacy away from the party crowd, they offer a private pool for only $50 and it includes your own lounge chair with an umbrella and personal service.. . Out in front is the volcano which is the main attraction and it's free and always has been. I would definitely stay at the Mirage again since I consider it my base hotel but I like to try other hotels around the strip to have some variety.
Love this place.
We called to see if the hotel would give us an offer we had not used that expired. They put me thru to a host and it all came about within 2 days of our request. Upon arriving we had a few unexpected issues that were suppose to be complimentary and had to make some calls and get it fixed. The players club gals worked so well with fixing things that I would like to say their efforts paid off. Nancy and co worker made a few calls and we got what was promised to us. As a result it was worth the drive from CA to Vegas 4 plus hours to stay and play and dine. We absolutley enjoyed it all from our room to the restaurants and entertainment. We will go back soon.
Stayed there all last week and was pretty impressed. It had been 15 years since I had stayed there. But it was extremely nice and centrally located.
I treated my Mom to the Mirage for one night because we were moving to the Bellagio the next day for 3 nights comp. I wanted to give her a better experience at the Mirage then she had 7 years ago, it took some convincing and agreed to stay one night. I got a great rate for $39 USD because the rates at the other hotels were sky high because of that Madonna concert at MGM. Baah!!. . Arrived at the hotel around 4pm and the lobby was pretty busy but I didn't have to wait since I went straight to the Mlife VIP line, front desk was friendly and welcoming and gave us a room on the 23rd floor just below the suites facing the pool with a view towards Caesar's Palace and the Eiffel Tower. We can also see the Bellagio fountains performing and that was fun.. . Our room was non smoking of course, very clean and a remodeled 2 queen bedroom with media outlets and a flat screen TV. The AC worked perfectly, my mom loved the window opening just a few notches and the renovated bathroom with the detailed finishings. What she also liked about the design of the bathroom was the strong vent to get rid of the smell and the Bellagio doesn't have that. Casino was old but that didn't bother me as long as it's clean and up to date in some areas, the drink waitresses were not around as much compared to my last stay, the atrium was lovely to look at with the fresh plants and waterfalls. I'm glad she enjoyed her stay at the Mirage and wants to come back. . . YAY FOR ME!
One of the prettiest hotels on the strip of Las Vegas!  Wow, the decor is beautiful!  Pretty pricey, but you get what you pay for!!  Mirage is located in the smack middle of the strip, a great location if you are going to be out and about, easy access to get home. Lots of stuff to do in the Mirage, bars are great, food is awesome and the night club is so fun!
I hold the Mirage very close to my heart because I'm always treated like VIP by the hotel staff with the exception for one employee. In the end it never cease to amaze me with the clean and modernized rooms, variety of restaurants and nightlife. . . I stayed here for 3 nights and Caitlyn checked me in and was very friendly and professional with handling my room request and even found me a high floor with a view of the Mirage volcano.. . My room 19043 was very clean, beds included pillow top mattresses and pillows and felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. My flat screen TV was great to have during these modern times when other hotels still have the 90's tube TV.  The bathroom with the tub and shower combo was a plus because I'm not really into a shower and tub side by side and the lighting in the vanity was a nice touch. . . What I also liked about the room was the abundance of drawers below the flat screen, near the bedside and next to the bathroom to store all your personal stuff. Near the entrance to the door they have a full size mirror and a  mirror above the drawer and on the closet door.. . The MLife rewards desk was always great to help with any questions but I had a horrible experience from a VIP representative. When it was my turn, I walked up to him to ask a question about a point play and he just rolled his eyes on me and said, "All you have to do was follow directions and read this Mlife brochure to help you with those directions". He felt annoyed that I asked him a simple question and treated me like another number. That's a big No No! I understand some people have bad days or hate their lives but is no reason to take it out on the guest. =l. . The pool was nice to look at and just relax during November but it was too cold take a dip with the cold breeze blowing on you. I tried the Siegfried and Roy Garden and that was a great experience and hotel guests get a $4 discount off general admission. Mirage feels like my 2nd home since I've stayed there many times and I've gotten use to eating at some of restaurants regularly and it shows on Yelp. =P. . I will always come back to the Mirage because they always send me great deals and it's in a great location. It's right across from the Venetian and Forum shops at Caesar's Palace and just north is the Fashion Show Mall and Wynn / Encore.
Big Smoke at Mirage.  A+
This is a review for the TOWER SUITES at the Mirage.  I was fortunate enough to get a couple of nights at the Mirage for a very low Players price after the Holidays.  Upon Check-In I spoke to one of the Managers who offered an upgrade at a nominal fee for both the Tower Suites or The Penthouse Suites.  The manager was very honest and said the layout is EXACTLY the same just a different color scheme and that I should stick to the Tower Suite.  After I tipped her, we were off to check out the room.. . There are 3 elevators with key access to the 26-30th floors labled A-D.  I wasn't expecting much as the Mirage is a bit older than the more modern hotels but was pleasantly surprised.  Very spacious 1 bedroom 1300 sq ft. with a 60" Plasma, dinning area, wet bar, huge bathroom with separate shower and Jacuzzi Tub.  . . The decor was modern and ample to my liking with a striking view of the strip floor to ceiling tinted windows.  If you look at the Mirage, the dark gold large window at the top of the hotel are all the suites. . . Very comfortable arrangements and much quieter as you'd expect.  As with all the suites there is a door bell and a button to push for privacy not a door hanger.  There are 3 TVs, one rising out of the foot of the bed, one in the bathroom 42", and the 60" in the living area.  Very large sofa with built in chase loungers and enough room for at least 6 people to hang out comfortably.. . There is no comparison to the regular rooms as the suites are 1st class and worth an upgrade if offered.  I was comped but after speaking to the manager they will "release" a suite to VIP members for $50 and $80-120 for the Penthouse per night on top of what you're paying for the regular room.. . Going to a suite from a regular room is like going from flying economy to first class.  The attention to detail was outstanding, color scheme was modern and nice, the service in the Towers was outstanding.
This place is the best. I've been there about six or seven times and I don't have any complaints about anything. The suites are awesome. The service is awesome. The experience is awesome. This place is just awesome.
i love love LOVED staying at the mirage! here's why. . . -amazing location. totally central on the strip- easy access to anywhere you'd want to go. -the restaurants are great! we ate at the brazilian steakhouse one night and the food was top notch. -the pool!! tons of chairs, great music and a really fun atmosphere. -shopping- if you need to do it, it's readily available. -service is great- no issues with check in/out, and all requests we had were accommodated quickly and efficiently. . no, it's not the peak of luxury on the vegas strip, but for me and my girls on a budget, the price, experience and time there was right!
We had another great stay here during March madness.  I have a previous, more detailed review about the room, but again, the room was spacious, clean, and nicely decorated.  We got a free upgrade to a strip view room which was nice.. . I wish the room door was thicker because we could hear everything from the hallways.  Other than that we love staying here because of the excellent location in the middle of the strip.  And for those who love shopping like me, you are between two malls (no good shopping choices inside the Mirage).  The Forum shops are right next door if you exit through the doors near the sports book and turn right.  The Forum Shops house more high fashion stores than anywhere else in the world.  To the other side of the hotel is the Fashion Show Mall which is fairly close (when you exit through the main doors of the Mirage, turn left, and get on the tram that is near the taxi line and baggage check.  It takes you next door to Treasure Island which is very quick and free.  Then walk across the casino and then across the walkway that goes over the street and you are at the Fashion Show Mall).  It's a regular mall, not as fancy as the Forum shops, but what it does have are department stores which the Forum shops lack like Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Saks, Dillard's, and Macy's.. . If, for any reason, you want to use the monorail to get to other casinos, just cross the street, walk through and to the back of Harrah's and you'll find the monorail entrance.  It's cheap and safe.. . The Mirage pool is rather small compared to other pools in Vegas and what was odd was that the chairs are all pushed together so you can't walk between them.  Basically you are hip to hip with the stranger next to you.  And it was full of a young and rowdy crowd.  I reserved a chair at the Oasis pool for $35 at concierge.  It is a pool which is hidden away and tucked to the side of the main pool with a private heated pool and you have to be over 21.  You can still hear the music from the main pool but it's not a wild and crowded scene. Each chair is reserved for the entire day so you can leave and come back and no one will take your chair.  Also, the lounge chairs are more comfortable than the ones at the main pool and have space in between each chair with a table and umbrella.  If it is a really windy day, do NOT open your umbrella.  One lady asked an attendant if it was okay to have hers open in the strong wind and the attendant told her not to worry, that they never fall down.  A few hours later an umbrella DID fall and landed on a woman.  Everyone ran to help her and the manager had to come over to apologize and rectify the situation.  The oasis area never had more than about 25 people and was very peaceful and relaxing. And the service was great.  The attendants were constantly walking around and I never had to wait long for anything.  The food and drinks I ordered were very good.  The Oasis pool is completely worth the $35 if you don't want to be a part of the zoo that is the main pool.. . Next to the pool, inside the building is a yogurt shop called Blizz which I really liked.  You pick your yogurt flavors and toppings and the price is based on the weight of your creation.  Across from that is a nice coffee shop.  Also we really liked the buffet called Cravings and once we paid they gave us are 2 for 1 coupon for the next visit to the buffet so we had lunch there every day.  We've also eaten at the steak restaurant, Stack, which had very good food, not the best service, and the music got extremely loud in the evening, almost like a club.. . Even though we've stayed at some other really nice hotels on the strip, we always come back to the Mirage.  You can't beat the combination of location, nice room, oasis pool, and good food options.
Absolutely love this hotel!  The staff is great there and the casino has every game you want.  Dealers are friendly and make it fun to gamble.  The rooms are cleanly and staff cleans up well.  Lots of restaurants and little shops you can buy things from.  They have a Brazilian steak house which is pretty good if you love meat.  Also tucked in the back corner of the hotel by the all you can eat buffet is a lovely little Italian restaurant which is def a good spot to eat at.  They have a family pool and an adult pool.  Not to mention a safari in the back by the pools as well.  The adult pool is more of a party pool and is topless.  So if your not into that kind of thing I would not go there.  The also have the cirque show which I never been to but heard it was great.  The hotel location is great you can get to anywhere within 5-10 mins.1 oak nightclub is in the hotel and is a good club to go too.  Esp if you enjoy hip hop they always have talent there.  Enjoy!
I am going to give 5 stars to The Mirage because of how they have managed to combine such a solid location on the strip with affordable rooms and a clean atmosphere. I made the switch from the Venetian/Palazzo later last year because I wasn't being taken very good care of anymore there after years of expensive stays and thousands spent in gambling and food. I took my money to the Mirage and immediately I was very happy with the change. It is not super upscale like the Palazzo, but I find everything at the Mirage that I would need or want. They have taken great care of me in my recent stays. I have a trip coming up soon, and I'm looking forward to hitting Gold card status there that first night!
I've stayed at the Mirage a couple of times now and I must say I love it.  No, it's not the Wynn or Palazzo but it doesn't have the Wynn or Palazzo prices either.  Here's a quick run down:. . *Bare:  awesome, between a typical pool experience and a crazy encore beach club experience.  Crazy enough to be fun but chill enough at the same time.. . *Regular Pool:  Solid, good size, nice foliage, drinks could be stronger.. . *Casino:  Good, not great.  A little dark but does the trick.. . *Shows:  All are beyondgood.  Saw Love, Bill Burr, and Wayne Brady.  I'd recommend all in a heart beat.  I like that they nearly always have a great comedian performing.  . . *Rooms:  I've stayed in Tower Suite and Tower Deluxe.  Tower Suite is baller and the Tower Deluxe is worth the upgrade.  Only difference in deluxe vs standard is the bathroom, but the double vanity and separate bath and shower make a huge difference, especially if you are with your lady.. . *Volcano: First time up close and personal, it was quite the spectacle.  From our room we could hear the Bill Weir soundtrack and feel the explosions on the windows.. . *Service:  This is where they separate themselves.  We had some major. issues on our first go round and their front desk manager Luis did everything he could to make things right.  I must say they train their management well, Luis couldn't have been more professional.  He invited my gf and I back out at a discounted rate and took great care of us.  He didn't have to but he arranged all our reservations while on our trip and even gave us a resort credit.  It made it so I didn't feel so bad donating my savings account to the craps table.  . . All and all it was a fantastic trip, thanks Mirage.
- Free volcano show and to walk in to their lobby/atrium with tropical plants.. - Great location next to TI and across from the Palazzo.. - Fancy hotel and part of the MGM group so you can earn/use comps at sister properties.
Went to Vegas on April 1st as My partner's birthday is on March first and mine is May first and we both thought it would be a fun way to celebrate. . . We arrived at the Mirage by taxi and were greeted by the doorman before getting in line to check in. the wait was standard, the line was fairly long (about 50 people) but went fast as the hotel had enough employees at check-in to accommodate everyone in a timely manner. . . Margo checked us in and was friendly, personable, and professional. She asked how my day was going and we started chatting while in the process of getting checked in. I mentioned to her that we were visiting Vegas for both of our birthdays and because my partner just turned 21. and she told us that she would send something up to the room for us for our birthdays (which we received later that afternoon)  she asked about my room reservation to confirm the type of room and then handed us our room keys and told us where to find the elevators while also mentioning that she had taken the liberty to give us a complimentary upgrade to a tower suite. She also instructed us that if there was anything the hotel could to make our trip a little better not to hesitate to ask as they wanted to make sure we were enjoying our stay. Awesome customer experience and she clearly understands top-notch customer service.. . As far as the hotel goes, the amenities are on the high end of standard and the facilities are clean, the pool is nice and the nighttime volcano show is pretty cool, especially if you get to see it from your room. While this hotel is not luxury compared to some of the other much more expensive hotels on the strip, it is still very nice for a weekend getaway and the rooms are affordably priced. None the less I enjoyed my stay and will be back as I have plans to return in July. . In terms of vegas hotels I would give the Mirage a 3.5 - 4 star rating however because of the high level of customer service I received and also the hotel in comparison to most non-vegas hotels, I decided to award this review 5 star.. . I enjoyed my stay and will return as I have reservations booked for July.
I loved my stay here,  comfortable beds and pillows. Friendly service and we had a great view of the strip.
I'll give a more extensive update after, but...the Sandwich tip worked again!  $20 between the Driver's License and the credit card when you hand it over to the Front Desk clerk and ask for an upgrade and Voila!..they upgrade my room that was already comped.  So far has worked every time.. . Very nice room that includes a huge bathroom with a Jacuzzi tub, shower, and double sink.  More later.
Great rates excellent  dealers, . Have been staying at the Mirage for over 19 years. Still feels comfortable.. Does need some upgrading.
The Mirage is my go-to spot in Vegas for most of my trips. The main reason is because for some reason unbeknownst to me, The Mirage keeps giving me awesome free stuff. Once, I got two nights free in the middle of March Madness and recently I got another night free plus $100 of resort credit. When I don't get free stuff, the rates through Mlife are ridiculously cheap! Now, I am sure you have heard of these perks given to high rollers and such. Let me assure you I am none of that!! Besides the awesome deals, I really like the rooms - Spacious and comfy. Extra points for not having obnoxious carpets in the hallway!!
Stayed in a beautiful 2 bedroom suite! Amazing view, great VIP service. Staff was friendly. Had a great time. I took my children this time so I didn't get to 'do' Vegas so we stuck to the pool frozen yogurt shop, sugar factory, and room service.  I would definitely suggest staying here in a suite. The only thing was there was a party going on in one of the suites and there was house music bumping Til about 5 am but it's Vegas what are you gonna do? So I didn't feel the slightest bit guilty when my 6 month old woke up screaming like an eagle! payback, right?! Anyway, Great service, view, restaurants looked great but again I had the kids and their palates are not refined like this momma so no way was I going to take them to a fancy schmansy place to eat. All in all great time. Be back soon to have some adult fun!
Mario is a great manager at the mirage.  We had a problem where we made a mistake with the booking dates for our suite, he made sure that we were taken care of and made the interaction more human.  Thank you Mario for help, and because of you, I will be staying at the Mirage every time I go to Las Vegas!  The staff there is amazing, and they have made me a devout client.  Mirage, please keep people like this employees at your hotel.  Thank you so much for a great weekend! (June 21-24 Will never forget)
This review is about the private cabana rentals at the pool.  The cost is $400 and you get it from 10am-6pm.  They are randomly assigned butI was adamant that I wanted my cabana at the quiet Oasis Pool so had it approved by the pool manager, Amanda, who only allowed it because it was a weekday.  If you want to be part of the wild zoo that is the main pool, there are lots of cabanas over there, but the Oasis Pool is very peaceful and never crowded and everyone has to be over 18.  To rent a chair at the oasis pool, it's $35.. . The cabanas are spacious and have a really great fan which keeps the heat at bay.  Even better, there are misters at the front of the cabana and near your lounge chairs which you can turn on or off that kept of us from dying of the 104 degree heat.  The fridge is stocked with complimentary water bottles and soda, a fruit plate, and a cheese plate with very nice selections.  You also get a basket that has crackers, candy, chips, and other snacks.  There's a flat screen tv with lots of channels, 3 really comfortable lounge chairs outside the cabana, 2 sofas inside, a table, and you also get complimentary pool floats. Bring your own sunscreen because it was $17 at the pool.. . You can order from three different menus and the food is brought right to your cabana.  Late in the afternoon an attendant walked around and handed out a very tasty pineapple sorbet.  The only complaint we had was that the service was awful.  The people renting chairs at the oasis pool had constant service but we, who paid $400, only saw an attendant every 2 hours or so and every time we asked for something like more water bottles, it took forever to arrive.  Despite the terrible service, we really enjoyed our cabana.
This is s my all time favorite hotel. Mlife has me as a lifetime customer now. I used to always stay at Caesars properties until staying here. The staff is just amazingly friendly and helpful.  The view from out room was of the strip and the volcano.  The room itself was oure luxury.  I do not have a single bad thing to say about this property.  Love it
Stayed here for the first time in 8 years. What a surprise. The Hospitality Suites are amazing, customer service amazing, Cravings Buffet outstanding and the pool area is just awesome. Restaurants and service were great, location on strip was perfect.. Great improvements and upgrades since our last visit.. . We stayed for 2 nights then moved over to Mandalay Bay for 3 nights. Wish we would have stayed here all 5 days. Mandalay Bay was a big disappointment.
I don't know why this casino only has 3.5 stars! We had a staycation at The Mirage to celebrate my husband's 30th birthday, and we enjoyed every moment. First, the registration line, amidst being 4 lengths long, moved very fast and the employees running registration were friendly, personable and an all around joy.. . Since we were local, they waived the resort fee (WHAT?!?) and then sent my husband a small dessert plate with a three different pastries since it was his birthday! The pool? Clean, open until 8 (much later than other pools on the Strip), great vibe, delicious drinks and a 21+ pool which we love.. . The Mirage doesn't smell like smoke all the time, has a lot of different table games and slot machines, and I loved the layout of the entire casino. The food options in The Mirage are not lacking in the yummy factor. Carnegie Deli makes every taste bud in my mouth water with their corned beef, and their pastrami omelette is happiness. I loved that omelette because it wasn't greasy at all and had the perfect amount of pastrami in it to make me feel like I was eating breakfast at their NY location. My parents split their sandwich, and I would suggest you do too because it is larger than the size of your head! STK Burger? I've never had anything at this restaurant that was mediocre. They are GF friendly, and during the winter their chili makes me feel like I'm at home wrapped up in my blanket watching movies with my hubby on the couch. Every burger my husband has eaten makes that man smile like he is the king of the world. You will not be disappointed!. . Between the location of The Mirage on the Strip, the cleanliness, the customer service, the food and the overall environment, you can't go wrong at The Mirage.
Here for Wella convention. LOVE this hotel!! Pool nice Rooms great!!
When I usually visit Vegas, I stay at The Bellagio. So as I started planning this trip, I figured I would break from tradition and try The Mirage. Given that check in time is 3pm and I had an 8:30 flight from Memphis, I hoped that I could check in before that time. When I walked into the lobby, I felt as if I was in a tropical oasis. I made my way to the front desk and got in line to hopefully check in early. The huge fish tank behind the front desk is breathe taking. I could spend hours just watching the fish and eels. Once it was my turn, the young handsome man behind the desk greeted with a smile and offered me some bottled water. I asked him if it would be possible to check in before 3pm, he said yes and went through the normal check in protocol. Once I received my keys, I made my way to the elevators. I was pleasantly surprised with my room. It was perfect. The bathroom is a tad small but that's ok. Tons of mirrors, which as any girl would that's a bonus for getting ready for a night out in Vegas. Their beds are super comfy and they have great pillows as well. I know when I plan my next Vegas vacation, I will definitely be staying at The Mirage! The checking in and out goes quickly. Can't wait to stay here again.
Wonderful pool, clean facility, lovely environment. excellent experience.
The Mirage is one of my favorite places to stay in las Vegas. It's a little older, but still nice and very convenient! The air quality at the casino isn't so nice, but smoke doesn't really bother me anyways. Friendy staff.
I stayed at this hotel numerous time when I'm in LV.  This is my favorite hotel to stay when I'm in LV.  Room is clean, beds are comfortable, and services are great.  Great for family with younger children.  The pool is very nice.  Get the room w/ pool view for better sleep at night.  However, don't waste your money on the Lion/Dolphin exhibit.  It's better to just visit your local zoo.
I recently stayed at The Mirage for my birthday. This was my first time going to Vegas and I was not 100% soled that I wanted to go. After all, I don't gamble. My ideal destination was to head to the Caribbean because I love the beach and the clear blue water. However my friend assured me that I would enjoy Vegas, that there was a lot more to do besides gambling,  and she picked out a hotel with a great pool. Well, I had a fabulous time! The pool was the best ever, and I felt like I was in the Caribbean with the palm tress and the waterfalls. It was so relaxing!!! Our hotel room was AWESOME, and the service was great! In short, I did  not want to leave Vegas but most of all, I did not want to leave The Mirage.
I was originally hesitant on booking The Mirage do to numerous reviews complaining of it being an older resort.  I have been to Vegas about ten or so times and have stayed downtown once and the others on the strip between Ceaser's, Harrah's and The Flamingo.  My wife and I wanted to try somewhere new.  The Cons First : It is a resort which to me didn't seem any different than the other Vegas Hotels other than the $28 fee per night for basically the only differing perk from other hotels was internet  included.  The Pros: We stayed on the 26th floor with a strip view and the floors own personal elevator which was excellent.  You would go right from your floor to the Lobby and back.  This was wonderful when you have to just run up to grab something and didn't have to deal with stopping on every floor.  The pool is by far the best I have seen in Vegas and The Hotel is layed out so you get sun from sun up to sun down with the hotel never blocking and shading the pool which was great.  The staff was great and they heard it was our anniversary so sent chocolates to our room.  We saw Beetles Love by Cique De Sol and it was excellent 10/10 for sure.  Overall :  I felt the King Tower Deluxe for the view and own elevator was great and only for about an extra 30 a night.  I loved everything about the Mirage and would go back in a heart beat, centrally located, easy access to the strip and great staff.
I am giving this hotel such a great review because the beds were fantastic. The most comfortable beds that I have slept in in a hotel. They were fluffy, soft, and clean. Overall for the price you cant really complain and the hotel had everything that other hotels in the area also have. the pool was crowded but totally worth it. Don't recommend getting a mixed drink from the waitress because a bloody mary was $20. Overall great stay and will recommend it to my friends.
still my favoriteplace on the strip. . I try to stay in different places in Vegas to see what each hotel has to offer but I always find myself back at the Mirage. I've stayed at Luxor, Paris, Flamingo, TI, Mandalay Bay, and a few off the strip places. I can't justify splurging on a fancy hotel if i am not going to be in there that much. . . I wouldn't consider it on the level of the cosmo or caesars but the customer service is right up there! I stayed in the 2 bedroom hospitality suite that had 3 beds and 2.5 bathrooms which was amazing! I had requested that we stay on a floor that didn't require key card access to get to the floor because we had a bunch of girls crashing on in the suite. They had a tv in every room and the living room had a bluetooth speaker that we could connect our phones to play music. The suite was really spacious and 11 girls did not make it feel crowded at all. . . When I checked in, they had it noted on the reservation already and it only took us 5 minutes to get our keys. We rang for the bellman and got our things right away! After he set all our things down, he asked how many extra towels, blankets, and pillows did we need! I was so glad that I didn't even have to ask! He also offered to give us a tour of the suite and to show us how to work everything. The housekeepers were amazing too! They came in and tidied up the place and it was pretty crazy with 11 girls' suitcases exploding in the suite. The valet remembered our names! The only negative was that the internet connection sucked.
I played MyVegas (facebook app game) enough to snag this awesome Tower Suite Room in the Mirage Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas for 1 night. I can't remember how many loyalty points it took, but it is no longer available for purchase and has been that way for 6 months or more. I doubt they have any plans on bringing it back since it was so easy to achieve, which makes them lose out on a crap ton of money since everyone was going for that free room reward.. . Now, I also had a 2 night room reward for the Deluxe King at Mirage through MyVegas. Our whole plan was to try and get the tower suite for all 3 nights that we would be there. It was close to our anniversary, but we never did any $20 or $50 trick to get an upgrade for free. The guy at check-in said excuse me, but I'll have to go make a call behind closed doors once we asked if we could have it for our entire time there. After about 5+ minutes, he comes back and says we can give you the room 2 extra nights for $100 per night. I figured it would be $50 extra per night, but my husband wanted the room, so he gave in and said yes, we'll take it. Much to my surprise, the extra $200 was well worth it. This room is the nicest and biggest room I have ever stayed in period. It's 1200 sq feet, which is bigger than most apartments and some houses!! I wished my downstairs area was as big as this place was.. . It was really great to have that big area since we were there with some friends. We can't very well mingle in a deluxe king room and drink booze before heading out to the strip comfortably. I didn't take pics of the separate bathroom, but it had a bidet in it. And you bet your sweet ass I used it! I had never seen or used one before, so I had to give it a whirl.. . The beds were comfortable, maybe a little too plush for my husband, but he likes his beds firm.. . Having a separate powder area for us girls to get ready was nice. Although, we kind of blocked the bathroom, since it's RIGHT THERE.. . The bathtub was big enough for my husband and I to sit in it together. There's never big enough tubs for us both to sit comfortably. I wanted to take it home with me!!. . The couch was not at all comfortable. It's not cushion-y at all and was more like sitting on boards. I guess that wasn't too much of a deal breaker because we weren't there to sit on the couch. We mainly hung out by the wet bar and when we weren't there, we were out on the strip.. . The water pressure was also great. There's one thing I've noticed about Las Vegas hotels, and that seems to be weak water pressure in most hotels. Not so at the Mirage! I can actually get the soap off my body and out of my hair without staying in there for 30 minutes.. . Overall, the MyVegas redemption was an easy process. And getting the tower suite for $200 all 3 nights came out to about $66.66 per night, which is one hell of a deal! This room normally goes for $400 per night. Now when I go back to Vegas, I am going to be comparing all of my future rooms to this one and I have a feeling it won't even be in the same ballpark.. . Thank you to MyVegas and Mirage for making our stay pleasant!
Great hotel, nice rooms and good service. I only stated here once and I haven't been back so for the record it's not nice enough to come back to but it wasn't bad at all.
Great hotel, comfy beds, awesome atmosphere. The BLT Burger is a good place to grab food. The pool is amazing, I also hit up the topless bar; so cool! Hooray for boobies. Do not listen to the bad reviews, those are just snobs who should pay 250 dollars a night to stay at the Bellagio. Great hotel and great price. The animals at their zoo were cool and they have an awesome fish tank at check in.
Stayed here September 2013 for 6 days, and will be staying again in January for another 7 days.. Here is what I love about the Mirage. For a Hotel this old, it is kept in beautiful condition.. the rooms are super clean. the beds are very comfortable. the staff, from valet to check in to the bell boys is outstanding. You do not have to play like a high roller to get good comps.. Heritage Steak is fantastic, maybe one of the best Lamb Chops Iv ever eaten.. Samba is a carnivores dream come true.. the Sportsbook is beautiful, spacious and very comfortable chairs and excellent HD TVs.. Centrally located on the Strip. Its just another Steve Wynn Masterpiece as are everything else the man has touched in Vegas, I know MGM group owns it now but it was built and is the first built Steve Wynn Casino, So many other Casinos were built after the Mirage and they look 40 years older.. All I can say is, Iv stayed everywhere in Vegas. The RIO use to be a favorite. Paris was okay. Harrahs was fun when I was a single guy. MGM is very nice but staff is very cold compared to the Mirage. Planet Hollywood has the young big mouth crowd.. and Cosmopolitan is for the young hip generation who dress and act the part, certainly no place for a casual kaki shorts and t-shirt wearing guy like myself.. Mirage has it all and its perfect for those of us who are in our late 30s to early 40s.
I absolutely love this hotel. It's right in the middle of the strip, walking distance to everything. The rooms are clean and modern. I always find great rates on various different websites. As a coffee addict I appreciate that there's a Starbucks in the lobby. They have a CPK as well, in case you're SUPER hungry after a night of partying. The employees are all extremely friendly and always ready to help out.. . I have stayed at all the nice hotels on the strip and even though Mirage is not considered as "high end" as say the Wynn, I personally prefer The Mirage and you get more for your buck.
Waited in line for about 15 minutes on Saturday morning before we got to the cashier for possibly the best brunch this trip. Once we paid, we were offered the choice to sit at the bar or wait to be seated. Time was a factor this morning as we had spa appointment in the Mirage Spa. . Choose bar seating and it was outstanding, free running mimosas ( what a great way to start the day). I'm sure because we were at the bar I drank more than if I was at the table. . International food stations throughout the space, very we'll signed so you can see the selection from across the room. I stayed close to the bar for Chinese assortments of dumplings, dim sum and wonderful noodle wonton soup !! All with your favourite sauces. As well as assorted sushi and hand rolls, rice dishes and the usual suspects with a bit of a twist.   Tried some shrimp ceviche and it was outstanding. My dinning companion had the breakfast burrito, Eggs Benedict & rosti.  The stations were incredable, and upon leaving saw other types of cuisines I would have liked to have tried,  we were to rushed to thoroughly enjoy the
