I freak out on fish that has a smell, I will never eat at Pumi or other sushi places run with Chinese food or Korean food on the menu, I'm very discriminating. Yama has all you can eat sushi, they go through a lot of fish, so it stays fresh. If they have a less than mild flavored fish it seems to go in the "Seafood Salad" and it is delicious! No Ankimo, so it's not perfect, but at this price, and the quality of food, and the friendly staff, it's as close to perfect as you can get. Jun is the new manager, and he runs a tight ship, keep up the great work guys!! I'm a customer for life thanks to their great restaurant (I eat here once a week and have mostly for the last year and a half) (special compliment to Agus, what a friendly, terrific chef!). p.s. it's in a terrible neighborhood, but it's worth running the gauntlet of riff raff to get in here. The only other criticism, they put too much mayonnaise on the rolls, so I've learned not to order most of them. Always recommended are the yellowtail, salmon, albacore ,and  garlic tuna nigiri, the spider roll and I enjoy the firecracker without the sauce on it. In fact, I bet all the rolls are great without sauce, I'll have to go try that today :-)
I come to this place every time I'm in Vegas, often multiple times per trip. This could well be the best all you can eat sushi place I've ever been to.  Amazing variety for the price, and the tuna and salmon are always incredibly fresh and tasty.
Any time I want sushi, Yama is the place to go.  The rolls are excellent, the all you can eat is definitely worth the price with tonkatsu, hamachi kama, and other awesome dishes as appetizers included in all you can eat, plus whatever rolls they offer.  They also have ice cream and mochi to help end the meal proper.  So good!
The Wet Dream & No-Name rolls are awesome. I get it everytime I go.
BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI PLACE IN THE VEGAS AREA THAT I KNOW OF! Every time I'm in Las Vegas, I really try to hit this place up. It's good sushi (special rolls) yum, all for a fairly decent price!  NOTE: vacationers..It's not anywhere near the strip, maybe a $20 cab ride to and from the strip..make sure to get a taxi's number so they can pick you up once your done. ENJOY it's worth it! =)
OMG MY FAVORITE LITTLE HOLE-IN -THE-WALL SUSHI PLACE IN VEGAS!!!!!  . . Ok, I will admit that I have not tried an abundant number of sushi places in Vegas, however, this is my favorite.  With a large list of specialty roles that are all DELICIOUS, in addition to their large a-la-carte menu, this place rarely disappoints.. . Moving to Vegas from California I was afraid all quality sushy would be removed from my life.  However, I will repeat that I have never been disappointed here!  I almost always get the all you can eat for $23 (dinner price...fat ass, I know) because I can never decide on just one roll, or a small number of a la carte sushi.  Give it a try, and I highly doubt you will be disappointed.
So this place I personally think is the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas! not only is it affordable but also the sushi is great! . Especially their baked rolls, and all for around 25 bucks.. . Its the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas, hands down
I've only eaten here once and it did not disappoint. Every spontaneous trip to Vegas will always deserve a visit to Yama Sushi. My boyfriend and I came here for their all-you-can-eat lunch. Almost everything on their lunch menu is offered for A.Y.C.E.!!!!!! It's about $20/person for lunch. We ordered almost $100 worth of rolls (because we are heffers) and only paid $40. Not to mention our 5 orders of appetizers and sashimi. Definitely an amazing deal in Vegas, just a little ways off the strip :).
YES YES YES! I am there at least once a week. I love all the rolls and how they are different and very fresh. You can find me at the bar having all you can eat sushi and leaving fat and happy.
Over a year since my last visit and this place still did not disappoint me! HUGE selection, fresh made rolls, surprisingly fresh fish for a buffet and it was cheap! . . Highly recommended for people coming in for a grub and go! And the Patron was on sale next door at Albertson! $35!!! CHEAP! oh yeah and it was cheap for the sushi lunch buffet too!
The truth behind great sushi lies in the freshness of the fish. In Vegas, where there's an all-you-can-eat sushi joint around every corner, you will find that most of them are fair at best. . . Then there are those places that have a well earned reputation that bring people in in droves - like Yama Sushi. The place is always busy, which means they go through a lot of fish  - which means the fish is ALWAYS fresh. . . Their all-you-can-eat special is one of the best meal deals in a town known for great meal deals. Don't forget to order the Seafood Salad - it's the perfect finisher.
This use to be one of my favorite sushi places when I was stationed at Nellis. The best rolls were the firecracker, snow in Vegas and (my absolute favorite) happy ending. There is always great service and fresh fish. On the weekends there is always a wait, but it is totally worth it.
Received a very warm welcome in this place. The service is awesome and the food is wonderful! Tables are partitioned by removable paper walls, it reminds me of Kungfu Panda's "dorm." See for yourself. The bar's looking hot too :)
Some of the best sushi! I hope they invest in a bigger venue. It's always busy.
My fave place for all you can eat sushi. I have gone to the expensive places before and had good sushi, but who wants that price tag. It takes a lot of sushi to fill me up and frankly I could never eat till I am full at a non ayce and pay the bill. Well I mean I could, but I wouldn't want to. Anyway, one of my fave items is the seafood salad. The way I discovered it was one time I went alone and sat at the bar and the chef asked me if he could make me something. I said sure, and I am given the most delicious seafood salad ever. Everytime I order it is different, I guess it depends on the chef who makes it. It never disappoints. . . The staff is friendly and always comes back when we are almost done with our order to see if we are ready for the next round. My water glass is always full, I don't like to order soda because it fills me up too fast. . . The must try rolls are Strip Tease, Son of the Beach and baby one more time. I also like the harry potter roll and their selection of nigiri is great. Smoked salmon is so tasty. . . Next time you find yourself in Vegas and you are craving sushi, visit Yama, it is worth it.
so me and the husband went to dinner on a week day night. we got to yama sushi and there was a 20 min wait. my husband wanted to bail and not wait but after hearing such good things i told him we were staying and i didnt realize that the resturant is so small and packed but it was worth the wait.. . let me just let u know that my husband is not a true sushi fan. so the first were mostly shrimp temp rolls but my friend had suggestioned the NO NAME roll and it was deliscious!!!. . the dinner all u can eat is 23 dollars and the no name roll itself is almost 15 dollars so to me that was a steal and there is no time limit or anything im hooked!!!
A whole in a wall type of restaurant. They have delicious sushi and all you can eat mochi ice cream. Most all you can sushi restaurants in Vegas have a one hour limit. But at Yama Sushi, the sushi-eat-a-thon is endless. . . Yama Sushi doesn't take any reservations, you have to show up and put your name on the list. Sometimes the wait can go up to an hour to hour and a half with parties of 5 or more. If there's only two of you, give it at least a 30 minute wait. . . When you are seated, of course look at the rolls first because they take time to make. The appetizers are usually ready to be served. . . As for appetizers, definitely order baked green mussels. Depending on the number of your party, they ask you how many pieces. It can go from 6 to 12 to even 40. Yes, we've ordered 40 pieces of baked green mussels. . . As for rolls, there are so many of deliciousness! But definitely get "Man whore" "Firecracker" "No Name". Those are defo my faves. . . Dessert is pretty easy, mochi ice cream and plum ice cream.. . Definitely worth the money, so tip well!
$20 all you can eat sushi. This place is away from the strip. Came here with a big group of friends (13 people) and they put our tables together and we were seated within couple mins. Their special rollsare the best. I like how you can order ANYTHING u want off their menu (appetizers, sushi, soups, desserts) since some place only have limited selection and you can order as many time as you want. Our group ordered so many rolls I don't even remember which rolls we got. We were so full we almost didn't finish but we made sure we did so they wouldn't charge us extra for not finishing (not sure if they do but most AYCE restaurants do charge for not finishing). I like how how you can order mochi ice cream as many times as you want (strawberry and chocolate mochi ice cream YUMMY!), I don't know any other AYCE sushi places that do that. The service was good especially for a big group like ours. If I'm ever craving AYCE sushi in Vegas, I'll make sure to come back here.
This is my second visit.. Incredible service! The Yama Sushi staff are extremely friendly and had the utmost patience with big parties! $23 for all you can eat dinner is not that bad! Wet Dream roll and No Name roll are deliiiish! This place would be perfect if it expanded and had more room =)
Where to begin?? This is my FAVORITE sushi jointEVER! I happily make the drive from Summerlin to Yama every chance I get!  The prices are very reasonable compared to most sushi places!! (At Yama, my son and I can eat AYCE dinner for just under $50 leaving plenty of cash for tips!  The last place I took him too, cost us $75 BEFORE tip.. and it was AYCE too, but most stuff wasn't included, but you'll read about that in their review later. =). . *Now, about the food: ALWAYS fresh, never fishy, and they always customize it for your tastes! I go about once every other month or so, but the chefs still remember me, and keep the Crazy red chili sauce to themselves. So that speaks great for their service too and ensures the food is how I like it every time. Another reviewer mentioned the Baked Green Mussels- Those are a MUST on every trip! They have the best mussels EVER!  Like they have their own way of making it that sets theirs apart from every where else. Also, their Man Whore, Son of a Beach and Harry Potter rolls are to die for! Plus, I love that you can order half rolls!  So if you just want to try a roll, or if you want to be able to maximize the amount of choices you get without stuffing yourself sick, you can half roll it all day long! lol. The Chicken Yakitori and Teriyaki is delicious too! And this is perhaps the only joint in town where you can have as much mochi and ice cream as you want. . *ABOUT THE AYCE: Ok, I noticed some people commented that you will be charged for what you don't eat- that is semi true here, but true for ALL AYCE sushi joints. All AYCE joints have the time limit/no waste signs, and some even have the No mochi with AYCE sign too! And I understand why- You don't want some one ordering 15 rolls, eating 2 bites of each and wasting the rest. It totally makes sense to me. The difference with Yama is- If you tried it and it just totally didn't suit your taste buds, tell them and they will take it back. If you make an honest effort to eat the whole roll but have a few pieces left, they won't care. The only time they have ever said anything to my friends or myself, was when we have about 15 pieces of various rolls laying around. Plus Yama DOESN'T have a time limit, nor a food quantity limit like some places. If you want 30 pieces of Mochi, then bring on the Ice Cream Headache! Again, The AYCE rules makes total sense.. . *The service: They are freaking awesome! I see some people talking about wait. They must be going at 7pm on a Friday or Saturday, and you'll experience long waits at those times anywhere you go. I usually have a party of 4 with me when ever I go, and we are usually seated within minutes.  The chefs remember our choices and have even created special rolls just for us when we go in! And if you don't like their experiment they made for you, not a problem! They aren't offended, and they don't charge you for it. You can flag down any waitress, they aren't territorial in any way. nor are they judgmental - Sure they giggle when my 11 year old son orders one of every flavor of mochi plus a green tea and plum ice cream, but they deliver it to him none the less!  After all, it's me that has to deal with his sugar high later, right? lol. . *Over All* This is a great restaurant! If you had a less than perfect experience the first time, it was just a fluke and you should give them a second chance! And regardless of what any one says, The Crazy Red Chili sauce is the work of the Devil. =)
This place was really amazing. It is one of those places where they make your sushi fresh and it's not just sitting on some plate. They are made to order and you can keep ordering as much as you want for as long as you want! Since there is no time limit, it makes the place amazing. . . They have a ton of variety of sushi's that I am sure they made up themselves... or at least the names. Some are warm, some are soft, some are unique, and some are great! you can pretty much order what your heart desires and the service is really good! Cannot wait to go back :D
Yama is the best place to go for All You Can Eat sushi in Vegas!  Don't let the fact that it's located off the Strip, pretty much in the ghetto scare you away.  Once inside, you too will become a fan!  . . When they say all you can eat, they fucking mean it!  Anything, and I mean anything (as many as you want) can be ordered.  Any of their combo rolls, specialty rolls, individual sushi, appetizers, dessert...let me repeat myself everything on the menu is fair game.  You've got to try the green mussels and soft shell crab.  They don't give you a shitload of rice with tiny pieces of fish like most AYCE.  It also doesn't fall apart or look like something some illegal Mexican rolled.  These Japanese sushi chefs (a rare find for Vegas) are making each item a work of (edible) art. . . I've actually ordered so much food (on several occasions) that I thought I would get kicked out of the place.  I've made the mistake of checking off too many items when I first sit down that midway through my meal, I pray that no more is coming.. . Whenever I've taken friends here, I put in the first order and they are shocked at how many items arrive on our table.  They too can't believe that we aren't eventually cut off or asked to leave.. . There's no dead fish smell when you walk in the door which is a sign that one should turn around and seek their sushi elsewhere.  You can go down the street and eat at Hamada where you will pay much more and get much less.  That place is a tourist trap in a prime location where Yama is a local's joint.. . What's funny (or sad really) is I'm back up in Seattle now...where we get a lot of fresh seafood.  I still haven't found a sushi joint that can compare to Yama.  It's pretty ironic that I've eaten better sushi in the desert than I have up here on the west coast.. . Whenever Morimoto comes to Vegas, I take him here and he is pleased.  :)
Being from Washington, we have no shortage of good sushi restaurants, so it was a pleasant surprise to find a GOOD sushi restaurant here that was not insanely expensive. Others at $18 a roll?  Methinks not.  . . Now - on to Yama.  We were greeted by courteous staff who kept coming back to check on us, refill our waters and bring us more beer and hot tea.  Our chef was Jun.  AMAZING!  He prepared a spicy salad with octopus and tuna that really hit the spot!. . Next - the rolls.  Wow.  All I have to say is wow.  You can't help but giggle as you say, "I'd like a Man Whore and Sex on the Beach, please."  The rolls are as sinfully delicous as any roll can be.  They were prepared quickly and efficiently with very fresh ingredients.   . . I WILL be back.  I am coming back in a couple of months and this will be one of my first stops.
All I can say is WOW! Excellent service and food. Fish was extremely fresh. The Sun of the Beach roll was the best roll I ever ate! Very reasonably priced for all you can eat in Vegas.
Hmm. It's crowded. There's a line. It might be a good idea to plan your trip to this all you can eat sushi because it's freakin good. So stop complaining!. . I love this place. Unlimited of anything I can think of of everything I want from sushi restaurant: seaweed salad, cucumber salad, hand rolls and sushi rolls. I can't remember all the rolls we ordered but I remember loving each and everyone of them like small cute bunnies running around the park in Springtime. . . The waiter also recommended his favorites so that was a plus. Water was always refilled. Empty plates were always taken because our table was tiny.. . My best advice to you: go sometime between lunch and dinner. Shorter wait, but still a wait. Like 30 minutes.. . :P
Uh huh it's Vegas, other than the booze, the partying scenes and good shopping, I am mostly here for the food. I found this place through a local and I could pretty much said it's love at first sight for an AYCE sushi. The seafood salad is really good. I dont know why they call it SEAFOOD salad and have all the raw sashimi on it with a really yummy sauce. IMO, it should be called "SASHIMI SALAD" ..okay it's same shiet..whatever! The soft shell crab hand roll is good, yellowtail collar and the NO NAME roll and the SUN OF THE BEACH are good too and yeah dessert is included, mochi ice cream baby! For $22/sushi buffet, I just cant wait to be back to Vegas again.
This place is awesome! Excellent sushi - and it's all you can eat for lunch! Doesn't get any better.  And they don't limit the all you can eat menu like many other places - you can get as much uni as you want until your arteries have turned to cement.  Oishii!  Can't wait to go back during my next trip.
Yama sushi is my all time favorite sushi restaraunt in Vegas! The fish is always fresh, but it is the chefs that makes the experience memorable. word of advice... get there early because the line is out the door!
I started coming to Yama Sushi back in 2004. When my wife and I started dining here, there was usually like 2 or 3 people there and is was quiet and very personal. Now there is consistently a line to get in. . It is possibly the best AYCE place in town. The menu is huge but it does not need to be on the menu for you to order. You want something special just ask and they accommodate. All the appetizers are included and the beer is cheap. The service is STILL personable and exceptional even with it being crowded all the time. The food comes fast and most important is that everything is fresh. I have never ever smelled the fish when walking in to the restaurant. . This place is a hole in the wall dive with no frills just awesome food and great friendly service. . I keep trying a few new places closer to me but find that I continually compare them to Yama and no one meets the same standard.
I've been to Yama too many times to count now.  I've also searched high and low for sushi to rival the Man Whore or Wet Dream or No Name. Some have come close, but not quite.  For the all-you-can-eat price, it can't be beat.  The three mentioned rolls are chronic.. . Service is fine and exactly what you should expect. Especially when it's ONLY 20 bucks for AYCE.  . . Love love some Yama.
First time here today, heard good reviews from friends and of course yelp. It was just me and a friend around 1pm for AYCE and there was no wait at all. We were quickly seated and drinks were brought out and a waiter there to take our order. We literally just spoke out loud about what we wanted to try and he said half rolls were good for trying things out. in a jiffy, appetizers and some rolls were brought out. of course, being a huge harry potter fan, that had to be the first roll i tried. it wasn't much, but it was still delicious. Overall, my favorite roll was Dancing in the Sheets. I just love the panko breading sprinkled on top and the perfectly fried squid in the center of it. . . I've tried other sushi places off the strip and not many of them literally mean AYCE. Some will not include desserts, appetizers, drinks, but Yama did! eat your brains out people!
best freakin sushi in vegas! great service at a good price for all-you-can-eat. i reccomend to everyone
Yamaaaaaa is the best buffet in Vegas. Better than Wynn, Bellagio, better than anything on the stripppp!. . Every time I'm in Vegas (which mind you was A LOT), I go out of my way to find this little restaurant off of Flamingo. It's a spot for locals, not tourists, but I don't care. Amazing AYCE sushi at a reasonable price? Count me in! . . I live in LA and nothing even begins to come close in terms of quality and price. This place is legit. I hate waiting in lines but I'm willing to wait an hour and a half/two hours for a table. . . Sushi does take a while to make, so order appetizers to keep you busy. I carb load here before every Vegas Marathon and it does not disappoint. . . I took my friend here for the first time and he almost wept by how great it was (and I know it wasn't from the wasabi!).
Great bang for the buck.. all you can eat fresh sushi and yummy rolls for less than $25. What could be better than that?
Visited this place back in September of 2010 and it was amazing. Maybe it was because I walked 2+ miles from the strip to get there. When I did it was 5pm and it was already pretty busy. I found a seat at the bar and starting chowing down.. . Now normally I can put away quite a bit, but today was amazing. Usually I start with just the nigiri to check the quality and so that I can really taste the fish. Then from there I'll move onto the rolls. But not here. The quality and freshness was so good that I stuck with the nigiri from my entire AYCE.. . In the end I walked away after 50 pieces of nigiri. No rolls. Hamachi, Maguro, Salmon, etc, all of it was good. Quality fish and quality rice. The service was efficient, too. I wouldn't say it was the friendliest, but what did I care? I was on a mission.. . After that trip, I now look forward to going here for every trip to Vegas. Well worth it!
Let me just say this- my first trip to Vegas we visited Yama Sushi TWICE, and my last trip we came as well. I can't get enough!!. I'm from the Bay Area, CA and we have a lot of great Japanese restaurants out here, however in the middle of a desert is where I have had the best sushi. The All You Can Eat is no joke- I was expecting some cheaper, average rolls but the entire menu is up for grabs. The fish is so fresh it just melts in your mouth. I absolutely love the menu with the semi-dirty names! It was awesome getting extra rolls given to us by the sushi chefs alongside the amazing rolls and sushi we ordered. It was a great way to experience more fish I have not yet tried. Order the bean sprout salad- I HATE bean sprouts but I couldn't get enough! Come during lunch time when it isn't as busy. I'm telling you, if you don't come here, you're Vegas trip is not complete!!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  When people want to have sushi, I always suggest Yama.  I like that it's close to where I live and central to most things.  But what I like the most is the fact that they have All You Can Eat reasonably priced, $25 or less, depending on lunch or dinner.  When one roll costs $9-$12, I'm going to get All You Can Eat.  Especially since that comes with all the appetizers, rolls, and desert you want.. . As I am typing this, I can see Cheree L.'s review about getting sick.  I'm sorry to hear this has happened to her, but it's never happened to me.  I've had nothing but great food and great service at Yama.
The AYCE sushi here is the best in Las Vegas. When I go there with a plus one, I usually leave feeling super full, happy, and out like $70 MAX. It is so incredibly worth it that you'll want to make plans for your next outing to Yama. . . Son of the Beach, the roll, rocks my socks. It's delicious. So delicious, even, that if you live far away, you need to drive there just for that. I do, and I'm a ways out. Not only that, but the place itself is cool, too. It's kinda cramped on the busier days, but it doesn't detract from it one bit. The waitresses were super nice, quick, friendly, and helpful when I asked my really lame questions. The sushi chefs were also super nice and friendly, and they provided a ton of suggestions when I told themwhat I was kinda looking for. . . Seriously, I'm hungry now just because of writing this review. I'll see you at Yama.
i love yama sushi!!!! the all you can eat includes so much, from appetizers to soup to mochi ice cream!. . The quality of the sushi is very good given the price. They offer many creative and funnily named rolls. I recommend the no name roll and whose your daddy roll. I also love their seafood salad, its basically a sashimi salad topped with some shrimp tempura. However, be wary of their spicy grade, the two times I've ordered the seafood salad mild and found it too spicy to eat more than a few bites.. . When it gets busy, service can get really slow, however the fact that the waitresses have the foresight to incrementally send in your orders, anticipating that you will get too full and want to cancel part of your order, makes up for the spotty service. Putting up with slow service beats wasting (and paying for) lots of untouched sushi or eating until your stomach explodes
BEST SUSHI PLACE in town!. . I brought my friends, my family, my boyfriend and we just want to come back all the time when we are going out!. . It is even funny one of the chef recognize me all the time when i am coming back which makes me feel appreciated!. . You will never be disappointed! . The food is amazing (try the Wet Dreams), the waitresses are nice and the service is quick.. Just be patient if there are a lot of customers waiting to be seated, it is worth it!!!. . I love to finish with the Mochi Ice Cream included on the AYCE!. Now I am faithful to them and will never go anywhere else.... . Thank you to the team Yama Sushi!
Love the innovative rolls!!! My favorites: Sun of the Beach and Happy Ending.  All you can eat and I will definitely eat here every time I'm in Vegas.  Just missed the line...
Wow, From the minute i sat down it was a great experience. I sat at the bar and it was busy. Love being greeted and asked if i want AYCE which they knew i did. The Chef introduced himself and while i was deciding on my first roll he was busy making me something. He handed me a plate with a roll called NO NAME. Its new to the menu and i suggest you try it. It was delicious. And in between me ordering rolls he was making concoctions for me to try. Im definitely impressed with the level of service and attention i received. . . From the server never letting my Lemonade get to the south end of the levy. To even though the Chefs were busy how my rolls kept coming in a timely manner. And i say Go when Jun is working, hes a master at the rolls in my eyes. And from the Appetizer i had Chicken Teriyaki i was so engulfed which trying new rolls i forgot i ordered it til it came out which was quickly as well. The other patrons are more than friendly as well when they are your bar neighbor. I had so many rolls but the No Name and The Harry Potter and the Wet Dream stood out to me. Sad that i went to UNLV for 4 years and drove by Yama everyday and never went in. Im kicking myself because it was YAMAYUMMY. . They didnt go overboard on rice or sauce. My Wasabi and Ginger didnt come out right away but thats not enough to deter me. And try the Mochi Ice cream. I shall be back maybe soon as the next day lol.
No name & One Minute Man = heaven.
My friend and I drove across town to try this all you can eat sushi. The restaurant is small and very crowded. Waiting time for us on Friday night was 30 minutes. But I definitely will go back. the price is 24$ dinner buffet. I had seaweed salad for appetizer. highly recommend it. The Saba fish is OK, i had better. My absolute favorite dish was "no name" special roll. It has tempura inside and salmon on top with yam yam source wrapped with soy paper. Combination of crunchy and sweet and raw texture from salmon. So yummy.
Couldn't have asked for a better experience.  Bon was our chef and he was Amazing!  The all you can eat deal is the best... especially if you can put away the sushi.  Like most other reviews say, the place is small, busy and crowded.  That being said, we never waited more than a couple of minutes for the sushi we asked for.
Yama is one of my favorite sushi place ever! Wish they had it in the Bayarea . Its cheap for a sushi buffet & they make it when u order it so its always fresh. Unlike the other sushi buffets where the sushi sits there for hours. Every time I go to Vegas I always hit up Yama.  I recommend the Wet Dream it literally melts in your mouth. Its hard to enjoy other sushi restaurants since I've eaten here. Best sushi ever!
It's pretty cheap for all you can eat sushi for lunch and dinner ($21 lunch, 24 dinner) The rolls were really good, and the fish (esp the white tuna) was SUPER soft and didn't have that day-old fish taste. The fish was pretty darn fresh. The desserts were delicious too!. . The restaurant itself was really small and you feel pretty snug sitting inside, but the taste was great!
Upgraded to 5 stars. I love me some Yama Sushi. This time I went a la solo without my boyfriend. Although it was fun getting him to eat sushi for the first time EVER I got to pick exactly what I wanted this go round without having to worry about a newbie. :). . I showed up at 11:45 AM this morning (they open at 11:30 AM) and I personally believe this must be the perfect time to hit up this place. It was already kind of busy, but definitely not packed. However I was seated quickly. Their service is phenomenal and the staff is so sweet. . . Here's what I got (I kinda went a little traditional this afternoon): Miso Soup, Cucumber Salad, Spicy Tuna Roll, and one order of Shrimp Sashimi. Everything was perfect. The soup and cucumber salad were refreshing and a nice counter to each other. And my roll was delightful, everything I want a spicy tuna roll to be. Lastly, the shrimp sashimi was very fresh and tasted perfect.. . I love this spot so much now. It's so close to where I live. This may be bad because I crave sushi ALL the time. :)
Chalk up another five-star review. Great recipes, fresh ingredients. and service is actually pretty fast even when it's packed. You only really need to order 3 items to make the buffet worth it over the regular menu, so it's always a good deal. Probably would recommend going way early if you can for the lunch price since it does get so crowded. I can't remember everything I tried, but the seafood salad had a yummy variety of sashimi, and most of the rolls are excellent!
Yama Sushi is my favorite sushi joint until I can find better. Most of the specials are tasty and the nigiri is good. My faves are man whore, sun of the beach, and something else with crunchy eel. Their seafood salad is excellent I could just drink up the sauce haha. Gyoza is good, yakitori is good, mussels are okay. I thought both the soft shelled crab and deep fried mussels were tasteless. I think the worst item they serve is the BBQ Beef. It is thin beef shortrib that is super chewy and rubbery and tastes like salty garlic. I hope they improve on it - at least grill it.. . I appreciate the excellent customer service no matter how busy it gets. An even better fact is that you can have as much ice cream. and mochi ice cream as you want.
Been coming here for the last 6 years!  Fantastic sushi for AYCE and price.  Over the years, it's popularity has increased dramatically so it's best to arrive early for dinner....1-2 hour waits are the norm some evenings!  The mochi, red bean ice cream, and green tea ice cream are all delicious so leave room for them.  Yamasushi is no longer a secret.  I only wish they would open a second location on the west or northwest sides!
Apparently, this place is soo good that I had to come back less than a week later. (Actually, a bunch of friends were meeting up somewhat spontaneously and so I gleefully tagged along...). . I definitely wanted to get a little more of my money's worth out of the buffet this time. Thankfully, I had also a little more time to plot my strategy since I wasn't running so late. I definitely wanted to get some variety in,. so I started again with the Seafood Salad, which is basically the closest thing to all you can eat sashimi (as long as you don't mind the "medium" level of spiciness). Then I picked up the I Love Salmon so I could enjoy... well, salmon. It had cream cheese inside, plus more salmon and avocado on top. Nothing extremely fancy.. . I also nicked a few things from others' orders, including the creamy Man Whore, a yummy salmon skin roll, and an EXCELLENT piece of the Wet Dream. It's a warm, gooey explosion in your mouth! (no innuendo intended, ahem...). . The Double Dragon that came next was the only one that I ate all by myself, which I guess I owed to everybody getting pretty full by then. It was a very delicious and sweet unagi (eel) roll, and I definitely could've ordered a second one, but I had to save room for the Yama Crunch to cap off the meal. It's crunchy shrimp tempura and crab meat, probably a piece of cucumber too, and it's clearly the most solid roll all around. Heck, they gave it the same name as the restaurant, so it's gotta be good. I ate most of the pieces, but I passed the last tail piece off to a friend who also really loves the Yama Crunch (and also because I was starting to reach the fringes of "nauseatingly full").. . I can't say I've experienced much of the competition, but this is probably some of the best all you can eat sushi out there, period. I think I'd be really hard-pressed to find better.
Best in Vegas hands down.
Wet Dream! Sun of the Beach! Harry Potter! Firecracker!  What am I talking about?  Sushi! Duh!  Small spot just past the Las Vegas strip.  A friend of friend who lives out in Vegas took us out to this place.  We had soo much sushi!  All you can eat (dinner=23.95) and a Sapporo.  The service is awesome and our waiter, Stephen was hilarious!  They were super nice and super quick with our food.  For dessert we munched on chocolate & strawberry mochi ice cream and red bean ice cream.  BOMB DIGGITY!!!!  Ever in Vegas?  Hit this place up for a nice meal before you the strip.
OMG this place is AMAZING!!!!! Great deal...$23 all you can eat some good fresh amazing sushi?? YES PLEASE!! go here people!!! i am very picky about where i eat sushi...and ive had bad experiences with it so i know how the fish is supposed to taste, and i know the texture its supposed to be...this place is legit!! cant wait to go back to vegas to eat here lol
First off i have to say, i was never really into raw fish; my sushi included california. Thats all.. . After coming to this place I've try many different kinds of fish and other sea creatures! which all were very DEEEELLLISHHH! All you can eat is Very cheap! Wait time can sometimes be long but well worth the price of how great the food is! also sakebombs are not badly priced. I normally spend about $50-60 dollars here on sundays nights. We got in about 10 3/4th sized sake bombs!. . Pretty good / strong buzz! The rice in our stomach kept us from being TOO drunk! We plan on going to this place every other Sunday or at least once a month!. . Very good place to go!
After finally hearing all the great things my friend Gina raves about at Yama, I decided to join her and a few other friends for a late night dinner date at Yama sushi. I'm so mad that it took me so long to finally come here. Although there was a 30 minute wait at 10 pm on a Friday night and we still had to sit at the sushi bar, it was worth the wait!!! . I have to say I was overwhelmed a bit with all the hustle and bustle of the place because it is such a small restaurant that it took me a while to calm down and soak in the chaos and choose what I wanted to eat. First off I usually don't order AYCE because most places are so expensive and I usually don't eat more than 2 rolls but here the price is such a steal at ~ $22 that I couldn't pass it up. I think between the 5 of us we must have ordered everything off the menu and literally everything was ammmaazzziinnggg!!! . Here is my top choices. . -Palm job.....I ordered 2 because they were sooo good. The second one I added asparagus to. . -Green mussels....awesome!!! I'm not sure what sauce it is topped with but it was melt in your mouth to die for. . -Seafood salad and seaweed salad delicious . -Wet Dream, Son on the Beach roll (i think that's the name)....Honestly they ordered so many rolls that I ended up just trying everyone elses that I didn't even order my own, but everything I tried was awesome and like I said I think we ended up trying all the rolls. LOL . Everything is soo fresh and the sushi chefs graciously make sample plates of their favorite sushi creations for you to try throughout your dining experience A+++++ :D . To end the night I tried chocolate and vanilla mochi ( i really wanted the mango but they were out) and the red bean and plum ice cream. The plum was super yummy and so was the mochi!! . On a side note my 4 friends all did a quail egg shot (not for me thanks) but since it was all their first time they each had a different reaction but were pleasantly surprised that they were not grossed out instead they said it tasted good. . -I can't wait to go back!!!!!!
I will never forget this place because it was the place that changed my mind about sushi.. . I used to "hate sushi." Not anymore, my friends! I still don't like sashimi as much, but raw fish with cream cheese and eel sauce on top? MORE PLEASE!!!!. . My friends and I stumbled upon this place one pre-clubbing night in Vegas and we make it a point to visit here everytime we're in Vegas -it's a must on our list.. . The food is delicious @really great AYCE prices. Seriously, NOTHING is bad here. From the salad to the soup to everything, it's just absolutely delicious. Sometimes I get the urge to move here just so I can come here more often.. . The service is perfect. It's really cozy and small- usually there's a wait. And the names of their dishes are Vegas-appropriate and unforgettable. I hope to be visiting this sushi joint for many years to come. :)
My homie was all hatin when I brought him here cuz he's a big representative of sumo sushi and he hasnt been here in 3yrs. Told that fool he's been missin out on some good sh*t.  Every sushi comes out warm and melts in ur mouth. And damn, no name sushi is a sushi that screams out f*ck every other sushi cuz I'm the best!. Skip ordering individual sashimi and go straight to the spicy seafood salad. Trust me, you'll thank me later by taking me out here, your treat.. This place is so good even Amish people were effing in line, no lie! Come early as hell though cuz this place gets more packed than yo filipino momma packing random stuff in cardboard boxes to send to Philippines.. And oh, get the red bean ice cream for dessert.
I love this place!!!!! The rolls are fabulous and the appetizers are to die for. I always get the short ribs and seriously we go to town on the appetizer last time we order 12 orders for 5 people! Service is good only down side is there always so many people the place is packed all day all night so wait time could be anywhere 15 min to 60 min. But damn I'll wait!!!!!
My first place trying sushi was at Yama Sushi. I LOVED it!!! It is now one of my favorite spots. Yummy!
Freaking A. I just can't help singing the praises of this place. I stopped in here for lunch this afternoon. It was seriously packed, but I managed to only have to wait for about 5 minutes before I was seated in a back table.. . I was asked quickly for my drink order, and while waiting for my water to arrive at my table, I was asked again if my drink order had been taken. Incredibly awesome service. . . Today I got the miso soup and cucumber salad (again). Yes, I love miso soup and cucumber salad and Yama's is just perfect. I also ordered the 007 Roll. Everything was fresh, everything tasted delicious. I was in and out in about 30 minutes. . . Perfect. Thank you Yama Sushi for giving me wonderous sushi experiences.
Went here with a fried from out of town. We had to wait a while (20-25 mins) but it was worth it! The all-you-can-eat menu has so many choices and it all comes with all-you-can-eat apps and dessert. We will definitely be back!
Great place! Not the best part of Vegas, but not the worst either. Service was very good, attentive and friendly. For an AYCE sushi, food quality was way better than average. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a seat at the bar (4 of us), but I think we got lucky because when we left, there were quite a few people waiting. I will be back again.
In Vegas for a few days and stopped in here for lunch because of fellow Yelpers reviews.  OMG the best service and food.  Packed and yet the wait was not too long.  The food was fresh, clean and amazingly delicious.  I'd go so far to say that this place is my favorite sushi joint to date.  I wish it was in L.A.
I love sushi, I eat it every chance I get.  Yama Sushi has the best sushi I ever had.  What else can be said?
This is some of the best sushi I have ever had! The spicy seafood salad is the BEST!!! A MUST TRY!!! We live in the middle of nowhere and drive 100miles to eat good sushi here! Other good rolls include Harry Potter, Man Whore, Son of a Beach, and Tiger roll.
8.14.11: This place is the ish. I liked every order that I had. You must check out their seafood Salad. The dressing was different and amazingly good. We also ordered the "who's your daddy roll" , a bunch of sushi pieces like the yellowtail, salmon, tuna, garlic tuna, and hand rolls like the spicy tuna. There was nothing fishy about their food and their service was Great. Our server Isha was so nice and attentive. She was actually the one who gave so many great recommendations. . . I really enjoyed my meal and I don't say that alot especially when its AYCE.  It was suprisingly good and the portions were very friendly. So eat up and try to hit up this spot. 20.95 for lunch and 23.95 for dinner. . . Worth the stop!
Love this place...$23.99 AYCE is amazing. They let you pick from anything on the menu. Quality is excellent for an AYCE. Everytime I visit Las Vegas Yama Sushi is a must! They are always super busy at dinner. A little tip is sit at the sushi bar for the best sevice. The waitresses are always slammed with tables and this way the Sushi Chef really gives you personalized service.
Be warned, this place is busier than a church on Christmas.  A whore house on New Years.  A VD clinic on the day after Valentine's Day... It doesn't matter.  The service is pretty spot on.  If you order half rolls (4 pieces), 4 types at a time, you can constantly have food on your table.  . . I totally fell is love with a few of these rolls.  The firecracker and the 'one minute man' are the best.  The 'snow in Vegas' is pretty legit too.  It was a little disheartening to find out that the Sapporros are $6.50 a pop.  We had two, in addition to the sodas, so that's a nice surprise when the bill comes.  Other than that, the $50 for all you can eat goodness is worth the price... and the wait.
Best Sushi in town...All you can eat for 20 bucks is the best deal u can ever find..and that includes almost everything in the menu not just sushi.. My record : 48 piece. Can you beat that?
I was introduced to this place by my cousin, and man was it good and all-you-could-eat.  Everything I had was tasty.  I highly recommend the sashimi salad (or whatever it was called, it is raw fish salad) with spicy sauce.  Wow.  I want to come here everyday.  The only con I have, but not to ding it a star, is it gets crowded, so get there early!
I visited Yama Sushi for the first time on Saturday, with a group. This place is SUPER busy- there was a line out the door from the time I arrived until the time I left.  It is very small and cozy, but certainly bustling.  We tried a variety of dishes, both rolls, sashimi, even Korean BBQ and everything was fresh and delicious.  I especially enjoyed the Wet Dream roll, but I don't think there was anything I didn't like.  Service was quick and efficient and the food just kept coming! It was a great value, as well- $23.95 for all you can eat sushi? Unbelievable!  I will definitely return-it is worth the wait.
Sushi Heaven....did the all you can eat, I don't know how this place stays in business.  No Name, Harry Potter, Wet Dream were very fresh and very good.  I tried many others and they all were very fresh and good, but these three stood out to me.  Love the seafood salad, and the red bean ice cream was spot on.
I think that this is the best AYCE in the valley.  I used to be a Sushi Mon fan but I changed that after I went here.  It is best to seat on a table... Not the bar.  It gets very busy.  Very busy.  Sometimes, a little too busy.
Best all you can eat sushi place I have been to in Vegas! The best part is it is all you can eat everything on the menu, appetizers, teriyaki, sushi, special rolls, and dessert for a low price. If everyone at the table gets all you can eat then you can share. Great flavors, always fresh. I wouldn't recommend sitting at the bar, you surprisingly have slower service when you do.
For the price, you can't ask for a better all you can eat sushi. It is small, and nondescript on the outside, but has a pleasant and busy atmosphere on the inside.  I am so glad I have people close to me in Las Vegas introduced me to Yama, and I am so glad they did! Despite the crowd, I prefer to sit at the bar and watch the chefs at work while I eat. Some of the chefs are more generous with the fish than others. If Yunge is there, he is my personal favorite. He often will make off-the-menu sushi and occasionally sashimi, and will let us try. Some of these items later appear on the menu.. . I recommend trying (among other things) the spicy seafood salad, the salmon kama, the no name roll, and the plum ice cream. Remember that basically anything on the menu, with rare exception, is included in the all you can eat menu. Be adventurous! If you think you might like it, try it!
My favorite ! The end
Short and to the point.. . Every sushi joint disappoints after eating at Yama Sushi.  Get the seafood salad, just thinking about it makes my mouth water!. . Avoid late Fri. and Sat. night unless you wanna wait for an hour or so.
Yama Sushi was love at first bite for me :D . . It is very similar to the typical AYCE sushi joint, Miso Soup, Cucumber salad, FRESH and DELICIOUS rolls from Catapillar to WET DREAM to soft shell crab. . . The service was quick, the servers were polite, and great about helping you choose tasty delights.. . Everytime I come here, its PACKED! so expect a 20-45 (or longer) wait to be seated. And another thing to consider is the size- yes most sushi places are small but considering the volume of people coming in and out- you'd think they'd opt for more space. I dont mind waiting because the food is totally worth it!. . AYCE Lunch special $21.99+, Dinner special $24.99+
All You Can Eat sushi is the best deal in town..Always hit this spot up when I go to Vegas. Sushi is always fresh and service is quick, nice, and helpful...you won't regret coming here!!!
I went back to Yama while visiting friends and family in Vegas. The restaurant is getting even more crowed than I remember. I learned that Yunge has recently moved to Korea, and the no-name roll was taken off the menu. Sad news, but our experience was still very good, and I will still be back. And because it is still my favorite AYCE sushi place I have found to date, I can not find it in me to take a star from their rating... yet. If 4.5 was an option, I would chose that.. . So a few new recommendations to make up for the missing no-name roll. If you want something fun and cooked, the man whore is also good. For those who want a little sashimi, the Garlic Tuna is excellent.
We were very impressed by this all-you-can-eat sushi joint. It was a gem! They have a wide selection of appetizers and sushi rolls to choose from their menu.  All the sushi was fresh and really good. The service was great and the food came out quickly. I highly recommend Yama Sushi!
If you want the best sushi, friendly service, but can wait up to 45 mins to be seated, this is place to be. This place always has a wait, but it's well worth it. We go here at least once or twice a month for the AYCE. Only thing is I wish the place was a little bigger, but other than that, I'll keep coming back.
Like most of the reviews mention this place is small and it can get crowded.  We didn't have to wait on weekday afternoon and got there about an hour before it switched over to dinner.  It did fill up rather quickly after that and at one point a room divider almost fell on me. But after experiencing Yama Sushi I really can't imagine going anywhere else!  The price is more then fair for AYCE and the entire menu is fair game.  The standouts for me were the seafood salad, Yama roll, superman, wet dream.... seriously everything was good!  I can't wait to go back.   Not to mention the servers are very attentive.  Water always refilled, plates taken away quickly and always ready for our next order.
I have serious cravings for AYCE sushi at this place all the time. Spicy seafood salad if you love sashimi and the wet dream roll... *drools* i don't think I've ever left this place without feeling so stuffed that I cannot move anymore. Everything is so daymnnnn good! Ive never had any roll that wasn't sooo super yummy! I want to try allthe AYCE sushi place there is but since eating here it's just hard to. I swear one day i might just go there alone just to satisfy myself. #fatgirlproblems
This place is my favorite place to go to for AYCE sushi, $23 now that's a deal! . . This restaurant is a bit small and there's always a wait but it's worth it. I would recommend to order the seafood salad, it's a good portion too not like other sushi restaurants. You can also order half rolls which is a plus and you can order as much mochi as you want but their mochis are a bit hard so u have to wait a while for it to soften up. . . This place is definitely more bang for your buck so try this place out :)
Oh my gosh, what can I say that hasn't been said yet? This is a pretty ridiculous deal, and I'm so glad we made this our dinner stop during our one night in Vegas. I haven't been to Vegas in over a decade, and I definitely had my king's pick of your typical "Vegas buffets." However, I opted for this one after reading all the enthusiastic reviews. I'm guessing everyone else reads Yelp, too, because the place was pretty packed for a Tuesday night...at 6:00. We didn't relent, however, and whiled away 30 minutes shopping at the TJ Maxx nearby. . . The place is tiny, as most reviewers have said, and the atmosphere friendly. We also were served by the most opinionated, cheeriest server ever. She was like a super happy Christmas elf hopped up on caffeine (got a mental image yet?), as she recommended us a bunch of speciality rolls, as well as how we should pace ourselves (i.e. get a half roll to try, then whole if you really like it, since they charge for leftovers). She seemed really knowledgeable, so we took most of her advice, and really glad we did! Some of our favorites include: Sun of the Beach, Wet Dreams, Superman, and the Untitled one (I think it's #24?). I also tried the fish by itself and got the garlic tuna, which was fresh and sprite. Even the side dishes were delicious, including the miso soup. This is one of the few AYCE places that I really felt I was getting a delicious, well-crafted bang for my buck.
Went in on a Sunday night around 6pm and even though there was a crowded wait, we were seated in less than ten minutes. What you do with AYCE is scan the two menus (one with everything on it from desserts to appetizers to hand rolls and the other with pictured specialty rolls) and order a few choices. They are delivered almost instantly! Devour those and REPEAT! I love this system even though at times it can be confusing. This place is great even though its crowded, get to know your neighbors! it can be as fun as you make it. I love the waitresses that urge you to try everything. It was my dad's first time AYCE and I'd have to say he was liking it. . . Tips: . -Bring a pen to mark what you have tried! . -Drink green tea (which is included in AYCE) when you feel like you've eaten too much yet still want to go on! :D our little secret. which isn't really a secret as it is a known fact.... -Ask for half-rolls when you just want to try a roll for the first time! Really saves your stomach. . -Don't skimp on the mochi and ice cream dessert at the end!...or inbetween rolls ;D
I love this place sushi no where else! Service is superb! And all rolls are great! Ps sun of the beach and wet dream are all time favs. Try this place u will love the quality and price only 21 buks for Lunch.
This place is great! My wife and I had a fantastic time. The food is delicious and the service is top notch. We were swarmed by the attentive waitresses who encouraged us to order and enjoy ourselves. Sushi/rolls appeared almost as soon as we ordered. I won't bore you with what we had to eat, we all have our favorites, but the seafood salad stands out. We have been to many of the top rated AYCE Sushi and Yama Sushi truly stands apart.
I love this place. I keep coming back to Yama. The have a great community, and awesome servers. I mean how could you not with $21 dollar All you can!
When there after work. Had the all you can eat. One of the best spots for sushi in Vegas. The no name was the best sushi roll I had last night
My love took me there for our Valentine's Day dinner during Valentine's Day weekend.  It was ridiculously busy, I almost wanna say more than usual, but we only waited about 15 minutes.  Our servers and additional staff was very attentive, we waited on average of 1-3 minutes for each of our rolls to come out.  For the I'm Turning Japanese roll it took a little longer because the yama yama is baked but it was our last roll so we didn't mind.. . For $23 a person for AYCE it was more than worthwhile!  We had nine rolls, I think my favorite would be I'm Turning Japanese, or Son of a Beach.  We also had some Unagi which was very delicious and the pieces were big.  Each roll were in good proportions, none of that overfilled with rice crap.  I won't lie it was saucy, but we both prefer saucy so it didn't bother me.. . The mango mochi ice cream was a little too cold but once it chilled it was good, but not as good as the red bean ice cream.. . We will be back!
If you want AYCE sushi done right, this is bar-none my favorite AYCE sushi establishment in Las Vegas (Pending if Kan-Pai ever goes back to AYCE).. . I know this place has hundreds of reviews, so of course it was going to be busy when my girlfriend and I arrived at 6pm on Valentines Day.  It was only a 15 minute wait which went by pretty fast and we were seated.. . Within 1 minute of seating our server asked us for a drink and an order.  None of that "wait 5 minutes to get a drink, gives drink then walks away, comes back 3 minutes later to get an order".  She was on the ball.  I ordered the Roger Roger! roll and some unagi.. . 3 minutes later our first 2 rolls were being served.  I just couldn't believe it.  So...Fucking...Fast.  It turns out that this was the theme, whenever a roll was ordered, within 3 minutes at most they would bring back our order.. . A+ on the staff for everything.  There had to have been a dozen wait-staff buzzing around such a small area, but they were on the ball.. . I did not have a single problem with any of rolls I ate, the Unagi was great and the Roger Roger! Roll will be my go-to choice in my future visits to Yama Sushi. As for desert I had some mango mochi and red bean ice cream.  It's impossible to do red bean wrong.  And I guess we didn't let the mochi thaw out since my gf and I both took a bite into it and it was hard as a rock...whoops!. . I wasn't a fan of the miso soup, then again I am not gonna knock them for that since only Naked Fish does miso soup correctly to my knowledge.. . Despite it being packed and somewhat crammed, it was definitely an enjoyable experience.. . Believe in the hype...BELIEVE!!!!. . PS: I'm a sucker for garlic ponzu sauce, any place that has that in winnar!. . #99problemsbutAYCEsushiaintone. #BelieveTheHype
This is one place I just HAVE to go every time I'm visiting here in LV. If you are into big spacious restaurants, this isn't for you. You sit pretty close to your neighboring tables and are easily observed. It's loud in here, but keep in mind, it's always busy and especially during the lunch hour- but you'll still have more than enough time to enjoy all the goodness this place has to offer since they are super friendly and fast!. . . You can't go wrong with the ALL-You-Can-Eat option! I especially prefer this since it allow me to order all kind of different sushi specials. The nice thing about it is that you can order a "half" order of any kind of special rolls they have to offer. Meaning you have more room to try something else. Plus you still get the great perks of ordering meat choices of chicken or beef teriyaki or korean short ribs as well. . . The staff is super friendly and helpful if your not sure on what to order. The sashimi salad is sooo yummy! I highly recommend! Some servings of particular orders may seems small, but that's OK, it allows you to venture out and try other things on the menu (all you can eat menu). Regular items that are not ordered from the all you can eat menu are of the normal portion of japanese bento box style. . . Quality of the food is great. Fresh sashimi, fish and seafood found here in LV? Yes!!! I spoke with the owners and chef a few times and they get daily shipments of fresh seafood. You know what that means, this place is no joke! . . Price? more than reasonable for what you get. If your on a budget or just not looking to spend over $25 for a lunch or dinner, I say keep more $$$ in your wallet, avoid those corporate buffets at the hotels on the strip and enjoy some great japanese/korean food in a not so busy environment. . . There is plenty of parking since this is located at a strip mall next to albertson's and CVS. You can't go wrong!!!!
This is my FAVORITE sushi spot in Vegas! I refuse to go anywhere else but Yama, Their prices for AYCE are extremely reasonable $19.99 for lunch and $23.99 for dinner. Also when you get AYCE they offer EVERYTHING on the menu including unlimited appetizers, rolls and dessert. It just doesnt get any better then that! It can get a bit crowded in there as the place is small, its tucked away inside a strip mall on the east side of town. If you blink you might miss it! However size does not matter here lol. The service is always great dirty plates are taken away almost immediately and my water glass is always full. My favorite thing on the menu is the Seafood Salad which is lots of fresh sashimi with their spicy house sauce it is TO DIE FOR! The best thing on the menu IMO. My favorite rolls are the sun of the beach and the wet dream. I also like the no name roll very good. I go here again and again and again and take all my friends here too. Great job Yama!!!!!
One of my favorite places for Sushi in Vegas...oh how I miss you Yama!
THE NO NAME ROLL & SUN OF THE BEACH!. . That is all you need to know, just kidding. I love this place so much that I will even wait in line for an hour just so I can come in and grub at this AYCE sushi joint. Out of all the places that I have been to in Las Vegas, this place has definitely been the best. It is on a first come first serve basis so if you are planning to come as a big group for dinner time then make sure someone shows up first to put their name on the list. Wait times range from 30 minutes to an hour and a half when they are really busy. More if you have a large party. I wish that they would expand so that more people are able to come feast on their delightful, heavenly sushi! So.. beware of you are claustrophobic because everyone is packed in there like sardines in a can. I fell in love with the No Name Roll! It is my favorite roll and the Sun of the Beach is second. The have quirky names for their rolls like the Who's Your Daddy Roll, One Minute Man, and the Strip Tease. There is also a Harry Potter roll! I always do AYCE because I feel like if you don't then it's not worth it! Haha. AYCE at dinner time is a wonderful price at $25.95 compared to other places. You even get unlimited desserts. Try asking for an orange and see what they give you, it's very cute. A really good hand roll for fans of a little kick of spice is the Palm Job! I love those! If you want to be more of a sampler then you can even order half rolls the whole time. I LOVE THIS PLACE. I cannot say it enough. The servers are always very attentive and come back to get your orders for the next round as well as clearing your plates immediately after you have picked off the last piece. How much appetizers, rolls, and just food in general you can order for the price you are paying is phenomenal.. . Come to Yama Sushi, I swear you won't hit up any other sushi joint after!
Best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas. $21.95 for lunch.
being from hawaii I am super picky about sushi.BEST SUSHI IN TOWN HANDS DOWN!
Fresh fish and good ambience. This place rocks! Their all you can eat special is worth the price. Rolls are delicious. Definitely a great sushi spot.
I love coming here! I try to restrain myself to once a month.  The Palm Job is the best, I always order it first! the place is small inside but they manage to squeeze everyone in. Yama crunch and Turning Japanese ar e two of my favorites.
Man, do i LOVE this place!!!! . . Every time i got back, it is like I'm trying the sushi for the first time and just get sent to that wonderful place of "mmmmmmmmmmmm".  . I have been to quite a good bit of AYCE sushi places here, and this is at the top of my list. Every time my bf and i have went our orders always come out fast, the service is good despite the place always being packed, the sushi...oh the sushi is so heavenly! All the combinations and sauciness....so so so good! . . If you are going to try this place out, you should know that it is a small place and it is pretty much always packed, so you will have to be prepared to wait awhile depending on your party size. For me and my boyfriend it is ALWAYS a 45min wait, but it is SOOOOOO worth it! Also, SUN OF THE BEACH is a MUST try!!!!! . . Happy Sushi : )
I love love love this place. The spicy seafood salad is a must. The AYCE was just okay but I will definately be back next time I am in LV.
Every time I come to Vegas I have to take a trip to Yama Sushi. I sit at the bar and do the AYCE Sushi. The old Korean guy behind the bar makes awesome sushi at your request and always encourages you to eat more. He'll also give you suggestions. (make sure to tip them well. they work hard!). . I can't pinpoint one type of roll I like. I pretty much like it all. Of course the salmon can't be compared to say the fresh salmon rolls in Vancouver BC but for non-LA and non-Vancouver this joint is awesome. Decently priced. Give it a shot and don't be scared by the crowd waiting outside to be seated.
SPRING BREAK! I think it would be packed but surprisingly we only had to wait about ten minutes to get seated.  The seating seats at least four people per table.  Immediately before we sat our waiter got our order of drinks and got to our table before we ordered.  Yes, finally water service! . . One of their famous rolls: Sun of the beach it came out hot and fresh. It was a new sensation for me. If you look on the menu the names are only what you will find in Vegas.  "One minute man"  "Wet dreams"   All in which, made me laugh with my friends.  It was definitely a great conversation to start with.   Especially when deciding what rolls we like to try.  HAHAHhahah.. . ONE GOOD THING!!  The rolls are not overpowered by fillers such as crabmeat and Philadelphia cheese.  In this case maintains their five star rating with me.  Also, I love how attentive the waiters were with keeping our glasses full with water and our table with sushi orders.  I know I have Sushi back in Cali but if I am in Vegas this I will make an exception.. . ***Fresh rolls: Double salmon roll.
6 words--- great all you can eat sushi!  They have a regular menu also but the ayce sushi is sooooo good and it's great quality.  Can't say enough I stop here every time I'm in town.
Are you kidding me?  The freshest most delicious sushi experience of my life. . . Unsurpassed quality with everything that was brought to the table.. . They start you off with a "Seafood Salad"--there's no lettuce around, just generous chunks of salmon and tuna, with deep-fried shrimp in a spicy rice-vinegar dressing on top a bed of noodles. I could've just had that and been blissful, but then came the rolls...rolls upon rolls!. . So, to clarify something: when you think 'all-you-can-eat' sushi, don't think of a buffet, because it's not that; it is roll-by-roll, order what you want but eat what you order. The bigger the group, the more you can try and the easier it is to finish the rolls. . . My family is a bunch of foodies; there were 2 chefs in our group, to boot, and all of us were impressed with the quality of the dishes. . . This is now a mandatory stop for me in Las Vegas, and if you eat sushi anywhere else, you are missing out.
Best place in Vegas and most of the country. Great prices. Can get busy as this is a local spot and small. Hidden in a strip mall. I always suggest this place!!
For AYCE sushi, this place is tops!  Been here twice.  Both time OUTSTANDING!. . We sat at the bar and the service was super fast.  Often I've seen AYCE where they make you wait and try to load you up on soups & appetizers.  While you can certainly get those, their many sushi chefs whip out some amazing creations super fast.  You can get basic Nigiri, which was fine.  Actually, the salmon was quite good.  And, they have an amazing selection of rolls too.  But, my favorite was the "seafood salad" which is huge plate of various Sashimi (no rice) with a ponzu-like sauce.  OMG!  Wished we lived closer!
I absolutely LOVE this place. I have been going here for years. This is the best kept AYCE sushi secret off the strip. Expect to wait maybe 45 mins-1 hour plus on weekends, there is ALWAYS a line if you go for dinner, granted that is a good sign!. . Some of my favorites are: The seafood salad, no name roll, who's your daddy, wet dream and I like to polish it off with cucumber salad, edamame, miso and of course-MOCHI!. . The fresh cuts are just that, FRESH, and the variety of dishes is quite remarkable.. . Overall, if you plan on eating around 8PM on the weekend, try to arrive at least around 7PM. For lunch there is really no waiting time to speak of.. . Yama Sushi-a diamond in the rough, referring to the strip mall it's located in. You will not be disappointed.
Yeah! Jackpot!! I know where I'm going every time I hit Las Vegas from now on!. . Having recently become addicted to sushi, I hopped on Yelp after arriving in Las Vegas to find where the good sushi places around there are.  I wasn't necessarily looking for high class sushi bars at the hotels, but just good sushi in general, even if it was off the beaten path a little bit.. . Well, with all these good reviews for Yama Sushi, how could we not try it!  The drive wasn't too far off the strip, and I enjoy seeing other areas of Las Vegas so that's a bonus for me.  Yama Sushi was located in a shopping center, it was a small sushi dive and we were lucky as we didn't have to wait for a table.  (And this, from what I read and hear, is a rare occasion ... usually there is a wait for Yama Sushi, especially during peak sushi hours, such as lunch time and evening time).. . Anyway, we were greeted by a very friendly hostess who sat us down at the table.  Having been burned by not so good AYCE deals before, we decided to order a couple of rolls from the menu instead.  (Next time we'll probably go for the AYCE).. Our waiter was very friendly and funny,  and I do see a couple of reviews here that complain about the service, but I don't have any complaints in that department at all.  . . For starters, I ordered "Sun on a beach", it had eel, tempura shrimp and avocado on the inside and salmon on top, drizzled with eel sauce!! Hands down, one of the best rolls I've ever had.  I've even started asking my regular sushi place where I live to make this roll for me,  I just love it!. My husband got a spicy roll, I believe it may have been "Who's your daddy", and he really loved it as well.. . Once we were done, we agreed we could fit one more roll, so we ordered one that had tempura squid in it.  I can't for the life of me remember the name! But it was delicious! :). . Unfortunately we didn't make it to dessert, but we will next time.  This will definitely become a "must-stop" place every time we visit Las Vegas! :). . Taste, freshness, creativity... even comedy! This sushi joint has it all.  I'm giving 5 stars.
Very delicious sushi rolls with provocative names. . Also very fast service. Didn't have to wait long for rolls which is a big plus.. This place needs to expand a little more since it has many customers all the time. and usually busy.
Went to Yama Sushi on our trip to Las Vegas and were very impressed. We only planned to go one time, but the sushi was so good and for such a good price, we ended up going 2 more times! We tried all of the rolls and they were great. One dish I enjoyed immensely was the seafood salad that included various sashimi and a spicy sauce. We had all-you-can-eat which included all sushi, appetizers, drinks, and dessert (mochi or ice cream)! It was very busy but the staff was hard working and friendly. They allow you to order half rolls (4 pieces) so you get to try more. We sat at the bar and the chef was very helpful in helping us order. The restaurant is a few minutes from the strip and definitely worth the drive. I can't wait to come back!
One of the best all you can eat sushi spots in town!
OMG one of the best sushi places in Vegas!!!! Their rolls are adult-themed, but delicious!!!  I recommend doing the "all-you-can-eat" $20 option... Highly recommend the "wet dream" and "no name" rolls!!!!
This is the best sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. ALL the chefs at Yama Sushi are great by the way. If I could..I'd eat here EVERY DAY! :D
Not gonna write a whole lot here.  I'm sure you can see by the 400 other mostly 4 and 5 star reviews, this place is legit.  I go about 2-3 times a month when I am craving some eel and yellowtail.. . Some of my favorite rolls are a double dragon (tempura eel, eel, avo), sun of the beach(shrimp temp, salmon, spicy mayo), turning japanese roll (just try it). . . So basically yea, the price is the best, the food is amazing, and the service is great for a sushi restaurant that is as busy as this one is.
Best sushi place in Vegas..fresh sushi...creative menu and friendly staff. The wait can be long..try the lunch buffet
Our absolute favorite sushi spot in Vegas!! Yummy food, great service, amazing price and some of the best sushi rolls I've ever had!!!!! Great price for AYCE eat sushi! Fish I always fresh! My favorites are wet dream roll, #21, Harry potter roll, firecracker and garlic tuna sushi! The yakotori is yummy and my husband loves the seafood salad! They always remembered us and service was always great!!
Best rolls in Vegas!! They also have a seafood salad that is bomb!!!\. Its probably the tastiest sushi in Vegas!!
THE PLACE IN VEGAS FOR AYCE SUSHI!. . I've tried many AYCE sushi places throughout the years and this place is the best!. . We come here often and have been doing more so ever since we moved here.  Let me start by saying I'm not a die hard sashimi eater and I love the generic, americanized sushi rolls...meaning, I like the fusion rolls, fried, with spicy mayo and sweet sauce; so this place is perfect for me.. . First of all, there a tremendous selection of high quality rolls, that beats other places.. My friend and I tried to figure out what makes this place so good, and we think it's a combination of the fresh fish and the different sauces and the way the chefs prepare the rolls.  . . Order what you can eat, because they will charge you for excess!. . Rolls not to miss are the Sun of the Beach, No Name, and Wet Dream!  Sun of the Beach is one of the best rolls I've ever had!  . The seafood salad is big and plentiful and the yellowtail collar is awesome!  Those two dishes alone would cost you over $20 at any sushi joint.. . There is a roll not currently on the menu and they named it after the manager.  It combines a sort of salsa sauce and has a little kick to it!  If you get it, you won't be disappointed.. . Top it off with your favorite mochi for dessert and I've yet not left that place feeling like I need to be rolled out!  . . I Love Yama Sushi!
First visit n discovered A real good sushi joint. My cous said its usually packed wit a lot of people but well worth the wait to get in. Had all u can eat sushi, the menu had so much to choose from n erything I ordered was delicious n fresh, gotta try the seafood salad. Real good service n the sushi chefs were expert sushi creators. The place is not that big but the sushi is big n fresh in flavors. The food didn't last that long to take pictures because it was that good! Yama sushi is a must try!
All I can say is WOW!.  I lived in Okinawa for seven years and this is as good or better than anything I had in Japan.  The menu is very thorough, the prices are reasonable, and the fact it's less than $30.00 AYCE made while you wait and always fresh makes this the best place in town.
I come here often. Too often in fact. I have tried around 5 all-you-can-eat sushi places in Vegas and this one is definitely the best one. . . It gets busy during lunch time always so come early or just before the end of lunch service otherwise you may have to wait for 20-40 minutes. . . The only suggestion I have is to not over cook beef teriyaki. Sometimes it is too tough. Please let customers have more than one portion of Palm Job roll. I love it!
This place rocks!
This is a great place to eat sushi. The place is located off the strip in a parking lot which is convenient and not that much traffic. The All You Can Eat is the best deal.. Service is ok although the last time we went we felt rushed out since the crowd started to come in. Strip Tease, Man Whore, Shrimp Lover and Wet Dream are my all time favorite dishes.  My only grip about this place is that I hope they had more bathrooms available they only have 1 bathroom for each Men & Women which is an inconvenience. Definitely recommend coming here to eat sushi that is priced very well.
I have been going to Yama sushi for over two years now and I love it! The sushi is excellent along with the friendly staff that works there. You HAVE to try the seafood salad, sun of the beach roll, and the wet dream roll. I have no complaints about this place and it is definitely worth the price. Thank you Yama!
Best Sushi I have had so far.  I crave it often and would be willing to take a drive to Vegas just to eat here.  Great value and great quality.  The last time we went the wait was 1.5 hr but totally worth it.
Best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas! I have been to so many places and nowhere offers a better AYCE! This is the only place that I can eat sashimi because the fish is so fresh. You have to try the seafood salad, it's so delicious! My only complaint, is that they need a bigger restaurant. Other than that this place is close to perfection for service, food quality, and pricing!
This place is great!. . This was our second visit to Yama.  We're from L.A., and it has been years since I've found an all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant that is this good overall.  So, on this trip to Vegas, I was looking forward to returning to Yama, and it was everything I had been looking for.  . . Note that I don't usually eat "fusion" sushi, nor all-you-can-eat or pre-prepared sushi.  My preference is for "purist" sushi, with no California Rolls or Spicy Tuna, no tempura in the rolls, and certainly no mayonnaise sauces.  I suppose I'm a bit of a sushi snob.  (Sushi in Tokyo spoiled me).  However, this place is a great mixture of quality, value, and unique rolls, and I enjoyed it thoroughly.. . Yama is primarily fusion -- lots of americanized rolls, many including tempura or other cooked items, but plenty with fresh fish as well.  The rolls were great, but the sushi-style pieces were quite nice as well.  I sampled Saba (mackerel), eel, white tuna, albacore, and hamachi, and all were very fresh and excellent cuts.  My wife and I also sampled many rolls, and all were fantastic.  The "palm job" ended up being my favorite "fusion-style" roll (hand-roll of soft-shell crab with eel sauce and a few other goodies wrapped in soy paper).. . To be clear, you're not going to come here looking for mind-blowing omakase, or purist single-piece japanese-style sushi like Echigo or Sasabune in West L.A.  That's not what this place is trying to accomplish, and you hopefully already know you're not going to find that style of sushi at AYCE.  However, Yama isn't what I would consider "AYCE quality" sushi -- it is much better.. . Last year we ate at a table, and service was decent (very friendly, but they're very busy so the waitresses got to you as quickly as they could, but sometimes it took a little while).  This time we sat at the sushi bar, and had a fantastic time.  Sushi chef Pauw (I'm pretty sure that was the spelling) was lightening fast, whipped up fantastic cuts of fish and beautifully presented rolls, and had a great "attitude" at his game -- a mixture of seriousness, pseudo-impatience, and "so what'll you have next?" pressure.  But a few funny remarks back and forth, and he would crack an ear-to-ear grin.  Every few minutes he would raise his hands like an orchestral conductor, beckoning the diners to call our their orders.  I'll absolutely try and get seated at his portion of the bar on my next trip!  . . Five stars comes from freshness, flavor, excellent value, and speed of service at the sushi bar.  Even if you're a self-described sushi-snob like me, give it a try.  It has an off-strip "neighborhood" atmosphere, and it just may surprise you.
Best Sushi in town!!!!
For the first time in the history of my eating career, my appetite literally hit a wall and was in the state of FOOD COMA.  my limbs and mind became numb.  *_*. . AYCE sushi can both be your best friend and worst enemy.  wowza! If I slipped one more sushi in me, they would have to carry me out on a stretcher.. . The selection and quality here is just superb.  I'm not going to hit every single thing we got, but some things that made this place worth your time and money were how efficient the ordering was and freshness of the food.  My recommendation is to pace yourself and not over indulge.  . . Get the spicy seafood mix! outstanding! its got a nice balance of flavors and various raw fish! you will get your bang for the buck right hurrrr! . . Probably expect a wait during dinner time, service was excellent, the space was somewhat compact but manageable.  I would most definitely come back for Round 2 and get my vengeance! . . Sushi - 1, Man - 0
This place deserves more than 5 stars. The best AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas. The fish is consistently fresh and they have good cooked food too. Sushi names are very funny...one minute man, sun of the beach, strip tease, happy ending, etc. Good rice-to-fish ratio.. . This place is always busy nomatter what time you come here. I'm partially to blame because whenever I have people from out-of-town come to Vegas, I always take them/ tell them about this place. Some servers do seem to get impatient with noobs so know what you want and pick 2 rolls to start of with.
2 words: Sea Urchin. It tasted so GOOOOOOD!. . I've been to other AYCE sushi places, and this is probably the best I've had so far. The texture of the Uni is soft and creamy and the portion of the sea urchin is much larger than those in other restaurants.. . The specialty rolls had hilarious names such as "Happy Ending" and "Man Whore," and they all tasted good. Depending on your preferences in rolls, there will always be something in the menu that will suit your palate.. . Another highlight of this place is the dessert. Come on now, who doesn't NOT like mochi ice cream? . . For those of you who are acting adventurous, I HIGHLY recommend the plum ice cream. Although the ice cream comes in different flavors such as green tea...nothing beats plum ice cream. It may seem different at first, but once you try it -- you are going to want another serving. It's sweet and leaves a better aftertaste in your mouth that far surpasses that of green tea ice cream, imo. :). . The next time I go to Vegas, I am definitely coming here again.
It was late morning on a Wednesday and the girlfriend and I were hungry for some sushi for lunch.  Consulting our ever-helpful Yelp app, Yama Sushi and its AYCE sushi popped up as an option relatively near our hotel, the Hard Rock.  We walked to the restaurant arriving a little after 11:30.  We apparently beat the lunchtime rush since most of the tables were unoccupied and the sushi bar was completely open.  We asked to be seated at the sushi bar and bellied up to the relatively small bar where we had a good view of the raw seafood and sushi making in progress. . . Yama Sushi's menu is comprehensive with some nigiri and other items you may not find at some of your higher end sushi joints, let alone at any other AYCE sushi restaurant.  All of the fish and seafood looked and smelled fresh as it was bright, colorful, and appropriately odorless.  As noted by others, even though Yama Sushi offers AYCE sushi, some premium items (i.e. uni and hamachi kama) are limited to a single order per person.  The uni was very fresh as evidenced by its vibrant color, texture, and lack of fishy odor.  The hamachi kama was broiled to perfection and heavenly.  In truth, there was too much goodness available for my belly to sample in one sitting.       . . I'm not equating Yama Sushi to a Nobu or Masa in terms of quality and freshness of its seafood, the overall execution of the food, or level of service.  That said, Yama Sushi may have provided me the best bang for my buck that I've ever received in Vegas. The fish was exceedingly fresh and flavorful.  The sushi was well made with precision and care.  Service was friendly and sufficiently attentive.  The quality, quantity, and variety of the sushi received was an incredible value and at a fraction of the price compared to the aforementioned Nobu and Masa.  Your mileage may certainly vary based on the day of the week and time of day that you go, but on this particular day and time, it was a 5-star experience.
I wish this was by my house. I love the rolls here and their garlic sauce. I had the Hawaii roll, the Harry Potter roll, and the Halibut. all were great love that they put a little bit of the garlic sauce on the halibut ( i could eat the halibut everyday). I would get all three again and again. I agree with Misti Y. do not sit in little side room to left of entrance. air was full tilt in there and felt like we were eating in the walk in cooler.
A "must eat" staple when I go to Vegas.  Never disappoints.  I've had: Sesame Chicken, Green Mussels, Soft Shell Crab, Philadelphia Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, Salmon Roll, Red Clam roll (so pretty), Giant Clam Roll, Yellowtail Roll, & Seawood Salad from what I can remember.  I know there's more, but I'll have to update when I remember.  When I went this visit, sounded like "No Name" was a popular roll, but I was too full to order anything else.  I have yet to find anything that I don't like.... . My only gripe is that its a little squishy... small place.  I've never had to wait more than 5 mins, but it is really popular, so Im positive there is a wait during busy times.
I can't say enough about how much I love this place!  I am now spoiled and will not eat anywhere else but here.  The only problem is that it's 4.5 hours from my house!  . . The drive is totally worth it! Where can you get such delicious, unique sushi rolls at only $24ish, all you can eat??  The sashimi salad is how you start and it's YUMMY!!  I save the sauce, juice, whatever it is for dipping my rolls later rather than soy sauce.  I would drink it if I could!. . Great service, and friendly people too.  My mouth is watering thinking about our next trip!
The best sushi AYCE I had so far in Vegas.  Service is quick, the sushi boss is not so friendly but very efficient.  You'll have to get used to his gruff voice and bluntness.  Advise that you go sit at the bar, you'll get to see the sushi chefs in action.. . For the sushi, the salmon, ahi, giant clam, salmon roe, and flying fish eggs are all good.  The spicy seafood salad was not bad either.  I could never get used to the way spicy tuna is made in Vegas compared to how it's done in Hawaii.. . Must visit here again on my next trip to Vegas!  Highly recommended.
Yummmmmm Love their sushi. I have gone here a few times its always good food.  The place is close to the Vegas strip so it is always busy.  It also is close to UNLV. The place is in a small shopping plaza atmosphere it is ok casual at best. The staff is always friendly. Took a large group of friends once had a great time. Their signature roll is the best on the menu.
One of the best AYCE Sushi places I've ever been to!  The restaurant is small, but you know it's good because people will wait up to an hour to eat some sushi! . . The AYCE menu is big and it includes dessert as well!  You have to try the seafood salad, get spicy!  The flavor is amazing and it has a fresh taste that leaves you completely satisfied.  . . As far as rolls go I would recommend the Man Whore (this one has cooked salmon),  . . Whenever I leave Yama I literally feel like I gained 10 pounds from eating so much delicious sushi.  The fish is very fresh and the rolls come out very quickly! . . Whether you're a Vegas local or a tourist, this place is a must!
As a former Seattle native, I actually mourned the loss of excellent sushi when I moved to the desert. (Don't get me wrong, I love everything else about my new home.)  Consider my experience here a full recovery! Highly recommend the "No Name" roll and the "Sun of the Beach". Also loved the double salmon. . . We got to sit right at the bar and watch the chefs/magicians/artists do what they do. We got front-line attention and our orders were filled promptly. The waitstaff swooped in behind us to pick up plates and whatnot - all very efficient, given that the place was PACKED.. . We'll be back to try everything else on the menu, and we'll bring our visiting friends - even from Seattle.
This is by far the best sushi in Vegas. Their salmon and Tuna is super fresh, You can't go wrong with superman or wet dream. All you can eat is also available, If you wantto save a few bucks go before 3pm
Best all you can eat
I have been to quite a few AYCE sushi places in Vegas and Yama is hands down my favorite. They have a large menu and everything I tried was AMAZING. It can feel a little cramped and loud, and if you come at peak time expect to wait a while, but the food is worth it!
The best sushi in vegas hands down my girlfriend and i love this place
This place is a "well worth it" 25 minute drive from our house...every single roll is yummy & that makes it fun to try new things. We have taken many people here and we are never disappointed! Enjoy!  :)
I *hated* Sushi until one fateful night I was dragged to Yama Sushi.. . I hadth seafood salad and I thought it was yummy. My friend informed me that it had raw fish in it, and encouraged me to try the Yama Crunch roll.. Since then, I have been hooked on sushi in general. What keeps me coming back to Yama Sushi is how GOOD the rolls are! Almost every roll is like YUM OMG. The service is really good too.  I also like all the appetizers and the gyoza. Overall best Sushi place for me!
This is my all-time FAVORITE AYCE Sushi joint in Las Vegas.. . Wet Dream and Sun of a Beach will change your life and the seafood salad  will rock your socks off. . . I recommend coming on weekdays as weekends will have you waiting about an hours for their seafood delight.. . Everything on their menu is available for AYCE. You can also order half rolls (which I recommend) so you can see how truly delicious and fresh everything is.. . I don't recommend groups or bringing a small child. It is a small, tight place.. . Yama is super yummy. :)
Wow, this place is so worth cab fare!  The rolls are so well put together and delicious!   Not your 'traditional' sushi place but man do they deliver on quality.  Located in a 'reasonably sketch' part of town.. (definition of reasonably sketch; "well i don't fear for my life but that hobo screaming obscenities toward the sky is certainly looking at me funny, better mind my wallet) If you can appreciate quality sushi rolls this place is a must visit!
My "go to" place in Las Vegas for sushi.  AYCE for $20 is pretty hard to beat since this is excellent sushi!  Lots of house rolls and the old standards.  I love the plum ice cream for desert.
BEST ayce sushi in las Vegas
At first I dont know whats the fuss is all about. One evening after work just before my nba fantasy draft, my fiancee has a sudden craving for a nice sushi dinner. So I decided to follow my fellow yelpers and drive my honda to the supposedly best AYCE sushi in the valley. . . I must say that the hype is actually meet my standard. We got in without really having to wait. The place is packed and its a really small restaurant. They have lots of server for a small restaurant and the best thing is. Everything is fast. They want you to eat full, fast and go. So they can turn and burn. Service are exceptional cos its a small place. Ur water gone, refill, your tea is lowering down, refill. Your sushis is gone, refill. . . Very efficient, nice sushi, fast service, reasonable price and an absolute must try.
I don't always eat sushi but when I do it needs to be fresh. Yama Sushi provides great sushi at a great price in Vegas. Save yourself some $$$ and go to Yama 5 minutes east of the strip. You will be happy you did.
We were visiting Las Vegas and I came across this place on Yelp. We had a party of 10 for lunch on a Saturday and this AYCE place did not disappoint us!  There was a small room on the side that fit our group perfectly. The quality of the fish was very good. Maybe not as good as a top tier sushi bar but far better than anything at a buffet or most other AYCE places that we've tried in Southern California. The seafood salad was especially good and reminded us of a good "poke bowl".  We tried the Salmon, Tuna, Albacore, Snapper and Yellowtail sushi in addition to just about every roll on the menu. All of the sushi and most of the rolls were very good.  The No Name roll was probably our favorite roll.  The mussel appetizer and mochi desert were a very nice touch and helped round out the meal.  Most of our group like spicy food and many of the rolls were unexpectedly spicy but I can see where that might turn off some people. $20.95 may be expensive for a typical lunch, but considering the appetite of our group and how much sushi we finished off I would consider this a pretty good deal. As mentioned by many others, the service was very good and fast with the waitress giving us a couple of nice recommendations.  The only drawback is that I can't come back for lunch until the next time I'm in town!  I can't wait to hit this place again on my next sojourn to Sin City!
I know I'm writing this review kind of late. But every time  we come to Vegas we make it a priority to stop at this place. The first time we came to this restaurant was summer 2010, on a fluke as of there was a bank and a grocery store right by there. So as we ran into the bank and the store real quick we decided to grab a bite to eat , the all you can eat sushi sign attracted us so all of us ordered it. I wasn't really expecting much from an "all you can eat sushi" spot but let me tell you that place is the s*it!! The rolls are sooo delicious, my fav ones are the wet dream and the man whore rolls! and the seafood salad was the bizness (super good lol), one of the best salads I've ever had, I literally wanted to drink the dressing. Now you dont have to get the all you can eat special, you can always order seperate dishes as well, but youll be missing out.. The second time we came to Vegas summer 2011 we had came to this restaurant on 2 separate days. We couldn't get enough of this place. We were celebrating my 24th bday that weekend  and some of the girls I was with had mentioned it to the waitress. I really didn't think they were going to do anything special for me but soon after they had told her they brought out a mochi cake with candles and the whole waitressing staff sung happy bday to me. They made me feel so special and loved. Soon after that the owner came out and chatted with us a bit, in my eyes this restaurant can do no wrong! Excellent food, great service.. Overall very good experience , jus wished they had one in San Diego!
Yummy as usual.  We have no problem making the trek from NLV in order to get the best sushi in LV.  We always start with the seafood salad and son of a beach then make our way from there.  If you find a better place than Yama, let me know so I can give it a shot.
Referred here by a local examiner- Awesome service - great food and fresh sushi!   Could tell it was a hit when we walked up to a strip mall next to an Albertson's and there was a line out the door - 30-40 min wait!      A true diamond in the rough!    Perfectly cut sushi - super fresh and a great atmosphere!    A+ in my book!
I recently went to Las Vegas to celebrate Thanksgiving for a change of pace. My sister lives just outside of the strip, and as we joked about how to properly expand our stomachs for Thursday's impending feast, she raved about Yama Sushi. . . I've never been to an all you can eat Sushi place with such high quality rolls. The food was great, brought out to the table as it was made. The service was wonderful, and again, the food was great. I think I took care of 35 pieces before I called uncle. Uncle was impressed. Somehow I saved room for dessert, and the interesting ice cream flavors were a nice contrast to the pounds of raw fish and rice I had eaten. . . I vow to return each time I'm in Sin City to indulge in the sin of gluttony. Sweet, delicious, gluttony.
My favorite!!!! Have yet to be disappointed. And everyone is so nice!
Great service, they're pretty fast! It's by far the best ayce sushi place I've been to. Presentation is amazing. 2 words SEAFOOD SALAD!!
5 words ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI. No name sushi is a must try! AYCE is not limited to the sushi you can have just about anything from that menu. The food is delicious a must eat in Vegas come hungry and you will leave happy.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Sushi Yama!!. . Every time I am in Vegas, I make sure that I get my sushi fix at this hot spot. There was even a point in time where I was too cheap to take the taxi from the strip and took the bus to this place instead which I do not recommend over the summer when it was scalding hot. Around NYE, I brought my brother and cousins here and we all enjoyed our food. Everyone was specially raving about their seafood salad! Yummy!!  The complaint my company had is that the sushi comes one by one and not all at once which is also a good thing because it ensures that the sushi is fresh and so we don't get full too fast. We were nearing our 2-hour limit so we had to stuff our faces on the last 20 minutes. . . FYI: their AYCE includes EVERYTHING on the menu unlike other AYCE places where you are limited to just their sushi. . . I will come back again Sushi Yama! Until then!
Love their spicy seafood salad! its always fresh and is the best! best AYCE sushi joint ive been to! Its where we go every time we are in Vegas and thats quite often!
I absolutely LOVE this place. I have been going here for years. My sister & brother in law introduced me to Yama Sushi and I just don't think any other place out here in Las Vegas compares. The food is heavenly. The service is great. I always leave a very happy & super filled customer. . . I recommend the WET DREAM ( my favorite roll), No Name, Snow in Vegas and you HAVE TO HAVE the seafood salad.. . Yama's is hands down THE BEST AYCE sushi spot in Vegas!
Great food never had a problem here. All you can eat is an amazing price too only $24.00, you can't beat it! Highly recommend this sushi restaurant.
This was my first time eating at this restaurant. I absolutely loved it! We came here when it first opened for lunch. We instantly knew this place was popular because it became packed very quickly. I loved the all you can eat menu. I pretty much ate until I was about to explode. I ordered mostly raw stuff and must say it was really good. My favs were the handrolls. Our orders came out pretty fast and the waitress was very attentive. This place will be a routine pit-stop the next time I'm in town.
WE CRAVE YAMA!!! I am actually so hung up on Yama that I am tempted to drive from California to Vegas just to get my fix. I can't find anywhere else like it since moving back from Japan almost two years ago. We visit my in-laws in Vegas and every time we do, we have to have sushi from Yama. . . Where do I start, the food is fresh, the staff is prompt and the menu is exciting and hilariously perverted!! It can get a little crowded, but a crowd won't hold me back from getting my Yama grub on!!! . . . Me love Yama long time!
Everytime we're in Vegas we make a special trip to Yama for their awesome all you can eat sushi..  Best deal in town!!
Yama has always been a favorite of mine.  The staff there although busy tries their hardest to keep you content and happy.  I always get the dancing in the sheet and the sun of the beach rolls.  Also never pass up the small dishes.  LOAD UP ON TEMPURA because it is oh so good. . . Their Seafood salad is off the chart as well, only catch is one order per person.  For an AYCE place I most def recommend it.
So good. So damn good. This is where I go if I want some good ass sushi. I was here on Saturday night, I was wearing brown pants and a flannel. I ate a superman roll and a wet dream.
4 of us went there after reading the Yelp reviews.  We went on Saturday night and waited about 1 hr and got seated at 8pm. totally worth the wait.   We ordered about 10 of the specialty rolls but the best dish was the seafood salad - so much fresh fish - we ordered two of them. We even topped it off with red bean ice cream and mochi.  Totally worth the $23.95!! I'm definitely coming back here again when I am back in Vegas!
Always amazing!! What sets Yama Sushi apart from other sushi restaurants,  is the rice, its always so light and fluffy, its cooked so perfectly it highlights the fish. The fish is so fresh and they always have new fun specials. . . Go for the all you can eat, its worth it. Usually a15-20 minute wait, but again, worth it.
This is the best AYCE joint I've eaten at.  Fish quality may not be up to par with the best sushi places in town, but as far as AYCE goes, this place can't be beat.  . . Nigiri is delicious.  Good quality fish, nice cuts, and perfect rice.. . Also, love their rolls: Harry Potter, No Name, most everything on the menu for that matter!. . Only downside to this spot is that they do not accept reservations.  I've waited as long as an hour at peak times to get seated, which would be ridiculous if this weren't so good.
We decided to try a sushi bar away from the strip and were not diasppointed.  The fish was great, and so were the rolls we ordered.  Seafood salad was delicious.. . Since it was our first time, we tried different rolls than the normal ones we get at our local sushi bar in Los Angeles.. . Price is reasonable and comparable to what we pay at our local bar.. . Will definitely be going back.
Brief: Great fresh sushi, usually a wait, No Name roll!. . One of my favorite sushi places in Vegas. YUM! There's such a variety and for those who don't like the extra sauces and papers there are more plain rolls that are just as tasty and fresh. If there's anything worth mentioning is about Yama is that the fish is always fresh!
As soon as I'm told a sushi place is "all you can eat," I don't know whether I should be scared or excited. This place, however, is great! I recommend getting half rolls and trying a wider variety. The "One Minute Man" is delicious. This place is always busy, so be prepared to wait.
Best AYCE SUSHI I've ever been to for such an amazing price!. . Get the No Name roll & most of their yam rolls are pretty great!. . Downside is their service is alittle subpar cuz they rushed us when we were there but its still totally worth the money for such awesome sushi!. . Totally recommend it!
Yama.. you never disappoint and tonight was no exception! The best customer service, friendliest waitresses and awesome sushi chefs! I'm thankful for the AYCE menu because I'm able to try something new every time but my favorite is always the Yama Crunch roll.
Sure the wait sucks, and there is almost always a wait.  But what might that tell you?  Service once you get in the door is AMAZING, and the food is never a disappointment.  Best kept secret off the strip
If you dont mind your personal bubble being invaded in this tight hole in the wall but looking for awesome sushi, look no further!! . . Yama sushi is VERY compact and I'd imagine it would be similar to living in Japan but they sure do deliver.. . Service is very important to me and they are friendly upon seating and promptly asked for our drinks ( 3 servers asked us for drinks lol). Once we ordered, our first roll came within minutes. They checked on us regularly unlike other sushi places who neglect to see if you'd like anything else to order when eating AYCE.
I've been here twice. Both times it was a great experience. The food was delicious and the service was quick and efficient considering how busy it was. Be prepared to wait at least 30 mins during dinner time. Forthe people who left a negative review, I dont think you should be complaining when you're paying $25 for ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi. C'mon seriously, if you want top notch quality sushi, go somewhere else and pay the price for it. It just doesn't make sense. If anything I thought the quality was awesome for the price I paid.
Good place to have sushi in LV
A good portion of my student loans went to paying for sushi at Yama when I was in law school. This place was where I developed my love for sushi, so it has a special place in my heart. Notwithstanding my emotional attachment to Yama, I still feel that this is the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas.. . The restaurant is very cozy, as they have a small space to work with. It can get very busy, deservedly so because the sushi is amazing. If I had to recommend something to order, it would definitely be the seafood salad. You can only order one per sitting because it's one of the "special" items on the menu. Understandably so. If I had the ability to, I'd order only seafood salads and put Yama out of business. Also, if you get the seafood salad, order it spicy.
This is five stars for the AYCE, not for a la carte. $20.95 lunch . . Came here for AYCE and it was delicious! Some AYCE joints don't offer appetizers and desserts on the menu, but Yama does. Sat at the counter with a party of four, and unless you're looking for more privacy, I'd recommend the counter. You can order rolls straight from the chef rather than through the server. . . The seafood salad is pretty much a typical sashimi salad without the abundance of greens. Rather, it sat on a bed of radish strings. Would recommend. Nigiri is also on the menu and for AYCE, the hamachi was pretty good. A few items have a limit of one per customer such as the uni, amaebi, and seafood salad...understandable. . . Some of my favorite rolls were the Mad Dragon (although super eel sauced) and No Name. Note that you can order HALF rolls for some of them...and if you sit at the counter you can actually talk to the sushi chef if he talks to you first =] calls for fun and giggles. Pauw made our rolls and he was pro awesomeness. They have a lot of rolls with mayo or cream cheese which isn't my preference, but if you like that this is def the place for you. It's good in moderation, but definitely not for AYCE. Of course it isn't ALL mayo or cream cheese, just saying it's more than what I am used to seeing on a menu. . . Finish off with cucumber salad, refreshing...then some ice cream (which was average) or mochi ice cream!
Love this place - awesome deal on delicious sushi
I was in Vegas last week with my favorite sushi buddy, so I turned to my handy-dandy Yelp App to find the best sushi in town. That's how I came across Yama Sushi which has made to order AYCE sushi!!.... . . So we hop in a cab and head over. It is off the strip, but I think that's what made it so great. Yama Sushi is an obvious favorite of the locals and was very reasonably priced. For $23 each, we both got two rolls each, three different appetizers, sashimi,  and ice cream. We were definitely stuffed. . . Next time I need a sushi fix in Vegas, I will definitely return to Yama Sushi!! You can't find anything like this on the strip....
Expect a wait but great food!!!
This is the only Sushi joint that is able to give my mouth multiple orgasm explosions! LOL. . Waiting time could be up to 45 minutes long but they are totally worth it, I always choose to get the AYCE and go with the half plates so that I am able to sample multiple sushi rolls at a time. But my all time favorite has to be the man whore.. . Their hot Sake goes great with the meal along with some hot green tea. Every time I leave they keep me wanting more! I've never had a problem with any of the staff members, they're always very friendly and joke around with you. Service and food here never disappoint me.
Every trip to vegas now must include this in the experience. Spicy seafood salad hits the spot all day every day!
Love their Seafood Salad!
Tonight Clayton and I went out for some AYCE (All You Can Eat) Sushi with big appetites so that we could try as many items as possible. We do Sushi like this pretty frequently and find that having a big appetite increases the value of a dinner that generally runs upwards of $50 dollars for two. Yama Sushi's prices for AYCE are within the average that you would find in most Las Vegas sushi restaurants, but we think the quality of the food and experience are above average, so you feel as though you are getting a deal.. . Dinner hours can be very busy. The restaurant itself would probably be considered small (between 50-75 seats). Getting there early or planning on a later dinner will ensure that you are seated right away. We arrived at 8:15pm on a wednesday night and waited about 15 minutes for a table. We noticed that at about 9pm it appeared that there would be no wait.. . Service has always been polite and very attentive. If you sit at the bar there are plenty of chefs to take your order and chat with as you dine. Also the restaurant is a little cramped for space so we always sit at the bar. less noticeable.  The chefs are quick as well. The atmosphere behind the bar is light, accentuated by the chefs colorful uniforms and the floral art that adorns the walls. It leaves the customer feeling relaxed and ready to enjoy a great meal.. . Our drink orders were taken quickly after being seated , and we chose a few appetizers to get the ball rolling on our evening. . . Here's a breakdown of some of the items we selected this time around, for those of you that have never gone to a sushi bar, or who are perhaps curious about some items they've never tried. . . Gyoza- We always start with a Gyoza  (fried dumpling) appetizer. It was a delicious way to begin. Crispy and savory. . . Salmon Kama- This item took a long time to come out of the kitchen, but was very tasty. It was a fairly large portion of salmon that had appeared to be baked. Less of a traditional sushi item, but that is part of what is great about AYCE. Nearly every item on the menu is available for you to try, and the GF and I make a point of trying a few new items each time. For a cooked salmon dish it was excellent. cooked well. Good flavor. Accompanied by a sweet brown teriyaki style sauce for dipping the flaky pieces of fish.. . Sushi Salad (Ordered Creamy)- Great light appetizer. Fresh tuna and salmon atop cucumber slices and what I believe is a mild radish that has been turned into a fine sort of angel hair. I should be more certain about this, but some dishes I don't question I just stick them in my face knowing it is going to awesome again.. . Yakitori- Essentially an asian style chicken Kebab. Very tasty, and a good item for those that tag along hoping to avoid the sushi. Chicken is very tender and seasoned well.. . BBQ Ribs- Another appetizer. Apparently we were in the mood for them. This would be another great choice for a non sushi eater. A small portion, but seasoned well. Both sweet and savory. The meat is tender but fatty. A great little appetizer.. . Snow In Vegas-This is a great roll for those that enjoy something relatively light with a spicy kick but also a sweet side. Use of different sauces makes these characteristics come through. Was my favorite of the night.. . Yama Crunch- Shrimp tempura, of which there are many options at Yama Sushi. Good flavor and texture. The crunch is sweet and mixes well with the more savory tempura inside.. . Ellen Roll- Big bites. Lots of different elements going on on this one. Made with soy paper which adds a unique flavor. Spicy sauce on top is great.. . Smoked Salmon and Salmon Sashimi always comes out super quick and fresh. Great color and texture.. . Overall: Always happy with flavor of special rolls. Appetizers come out hot. Staff is attentive and polite. Atmosphere is relaxed. Price is fair for quality. Always a great experience, if you love sushi, you have to try this spot.
OH MY GOD sushi. This is the place that converted me from never wanting to try sushi to having an addiction. The AYCE is awesome b/c it includes everything on the menu. A bit cramped so I'd say go earlier rather than later in the evening but I can't say enough about the sushi. The "no name" roll....gotta try it. Not far from the strip so if you're in town visiting the strip, this is the place to hit up. Kids AYCE is half price of the adults'. Many options to choose from. a bit pricey but so worth it. (myself, wife and 1 child pay $70-$80 including non alcoholic beverages, AYCE and tip) oh and did i mention the sushi? amazing!
I'm definitely going to be back the next time I'm in Vegas!  The AYCE (All You Can Eat) buffet was an amazing deal and they don't limit your selection to the basic rolls, like other AYCE sushi places I've been.  It wasn't the best sushi I've ever had, but it was by far the best value.  Only wish I'd saved room for some desert.  Also the place was really really crowded and we had a 20 min wait but it was worth it.
I have been going here for YEARS now and not once has it EVER disappointed me! I always get ALL YOU CAN EAT because not only is it fairly priced but you can do 1/2 rolls as well. I haven't had a bad thing on their menu. I highly recommend Yama and I also recommend the "Happy Ending" roll. You can thank me later...  I hope they will eventually make their spot bigger!
God this place is amazing! I came here with a few of my friends and we all agreed that Yama Sushi is absolutely tasty. As soon as the plates hit the table, it goes back up to the server cus we just kill the dishes so fast. I can order anything on the menu and feel pretty damn satisfied. I like how their menu has a sense of humor too :D Amazingly fast service+Kickass food=5star in my book.
I absolutely love this place and make sure to stop every time I get to Vegas. My only complaint would be that it is always busy lol! Great place and worth any wait there may be!
Holy crap was this place good and the price?  Even better!. . After looking through Yelp and trying to pick between the multiple AYCE sushi places in Vegas we finally settled on Yama.  Boy were we happy we did!. . There were soooo many people, yet they seated us within 10 minutes at the bar.  Their sushi chefs work SO fast, and each roll or piece of sushi came out looking so expertly made!  We were paying AYCE prices for the quality and chefs of a pay per sushi type place! . . They also have everything you could possibly want from a sushi joint.  Miso Soup, Seaweed salad, Sashimi salad, Ono (white tuna), hamachi, tempura, all the standard rolls, and even a massive menu of their self designed rolls.. . God it was all so delicious!  They don't do the standard practice of using a ton of rice, only a little bit of rice (which is also sticky and deliciously flavoured) on their rolls and sushi.  Each roll or sushi we got was better than the next.  This restaurant by itself seriously makes me want to move to Vegas.  . . Then the bill comes  20.99 a person!  WHAT??!?  We added up our total if we were to order it all normally.  The girlfriend and I would have ate $150 worth of sushi/rolls.  It was hands down the best sushi restaurant we've been to, bar none (including non-AYCE).. . Price:  5 stars. Food:  5 stars. Service:  5 stars. . PERFECT SCORE!!!!. . BONUS:  They offer Mochi Ice Cream as desert!  +1!. . Side story:  When we were half way into our meal, a wedding party came in!  Like 20+ people and the wait staff scrambled to seat them all.  They ended up sitting at 4-5 different tables scattered throughout the restaurant and many sat at the bar.  It's that damn good people!
Crazy good service! Above and beyond. Great food! Go try it.
This place is really cheap and really good! They even expanded and changed the seating arrangement to make their customers more comfortable! The waitresses are also super responsive! . . It's located near UNLV, which means...tons of people! But it's worth it!!! It's not worth it if you're bringing super large groups though! You'd better make a reservation or be there when they open :P . . There were some rolls that were iffy, but others knocked those out of the park so bad that I forgot about the iffy ones!
Good and cheap eats...my go to place for AYCE Sushi when I am in Sin City.. . Food: 5/5. Been here a couple of times, and their food quality is pretty consistent.  Interesting names for their sushi items (censorship needed for those not-of-age, yet), with a generous selection of rolls, sashimi, and non-fish dishes.  Really love their sweet shrimp (never comes out fishy smelling), salmon nigiri, uni nigiri, soft shell crab roll...the list can go on. I think I am going through withdrawal now that I am thinking about their food.  You also get complimentary mochi ice cream , and that could be a challenge, because you'd probably be in sushi coma/heaven by that time.  But who can resist mochi ice cream ?. . Service: 4/5. Friendly and efficient.  Plates get cleared when they are empty, and the next round of dishes come out within minutes of placing your order.  It can get busy, so the service might be slow, but once you get the server's attention, things get done or filled quickly.. . Ambiance: 3/5. A bit outdated, but who cares, as long as the food and service are both top notch.  A bit small for the type a crowd that they can generate during busy hours. The seats are a bit uncomfortable, perhaps not enough cushion for my tushy? The floors are sticky, but the restrooms are clean.. . They have a sushi bar manned with 3-4 sushi chefs at a time. Behind the sushi bar, there's this panel of mosaic photos that appear to be of an island backdrop?  This is located in a strip mall, and you can easily pass by it if you don't pay attention to their sign.  It is truly a hidden gem.. . Final Verdict:. Yes, a frequent visitor when I am in town!
Boy, oh boy. Newly renovated, same service, same menu, and still delish.. . Decided to hit up Yama Sushi with my co-workers cause we found out that they've renovated it. . . Post renovation:. - there's an actual waiting area. - decor flows well throughout the restaurant. - new menu design. - more elbow room. . I never order rolls. I usually eat off other people's rolls. I'm all for appetizers and nigiris. There is one dish that you must have when you're at Yama. Seafood Salad either mild or spicy. It used to come as a bigger portion but it has gotten smaller. Probably because it's part of AYCE?. . Just like my previous review, they don't take reservations. But when I got there, there was no wait. This was a Saturday afternoon at 2 p.m.. . Yama never disappoints me.
Yama has grown to be my one and only choice for the best AYCE sushi in Vegas.. . 1. The SEAFOOD SALAD is a wonderful mix of sashimi and crunchy veggies in a thin spicy sauce ... but the sauce is so good, I literally pour it into my soy dish and dip everything else I eat in it.  Some places have a creamy version of this, but Yama's is very crisp and awesome.. . 2. SESAME CHICKEN is a hundred timesbetter than Teriyaki Chicken.  I always assumed they're both boring kitchen items, but a friend turned me on to these little chicken bites coated in crispy, savory batter.  They should be called AMAZEBALLS, because I order like four rounds for myself alone.  (See also: Seafood Salad Leftover Dipping Sauce). . 3. You know a place is awesome when there's always a long wait to get in.  We try to go right when they open to avoid the 30-60 minute wait during rush hours.  We've also tried going just before closing, and while we were able to get our order in before last call, they start cleaning the floors to imply it's time y'all mosey along.  ^__^. . Every tourist friend I've brought here has raved that it's the best sushi they've ever had.  I feel like a rock star knowing "the place" to go!
Yama was the first AYCE sushi place i've been to and wow ive been missing out all this time on something so tasty and delicious.. . I heard about Yama from a friend and that i should go here so i did.  Me and my mother went here for lunch, we expected as much, it was kind of busy aha. we ordered miso soup and just chose whatever looked good to us. I only remember Wet dream as the taste stood out and still does. I will definitely be going back as my new love for sushi will make me!
Love this place, they miss me. ..
Holy sushi, Batman!!!   This place was awesome!!
We frequent all the time ! They actually just expanded the store front so the wait isn't as long anymore. One of the better AYCE in town. It's a must. A good spend for your dough.
Delicious, cheap, and generous portions! I used to go to a different sushi restaurant for all you can eat sushi but my boyfriend heard about this place from a friend so we decided to try it out. I'm so happy we did! It gets really busy but it's totally worth the wait and crowded atmosphere. They put a lot of fish in the sushi and the portion sizes are awesome! Their presentation of the food looks just as delicious as the taste! Overall, my new favorite sushi restaurant!!
Delicious and fresh.  Very tasty with many different variety if sushi and the sashimi salad is just awesome!
I moved to Vegas about a year ago and I have yet to eat at another sushi restaurant because Yama is so good.. . I'm sure there's some really good places out there that I could get better sushi at, but I used to spend $100 on sushi just for myself.  Now I can eat all the sushi I want for $25 and be content.  . . I do miss certain items, as they only have the standards.  But they do have sweet shrimp and hamachi kama, so what can I do?!  (Answer:  Go back to Yama over and over again)
I'm really glad they expanded this restaurant as they could use the extra tables.  This IMHO is the best AYCE joint in the valley due to food quality, service, and pricing.  Their fish is undoubtedly fresh and their nigiri are easily on my top 3 best tasting ayce nigiri (goyemon and rainbow sushi being the other two).  The rolls are pretty good and I like that you can order half rolls.  They have my all time favorite ayce sushi bar appetizer of all time - the seafood salad.  The service I get is always friendly and acceptably prompt even on often busy days, and I'm never made to feel a glutton despite ordering as such.  All of these you get for a price less than most other ayce joints in vegas.
This place is great. The AYCE sushi is very fresh and they do not put tons of rice with it, so you are not just filling up on rice.  They are also extremely attentive, always asking if you would like to order more. Some AYCE take their time to ask you for more orders so you can digest longer and get full without eating as much. Definitely will becoming back.
Luck would have it that this place is right behind the bank I go to after office meetings on Thursday nights. I never gave it a chance because looking at it from the bank all I saw was a big red sign that said SUSHI. That and it's location on the east side was a red flag to me. . . Finally, about a month ago I finished my meetings and I was so hungry I didn't care about previous red flags. When I got close enough I saw that this was THE Yama Sushi I've heard about from so many people. Definitely made me happier walking in to try it out. . . It was packed but I was solo so I didn't wait long for a seat at the bar. Compared to other AYCE spots I found the menu very intriguing from the start because of the sexually themed rolls. I base my review of AYCE sushi places based on the quality of the sushi since I don't get a lot of rolls. My favorite place (I won't name it) still has better quality sushi but the quality here is very good and the portions are massive! The sushi they laid across the rice was probably 3 times the size of my favorite place. To wrap up my night there I had to order the Manwhore roll. The presentation was amazing and the roll was great too! To top it off the service was great! Even though I was at the bar every single server asked me if I needed anything. Sometimes I can't even get a refill of water sitting at the bar at other places. . . Don't let the east side location deter you. Definitely check this place out if you haven't. I'll be working this place into my Thursday sushi rotation for sure!
So, so good.. A friend and I had heard good things and stopped by, and we are both sooo glad we did!  AYCE for like $25 fordinner, but it includes everything on the menu!! And they serve half-rolls!! And if you and the party with whom you are dining all order AYCE, you can share!!  I was in heaven.  My friend and I sampled basically everything and were not turned off by a single dish.  The mochi was a perfect ending, too, and several flavours including mango and strawberry.  I keep trying to find reasons to end up on this side of town during their hours!  The place is tucked away in a strip mall and just says SUSHI but don't let that trick you, go stuff yourself.
We love this place! Really friendly and fast service.  We had the all you can eat option and it was incredible! Great quality food! Thanks! We will be back again for sure. :)
Great sushi and sashimi. Good price. Perfect service. Not normally a sushi lover but when sushi is like this I could eat it 24/7.
This place was recommended by a friend from Florida who I happen to see at the MGM. The decor is simple, but the food is amazing. I went with the "All You Can Eat" and it was so worth it, since I normally run away from the concept. I can't remember what rolls I had but I started with the Seafood Salad which I'll recommend to anyone. It's spicy, tangy and yummy! The chefs really know how to blend flavors. Yama is about 15 minutes away from the strip but it's so worth the cab ride. I'd recommend this place to anyone heading to Vegas.
I love this place! Its funny to read a review of some people who complained that they have been charge because they left rice, its clearly said on menu that you pay for rice if you leave it. You have to eat it all. Come on price are good for the quality. Rolls apear within a minute after order!
BEST SUSHI IN TOWN. In love with their fire crackers . You definitely get your money's worth and AYCE is the cheapest I've found for this quality of food . Service is extremely quick for the amount of business they have . I have always had to wait for a table and I'm one of the most impatient people ever ... And when I say I don't mind waiting for this place it shows how good it is .. . They also just expanded and made their place larger so it has slimmed down the wait times a bit but I highly recommend their AYCE. . The only negative point I could give is that the seats are Packed so tightly together that it can be a little uncomfortable especially during their busiest hours on the weekends and most nights
LOVE this place! Our favorite place for AYCE sushi!! Sit at the bar if you can, shorter wait on your order. . . Super white fish n garlic tuna nigiri !. Harry Potter Roll!. Dynamite. Seafood salad. . Great service! Great food!
I have been going to this place for about 6 years and it has only gotten better. Been living in California the past 4 years and this was always my first visit when I came back. Now that I'm back for good, I get to go every week!. . The best bang for your buck AYCE sushi place in Vegas. Service is solid, the owners are even very nice. Not exactly the greatest location, but don't let that deter you. Here are a couple of suggested rolls that I love: Wet Dream Roll (lives up to its name) & the No Name Roll.
After hearing that there is no good sushi in Las Vegas due to a lack of ... Oceans ... I decided to venture out into the desert wilderness a 5 min drive down flamingo road from Caesers Palace to the restaurant.  The place was bustling with patrons, waiting in every available seat and standing inside and outside waiting for a table.  Obviously, this place was well known and popular.  A good sign indeed.. . I went inside and was miraculously seated at the bar without any wait (birthday luck I guess).  I embarked on the best all you can eat (ayce) sushi experience ever.  Fresh fish, balanced proportion of rice to fish (an ayce rarity) and the most expedient and friendly sushi chefs.  I tried the Yama roll and something with soy paper, soft shell crab, scallop and crunchies that melted in my mouth. Let's not forget the 4 orders of mouth wattering albacore, my two handrolls, and a reorder of the Yama roll as a handroll.  When it was all done I even got mochi ice cream and regular ice cream.  Ayce + dessert in the desert was a rare bonus.  For $23 bucks for dinner, I will be coming back here everytime I come to Vegas.. . The service staff were so unbelievably attentive and nice; going above and beyond.   This place deserves 6 stars.  I'm going to dream about these rolls now; don't go anywhere else, this is the real deal.  YamaZing!
In Las Vegas on Business and used Yelp to find this spot. Based on good reviews we decided to give it a try and are very happy we did. The hostess was very nice and sat us promptly. There are so many rolls to choose from I was having a hard time deciding on what to order. Our waitress explained that we could choose the all you can eat option and order halves of the rolls so that we could have a good variety. A lot of times people reference good food to simply quantity or size and I am always disappointed. That is simply not the case here...the sushi is fresh and the rolls are excellent. Our server Leslie was awesome...THE VALUE FAR EXCEEDS THE COST!!! I will definitely make sure to come back next time I am in Las Vegas!!!
Im up in Vegas jus for a few days for a birthday and I found this through yelp. I am definitely suprised at how good the quality was. I went for dinner ($23.99)  and they had a pretty good amount of choices. But I really liked how the rolls were not as big as regular rolls so I can try more rolls. The seafood salad is definitely a must try.
This all you can eat sushi buffet caught me of guard.  I came in with no expectations because my friends chose this place, and boy I left feeling full and satisfied.  I also left feeling angry because no such place exists in the Bay Area!. . All the specialty sushi are good and I think the next best thing for me is there service. I was expecting to get up and pick my sushi in a buffet line, but everything is made to order and brought to you!  I LOVE it!
If your looking for sushi that will not hurt your wallet, this is the spot.  For $20 AYCE sushi and the quality and freshness of the shrimp and fish selection, it is simply an awsome spot to try.  We came with a group of 13 and our server, Moo, was great!  Hot tea never got cold, food kept on coming, grandma was taken care of and kids was happy.  Location is a bit off the strip but it is worth the trip.
Great customer service, they were on it refilling my drinks and asking if I wanted to order anything. The food is delish. I love how u can order half rolls. Gotta get the seafood salad, soft shell crab and the fried mussels. The fish always taste great and fresh. Signature rolls are awesome. Order the sweet shrimp don't be afraid of the crispy shrimp head. Whenever I'm in town I always try to make it to this off the strip gem.
I lived in Vegas while I earned my master's degree, and Yama was the first stop after getting my teaching stipend for the month. This is hands down the best sushi in Vegas. There's a reason for all the people waiting! It's excellent sushi, all-you-can-eat for a great price. The only thing you can possibly be charged extra for is wasted sushi and drinks. The service is pretty quick considering how packed it usually is, and they opened up a new section recently so more people can enjoy all that Yama has to offer. I spent a year away in Europe and this was the first place I wanted to eat when I went back to Las Vegas. Don't waste your money on the Strip, Yama is a quick cab ride away and TOTALLY WORTH IT!
Went 3 times in a month.. The Service is very good and the food was so GOOD! Wet Dream & Ellen are my 2 favorite ones... . .  will come back foosho!!
This is our favorite sushi bar in Vegas.  If you can, hit it at lunch.  Cheaper AYCE and less crowded at that time.  Enjoy it and the fish much more than Blue Fin.
We went into this restaurant our first night in Las Vegas, after driving from Oceanside, CA, and checking into our hotel. I had done my research on the place before the Vegas trip with my wife and kid, and decided to give it a shot. We arrived there at around 6:30pm on a Sunday, and there was no wait for us to be seated- awesome! We got seated, and found out that since my kid is 2 years old, she gets to eat the all-you-can-eat for free! So, my wife and I both got AYCE, and ordered for the three of us. The sushi tasted fresh, and was brought out in a timely manner, which was surprising since the place was packed. There were some rolls that you can only have once, like the no-name roll, and the Ellen roll and, boy, were they good! We ended with some ice cream, and it was delicious as well. . A few things to note: . - Our bill came up to $60 after tax and tip for 2 people. Not bad for the quality of sushi that you got. . - You can order anything from the menu, and some things you can only order one per person (Ellen and no-name rolls). We could have gotten three each of those (since there were three of us), but decided not to. I'm not sure if the restaurant employees are strict on that policy, but we didn't try to test it. . - The restaurant has a no wasting rule. If you, for example, decide to eat the fish only in your sushi rolls, and don't want to eat the rice, then you get charged... Again, I'm not sure if the restaurant enforces this, but it's stated on the menu. . - We only got one menu for our table. It was kind of difficult for us to try to stare at one menu with our 2-year old being interested in using the menu as a toy as well. I guess it's the norm here, because all the other tables we looked at had one menu. . - They gave us our check before we were done eating. My wife wanted more ice cream, and we asked for it as we were handing over my credit card. Needless to say, it was a bad decision to pay and then ask for more food. We never got our ice cream, after waiting a while, writing in the tip and signing, and just deciding to leave. . This place still gets a 5-star review despite the shortcoming on the ice cream. Perhaps they were doing us a favor, because we left there stuffed! We'll probably be back the next time we visit Las Vegas. It was thoroughly enjoyable.
My wife and I love sushi and we have trouble affording it sometimes, but this place has by far the best value for sushi we've come across and the quality doesn't suffer one bit. We'd eat here every day if we could afford it. I haven't had anything on their menu I didn't like yet, and it's all very fresh. If you love Sushi and you live in the las vegas you have to try this!! I would recommend all you can eat sushi for $25
First, they told us the wait was going to be half an hour. It only took like 15 mins. They are fast!. . The staff is really friendly. The food came out super fast except for the chicken teriyaki. The rolls have kinky names ;) and they taste good too! I also got the seafood salad and that was BOMB.com. It had big chunks of salmon and tuna. . . It was perf that the wait time was shortened and the food came out fast because my girl and I still had to get ready to hit the club and we were going to be late! Like always.
You will love this place. Great food, great music, great service, great price. Great, great, and great all you can eat sushi this is the place! enjoy!
This location has expanded since last time we have been here, so the wait is much shorter. The sushi is still the best!! Try the seafood salad. It's a spicy sashimi salad. So YUM!!
The best sushi place in town by far. Big serving. Best sushi. Good servers. Try the Ellen roll with soy wrap..hmm. Thick and good roll.
Love LOVE LOVE. They recently expanded FINALLY! I've been waiting for this moment since I first started going there. The expansion is small but it fits another 12 or so tables plus another sushi bar! As always the rolls were on point the sushi was fresh and everything came out in a very timely fashion. No matter how many other places I have tried, Yama will always be my favorite :)
I've been going to Yama for a few years. I've tried every sushi place that has been highly recommended and I ALWAYS go back to Yama. They're rolls Are amazing. My favorite is the Happy Ending. It's a salmon roll with a slice of lemon on top and it's heaven in your mouth. Sometimes we have a wait but it's need been too long. The all you can eat price is super cheap for the quality of food. I love this place. Do it!
