Great Rooms!
All the good things reviewed about this hotel are true. I might add I had a fabulous experience with the sales staff as they helped me plan a conference for business owners. They made me look brilliant at the end!. . In addition to comments about resort fee's, from what I understand most, if not all, hotels have resort fees, some just include them in their rate. And the 12% room tax, that goes to the city and allows us to keep visiting.
Rates for this hotel are very reasonable for the room that you get.  Service is excellent.  Nordstrom at the Fashion Show Mall is conveniently right across the street.  There is no smoking and no casino at this hotel.  I could not ask anything more from a hotel that is on the strip.  There is valet only though.  I always try to stay here whenever we are in town.. . Pros: kitchenette, microwave, safe, jetted tub, no casino, no smoking, 5 star hospitality. . Cons: valet is mandatory, further from busy side of strip
Just visited LV for a conference with my boyfriend.  The conference was at the Wynn, but since they had increased their prices to $500+ a night for the conference, we went Trump.  The room was $119/night on Orbitz.  When we arrived, the front desk offered an upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite with a view of the Strip for $50more a night.  We took the upgrade.  . . Honestly, I was expecting to walk into a gold plated tacky room, but it was very classy and pretty.  The whole hotel was quiet and laid back.  The room was big (I'd guess around 800-900 sf?) with a full kitchen, dining area, living room, bedroom, and 2 full bathrooms.  The bathroom had one of the new tv's that is built into the mirror....very cool!  The shower was huge with double showerheads.  It turned out nice to have the separate living area because my boyfriend ended up staying out late every night and I went to sleep and got up earlier.  I had a place to relax and watch tv while he slept in.  . . The staff was very friendly.  The hotel had a free shuttle that left about every 5 minutes for the Wynn so that saved us a bunch in taxi fees.  The lobby had gorgeous light fixtures and a chill bar/seating area.  We never waited more than 1 minute for an elevator.  . . The best thing, though, was that our flight was leaving at 5:45 and we really had nothing to do between checkout at 11am and our flight.  We asked for a late checkout expecting to get noon or MAYBE one o'clock.  To my surprise, they gave us a 4pm checkout without any extra fees!  Really great service!  . . This was an awesome value and definitely one of the best places to stay in the city, especially if you are looking for a place that is a little more relaxed (besides, it's still a 2 minute cab ride to all the craziness!).  We will definitely stay here again!  Thanks Trump!
The result of a $100 priceline gamble. Called in for a free upgrade to a suite and a late check out at 4 PM!!!! Is that even a real check out time?. . The rooms were beautiful, with a great view of Las Vegas. The beds and couches were comfortable and the hotel service was top notch. The bathroom had a TV embedded into the mirror. Two facet showers, tubs, flat screens in every room. 2 complimentary bottles of water and free wifi.. . Bar downstairs turned out weak drinks. Crystal and gold plated everything in the hotel lobby. Shuttles to Ceasar's palace and the Wynn. Slow valet.. . Their pizza via room service was delicious, though we were all starving.. . For the bang for your buck, this place is legit. The average cab cost to PH/City Center is $12-14.. . Would definitely stay here again.
Glitz done right. . Beautiful hotel, plush rooms, and amazing service.
I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is traveling with a family. I went to Vegas for my annual girls trip, but this year was different since I had to bring my man and my 3 month old! The trump appealed to us because it is a non-smoking property, so we didn't have to worry about the baby being exposed to anything. . . We got into the city a little earlier than expected so I called in and they said I could come in anytime I was ready. Our room was amazing. I loved the shower, the amazing tub, and the TV in the bathroom mirror. My body just melted into the bed, and I loved the robes! Having the kitchen was nice so we could cool our drinks and heat up bottles for our little man. When we needed wine glasses and a bottle opener, they were at our door in no time, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The next day we asked for a late checkout and they let us pick what time we wanted to leave! Crazy!. . The only downside was our noisy neighbors who decided to have a little hotel party before going out. I don't know why these mid 30's idiots couldn't go to the strip and act like morons there instead of making noise in their rooms till 2 in the morning. But it's not the hotel's fault for dumb guests!. . Anyways, I really enjoyed my stay! I will definitely return Mr. Trump!
CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN. This hotel is spotless. I am THE PICKIEST when it comes to a hotel room being clean. I have walked out of SO many hotels (money back or not) and found somewhere else to stay that is cleaner. . . Room service was great, very quick. . . Fantastic location if you want to be near the strip, but not completely in the chaos of it. You can walk to just about anywhere on the strip, or take their courtesy shuttle that goes about half way down the strip. Nordstroms is literally RIGHT across the street, big plus. It is a breath of fresh air to be able to come back to this glitzy, beautiful, NON SMOKING/NO CASINO after you've been out all night (or all day). . . If you are staying in Vegas for the first time, let them know and they may bump you up to a strip view - that's what they did for us.
This hotel is a perfect retreat for anyone looking for a non-smoking and non-casino hotel.  I booked it for my husband and I during our stay for the Rugby 7s tournament this past weekend.. . The hotel is located just off the strip close to the Wynn, and offers a complimentary shuttle to the Wynn as well as the Forum shops at Caesar's Palace.  Taxis are of course in plentiful supply.. . The rooms are beautiful with comfortable beds, amazing spa bath tubs built for two (but don't forget to bring your own bubbles or salts), and great views of either the strip or the mountains in the background.. . The service is excellent, but be sure to dress to impress to get the best experience.  We received two completely different responses when we asked for help with a car.  The first time, we were dressed in jeans and jerseys from the rugby match and told that it was a VIP service only.  The second time, we asked the same person, the same question, just 45 minutes later than the first but this time we were dressed in a nice dress for me and a suit for my husband and told it would be just a moment.  Alas, my lesson is that if you want great service you need to look like you deserve it - for better or worse.. . My one nit, which I'm not sure it would be different at other hotels, is that there are rail tracks that go right by the hotel and a freight train that was very loud at 5 am both nights that we stayed there. . . Also, don't be surprised by the $19.95 resort fee per room per night.  It's stated most places that you purchase the room, but it still surprises people.  It covers access to the fitness center, free wifi, etc.  Parking is add'l (probably best to not have a car anyway).
Trump is one of my favorite hotels to stay at in LV (along with the Cosmopolitan and Encore). I recently stayed here for an extended trip and the Trump Hotel served as my "home away from home" for quite some time. I stayed in a one-bedroom corner suite with a strip view on the 44th floor and it's definitely better than the standard suites and one-bedroom suites because it's more spacious and it has a magnificent view of the strip. Just a note, make sure to request a room that is closer to the Encore hotel, if you are staying on the other side near Industrial Road you will be hearing the extremely loud train horns throughout the night! Overall I was very satisfied with my stay here, except for the 19.99 resort fee (per day) that definitely adds up when you calculate that into your daily rate. One of the major pluses is that they allow small dogs here. I brought my dog Harvey along and he was treated like royalty! They do charge a $200 pet fee per stay but they waived $100 off without my asking. That's cheaper than most hotels charge for pets and in my opinion is very reasonable. The charge also includes a memory foam pet bed and a fancy water and food dish set that your furry friend gets to take home. They also have a designated area right outside the hotel for bathroom breaks for the furry ones. . . As for the room itself, it was very spacious and clean. There's a separate entrance for each room away from the hallway, making this one of the quietest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in. My corner suite room included a living room and separate bedroom. It also comes with a full kitchen with all the goodies: stove, refrigerator, sink, microwave, dishwasher, etc. There are two bathrooms, which both have showers. All the rooms have one king size bed only so if you have extra people staying in the room they'll have to sleep on the sofabed in the living room, which didn't look too comfortable. My favorite though had to be the bathroom! It was HUGE!!! It was probably equal to the size of the bedroom and had a separate area for the toilet and the shower and everything was mainly marble. There is also a large jacuzzi with a large window overlooking the strip. I loved the tv in the mirror!! It was so fun getting ready and watching tv at the same time.. . The staff here was amazing. I've read many complaints about housekeeping but I had no such problems, in fact my experience was just the opposite. Our housekeeper came by everyday, even when we didn't light the housekeeping green light to see if we needed our room cleaned. She was so sweet and very diligent and always made our room spotless. Along with her, the other employee that really stood out to me was Lamont. He's the doorman out front and was always so helpful and every time I ran into him he would strike up a conversation with me and always remembered our names! More hotels need to hire great staff like that! Parking is valet only. It's also right across from the Fashion Show Mall and a very short 5-minute walk to the strip. I will definitely stay here again, especially if Harvey comes along again.
AZ Road Trip Stop #4. . A Taste of what Luxury Condo Living is like.. Beautiful Hotel that excels in personal service.. . No smoking No Gaming gave the Trump the perfect vibe to break away from the hot mess that Vegas is made up of.... starting with the Doormen welcoming you.... Good Evening Sir as the door opens without breaking stride.... and Good Eveining Miss Calee as she headed for the grassy area to take her pee.. . $200 non refundable pet deposit but you catch the 'its only money attitude' without effort because it's got IT.. Booked a winter promo rate.
we got a 1 bed room corner suite on an upper floor for 150 a night.. We are the type of couple that loves to go "out" to be entertained.. not really that likes to have the entertainment at the house.. . . We loved the room and the hotel. the Valet.. was a little slow at times. which is something i really think they need to staff better for since they only do 100 percent valet.. (no self parking). but the room and the staff were great. Our room would have easily costs us 2k a night at the belligio.. with the only real benefit being the location. When we wanted to spend time on the strip we drove to the place we needed to go. or for exploring the whole strip we would park at a hotel midway... you could walk.. but we are way to lazy for that.. trump does offer shuttles to ceasars every hour as well.. . . awesome value great hotel... . oh yeah. i was a little disappointed that there werent robes... but that was it really.
Absolutely gorgeous.. . My friend got a deal off oftravelzoo for only 133.00 a night. On a Saturday night. WHAT?! No way.  And needless to say, on Valentine's Day weekend??? Yep, twas true.. . Trump, you do your hotel well. It was so spacious walking in, as I pulled that 'T" on the door (and tried to envision what it would look like with a "N", and went up to our room.. . Walked in and was blown away. Super spacious, complete with a small sofa, and new stove, refrigerator, microwave, the works. The view from our room was great as well.. . And the BATHROOM. The tv screen was actually flat pressed with the mirror...being inside the mirror. Oh my. It was quite pretty...and so cheap! Trump needs to open some type of venue in his hotel... it would be the new place to be in Vegas. Five stars, gorgeous hotel.
I spend a lot of time in Vegas and I've stayed at every major resort hotel at least twice, but my personal favorite is the Trump International Hotel!. . I have a total Love/Hate relationship with Las Vegas.  I love the scene, the restaurants, the shopping and the food, but I HATE the cigarette smoke!  The Trump is a non-smoking hotel with no casino (I love that).  The rooms are spacious, clean and well laid out.  The service is excellent and the staff is extremely helpful and hospitable.. . Through my business, I've never had to pay for a room here out of pocket, but through consolidator sites such as Expedia, Hotwire, & Hotels.com, you can get really great deals in the $100 range depending on your travel dates!  For that price, there is no reason that you shouldn't indulge in affordable luxury!
My most favorite place to stay in Vegas!  You'll feel like ya ballin'!!!! But don't get frightened by the name Trump, our room was $90 a night. . . Exceptional service upon arrival.. bell hops will learn your name within a day of your stay, and always greet you "Welcome home Ms. _____". I love anything that makes me feel like I have my own staff. . . We got upgraded to a one-bedroom suite which included fully stocked kitchen & 2 bathrooms.  The huge Jacuzzi tub was amazing, and I honestly thought about never leaving the bed because it was so comfortable.  I got my hair and makeup did at the on site salon-- turned out fabulous!  . . This hotel IS my vacation.  The rest of Vegas is just a bonus.
This is an excellent luxury hotel and I recommend it for business travelers or anyone who would rather not be at a mega resort that has multiple restaurants, bars, and a casino. Not to mention it is non-smoking as well. The rooms are nothing less than fantastic.  The staff at this hotel is great as well with excellent service and attitude.  The room (Included a very nice Jacuzzi tub), pool, lobby, gym, ect are all top notch here.  There is a large mall just across the street and all other strip hotels are near which was nice too.  Keep in mind that this review is only for the hotel.  The restaurant has very high prices for the quality of food you get.  Eat elsewhere and you won't be disappointed.  Besides that, this is an excellent hotel and the per night costs are very well priced.
Extremely satisfied.  This hotel is truly unique for Las Vegas.  Not because it doesn't have a casino, not because it doesn't have any nightclubs or cool lounges.  What makes this hotel unique is the service with a smile attitude that EVERY staff member we spoke with has.  The staff at this place are totally professional and very friendly.  Free bottles of water, free shuttle service and a beautiful pool where you can actually find a pool chair also make this place special.  It also doesn't feel like thousands of people are staying there.  It has a very intimate feel.  The location is pretty cool even if it's not on the strip.  It's across the street from the mall and only minutes from the Wynn.  . . The rooms are also in another class.  They are spotless, big, and have cool features that make it feel nice.  We'll definitely be going back to this place as long as the price stays reasonable.
The best service standards ever encountered. I stayed @ Trump for only 2 days and wish it were for longer. Upon check-in, I was served by Victor at the front desk. I was concerened because I paid through a third party provider, but all was in order. Victor went through all the Hotels perks ie. Free bottled water, free wireless internet, free use of the gym, etc. As he explained that a free Las vegas local paper was included, I guess that I casually mentioned that I prefer USA Today. Not really meaning anything about it at the time. Wouldn't you know it, on my front door were two papers the local Vegas paper and a copy of USA Today!  WOW! That blew my mind, how thoughtfull that little act was. I am hooked for life. In addition he upgraded me to a suite also w/o any prodding. OMG! .   Also Louie, who ran the shuttle service from Trump over to Wynn and Ceasers Palace made an impression on me. ALL the staff were professional and accomadating.   .   The room itself #4505 had a view of the strip and full of great features ie. Sub-Zero fridge, Bosch microwave, in mirror TV in bathroom, Jucuzzi soaking tub, 42" plasma interactive TV and a 4 PM check out time......who does that these days. Also. I arrived early at 11AM on my check-in and was in my room by 11:15AM never had to wait for  a room to open up. .   The pool was a good size and never had an issue getting a lounge chair. Also they were made of wicker and didn't heat up as other metal, plastic chair materials do. They also offer free a sofa type half circle lounge, very comfotable. They give you great large towels along with iced down bottled water, all free. Great pool side bar service was evident as well. .   The hotel never seemed crowded as the upper floors had its own elevator to speed things along. Interesting enough they do except dogs to stay as well. The valet knew my name after the first visit as there is no self parking allowed. I think the longest it took to get my car was about 6 minutes from valet. . .  All in all a fantastic experience and will definetly return. Keep up the good work guys!
Got this deal through hotwire for like..$305 for Friday and Saturday night. Great deal considering that the Trump is a 5 star resort complete with kitchen amenities, a huge CA King size bed, pull out sleeper sofa, and marble bathtub and shower.. . They don't have a casino in the hotel, but hey its less of a walk from the front door to the guest elevators. No more running around the hotel following confusing signs for where the elevators are.. . Another good thing is that they only have valet (which is complimentary, but please tip because the valet guys are really really nice), and so you dont have to worry about parking and lugging your suitcase all around.. . All the staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and I would definitely consider staying here.. . Oh yeah, they have a free shuttle to the Wynn every day! I think its like..9am-3am everyday. . . Yeah even though Trump isn't on the strip, itsliterally right off of it. Behind Treasure Island.. . Bottom line, loved the hotel. Will definitely consider staying again!
Wow!  This is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at in my life!  This was my second time in Vegas (my first time sucked!) and part of that was the hotel.  WE came to Vegas to see The Strokes play at the Cosmoplitan.  We got to The Trump around 11pm.  The Valet was great, we checked in, they offered us an upgrade but I said naa we'll be ok.  I booked the room on bookit.com and got a really good deal for 2 nights in a suite.  Everything is beautiful yet simple, I loved it!  When we got to our room I was blown away!  And the bathroom omg to die for........ The bathtub....ooh i fell in love with it.  Everything was just perfect, comfortable beautiful view, the bed amazing, the robes amazing, the bathroom amazing.  I would totally stay here again.  Now imagine if I would have upgraded??? Probably would of fainted with delight!
This is a really nice place to stay if you want to be close to the strip but away from all the noise of the casinos. The quality of the room is really up there. The room I had was spotless. Clean sheets, surfaces, towels, everything. . .  They are also very hospitable. I had a broken ironing board and they came up with one in 10 minutes.. . The food is not bad but i only had a salad with roasted chicken. The chicken was very well seasoned. Not just plain salt and pepper. Salad was dressed just right andnot drenched or too dry.. . I wouldn't mind staying here again.
I will give it 5 stars.... after all... it IS a 5 star hotel.... When my Wife and I walked into the Lobby for the first time, I stopped, and told my wife... "Listen....." and she said "What?... I don't hear anything..." and I said "EXACTLY".... This Hotel is a Non-Gambling Hotel.... so, you don't hear all the Bing's and bongs of all those one-armed-bandits. Not to mention, the AIR in the Lobby of the Hotel is fragrant, very Pleasant to say the least. The whole experience we had there was WONDERFUL to say the least. From the Garden Tub in the HUGE bathroom, with the TV monitor in the Bathroom Mirror (and remote control) to the Very comfy bed we had the pleasure to sleep in. Whenever we are in a strange city, we are always thinking how nice it will be to get back home to our own comfortable bed.... This place was the exception. The staff was very nice and help full, and all the amenities were outstanding. We were on the 64th floor (if I remember right) and had a great view. What was even better was, I booked the room on Priceline for a great Price, also. There were added costs, however, but that is to be expected. (valet parking ONLY).
what to say except awesome!. . .  que dire a part genial!!! c'est un hotel au bout du trip.. Nous avons tout aime tellement la chambre etait raffinee.
Through Expedia our checkout was not until 4pm.. Stayed on the 49th floor (pretty good view of the strip). The suite was definitely nice, the first thing we checked in and got into our room. I got so excited, I had to call my mom and tell her how beautiful our room was. Enjoyed our little kitchenette (mini fridge) we loved our big 'ol jacuzzi bath tube.  . . Pros: . -friendly staff. -room service (food were good portion). -TV in the bathroom . -Shuttle to Wynn (every 15min)  and Caesars Palace (every hour). . Wished they serve complimentary breakfast. Considered they didn't have a casino downstairs  . . Will definitely stay here again. its away from the strip so its much more quite and its only a few minute walk to the mall..its right across the street from Nordstrom
I'm in a suite on the 32nd floor of Trump Int. Hotel writing this review. I stayed up till 4am partying last night and we're recovering from last night's action. Fortunately, we extended the checkout time to 4pm... then extended it to 5pm! What other hotel on the strip will do this for you? . . Aside from a rude managing parking attendant, Trump's Vegas staff are fantastic. They go out of their way to help you, whether you're looking to learn more about late night venues or trying to get good rates on your stay. We were bumped up to a suite (1000+ sq ft) for the price of a normal deluxe room. This was on a hot Saturday night... when every other hotel on the Vegas strip was SOLD OUT. . . Our room at Trump was amazing. It was a VIP experience that you shouldn't miss out on, especially if you come to Vegas without reservations--I've gotten the BEST rooms doing this. . . My advice: Don't book anything online. Talk to people on the phone or in person, whether you're booking a room at a hotel like Trump or even a show. You'll get the best rates, the best rooms, and the best seats in the house!. . More about the suite we booked: the jacuzzi is deep and relaxing (the jets are pretty powerful), the room is beautiful with granite throughout, the bathroom is fantastic, the bed is very comfortable and the overall room seems very new/modern/sophisticated. And did I mention the 5pm checkout? Very good job, Trump!. . We had an excellent stay. Thanks!
The best part of it is no smoky casino to walk through and no noisy lobby. . . Trump is the true 5 star hotel in LV. If you check on travel websites you will find many run down casinos rated 4-5 stars but they are really far from the 5 star service you get at Trump. . . I am not a fan of Mr. Trump but this place is managed well, the rooms are top notch, the service is attentive and not intimidating. I say this because in some of the real high end places sometimes not everyone feels comfortable. I love that every room has a jacuzzi, and a kitchenette if not more. The lobby smells of fresh floral scent. I take a deep breath each time I enter the lobby. . . There is no self parking here and like all the other valet parking in this town, they are strictly tip only. My coworkers who are used to quiet nights didn't like being able to hear the train just behind the building 2:30am. They were on 32th and 51st floor so it doesn't seem to matter which floor you are on. I did eventually hear the train but it didn't really bother me. . . As long as I can afford it I will definitely return.
I would stay here over and over again!!. From the time we checked in to the lady upgrading our room just because it was our first time there, was red carpet all the way!. WoW!!! . The pool side restaurant was the best with service and food.. The restaurant on the main floor was also an A++ when it came to service and food.. Trump even has his own water!!! It taste better than any other bottled water I've ever tasted and I'm really picky when it comes to that stuff.. The room itself was just the best and the bed, don't even get me started on how comfortable it was and how I couldn't even feel my partner toss and turn as I do on the one we have at home...lol . Shhhh, don't tell her I said that.. Book your travel hotel destination here and you won't regret it.. P.S. what a ride when you get on the elevator, Super Fast. (not a fan of heights). Enjoy!!
Based on a quick check of the five star hotels in Vegas right before Memorial Day weekend, the Trump was the cheapest option, so away I went.  . . The hotel, and the rooms, are beautiful. It's described as "off the strip", but it's not far.  It was a 5 minute walk or so to the Wynn, and probably 10-15  to the Palazzo or Venitian.  Where it is right across from, however, is the Fashion Show Mall, which may or may not be a plus.  . . What is a plus to me, maybe not to others, is the fact that this hotel doesn't have a casino.  This property was a failed condominium project that almost went under and was converted to a hotel when the real estate market dropped after 2007.  It has a small pool area, a so-so spa, a nice fitness center, a tiny bar, and a small restaurant.  . . The rooms, as mentioned, are gorgeous, and the bathrooms are huge. (I was expecting a tacky gold gilding and mirrors look from Trump).  Definitely a location to relax at while you're in the room, and cab or hoof it when you want to go out on the town.. . Donald, you're hired.
The Trump deserves its stripes  or shall i say stars. Great 5 star hotel at a decent rate, I have stayed here probably multiple occasions and I would like to say they were almost near perfect. There were a couple times where the hot tub/jacuzzi wasn't working or the valet took 45 minutes to look for our tahoe at 2am in the morning with nobody in line that we were unhappy with but the staff took care of us by reimbursing the resort fees. They have condo rooms which are all nice, but an upgrade to the 1 room condo for a special occasion will be an investment you will not be disappointed with. It comes with a big couch, full kitchen, washer/dryer, and larger restroom. I need to find where they sell those pillows because I have the best sleep in Vegas haha! who sleeps in Vegas? I do only at the Trump lol
first ever casino-less hotel in vegas!! you're a very smart man mr trump!!. . stayed here for my friend's bday weekend in vegas. the rooms in this place are all suites. we got  connecting rooms with a one bedroom suite and a studio. the bathrooms are huuuge! trust the bathroom in the one bedroom was enormous enough to fit 6 GIRLS getting ready AT THE SAME TIME! no joke! shower was big enough with 2 shower heads. toilet was separated with a door. literally shits n giggles with your girls while their getting ready! LOL. . the hotel always smelled soooo good since no casino and no smokers around. but they do have a smoking area across the entrance. so no worries for you smokers like me!. . the hotel is located off the strip close to the fashion show mall. it's about a 15 min walk to the Wynn and Encore depending how high your shoes are. LOL. . ill definitely be coming back to stay at mr trump's hotel!
Love it love it!. . I went with my family of 4 adults plus 2 kids,with tax and fee we paid approx $250 a night to have a corner studio (fit for all 6 of us) on 51st floor. OMG the VIEW with all the huge windows, amazing!  The studio has 2 bathrooms, the master bathroom is really nice with TV and large Jacuzzi.  I think similar room at Bellagio or Venetian would probably cost you $300-400 a night or even more!  Customer service was excellent.  I used to love walking on the strip and visiting hotels in LV but this time I spent a lot of time staying in this beautiful studio and used their swimming pool.  Free frequent shuttle btw Wynn and Trump.  Very convenient.. . For the price I paid I would gave them even 6 stars if I can!  Highly recommended if you go to LV for a family trip or romantic one.  No casino so I guess not for gamblers.  : )  . . P.S. The pull out sofa is very thin, need to ask for more pad and blanket to support before you use it!
I am so IN LOVE with the Trump. . . It is my favorite hotel for numerous reasons:. . 1) This is weird, but the aroma. The minute I walk in, I feel relaxed, comfortable, at home, and peaceful. Seriously, it smells THAT good. So good that it's actually/weirdly one of the reasons why I stay here.  If I could buy an airfreshener resembling Trump... I'd be all on that. . . 2) NO CASINO. No hassle of walking miles and miles to get to the elevator.. . 3) KITCHEN! Cup of noodles all day everyday for the nasty hangovers. And a fridge to hold your gatorade, snacks, and alcohol! . . 4) Friendliest staff ever :) Horrible hangover? Staff always comes to the rescue with unlimited bottles of water.  . . 5) IPOD dock (which is a must when getting ready/drinking in the room). . 6) Good size, comfortably fits 6 girls. . 7) Affordable. . 8) Ample mirror space!. . 9) Across the street from Fashion Show Mall. . 10) WALKING DISTANCE (we don't walk though, but yay for cheaper cab fair) to XS, Marquee, Surrender, Tao... :). . What's not to LOVE...
So I read the reviews and based upon those I would have to agree with people who had issues with no casino or accessibility to the strip. . . Walking to the strip would be cumbersome. Not an issue for us since we brought a car.. . No casino again since I am not a big gambler. My wife doesn't like gambling so it's rare if ever that I play.. . Right across the street from the fashion show mall so if shopping is your thing it's perfect.. . Right now the world series of poker is in town and this is the cheapest 5 star resort. I saw many 3 star resorts selling for just as much if not more.. . We upgraded our suite to a 1000 sq ft suite for an additional $50 per night. The room is amazing. With a bathroom as big as a football field and a tub to put the team in during half time. . . From now on me & the Don are tight.
Wonderful experience here! Booked a room on priceline for $120 (plus fees $148 or so). The entire hotel was lovely and our room was amazing. The entrance to our room was actually sealed away from the main hall with another door with a weird entry area shared with the neighboring room. The room was extremely spacious with tons of attention to detail. Lots of shelf space for example, filled with random decorations like coral and ceramics. The kitchen had a La Creuset tea pot, a salad spinner, and other stuff from Williams Sonoma. There was also a lot of closet space! Very luxurious. The bathroom was huge and, as other people have mentioned, has a TV in the mirror. The jacuzzi bathtub was a dream come true! I just wished I'd saved more time to soak in it. Also, I didn't realize there were three different settings for the jets till after I'd gotten out. Doh.. . We had two couples in our group so we made use of the queen sized pullout bed. At first we were going to just use the one comforter (no sheet) and pillow we found in the closet but it was very thin and springy. We called down and a guy came and made the bed up with a nice fluffy pad and two layers of comforters and sheets, etc. It was almost as good as a real bed. The fridge was so cold it actually froze our bottled water, and they charge a $20 "resort fee" for the valet parking, Internet, coffee, etc. But I didn't mind at all; it was totally worth it. Would love to come back again and make better use of the tub, try out the pool, etc. Also, they have a courtesy shuttle to the Wynn (which is really close to walk anyway), which makes the lack of a casino a minor detail.
5 star. . . My favorite hotel in LV, easy. It is beautiful, clean, and most importantly, no cigarette's! . . Evian mist and fresh Mango poolside. . . I had a very pleasant experience and I definitely recommend it to you.
I hadn't been in Vegas for several years; booked this hotel and was I impressed!  From the moment I walked in to the lobby; it's as though there is a fragrance that lingers from the lobby through out the entire hotel ~ it is a slice of heaven.  Rooms were private and spacious and even a bigger fan of Mr Trump than I was before!  Book this hotel ~ it is AMAZING.
5 stars for value. It's really not that expensive. The rooms are tastefully decorated (with wonderful books on the shelf), spacious, include a small kitchenette, clean and comfortable. And FREE wireless. Thank you Mr. Trump. And because there are no slot machines or a casino at the hotel it is relatively relaxing and quiet. The lobby includes a quiet bar and a smal restaurant. There is also a nice fitness center and pool.   The ONY downside is that it is not really walking distance to anything - at least not when it is 100+ temperature. But cabs are easily accessible and they offer a free shuttle to most casinos. I'd definitely return.
OMG this place is great. My friends booked their room here and I was privileged to unexpectedly crash on their sofa for a night. What makes it so great?? First off, it's complimentary valet (tip!!). Second, you walk thru the spacious lobby straight to the elevators. No annoying convoluted trek thru a loud smelly casino to get to your room. Third, pseudo double doors suite that made it extra private and sound proof. You couldn't even ring the door bell if it was "do not disturb" status. This might suck if you lost your key and was trying to knock on the door, cuz you wouldn't be able to hear anything. Fourth, the kitchenette (mini fridge, stove range, blender, sink, microwave, coffee maker, 1 plate). Fifth, the bathroom (double sink, crystallized walls separating the toilet and shower, and tub). Sixth, it's right across from Fashion Show Mall. . . I would definitely look into booking a room here for my future Vegas trips.
Had my second stay at the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. The accomodations, food and service was out of this world. Big shout out to Greg & Nick in the dining room who helped make my son's 21st birthday party totally perfect AND got my husband and I out the door in time to make our show on the strip.. Olga was a very sweet and wonderful housekeeping attendant making sure our room was spotless.. Thanks Trump Hotel we will be back.. Best location, best price and best people on the Strip.
I would definitely not say no to staying here again. . Pros:. -The best thing about the Trump is that it's not a casino. So it automatically feels more classy and clean. . -Our check-in and -out processes were painless. The staff were super nice and polite during our whole visit.. -We were upgraded to a suite which, honestly, the most luxurious hotel room I've ever been in. The bathrooms got me speechless. Huge bath/hot tube, huge shower, and a make up table. What else could I ask for?. -It wasn't very busy at the pool when we were there.. -Booked through AA vacation and got a really good deal, for a 5-star hotel.. . Cons:. -It's kinda far from the center of the strip. It takes a 10 minute walk to get to the Wynn and Encore (i walk slow) or $8 cab to get to Ceasar Palace. They do have shuttles that run to these two areas but you have to wait quite a bit, and the service stops at early hours (before midnight).. -The pool is sort of boring (compared to other Vegas pools). The little hot tub next to the pool is a bit yucky, they should just cover that thing up.
My experience mirrors Mimi C's. I'm like the no casino/no smoking part aspect of the hotel. The no casino makes getting to your room from the front door painless. . . I agree with all her pro's. . . As far as the cons go, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a resort without a resort fee in Vegas. . . -- The main area of the strip is a bit far away, but you can take to shuttle to Ceasar Forum which puts you right about at the middle of the strip. . . I paid the same amount $79/night for a weeknight. . . I plan to stay at the Trump again next time I'm in Vegas.
This hotel was amazing!  Their service was excellent and the room was the nicest I think I've ever stayed in. The bathroom was absolutely huge with marble tile floors and walls (very slippery when wet) with a ginormous jet tub and a television above the sink that's flush with the mirror. Also a phone next to the commode (why you might want to talk to someone while on the john is beyond me). The bed was absolutely the most comfortable one I've slept in. And to top it off, there's a small fridge, sink with a garbag disposal, a range for cooking AND cookware in the cupboards!  Oh, and getting into your room, you enter into a little area shared by one other room, so you aren't directly off the hallway, which made me feel safer and cuts down on noise from outside. Amazing place to stay!!
Well, we found our new go-to family hotel for Vegas!! . . A couple weeks before we arrived I sent the hotel a message on their facebook wall asking them about a bed for my daughter and sure enough when we showed up for our reservations the sofa bed was already made up in our room. The room we had was not on the strip side and my 4 year-old LOVES looking out the windows on our trips. All our time spent in the room sounds like this " Mommy, what do you see from up here? I see a helicopter and a hotel and a pool and another hotel and a big building and an airplane" etc etc etc. They switched our room no problem and had a new bed made up for her in 15 minutes!. . The hotel is so quiet, and smoke free and perfect for family travel! We've stayed at Luxor, Mirage and Venetian with our little one and I prefer the Trump over any of those by a long shot! We spent about 6 hours at the pool over the course of the weekend and she was in heaven! Housekeeping was great, they came in twice a day and were always smiling. Valet also was great, I forgot her stroller in the car and they had it out to me in 2 minutes, not an easy thing to run through a parking garage with, trust me!. . I went to the gym twice while I was there and the first time, around 5:30pm was almost empty, it was myself and 3 others, the second day I went at 10:00 am and it was packed! I didn't have to wait for a machine though even with the gym being full which was great but I would suggest going in the early evening instead of the morning!. . The one thing that was off was the darn train, but I can hardly fault the Trump for this, it's not like they built the tracks!. . Even the location was great, right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall, it was a quick walk through the mall to the strip. We like to walk when on vacation so didn't mind the extra 100 yards to get to the strip, got to work off all those pina coladas somehow! . . The hotel really seems to cater to families and that is so hard to come by in this city. Kids menu at the pool cafe, kids pool toys on sale and every employee we came across fawned over our daughter, her being the ham she is soaked it all up! We will definitely be coming back to the Trump whenever we travel to Vegas with our little one in tow!
My favorite hotel in Las Vegas!  I have stayed here twice & would definitely come back again when I'm in Vegas. . . It's an affordable deal for $99 a night, a spacious room that comes with a King size bed & a sofa pull out, full kitchen, shower, jet bathtub, full length mirrors, great decor both inside the rooms & through the hotel. . . Friendly & convenient service staff. No smoking/casino's inside the hotel. Right across from the Fashion Mall. Encore/Wynn is around the corner. Free Shuttle service. Great room service. Good size pool area/lounge . Extended check-out time until 4pm
This hotel is AWESOME! We decided to stay here for my 25th birthday trip and we loved it! We arrived around noon and not only did they have a room ready for us, but we received a free upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite for my birthday! The room was huge! It had 2 bathrooms, a full size kitchen, and a jacuzzi tub....I seriously didn't wanna leave! Everyone who worked here was very professional and helpful (even when we stumbled in from partying at 4am). The pool was really nice too! Nothing special, but it's quiet and they have great poolside service. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want to be close to the strip but don't want to deal with loud casinos and cigarette smoke 24/7!
5 stars all the way.. . We stayed in their one bedroom suites and it was seriously an amazing experience.  You literally feel as if you have your own one bedroom apartment, with its own kitchen, own living room with a huge Lshaped sofa, and a decent sized bedroom with a huge full bathroom (with bathtub with jets). . the only downside (depending on how you look at it) - there is no casino. it really is a hotel located a little bit off the strip.
Three-night weekend stay from Friday night to Monday morning. . . First thing I should point out is that it is valet only. The wife and I drove past the hotel twice looking for the self-parking signs only to find out it was valet only when we drove into the valet. Good thing we happened to have cash on us.. . The front desk and the valet employees were very helpful and courteous. Check-in was quick, smooth, and painless. Walking into the room made you feel like it was going to be a good vacation. We actually set our bags down when we walked in so we could take a look at;.           - nice city/mountain view from the window.           - the comfortable sofa that pulls out to a bed.           - coffee table with extra chairs and a desk.           - kitchen area with flat electric stovetop, microwave, and fridge.           - hot tub in the bathroom.           - LCD TV in the room.           - small LCD TV in the mirror in the restroom. . Went out onto the strip after getting ready. Getting to the strip takes about 10-15 minutes of walking. I guess a nice thing is that you get to walk through the air-conditioned mall. The crappy thing is that the mall closes at 9pm.. . TIP: The shuttle from the Forum Shoppes to Trump is on the lower level. Take the escalator down that is in the middle of the Shoppes.. . The Spa at the Trump was awesome, and highly suggest it. The staff was very polite and professional,. . The gym was in great condition and had a good amount of weights, medicine balls, core balls, and even a BOSU.. . The swimming pool is nothing too special. The one cool thing it had was a little lip at the edge of both sides of the pool where you could lay out, but also be halfway in the water. About a half foot deep and extends maybe 12 feet out.. . Overall great stay for a hotel pretty much off the strip, and with no casino.
This isn't a Hotel and Casino, if you want to go down to the lobby and gamble stay elsewhere. But If  you hate the smokey hotel smell and not in Vegas to lose an arm, this is the place for you.. . Possibly the cleanest hotel I have been to. Enterand you'll notice the amazing aroma in the lobby, they don't sell the fragrance at the gift shop, I already asked =(. . Standard room comes equip with kitchenette, dish and sink.,Wolfgang Puck coffee and of course its very clean. Quality service with a press of a button. I highly recommend this hotel
Really a 4.5 in my eyes, but I will round up to a 5 b/c Trump has badass room service.  . . Got a deal through HotWire and paid a decent price for 2 nights (Friday/Saturday).  This hotel is sliiiightly off the strip, but is still directly across a small side street from Fashion Show Mall.  It made it very convenient for us to get breakfast at one of two Starbucks inside the mall.  Mmmm...Also, because of its location, when taxis came to pick us up, the drivers took Industrial Blvd, which was waaaay less crowded than Las Vegas Blvd.  This saved us a lot of time and cab fare!  HOOORAY!. . There is no self-parking lot here, so be ready with some cash to tip the valet people.  They are all very friendly and will signal for a cab for you 24/7.  Trump also has shuttles going to Caesar's Palace and Wynn every day.  I can't recall the hours exactly, but I think for CP, the shuttle service ends at midnight every night.. . All rooms come with a King-sized bed and a Queen-sized couch bed.  There is even a kitchenette and roomy fridge for those who want to make their own meals/snacks.  Be sure to save room for the delicious fries and tiramisu from room service though!  Trust me!  You won't be disappointed.. . All in all, I was quite pleased with this hotel.  I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to stay at a hotel that doesn't have a casino (GASP!)and is 100% non-smoking.  You are charged a little less than $23/day for resort fees, which allows you to use the pool, internet, gym, and a few other ammenities.  So people, use their stuff!!!. . Oh yes, be sure to lounge around by the family-friendly poolside (nothing fancy, but a good place to relax and cool off).  Free towels, lounge chairs, and umbrellas.  Cabanas can be reserved as well (not sure if it costs anything).
Been here twice and have to say top of the line. The service is second to none anywhere in Vegas. clean rooms, affordable prices and the service from the staff is unreal
My husband and I just stayed here for 3 nights and we were so happy that we stayed here! It is so nice that after a full day of noise, smoke, and crowds in the other casinos that we could come back here to a peaceful luxurious retreat. The rooms were perfect, the staff was absolutely amazing. I had read the other reviews before we went and thought that it was funny that people commented on how nice this place smelled but it was totally true! The place smelled so nice, I even asked if they sold a candle. Everyone that worked here from the doorman, the concierge, to the pool staff, everyone was so nice and helpful and seemed genuinely happy to be working there. The hotels location really shouldn't be an issue because it is only about a 5 minute walk to Las Vegas Blvd and during the day there are two shuttles that run every 15 minutes. I loved that even the standard rooms had kitchenettes and that we were provided with free bottled water, coffee, and chocolates during our turndown service. I can't wait to come back to the Trump the next time we come to Vegas.
6 best friends. + Las Vegas. + Trump International Hotel. =Best weekend evarrrrr!. . The Trump is my favorite place to stay in Vegas thus far. My girlfriends and I stayed in a suite this past weekend and while I'm sure pleasing six ready-to-drink-and-party, friends-since-high-school girls isn't too difficult, we really enjoyed every minute of our visit.. . It's not directly on the strip but RIGHT off of it, behind the Fashion Show Mall. It also doesn't have a casino! This was a plus for me, because Vegas isn't a place you spend a lot of time in your hotel room, but when you do, you need some calm and quiet. I hate walking through loud and smokey casinos at 5 in the morning after a night of drinking, dancing, and all around debauchery, and all I want is to rest my head against something and close my eyes.. . The suites are fairly large, with a little kitchen and a pull out couch. The bathrooms are awesome - they have a huge shower, a phone next to the crapper and a TV built into the mirror. MTV cribs status. Definitely felt like I was ballin' outta control.. . We had a view of the pool, which was never crowded at all. I didn't use it myself because I'm a vampire, but my girlfriends enjoyed it. It's huge and there is plenty of seating. There was none of this beach club craziness with empty beer bottles and an island of puke floating around in the deep end. Although, there was a mermaid swimming around in it on Saturday. Yeah, a mermaid, with a tail and everything. Don't ask me.. . We ordered room service on Saturday and the food came up quickly, within about 20 minutes just like they said. And it wasn't ridiculously priced, which was a plus. The valet and housekeeping staff were were all very nice as well. I would definitely stay here again. +1 for the Donald!
My visit to Trump LV was unique...to say the least. We were a group of 11 staying at the PH Westgate Towers in a relatively huge suite w/ common suite amenities (large fridge, bar area w/ chairs, sink, dishes, etc. etc.). Regardless, I like to have a bed when I am in Vegas. I don't want to sleep on a pull-out, or on the floor, or on a chair. No thanks. . . Cutting to the chase. A friend and I get back to our suite at PH Towers (3:30AM).... beds, pull-outs, and couches are taken. Fuck this. I make my friend get her shit and start calling other hotels. I remember seeing a good rate at Trump a few weeks back and call their 800 number. (On a side note, how bad is AT&T service in Las Vegas?? This almost sabotaged our night.) We call up the Trump and they offer us a solid rate. Much better than the $269 from Bellagio.. . . Quick and fast cab ride around thestrip....Enter valet of Trump. Huge chandeliers line the gold ceiling above. To tell you the truth, everything I remember seeing was gold. Obviously over the top but not tacky at all. It was really one of the nicest entrances I've seen in LV. Not too crowded (day or night) and great service. . . Speaking of service.. . Did I mention that we were greeted with chilled water bottles at check in? At 4 in the morning? The woman who checked us in also escorted us to the elevators, gave us a detailed description of breakfast options, and explained to us the amenities at our disposal. We get put on floor 25. Awesome room. Awesome view of the strip. Very tasteful decor, huge king bed, big couch area, small kitchenette including sink, mini-fridge, standard utensils, small stove, oven...quite nice. . . Bathroom was huge with TV in mirror and gigantic bathtub. The shower was extremely spacious and the bath products were great smelling (much better than the crap at PH). Really enjoyed the size of the room but I think Trump suffers because they don't have any rooms with two queen beds!!! This is a must. Overall, I was extremely impressed with the rate, service, cleanliness, and roominess of the hotel. The building itself is stunning (coated with real gold) and the rooms are impressive. A great decision for the night... A full weekend next time.
Right up my alley! New, Non smoking, and Luxury!. . This place is right off the strip across the street from the mall. The lobby is very open and spacious with a restaurant and bar. The breakfast at the restaurant was great! The singers performing live in the lobby bar were a great addition. . . I stayed in a studio 1bedroom with a cozy King bed. I enjoyed a great view of All Of The Lights. The jacuzzi tub and TV built into the mirror in the bathroom were on point.. . I think my favorite feature was the wall of built in shelves for books and storage. Just nice! So Nice!
So we went to Surrender at Encore and were trying to catch a cab but the line was ridiculous so we decide to walk across the street to the little strip mall...bad idea no cabs...trump is the next closest so we proceed on our journey mean while the trump shuttle busts a U and says are you guys going to the Trump.  Why yes we say who doesnt love a free ride.  We get there he hooks us up with a suburban and drives up back to our hotel all for free.  We tipped him about $40 for his help but u cant beat that service.  I think the shuttle driver gave him the impression we were staying there and we didnt confirm nor deny.  But talk about service. Will def consider staying here next time!!
Stayed here for the last day of my Birthday Weekend and was made a fan! The hotel is very elegant and super chic!  . . - Check in was lovely, and Camille at the front desk was lovelier! We had just rushed checked out of ARIA and was looking a hot mess practically fresh from bed head and Camille was so sweet, courteous, and friendly! Even offering us a 4pm late check out before we even asked due to us telling her about ARIA's 12:30 late check out. . . - Lobby was beautiful and smelled amazingly fragrant! Kudos to the Donald (as my handsome love would say) and I want those Chandeliers! . . - Rooms were super spacious and very tastefully done! Loved the subtle colors and beige tones. . . - Bathroom was the best bathroom ever. Super big and those Jacuzzi tubs?????? My fella did not want to get out! practically fell asleep in it!   . . - Room service was yummy too! Thanks Tita Alma!. . - It's a little off strip unless you cut through the Fashion Show Mall but that place closes and if your walking back... goodluck! You're going to have to walk through some "deserted like" roads to access the hotel. there's always a TAXI tho. . . Overall great place to stay...looking forward to staying again!
The junior suite was what I would've imagine my New York posh loft to look like.  It was an amazing room, and if taking the whole bed was free, I would've loaded the car with it right away.. . I was at the contemporary suites at the MGM the night before and Trump blows it out of the water.  Not having a casino definitely changes the atmosphere, made it I guess, luxurious.
Pleasantly surprised! This review is based off getting the room through one of those discount websites (Priceline I think?), so we didn't pay full price for the room - which I hear is... well... a lot.. . Even though it's a bit removed from the strip (just a bit) it wasn't so far that we had to cab it anywhere. And honestly, it was nice to be a little removed from all the noise and people (hi, I'm 80). Also happy there was no casino and no smoking. Props Mr. Trump!. . The entrance was pretty, check in was seamless, and the room was NICE. I wasn't expecting a whole little kitchen area, but there it was - full of fancy, tiny appliances (Sub Zero, Wolf, William Sonoma...). And get this - there was a TV IN THE BATHROOM MIRROR. Come on, that's pretty swank. . . We were only there for one night, so I didn't get to fully enjoy the jetted tub, or the kitchenette, or the pool.  I would definitely stay there again though (but only at a discount). Nice decor. Nice staff. Good location. The Apprentice.
great staff all around. only exception was at the pool this am. poor service,took an hour to flag down the waitress. maybe just a bad day for her. all else great. perfect place to come back to after a long night out. Good to have a place to wash the of the dirt smut of the strip. Full of class and a considerate staff. Great jacuzzi tub, a place with class amongst a places with little class. Very nice hotel simple and  very upscale.
My husband and I stayed here for our 2nd anniversary. We loved this place! Luckily they were offering a travelzoo promotion where it was $89/week night and $110/weekend night, otherwise, based on price alone, we would have never considered staying here. We like the fact that there is no casino on the premises. No annoying cigarette smoke and having to walk past slot machine after slot machine to get to the elevators. Instead, the hotel lobby was shiny, spacious and glamourous. There's a piano player in the lobby and a nice quiet restaurant. The hotel staff that checked us in were very accomodating. We took a flight that arrived at 8:30am in to Vegas and my husband and I were prepared to just ditch our luggage at the hotel and wander the strip until they let us check it (figuring it wouldn't be until about 4pm); however, Janet* was wonderful and was able to check us in at 9am! They also upgraded us to a strip view from city view for free after we mentioned that it was our anniversary. What a great start to our little vacation! We got to take a little nap and get a head start on our anniversary activities =). The bed was so comfortable, I never wanted to leave. There's a little kitchenette in each room that almost makes you imagine for a second that you might want to live there. All the furniture is modern and the colors are very elegants and tastefully selected. The bathroom was very spacious although I wish we had more time to use the jacuzzi tub. They have gym that is never crowded. I think the 3 times I was there during our stay there were only 2 other people there at the same time. The spa was excellent and very private. I think we must have gone on weekend that wasn't busy because I felt like I had the whole spa to myself! The sauna and steam room were completely empty for the 3 hours I spent there. Roxanne was a great massage therapist and was so kind to listen to me vent about my stresses back at home. oh fyi, if you book a service, just pay for it at the spa because if you charge it to the room, they tack on an extra 18% for the convenience fee. The hotel offers free shuttles to Ceasars and the Wynn. I think they stop running to Ceasars at midnight and the the Wynn at 2am but they are both within walking distance. And to end on a good note, on our last day there, they allowed us a late check out at 4pm when it's usually 11am, no questions asked. Just a great place to stay.
i have stayed in many of the hotels on the strip. this is one of my favorites PERIOD. I love gambling, but I love coming back to an 4-5 star hotel after a long night of gambling/partying/shopping  that has no slot machines/tables and is also smoke free.. their bell service is phenominal along with their front desk. check in was very quick. after my girl and I checked in, we immediately got a call from the front desk if we had found our accomodations to our liking and to let them know if we had any problems.. it's convenient that there's also a shuttle from TRUMP to wynn/caesars throughout the daynight.. even their standard rooms have a stove, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, full size closets, beautiful bathroom/shower.. . cons: theres a loud train that comes by late at night. nothing you can do about it.
I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel a couple months back. The rooms are really nice, and the front desk reserved adjacent rooms for my group, which made it really convenient for us. The two rooms have their own private entrance. The room was very comfortable, and had plenty of amenities to keep your stay enjoyable. We did have a blonde moment on how to turn on the stove, so we had to call the operator to figure out how to make it functional. I found the tub/shower a little difficult to get in and out of. Our friends had a walk-in shower in their room, but we didnt. Odd. Other than that, pleasant service, free valet + tip, free shuttle service to Encore/Wynn, and overall a nice experience. The strip is just one block away, so you could easily walk to Las Vegas Blvd without feeling winded.
LOVE this place, we own two units in the building and its perfect for every time that we are in Vegas. I LOVE the level of service that the Trump has and enjoy it every time I'm in town. Our units are corner units on the 50&51st floor, when we wakeup and see the beautiful Vegas mountains it feels sooo nice! The fact that there are two bathrooms in each room is PERFECT, for when i want to get ready and the husband wants to take a dump haha. The Trump is luxery all the way. Wish we had one in Orlando so that I could live there!!
Best hotel I've ever been in. Ever! . . The Trump is just a hotel. No restaurants or casinos and its not on the strip but I would stay here again for many other reasons.. . I got a deal from Travelzoo, so we paid $300 for two nights. That's including fees and everything. For the price I didn't expect much, I knew it was a nice hotel because it was new... but I was quite surprised. IT'S BEAUTIFUL. The bathrooms and the rooms itself are huge, very spacious. The studio itself can probably fit five people COMFORTABLY. With A LOT of room to wiggle.. . Our studio had a kitchenette in it, everyday we get two free water bottles and coffee. (I heard some places had to pay for their coffee, RIDIC!). . FREE VALET!!!! For however long you want. We drove down from Cali, so this was a PLUS!. . Although not on the strip, the Trump offers a FREE shuttle to the strip. Takes about five minutes to get there.Concierge told us the shuttles come about every 10-15 minutes, but whenever I had to catch it, I never waited more than a minute. If you REALLY wanted to You could walk, it'd take about 15-20 minutes. I did it one night.. . Unless the price changes dramatically, this will be the go to place whenever I come to Vegas now!
We were booked four (Thur-Sunday) nights, originally in a regular room.  We lucked out on a luxury suite with a strip view on the 58th floor by being upgraded free for my birthday.   That definitely made the entire first-time experience in Vegas worth it!  The hotel has a pool deck with a cafe/restaurant H2eau, fitness center, which we didn't not utilize but was nice to have.  The pool area is very very nice, the pool is kind of small for a large hotel this size but the seating and lay-out areas were plenty to catch some sun.  We also didn't get to use this feature due to chilly weather in November.  Our suite had a small kitchenette, microwave, and fridge stocked with two bottles of water, and large enough to put our own drinks or food in.  The closets light up automatically and have two doors per closet... (yes two closets!)  Plenty of drawer space to put away clothes and belongings.  I was a bit disappointed that our cocktail shaker didn't have a top and that our room was missing bath robes and slippers.  No big, the staff was always very friendly and courteous in helping us get what we needed.  . The shuttles only go to the Whynn Hotel Resort and to the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.  However, if planned correctly you can always go to the Caesar's and walk on to the Bellagio or Planet Hollywood areas.  If not, you have to hop a cab from one of the resorts on the strip.  I recommend using Bell Trans shuttle for transport to and from the airport.  If you have questions, you can also ask your shuttle drivers at the Trump about destinations on the strip.  . Oh, not to mention the bathrooms in the suites have a jacuzzi!!!!!!  Nice plus to help you relax and rub down your sore feet after a night out on the town.  . I would definitely come to the Trump Las Vegas again, where there is value and luxury environment.  It's also directly across the street from the Fashion Show mall, so you're a hop, and a skip away from great shopping nearby.  A taxi from the airport will be approximately around $18-20 going locally, not on the highway.  . The best way to get around from here is to take the shuttles and walk or hail a cab.  Just depends if you're willing to go for a stroll and see the sights or not.. I would have loved to have tried their breakfast/ brunch near the main lobby.  I hear they have buffets set up on certain busy days.  We never quite got up early enough for this.
Just stayed at the nicest room ever in Vegas.  Everything was top notch.  Our suite had a kitchen, two bathrooms (one small bathroom and one huge master bathroom-TV in mirror and jacuzzi tub), large comfortable king sized bed, big living room/dining area.  The room had it all.  . Close to the main strip but not too close.  The hotel is about half a block from Las Vegas Blvd.  Take note.  The hotel does not have gaming.  The good thing about that is there wasn't any riff raff hanging around.. The view from our room was cool.  We had a corner room on the 21st floor.  We could see the pool area, the main strip and seedier parts of Vegas (ie. strip clubs) . If I can manage it.  I will stay here every time.  Period.  Trump does it right.
Still one of my favorite places to stay.  I stayed here last year for my birthday and got a free upgrade to a strip view.  This year, I wasn't so lucky even though it was my birthday, however, their service was wonderful.  Trump has this elegant classiness that makes it feel luxurious to stay here.  . . ...I felt bad that I had to continually asking for more and more towels, water, blankets, pillows and toilet paper (We had four girls in the room!).  But each time, the service was prompt and wonderful.  The doormen were always courteous and smiled every time they opened the door for us.  . . I just felt it was funny that they only replenish two bottles of water daily when we pay for the resort fee when they also know there are four people in the room.
I'm not sure what they pump in the vents at Trump...but it freaking smells AMAZING. A mixture of flowers and heaven. We speculate it has to do with the fact that there isn't a casino there...i.e. no gamblers sweating it out 24/7, no cigar/cigarette smoke, etc.. . The decor is simple and elegant and love the big crystal columns in the lobby. The beds are really comfortable, especially if you're hungover, or if you're Valerie G., the chair will suffice as well.. . Seriously Donald, you outdid yourself with this one.
Best place to stay in Las Vegas if you are searching for a classy place with great views and wonderful service. Outstanding!
Loved my stay here. In the future, I hope I can always stay here instead of on the Strip (if I can afford it :)). It's definitely a nice retreat after a day out on the bustling strip. In my opinion, the free valet parking, free wifi, and bottles of water make it REALLY stand out as a hotel that emphasizes on a pleasant experience for the customer. The fitness center was well-equipped and clean, and I was glad that complimentary earphones are provided for watching TV on the machines since I hadn't thought to bring mine. The pull-out sofa beds are also a huge plus if you are there with a group. I used their tea kettle (Le Creuset!) to heat up water in the morning and the fridge kept our leftovers fresh.. . Little things here and there weren't perfect - no robes in the room, no newspaper on the first morning, and lights in closets didn't work - but they were all extremely minor things that I didn't care about enough to call. The positives definitely outweigh and it was a great experience.
I booked 2 rooms at this hotel on a Thursday night for $80 through Priceline and when we arrived I felt like a genius. To backtrack, my mother and father are not gamblers, are in fact contemptuous of Las Vegas -- they were merely in Las Vegas to gather their wits to fly home, after spending a few days prior at Death Valley. The front desk service was great, they upgraded us to Strip views. No charge; we merely mentioned we were exhausted. And the rooms were far and above the usual rooms (MGM, Planet Holleywood, Mandalay Bay, not to mention the lesser hotels such as Luxor). Great, plush furniture; coffee in the room; fantastic views; and a flat-screen television. The kicker though: A TV in the mirror in the bathroom! Finally the treatment I deserve; a man's lavatory should be his castle. . Yes, you can't gamble at the Trump. (In Las Vegas, does anything say class than not being able to gamble at your own hotel?). You also feel safe there -- like a twenty-something jackass with a brazen handle of Jack Daniel's wouldn't make it 10 paces into the place, hotel card-key or not. . Trump charges a resort fee; so does every other hotel/casino in Las Vegas.
It was a nice experience to be here the first night in Vegas.  Very beautiful lobby, no casino I think makes it relaxing. The room had double doors to enter then had a private hallwayentrance sharing it with another room. made it very quiet. had view of Fashion show mall and a ton of palm trees. I decided to veg out the night I stayed there and not go out on the town had a marathon race the next day to. Very comfortable studio suite living area kitchen, big bathroom shower. Very modern and clean Marble in bathroom, giant jaccuzzi, tv in mirror good sound. Very relaxing. Ordered the potroast was very hearty and plenty, had a chicken noodle soup very tasty and a ice cream sundae was great to. when I come back to Vegas I will be sure to come back. they charge a 20 dollar a day resort fee for internet and health club and parking.
After my penthouse suite (and site of my wedding on 11/11//11) at THEhotel was given away to Manny Pacquiao & his entourage 8hrs before the ceremony, my awesome friends booked a penthouse here instead w/ 4hrs to spare.  . . 62nd floor (your ears popped going up the elevator), 3000sqft, seperate wings, fully functional kitchen, library, and a master suite to die for- this was SO much better than what I was supposed to have at THEhotel. Everything was impeccable: service, decor, feel, comfort, function, cleanliness.  Donald Trump knows how to make you feel like a million bucks.  . . Worth every penny and am forever grateful to them for saving my wedding day!
Trump is now my new go-to place for Vegas accommodations for the following reasons:. . 1.) The entrance is literally directly across from Nordstrom at the Fashion Show mall. I spent more time shopping than at the gaming tables, somehow that feels wrong for a Vegas vacation.. . 2.) The doors to the rooms consist of a double entry system: The 1st door opens into a small foyer connecting to 2 individual suites. Keeps the noise out and my precious Panda from barking at every elevator ding and random passerbyer.. . 3.) Pet friendly! Although the rate is a bit steep ($200 per stay, max 2 dogs / 50lbs each) but since Panda is such a sweet tempered and tiny little thing, we negotiated the rate down to $100. Pet amenities included, such as doggie bowls, treats and bed.. . 4.) 4pm checkout affords an after-lunch nap while avoiding the LA-bound traffic jam at noon. . . 5.) The lobby is delightfully fragranced with some sort of heavenly scent, I'm guessing a jasmine / lychee blend. If only my house smelled like this.. . . 6.) Non-gaming and most importantly...Smoke free! Now my coats can go back in my closet rather than straight to the drycleaner.. . 7.) The view from our room was fantastic. The elevator was lightning fast, and I kept getting small bouts of motion sickness after each ride but I suppose that's a small price to pay for having such a fabulous view of the city lights.. . I love this place, I probably would not consider staying anywhere else from now on.
Haaahaaaa. . I had my very own Hangover moments here and from what I remembered, I had a fricken great time! lol. . Had our annual Christmas party slash birthday party for a homie in one of their suites 2 floors from the top.. DENG, that suite was SWEEEET!!!!! Full kitchen. 2 bedrooms, 2 huuuge baths! The bathroom alone was bigger than my room. Their closets were bigger than my closets.Super soft beds and comforters! They has stand up showers and hot tub. AND the best part of big bathrooms: FREE TOILETRIES! (I like to stock up on these for travel).. . . The only downfall of the hotel was the lack of parking structure. Valet only.
Here is my outlook on the Trump International Hotel:. . PRO: . -Comfy ass bed complete with thick memory foam. Oh baby.. -Kitchen in suite! That includes a stove and a fridge! Pretty snazzy.. -Art books on the shelves to read and interesting art sculptures. . . CON: . -NO casino. The friends that I went with wanted to stay in a hotel without a casino because of the smoke. The hotel was cool because it didnt smell like cigs, but no casino? :[ I was a sad panda. What is this asian girl supposed to do when its 3am and you cant sleep? Le sigh!. -While there was a full kitchen, the toaster in our room was broken (RIP my poptart).. . Definitely a clean hotel and the service was great. The rooms were very spacious and well taken care of. While this is not usually my go to place when I go to vegas, it is not bad for the price. There is also a complimentary shuttle that takes you to Caesars Palace for shopping or Wynn for some gambling or clubbing.
Got a great deal from Travelzoo, $79/night plus $20 resort fee.  Valet was efficient, just the cost of a tip.  Check in excellent.  Room was large, with a little kitchen, and large and beautiful bathroom.  Free and fast internet, free daily newspaper delivery, and free in room coffee.  All things that are normally unheard of for that price per night.
The Donald sure does know how to make you feel like a million bucks!  This hotel is amazing and I love how there is no casino inside!! The staff was very friendly and attentive from check in till check out! The pool and spa are nice as hell too! If you book on hotels.com you can find some cool reasonable rates and surprisingly get some serious bang for your buck... So yea, I'll definitely be staying at the Trump again when I'm Vegas!
Unbelievable. We were offered a strip view upgrade room when we checked in and thought: What the heck. So we wound up on the 57th floor with a full on view of the strip and all of the hotels. Million dollar view. Room was just as fantastic. Jaccuzi soaking tub, Italian walk in shower, basic kitchenette, comfortable bed. About as good as it gets. We hung out at the pool on New Years eve. The hotel put on a nice party. But we wound up ordering pizza to the room to watch the fireworks and passed on partying with 500,000 our best friends on the strip. Big plus for us was no casino in the hotel so we could skip the smoke and noise. Downside is it is a 15 minute walk to the Palazzo and Venetian the nearest casino's. Diane just said; "One of the best places we have ever stayed. Donald would be pleased."
This hotel is nice. The staff is quite attentive, rooms were top-shelf, and it's right across the street from Fashion Show Mall.
I really love this hotel. One of my all-time favorites in Vegas. Best hotel that is strictly a hotel in Vegas. No Casino.  4 PM CHECKOUT People!. . Wynn is right across from it, less than a mile, walk so it's not so bad if you want to gamble.  Can't believe people knock it just for that...come on people don't be lazy!!! . . Rooms.. -Rooms are all Suites, with kitchenette fully stocked, stove, dishes, fridge, Flat Screen TVs, good TV channels, nice little iPod stereo, and kept up well.  . -Comfortable Bed and couches to sit in.. -There is even a TV in the bathroom mirror. Yes..flush against the mirror right in the middle. . -Bathroom has double sinks and is bright so when getting ready you can actually see yourself. . -Have a vanity mirror. Important for getting ready. . -This is a perfect hotel for the regulars and business peeps that have a system down for their Vegas experience.. . Other Top Reasons why.. . 1) Customer service is exceptional. 2) Best smelling hotel ever. So fresh...so clean. . 3) As with all hotels in Vegas, valet is free, but since it is not crazy big..wait isn't as long for the car.. 4) Location is right across from Fashion Show Mall...so during the day it's a quick walk over. . 5) If you drive like most LA peeps and use your car to get around during the day, skip the hassle with parking valet for quick returns to the room and park in the carport across at the mall, run across to your room, do what you have to do, then walk back and quickly get into your car. Kind of convenient for the impatient people like myself.. 6) Starbucks, Teavana, and last minute deal tickets booth right across at Fashion Show Mall.. 7) Close to all the hottest clubs in Vegas. 4PM CHECKOUT!. . That's it...the lucky seven. Have fun people...good luck!
The rooms are epic....the view from floor .52 corner suite will leave a memory unfetched
I really, really liked this hotel.  No casino and NO SMOKING!  Loooooove that after having to chew the air in places like Mirage and Harrah's.  I like this it's close enough to the Strip; Wynn is right across the street...an easy walk, or take the free Trump shuttle there.  Very nice.... . I really like our room; very comfy, up on the 57th floor overlooking the Encore and Wynn and looking towards the Stratosphere; the bed was totally comfy; the kitchenette w/fridge was handy; we each had our own lit closet; the bathroom was huge with a tv in the mirror.. . This place was awesome and we would most definitely stay there again :). . BTW, I only heard the train whistle once, very muted, on only the first night.
We like to gamble and party pretty well in Vegas, but we loved that this place was peaceful and a close walk to wynn/venetian/ti. terrific rooms and ameneties. special shout out to the fact that i left my purse in the hotel room, which they fed ex'd back to me. where else in vegas would you get your belongings returned within a week. great customer service!
Beautiful hotel. The room was spacious, gorgeous, and well cleaned out. The service was impeccable. I very much enjoy the fact that there is no casino in the hotel, so it definitely seems a lot different from other hotels in Vegas. Granted, it is a little bit off the strip, but it's definitely nice to walk into a hotel without all the loud ringing. . . I am definitely coming back, and next time with my dog. They have separate pet services in this hotel! YES!
This hotel was perfect for a recent bachelorette party.  I had booked the hotel through Hotwire, and was initially disappointed that we did not get a hotel on the Strip, and that there was no casino.  Though not often willing to admit it, I was totally wrong!  The location was GREAT (5 minute walk to the strip), and the lack of casino was a blessing, given that I probably wouldn't have had enough money to get my car out of the airport parking lot had a casino been readily available. . . The real stars here were:. . 1. The service - the hotel car service was WONDERFUL for those 4 AM pick-ups, and they even took us to the airport.  Cabs will top out at 5 people per ride, but their service could accomdate all 7 of us in one ride.  Cesar, Vince and Tommy all took excellent care of us, and tolerated our banter - and singing - remarkably well.  . . 2. The room size - they are HUGE and have kitchenettes.   We opted for a one bedroom upgrade, plus a standard studio.  The one-bedroom has an extra bathroom (with a shower), which was clutch.. . 3. Check out time - 4:00 PM.  Need I say more?  I have never seen a standard check-out time this late.  Note - this is not a published time, but if you ask for it when you check in, it will be granted. . . In short, I would definitely stay at this hotel again.
This hotel is beyond luxury! Nestled about a mile and a half away from the Wynn and the famous fun filled Strip and directly across the street from Fashion Show Mall is the beautiful luxurious Trump Hotel and a place that I was excited to call home for 3 nights and 4 fun filled days!!. . Not knowing where we were staying, I was a bit confused on where we were going after we exited the highway. Took a couple of turns here, a turn there and came upon the biggest tower I have seen (well outside of the city center hotels). There sparking in the night sky was our hotel! Note to guests staying here: There is no self-parking, only valet parking. . . The Valet staff was beyond professional each time we were there, and did not keep us waiting long for our car.. . After handing over our keys, we gathered our things and went into the lobby to check in. The door attendant held the door open for us and said Good Evening and Welcome! Wow, a girl could sure get use to this kind of service! Walking into their grand lobby (no joke this was huge... huge as in I could do multiple cartwheels without running into anything).. . Big beautiful and bright chandeliers hung high above and the scent of jasmine filled the lobby (as well as the hallways). The front desk attendant was sweet she also welcomed us and asked how our trip was. After checking us in she gave us free bottles of water, explained that there is a resort fee that is charged each day that will allow us to use the internet, have free bottles of water and covered the valet parking as well as access to their fitness area. We were told we would be on the 24th floor in a Suite; she then took the time to come away from her desk and show us where our elevator was. . . This hotel has a swanky looking bar but no casino, which is nice not to inhale the second hand smoke each time you enter or leave.. . Now onto our humble suite: . We were towards the end of the hall, which was nice and we did not have any neighbors to the left or the right of us either! Entering into our suite, we had a private entry into the first door, a mini hallway, then our door and our neighbor's door to the right of us.. . Walking into our suite: I do not know what hit the ground first, my jaw, my eyes or ummmm ummm never mind! This place was perfect and fit for a cupcake princess!. . It had a living room. An oversize comfortable looking bed with fluffy pillows. A full kitchen with high-end appliances.. Sub Zero Fridge . Big closets. Hi def TVs in the bedroom, and even a TV in the incredibly huge bathroom (make that a TV in the mirror).. The bathroom had marble floors and was oversized. Shower could host a huge party. The first night we took showers, it took about 15mins for the hot water to kick in.... A nice deep whirlpool tub in the bathroom that could fit two or more!. . . This suite was immaculate!. . . No complaints about this hotel, we would totally stay here again! Only thing that happened was around 4:30-7:00am there is a train that passes through and the horn is loud, how loud you ask? Loud enough to wake the dead or the passed out drunk party people!  By night 2, I slept through it. Just be prepared is all!
This is where you want to be if you want a piece of paradise in the city of sin - no casino, no smoking. Rest assured your weave won't smell like an ashtray! They also have Scent Air Green Bamboo oozing through the vents so it smells like heaven as soon as you walk in. I've stayed at this hotel a few times and always refer my friends and family. The service is ALWAYS an A++++ and pricing is usually comparable. 24-hour room service (food, although pricey is worth every penny), spa on site, gym and pool are all added bonuses. . . The rooms - talk about SPACIOUS, suites with fully stocked kitchens, 2 full bathrooms (yes, ladies you don't have to worry about a shower schedule!) the decor is modern with a touch of luxury and class. King sized beds that you melt in. Extra bonus for the ladies: The lighting is also really good  and mirrors are plentiful so when you're getting dolled up for the night you know your face and your hair is definitely going to be on point. Wifi and bottled water are also included with the resort fee. . . This classic hotel is also across from the Fashion Show Mall so if you need some last minute items or just want to splurge on a shopping spree its just outside your doorstep. . . A definite recommendation from me especially for those necessary ladies trips or romantic getaways. . . Ps. Nerlie Walters has to be the best host at the hotel- if you're lucky to get her tell her I referred you.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for the St. Patrick's day weekend.  We had a one bedroom suite facing the strip.  It had a kitchen with stainless steel fridge; dishwasher; microwave; and an electric stove.  . . This hotel doesn't have a casino.  There's a barely traceable citrus scent that lingers throughout the hotel lobby.  I didn't appreciate this until I returned from walking through casinos with stench of cigars and cigarettes.  . . Trump International Hotel is truly a first class hotel with attention to details.  Take for instance the hair-dryer...  It was high powered, light-weight, with a long extension cord.  There was a lighted make up mirror in the bathroom and a wash cloth in the shower.  Theclosets have lights that automatically turn on when you open them.  There are dual shower heads in the master shower, and there's a t.v. embedded in the bathroom mirror.. . Service was impeccable.  Kimberly at the front desk was especially personable and helpful.  Free wifi and complimentary water bottles in the room.  Cell phone reception is patchy.
My wife and I loved the Trump Hotel. We didn't want to leave. We've visited Las Vegas 39 times so we've stayed in many of the hotels. We upgraded to a large corner suite on the 47th floor. We thought we would miss having a casino. However, we didn't. It was nice to be in a non-smoking building away from the casino. We enjoyed the pool and tried the restaruant. They were both nice. The location was across the street from the mall and down the street from the Wynn. We spent sometime in both. We'll definately stay at the Trump Hotel again.
I use to love staying at the Palazzo, until we stayed at the Trump International.  My hubby decided I needed a nice little weekend getaway and one of our favorite spots is Vegas.  We found a nice deal on Travel Zoo and stayed for two nights on Friday 3/2/12 and Saturday 3/3/12 in their One Bedroom, Premium Corner Suites with a view of the Strip.  LOVED OUR SUITE!!!  We were on the 47th floor and our living room and bedroom windows sat facing the Palazzo, Wynn and Encore!  . . Some of the things I loved about the Trump that separates itself from the other 5 Star Hotels in Vegas is that their suites offer more privacy, peace and quiet.  In order for you to get to your suite, you have to go through double doors, which lead you to a small hallway, that leads you to the door to your suite, thus ensuring that you do not hear people slamming their doors, or walking/talking up and down the hallways etc. etc.  I love that each suite has doorbells, so that you don't have to deal with people knocking on your door.  Also, as opposed to the old school style way of placing a sign on your door to show when your room is ready for housekeeping or if  you want privacy, the Trump goes high tech.  In each suite, there is a key pad that you simply press when you need housekeeping or want privacy.  This in turn is reflected on your room number out in the hallway.  (Please see my pic for reference).  . . Our one bedroom corner suite totally rocked.  It had a really nice kitchen equipped with a Sub Zero fridge, dishwasher, stove, tea kettle, coffee maker, complimentary bottle water, martini shaker, blender, microwave and toaster!  All the comforts of home in a 5 star hotel I tell you.  I loved that we had a roomy living room with a comfy couch and flat screen TV.  Our suite also had two bathrooms (with showers in each).  The master bathroom was AWESOME!!!  HUGE!  With a nice window facing downtown Vegas from the jacuzzi tub!  The jacuzzi tub btw, was huge and could easily fit two adults!  :) Perfect to have after spending a night on the town!  The TV in the  bathroom mirror was a nice touch by the way.  Double sinks, huge shower that can fit like 4 people.  . . The bedroom had lighted double closets and a large, super comfy king sized bed and a sitting area.  I loved how the bedroom had windows that wrapped around the room where we nice views of the Strip and downtown too.  . . Service was friendly, but slow at times (especially valet).   The gym was small, but efficient, clean and well kept.  The hotel itself is non-gaming, non smoking and the  air is perfumed.   Another plus is that the hotel is located directly across the street from the Nordstom's entrance of the mall.  :). . Would I recommend?  YES!. Would I stay again?  Without a doubt!. Does it compare with the Palazzo?  It "trumps" the Palazzo!
Across the street from a shopping area, walking distance from Wynn buffet and XS, smoke-free, no casino in the lobby, new, clean... what more can you ask for?  . . The bf found an amazing deal for the Trump tower online for $89 a night (excluding resort fees and taxes).  When we arrived at the front desk, the woman who was checking us in offered us a complimentary upgrade to a suite with a strip view.  What a great way to start off the weekend!  Bf generously tipped her $20 and she seemed really happy. :)  Our room on the 43rd floor was spacious, clean, and had a great view of Encore and Wynn.  We had a mini-kitchen with an electric stove, a microwave, a mini-fridge, sink and basic utensils.  We didn't cook, but it was nice in case we wanted to boil some water or heat up our food.  Our bathroom was large with a separated section for the shower and the toilet.  The best part was the jet tub which came in handy after a long night in heels!  . . The service was great.  I loved that there was a button you could push for maid service or privacy because I always forget to put that paper on the door knob.  At first, my bf had a gripe against the extra $20 resort fee, but when he found out that price included a shoe shine, he didn't seem to mind.  . . My only complaint about our room was the bed.  It was WAY too soft for me.  The middle part of my body just sank and i felt awkward when I laid down.
Fantastic Location, close to shopping (Forever 21, topshop, starbucks, etc....), we upgraded ourselves to a Suite, and I recommend doing it if you get the option.  The Suite is 1000 sq ft (vs. 550+ for a room), comes with s Sub-Zero fridge for your frosty beverages, a jacuzzi in the bathroom, and one way mirrors so you can run by the windows in various states of undress.  On top of that, they have a shuttle or you can walk to the Wynn (right around the corner) so if you feel like going for a nicer buffet, placing some sports bets, or getting to the strip, it's not a problem.  I would definitely recommend the Trump to any of my other friends that go and feel like it holds good for the "go-out" for the wild time (in close proximity) but keep the hotel a bastion of peace in the chaos that is Vegas.  The pool is good (not amazing) but the service is great and everyone did a good job of making us feel welcome.
STAY HERE! The boyfriend and I stayed here for one night, we got a king size strip view room & it was definitely worth the small upgrade fee. The view was ridiculous! I'm so sad I didn't take a pic :( The employees were very attentive, at check-in our guy made sure to give us a high level room for the best view. The bed was super comfy, the fridge came in handy, the robe is like wearing a blanket, & the spa tub was super relaxing (i brought my own bubble bath) ;) one draw back.... i found a used pantie liner in the toilet but the hotel waived my resort fee for this disgusting over-site. All in all the robe & tub would make me stay here again! ooohhhh ya and free wifi
I LOVE the Trump! Right before you walk in, it already smells of jasmines, or something, but it DEFINITELY smells good! This is probably one of my favorite hotels of all time in Las Vegas. I've never had a problem!. . They make the pull out couch so comfy too! They put an extra comforter on top, which makes you feel like you're just sleeping on the bed. That's a plus for the ones that get the pull out! . . The BEST part is, if you ask early enough, and if the hotel isn't booked, you have 4pm check out! Free of charge too. . . I highly recommend the Trump!
rooms are very spacious and all offer plenty of room to sleep and futons. oh and the shuttle is great too
Stayed at the trump on memorial day weekend and really like this hotel even though there is no casino. It is a well designed hotel, smells great, well appointed lobby and non smoking . I have to say the service is excellent, very clean and spacious rooms with top quality beds and appliances. Cleaning service available at your request, nice gym, nice pool, free shuttle to Ceasars or Wynn. Best of all, they gave me a room complimentary upgrade.
I love this hotel.. Great service, great rooms, great views and an incredible bathtub! I stay here almost every time I'm in Vegas depending on the price and have never had a bad experience. They usually upgrade me to a nicer room and the staff is always prompt and friendly. The bathroom is great and the bed is more comfortable then most! I also appreciate the lack of a casino. The only down side is the doors to the room are heavy and noisy so you can hear when your neighbor comes in and out but it could be worse! They also have a great radio/iPod dock so you can listen to your favorite jams while you get ready for the night. The moderately sized fridge and mini kitchen are also great for pre-partying as is the seating area so everyone can come over. The taxi to/from the airport isn't cheep but sometimes they will offer you the house car and it was much less expensive for the 6 of us rather then getting 2 taxis.. A great value and great hotel!
This hotel absolutely exceeded my expectations! First of all, the service is amazing, starting the valet guys, concierge, housekeeping...everyone is so professional, firendly and so nice. We gotpromt service in our room, at the cabana, they even gave us a courtesy ride in a hotel car to a restaurant off the strip. . . The thing that is different, but I thought good about this hotel is that there is no casino, which to me only means a shorter walk to the elevator and up to the room while i'm drunk :) It is generally quieter and more relaxed than other hotels on the strip, the pool is small but still nice, not super loud or crazy crowded like the venetian pool, for example. . . Also, a slight downside is the distance it is from the strip, but it is super close to the Wynn and they have a shuttle that goes there as well as Cesar's palace so it really was not as bad as I expected. And parking is valet only. . . Would
This was by far the nicest hotel we have ever stayed in. We came to Vegas for our 1 year anniversary. What's nice about the Trump is that it is extremely close to the strip, but not on the strip. There is no casino, so it is quiet and the rooms are super nice. We paid $89/night for a comfortable bed (and I am picky with my beds), a kitchenette with pots, pans, a stove, fridge, and microwave over. A JACUZZI TUB! with a separate large shower and toilet. A TV embedded in the bathroom mirror, which in my opinion was a waste although it was cool. A thing to be aware of is that there is a mandatory resort fee of $25/night which includes WiFi and a free shuttle to the Wynn and Cesars Palace. They also have free valet.. . This hotel also has a large pool, a kids pool area, and 2 jacuzzis outside.
What can I say this pace is something different. No casinowhich is great, next to the mall (which my wife loves). The rooms are amazing, great service from the moment you walk in! If I'm not staying at a relatives house I definitely try to stay here.
Never went into the rooms, but the pool was awesome. I went with some friends who have a boss that was staying there and had rented out 2 cabanas, which was SO MUCH FUN!!! Poolside service was great. Aneisha was our waitress and she was so accommodating and such a sweetheart. The fruit bowls are expensive, but delicious and a great mix (pineapple, cantaloupe, honeydew melon, watermelon, blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, and one other type of berry I can't remember but it resembles a raspberries but a blueish color). Sandwiches were SO simple, yet tasty (BLT!!!). Pina Coladas weren't bad either :)
LOVE this place.....for me it was a relief since there is NO smoking anywhere in the building.....AMEN! . The room had plenty of space with a mini kitchen - fridge you can use at no charge and free water!  The bathroom is amazing...I enjoy taking a bubble bath while watching TV!. Only con: it is a walk! We always crossed through the mall to get to the strip, it wasn't bad at all. It really is just 1 block off the strip and has so many other things going for it!
I can remember last year fondly, albeit a little vaguely due to my constant alcohol induced mind. I decided that I wanted to savor life, and enjoy each and every waking moment, which meant one thing of course: to visit a little oasis in the midst of the desert that is aptly named "Sin City." Last year, I decided to pay a visit to this gem of a town not once, not twice, but a whopping THREE times.. . My friend from California decided to visit me in Arizona, and since he exudes innocence, I decided that I should corrupt him with epileptic lights, and casinos that reek of cigarettes and regret. However, I decided to mix in a little spontaneity and instead of booking directly on a casino website, I decided to gamble on Hotwire and see what hotel I would get as a result. After careful sleuthing, especially with the disclaimer that it indeed was NOT a casino, I knew we were going to be spending one luxurious night at the Trump. I was ecstatic, and so was my friend. After gently prodding my roommate to accompany us, we were ready to proceed with our whirlwind trip.. . Five hours later, we arrived. We had a bellhop generously help us with our luggage, and had our doors held for us as we entered. Strangely enough, I felt like Kevin Mcallister when he entered the Plaza Hotel. After being offered an upgrade for an additional fifty dollar charge, we kindly rejected the offer and went up to our room. And my, what a room it was! It was like our own mini studio apartment. The bathroom was to die for. There was a shower for some sexy time, a bath tub with jets, and a mandatory toilet for....well, you know. After playing some sleazy drinking games, we decided to head towards the strip. The whole night was a blur. I vaguely remember my friend saying that he was sleepy so he decided to end the night early, and I decided to drink celebratory shots for no apparent reason with my roommate. At two in the morning, we briefly ate and then spent our night soaking our hurting feet in the tub.. . The next morning is when all the trouble began. I was extremely hungover, and my friends were hungry so we utilized the free shuttle to Caesar's palace, and ate. My stomach was churning, my head was throbbing, so I didn't savor my food so I left my friends there and took the shuttle back. Thankfully, I didn't have to wait long. The next couple of hours were sheer agony for me. I was indebted with gratitude that they let me do a late check-out, and by the time I actually could function, it was  four thirty in the afternoon. They did not try to charge us, or reject my plea for late checkout.. . All in all, I loooooved this hotel. I will stay again. You do get what you pay for. Fortunately, I didn't have to cleanse my life savings out of my wallet out for a night's stay due to Hotwire! I will stay again. However, my liver has thoroughly suffered my Vegas craze of 2011, so I will not be paying another visit for quite some time. Hopefully the world doesn't end by then. (*insert sarcasm.*)
What a nice hotel! My husband and I were lucky to score a really good deal on a room via hotwire.com and it was our first time staying on the northside of the Strip. We got a strip-view room on the 49th (eep!) floor, and we were immediately impressed as soon as we walked through the door. Everything is plush, from the bathroom to the bed to the closets. One of my favorite things was the TV built into the mirror in the bathroom (I kinda want to get one at home now, it was awesome to be able to watch the news while I got dressed!) The bed was exceptionally comfortable and I loved how all of the bathroom products smelled. One thing to keep in mind if you're planning to stay here is that there is no casino in this hotel, but they do have free shuttles to the Wynn and Caesar's Palace. My husband and I just walked across the street to the Wynn ourselves, but for those who don't want to venture far to hit the slots, the shuttle is the way to go. I highly recommend this hotel to those who want a bit of luxury while staying in Vegas. The Donald runs a fancy place!
4.5 stars. -0.5 for the loud train that passes by early morning hours. Yes, the train is quite loud but its Vegas! Chances are you will sleep right through it. But that one aspect aside, the Trump International is a great place to stay. The building is gorgeous, and the interior ambiance and decor is gorgeous! You are always happy when you step into the Lobby because it smells like Chanel perfume-so refreshing in Vegas! The staff is great and very helpful. Even housekeeping provided excellent service. We didn't get a chance to visit the pool or restaurants, but the rooms alone are convincing enough for staying. All the rooms are extremely specious and there's so many places for storage. The jacuzzi is huge and so is the shower! And the beds are highly comfortable-like sleeping on a cloud. Overall, my stay has been absolutely amazing and worry free. You also get free shuttle to the WYNN and CAESARS which is very convenient. Yes, you do pay $25/a day resort fee and $86 upon leaving but your stay will be very enjoyable.
Stayed one night, not my choice. Paid $109. Great deal. Check in easy and very friendly. Hotel clean and no casino noise and slime and no ciggy smoke. Room big and beautiful. Lots of bonuses: bottled water, decent free coffee, big clean bathroom, comfortable bed, fridge and even a range and kitchen supplies. Forgot toothpaste, delivered right away. Tv not working: friendly staff there to fix and given free movie for inconvenience. Great staff here.  Really nice place here.  However, Donald Trump makes me gag.
My favorite place to stay in Vegas when I want to be away from the casinos. Free wifi, gym, and pool. The spa is wonderful as well as the staffand the restaurant.  Not to mention each room has a kitchenette along with plenty of closet space. Definitely highly recommended!
I've stayed at a lot of hotels in Vegas.  I go on a regular basis since I live in SLC.  I LOVE The TRUMP.  The price is awesome.  The staff is great.  The rooms are wonderful.  There was only one time we had a minor hiccup where they got my husband a handicapped room.  He hated he had to duck down for the shower head.  He just wanted a room change and they upgraded us to a beautiful one bedroom suite at no extra cost.  I LOVE their 4pm checkout because it gives us plenty of time to rest before we hit the road back.
I'm a bit biased as I used to own a unit here. But, it is a great hotel.. . - No smoking anywhere. No small thing for a Vegas hotel.. - Easy access to rooms from Lobby. Most large Vegas hotels have a casino maze that you are forced to find your way through.. - All the rooms have kitchenettes and are pretty large for a hotel room.. - Clean, classy and quiet.. - Next to Wynn and Encore -- tip: Wynn has a great buffet. - Next to the mall . . Avoid rooms on the West side of the hotel. North side gives you mountain views (I like them personally), South side is pool and strip views (the prime views), East side is a view of the Encore and mountains. . . The pool area is relatively small and there is no self parking and the annoying resort fee that most Vegas hotels have these days. But otherwise a great hotel. I don't recommend purchasing a unit here though - they simply make no $, better to just rent a night when you want it than to "own".
If you are looking for a classy, luxurious, upscale, and quiet getaway inthe heart of Las Vegas, the Trump is your best bet. The location is a couple blocks off the strip, but they offer shuttle buses which take you to the Wynn and Caesars Palace that run every 15 minutes. The Trump is right across the street from the fashion mall if you want to get some shopping done. Not to mention, NO CASINOS and NO SMOKING. Yippee!. . This place deserves its five star rating. When you first get there, you notice the spectacular service right away with the valet. They are professional and courteous. As you walk into the lobby, you thank Donald Trump for his thought and attention to detail. Lights, chandeliers, upscale fixtures and beautiful furniture. . . My boyfriend and I stayed there for three nights in a 1 bedroom suite. The room was huge and spacious, with a kitchenette. I wonder how many people actually use the kitchen... Why would you cook at Vegas??? The bed was the most comfortable bed we have ever stayed in, and you find it hard to pull yourself out of bed in the morning. The bathroom is spacious with a double vanity sinks and a tv screen in the mirror. And the view is absolutely amazing. Hint: the higher up your room is, the greater the view of the strip. . . We were too busy to visit the spa or jump into the pool, but both amenities looked very nice. What really makes the Trump so memorable is the great service you get here that is nonexistent anywhere else.  . . I highly recommend the Trump to everyone.
Had a blast in Vegas .THE ROOMS ROCKED  !!! Bathroom was beautiful and so close to the new big mall .I would stay there again it feels like Vegas and it doesn't smell like Vegas lol !!Stay at the trump it is awesome ;) PS: they don't bug you at all it felt like it was my place lol
We stayed at this hotel for three nights because we got a great price on the rooms.  There is a resort fee that is charged above and beyond the room fee.  Long check in line but they did serve ice cold bottles of water and offered 5 minute chair massages.  Nice touch.  Check in time is 3PM (we got to the front desk at 3:15PM).  Check out time is 4PM... thus our suite was not ready.  We had to sit in the lobby for 30 minutes and wait for our room to be ready.  We had to get back on the line toget room keys.  The second person who helped us upgraded us to a corner suite.  Beautiful room.  We met the housekeeper on the way to the room - truly wonderful lady!!  Room was neat and clean and HUGE! . . The three young men in the room next to us were causing minor problems (nothing too bad by Vegas standards) but Trump took guest complaints very seriously!!!  Two security guards and one manager showed up quickly and the problem folks were removed from the hotel.  . . No casino, no real restaurant (few seats in "living room style" atmosphere), no real commotion - nice quiet luxury hotel.  We visited the bar once - great signature martini's and nice service.  They do provide shuttle service to the Wynn and Ceasars.  Right across the street from restaurants and shopping.  Room service was pricey but that's a given in Vegas.  They do allow dogs!  This is a non-smoking hotel.
I was here with my husband over the weekend. We ABSOLUTELY love this hotel. We are never staying anywhere else. The hotel is clean and the rooms are sooo nice and well kept. Service is also great! The pool is nice and the crowd is decent. Thanks trump for another memorable weekend with you. You made our trip even more special.
What a great hotel! It was probably the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at. Very fancy shmancy! I appreciated the fact that there wasn't a casino in the hotel like most of the other hotels is Vegas. It was a nice place to come back to after a night of gambling, clubbing, drinking, and whatever other shenanigans the strip had to offer. . . The room was gorgeous! It felt like a condo. The bathroom was huge! It had a large walk in shower and tub. Both could easily fit 4 people! There was a little kitchen area, complete with microwave, dishwasher, stove top, and dishes and utensils. The bed was super plush and comfortable. However, I slept on the pull out sofa bed most of my stay there and it was actually pretty comfortable. Just don't try to fit another person in the bed; it's not so comfortable at that point. . . There's a shuttle to the Wynn and Caesar's Palace. My friends and I took full advantage of the shuttle service. All the drivers were so kind and friendly. My friends and I chatted up all of them and asked for advice and recommendations. Not only were the drivers really nice, the entire staff at the Trump were great! We were always greeted with a smile. One evening we were heading to the Rio for dinner and one of the managers called one of their cars for us instead of a cab. It seemed like such a small gesture but truly appreciated. . . Last but not least, the pool. It was a very quiet pool with more families than party people. It was actually relaxing to sit by or in the pool instead of worrying about how I looked or if everyone was judging me. I definitely do not need a Vegas-style pool party. . . I would most definitely stay at the Trump again!
Dude, this place was PIMP!   The room itself was HUGE and easily bigger than most apartments out there.  There was a full kitchen, complete with an oven.  I guess you just never know when the urge to bake something will strike ;)  Anyway, there's a dining area, a living room with a large sectional sofa and a chair.  One side of the place had floor to ceiling windows.  One full "guest bath" (complete with a tub and shower) and then into the master suite.  Ahhhhhh so nice!  Big room, big bed, big bathroom, big windows, big mirrors!  BIG EVERYTHING!  It's like I stepped into the land of the fancy giants!  There was a tv in the mirror, but my favorite thing was the shower with dual shower heads.  F- YEAH!  I already miss it!   . . The staff was also super nice and very accommodating.  We arrived at the crack of dawn and they found us a room so we could check in early.  Otherwise, we would have had about 6 hours before the typical check in time.. . side note: This hotel does not have a casino and doesn't allow smoking, which didn't bother me at all but to some people it might.  . . The pool is nice too, but it's filled with a more....ummmm "distinguished" crowd, which isn't surprising bc it's Trump's Hotel.  So, if you're looking for a fist pumping pool experience, this isn't the place for you.. . The only odd part was the seating at the restaurant downstairs.  It's set up sort of like a living room with some bistro tables scattered about.  So, if you want to eat an awkward meal leaning over a coffee table, while sitting on the couch, this is the place.  We were lucky enough to snag one of the few tables though.  :)  . . In short....a big yes!
Checking into Trump Towers was an impeccably perfect experience. The valet parking was smooth sailing, the check in hostess was friendly, charming and extremely accomodating and walked us to the elevators upon checkin.. We were given a lovely room on the 47th floor with 180 degree views of the Las Vegas Strip. THe suite contained 2 bathrooms with marble walls and floors, 3 flat screens and separate showers. I loved the his and hers sinks and loved the opulence of the kitchen with the stainless steel frigerators and large plush L shaped sofa which I melted in when I sat. THe view was breathtaking. Everytime i called the valet for my car or assistance with bath crystals or towels, they were extremely responsive and friendly which i found quite refreshing. This will be my #1 spot in Las Vegas. The hotel caters to upscale individuals looking for clean refreshing and airy rooms with charm and stunning views. No smoke filled air in this hotel. Although the pool is modest, this caters to families or business travelers looking for a home away from home feeling. I thoroughly enjoyed this fabulous getaway. Donald Trump is a genius.
I travel to Vegas for work 2-3 a year. I always opt to pay extra for a 5 star hotel. I have stayed at both the Trump & the Aria and prefer the Trump. (Mainly because it's non-smoking) The staff are very nice and never stuck up as you might expect at a Trump Hotel. Highly Recommended !!
Holy crap. Since staying here... I really feel like I cannot stay anywhere else. I stayed at their standard room and OMG. It was HEAVEN. If I were a celebrity living in a hotel - THIS would be my choice hotel. . . It may be off the strip... but SO worth it.. . WIN: No smoking, no casino, all classy. . This is for the NON gamblers and really the people who want to relax. I'm not much of a party person or gambler. This was perfect for my "just get away from it all" weekends. . . STANDARD ROOM: -. Resort fee - $25 - includes wifi, pool, gym etc. . . Like a TINY NY Studio Apartment. Mini kitchen - fridge, microwave, counters, stove. Mini living room - couch, chairs, table. Bed - lots of pillows and plushness - LOVE, TV. Lots of closet space. . BATHROOM:. There's a TV in the bathroom! Eek! I love it! . Jet stream tub. separate glass (be careful) doorway to the toilet and also a shower. . CONDIMENTS: . The shampoo and conditioner stuff was nice. Very good selection - as an Asian - I look at that sh*t. :) Very good quality stuff too.. Free bottled water. . BREAKFAST:. We ordered room service - they came in and they set the whole thing up for you in the living room space. They place a table cloth over the table and provide everything for you. . And the room service was delicious!. . PARKING:. Valet parking. My fiance has a sports car that he loves and the valet guy and him were so nice about it that he let my fiance part the car in front of the hotel and he said he'd watch it for us the whole time. Nice guy. Really awesome parking experience. . . SERVICE:. Easy and just awesome. We got in and out and done. Nice chat with the front desk and seriously, just a perfect experience.. . OVERALL: . I love this hotel. Trump... good job.
"Angela?". "Yes.". "I'm looking at you on the camera." - Trump International Hotel Las Vegas Security Officer Giel called after searching for me in the surveillance video for 1.5 hours and, at my request, another 15 minutes to finally spot me. It sounded creepy if there was no context, but I grinned from the inside with the new hope to be a step closer to the search for the camera I had left behind in a cab I got on.. . "You were with a skinny guy in light blue shirt right?". "Uh... I call him fat.". Officer laughed.. . The night was too dark and the video was too blurry for Officer Giel to help me spot the cab number (so I can find the camera I left behind), but he was able to give me the cab colors(!!!) and two cab companies to track down.. . Who would've thought hotel security would go through such troubles for customers?. Kudos to Trump's Security! Thank you Mr. Officer Giel! =). . ----------------------. . On another note, the printer in the business center jammed when we were printing our tickets for the night, and Manager Calvin offered to let us print from his computer and offered to refund us not only the internet/printing fee, but the resort fee as well!  How nice of him/Trump!. . ----------------------. . I know things happen one way or another, it's how the businesses choose to deal with them that make the difference! =)
Love this hotel! The only thing is I did not like all of the Dogs that was there! Upscale hotel with dog urine stains on carpet! However it had been steamed and smelled very fresh.
Was referred to stay a night here by a friend, and although I hesitated I am glad I followed her recommendation. Upon arriving the valet staff greeted us with big smiles and welcoming gestures, directing us to check in as another employee opened doors for ariving/departing guests (something you'll see throughout Vegas). At the check in desk a gentleman by the name of James approached us to check us in. As he initiated the process there was a problem with our reservation as someone failed to inter the information. I presented our confirmation info and explained that we had not only reserved a room but paid in advance as well. It took sometime to get this taken care of but James thanked us for our patience and provided service recovery that was pretty amazing. We met several other great workers at the Trump throughout our stay, all of who said they enjoyed working there and showed us they did through their actions. I would not only come back to this hotel again but recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great place to stay with great service!
Nothing more to say but it's absolutely gorgeous here. I recommend this to everyone!
The evening manager, Krista, went above and  beyond to make our stay 100%.  Our corner room was immaculate, luxurious and spacious.  By far the nicest bathroom in a hotel anywhere.  The Trump is located across from great shopping and within easy walking distance to the strip.  The off strip location offers great views, without all the noise of the hustle and bustle along the main.  We will certainly stay here again and would recommend it to our friends.  If you have any concerns while you are there, ask for Krista, you could not be in better hands!
Wow, I almost didn't want to leave the room.....unfortunately it is a block away from the strip. This is a very nice hotel, wait more like a luxury condo!!
Excellent service, great rooms and room amenities. A little off the beaten path, but its perfect for a person who's not a huge partier -- and not a fan of casino smoke/noise. Right across the street from the mall, which is nice, and shuttles to the Wynn and the Forum Shops at Caesar's. That just seals the deal for me.. . Half the price of Planet Hollywood for a Saturday night. And believe me, not even a close comparison.
Stayed here for my birthday vegas vacay and loved it!! Everybody that works here is really nice and they just do things the right way. Nothing seems skimped on!. . Little tip: the shopping mall across the street has a food court with quick cheap eats!. . Although I lost my ass on the strip, this place made the trip awesome!!!!. . Will definitely be back!!!
Excellent hotel! We got an upgrade to a one-bedroom suite with kitchen, two bathrooms (with jacuzzi) and bedroom. Very clean, modern, luxurious room. There is a shuttle bs to the Caesar's Palace, as the hotel is near the end of the Strip. I would definitely return to this hotel.
Period of Stay: 10/20-10/22/12. City View Studio, Room 5123. . I booked through Hotwire, which guaranteed me a 5-star/luxury hotel on the north end of the Strip. I weighed my chances---it would be either The Venetian (which I don't like), The Wynn, The Encore, or Trump. I was excited that I got Trump because it's non-gaming, meaning it's smoke-free.. . I don't agree with Donald Trump's political agenda, but we are on the same page in terms of customer service and expectations. Trump belongs to the class of hotel that showcases a subdued luxury. You don't see anything gaudy or flamboyant, nothing chic or rustic, just grandeur and elegance. Gold is the theme here.. . The front desk staff was professional, friendly, and warm. He accommodated us early, since we got there at around 10. The room was not yet ready, but we were checked in, and baggage safely stored with the concierge. About 15 minutes into breakfast on the strip, the front desk called and informed me that the room was ready and I could just pick up the keys.. . We were put up in Room 5123 on the 51st floor. Since it was a Hotwire deal for $105 a night, I didn't expect to be upgraded to the Strip View Studio. The room is spacious, and clean, with a kitchenette full of cookware and flatware.. . (+) beautiful rooms. (+) Italian marble floor in bathroom. (+) Jacuzzi tub + shower stall. (+) TV embedded in mirror in the bathroom. (+) bathrobe. (+) 400-count thread bedding. (+) two upholstered chairs and a three-seater couch. (+) 37" flat screen TV. (+) fast wi-fi connection (with resort fee). (+) complimentary shuttle service to Wynn and Caesar Palace. (+) nice pool on the 6th floor terrace. . (-) limited dining choices. (-) shuttles discontinue at 12 midnight. (-) expensive drinks at H2Eau, the pool-side bar. . I heard people complain how inconvenient location is. True that Trump is not on the Strip but it's just an easy 5-minute walk. You can go across the street to Nordstrom and walk through Fashion Mall and be at the strip in 10 minutes tops. Service here is top-notch. I never had to push open the doors here at the lobby. Doormen are efficient and polite. That the hotel is non-gaming means it's smoke free and free of casino foot traffic. . . Trump is truly the home away from home in Vegas. I will definitely come back to stay here. If you want quietness, and minus all the hustle and bustle of the strip but atleast close enough to the actions, this place is it.
Off the strip but close enough to the Wynn and Encore that it almost doesn't matter. Everything here is top notch and for the price The Trump simply can't be beat (especially if you book through Priceline or Hotwire). Its also worth noting that there is a $25 resort fee that is charged upon arrival so keep that in mind, but it does provide you with wifi, gym access, and some other random amenities that I'm sure are pretty cool. . In my opinion its the perfect place to stay, especially if you're partying at XS, Tryst, or Surrender because you can avoid the awful hour long taxi line and walk your butt back home and watch the sunrise from your balcony.  Also since its an all suite hotel you also have a mini kitchen, a refrigerator, and a little lounge area for you to watch TV and relax. The bathrooms are pretty badass too!  There's a TV in the mirror and its fucking HUGE (bigger than most bedrooms)!. . And that's not even the best part!  Aside from everything that I mentioned above The Trump is the only place that offers a complimentary 4pm checkout, which is a huge plus for all you party animals out there that need to catch a few Z's after partying all night (morning) long. Trust me, it a great feeling to know that you can take a nap after lunch or breakfast in my case before making the 4+ hour journey back to LA! . . I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
4pm check out time, at no additional cost. In Vegas? Yes, it does exist, and it exists at Trump. It's an excellent buffer after going all night long, because the thought of getting up at 10 or 11 is just plain awful. . . The bathroom is huge and includes a shower large enough to fit a party of four people (if that's your kind of thing) and a bathtub deep enough to store all your winnings. And there's a TV in the mirror in the event you want to bathe in your money and catch some prime time.. . The rooms are spacious and though there's no casino to amuse you, it's walking distance from some of the more desirable entertainment locations of the strip.. . Your nose will also appreciate the distinct (and pleasant) smells in the lobby and elevator.
While I am not a huge fan of The Donald, he has done a great job with this hotel. The rooms are spacious and well appointed.  The beds are extremely comfortable. The bathrooms are large,but the use of space is very interesting.. . I was glad to be in a casino free, smoke free environment. I was also happily surprised to see how dog friendly the hotel is. As a dog lover, it was great to see soo many pooches parading their stuff through the lobby. . . We had dinner here one night. The entrees were ok, but the dessert was great. The banana spring roll was delicate and not too sweet.. . Breakfast was a knockout. I highly recommend the Heuvos Ranchos. The wait staff is particular about the coffee and I greatly appreciated that. If you prefer a quit breakfast, I recommend the dining room. The lobby eating area is very loud and not conducive to conversation.
The Trump is my new favorite place to stay in Vegas! Aside from having spacious and nicely appointed rooms with a kitchenette and a roomy bathroom, the main draw for me is their complimentary 4 pm check out. That's unheard of anywhere! And it comes in especially handy in Vegas, where you'll be super grateful for it (and the blackout curtains) after a night of partying hard. I've also been able to find great rates through Hotwire, although resort fee ends up being $28 extra but includes wifi and 2 small bottles of water per night (and I'm sure other things I didn't take advantage of like fitness center access etc).. . Although there is no casino on site, that's actually preferable to me because it's quieter and I don't have to deal with cigarette smoke. They do offer a free shuttle to the Wynn/Encore and the rest of the strip is a short cab ride away. The Fashion Show mall is also right across the street if you're in a shopping mood.. . Side note: If you're going with friends and need two rooms, ask for adjoining rooms. They're not actually connected but share a small lobby area (vestibule? I'm sure there's a specialized term for this). I think I heard that they only have king beds (sooo comfy btw!) at the Trump, but each room has a pullout queen sofa, so you can comfortably fit 4 people in a standard room.
This hotel is amazing!! The service is what is going to bring me back to this hotel! I have stayed at other hotels in the area which are a little over the top but this hotel's service is superb!!  The staff is attentive to all of your needs!  Oh and the bed is amazing as I would lay down and be asleep in minutes!. . I booked a two week stay on hotels.com and got an amazing detail and even though you add the extra 25 bucks a day resort fee it was still awesome! with that you get free valet, fitness center, free wireless etc! . . I never saw the housekeeping staff but room was always beautiful! I loved being able to call the valet team ahead of time and have my car waiting for me. When I am in the area for work again soon you better believe I am coming back to this beautiful hotel!
1st time here. Very nice. Pop my ears when I took the elevator down to the lobby. Hard to Pisa normal way, afraid to mess up the pretty toilet.
The Trump is great - went to Vegas recently for my sister-in-law's wedding and one of my co-workers recommended The Trump.  It had been about 5 years since my last trip to Vegas.  We went in early December (weekend of the Pacquaio fight) and I got a non-strip view basic room for $118 - plus the $25 resort fee, we were in for less than $150 per night on a weekend.  Room was great - bathroom was cool with the giant shower and enormous jacuzzi tub.  I think I took two jacuzzi baths over a couple of days.  . . I like how there is no casino, so you get out of your car (free valet) ,or taxi and you can be at the elevators in less than a minute.  The entire property is smoke free too, which was a plus - don't worry, smokers can just go smoke out front.  Elevators are the fastest I've ever been in - amazing.  Service among the employees was outstanding.  Here's a tip - call valet before you go down,and your car will be ready when you get there. . . My brother in law upgraded to a corner suite and it was awesome... giant window with a view of the strip above the bathtub, and also came with a full size refrigerator.  We all decided to just grab a few 30-packs after the wedding and chill there rather than piss away more money gambling.  Restaurant left a little to be desired, so eat elsewhere, but I know from now on, when I go to Vegas, I'll be staying at the Trump!
Beautiful hotel that's small, no smoking, no casino. But you certainly welcome the sweet jasmine fresh air after 4 days in Vegas. Goodbye for now!
Ever felt like a fish out of water? I was mesmerized by the place when my family came here for our last 2 night stay in Vegas. This is the TRUMP hotel - of course it's fancy! My family and I booked this place since we wanted to do a little splurge and stay at a really nice place. Oh, and believe me - this place is VERY NICE.. . The concierge is very professional and friendly. The interior of the lobby room was gorgeous. It's spacious and fancy! When you arrive here, you will notice that there is no self-parking. Everything is done by valet. SWEET!. . Oh, I felt like a princess when I stayed here. This is a 64-floor hotel and my family decided to stay in a really nice suite. There's your cute little kitchen, a spacious living room, and the master bedroom. The bathroom is very fancy too. There's a built-in TV screen in your bathroom mirror, so you can watch your favorite show while you brush your teeth! What a great thing to wake up to!. . And don't get me started on the bathtub. It's huge. And you can have yourself a nice bubble bath and jacuzzi! Yup, this is the place to feel pampered!. . The view of the Strip is gorgeous at night from our window. I really recommend anyone to stay here at least once in Vegas.. . One little set-back about this place: It's only a hotel. For those who would like to gamble, would need to drive OR take the provided shuttle to the nearest casino. The shuttle arrives every 15-20 minutes, which is nice.. . Oh, I would really love to come here again! :)
I travel quite often and have stayed at resorts similar to the Trump Hotel.  After readings the reviews, I was shocked.  The entire experience for my husband and I was amazing.  The rooms are pristine with amazing views, lovely bedding, a huge tub with jacuzzi jets and a television in the restroom (built into the mirror).  Trump has done his legwork in terms of amenities.  Yes, there is a resort fee.  Internet, water and even complimentary headphones (upon request) are included.  Parking is free.  The staff really is welcoming and friendly with a professionalism of service unheard of in these days of attitudes and arrogance.  I love a hotel that has five star rooms and service yet strives to make every guest feel at home.  One negative, the service at the restaurant was sporadic but kind.  I waited for fifteen minutes for my coffee but I can forgive this as the server apologized and fixed the issue as soon as I reminded her.  The omelette was delicious but I could only eat half of it.    . . The hotel is close enough to walk to the strip (around a mile).  There is also a shuttle to the Wynn and Forum shops.. The price of my bubble bath  at the Trump gift shop seemed high ($27.00) until I used it.  Quality item and I loved the Trump ties I saw there too but will look for them on sale!
There really isn't much to add here given that there are nearly 700 reviews, but seriously one of the best hotels in Vegas.  Since my folks live here, I am in town a lot, and I've had my share of Vegas hotels.. . Well, this was a GEM!!  Highlights:. . *Scored an AHMAZINNGGG Hotwire deal with the Trump Hotel, less than $100 per night, and when we checked in, we scored an even more AMAZING upgrade for less than $30 more per night.. *Awesome view of the strip. *Right next to the mall (hellooo shoppers!!). *The tub.  I mean.....you can't much better than that jacuzzi tub!!!. *The bed was huge and comfy. *TONS of storage space for all your crap. *Wifi and valet parking included with your resort fee. *Away from all the hustle and bustle of the strip, super quiet.. . Now I won't even take away a star for this, but they seriously need more people working that front check in.  There is ALWAYS a long line, and after a long flight, we were so not in the mood for standing in line for 20+ minutes.. . But really, so worth it!!!!
I'd never thought to stay at the Trump on my past trips to Vegas because I thought it would be boring, having no casino, no clubs, and being slightly off the strip. Little did I know that this actually is what makes the Trump incredible! . . You can party all night and stumble into this classy, peaceful hotel without the scent of smoke and skanky drunks and old gamblers, then slip into your suite (they're all suites there), with its elegant decor, mini kitchen, and ginormous bathroom, and soak your night away in the huge jacuzzi bathtub or huge marble shower. . . Each room has a pull out bed, as well, so you can actually fit a lot of people in there. And I was so impressed by the closet space! . . The best part about the Trump is that it includes a 4pm checkout time all the time, at no extra charge. I can't stress how important that is after a night out in Vegas! . . There seem to be some great deals for this place if you check it out online, so I'll definitely make sure to look out for this as an option for my next wild Vegas trip!
I'm a little late on my review, but better late than never.  I visited Trump Towers in November, on Veteran's Day Weekend, which happens to be my significant others birthday as well as him being a veteran.  When I called in to reserve the room, the agent was amazing.  She asked the occasion and I told her to celebrate a birthday, but also he was a veteran.  I was booking a regular 1 bd suite.  She immediately asked me to thank him for his 11 years of service and upgrade us to a 1bd corner suite.  She also stated she would make sure there was a special gift in the room for him as well.  Upon arrival the staff was courteous.  And when we walked in the room, they had a bottle of champagne on ice awaiting.  And I have to say the corner suite view was AMAZING.  There were 2 bathrooms, and the bathroom inside the bedroom was incredible.  The over sized spa tub, with the large glass door shower could make for quite the erotic scene (if you're not too much of a square :-) ).  The second bathroom was great because as a lady, I had my make and hair products everywhere, so this way the nice bathroom stayed free of my girlie products.  The bed was also very comfy.  The overall experience was great.  I would definitely stay here again without any hesitation.  The only minor set back is that it's not on the strip, but they do offer shuttle service back and forth, so that remedies that slight set back.
I wanted to celebrate my 30th birthday in Vegas and after finding a great deal on bookit.com chose to give this hotel a try. It was a great experience and I would definitely recommend anyone to stay here. The room was big and clean, in room dining was yummy(cheese tortellini) and the very staff helpful. The location is pretty central in the strip. Oh yes the 4pm checkout is a great perk. They offer shuttle service to  Caesars Palace and Bellagio which is very helpful since taxi drivers expect you to walk to what they consider "close". Bottom line I would recommend and would stay again.
The best hotel me and my wife have ever stayed at.  Great service and clean rooms and always greeted at the front door with a warm smile:).  If your going to stay In LV you need to stay here
Been there many many many times...so.... . If you want to go to Vegas to spend some time relaxing, without the noise, smoke & casino this is the place to stay. Rooms are excellent, veryclean. Valet parking is absolutely great and convenient. Shuttles are usually on time. Room service is nice and quick. Bathrooms are huge and jet-tub equipped. I can't say I didn't have some problems during all the stays there, but issues were always properly resolved. . . 5 stars all the way.
I loved my stay at trump!  If you are looking for a hotel that doesn't have the congestion of gambling visitors and smoke, then this hotel is for you.  The staff was very friendly and the Hotel extremely clean!  I am over 6 Ft tall and the tub was long and deep with jets.  I was able to really enjoy a relaxing soak after a night of partying.  I will be back at Trump International for my next trip to Vegas.  Also there is a shopping mall across the street from the Hotel.
What a Hotel !!!! Best Ever !!!. Here are the highlights:. . 1. Valet Parking. 2. Luggage drop-off and pick up service. 3. Smoke Free. 4. Smells Great. 5. Huge rooms. 6. Come with all possible amenities - Hot Plates, Toaster, Microwave, Fridge, Cuttleries and Crockeries, coffee machine, 2 complimentary water bottles everyday. 7. Jaccuzi tub. 8. T.V. in the bathroom mirror. 9. Morning news-paper. 10. Complimentary drop-off to and pick-up from Ceaser Palace and Wynn. 12. At a 5 to 15 min walking distance from Wynn, Encore, T.I., Mirage, Venetian, yet a little off from the noise, smelly and smokey strip hustle and bustle. . 13. Free wi-fi. 14. Flat Screen T.V.. 15. Iron board and Iron box.. . Hands-down my first and only choice going forward.
I am not a fan of Donald Trump so I was shocked when the Trump came up as the hotel I booked on one of those sites that won't reveal the name until you book. Anyways, I could not cancel it so the Trump it was going to be.  We stayed here for one night and  I really liked it.  It is one of the most, if not the most, luxurious room I have ever stayed at.  We were offered an upgrade for $75 more at check in and I said "ok why not you only live once."  It was worth it.  We had 2 bathrooms and a separate living room as well as a full kitchen.  I could not ask for more.  Marble throughout and an all stainless steel kitchen.  The room was clean and our bellman walked us through the amenities. Also had a great view of the strip.  Only bad thing was hearing the train and being woken up at 3am. Also, the shuttle service was very slow and we ended up just walking. There were a lot of smokers outside which made it very uncomfortable to breathe. It was also nice not to have to walk through a casino to get to your room.  We have kids so this was a hassle at other hotels.
I'm not a big fan of the trumpeter himself but his hotel was more than I expected. First off, the venue fare for each night is as competitive to any other hotel. The big difference? No casino, no smoke, no maze to walk to the strip. What made this place stand out are their regular rooms. Each has a kitchenette which has plates, utensils, fridge, oven. Everything you possibly need to make you feel at home. Seriously if you have kids, this hotel is haven.
My GF and I came to Vegas for a week vacation. She had been to Vegas couple times and I went to school here so I conceder myself a local. Have been too been to several hotels around town and the Trump is by FAR the best in Vegas. . To start, the Trump is reasonably prices (for a 5 star) the guest services are very nice and treat you well as you come in the door. The Lobby is clean, well laid out and beautifully appointed. Big plus for me was that this hotel does not try and nickel and dime you, Internet, paper, pool and much more are part of the room fee.  Hell I have seen hotels try and charge you bottled water but not here.. . All rooms as suites and we got the city view which is what really made the stay the best. So here is the break down. . PROs:. 1.) Clean and beautifully done hotel . 2.) Friendly Staff who are quick to respond to each request and with a smile. 3.) Great rooms with stocked kitchen (for 2). 4.) Great Views. 5.) One if the best beds I have "slept" on. . 6.) Huge/ deep jet Tub. 7.) TV in the Bathroom mirror (Basically a bathroom you want to hang out in ). 8.) Pool is great and again staff is helpful. . . CONs:. 1.) TV sucks, (Freezes, delay in channel change limited channels) Then again who goes to Vegas to watch to TV!!. 2.) Train noise is unavoidable, no matter what room you are in you will hear it. I think it just blends with the city noise.. . Final: Not only will we be coming back, but this makes us want to travel to the other hotels in the chain.
Nicest hotel I've ever been to.. . Vegas is a place to splurge -- that goes without saying. I know of people who are willing to spend up to $500/night on top-notch hotels. I found a deal for a 5-star hotel for $133/night on Hotwire on the North Strip fully aware it was probably going to be the Trump -- I doubt the Wynn would offer a room at that price. What I would get was worth every penny.. . The service is absolutely incredible. Everybody was super friendly and helpful. I had a bottle of alcohol spill in my suitcase and they told me what I needed to do.. . The Donald had this hotel covered in I believe 18-carat gold. That's right, he covered the exterior of this high-rise hotel in gold. It's a bit much, if you ask me, but the Donald does not fool around. He means business.. . There's no casino attached to the hotel, so everything is nice and quiet.. . The rooms are palatial. They come with a microwave,fridge, complimentary bottled water, and a large bathroom. I sunk right into the bed in my room. Easily the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in.. . The views from the hotel are absolutely breathtaking, too.. . My only complaint is the location. It's off the strip about 1/4 mile across from the Fashion Show Mall, but they have complimentary shuttles to the Wynn and the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace to eliminate a lot of the walking you'll do.
Hands down, the BEST hotel I have stayed in in Vegas. Possibly anywhere. If I could give it more than 5 stars, I would.. . First, the only parking is complimentary valet parking. Which is awesome. And makes you feel pretty legit, especially when you're not swanky enough to usually valet park your car. . . The girl that checked us in was very nice and very helpful. She made light conversation with us and was very polite. All of the staff that we came in contact with were the same way. And I really appreciated when we came in late one night, that they were checking everyone's room keys before they could get on the elevators. . . The hotel lobby was beautiful and well-kept. I really appreciated that there wasn't a casino attached because it made everything look that much classier and nicer. . . We just got the standard room but it was HUGE. King-sized bed, more closets than I have in my house, a kitchenette with a sink, mini-fridge, toaster, etc., and a sitting area with a couch and two chairs. And the BATHROOM. I have never in my life seen a bigger hotel room bathroom. A shower that could have easily fit ten people, a walled off area for the toilet, double sinks, a HUGE jetted tub, and a TV IN THE MIRROR. I felt like a queen. . . The only problem we had was the reception on the TV. About every three minutes, the picture would freeze and would stay that way for another minute or two. But when you're in Vegas, you don't spend much time laying around watching TV, so it wasn't a huge deal. . . I fully plan on returning to this hotel whenever I'm in Vegas. And I HIGHLY recommend staying here.
This is our Vegas place to stay!  5 star all the way. Service, cleanliness, one bedroom suite is awesome,  smoke free and right off the strip. Valet parking that is very fast and courteous. The Trump treats you like you a VIP!   They offer free shuttle to and from The Wynn and Caesars Palace that we use all the time.  We cant wait to go back again.
Now I know why there are so many good reviews of this hotel!  I LOVED staying here for 3 nights in Vegas this past weekend.  I'm going to list all of the hotel's awesome qualities just like some other ppl below are doing.. . -The staff was amazing!  Soooo nice!  From the man who opens car doors, to the girl at the check-in counter and the man who brought our room service order at 2am, every single person was likeable and extra friendly.. . -The room was fantastic!  It was just my friend and I staying, so for just 2 people the room was enormous, but it made the experience so fun and relaxing.  There is a full kitchen in each room which I wasn't expecting, but it's not one of those lame kitchens that they have in those extended stay dumps, this was a beautiful little kitchenette that wasn't even noticeable.  There was a large tub with strong jets, plus a separate shower and toilet room.  The living room area of our room was great!  2 big chairs, and a very cozy couch.  I was just extremely impressed with the room.. . -There are 2 free shuttles, one for the Wynn (essential if you're planning on partying at Tryst, XS or Surrender or Encore Beach), and one that drops you off at Caesar's palace (perfect spot for anything else on the strip).  We used both shuttles and barely had to wait at all to pick them up.. . -4pm check out man.... they spoil us!!  Warning though, they will soon be discontinuing the 4pm late check out because there is not enough time for the staff to clean the rooms for incoming customers.... sorry....but they still have it going on for a little longer so you can always ask.. . The above things were what made our hotel stay amazing.  The fact that it's not exactly on the strip was a non-factor for us, especially because of the free shuttles.  Also, it was so nice not to walk into a smelly casino every time we entered our hotel.  I am a picky girl, but I would highly recommend this hotel and I will be staying there again.. . One more thing that's a little negative:  They charge $25/night "resort fee".  Included in this fee are the shuttles, $25 in spa services and free wi-fi.  I hate paying these hidden resort fees, but it seems like it's standard for vegas hotels now a days.  At LEAST Wi-Fi is included.  But I'd still recommend this hotel, just factor in the extra $25/day.
The Trump deserves 5 stars because...... . 1. I love the full kitchen. We went shopping once we got into town and got food and alcohol.  The fridge had an ice maker too! So, we saved so much money!! It was awesome to make pizza after a long night and then to have eggs and hash browns in the morning!!! . 2. I like that the hotel is a lil far away from the strip. Its quiet and peaceful. . 3. I like the simplicity: no casino downstairs, no maze to get to your room. . 4. Our room was gorgeous and luxury.. 5. Service was awesome. . 6. I loved the gym too! I can't believe I actually worked out everyday I was there!!!!????. 7. They have a free shuttle service to Caeser's Palace.. . We said on our first day..."let's not stay anywhere else from now on". . . The only negative thing I can say is...there's a train that goes right by the Trump very early in the morning. I never heard it cuz I had ear plugs. But my boyfriend was woken up every morning by the train. So, yeah....bring the ear plugs.
Amazing stay at Trump Las Vegas.  I arrived at 11:30pm on a Thursday and surprisingly there were 3 agents ready for late comers.  The agent immediately greeted me and asked how my flight was. I like the fact that he walked me to the elevator just to show the way. They put me in the 57th floor with city / mountain view. I love the fresh fragrance as soon as you walk in the hotel. Here are the goods (See my pics). . 1) Love the double door entrance that reveals 2 separate doors to rooms.. 2) The common areas / hallways are immaculate. Fresh smell everywhere!. 3) Enormous bedroom with king bed, 2 closets, shelves, stove, micro, LCD, fridge, drawers/ storage galore, utensils, plates, book shelves.. 4) Writing desk, separate living area with couch and 2 love seats.. 5) Free internet is super fast (included with resort fee). 6) Bathroom is almost the size of a NY efficiency :) Double sinks, marble everywhere, jacuzzi tub (with 3 jet settings...we had fun with this one), separate shower, toilet, and the best is the built in LCD in the mirror (see pic). 7) Had a view of Stratoshpere and mountains...Gorgeous!. 8) Love the electronic "Do Not Disturb" / "Housekeeping" button switches cause I always tend to misplace or put the wrong side of the plastic hanging ones...lol. 9) Free valet (included with resort fee). It takes only about 5 minutes to get your car. Its just east to leave the car, get out, walk to elevator and be in your room compared to getting lost in the casino and looking up for signs and taking the wrong side of the elevator (I have clearly done this inebriated). There's also plenty of parking across (Fashion Mall) few steps away if you don't want to use valet.. 10) Free shuttle to major hotels (City Center, Ceasars, MGM) but you can cut through Fashion Mall and go to Treasure Island , Mirage, take bridge to Palazzo and walking distance to Encore & Wynn.. 11) The hotel was hosting a convention but it never felt congested compared to gaming hotels.. 12) The pool...wow..love the bar / drinks, people and the gym. It's perfect for a quick dip on a hot dessert weather :). . I visit Las Vegas 2x a year not just to gamble, but for the shows and to hang with friends from Cali. I've always stayed at different hotels but this by far is my favorite in my case. For the good deal I paid, they have exceeded my expectations and will stay here again.  Almost forgot, their check out is at 4PM...Yeah!
In one of my frequent trips to Vegas, I had the pleasure of staying at Trump and it was LOVELY. My room was EXCELLENT and the view of the mountains was superb.  It's located off of the strip but still convenient to the strip and there is a shopping center right across the street. I have only good things to say about the establishment too bad I don't have kind words for the owner.
Being that this hotel has the word Trump in it, I didn't want to book it and I didn't want to like.  However, hard as I try I can't find any reason not to give it a 5 star.  . . We did book through a travelzoo deal and expected to get 2nd hand treatment similar to other bookings I've had through hotwire; however, it was anything but the case.  . . The hotel is located a little bit to the side of the strip right across from the Mall with Nordstorm and about a 8 minute walk from the new Wyn towers.  . . There are no casinos in the hotel and was exactly what I wanted.  The smoke of stale cigarettes and beer is not what I want to smell right before bed.   . . There is a shuttle that takes you to either Ceasar's palace or the Wyn every 10-15 minutes.. . There is only valet parking - Good because you don't have to walk back through the heat of lots to your hotel, bad because its really annoying to call up a valet each time you forget something like say beer in the car.. . The room we had was HUGE.  We had a king size bed, a love seat, a little couch, a kitchen area with a tea pot, coffee maker, one of those European two burner stoves, a mini fridge, and drawer with utensils, can opener, bottle opener, etc waiting for you to move in.  And the bathroom had a shower, two sinks, a toilet area, and a hot tub and a TV! Very cool to watch the news while brushing my teeth.  . . The beds were comfy and I never heard any of the noise from the side-rooms which I was surprised to learned had like 20 kids in there, or the hallway.  So good internal soundproofing.  HOWEVER, the room we were in faced a train stop or something where in the middle of the night there were one or two (maybe three) loud train honks.  I heard one at night, but I once I'm asleep, it didn't bother me.  It did bother my bf whose a very light sleeper, so you might want to ask about that before checking in to get to the other side.. . I mentioned the trains as a sidenote about my boyfriend when I checked out and said it didn't bother me at all since I slept through it all.  The guy said our hotel stay is pre-payed already but he waived all our charges such as the resort fee without a second comment.  I didn't think the train was that bad (BF did) but I can't say no to free stuff and no resort fee for a few days.  The resort fees I think are $25 per day.. . There's a pool area with very comfy chairs.. . My only real complaint is the gym! The gym was nice, had wet towels, dry towels, 10 treadmills or so, a few ellipticals, weights, water and everything a gym needs but it was like 75 or 80 degrees there! I know people who sit and walk in a gym like it warm, but those of us who try to run are dying! Might as well just run outside, that's hot hot it was in there!  Really a shame because it was one of the nicer hotel gyms I've been too, just wish they lowered the temperature there a bit more.. . However, after camping for a week in a small tent on the ground, life couldn't get any better than our stay at Trump tower vegas.
This hotel is located across from Fashion Show mall. It's a little further from the strip but there are two free shuttles that take you to and from the Wynn and Caesars Palace until midnight. The decor is really classy and pretty with plenty of chandeliers in the lobby. The room was really spacious, the shower was giant, the bed was comfy, and I felt like I was at home. I also loved that there was complimentary bottled water and wifi. The gym hadplenty of treadmills and the outdoor pool and jacuzzi were nice. I would recommend using Priceline when booking your hotel.
I'm giving the Trump 5 stars with the caveat that I didn't eat here, only slept and hung out at the bar.  I really liked the Trump - it was nothing like I expected.  Guess I figured it would be over the top/gauche  but it was tastefully appointed, no casino (which I loved) and even better NO SMOKE!!  The rooms had a little stove and subzero so would nice for staying in...best part?  ACROSS FROM NORDSTROM! I used the mall to cut through to the strip and was able to walk every where.  Also a little tip, there is a Nordstrom cafe on the third floor of the store with great food (you would have paid 2x+ at the hotel).
This hotel is pretty nice. I wasn't expecting it to be so roomy and the rate I got ($77) was unbeatable. I actually liked the fact that it is non-smoking and if going for work this hotel is definitely worth it.. . Valet only but it is complimentary. The Wifi is pretty decent but if you want VPN access it will cost an additional $3. The gym was pretty nice and most of the machines had a TV. The pool in my opinion is just ok compared to other vegas hotels. They also have complimentary bottled water and a kitchenette. . . Overall great rate and I would definitely stay again.
I love this hotel more than I expected. The lobby is small and whatever but the room is pretty nice for the price. I love the little things like complimentary water, the stove, microwave, non-smoking, fridge, sink, his and her closet, his and her sink, tub + spacious shower. I did not the glass doors in the bathroom because they made noise. Service here is impeccable comparing to other hotels I've been to. Love it Trump!
The best part about this hotel is that it is just a hotel, no casino and no smoking. But this also means that there are limited food options, namely the main restaurant with Trump's initials DJT, and a crappy poolside cafe.. Like a lot of Vegas hotels, this place charges for everything where they can: The resort fee is $25 a day, to rent a poolside chaise with umbrella its $75. Although I didn't take a service, the spa looked nice and well run (I asked for a tour). The gym had high end workout equipment and was well stocked with clean towels and chilled bottled water. Speaking of bottled water, every room has freebies that are restocked every day.. I stayed in their lowest room, the studio suite. Even so, the furnishings were nice. The bed was wonderfully comfortable and the bed sheets so smooth. There is a full kitchenette equipped with pots, pans, plates, cups, cutlery, toaster, coffee maker, tea pot and even a small 2-ring cooktop, and Sub-Zero refrigerator.. The flat screen TV was big enough for the room, though the remote was frustrating to use, difficult to just watch TV without scrolling through marketing channels.. The bathroom was immaculate with polished marble everywhere.. which you would think was a good thing, but taking a shower on it, or trying to walk from the shower to the sink it could have been dangerous. There is a whirlpool tub enough for 2 large adults, but the water has a definite green tinge to it.. not quite sure why, but it didnt smell and I was assured it was perfectly safe to use. The lighting in the bathroom was okay, but there was no good setting if you wanted to have mood lighting, plus there were no nightlights in there either, which made navigating the glass door to the toilet a little unnerving. The coolest thing about the bathroom is the TV located behind the mirror, but for some reason the remote didnt work when i tried to watch the playoff games, so had to settle for the plush sofa instead.. I took the advice of other Yelpers, and asked for a room away from the train tracks, happy to say that I didn't hear any noise from that. . One funky feature at this hotel is that they have shared vestibules into each pair of rooms. Apparently, the neighbors tonight is a family of 4 with young kids. So their room door is opening/closing/slamming, along with the shared front door. Fun, fun, fun!. THe hotel has a free shuttle to both the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, as well as to the Wynn across the Strip-- a mere 500' away. The Fashion Show mall is across the street, with plenty of shopping and food options. . Overall, a decent choice for hotel, I would certainly stay here again.
I was really impressed by the service I got at the Trump, the staff was very polite and helpful ! Our room with one king bed and a sleeper sofa was a good choice for the three of us. I slept on the sofa and it was surprisingly comfortable. The bathroom was nice and spacious and had a jet tub. Overall, the room was very clean and comfortable. For me, the best part about this hotel is that there is NO CASINO and it is a NO-SMOKING hotel. In addition, it is right across the street from the Fashion Show mall which has LOTS of GREAT SHOPPING and restaurants. I also had an amazing massage at the spa with Nakisha (highly recommend!). This hotel is also very close to the Wynn, which is a big plus for me (if you are too lazy to walk, there is a free shuttle that runs to the strip every 15 min). WiFi did not work well, and the pool was just OK. Still, for $150 a night, I think it was a very good choice, and my girlfriends and I are definitely staying there next time !
I'm surprised this place gets four stars on Yelp.  People complain it's a bit off the strip, but that's the point.  It's NOT a casino hotel.  It's 0.3 miles or a 5-min walk according to Google Maps.  Perhaps they should have an overhead walkway to the FAshion Mall.  They have shuttles every 15-min to Wynn and 30-min to Caesar's, plus you either have a rental car or cab everywhere in Vegas.  In 100+ temp. who walks?  I'd agree this is a 5-star hotel with the one odd exception that the towels are 4-star.  I mean 5-star towels are fluffy soft and you want to steal them, because they're better than your towels at home.  Everything else from the service and room size is decor is 5-star.  I think you must be complaining about this place, because you have no idea what 5-star means and you just want to sound cool.  I mean seriously.  If you had the same price and choice between TI, Paris, Planet Hollywood, NY NY, Tropicana or this place, which would you take?  If you choose this place, then it's a 5-star, bc all those other places are 4-stars.  You can't call this a 4-star if it beats every 4-star in town.  So the pool's not super-huge, that doesn't make it a 4-star.  Super-huge pools are for casino hotels not hotel hotels.  Perhaps the only problem here is that this place can't compete as well with Cosmo and Aria since they have casinos and they're right on the strip in the middle of the action so they reduce their rates and attract people who have to bitch and whine but couldn't afford Cosmo or Aria even at half their rates.  I also highly appreciate the fact that they have EMPTY refrigerators and two complimentary bottles of water.  There's also a small kitchenette with a stove top and microwave and dishes.  It's basically like an upscale studio apartment.
My Favorite place to stay in Vegas.  We stay for a full week so its good to A.  Not have a casino, B. No Smoking place.  I just love the service and rooms are the tops.  Its living the life of luxery.  Pack your own drinks and snacks and just chill there.  Just a great place for a vacation while still being in vegas and virtually on strip for all the "vegas" stuff too.. . WOuld not be my prime spot for just 1-2 days.  Great for Longer stays though.. . Great workout room....Room service wings are LEGIT! . . Vallet and everyone is real polite.  Food is good but can be overpriced... . Concierge is the best.   . . Train at nighttime is STUPID LOUD and Chopper tours are loud in the cross fire.
I was presently surprised at the Trump hotel.  I usually avoid this hotel because it is located off the strip.  This trip, I had friends staying here so we spent some time at the casino and at the pool.  I was very impressed with the decor of the Trump.  The pool had a great lay out and was not overly crowded.  The pool had a very shallow section so you could sun bath in the water. It also had a section around the perimeter that you could sit and wade in the water.  My friends and I rented a great lounge bed right on the side of the pool.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  You could be served in the pool, by the pool or at the bar.  . . **I did not stay here over night but I did spend a good couple of hours a the Trump.
I stayed here with my family. The staff was the best part of our stay. They were very helpful and accommodating to all of us. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spacious. We will definitely be back.
First time staying at Trump, love the jacuzzi tub, separated by glass doors from shower and toilet, much nicer feel than many jacuzzi tub in other hotels where it is near to the toilet (ill...!). . TV embedded in mirror in the bathroom, awesome! . Nice service, very clean! Guards at the door and elevator. Valet parking only. . A bit off Strip, but it's actually more convenient since we can hop on the freeway or bypass certain section of Flamingo blvd to get to other hotels, save time!
Amazing amazing hotel. Convenient location on the backside of Fashion Show. The best service on the strip to ALL customers. Huge rooms with a stove, fridge, microwave, pull out couch bed... Tv in the bathroom mirror. One of my fave hotels in the area and for an amazing deal too! Resort fee charged but it includes bottled water daily, Internet, and a $25 spa credit.
Classy! My second time staying here! Love it. TV in the bathroom (mirror) is always my favorite part of the ginormous chic bathroom. Comfortable beds. Love the kitchen setup in the room with the refrigerator. Makes it super convenient to bring food or bring back leftovers. Love the non-smoking or gaming atmosphere! Will be back again. Looking to try the Cosmopolitan or Aria next.
We've been here about a dozen times and it's the only hotel we like staying at while in Vegas. The service and location is Awesome.. . Here's what I like about this hotel; . . It's Beautiful Non-smoking and Non-gambling hotel.. . It's Not on the strip but right off the strip and across from Nordstrom.
Was initially slightly dreading the trump due to a spate of bad reviews below...as you may know, the trump is often featured on Hotwire and Priceline as a fairly affordable 5-star hotel (on the secret hot rate/name your own price, respectively). . . Overall, pleasantly surprised by the following observations:. Hotel shampoo smells good. . Spacious, clean room. Kitchenette. . Free bottled water. . Fast and dependable wireless. . No wading through casino smoke. . . Cons:. Valet only (albeit free)--no self park. . Not easy to find (turn on fashion show drive).
My fiance and I stayed one night at the Trump and we were pleasantly surprised with everything during our stay. We were upgraded to a room facing the strip by the woman at the front desk who checked us in and then we were sent chocolate covered strawberries as a congratulations on our engagement - which was a huge surprise and a very nice touch. Our room was beautiful - great 2 person spa tub, comfortable king size bed, and beautiful bathroom with a tv in the mirror. The shuttle to Caesar's Palace was very convenient and the shuttle back from the Wynn was also helpful. The pool is quiet and there were plenty of chaise lounge seats. Overall this is not a party hotel but the amenities are nice and the staff is pleasant and helpful. It's a great place to come back and relax after a crazy night out on the strip!
Huge rooms.    Big bathrooms.   Very nice.  No casino.  No shops or anything like the hotel on the strip but there's also no smoke smell and its much  more relaxing. I liked ur ALOT and will be back.  Very nice.  Great service.
GREAT place to stay in Vegas!! Catch a good deal on Hotel's, and it is sooo worth it.  Rooms are AWESOME, best customer service ever! Close to so much, with shuttles to get you closer!!
Great place - clean and no smoking and no Casino. Excellent service
After two nights of raging and partying a la Miley Cyrus, someone in our group was bound to leave a thing or two behind,  and that we did.  Lucky for us the honest people at Trump Las Vegas had our backs and mailed our once thought to be lost valuables back to us.  Now if that ain't service I don't know what is. . . #trumplivin
I wouldn't typically pick this hotel to stay at for a normal weekend in Vegas, but I stayed in a suite with my girlfriends for EDC.  Hands down the smartest decision I've ever made.  I LOVED that there was no casino, it is non smoking, there are no clubs... it was the perfect hotel to just sleep and relax in after dancing for 11 hours straight.  Other pluses?  Nordstrom and the Fashion Show shopping center are right across the street.   . . I will be staying here every year for EDC.
This place is just lovely, both in quality & service.  I was a little dubious about staying off-strip with no casino (I'm not a gambler, but I love to wander the strip & the casinos & watch other people get over-served & squander their money).  In retrospect, staying here was absolutely a great move! . . We arrived at 10 AM, & despite the early hour (at which one would typically be informed that no check-in would be available until afternoon), the super nice staff were completely accommodating.  They not only provided us a room for immediate occupancy, but upgraded us to a suite with a killer view of the strip from the jacuzzi & a corner bedroom with 2 walls of windows, one overlooking the strip & one looking out at the mountains - gorgeous!  Very clean room, comfy bed, & all the amenities one could ask for - top of the line appliances (Wolf stove & oven, Sub Zero fridge, Bosch dishwasher - not that you'd want to cook or wash dishes in Vegas, but just in case), a HUGE bathroom with TV & telephone, separate toilet room in support of your dignity, a full second bathroom off the dining room, in-room safe, free wifi, free local calls, in-room coffeemaker, lighted his & hers closets, & the sweetest, plushest bathrobes EVER for lounging around between sexy times :). . As to the location, it really could not have been better.  The Trump is on a quieter side street but within easy walking distance of The Wynn and others for breakfast (Wynn breakfast buffet was really good) & casino action if you're inclined.  It's also right across the street from Nordstrom & Fashion Show Mall - super convenient for shopping & other retail needs during your stay.. . There were only a couple of glitches during our stay, but nothing that ended up being a real problem for us:. . First, there is a train track running right past the building, & even 50 floors up the train horn is REALLY loud. We are somewhat early risers, so not a horrible problem for us, but given jet lag & the late-night-first-day-in-Vegas-who-needs-sleep push of being awake almost 24 hours, I would have used my earplugs had I known.  After the first morning we were used to it, I suppose, because we slept right through it every other morning!. . Second, & more randomly, after being awakened by the train on our first morning, we decided to take advantage of the tub with the great view. Once we were done with our soak, I had difficulty turning the spa off - the switch seemed out of sync with the power.  After several tries, the pump finally turned off & I opened the drain & moved on.  In the midst of our shower, which was adjacent to the tub, the pump suddenly turned itself back on &, because the water now level with the jets, the jets began shooting COPIOUS amounts of water onto the shower stall wall, the window, the opposite wall, the bathroom floor, our PHONES (which were on the shelf next to the tub & which we retrieved & slung out of the room before diving back into the tub, wrestling the nozzles to a downward position, & scrambling to try to turn off the pump).  After several failed attempts to turn the pump off, it finally went silent & the flooding stopped. There we stood in an inch of water, totally shell-shocked, half laughing, but still seriously worried about our phones, when the tub turned itself back on a THIRD time - thankfully the water was all drained out or distributed into the room at this point, so no further soaking occurred, but now the pump wouldn't turn off. We ended up calling the front desk for a third time (we had managed to place one call after each malfunction) to let them know that now they were in danger of having the pump burn out in addition to the flooding, & shortly thereafter maintenance arrived to break the circuit.  Housekeeping was right on the heels of maintenance & quickly cleaned up the mess, & the front desk said they were sending security to file a report in case our phones were damaged.  Our morning was wasted & we were hungry & wanted breakfast, so when security didn't show after housekeeping finished, we sought them out on our way to what was now lunch.  We were perplexed that we had not seen a manager yet, given the severity of the problem & the fact that it hamstrung our entire morning.  We had to be very proactive in getting a manager's attention, but the manager's representative did contact us by phone that afternoon.  She acknowledged the problem & very fairly compensated us for having to deal with such a messy morning, & we were totally satisfied with how the situation was ultimately handled.  Thankfully, our phones seem none the worse for wear so far, as we had excellent case coverage in place on both devices.. . Overall, our stay was super pleasant, the room was lovely, the location was optimal, we never missed the smoky presence of an on-site casino, & we would DEFINITELY choose to stay here again in the future!
Absolutely a Great stay. Will be back. Best stay till date in Vegas. Valet guys were fast and smiling.. Check-in desk was amazing, personalized service, that is why it may take a bit longer. I was offered the 2 bed suite for just a $150 upgrade at check-in. Best 2 bed Suite I have ever seen and I have traveled the world.. Just a class apart. I was walked by the Check In specialist to my Elevators that led me to the Suites. . This hotel was smack opposite the Fashion Show Mall. . They also run a shuttle from the hotel to Caesar's Palace every 15 min till 2 am on weekends and till 12 am everyday. Just Valet your car and enjoy.  . . Strip views were spectacular. Plus all the Airplanes taking off from McCarran Fly right by you, Beautiful. . . Tip: Ask for an upgrade on check in, its much cheaper than going thru their website ( subject to availability). Tip: Take Shuttle to the strip ( see above). Tip: $25 resort fee includes Wi-Fi and 2 bottles of water. Full Kitchenette.. Tip: No casino, Smoke free, Happy hour at DTJ restaurant was good. My Business clients enjoyed.
I checked into a one bedroom suite yesterday and was blown away. The bathroom is super large, as a matter of fact there are two full baths. The decor is excellent. . The pool is like a garden oasis. The lifeguard was very attentive and came over and adjusted our umbrella for us. This was so nice.. This is a valet only property but they are pretty fast. I think they could improve by making specific lanes for valet, taxis, and shuttles. . Also the housekeepers need to tighten up a bit. There was an Advil on our floor when we arrived. Also a travel size bottle of something on the floor under the sink in the bathroom. Hopefully it won't be there when you check in.. But beyond that A++ from me.. Best 19th anniversary ever!. Don't believe the negative comments, they must be crazy!
Wonderful way to stay in Vegas! Everything was clean and new. The staff was very attentive and pleasant. Our room was clean, the bathroom was very large, and the beds and linens were comfortable. The room had a small kitchenette, refrigerator, and in room coffee from Starbucks. Room service was prompt and food was decent. The bar downstairs had a nice atmosphere and good service. They also offer a free shuttle to the Wynn or Caesars, which worked out great for us. I would prefer to stay at a hotel without a casino because you don't have the busy hustle and bustle all night long downstairs and when you come and go you don't have every stitch of clothes you own smelling like a cigarette! Would definitely stay here again!
Me and a friend went to Vegas for the first time, and we chose to stay at the Trump for those five days. . . Frist og all, this hotel is not on the strip, nor does it have a casino. But it have frequent shuttles going to Caesars Palace and Wynn, so there's no problem getting to the Strip. It's also just a ten minute walk from the strip. . . The service we received at the Trump was out of the ordinary. The employees remembered us and went out of their normal routines to help us. Housekeeping was brilliant, they returned every day at the same time. . . What we really like about Trump is that it doesn't have a casino. It made it a quiet place to withdraw from the huge mess on the strip. It was clean and classy, so the perfect place to take a girl :) The spa and the pool area was amazing!. . All I can say is that I would definitely chose the Trump again if I'm going back to Vegas :)
Went here last weekend to bachelor's party and before getting there I had an idea of what was in store but I really had no idea what was awaiting!  We get there and unlike most of the other properties of this scale there was no casino so most of the people here were not crazy gamblers..  We were met by the bellman who gave us the number to our personal conciere service in addition to an assortment of VIP passes!  As we went up to the suite on the 40th floor it was like taking off in an air plan.  We stayed for 3 nights and I don't think there was a reason to leave the suite at all.  The layout in the room was like a royal palace and the bathrooms were of the finest marble I have ever seen.  This place was beyond elegant and highly decorated.  The room service was best I had ever seen and far greater than any service I have ever received in my life!!!!  The location is just far enough from the strip that you really appreciate it, its perfect!!!  The bathrooms were the highlight of the suite and I mean double jacuzzi, rain shower and car wash shower in one unit!  Didn't really see house keeping but the room was always cleaned when we returned!  My recommendation is if you go to vegas you wana do it like this!!!!  It very very expensive but totally worth every second on your cash!  We took a taxi to the strip and it was very convenient for the occasion being.  The vibe makes you feel like you are a millionaire and for some weird reason I felt sad when it was time to leave.  If you have not visited this hotel you must do it immediately!!  I am a fan for life of any Trump properties!
Great! Very classy and smells great when you walk in. The room was spacious with a large, beautiful bathroom. The shower was huge and it had a whirlpool tub. I will stay here again if I get the chance. Got a good deal on Priceline and it was like being at the Ritz! I love that there's no gambling and it doesn't smell like smoke.
Why would I stay anywhere else?! The Trump Hotel lives up to its name. I stayed ina one bedroom suite that probably has one of the best views of the Las Vegas Strip. From the time I arrived at the airport to getting checked in to my room the service has been amazing. My room was set to all of my preferences from Linens to air temperature to toiletries. I would recommend the Trump Hotel! High class & worth every penny!
I chose Trump International Hotel for our trip to Vegas for 3 nights.  During booking, I informed the representative that it was a special visit, our 2nd wedding anniversary.  We were immediatly upgraded to a luxury suite at no additional charge.  I received a phone call a couple of days before our visit from the attache department just to see if we required anything special.  this is the first time I have ever received such a call.  I was impressed.  . . When we arrived, we were treated like royalty from start to finish.  There was a warm greeting posted in our suite wishing my wife and me a happy anniversary.  The suite was huge and had great ammenities, including 2 bathrooms and a huge tub, wirlpool.  We were contacted several times during our stay to ensure that we had everything we needed.  The entire staff was cordial, professional and efficient at all times.  We shall return!!!
List of the best:. - great hotel, family friendly. - no casino. - right next to Fashion show mall. - bar/restaurant inside. - Favs: kitchenette in room. - huge bed
Stayed here first time, 43 floor, mountain view. The room was beautiful, spacious, relaxing, and smoke free. There is no casino, but it was a refreshing and quieter stay because of it. People were all super friendly, free access to pool and workout area. Complimentary valet. You're close enough to walk to Wynn and Encore and Venetian for your gambling and partying fix. If you need to be "in the middle of it all", they have a free shuttle to Caesar's every 20 minutes or so. I would definitely stay here again.. . Con:. If you're a light sleeper and need to sleep until noon, the mountain view has a train that comes by and sounds it's horn. So you may want to ask for a Strip view.
Loved it. It is great here. It is still my favorite hotel. Even better that the wynn encore. I feel more at home here I dont know why. Aint no parking, everyone has to valet. But call down when you are ready to leave. Your car will be there by the time you get down stairs. I love it. Tv in the mirror, spa tubs. I wish this was the standard. I go to other hotels and am always disappointed because i have stayed here my standards are higher now. Hotwire has deals here also.
The best in Las Vegas, I'm here during the month of oct, they give me a king bed studio with views of north side of the city on 46th floor, its high enough not to hear the noise from the train, i also hear from the front desk that they will start to offer rooms with 2 queen bed starting the month of dec/2013. . They do offer a pull out sofa bed in the king bed suite which can be uncomfortable due to the mattress on the sofa bed, but if just call the house keeping and ask them to bring you few thick comforter to lay over the mattress it will make it nice and comfortable. . The hotel is only 20ft from Fashion show mall, only about five minutes walk away from Wynn and Encore casinos, for those of you who don't like to walk the hotel does offer free shuttles to Wynn and Caesar's Palace, I've read some review about the walk but come on, take a look at the google map, its  the same distance to walk to the strip from any other hotel rooms since all of the hotel's guest room are set in  the back of the property. . . No question i will be back
I loved my stay at the Trump Hotel this past month. I was lucky enough to receive a free room upgrade from the attractive young lady with a British accent at the front desk - my room was huge and luxuriously appointed.. . My favorite part of my stay however - the Trump Hotel's FITNESS CENTER. They have a full range of free weights, kettle bells, exercise machines, ellipticals, treadmills, and my favorite part... REFRIGERATED TOWELS in the gym.. . The refrigerated towels were cooled at 42 degrees, and they're so refreshing, it feels like you can add an extra 30minutes or 1 hour to your workout. Love it.
I would def stay here again. I can't decide if I like this hotel better than the red rock hotel. . The room is like a studio with a kitchenette. I love the nigh shower tub and huge mirror with a tv inside of it. Dope. . This hotel is really well designed and decorated.
where to begin .. this hotel is thee place. location location location. newish 5 years looks and feels newer though. grand trump style feels more new york than vegas but it works. fast elevators no crowds because theres no casino. the one bedroom suites are awesome first class style here the kitchen is decked out with sub zero,wolf and bosch if you don't have this at home you might after checking out of this place. extremely comfortable beds the bath is the piece de resistance huge! luxe with tv in the mirror . very nice place and location right across fashion show mall. ill def be staying at trump vegas again didn't want to leave. great rates during off season is why i put 2 $$  otherwise it gets pricey. the valet is very friendly the front desk girls are a bit aloof and robotic with their scripted check- in spiel memorized off a trump training book  don't think they ever used some of the vocabulary until they were hired.
AMAZING!. . Stayed here during our girl's trip and it was so relaxing. We originally booked a regular suite but they upgraded us to a one bedroom suite, which had two bathrooms, a must for girls! It was really nice and clean with a tiny kitchenette.. . There's no casino and it's not really on the strip (In my opinion, at least), but at least we weren't too far and the mall was across the street.
I loved this place! They instantly upgraded our suite when my husband mentioned it was my birthday. We had a killer view of the strip.   Loved the tv in the mirror in the bathroom. Since it doesn't have a casino you don't have any of the rowdy drunk people roaming around.  You can enjoy your stay without having to smell like cigarettes the whole weekend.  They have a nice bar in the lobby, and their bloody Mary's are killer poolside.  Looking forward to coming back!!
Great service, clean room and it's across the street from Nordstrom's. I even got a 4 pm check out!
This was our first time here and came here through the time share opportunity with Hilton.  From the moment we walked in the doors I was amazed.  Though it has the Trump name I was concerned that it wouldn't be good... Well I was right.... It was so much better than good!  We stayed on the 30th floor.  Studio suite which had a stove, fridge, blender, toaster and items for eating and drinking.  I loved that it's a non smoking hotel.  The TUB is wonderful.  My tall husband can fit it in and still have room.  Everyone here has been nice.   It's just off the strip but that is fine for us.  Still within walking distance to everything.
After reading some very good reviews and some bad reviews I was worried to arrive at the Trump...... It was amazing!!!! The hotel is beautiful, very clean, staff are great!!! The rooms are huge with a huge bathroom, the shower can probably fit 5 or 6 people, the bathtub with jets, amazing!!!! All rooms have a kitchenette, and a nice big "living room" area. Next time I come to Vegas I will make sure I stay here again. My husband and I had the most amazing time at the hotel. Oh, and for those who complain about the train, come on, you can hardly hear it. Best hotel ever!
