The secret pizza place is a lot of fun because it's on the 3rd floor next to a great set of restaurants and a pool table. To get to the good stuff, walk down a cool hallway with every square inch covered in vintage albums. Once you've made it to the ordering counter, you're presented with a cool pinball machine and many different kinds of pizzas. There are very large pizzas presented to you along with a few shiny stainless steel pizza ovens along with some peeps to help you decide on which slice to buy.. . When I went the first time during the opening week of the Cosmopolitan hotel, I noticed that an authentic Italian pizza creator from a local pizza joint had switched jobs! At first I said to myself, oh no what happened. And then I thought about it. If this guy works at the secret pizza joint now, I'll be able to sample some excellent pizza more often, so I'm ok with that. The pizza creator recognized me and just handed me a slice to test out. What a guy!
This place is ridiculous. I stopped by during a recent trip to Vegas and I was very impressed with the pizza. I had a slice of white and a slice of pepperoni. The thing I loved the most was the crust. It was quite possibly the best crust I have ever eaten, and I don't say that lightly. Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and a slight twinge resembling sourdough. . . Seating is limited so we took our slices out into the foyer and sat at a large wooden table. Their also is a foosball table with glass over the top so you could potentially sit there, have your slice, and play a match or two. If you do sit outside of the place don't be surprised if people start asking you where the secret pizza place is. My response between bites of cheesy glory: "down the hallway with all the vinyls" . . Two beers on tap: PBR and Dogfish Head 60 minute . Two games to play: Vegas themed pinball and Galaga.. . Go find it. Now.
A few of my friends kept raving about this pizza place inside Cosmopolitan.  Telling me I had to try it.  So in the middle of our clubbing session at Marquee we left the club to go get some pizza.  This place is hidden on the second floor in between Blue Ribbon Sushi + Jaleo.  It's hidden, if you were just walking by, you'd never know it was a pizza joint down that long hallway.  Once you reach the end of the hallway you go into this little area with a Galactica (is that how you spell it?) arcade game and a pinball machine.  The minute we walked in we were greeted by the pizza maker, Nico.  He was very personable and explained what would make a good slice.  We start off with a basic cheese slice, a pepperoni slice or a white slice and make "magic" at the end.  We told him to surprise us so he made us a white pizza w/ roasted tomatoes and basil + garlic.  Second slice was meatball w/ green peppers.  This is the BEST pizza I have ever had.  I used to love Rocco's pizza in Summerlin, but now that I've tasted this, it is ultimately the best pizza.  The price is very reasonable.  It's $3.00 and $0.50 per topping.   Thisis a great go to place after clubbing.  It's hard to explain how good this pizza is.  I'm not a big pizza eater, but this place makes me want to eat a whole pie.  Definitely worth a try if you're ever at the Cosmo.  Remember, it's on the second floor in between Blule Ribbon Sushi + Jaleo.
Treasure hunt time !! . . If you're cunning enough to find this place, then you definitely deserve the pizza that they serve. Lucky for you, it's not that hard to find. . . Clues:. Third floor of the cosmopolitan.. If you see the pool table, you're getting close. . Hallway lined with album covers. . . This little place only offers about five seats, but guests can grab a seat outside where the pool table is. It also has a pinball machine and an arcade game. Something to keep you busy if there is a wait. . . Slices are about 3 to 4 dollars, and are decently sized. There wasn't too much sauce on it, which I fully appreciate. And the sausage was good, and had a bit of kick to it. They have a couple beers on hand. I can't remember the other one, but the one of the selections was PBR. I was disappointed by both choices, and opted out of getting the beer. . . Overall, awesome place to go to if you're in the area. I just wish this wasn't tucked away on the Strip, because like most locals - I tend to stay away from the Strip and the tourists [who never seem to follow the crosswalk signs, and insist on crossing the street even if it isn't their turn].
Hidden gem inside the Cosmo Hotel!!. . Its actually called Pizzeria.. . Super cheap pizza and the quality was amazing. I love thin crust pizza, it's my FAVE! They close at 4am so it's a perfect spot to hit up after the club for some yummy greasy food! I ordered the pepperoni with sausage. The sausage is different from other types of pizza. It's sliced up in bigger pieces plus the cheese just melts in your mouth!. . Really small and seating can be a problem. Seems like its more of a grab and go kinda thang. Make sure to come here for some bomb pizza!! Might be kinda hard to find so ask around. If you find a tunnel you went to the right spot! :]
There is a pizza god in Vegas! I'm from Philly and moved here to Vegas in 2006 and have missed east coast pizza ever since... Until now! If you want this pizza, you'll have to look hard for it as it is kinda sorta not advertised anywhere... Go to the 3rd floor of the Cosmo Casino/ Resort and look for the pool table/ game area and then there will be a hallway with records or some sort of "pop art" on the walls - go down that hallway! There is no sitting area, only an eat-up counter space but who cares, your going to inhale the pizza anyway! Closest thing to east coast you'll find in the city, guaranteed!
The secret pizza place officially without a name. . . Located on the 3rd level.  There isn't a sign, so look past the pool table.  This pizza joint is located down a long hallway lined with album covers.  You might be able to spot the "Vegas" pinball machine from outside.. . It's a very small place.  Once inside, you will notice:. -A few stools and a small counter to sit at.  . -Pinball machine, and an arcade game.  . -Couple of pizza ovens.. -Pizza counter withpre-made pizzas, and a handful of toppings to choose from.. -Pizza artist and a cashier.. -Great pizza!. . It's not a full dining establishment.  Pretty much order and go. You wouldn't expect much more from a place with $3 pizza slices in a multi-billion dollar resort. . . You can have extra toppings added for a small charge.  If you order a slice, it is tossed into the oven for a couple minutes and you are good to go.  Full pizza's start at $17.  Guest's of the hotel can place an order through room service. . . Feeling thirsty?  They have PBR  and Dogfish Ale on tap.  . . The people who work here are great.  Real pizza artist's with personality.  . . Check this place out!  It's convenient, inexpensive and open late night until after Marquee Nightclub closes.
Possibly the cheapest meal you will find in any of the casinos on the Las Vegas Strip.  And this unassuming and "hidden" pizzeria, which is not even what their name is (according to the man I spoke to behind the counter) is located in the newest luxury casino to opened in Las Vegas.  It is on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, across from the escalator and located next to Blue Ribbon Sushi.  There are no signs indicating that there is anything down the short hallway adorned with album covers, besides of course the pinball machine and flat screen televisions mounted on the wall clearly visible to anyone who bothered to look in.  But instead of finding a hidden alcove of arcade games, you will find a counter where you can order your pizza by the slice or by the whole pie, and work space where they prepare the NY-style pizzas from scratch.. . Prices are reasonable.  Slices starts at $3 per slice (plain cheese), $3.50 (one-topping), $4 (two toppings combo), and for $6 (you get a slice of plain cheese pizza and domestic draft beer).. . 18" Pizza by the pie: $17 (Cheese), $18 (White Pizza - Ricotta & Mozzarella Cheese), $22 (three-toppings), or $25 (five-toppings).. . Available Toppings (in alphabetical): Black Olives, Extra Cheese, Fresh Garlic, Green Peppers, Meatballs, Mushrooms, Onions, Pepperoni, Ricotta, Roasted Tomatoes, Sliced Sausage, Spinach, White Anchovies.. . Beverages: Coca-Cola Brand fountain drinks, beer and wine (domestic and premium draft), Illy Coffee.  The cup of soda is pretty small, but you can ask for refills. :D. . Desserts: New York Cheesecake Slice and Cannoli.. . Also if you are staying at the Cosmopolitan and too busy/lazy/important/lost :p to make your way to the "Pizzeria", you can ring up the hotel to have someone deliver your pizza order.. . BTW, the concept of selling pizzas by the slice has been around for a long time, just ask any UCB students, but to implement this concept inside a mega luxury casino is as Misti (LV Yelp CM) stated, "genius"!. . ----2/15/2011----. Holy cow!  I have no idea this place gets so packed at 11pm on a Tuesday night!  And their cheese-less pizzas with extra garlic oil added to the pizza sauce is dope!  I am glad I ate the last slice that no one else wanted, even though I was rather full already :). . Decor: 4.5/5. Pizza: 3.5/5. Price: 4.5/5. Staff: 5/5 Friendly and nice to the guests.
This place is "the find" of the century as far as late night Vegas food goes.  While all the nice restaurants have closed up shop & your options are Fattburger or a crummy 24hr cafe, Pizzeria is a foodie godsend that's open until 4am! . 3 people, 2 slices and 1 drink each = ~$35. . The pizza is wonderful, the service is even better.  Have Nico put a little magic on a white pizza for you!  The staff here loves their job & it shows in the service & the food.  I'm only sad that I found this on my last day in Vegas, or I would have saved myself the 3am room service bill from the night before.
Cheap food in a hotel/casino. Super nice employees. Pizza that is delicious. What more could you want?. . I like to think of this place as a hole in the wall of The Cosmopolitan. It's not advertised, nor does it have a name. In fact, it's easy to miss if you're not looking for it. I walked by it several times (I work in The Cosmopolitan) and I never once noticed it until someone pointed it out. It's between Jaleo and Blue Ribbon, right by that weird spaceship elevator. Go down a long hallway with vintage album covers, and voila! You've reached the pizzeria with no real name. It's delicious, cheap, and great for a hangover. . . The man working there was kind enough to charge me a little less for my slice. I got a slice of sausage pizza and it was awesome! The perfect ratio of cheese to sauce, not super stiff but not super soggy, just perfect.. . Great place.. will DEFINITELY return for a quick bite!
The Secret Pizza Place is its real name, I swear.. . I was so amped when I found it, thanks to you previous 21 yelpers. I LOVE pizza, and I think I might have found my favorite pizza place besides Grimaldi's. Then again, I came at 3 in the morning, was given a free slice of pizza AND a free slice of cheesecake, AND great conversation so I could be a little influenced but I'm pretty sure it's excellent.. . Please try the white pizza with tomatoes. Your tastebuds will thank you.. Please make sure you have some gum with you. Your friends and other strangers will thank you.. . Nico and Cristos are food artists. 'Artists' would have been italicized if that were allowed.. . The slice of cheesecake is pretty clutch, too.. . Bring tip money! You'll need it, i swear!
I seriously thought I was heading in to the restroom cuz I had to piss badly.  Long hall with vintage music album decoration and after walking all the way at the end, oh its a pizza joint.  . . This place is a hidden treasure! Thin crust pizzas, NY style, just the right amount of cheese and tomato sauce.  I bought a slice of their sausage and mushroom and ended up buying 2 more because its really that good.. . It's hard to find but I believe this pizza joint is on the 4th floor.  You'll see a pool table just right outside and that's when you'll see the entrance at the corner.
Yeah, I think it's cute because it's "a secret" but it's also probably one ofthe best deals in the area, plus it's OPEN LATE. . . Service behind the counter has been great each visit. The pizza is delicious, and so cheap! The plain cheese with tomato, and pepperoni can't be improved upon. PBR for $3 on the strip? SOLD.. . What more do you need?
Great great pizza, and on the vegas strip it does not get better, cheaper, or more convenient!. . Tucked away on the 3rd floor of the new cosmopolitan hotel, after an unmarked hallway lined with records, you get this little hole in the wall pizzeria, run by nico and staff.. . let him choose your poison.... he REALLY knows what he's talking about. our group ordered a pie of cheese, and then each let him pick our individual extra slices. i got meatball, ricotta, and bell peppers. and OH MY GOD.. . i usually dont like meat on pizza and bell peppers ever, but this worked magic delicious pizza heaven.
THE best pizza EVER!. . The pizza here was equally good sober or drunk! The crust is super thin while the ingredients were as fresh as they could be.  I know what you're thinking... its just pizza! But this has got to be the tastiest pizza on the west side!. . I make sure I get some pizza at the Cosmo every Vegas trip!
After reading a review we decided to check this place out- as most have mentioned it's down a hallway with no signs-when we first got there nobody was in the place and the staff was in the back. but then fernando came out to help us. he was truly passionate about his workplace and the product. we ended up trying 4 different slices and they were all good-The crust was what made it so good, It's nice you can go into a top notch hotel(the Cosmopolitan is beautiful) and get a meal with a beer for under $20.  I hope they don't get too popular.............
As a few Yelpers have noted in previous posts, the actual name of the pizzeria is Nico's, but I will always remember it as "Secret Pizza".When you walk by, it's easy to miss. But take the time and enjoy the many record album covers that adorn the walls. I busted a gut, for sure. That hallway will lead you to a pinball machine and voila!, you've found your pot of gold. . . Staying at the Cosmo, my husband and I decided to take full use of our amazing room and bask in the glory of pizza on our balcony overlooking the Bellagio water show. In about twenty minutes, our pizza was ready and we were on that elevator so fast. The pizza was very good and a nice break from formal dining on the Strip. Highly recommended for those general hankerings for pizza in Vegas.
what?! this place has a name?! i thought it was just PIZZA... like on the menu. haha.... . all that aside.. this place is AAWWWEEESOOOMMMMME!! again if you read my previous posts, i am not a huge fan of pizza. but i ate here three times while in vegas. hehehheheh..... . the prices are the bombdotcom --- where else on the vegas strip are you gonna have an amazing slice for such a great price!?!?! we had a whole pie with tomatoes and ricotta cheese. and it was sooooooo good. the sauce was light and flavourful. the toppings very fresh. crust was perfect!!. . i love that this place was on the main restaurant floor of the cosmopolitan.. floor three. unassuming... long hallway covered in old rat pack album covers and the like.. vegas pinball machine, simple decor. loved the paper plates and red dixie cups too. can't wait to go back!
Apparently it's easier to find than I thought it'd be, my friends weren't even looking for it and found it. I was looking for it and probably passed the hall 3 times without going down it.. I finally found it after a late night hanging out at Book & Stage Lounge, I don't know if it was because it was 3:00 in the morning, I had 3 bourbons in me, or I hadn't eaten since 7pm the night before. But the pizza was heaven, I went for good old plain cheese, it's the easiest way to tell if its really good pizza, cuz it can stand on its own. Gooey, cheesy, nice sheen of grease over the top, crust was good for being in Las Vegas. prices were excellent. The staff was fun and friendly. The "pizza man" scolded my hubby for picking up the pepper shaker before trying the pizza, I swear his accent was fake but he was entertaining, made the wait in line easier.. I can't wait to go back. If thye keep up the good work I may not get as home sick for the east coast.
There is not much to say about this place that has not yet been said, so I will just note that I went here twice in one day for $3 cheese pizza and it was excellent. I would go three times in one day if I could. My friends from out of town (Texas and England) seemed to want to eat non-pizza food, though. I don't know what's wrong with them.. . The only downside is the serious lack of seating (six seats) but the Cosmopolitan has seating EVERYWHERE. We had drinks in the Chandelier beforehand, which I highly recommend.
Get ready to wait in line for a few minutes on a Sat night. Very new York style.  Loved the Pizza.  specialy the all cheese pizza, it was delicious.   If you love thin crust, you will appreciate this pizza.  My husband and I are a fan of this place and we are looking forward to having it again everytime we are in Vegas.  reasonable price.. ps. i cant believe the location!!! No marketing no signs.  Its a whole in a wall place in a really nice hotel! ....its Cosmo's best kept secret.
This was a hidden hideaway but while serving quality pizza with personality it has become quite famous.  I first stopped in due to pure rumor of deliciousness and was led there by its intoxicating aroma. . . When you first walk in you'll be greeted by a staff that makes the word gregarious seem modest but they have an obvious passion for pizza making and their quality ingredients.  What I was most impressed with is the made to order style and due to my dairy allergy they were able to make a "Red" pizza with all the toppings and still very satisfying.  . . A key thing to remember is you better hit up the ATM after an evening out since this is cash only and be prepared to wait if you're asking for something fresh and made to order.  I can see myself and many others considering this place the "happy ending" to many future nights at the Cosmopolitan.
If a restaurant is good, then the word spreads like wildfire. The secret pizzeria in Cosmopolitan is no exception. In two days, I have overheard about this place from a complete stranger while waiting in line at another restaurant, read the stellar reviews on Yelp, and today, heard about it on a morning radio show. I knew I had to try this place ASAP.. . Lucky for me, I work on the Strip so my co-workers and I went during lunch. Good thing I did my research or we would've never found the place. It was like a treasure hunt... third floor, next to Blue Ribbon Sushi, down a secret hallway lined with album covers... and there it was!. . Once I saw the white pizza come out fresh from the oven, I knew I wanted a slice of it before even hearing what's on it. A slice of the white pizza and a soda cost $7. Not too shabby at all.. . The pizza was heavenly. The crust had the right amount of crispiness, garlic and cheesiness. I'm usually not a crust eater but I devoured every last bite. I seriously considered buying a whole box but didn't want to share with the whole office.. . The real test was when I brought back a slice of cheese pizza to my co-worker, who is a New Yorker, and is very critical about restaurants that claim to have "authentic New York pizza." He said the pizza was "pretty damn good." . . I'm pretty sure you'll find me here at least once a week for lunch. Maybe dinner too!
another big thank you to yelp for helping me find out about this 'secret' pizza spot at the cosmopolitan! after more than a few drinks down at the Book & Stage, wandered upstairs and found the unmarked hallway next to Blue Ribbon Sushi to the Pizzeria. 1 large pizza plus 4 PBRs = $34 and lots of yummy goodness haha. i got a half supreme/half pepperoni pizza and shared with 3 others, this was a perfect way to end the night. the pizza was freshly made and piping hot, thin crust, greasy and super tasty. i cannot wait to go back to the cosmopolitan just for the pizza alone!
I like hide and seek and here is a place I think I could hide forever without being found AND they have pizza! Perfect! . . My girlfriends had never been in here before so I took them to the secret location and they were already in a trance by all the vintage album covers lining the wall. Once inside we discover we are the only girls so that always helps. . . The guys working behind the counter were down to earth and super sweet. I ordered the slice of white pizza and they put a cold tomato on it once it comes out of the oven. The pizza guy was real cool so I think the slice was around $3 and I tipped him $7. As I am approaching cougar age I find I tip younger guys more.....First sign of a cougar, maybe? Shhh. Let's not talk about it. . . Back to the pie. Hot damn that was good. I could have pounded down four more slices easily. The garlic, the cheese and the contrast of the cold tomato worked wonders in my mouth. I also tried a bite of the cheese slice with red sauce. Also dynamite. . . I'm hooked on this place. I have spent big bucks on a couple of  Cosmo's fine dining restaurants and I have to say the best meal I have had came from the secret pizza place.... I will be back. Oh yes, I will be back.
Awesome pizza but long lines.. .  My friend and I waited around 1pm and it took about 15-20 minutes to get our pizza with 3 people in front of us. The guy was also busy making pizza for a large group order. It was cool to see the guy making pizza. He didn't toss the dough. He just flatten and pushed out. . . The pizza was really good. Crisp pepperoni surrounded by oozing cheese and perfectly seasoned sauce on a crispy crust. Delicious! . . Another friend went at 1am and it took almost an hour for him to get a slice of pizza. He didn't care for the pizza too much. . . It's about $3/slice for cheese and $3.50/slice for one topping.  Great price for dining. Limited seats inside but a lot more outside.
I almost don't want to write a review so people don't find out about this place, but people are finding out anyway. Sigh.. . The pizza here is awesome. Maybe it's the long night of dancing and drinking, but the pizza totally hits my spot. The line was long at 2 a.m. but sooo worth it. The guy making the pizza looks like he loves his job. He was putting on a show for everyone! Huge slices for $3-3.50. I don't even think they charged me for a drink now that I'm thinking about it... I love that they have garlic powder in addition to crushed red peppers and parmasean. YUMMY. If you see the pool tables and giant dice, you know you're closeby!. . If you have a sweet tooth, they also sell cheesecake. A big fat slice of creamy, hearty cheesecake.
Wanting to avoid the long lines post-clubbing, we actually came here around noon on a Sunday where most would be at a buffet brunch. There were only a couple other people there already eating so no wait :D. . When you get to the 3rd floor, just hang a right and look for an alley where the end has a pinball machine. That's it.. . We got the infamous White Pizza with mozzarella and ricotta cheese slice for $3 ish. Wow. Put some garlic powder and some chili flakes on it. Woooooooooooooo. Affordable, delicious, and unheard of in a swanky hotel like Cosmopolitan.. . Even the crust was good and I don't even like crust. *thumbs up*
This place is extremely hard to find but totally worth it at any time of the day.  Delicious NY-style pizza.  The recipes apparently are the culmination of three chef's passion for pizza and it shows. I had the meat lovers and two slices of the White Pizza.  TOTALLY worth the trip.
Pizza was not my favorite food but since everybody talking about this palce I wnat to try. If you're not pay attention you can pass by this place easily.. Pie size was big for us so me and Jieun L picked 3 different kinds of pizza slices, White pizza, Mushroom pizza, and Jalepino  pepper with sliced sausage pizza. I liked white pizza and mushroom pizza..  Also, you can create your own pizza. Crust was thin and crispy, cheese was melting so nicely in my mouth. I want to know how they're make tomato sauce. . While you're wating for your order you can see how they are make your pizza, it was one of interesting part. It's fresh, crispy, and nice pizza ever.. I will try again soon.
The secret Pizza Kitchen...  the perfect spot after a hot mess of a night at Marquee.  I love their thin crust pizza.  Definitely a must try after a lot of drinking... and is probably just as good when you're sober too.
Delicious pizza... ask for the white pizza with ricotta and tomatoes (the italian sunrise) Super cheap late night spot or after a day of bad gambling! The guy Niko is a character. Will def. be stopping back here next time!
I am in no way a pizza connoisseur.  You can probably compare my palate for pizza to pure vanilla; I'll eat any toppings, eat any style crust, order delivery or sit in a restaurant...in the end, most of it is just pizza to me.  So in my book, you've created something special when you stand out above the rest.. . Now just because I'll eat anything on a pizza doesn't mean I don't have some preference.  I'm always happy with sausage and mushroom on my pie.  During my first visit my buddy and I ordered a sausage, mushroom and ricotta pizza.  This...was...divine (to quote a fellow yelper).  It is a New York styled pizza, a bit light on the sauce, thin and droopy if not folded in half, and has this magical crust that remains soft on the inside and has a bit of crunch on the outside.  Note that I said New York styled; I've never been to New York or had their pizza, so I can't say if it's real or not!  What I do know is that my taste buds screamed for more pizza after that scalding first bite (guys never learn, do they?).  . . On my second visit I placed two orders, a sausage, ricotta and garlic pizza; and a slice of mushroom and cheese to hold me over until our personalized pie was done.  I will say this: if you order one of the premade slices that is already sitting out, you're in for a lot more crunch than if you order a whole new fresh pie.  So bring a friend or two and go for fresh, if want that easy foldable pizza.. . Another thing to note is that on my first visit, the chefs were cutting up actual sausage links for our pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=ZT3AiU5KP2xY-mJsXmNZnQ).  Not so on the second visit  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=NBkD80-Yb6ykjKGuQctSoA).. . All in all this has become my favorite pizza place in Vegas, one that I perpetually crave for (What?  Can't you go for some pizza at any given moment?)  No doubt about it, this is a repeat eat!
Maybe I wasn't in the clearest state of mind, but I know that when I started eating the pizza it was delicious. . . We tried going to this place one night and the line was crazy crowded. Luckily in the same trip we decided to check it out again and this time there was almost no line. I didn't see a menu so I just looked at what pizzas they had available. I opted for the pepperoni/sausage slice. From what others said, they usually pop it back in the oven for a quick reheat, but I think with the turnover and how quickly people were coming, the pizza was still fresh out of the oven and didn't need a reheat. . This place makes no sense. There is no sign and the hallway is super long. They even have like a pinball machine? Totally doesn't fit the lavishness of cosmo either. It was like 3-4 dollars a slice and served on weak paper plates. . . Although a bit greasy, it was really good. Totally hit the spot and even though I wasn't hungry, I really wanted to get another slice. We ate right outside the pizza joint because it was too small and crowded inside.
i am so excited that i finally finally got to go the secret pizza place!!!!! it was completely worth the wait! omg it was so much fun and so good. the place was a little hard to find, as it wasnt marked and is in a teeny hallway but the vibe in there was really cool. super small with arcade games like galaga and pinball machines. the people were really friendly and accomodating.. . the pizza was amazing. i got hte white pizza that everyone is talking about. perfectly sauced. not too much. tasted fresh and not cardboard-y. fresh veggies on the pizza. they also serve alcohol wc is so smart and such a big plus.. . these guys will definitely make sooooo much money serving pizza to drunk club goers on the weekends. and pizza taste even better when u just got out of the club all sweaty and tired and drunk and hungry. i also saw people who worked at cosmo getting pizza here after their shifts.. . overall an amazing time at a really fresh "off the beaten path"  pizza joint.
What's better than being drunk AND eating pizza? NOTHING. . Exactly, my thoughts!. . What makes it more fun is that it's known as "secret pizza" and it's like $4 a slice. Dude, $4 isn't even gonna get you water in Marquee!. . The guys in there are hilarious always chatting up the folks, drunk or sober.. One of 'em even told me the story of why they call the white pizza, "the sunset.." Let it be known that the cheese are the clouds and the tomatoes in the middle are the sunset...So romantic *blushing*. . Even though mushrooms are my favorite pizza, I really love their white pizza. And all it is is cheese, sauce, and tomatoes. It's sooooo simple and yet, oooohhh so good.. . In fact, I was debating on writing this review because I don't wanna tooo many people to crowd my fave food spot in Cosmo. But, this was too good not to share!
I love secret places...and the pizza was delicious! The staff was friendly and attentive!! I'll be in for a slice every time I'm here!!
The pizza tastes much better than it looks (the pictures and even the look of the pizza when you order it does not do it justice).  From the pictures on Yelp and even up to the moment where I was standing in line ordering the pizza, I thought to myself, "meh."  . . Kristin C. raved about the pizza while we were eating lunch at the Cosmopolitan and my boyfriend and I were a bit skeptical that pizza could be THAT good.  Well, we ate our words later that night.. . After catching a show at a neighboring casino, my boyfriend and I cabbed it to the Cosmopolitan to meet up with everyone who was at Marquee enjoying Kaskade.  Unfortunately, we never met up - but fortunately, I had a really good slice of pizza! The crust is chewy and the tomato sauce is flavorful. AND, the pizza is relatively cheap for Vegas/Cosmopolitan prices (around $3/slice of cheese).  While we were standing in line for pizza, a FIGHT broke out! That's how crazy good the pizza is.  Take my word for it.. . The best part of enjoying the pizza? It's too small and cramped to eat inside the actual Pizzeria, so venture outside and people watch.  Not only was Kaskade djing at Marquee that night, but the Strokes had played a show at the Cosmopolitan.  My boyfriend and I played a fun game of "Marquee line reject or Strokes fan?"  Surprisingly not as easy as you think! Platinum blonde, short mini dress, stripper heels and CHEST TATTOO. Marquee line reject or Strokes fan??? YOU TELL ME!
This pizza is the best option outside of New York.  The "Speakeasy" style of the joint (accessed through an unmarked hallway next to Blue Ribbon) adds a bit to the experience, but the pizza....I went back twice during a three day trip.  A couple of slices will cure any hangover, munchie attack, or longing for NY.  Hanging out in the restaurant could prove to be a bit cramped, so unless you are open to eating standing up look for other options.  We took our slices out to the game area of the Cosmo which provided great people watching, access to scrabble, pool table, and comfortable lounging.. . Definately check this place out!
Great place hidden on the 3rd floor of the cosmopolitan near the Pool and board game area, you can find it my going down the small hallway with album covers adorning the walls. Very low key old school vibe, reinforced by the pinball machine and old school arcade machine. . . The pizza here is great, if your planning on feeding 3 or more people (or two very hungry people) I would recommend just buying an entire pizza, they make it right in front of you and is way more cost effective. . . The service and attitude of the employees is great, which is good because of the six times I went there, I was drunk twice and DRUNK once and they still put up with me. . . They have a small beer selection as well which consists of PBR (yuck) and dogfishhead IPA (yum), and I believe their menu even has a entry that says "slice and a beer" or something to that nature.. . Overall, a great place to start or a end a long night.
BEST PIZZA I HAD SINCE NY! HANDS DOWN!. . ooooooooooomg...so my friend and i checked into cosmo on friday and got invited to the NCAA march madness event (w/ free food and drinks) we munched and drank away...at around 9:30 pm we got hungry, but were not in the mood for a sit down (alcohol does that to you...sigh lol) so i thought of this pizza place everyone was raving about. i asked an employee where this famous pizza place was and he leaded me the way....to pizza heaven lol.. . it's on the 3rd floor right next to blue ribbon sushi...in a hallway. it's tiny and you can walk right past it and never realize what amazingness you just missed out on . . we walked in and it was so cute! it's very small probably can fit max 20 people. i got the mushroom/sausage pizza and my . friend go tthe ricotta/garlic/mozzarella pizza. it was SOOOO GOOD totally brought back memories of NY esp the seating: most of it is standing and leaning on a table LOVE IT! it was so good i came back the next evening...what can i say i love pizza when i'm buzzed :] . . you should check it out! best pizza in town (i would even say on the west coast) and it's super cheap! $3.50 a slice? for dining in LV that's pennies...check it out you'll be so thankful you did!
DELIGHTFUL.. . Had the 'white' pizza - it was fantastic. Wanted to try the other pizzas, too, but the slice was simply serving as an appetizer before dining at Holsteins (yup, fatty alert). The pizza had a fantastic crust, flavorful yet not overpowering toppings and a great price tag. . . Next time I return I will make sure I'm able to eat more than just one slice!
Possibly the best meatball pizza here in Vegas, I would go back just for another slice of it.  Not horrible price wise, but it's not dirt cheap either.  I had a slice of meat lovers pizza and a slice of the mushroom pizza (meh) and a root beer for $11.75, so you can ballpark it from there.  It's awesome quality pizza, with a thin yet crispy crust that actually holds up pretty well.  It's really standing room at counters only, but you can find a few stools to sit on, and it's cool that they have an old school pinball machine and an old video game machine too.
What a fantastic little place! I love the fact that it is hidden away - you definitely need to know what you are hunting for. And I love all of the old record albums that line the walls and ceiling as you walk in. It's the perfect tiny pizza eatery.. . What was the best was the pizza. Yelp had built it up so much that I was a bit nervous. But one bite of my slice of cheese pizza and I was instantly transported back to my days at NYU. It was the perfect slice of NY-style pizza. So hot it burned the roof of my mouth. So greasy that I went through way too many napkins. So big I did the fold maneuver.. . And major props for having beer too. Just two handles - Pabst and a Dogfish Head (I didn't see which one). Totally awesome that they have Dogfish Head.. . And big ups for having plastic forks and knives available. For this first try, I had to eat with my hands and be all authentic. But typically, I am a knife and fork girl, so I appreciate it when casual eateries with "hand food" also have the proper utensils for those who want them.. . Great staff, great food, and great overall vibe (loved the feel, the music, etc.). I will definitely be back,
This place is AMAZING!!!!!! I can't believe this pizzeria is hidden at the cosmopolitan! After eating such expensive lunches/dinners at the strip, it was definitely refreshing to find a pizza place for $3 per slice! I mean it's still pretty pricey but hey - it's vegas! But the pizza was amazing and delicious! I ordered two slices and I thought it wouldn't fill me up, I was wrong! The slices are pretty big and it fills you up quickly! . . The place is nothing fancy and there are barely any chairs in the restaurant. They pretty much warm up your pizza and serve 'em on paper plates. The drinks are uber expensive though, I think 3 bucks for a cup of soda or whatnot. . . It's also all kinds of shocking that this pizzeria is tucked away at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and it's on the 3rd floor. . . Next time I visit vegas, I will definitely have to stop in here for some pizza!. . I can definitely see why this place is rated 4.5 on YELP.. . The atmosphere is very chilled/relax. There's even a pinball machine for you to play a game while you wait for your pizza. . . You definitely have to stop by if you have never tried this place before!
This place has limited seating but who cares! The pizzas here are so good, I'll just stand if I have to! It's like in a hidden spot; through a short hallway as far as I can remember.
Difficult to find, but definitely worth the search. Best pizza in Vegas, easily comparable to NYC. I LOVE the white pizza. $3/slice. $3.5 for 1 topping. $4 for two toppings.  Great Vegas hole in the wall on the strip.
So far this is the best pizza I've ever had.  I really like thin crust NY style and this is definitely it.. . The place can be found on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan Hotel, right by the exit from Marquee.. . The best IMO is the white pizza...I tried the mushroom and it was just OK.  It's $4 a slice which is reasonable, if you think it's a rip-off what the hell are you doing at the Cosmo in the first place??
Just because you hide something and people have to look for it  doesn't make it superior to everything else; that being said this is some fantastic pizza and the prices are right!. . The Pizza: Delicious Giant Slices of Wonderment. However, don't be fooled into thinking you don't have options. They have pizza available that's already out and on display, but things are coming out of the oven all the time and they will add extra toppings to their slices for you. Also everything tastes better with Dogfish Head IPAs. (Which is a beer if you're curious).. . Not hard to find if you're looking for it, but you're not going to know it's an establishment if you don't. Tiny little place, no room for seating unless you count the top of the pristine Galaga Machine or go when one of the five seats aren't taken. This place is probably to be avoided if you hate lines or crowds and you go during peak.. . I got out of there for $15 bucks: Two Giant Slices and a Dogfish Head. This is a great deal on the strip. Also as a bonus: the girl at the cash register was crazy hot. According to my friends, I of course am not in the habit of oogling random females; they are the childish barbarians.. . TL;DR:. Cons: No Seating. Pizza arrangement vague. Only two kinds of beer.. . Pros: Lots of seating outside. Pizza is spectacular. Beer on tap includes the best of the worst (PBR) and Dogfish Head 60min (the best of the best).
This place is awesome! The pizza is fantastic and decently priced!. . Downside: No seats anywhere! We walked 2 miles to sit down and eat and found we had to order and wait in lobby. If you want a whole pizza, pre order and eat in the lobby or take it back to your room.. . I'm pretty sure cashier was stoned and had no clue what she was doing.. . Highly recommend for lunch or dinner- something quick and cheap and delicious!
It took a couple months but Finally was able to check out the Cosmo! Or more specifically the Hidden Pizza Shop.. *SSHHHHH..* Well, its not so secret anymore! It took me a while to find that hallway of glory and when I got to the end, there was a good sized line!! On top of that, they sold out of All their slices except for a few slices of: green bell pepper and mushroom. I was hungry and it was gonna take another 10-15 minutes for cheese and pepperoni.. . . What was worth the hunt and wait:. . Green Bell Pepper and Mushroom Slice: I never get this combination together but while waiting for the cheese and pepperoni slices bakin' in the deck oven, I decided to go with it. It was Really Good!! Meatless toppings but I liked it! Their dough was on the sweet side, held together just about to droop, with a slight chew. Cheese mild and just perfect. And sauce slightly tangy, just how I like it! . . Pepperoni Slice: One of the Best Slices I've had in Vegas! Their pepperoni here is spicy?! . . . I ain't jumpin' on the band wagon.. This place was Really Impressive!
Best New York style pizza on the strip whether drunk or sober. Order the white pizza with tomato.
Third floor of the Cosmo. Across from the pool table you'll see a discreet hallway. If you peer through the hallway and see a red pinball machine, you've found yourself some bomb ass pizza.. . Don't worry about the toppings, it's not about the toppings here. It's about the crust and the sauce, both of which this little pizzeria knocks out of the park.. . The sauce on this pizza is perfectly seasoned, and there's just the right amount. But the best part is the hand-tossed crust. People usually like thin crust because it's crispy. People usually like pan crust because it's doughy. THIS crust manages to be crispy AND doughy. We figured that one large (10 slices) was enough to feed 5 of us (3 girls, 2 guys), but this pizza was so good that we had to order another large to go.. . The prices here are a bit steep ($4 for a 2-topping slice, $22 for a 3-topping large), but the premium price will definitely get you some premium pie.
This place gets 5 stars just based on the fact that it oozes coolness and style.  This place is not listed on the cosmopolitan website and directories, there are no signs, and you have to go through a dark hallway in order to find it.  The only way to know about this place is pretty much by word of mouth.  Pretty ballsy move by Cosmopolitan, but it's working out pretty well for them.  . . It's a pretty solid piece of pizza.  I've never been to NYC and I can't tell you if this is authentic, but it looks and tastes how I'd imagine it to be like.  I got a white pizza with three different types of cheeses and I had it topped with roasted tomatoes and mushrooms.   It was delicious.  . . It's open pretty late, so if you need solid eats after partying and drinking around citycenter, then this should be your spot.
Next stop on the "cosmo food crawl " - the pizzeria. Next door to Jaleo - the secrecy of this place is obviously nonexistent ( 100 + reviews ) . . Simply put, this place ROCKS ! Ordered a slice of the white pizza ( ricotta with olive oil and major garlic ) and the pepperoni with meatball. add a diet coke and we're up to $11. While munching on the pizza we asked the busboy what a full pizza costs, " from $18 to about $30. " . He gave us the number to call to order in advance . This place ain't too far from my office so one day i'll treat my office mates to some dang good pizza. I really love the crust and the pepperoni. The meatball gets a little lost in the spiciness of the peperoni but when i took a little slice of the meatball off the pizza and ate it separate - it's good. . . Great Place !
This place is hidden on the second floor with no signs. Pizza is delicious and served on a paper plate. Drinks are served in a red cup. There is no listed menu or prices. It's plain, simple, and freaking awesome. It's the complete opposite of everything in the Cosmopolitan. No glitz, no glamor, just some good pizza.
This is the perfect place to wander into after a long night, and all you want is a greasy pizza with the 1 dollar bills you have left in your pocket you purposely created from your $5.00 so you can play more penny slots. Instead of being left with those .16 cents ticket redemption stubs you can't even play, save those dollars to be spent in the rabbit hole- with no directory name or signs, the fun part is trying to find this place!. But i'm not going to spoil your fun by telling you where this place is- but will give u one clue. If u see a pool table, you're warm. So warm, you will be burning the roof of your mouth in 5 minutes biting into that hot cheese. You've been warned.
Pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan nails my very favorite kind of pizza. It's slices as big as your head in New York fashion but the crust is thin and crispy the way I lurve it instead of doughy and chewy. I had my own slice of white pie that I gobbled up so fast Sir Nicholas barely had time to ask if he could have a bite to try it. But, he managed to squeeze in his request. And since he sampled a bite of my slice it was only fair he gave me a bit of his pepperoni, which I enjoyed just as much as my own.. . There are like 4 seats inside here so you're probably taking your pie somewhere else to eat it. But, you can play old school video games while you wait like Galaga so that's pretty sweet.. . They also sell a few beers and wines next to the sodas, but we went with Orange Fanta all the way when we stopped in for sustenance. . . People working here are fast and friendly and this is a great place to stop in for quick, easy eats before you head off to the next run of good fortune, shopping, or general merrymaking in Vegas.
When I say Dive-y...well it's not really the best looking place in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. When you walk down that little hallway to this hole in the wall pizza place you are thinking "What is this?"..... Let me tell you, the pizza is simply amazing. If you get a chance, go there. They are open late (I think he said until 4am Sun-Thurs and until 5am Fri and Sat).
Went here after multiple drinks by the pool and it totally hit the spot!  This place is the closest I've ever come to a real NYC slice in LV.  . . We got a slice of cheese, pepperoni and veggie which came out to $11.75.  That's STILL less than 1 piece of shrimp next door at Blue Ribbon!  I was surprised I liked the plain slice the best.  Not that their other ones weren't good.  Sometimes great pizza doesn't need anything else but sauce and cheese.  . . Wish there were more places to sit but not that big a deal with so much seating in the middle area of the 3rd floor.
We stumbled out of Marquee at about 4am.... . We heard about the secret pizza place earlier on in the day and we were on a mad pizza hound hunt after partying all night.. . We FOUND the hidden pizza grotto but it was CLOSED. The cashier was closing up shop and the LAST 9 VIP pizzas were being made for some celeb staying at the hotel. The pizza maker was NOT a happy camper.. . All we could hustle was a piece of cheese cake from the freezer...until somehow by the grace of God and our (more my sisters) charm we managed to pull it off. The pizza maker wanted us out so he gave in. haha!. . He let us have the first pizza that was ready and we got cheesecake, too! HEAVENLY!! Gooey Cheese pizza hot off the oven and right into my BELLY! . . The cashier and the pizza maker were total darlings and I commend them for being such good sports. They have to deal with drunk chicks, drunk guys, late night celeb requests and so much more in Vegas. . . We took their pictures and will pay them a visit next time BEFORE 4am. . . Viva Las VEGGGGASS!
When I grow up, I want to be the Pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan.... . No signs or indication the place even exists, you just have to know about it.  . Barely any chairs - mostly just standing at the counter.. Drinks served in red dixie cups.. Galaga.. Super hot chick working the counter.... and she's nice.. Seriously awesome thin crust pizza being served all night.. . This place in a big time winner.  But stay away, it's mine.
Authentic east coast style pizza joint? In Vegas? At the Cosmo? Open 24/7? Only 4 bucks? HOLY CRAP. . This is an amazing place on the strip.  The pizza (I have been here about 4 times) is always good with a perfect blend of cheese, delicious sauce, fresh topping all on a thin crust.  The pizza is good before, after and during clubbing (thank you in and outs!).
Great Pizza. Great concept. For a hotel that builds its brand off of opulence and grandiosity. Its good to know that the Cosmopolitan isn't without a sense of humor or irony.  To find the joint,  just go down the out of place white tile hallway with crappy florescent lighting, you'll arrive in a room the size of a shoebox serving some of the best pizza I've had in recent memory.. . . Great food, great concept. Well done Cosmopolitan. It looks like management has a few risk takers.
Let's face it. You can get your descriptions and ratings of this place by taking a look at everyone else's Yelps here. Most are accurate in their love of this place. So, instead, I bring you "Ali's Inner Monologue Regarding The 'Secret Pizza Place' At The Cosmopolitan".. . "Ok, drinking and searching for somewhere semi-hidden is NOT working out for me. I'm surrounded by trendy restaurants on the RESTAURANT level... where the hell is this pizza??. Oh, wait... is this a hallway? WAIT... I remember Yelpers talking about a hallway of album covers. This... might... be.... SCORE!. Even more SCORE... only two people in line. And these guys are about to get up... jeez, could they add maybe one or two seats in this place? Actually, probably not. . I see cheesy White Pizza. That's for me. . Hmm, pinball... sure, why not?. Sweet, pizza's ready. And there's actually a free seat... right next to the red pepper flakes, yessshhhh. Let's get me plenty of napkins, this looks like it has potential to be messy. Time to check this out.....  . . {Ali's brain goes dark as shewants to make out with this slice of pizza and its gooey cheesy goodness}. . I really hope I can find this place the next time I'm in town.. Did that guy really just take a header in the hallway???". . Good eats, awesome vibe, interesting people-watching, even for such a tiny spot. GO.
This place was like manna from the heavens. My friends and I were still hungry after our recent overpriced dinner at one of the Cosmo restaurants as we stumbled upon this gem. The delicious hot pizzas and beer filled the void left by the paper thin slices of yellowtail from next door:P
*Best Pizza in Las Vegas*. . I believe that good pizza is very hard to find. It's one of those foods that is often made to be a quick cheap fix, and I find myself calling the majority of the pizza I eat average. I'm rarely ever wowed by a slice of pizza and I've grown accustomed to that. When I heard about all the praise this pizzeria was getting I was a bit skeptical, but I will let you know that all that praise is very, very well deserved.. . You need to go on a bit of a hunt to find the pizzeria at the Cosmo. They don't advertise it, you wont find any signs pointing you in its direction, and they don't even mention it on their website. It's located down a random hallway on the third floor nestled next to the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar. It's a very small pizzeria with only a few stools for sitting and eating. They don't even have a menu. It's all about the pizza here.. . The sauce is delicious, the toppings are delicious, and the crust is delicious. This pizza is delicious! It's made New York style with the floppy pizza that needs to be eaten taco style. The sauce has the perfect amount of flavor to accompany the toppings without being overwhelming or becoming overwhelmed. You can tell that the sauce is fresh along with the toppings. They don't have the largest selection of toppings but the ones that they do have are fresh and beyond tasty. The crust is just the right consistency and is one of those crusts that you wont mind eating the ends ofthe pizza. It all comes together to make the best pizza in town that I have tried so far. It is a bit pricey when compared to other pizza places but you pay for the quality. . . I can't stress enough about how good this pizza is. It is one of the very few pizzas that has been able to wow me. If you want to taste how a real pizza is supposed to taste like go to the Pizzeria at the Cosmo.
I love this pizza joint! I love that it's hidden away. This place is simply "cool" and not because it's trying hard to be cool like so many places, there is some amazing album art on the walls, there are pinball machines, good music and the pizza is great (and cheap). It's great for adults and kids!
A hidden pizza place that serves delicious pies til 4 in the morning?  Damn I love Vegas.... . Even if you don't party or stay at the Cosmopolitan, it's worth it to exit the club around 3:45 and get to this pizzeria for a mouth-watering slice or two.  The White slice (ricotta and what tasted like truffle oil) was by far my favorite, followed closely by the classic Pepperoni.  Sister got the veggie and wasn't as enamored (or drunk) as I was, so what does she know.  . . Can't wait to come back to this spot next time Vegoos has gotch'ya girl feelin loose
Great pizza!  If you like New York style you'll love this. Any variation is delicious. Amazing crust and good sauce....2 things that matter most to me!  Oh I guess 3 things CHEESE rocks too.
This pizza is BOMB, period. . . IMO, it's kinda cool that it's pretty much a hole in the wall and that they don't advertise it. One of those exclusive things where you have to know about it through word of mouth. Almost as if it were my own little secret.. . As far as for you negative Nancys comparing this plave to NY. Get a grip, it's not New York, it's Las Vegas. You will never get NY pizza anywhere but NY. It's like going to NY to a casino (idk if they have them or not) and say well these arn't like Las Vegas...duuhhh.
Probably the only authentic New York pizzeria on the West Coast! So thin and crispy...just the way I like it. The white pizza is delicious! I had the white pizza. So garlicy delicious!
It's such an expected pleasure to have a tasty bit of pizza in such a cool little spot!  Well, perhaps it shouldn't be unexpected since everyone knows about it now, but still!  . . Even with the little hints here and there, Jim G. and I had some trouble finding it, but once we did, we were quite pleased. Sampled the Cheese, Pepperoni, and White Pizza, complete with some PBR and IPA.  4 pieces and two beers for 22 bucks; super reasonable! The White Pizza was the best, although all three were tasty!. . Enjoyed our slices in the place, rocking out to the music and losing some money to the pinball machine. Next time I'm at The Cosmopolitan, I'm totally going there! You should too =)
After hanging out at the Chandelier bar my friend Ashley was wanting a soda. Not knowing where to get one at almost 3am, she said to follow her, after going up a couple of escalators and down a narrow hallway the smell of pizza hit me in the face. OMG there is a hidden pizzeria in the hotel!!  Not only does this place have no name, you'll find no signage, and no menu. It's a very no nonsense New York-style pizza counter. To find it, look for the hallway wrapped in vintage records.There was a small line that was forming when we walked up. This place is super small and had limited seats (bar stools and a long counter). You can order a whole pie of just a couple of slices. Minh D decided to indulge in his pizza craving and get a slice which he ended up sharing with me. All i can say is wow this pizza tasted wonderful and full of cheesy goodness!! Ashley ordered a rootbeer (which has unlimited refilled as long as you are eating there). That rootbeer was the best i have had in a long time. Make sure you save your change because they have a classic pinball machine there too!!
I love everything about this place. It stands for something, a voice of truth, reason, and simplicity in a city built on ostentatious complexity and because of this, I can say with complete confidence that there is not a better meal in Las Vegas. . . So rare it is to find a great meal and an unbelievable price for Las Vegas that I would choose a meal at the Pizzeria over any other place in town. I mean it. Here you will not find a line for gamblers who have been given complementary dining and line passes, you will not need a reservation, and you will not find a dress code. . . What you will find inside this hallway is truth. People who seem genuinely happy you came in to grab a slice. You will find real pizza. Unharmed by some celebrity chef being paid too much to make expensive food that is rarely worth the cost. . . Your food is served on a cheap paper plate, your beer is served in a red plastic college party cup. Have a seat on one of the three barstools, play some pinball, watch some sports and soak it in because when you exit through that hallway, you will not find another real restaurant on the Strip until you return.
My friends and I call it "The Secret Pizza Place". We found out about this place as we were walking to Marquee and spotted a couple people chowing down on what looked like delicious pizza. We had to ask them where they got it from because there are no signs or advertisements anywhere about this place. It's super yummy and really cheap. It's such a cute little spot hidden down a hallway. We ate standing up because there was no place to sit but we didn't mind because the food made up for it. I'll be going again for sure.
With so many people raving about this pizza, i wndered. oh geez, its only pizza. how great can it be!??! . We came here on Friday night only to be closed. Didn't know it closed at 4am? or was it 6am? Came back on Saturday after the clubs and yayyyy open! Long line but not bad at all.. . O M G !. First off, the SMELL is different. it smells so delicious, nothing i have ever smelled of in a pizza!. The taste is off the hook. A bit greasy you but you need that grease and carb to soak all that alcohol up from partying at Marquee. :p. We got the combo, the one with everything in it and it is seriously the best pizza i have ever ate in my life! The crust is not thick but not crunchy thin either. . Pizza came out relatively fast, about 15 minutes for a whole pizza. Time goes by fast though when your having fun.. Located on the 3rd floor in a dark hallway next to some store.... The floor where they have the pool table along with other old antiquey games.
Genius for Cosmopolitan to have a Pizza joint open after clubbing hour!  I don't want to go to an overpriced cafe out of desperation and pay $20 for a LOWER THAN Denny's quality meals anymore!  Just under $5 you can get a delicious slice of NY pizza just enough to coat the stomach after a night of drinking.. . I went on a Wednesday night after an event at Marquee so there was no line, but I wonder how long the wait is on a busy night!
This is the best pizza ever.  I am not saying this because when I ate  it I was drunk.  It was really good.  The first night I had the pizza was actually the morning after.  I had to eat it the next morning because I fell right to sleep because I was drunk.  I got popped in the microwave and it was good!!  So the next night after another night of partying, but this time I wasnt drunk.  We bought pizza.  It was delicious!!  . The first night, we were at Marquee partying and of course we were hungry.  We went to the 3rd floor and saw a bunch of girls eating the pizza and had to ask.  It was in a hallway and there is no name or poster or anything indicating that a pizza place was there.  But you can smell.  This was a saturday night and it was a long line.  We waited about 20 minutes.  The pizzas looked good.  We got about 10 slices of pizza and paid about less than $40.  . The next night which was Sunday, there was no line at 3am.  We waited a couple minutes and ate it right there.  . If you ever in the hotel or at Marquee, you have to stop by this place.  best pizza ever!
This is my favorite place in Cosmopolitan. The white pizza is amazing and the PBR is affordable, especially given the touristy location. There are not signs indicating a pizzeria is even there, so when you do find the place it makes you feel like you discovered one of Las Vegas's hidden treasures. . . You can't beat unbelievable value coupled with great tasting food.
Incredibly hard to find but the other reviews helped! Best pizza in Vegas that I've had. For once, the food was totally worth the price in Vegas (not that it was expensive to begin with!). Like the hipster vibe and that it seems like a hidden treasure. Went during lunch on a Sunday so it definitely wasn't too crowded.
This is definitely some of the best NY style pizza I have ever had and you can find it here at the Cosmopolitan on the 3rd floor. Located next to the sushi restaurant, it's well hidden and literally a hole in the wall since there are no signs that direct to it. Once you see the pinball machine in the alley then you have found it!. . Well it's a cool spot, they have two pinball machines at the front. The pizza is really great and they're open until 5 in the morning. This is one of the true hidden gems on the Las Vegas strip and the pizza is affordable which is great considering how expensive the food on the strip can be.. . Highly recommended!
Amazing!  I love how you feel like you've found a hidden gem, not to mention the best pizza I've had.  We both had two pieces: cheese, mozzarella, veggie, and mushroom...all were great, but the cheese is my favorite.  They have the perfect amount of cheese sauce and the thin crust is phenomenal!  Not a lot of seating, but lucky for us we went for an early dinner (around 6:30pm) on a Saturday night so we sat next to the pinball machine.
Late-nite munchies? Need some grub at 4 am to avoid a typical Vegas hangover? Look no further. This "not so secret" NY style pizzeria is located on the third floor of  Cosmopolitan down the narrow hallway by the pool tables.  The pizza is amazing, especially the white pizza and whatever sausage special they have. Prices are fair at about $4/slice.  Go ahead and order 2 slices from the get go, you won't regret it.  They try to move the line along as quickly as possible. It's probably worth leaving the clubs a little early to beat the rush.  The pizza was so good, that we actually ended up there 2 nights in a row.  First night, we got the pizza to go and took it to our room.  My advice would be to just eat it there while it's hot and fresh.  They also serve a couple beers on tap, in case you didn't have enough vodka red-bulls at the club.  This is probably the best late night snack in Vegas.
I know, I am the 9,999,999th person to review this place, right? But I just had to because I want to sing its praises. I love this pizza. I love it sober, and buzzed, and drunk, and REALLY drunk. It's a pizza for all occasions! . . I have eaten at the Pizzeria or "Secret Pizza" about 5 or 6 times, all on differing occasions of having been at the Cosmo drinking or working or just hanging out and needing something to munch on. . . Look, I'm not a pizza expert. I don't go around bashing deep dish or praising New York style or what have you, but I do like to eat pizza. A lot. So I guess the Pizzeria is your typical "New York" style pizza. Thin, crunchy, big slices you can fold up. I've had many different types, just cheese, pepperoni and sausage, and their pizza made with their white sauce - mmmm! Very good and typically I don't like white sauce on my pizza!. . All in all I love this place. I love that it's secret and that it is in the Cosmo. I just can't get enough of it and I will be sad when I no longer live in Las Vegas and cannot get these yummy slices of heaven.
From a person that is from NY and in love with her NY style pizza, I have to say this place is pretty darn good! I haven't gone to every place in Vegas claiming to have the best NY style pizza...but out of places i HAVE gone to, this spot is where i keep going back to for my fix. It reminds me of home! So good!
When you're drunk and running around Vegas, want really good pizza really fast, this is the place to go. No, seriously. Not much place to sit though, so most of the time you're going to have to take your slice/pizza to go.. It's a hole in the wall place in the middle of The Cosmopolitan - I would suggest the "White Pizza"... not too heavy and really tasty!
Seriously, some of the best pizza I've ever had... and I had to go all the way to Las Vegas to get it! Sure, I'm here in NYC where supposedly there's lots of good pizza, but so far, nothing comes close to what I had at the Pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan Hotel & Resort. This place is hidden in between a few other restaurants in a shopping & dining area attached to the hotel-- there are no signs, so if you can't locate it, ask around. You won't be sorry. . . So what made this pizza so awesome? Well, first off, the crust was just right-- not too crunchy and not too soft... the pizza sauce was perfect and seasoned just right... and the cheese and toppings were fresh and tasty. On two different visits last week, I had a couple of difference slices-- I tried both the pepperoni and meatball. The 2nd time I had them add ricotta to my meatball slice... and all I can say is, "Amazing!"
Good lord this is the best pizza west of New York!!!
Literally some of the greatest pizza that I have ever had in my life.  This hidden gem tucked away in the Cosmopolitan is a must have if you are on the central Vegas strip.  Go out of your way to get a slice of this pizza!
Ahh, the secret pizza place.  On my most recent trip to Vegas I remember stumbling into your cheesy grotto back to back nights.  Their white pizza is to die for!  Nice thin and crispy slices, perfectly balanced sauce, and fresh ricotta was divine.  I will seek you out again.
Good find.  Pizza rocks.  So does the beer from the green tap.
This place is special: no signs, no name (just pizza), in a hallway that looks like it's leading to a restroom and on a third floor of Cosmopolitan...it's easy to miss out one of the best spots of Vegas.. . They are open till 5AM in the morning and their New York Style pizza can stand its ground from a reviewer who grew up in NYC.  Thin crust, excellent cheese and fresh toppings, quick and cheap (for vegas) slice any time of the day...and let me tell you....it's a big slice.  . . Everything was perfectly balanced...the amount of sauce, cheese, toppings, crust....nothing overpowered any part of this pizza to bring out the best bite possible.  . . This will be the best $4 bucks you will ever spend in Vegas.   . . And if you dance in front of the cashier for 15 seconds, you get a free slice!   (i'm just kidding...but i really wanted to after the first bite).
Eat here! . . The greasy pizza is perfect after drinking all night, its open late, and its CHEAP!!!. . . Do it!
From someone from NY this is about as good as it gets.  Don't miss it.
I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago and was looking for a place to get a quick cheap bite to eat.  So off to Yelp I go for some suggestions and came across this place.  Yelpers came through once again.  The pizza was off the hook at this little hole in the wall.  And when I say hole in the wall, I mean hole in the wall.  The place is hard to find.  The Cosmo does not list it anywhere on their signs.  We had to ask several people before we were guided in the right direction.  Its on the third floor of the hotel toward the back down a long hallway with no signs outside.  Just keep asking and you'll find it.. . The pizza was really good and cheap.  Had a couple slices of mushroom and one pepperoni with a couple PBR's.  I'm assuming this is what NY style pizza is suppose to taste like.  The place is super tiny and can only fit like 10 people and they only had 3 stools.  But its meant to be a quick bite, not a sit down type of place.. . This will really hit the spot if you're looking for a quick late night meal to hold you over.  Highly recommend it!
Was in Vegas two weeks ago and made it a point to seek this place out and try their pizza.  Found it, ate it, loved it!. . Had a slice of cheese, plus a slice of sausage and pepper.  I used to live in Long Island, NY, so I know some good pie when I taste it.  As close to NY-style pizza as I've had in years, and definitely the best in Vegas.. . Nice, small joint, with a flat screen on the wall, two pinball machines, and an arcade video game.  All of the five or six stools were taken, but I was fine standing at the counter getting my pizza on.  I came on a weekday afternoon so it wasn't busy at all.  I'm sure during the evenings or late-night hours, the place must get crazy packed.. . Definitely worth checking out if you're at the Cosmo or just want some seriously delicious pizza!
Oh my gosh! The pizza was BOMB! We had a slice of the meatball, jalapeno peppers, and the ricotta cheese pizzas. It was so good! In fact, if I had the time in the world, I would sit there and eat a whole pizza by myself! This place is kind of hidden. We parked in the west wing of cosmopolitan and walked across to the eat wing. It's located on the top floor where the pool table is and is literally a hallway in the wall right next to a spinning door thing...We basically looked around and stalked some people carrying pizza out of a hole in the wall...This is definitely one of the best places to try out when in LV.
It was definitely one of the best pizza i ever had! they didn't have a big selection but what they have is great. I really liked their white pizza. the dough is amazing! the cheese is great. i definitely recommend it!
It was 2am and my crew and I were at the Bellagio with our stomachs growling.  I made a suggestion of getting some slices at Sirrico's Pizza at the New York New York resort.  We would be cutting close and our friend suggested a new spot at the new and shiny Cosmopolitan.  I took to my faithful Yelp app and we were down with its near perfect five stars and late hours (until 5am!).. . First and foremost, The Cosmopolitan might be the new Wynn.  It's beautiful with hot girls everywhere. The bars are plenty, the resort is bustling with nightlife and good times everywhere you look. Welook for a hotel guide and interestingly enough, the pizza place isn't listed.  Odd.  We ask a staff member and up we go on a glass elevator that Tony Montana would have in his mansion.  . . The pizzeria is nowhere to be found, but the hint of party-goers with paper plates and slices gives you all the info you need.  We head down a dark hallway and make it to our final destination.  The parlor is busy and cracking with hungry customers at all hours. The pizza place is still relatively new and it shows.  There was a small line and we waited a good 10 minutes in line.  As I approached the glass, they had a few pies, which included a combo, veggie, cheese, peperoni, and some other odds and ends.  . . I went with their veggie offering and a cheese and ricotta slice. The cute cashier (Christie) rang me up and the damage was about $12 for two slices and a Pabst beer.  A set of stools offer a seating area for a few patrons, but expect them to be used at all times.  Fortunately, there's plenty of seating areas nearby. I took my first bite and the pizza was delish! The cheese was gooey and hot.  The veggies were fresh and had that contrast I looked for with the cheese and crust.  Overall, the pizza is great and the "secret" location adds a nice cool factor.  The pizza place itself is four stars, but the fact that it's open until 5am and the secret location bumps it one more star.
YUMMMMOOOO. After clubbing at Marquee at 2am, you will be so tired and hungry! but luckily there is this random pizzeria down some random hallway! There is a long line, but its worth the wait because the pizza is sooo damn good! The pizza reminds me a of a new york pizza. Its big, thing and the crust is super crispy. Its about 3-4 dollars a slice and my oh my it is totally worth EVERY Penny! I got the pepperoni and meatball pizza, and a peppericni, bell pepper, and turkey?? slice. They were all delicious! And on top of that, I was short 50 cents on cash and the guy was nice enough to just give me the two slices for 9 dollars. THat is really good customer service :)
I would never stop by this place if not because of my friends recommended to me. The restaurant is small and does not have very many seating. When you come to Cosmo you are thinking overpriced restaurants. This place is like a fast food restaurant in a luxury hotel. The price is reasonable. You can come here and grab something to eat and go party. Pizza topping is excellent. I can taste the fresh ingredients. Say goodbye to frozen pizza at home.
Buzzin', lookin' for a munchin' after getting your dance on at Marquee? Well, look no further because BAM! There's a hole in the wall ready and willing to serve your drunk behind! . . The pizzeria is literally a hole in the wall.  Located right next to the billiard table and chairs, which is coincidentally outside of the exit of Marquee.  There are no signs, so just take a chance going down a long hallway covered with photos of old celebrities, news papers and magazines.. . I love that you can pretty much customize your pizza on the spot.  They have generic ones out, but they also have toppings on hand that you can add to your pizza! I personally like the Pepperoni, Bacon, Green Peppers medley.  Of course, adding toppings will raise the cost...how much, I really can't say because I've ordered blindly the last few times I've been.. . Overall, great niche in the Cosmopolitan that won't cost you an arm and a leg, and tastes pretty darn good! Bonus points for having TWO pinball machines! ;]
Being that I stay at the Cosmo now (yes they won me over from Palazzo/Harrah's) I always make it a point to stop at this spot. Lunch or Dinner I think it beats all the high end restaraunts in the Cosmo...especially for the price. The Tapas joint has salty foods, the sushi joint is just ok, Comme Ca - I have yet to try. The cafe on the ground floor is good if you can beat the line.. . Now DO NOT go here after the clubbing hours. Its madness, the pies get picked up almost immediately and it takes forever to get a couple slices because people just want something in there tummies to take the buzz off or kill the hangover that is going to come the next night. . . GIven its next to Marquee - all the clubbers will hit this spot immediately after partying.. . I have met the chef here, and he was real friendly as is most of the staff (Unless its post clubbing time - which is crunchtime for them)! I recommend the white cheese pizza and a simple Pepperoni. But if its late - good luck whatever comes out of the oven first is what you are going to get - but alas - the pies here are all good. I have tried 5 or 6 flavors and none have dissapointed me. . . Here's a secret - if you are staying at the Cosmo you can order a whole Pizza and they will deliver it to your room. It takes about 45-1 hour but it beats waiting in line with the rest of the drunkies!
This place has the best NY style pizza on the West coast, and thats saying a lot. I also love that it's a hush hush pizzeria. They dont need flashy signs to sell their delicious pizza, they have a great reputation. If you want a great slice ask for the margarita. Oh! And dont take your pizza to the crap tables... they will kick you off. ;)
Like that scene out of Beerfest, my buddy and I were wandering (read: stumbling around drunkenly) the public areas of The Cosmopolitan at 4 in the morning looking for this place that I'd read so much about.  We followed the trail of cardboard boxes and scent of melted mozzarella to an unmarked hallway filled with people waiting in line for a slice of heaven after a night of partying.. . We were WASTED and had four hungry, inebriated mouths to feed, so ordering slices to take back to the room was NOT going to cut the mustard.  We get to the front around 4:30 and I start to order a whole pizza and the guy tells me "no more whole pies, only slices," at which point my jaw hit the floor.  Then he starts flirting with the group of whorish looking teeny-boppers behind me and it looks like he's going to make them their own pizza, at which point I YELLED "if you make these girls a custom pie I am going to lose my shit all over your fucking pizzeria!!!"  I think I continued digging my own grave by talking shit about his all white Yankee cap and said something about Derek Jeter being over-rated and why is this guy a Yankee fan, blah, blah, drunk-itty blah.  And you know what this SAINT does? He ends up making me a custom fucking pie, after I was about at my rudest to him and a couple other staffers (I MUST have apologized, but I can't remember clearly, though I do remember begging like a bratty little kid for my pizza).. . What I also remember clearly is that our sausage, pepperoni, bell pepper, mushroom, and garlic pizza was one of the greatest pizzas, drunk or not, I've ever eaten.  Each topping was fresh and flavorful, definitely not run of the mill meats.  Even if you're not clubbing at Marquee or gambling at the Cosmo, skip the 24-hour joints and fast-food haunts and get your drunk-ass here to grub.  And be nice to the staff - they might just make your night, you undeserving sloppy d-bag/biatch.
As an ex-New Yorker living in Arizona, the lack of good pizza has more than once nearly drove me to buy an airline ticket. Then I heard about the Cosmopolitan's "Secret Pizza" recommended by some friends in AZ. And frankly, since one grew up in Syracuse and the other in Ohio, I wasn't hopeful.. . But I gotta tell all - this is THE PLACE! It is truly NY pizza - at least a "good" there!  And thousands of miles closer. 4+ hours by car or less than an hour by plane.. . I hadn't been a regular Vegas visitor for the nearly 20 years of living out west, but Secret Pizza will do it. I might not be a gambler, but this I'll go back for, and regularly.
galaga 10 percent alchy beer on tap and the best pizza in the world?!? hidden gem that still isnt that crowded yet i remember when no one knew of this place but now there is a small wait but OMG what a great vegas meal some greezy pizza to soak up that alchy and open till 5am . . this place is vegas!!!
I was thinking there was no way I'd find good pizza in Nevada (at least since Cosa Nostra gave up its casinos). This pizzeria proved me decisively wrong. It's some of the best true New York style pizza I've had. The slices was large and foldable with excellent crust. The fresh mozzarella was great as was the pepperoni. Everything had a strong & delicious taste. . . Thus, down a hallway on the third floor of a Vegas shopping center, I found the best pizza I've had outside of New York & Italy.
Because of your hours of operation and taste Pizzeria you get this rating.  Saved our bday party you did.  After a long night of partying or clubbing good luck battling the crowds from marquee.  The wait for the pizza and the long line = about an hour during semi prime time.
Definitely the place to enjoy late night food after clubbing at Marquee. The wait can be long and there isn't a readily available menu to see the pizza selections. The pinball and arcade games give it a vintage feel. The pizzas are similar to NY style pizza with large slices. Can't go wrong with the mushroom and cheese pizza. The pepperoni and sausage pizza was also delicious. FYI - The slices are about $7.50 each. Overall, a great place to sober up and enjoy late night food.
I passed by the place at first. Next to Jaleo there is a long hallway into a small pizzeria. Not much seating inside, but plenty of places to plop your ass down in the lobby after a loooong night of shaking that boot-ay at Marquee (or wherever). They are open late! Pizza was impressively good. Fresh and piping hot like I like it. The crust is thin and has awesome crunch throughout. I had mushroom pepperoni which was rocking. Friends had a white cheese pizza with garlic, feta, and olive oil. It was excellent too. This beats the street vendor dogs wrapped in bacon after L.A. clubbing anyday.
Came here around 3am and the pepperoni slice ($3.75) I had was delicious. . Some guy ahead of me asked the pizza guy: What's name of the place? . "Didn't you see the sign outside?" . No.. "Exactly.". . I like the no frills atmosphere, and how they don't care anything but serving some good slices of pizza. Outside the shop, Cosmo has a billiards table set up and some comfy chairs and sofas for you to sit and relax. Neat.
Not exactly sure how they pulled this off, but yeah, it's legit NYC pizza.
My friends and I will forever thank Yelp for helping us discover this small pizza shop hidden in the upscale hotel of The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas! New York style pizzza in Vegas, what more could you ask for?. . The pizza is executed and prepared so well at Pizzeria. The ingredients are simple but individually are bold in flavors. I got to try most, if not all the ready-made pizzas and toppings they had to offer.. . The first pizzas I tried were the pepperoni pizza and the plain cheese pizza. The large slices of pepperoni were perfectly salty and balanced well with the tomato sauce, cheese, and crust. The cheese pizza was rich and flavorful, but I thought it could have used a little more cheese.. . The second time I came, which was the next day, I ordered the Ricotta cheese pizza and the  Pepperoncini (banana pepper) and Sausage pizza. Absolutely delicious, they nailed it when it comes to flavor combinations. The mild sourness from the pepper helped breakdown the saltiness from the cheese and just complimented the sausage real well. As for the ricotta cheese, it was creamy and rich which added flavor to every bite. Here's how I rate the pizzas:. . Pepperoni & Cheese - 4/5. Cheese Pizza - 3.5/5. Pepperoncini & Sausage - 5/5. Ricotta Cheese Pizza - 4.5/5 . . After trying the pizza, I told a few of my friends and they went to try it for themselves and fell in love the same way I did. A lot of pizza joints can't do that nowadays! My only critique would have to be that the pizza was a little bit on the greasy side, but in my opinion, some pizza are just made to be greasy -- it helps add flavor!   . . If I could give one advice to the owner, it would to change the name to  Luigi's Pizzeria in order to reflect its more Italian roots! Also, they should have more signs because I had to ask twice from different employees at the hotel where to find the 'hidden' pizza place.
NY style pizza in upscale Cosmopolitan for under $5? I'll take it! Hidden spot in the third floor of the Cosmo.  Head up the escalator and take a right at the hallway and you wind up in a mini pizza joint.  . . Fresh thin crust Pizza at your fingertips! We stopped by here for a snack and decided that this is the perfect after clubbing snack as well. Marked it down that we will stop by here after clubbing.  I opted for the White Pizza Ricotta + mozzarella cheese pizza. Delish! The crust was perfect ! . . Really enjoyed it and sure enough the next night after Marquee we stopped by here for another slice! Tried the sausage one this time - not as much as a fan as the Ricotta Cheese one. They come out really greasy so if you watching your calories, dab it with some napkins. . . Line gets loooong after the clubs, you will need to be patient next to the drunkards in line.
Super good after night after clubbing and drinking the night away. Went here for dinner one night and after clubbing at Marquee the next night. Really need to keep your eyes on point to find this place. There are no signs anywhere and you will walk past it - i walked past it 3 times looking for it. haha. Great pizza, takes only 15 minutes to order a whole pie. There are awesome couches in front of the place to sit down and eat. Overall - highly recommend especially when your looking for a place to eat that's cheap after a good night out.
This place is a hidden gem... literally hidden.  I'm not gonna go into too much detail, cuz I don't want too many tourists crowding the place and have it lose it's cool, speaky-easy-ness.  You'll just have to find it.  (Think of it as a fun game.). . The pizza is frickin' awesome.  The crust is thin and perfect.  . And for the price, including a drink, it's an amazing value for a quick bite, or for some late night gnoshing after some drinking.. . Don't think that you'll be able to go and gather around a table.  It's not a pizza parlour.  Stools.  Counter tops.  Pizza.  Beer.  Awesome.
If you can find this place, you win!. . A friend recommended this place to me and I had to ask a cosmo worker where it was.  He pointed me down this alley which looks like it should go to some restrooms.  After going down the hall though, there was this cool pizza joint.  . . Ordered a couple slices and it tasted AWESOME after a night of Vegas.  Maybe it was the grease.  Maybe it was the thin crisypness.  True NY Style pizza at its best!  Had a couple slices here on both of my trips to Vegas this year and will definitely return.
OMG this was some of the best pizza I've ever had.. . Went here with the mister around 8pm on a Sunday. No long line.  Awesome! We both got the ricotta and garlic and I got an additional slice of the green bell with sausage. I love that the crust was thin but with good flavor and that they serve you your drinks in red plastic cups hahha. Very comfy.. . Yeah, there are no little signs to tell you what's what, but the guys there DO speak fluent English so you can just ask! Duhhhh. And if you have such a big problem with talking to people and asking questions, you can just point at whatever catches your eye. There ARE some combos that they don't have on the counter that are on shelves underneath.  You're guaranteed a fresh slice because that stuff is just going constantly.. . I love that the place is not marked/listed on any directory and that you have to travel down a long hallway off the main part of the floor to find it.  Makes it feel kinda special.  Definitely coming back to try some of their other pizzas the next time I'm in Las Vegas!
This place is hidden behind the clear/silver elevator across from STK.  It's not on any maps & it's down a hallway.  They had the best think crust pizza.  If you don't like pizza sauce they have a "white" slice and it has no tomato sauce.  Just cheese & garlic.  It's only $3.50 for a slice, however the soda in a red cup is the SAME price.  I thought that was a bit  much.  As soon as you come up the escalator stay straight ahead and you'll see it .
CHEAP AND GOOD PIZZA. . (drunk OR sober). 3rd floor of the cosmo. Gotta walk down this long hall and BAM a pizza place? yep. I feel like the definition of a hole in the wall. I had a slice of the mushroom pizza and it was delicious. My BF works at a pizza place so I get way too much pizza all the time, but this place was really good and I was really happy. They also serve Pabst beer in a red solo cup. Classy! Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely come by again and try some of the other types of pizza.
This is one of my favorite joints in town.. . What started off as a "Where's Waldo" type of eating establishment, has quickly become the staple of anyone's Cosmo visit. Nestled in a secret hallway on the third floor, this pizza joint features a vintage arcade cabinet and pinball machine, flatscreen tv usually playing Sportscenter and oh yeah, delicious freakin' pizza!. . I have only frequented this place as a late night, drunken jaunt when I'm stricken by hunger pains and the buzz has started to wear off. However, this place can serve as a great lunch/dinner option as well.. . The pizza is flat and delicious, the beer is from the tap and the decor is vintage. What isn't to love?!
Pizzeria is an interesting juxtaposition against its landlord the Cosmopolitan.  It is almost everything the Cosmo is not.. . Attractive employees? No.  Attitudes?  No.  *Fast and efficient?  Yes.  Classy?  No (red cups, Pabst Blue Ribbon, boxed wine).  Friendly?  Yes.  Relatively cheap?  Yes.. . If you have trouble finding it, take the escalators to the 3rd floor and ask any of the neighboring establishments and they'll point you in the right direction.. . Manufactured aura aside, the NY style pizza is one of the best I had.  In fact, buddies and I came here on 3 different occasions within a span of 12 hours.  Slices are served scorching hot so be prepared to scrape the roof of your mouth if you're famished and can't wait.  Trust me, well worth the 2nd degree burns.  . . *If you don't want to wait more than 15 minutes, pick from the selection there or call ahead and order a whole pie.  Counters only, no seats but plush love seats are available about 15 yards away.
NY style pizza, thin crispy crust and tasty meatballs!  Relatvely cheap eat on the strip... . Only problem is so hard to find this place.  It is so hidden next to the sushi restaurant
This is the best slice of White Pizza I've had in Vegas.. . There are 2 things that seem to be lacking in Vegas, those are BBQ and NY Style Pizza. Now with the "Hidden" Pizza place I can scratch NY style pizza off that list.. . The crust is perfect, the sauce and toppings are great, the service is usually pretty fast, and the prices are shockingly affordable for somewhere inside a high end property.. . Have the white pizza you won't regret it!!!
so good. not totally expensive per slice. fresh. yummy
I am a lover of New York style thin crust pizza and this place definitely delivered. At this visit, I tried a slice with meatballs and pepperocinis and a meat lovers. They had the right mixture of heat, grease, sauce and cheese. I will definitely be going back next time I'm in Vegas.
Best white pizza I have ever had.  . . Great crispy crust.  . Delicious cheese.. Sweet roasted garlic.. Rich and Creamy ricotta cheese.  . . Don't be afraid to ask for a free refill for your coke before you walk back out into the Vegas heat.
Went here on Sunday afternoon with a friend and his daughter. What a great little find! . . Had a great slice of cheese pizza for only $3.50. . I can't even get a slice that good for that little at home, nevermind anywhere in Las Vegas on The Strip! . . 3rd floor.. that's all I'm saying.. Follow your nose!
i wrote this on my cosmopolitan review but..... . if your pizza can taste better than NY pizza... it's GG.. . i ate this two days in a row. . . ASK PEOPLE where this is.. there are no signs for this pizza place!
Finally a solid NY slice on the Strip. Hidden away next to the pool table but so worth the trip. Great white pizza too.
I felt like I HAD to go here when everyone was mentioning the "secret" pizza place.  Following my fellow Yelp-ers directions, we stumbled upon this place and the smells were amazing!. . I kept it simple and we got a slice of the white pizza and the regular pepperoni pizza (we had just eaten at Pink's so we were a bit full).  Brought the slices back to the hotel (mistake, btw.  I should've eaten it right away.  They're best when hot from the oven!) and devoured it.  . . The food was soooooooo awesome and easy on the wallet.  I definitely wanna go back!
No joke it is a hole in the wall on the third floor of the Cosmo In-between 2 very nice restaurants. . . Not only was this prolly some of the best pizza my wife and I have ever had.... They have PBR on tap and serve it to you in a red keg cup. It made me feel like I was in high school again.. . Now that we are home my wife won't stop talking about this ridiculous pizza.. . Amaze balls go eat it now and thanks to yelpers for bringing us there.
If you are anywhere near the Cosmopolitan you must grab a slice of pizza here! At $3.50 a slice and $.50 per topping, this NY style pizza is just what one needs to curb that Vegas party appetite. Even better at 3 am after playing an awesome game of craps and lovely with a coke.. . The service is great here and just beware that if you want a whole pizza you should call ahead. There's almost always a line no matter what time of day or night you visit this hidden pizzeria. During my four day trip to Las Vegas I came back to the pizzeria three times. Now that I'm back in Honolulu I only wish I could magically transport myself down to that little hallway. Crispy crust, amazing pepperoni and just what the doctor ordered when you're hungry and waking up in Vegas!. . Yelp 365 Challenge: #34/365 (The Slice)
So amazing! Talk about hole-in-the-wall.. . Take the escalators up to the third floor and veer left. Ignore the tapas bars and swanky restaurants that charge $30 a plate to your right. Head for a small hallway lined with kooky vintage vinyl cover art and you'll find yourself at one of the best hidden gems Vegas has to offer.. . We were starving and broke in Vegas (surprise, surprise) and found our way here thanks to glowing Yelp reviews. Boyfriend and I shared three slices and a PBR between us for about $17. There were no tables, just bar space for about five people, and the bars were taken up. We took our pizza out to the lounge area on the third floor landing and ate between some pool tables and a nonfunctional record player. The pizza was delicious New York style, very flavorful and fresh. They had yummy selections like meatball and pepperoncini. We waited in line for about 15 minutes, but it was totally worth it.. . Hip, cheap, and tasty! Nothing more to say. :)
It's like the Secret Garden in pizza world.. . Cheap/Affordable slice or whole pies in Vegas? And at the Cosmopolitan? Are u kidding me? Am I in heaven???. . 4 simple yet sexy worded instructions: ORDER THE WHITE PIZZA. . We ordered a whole pie for the 3 of us and did 1/2 of it white and the other 1/2 with 3 toppings - sausage, green bell peppers and meatballs (I was only allowed 2 slices of the white, cheat meal madness!).. . What did I think of the pizza? Umm...my panties were soaked, my nips got super hard and I was still drooling over the delicious ricotta cheese they used on the pizza, even after we all finished up and walked out of the secret little hole.. . I'm "cumming" back here for sure!
I visited Vegas and partied the night away with the besties.  . After, one of my friends suggested this hidden pizza place that you basically have to find on your own..She stated that this pizza place has "NY PIZZA"..hmmmm being from NY it automatically flared a red flag.  I was a little negative about that statement but I decided to give it a shot.. . We walked around barefoot (shoes in hand) and asked many security guards of where this place was and the response we got were fingers pointing in weird directions.  YES they DO NOT tell you exactly where it is, you have to find it on your own! (what a pain in the ass) I hoped this pizza was worth it for all this run around BS.. . We finally found it and we were greeted to a line of people outside of a narrow hallway...GREAT!...but as soon as I saw the pizza pies lined up against the glass window like NY pizzerias are, I started to think positively of this whole situation.  They had white pizza, regular, pepperoni, sausage..etc.  I had the sausage and mushroom and a small soda, it came out to 5 something and change, ok close to an NY price.. . Now the real test..took my first bite.....and YES it was freakin GOOD!  I swear I heard "Dream Weaver" play in the background..LOL.  The crust was crisp, sauce and cheese was just right, it wasn't greasy or soggy...ahh man! brings back memories!. . I had ONE SLICE...what a mistake! I would get a whole pie next time... It isn't better than NY pizza but I must say, It is as good as it gets!
I don't live in NY but Ive been there. Ive even had pizza there. This place had pizza better than the 4 slices I tried in NY. . . According to my wife, a NY native, this is how NY pizza is!!! Its nostalgically home
awesome, just awesome. great value. great hours. the white pizza is so damn good.
A perfect bite after a night of drinking and dancing, enough to soak up the alcohol and slap you back to sobriety. . . My BFF and I decided to play a round of pool after the club and after hustling it from several unsuspecting men, treated ourselves to pizza. From what I can remember at 4am, the place wasn't marked with obvious signs of house made pizzas. But what was vivid was kicking off our heels, putting our feet up and enjoying my glorious cheese pizza- with extra money in our purses.
80s arcade nostalgia and some bomb pizza.. . This secret pizza joint is hidden on the 3rd floor near the pool table down a long hall.  Very cool decor with pinball machines and just has a 80s kid hangout vibe to it.  They are open late and the pizza is damn good.. . White pizza - thin crust with little mounds of ricotto cheese dispersed all over.  Add whatever toppings your feeling.  I went with mushroom, olives, and peppercinis and it was real good.. . Beer - PBR or Stone IPA served in the red party cups, sweet!. . I also saw some people getting single slices and adding a ton of toppings like sausage and meatball slices, looked like a meat lovers paradise.. . Cool spot , good price, open late.
Food: Its pizza. Its great!. Price: $4.50/slice + 50 cents per topping. Service: You seat yourself. 6 or 7 people can sit at the place. It's very casual. Open Seating. The guys taking the order were nice. . Location: Its hidden, but its on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan at the end of the hallway opposite the pool table
I heard from a little bird that this place was a hidden treasure at the Cosmo. They were right! Located in a semi-hidden alley on the 3rd floor across from the pool tables. Just go all the way in and it looks like a quick stop pizza shop like in New York. It was $4.50 per slice and I haven't had New York style pizza this good since I was last in New York!! The thin crust and the super-elongating-cheese-when-you-bite-into-it-just-like-in-the-movies is heaven! . . I love how this is open late and we just came out of Marquee and satisfed our late night cravings. For being surrounded by $$$$ restaurants, this place is awesome. Thank you Cosmo for giving at least one cheaper food option. . . Only con: very limited seating in there (maybe like 6-8 stools). You have to go outside and eat. My friend and I just ate on the couches by the pool tables.
Oh PIZZERIA how I love thee! . . My favorite part about this place, other than the delicious pizza, is the fact that it's sort of a secret. You wont see any signs, you cant find it on a map, everyone knows how delicious the pizza is BUT no one knows where its at- at least until you finally find it :b it's in this tiny little wedge in the wall at the Cosmopolitan.. . SO, ordered a sausage, green pepper, and garlic pizza pie. Yes, it cost around $20+ but it was sooooo worth it. The menu is simple and your not gonna find a whole lot of fancy food items, just the regular stuff (Pepperoni, sausage, cheese, peppers, onions, etc.). Did I mention that they serve beer? Sure, the cheap stuff, but you cant go wrong with delicious pizza and cheap beer. The joint is small, AND I MEAN SMALL, a couple counter tops and a few arcade games and pinball machines. I recommend taking your order to go. If you want, theres a small game lounge area across from the entrance where you can sit and enjoy your delicious pizza.
Waaaaooooow!!!  Thank goodness for friends who know of good food!  Yes, it really is just by word of mouth.  DEFINITELY perfect after too-much-drinking-too-much-dancing (..or never too much).. . That's right, there are no signs or advertisements that will assist in you finding this place.  So hopefully, you have knowledgeable foodie friends or ... just ask around.. . It is a bit pricey, but I'm sure the non-sober ones don't care about price at 3 AM.  After clubbing, went back to the room (b/c we were ballin' and stayed at Cosmo), changed out of our heels, and split a large pizza between 5 girls. Sausage, mushrooms, and ricotta cheese (I think!).  Divine!  I've missed NY style pizza, and I haven't been able to find a good place back in SoCal.  The crust was light, crispy but a tad soft.  We ate it right then and there by some couches, so the cheese was so goooooey!. . giiiiit it!
Move. the. hell. over, Earl of Sandwich. I found a new late-night lover and it's NY style pizza in Vegas. . . My girlfriend raved about this place, while I rolled my eyes and insisted we go to Earl instead. She convinced me and we walked on over after a long night at the Marquee (both conveniently located in the Cosmo) and we were all speechless after our first bite. . . We ordered a combo of white cheese, sausage, pepperoni, and mushrooms. I've never been a HUGE fan of pizza, but this thin, wide slice was simple and flawless. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=3cIZSbjXqJxr59N_84xHKQ. . Do you remember when Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello, and Raphael (TMNT) ended their adventure by tearing down a slice of ooey gooey cheese pizza? . . WE FELT EXACTLY LIKE THAT (or at least I did).
Best pizza I have ever had in life.
(THANK YOU YELP FOR INFORMING ME OF THIS HIDDEN TREASURE!!). . Contrary to the typical Strip places, this place is NOT pretentious and NOT overpriced. . . FYI, this place is located on the 3rd flow of the Cosmopolitan.  The entrance looks like a narrow hallway to the restrooms.  Its opening is adjacent to the pool table.  There is no sign.. . This is the best pizza I have had outside of nyc.  Whatever this place is called, it has a loyal follower for life.
THE BEST CHEESE PIZZA ON EARTH!!!! Tucked away... Great price on a whole pizza at 4 am to scarf after dancing at Marquee...drinks served in red keg cups...love it
Best pizza in town hands down.. My best friend actually lives in the suburbs of Las Vegas and we still make a trip down to the cosmo for this pizza... I usually get the white pizza and ask them to add salami on it and make it well done (so it's nice and crispy)... if you haven't tried this place yet, you need to.
on the higher end of the price side for pizza but goes to show you get what you pay for. i have been there quite a few times now. . on the note of the location of it, it really is extremely hidden you could walk by the entrance a million times and never see it, in fact i did walk past it atleast 5-6 times if not more before asking the security people where it was.. . DIRECTIONS YOULL NEED:. its on the 3RD FLOOR. when you go up the escalator (assuming you come up the same one i did lol) youll see a pool table to your left and some chairs.. if you look straight ahead from that escalator youll see a hallway (next to an elevator) its a very narrow small looks like an entrance that could be for the maintenance to go through, THATS IT, that brown little hallway that looks like nothing.
HELLOOOOO hung over food...vhere hve uuu beeeeen?? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=18_2XSMyx0Lwl2RWNkLMpg. . T.H.E. place to drag your post Marquee, hung over, puked out, makeup-less ass to stuff face....if you don't mind the walk of shame, that is.  Of course there are plenty of normal ppl (Meee) lining up for the delicious NY style pizza by the slice or box. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=4NbyT2TlL2PdMyrG-0BLLA. . $5 per slice or $22 per box, this baby is like the 2am diiiirty hot dog on Hollywood Blvd but better. http://www.yelp.com/biz/hollywood-blvd-hotdog-vendor-hollywood#hrid:HID2ZLJ9bBGibM5yP-NX3g Don't mind the wait, chat up the stranger standing in front of you or behind you and dont' judge if someone suddenly made a mad dash out to the restroom (comes standard when you are waiting with a bunch of equally boozed out crowd).. . I'm actually craving for a slice right now...mmmm....pizzzaaaaa
One of the best slices of pizza I've ever tried.  There's places that do certain parts of a pizza  well, but I really liked just about everything about this place.  Cool setting and atmosphere, friendly staff, and most importantly, good pizza.  I tried a slice of the white pizza and one of the supremes.  The white pizza was a perfect blend of different cheeses, garlic, and a fantastic crust.  Almost cracker like on the outside, yet moist and chewy on the inside.  While I also enjoyed the supreme, it seemed to be lacking something....hard to pin point it.  Overall, they pretty much nailed it though.
This place actually has no name...but I guess "Secret Pizza" will do.  The NY style pizza is as good as you will get in Vegas and it is a bargain as well (on the strip).  You can get two slices and a soda (in a red dixie cup) for ~$12...not bad for a quick bite on the strip.
The secret pizza isn't a secret anymore. Ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza. It was bomb.  NY style type pizza. Place is definitely hidden. Next to earl of sandwich, it is my new place to eat .
Really scrummy pizza. I played Ms Pacman for the first time in decades...I am still rubbish at it, but what fun! There isn't much else to say about this hidden gem. Would you go here for a candlelight dinner for two? Nope. Could it be the best slice in Vegas? Quite possibly.. . (Later edit: I have been back when I was the designated driver and had to up it to 5 stars! Not only is it the best slice in Vegas...it could be the best slice in the WORLD! Seriously!! It's THAT good)
Oh Secret Pizza how I love you.  I will get in the car and go to Cosmo just to get you.  . . Best pizza in Vegas, perfect Brooklyn style, delicious crust, melty gooey cheese. I've been probably a dozen times since the Cosmo opened and only once has it not been the best thing ever.  Go ahead and bring a friend or two and order a whole pie because a slice only leaves you wanting more.  Plus the people watching is great, especially the nights Marquee is open and all the clubgoers  are standing in line getting pizza at 3 AM.  Also, I've seen Nelly and other celebs there before too so it's not just us little people that like the pizza hehehe
- No sign telling you where you are. . - Open until 5 AM.. - They sell PBR dispensed in red cups. - The irony of having a restaurant that sells $5 slices of NY style pizza next door to places like Jose Andres' Jaleo and Estiatorio Milos.. - Limited amount of seating.. . Everything about this place screams hipster, and normally I would avoid places like this like the plague, but turns out that it's pretty damn good. Someone bought a whole pizza for the room, and after we come back from the clubs at like 6 in the morning, I find a half-eaten, cold slice of pepperoni and sausage buried under some paper...still amazing. This pizza passes with flying colors on the time test.. . Later...instead of eating at Jaleo, I get a strong hankering for pizza. Hot and fresh out of the oven...effing delicious.
Wasn't that hard to find thanks to all the Yelp Reviewers. Coming up from the escalators, on the 3rd floor turn left look for elevator. To the left see dark hallway, walk down. . . Tiny little place with literally no seating, some old beat up arcade games, we got some pizza in our attempts to sober. . . The combo pizza was pretty awesome. Don't know why it taste so good. Could be the crust, the hot mess on top, or the fact that I was blasted.. . The cheese pizza was okay. The chunks of melted cheeze/garlic/whatever sauce was interesting.... . Definitely worth a check out.
I WANT PIZZAAA!!!!. . I think I was craving pizza after using up all my energy at XS. My friends managed to find this AWESOME hidden gem at the cosmo. There are no signs for this pizza place but I was so drunk. I don't remember how we got there but I remember when I went inside I knew exactly what I wanted to order. MUSHROOM PIZZA! I think my bf told me I wanted to order a whole pizza. But I was so hungry..... I guess I forgot to add the word slice after pizza. So we ended up ordering two slices. for $10. Pricey! But GOOOOOD in my tummy...... . . It was soo good.. I came back for more on my last night in vegas... before going to Serendipity and clubbing for the night. I will definitely come back here each time I'm in Vegas now.. Best NY style pizzaaaa I've had. Well, maybe I'm hyping it up a little too much. But it was pretty bomb! :) I think I also kept calling it Pizzeria 'cause I didn't know the name of it and I was drunk. Oops hehe. Secret pizza, I love you. ^_^
Why's it called secret pizza? The place with no name.. . Where you ask? Down the shady hall on the 3rd floor. That's all I've got.. . This was such an amazing find. I would even consider going there NOT drunk. For all 10 minutes of that whilst in Vegas. It's just a hole in the wall with a few places to sit/stand.. . Go.
I love coming here after a night at Marquee. I was there last Monday and I love it! The slices are a good size for the price which I think is about $2 or $3. The first time I came here with friends when the hotel first opened. We were wandering and ended up walking down a hall with no name, and ended up in a tiny area filled with people all waiting to taste the delicious pizza!  It can be a little greasy at times, but one night won't hurt after dancing for many hours prior. I can't tell how many times I've been here. A friend and I drove to the Cosmo just to get pizza. I just love the Cosmopolitan overall!
Luckily I live next door to the Cosmopolitan.  Whenever I have a hankering for a great pizza slice in Vegas this is where I come. Outstanding.  Had no idea this place was called Secret Pizza.  Always thought it was "the secret pizza place" due to its secret location.
Believe it. Believe allllll the hype! The WHITE PIZZA may be the best slice of pizza I have ever had.. . My boyfriend stumbled upon this place some months back and would not stop raving about it to me. "Have you heard about the secret pizza place at the Cosmo?!! IT'S UNREAL!" I loved how he genuinely "found it" while exploring the Cosmo, considering how we are accustomed to relying on Yelp on finding new places to eat now. We recently had a chance to visit Vegas together and omg, he hit the nail on the head!. . The White Pizza is basically cheese pizza with roasted garlic...super simple. However, the cheese will make you swoon. The mozzarella was perfectly melted and the mounds of light ricotta will make your eyes roll to the back of your head. I believe there was a bit of fresh basil on the slice as well. I'm usually not a fan of most pizza crusts but this was perfectly thin & crunchy. SO GOOD! I have to note that I was NOT drunk at the time, so take my word ;) . . *Couple of notes:. -Open VERY VERY late! Great place to hit up after Marquee.. -$5 per slice, but you can order a whole pie if you'd like. . -It's secret for a reason. Try not to read the Yelp reviews for the location and find it for yourself. The search for it is part of its charm :)
Excellent. I could eat bazillions of these. The cheese and crust and toppings were all high quality. I loved that the crust was a combo of crunchy (i.e. thin) and somewhat doughy. I hate when thin crusts are too thin and I easily get tired of the doughy pizza that is most places.  . . The sauce is excellent--that's what makes/breaks most pizza IMO. Cheaper pizzas are either too sweet and bland or have this odd metallic taste.. . I also loved that the parmesan was very salty (as it should be) but the pizza itself wasn't. That's also an indicator of bad pizza--cheese that's way too salty like American Cheese. . . Just make sure you don't get one that looks like it's been sitting out all day. It'll be dry. It'll still taste good but just dry.. . There are only two negatives though--you have to make your way through a bunch of drunk hoes and douchebags to get to the counter. Their inane conversations made me want to put a grenade in my mouth. The other negative is the exorbitant price.
lol can't believe this place truly is a secret. I mean you go into the Cosmo. Third floor. You see a ton of swanky fancy restaurants and the best restauarant in the entire place is this hidden pizza place hidden between all these restaurants. I don't think I have to say muh about how good the pizza and this place is. All the other reviews will do it for me. Just a heads up they only do New York Style Pizza. There is no formal seating area but there is plenty of nice seating outside the actual hole in the wall. Go try it. Its Cheap, fast and good greasy food for your drinking.
We tried the pepperoni and white pizzas. The crust was thin and crispy - probably the best thin crust I've had (although I've never eaten pizza in New York). True, it's like $5/slice, but it sure hit the spot.
Amazing pizza place.  Granted I was pretty buzzed, but the fresh taste of pepperoni and cheese on a crunchy thin crust has to be good when you're sober as well.  I asked the guy behind the counter what their freshest pizza was and ordered the pepperoni that he had indicated.  . . Line was about 6 minutes and the big slice was $5.  3rd floor, no sign, long hallway.  really good place to go after marquee!
Best pizza in my life. Ate here for dinner and again at 4am. try the peperoni with sausage and chilies and try the white pizza with mushrooms. try to preorder from your room if you can. . . I will make sure comeback every time I'm in Vegas regardless if I'm staying that the Cosmo again.
My former fiancee is a chef here. He and lots of our other family members told me to check it out. I am so glad that I did. It is Awesome, yes with a capital "A"! There are several reasons that this place is great. One, they are inexpensive. Two, they are open late night. Three, they have some awesome topping combinations. Four, you can even pre-order if you are a guest staying at the Cosmo.  Fifth, and the reason for my 5 stars, this place is one of those hidden gems in the busy mess that is the Las Vegas strip!  I love thin crust pizza late at night with the last few dollars in cash that I brought with me to the club for the night. How could you not want something to warm your belly for the trek back to your hotel room, whether it is at the cosmo or another property. And really, you need something to stop the sloshing that's going on in your tummy, all that cran-vodka and patron with a twist of lime. Some things that you must know about this spot are, the location is hidden. You will find NO signs. This place may be considered pricey but keep this in mind, they are open til the break of dawn, the slices are huge and their toppings are premium!  I just can't go to Vegas without a stop here. If you have a hard time finding this spot, look for Blue Ribbin. It's right next door.
Secret pizza, not so secret at 4 in the morning.  Tons of 20-somethingslining up for their cheese and grease fix.  I ordered a lovely pepperoni and peperoncini pizza that set me adrift on memory bliss P.M. Dawn-style.  Now hence the 5 stars.  Oh baby, you send me....
I remember VERY LITTLE of how, when, and where exactly the "Secret Pizza" place was, but I do remember the delicious aftermath.  After finding the "secret" hallway, we stormed in like gangbusters, asked the nice pizza man what was "good"  to which he rightfully suggested his own "meat lover's" version -- a seemingly off-the-menu creation concocted of pepperoni, sausage, peperoncinis, some other kind of meat, and some other stuff I'm failing to remember.  It was SO DAMN GOOD -- the not-so-soggy thin crust was absolutely what we needed, so much, that it got the stamp of approval from the two Manhattanites I was...ahem...dining with.  This WHOLE PIZZA easily fed 3 inebriated people or would feed about 37 models, 4 normal people or 15 people on a diet.  It should be noted that the two latter classes of people really don't belong in Vegas anyway.. . There is minimal seating inside, but you can take your pizza "to-go" and park it on one of the Cosmo's luxurious couch seating areas in the hall right outside.  Beer and wine only.
Great pizza in Vegas!. Hidden gem.. I won't eat pizza at any other place while I'm in Vegas.. Clean.  Not much room in the place so you will have to take it out to the billiard seating area.. We only had the plain pie.  You can tell a lot about a place when they can make an amazing pie without any toppings. . Growing up in NJ, I was spoiled with all the great pizza joints in NJ and NY.. It's been tough finding a great pizza place on the west coast.  This one tops my list so far.
Some Great thin crust Pizza!!!!. I have a slice every time im in the Cosmo!!!
Came here for lunch after a night of debauchery. Pizza was awesome. I don't know how this place is after the bars close but I can guess that this place is probably crowded with long lines. . Bottom line, I hardly give 5 stars but this pizza joint definitely deserves it. The pizza crust is thin but soft, the pizza is oily from the hot cheese. It's the perfect cure for a hang over. Give it a try, may not be for everyone but you never know, you might like it.
Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....it's a secret. . . Great pizza! We got a few cheese and pepperoni slices to-go and they didn't make it very far. As soon as we got to the car...down the hatch. Thin NY Style Pizza done RIGHT! Not to greasy, not to dry, perfect size for the "fold-in-hand" style eating. Price was good, the counter staff was super nice. Excellent. We will certainly be back. Come hungry, don't expect to sit, if you do; eat then get out so others can sit - no lollygagging!
I had a meeting here that ended just before 11am, so I waited for them to open. The place is really cool. You could hear the music from the common area so it really is not "that" secret but amazing pizza. You walk down this long all lined with old record covers and you can see a old pinball machine at the end. A person at the hotel said I had to have the White Pizza which I did and it was good. It was NY Style and is HUGE. The crust was kinda like garlic bread. They dont offer a bunch of types of pizza and also offer beer/wine and soda. The slices are $5 and well worth it. If I am back in town I will make a point to head back here.
One of the nicest thin crust pizza. Its hidden no frills place but absolutely worth the find...
The secret is out, the is place is the BOMB!!. . I wish I had known about this place sooner.  Its really tucked away in some alley within Cosmopolitan.  There you will find some old school arcade games, a few places to stand around and eat, and of course, the best damn pizza you'll find in Las Vegas, and that's for sure!  The toppings are just oozing with perfection, and the crust is really gives this ol' pie some bite.  Just the right amount of crunch!  You've got to try this place whenever you're in town. Here I am craving one right now, sitting in my house, 200 miles away.
Hubby is always looking for good thin crust pizza.  This secret is now out of the bag!  This is as good as Grimaldis!  I had the white pizza with ricotta cheese, mushrooms and onions.  Best in town!. Went twice in 3 days...
Best pizza in Vegas. Comparable to Bleecker Pizza in NYC.
Thin, crunchy crust with a chewy center.. Stretchy cheese with just enough grease.. Zesty tomato sauce to tease the palate. Anyone who doesn't love this pizza simply doesn't love pizza.. . I make a bee line to this place every time I go to Vegas.  I dare say that their pizza is better than anything I've ever had , even NYC.  The place is always busy,  and for good reason.
I have dreams about this place! . To start, it's a hidden pizza place at the end of a long hallway... AWESOME!. We were staying at The Cosmo, and our second morning there my boyfriend had a migraine, and we both needed to eat. I decided to go search for the pizza place. Then I fell in love. . Cheap. Quick. And you can take your pizza and 2-liter of pop back to your room.. Oh, and the pizza is AMAZING. I'm drooling thinking about it. . YUM YUM YUM
Great place for a cheap bite.....delicious and so fun that it is hidden.
Towards the end of our Vegas trip we were running low on funds and were starving. Luckily, Secret Pizza is hidden on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel in between two restaurants. It wasn't too hard to find, you literally just need to follow your nose. We walked the long narrow hallway until we found the place and ordered a slice of everything they had ($5 each). The pizza here is thin, a little on the greasy side, generously cut and oh so delicious!! The place is tiny so you probably will not have anywhere to sit, we just stood and enjoyed our slices of heaven. Great pizza at great prices (for Vegas anyway)!
Divine. A bit pricey but its vegas so its ok and totally worth it. Try and go with one other person and just buy a whole pizza and split it, it will be much cheaper. It's open late night which is great and the pizza flavor is really good...and thats coming from a new yorker!
LOCATED: on the 3rd Floor . If you find a narrow hallway surrounded by framed record album covers your in the right spot.. . PIZZA STYLE: here is New York style. It is freshly made with hand tossed dough. with a excellent crispy crust.. . GET: the White Pizza(Ricotta & Cheese) this one usually sells out, based on how much Ricotta Cheese they have available. . . PRICE:  is comparable to your mall pizza slices(around $5 a slice), I would order a whole pie since the price is $24 which gives you 10 slices. Slices are pretty decently big. But, your going to be eating more than one slice.. . OPEN LATE: Perfect spot after clubbing or late night grubbing since its open til 4am. But be prepared for a Long Line in the evening. . . . "Secret Pizza" is no longer a secret anymore"
This is definitely a new place to go to if you are tired of always getting Earls.  Especially after clubbing at Marquee, this is the perfect spot.  Although it is hidden, it's not too hard to find at all.  Located on the third floor through a hall way full of records.  If you look directly in the hall way you should see a TV and a pin ball machine.  . . They serve pizza by the slice or whole pizzas.  My friends and I decided to get a whole pizza with 5 toppings.  We got pepperoni, meat ball, sausage, ricotta cheese, and banana peppers on the side.  Cost was $29.  We took it outside and devoured it shortly.  Sitting next to the pool table on the couch.  We added crushed red peppers, parmesan cheese, and garlic salt.  It was so tasty and good.  Yes it's thin crust, and after pulling the slice apart, the cheese stretches and the toppings at the tip falls off.  Greasy but tasty, if grease is a problem you can use a napkin to dab at it.   . . This has now become a must come to spot every time we come to Vegas.
This place is located in the Cosmopolitan.  It's a little hard to get there...hence the name! :) We had to ask...3rd floor, down a long hallway next to a restaurant.. . We got two (very large) slices--cheese and the big mamma upside down slice. They were both delicious!! This was the best pizza we had in Vegas.  For under 20.00 we were stuffed.  The employees were super nice, chatted with us and suggested some new places to try while we were visiting.  The service was super fast, but keep in mind they only had two people working and it's a small place.  Also it's cafe style, you walk up to order and grab your food. There is seating along the wall, so not much for a large group.. . Some definite bonuses.. They offer Pbr AND free water!
Reading reviews on Yelp helped me find this "hidden gem" - thank you Yelpers for your clear instructions! At the Cosmo, take 3 escalators up, in a pathway between 2 restaurants with picture frames all along the wall.. . However, didn't seem like a hidden gem when I went - there were quite some people there, even a mini line-up.. . Pizza is freshly made and doesn't disappoint. For $4-5 a slice, you can't go wrong. Love their white pizza, that was my favourite. Ever since trying this place, I've been craving NY-style pizza, but have not found something yet to stop the craving.. . Really good if you need just a cheap eat while you splurge away during your Vegas stay.
Great pizza. Reasonable. Get the meatball. Rather hidden.
wow factor.  really good pizza.  little pricey.  one slice will run you around $5.  but the it's worth it if you like good food.
This place gets 5 stars for good food and good pizza! It's not advertised at all and there's no sign at the location telling you what it is so don't be afraird to walk down the dimly lit hallway to find it!. My dad got a oddly sliced pizza so they felt bad and gave him a 2nd slice free of charge! Great customer service!
The only sad part of this pizza place was that I was so close to it so many times and never went until the other night! If only I knew how empty my life was without it. . . Foldable, glorious, NY style pizza. If you handed me a slice on the street I would think it was straight from the big apple. Disclaimer: I'm from NY. The offerings are straightforward; pizza with assorted run of the mill toppings, soda, beer. The beer is even served in red plastic cups, which is awesome when you're nearby but might garner some dirty looks when you're walking around the ground floor. . . TV's are around if you can take your eyeballs off of your slice. I couldn't. There's also some pool tables and couches just outside their door which is convenient if your hooves are hurting. . . I thought about this pizza 2 days straight after eating it. Definitely swing through for a before or after drinking delight!
High quality food at an affordable price right on the strip?  Unbelievable.  Loved their thin slice pizza.  Had the mushroom and the white slices.  Prompt, friendly service and all the condiments you need.  Can't ask for more.
I am going to give this a 5 only because of the food on The Strip, it is as good as it gets. FINALLY something that doesn't cost  your mortgage, rather just good, honest pizza for $5. One slice works, but get two just so you can try two things.. . I had the meat lovers with meatballs and peppercionnis and it was the bomb. The mushroom was just that and sort of lacking flavor, but still damn good pizza.. . The slices are huge, the ingredients are fresh, the grease factor is heavy, the crust is thin and crispy. Just good luck finding it, half the fun.
Taking into account location, comparable places nearby, pricing, and of course the quality of food, it is impossible to rate this place any lower than 5 stars. Really cool place that makes you feel as if you've stepped out of the Cosmopolitan and into any hole-in-the-wall pizza across America. The pizza was great, but the real winner for us was the cheesecake. $4.50 for a giant piece that easily feeds two hungry people. There was no line when we went (around noon on New Years Eve). The ONLY complaint was there being nowhere to sit, but even that isn't a big deal since there is seating everywhere in the Cosmo.
BEST PIZZAAAA EVVVVVVVVARRRRRRRRRR!. . i truly believe, god is speaking to us through this pizza.... and reminding us that.... life is beautiful.. :'). . although it's quite a mission trying to find this place..  it's the whole charm of it all!. and if you feel like giving up... . PLEASE DON'T!!!!!!!!. . you can thank me later.. . mm i will be back for you when i'm in vegas.... sober or drunk... i will be back for you............
Cheap eats in a fantastic hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Long lines on the weekend evenings but worth it. Get your slice and a PBR draft then settle into the lounge area out front and watch some pool, foosball or just people watch.
Did you just gamble away your life savings on red?  Did  pull out a second mortgage for bottle service?  Did you make it rain on strippers? Have no fear! SECRET PIZZA IS HERE TO SAVE YOUR BUDGET!. . Amidst all the fancy-schmancy foods with huge price tags in Las Vegas, there are a couple of saviors and Secret PIzza is one of them.  Great food, great price.  If you're drunk I'm sure you'll enjoy it even more.. . If you don't know where to find it, just look for a hole in the wall, literally, you'll see a wall with a hole leading to the hallway.  Or you can look for people eating pizza somewhere in Cosmo and ask them where they got it.
At 10pm last night the line was too long for us, but today for lunch there was no line at all. The staff is friendly and the food is great at a reasonable price. The location is on the third floor and it's right between the elevator and the sushi restaurant. We had  white, mushroom and pepperoni slices. The mushroom was good, pepperoni was better and the white was amazing. The seating outside the pizza joint is limited, but it is really comfortable and classy looking.
Found this hidden gem whilst walking around the Comso with my cousins.  It was super late but this place was still open so we decided to try it out.  The entrance was pretty cool.  Didn't seem like a pizza place at first but once you walk all the way inside... pizza heaven.  . . I forgot what my cousins ordered but I got the pesto pizza and it was de-lish.  Yummy pizza for dirt cheap. :)
Secrets don't make friends, so that's why I'm here to tell you allllll about it.. . In my world, guys are natural-born pizza connoisseurs.  Therefore, any pizza rants from my guy friends are treated like the word of God.  When my friend told me that him and his bros were able to demolish a whole box of pizza from here, AFTER COMING FROM A BUFFET, I knew this place was legit.. . Just order the white pizza with ricotta cheese and mozzarella, and you're golden.  It was greasy. It was cheesy. It was simple. It was one of the most delicious things I have ever put in my mouth.. . Every pizzeria I go to now, I check to see if they have the white pizza, but sadly I haven't found an alternative in SF or Socal yet.
Came here because my friends had talked about this place so much. Went to the Cosmo and took the escalator to the third floor and didnt know exactly where this pizza parlor was...however i saw a small alley way at the corner of my eye (next to the pool table) and decided to go inside. Once I got in, there were only a handful of people there (maybe I went on an off day) but luckily for me I got my slice of pizza in under five minutes. I got the white pizza and my friend got a mushroom pizza/cheese pizza. My favorite was the cheese pizza. It was so tasty and most of all CHEAP. After spending 20$+ each meal, it was refreshing to only have to pay 5$ for a slice of pizza that was just as filling as a 20$ meal. I will definitely be back again.
Love, love, love their pizza. Hard to find but so worth it!  Best tasting thin crust pizza I've ever had.
How lucky to find this hidden gem! This place was supposed to be a butlers kitchen,lucky for us it never happened.  One of the best pizza we ever had great salad too all under $11.
NY style pizza!!!! A perfect meal after a night of partying at marquee. It's hidden in a long hallway and you'll probably miss it if you're too drunk. . . The pizza is perfectly greasy and thin and cheesy!. . Not much else to say. It's delicious!
It's hard to find cheap, fast, drunchies (drunk munchies) inside of nicer hotels in Vegas. Thankfully, there's a hidden pizza place on the 3rd floor of The Cosmopolitan. We all drunkenly stumbled here and stood in a long line trying not to drool.. . Thankfully, once we ordered, we received our large pizza FAST and it was hot and delicious. It was greasy, hot, and delicious. I definitely ate more than one slice... and it was the perfect drunchie!
delicious!
GAT DAMN. This is some good pizza. So good that.... . -I came here for a slice of pizza after I had eaten dinner at Earl's of Sandwiches and I was supposedly "full.". -I have made it a point to stay at the Cosmopolitan on my future Vegas trips because Secret Pizza only delivers if you're a guest at the Cosmopolitan. . . Hard to find especially when the Cosmopolitan's own workers don't even know what Secret Pizza is. It's that secret, but I'll help you out because pizza this good should be enjoyed by the masses. Go to the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan. Find the lounge area with a pool table. Just off that lounge area is a dark, unmarked hallway lined with records on the hall. Follow this hallway to pizza heaven.
Cheap, yummy, and oh so yummy. . . Went for dinner w/ a friend, Angelica, and had some bomb diggity pizza. . . This type of pizza may institute the fork and knife method but stay away from it! Food always tastes better when eating with your hands. . . Be careful though of the "The Cheese is so Hot and will burn the Roof of your Mouth" monster when biting into that first slice of freshly baked pizza. Then also watch out for the avalanche of cheese that may ensue afterwards. . . If you don't listen to me and hear a "I told you so" in the back of your mind after that hot gooey cheese that burned you, that PBR should help cool it down. . . Enjoy!
Maybe it was all the martinis... Or maybe this really was one of the best slices I've ever had!!! I tried the white pizza and dang! That ish is tasty!!
Very pleased with this place.  . . We were bummed after the Super Bowl and our loss of money.   Later in the evening after the all you can eat buffet from Rhumbar wore off, we headed here.  About 11:00, place was not that busy.. . We ordered a whole pie (more economical that way).  . . Good ingredients, crispy crust and PBR on tap!. . I won't tell you how to get there.  That is half the fun.
Awesome pizza. I don't usually eat my crusts but I ate every bit of these. Try the white pizza even if you don't normally like white, it's so good.
THE BEST SECRET IN vegas ;] . . . I had trouble finding it, but I knew it was open because it said so on yelp haha. my friends eileen, gaston and I were totally happy we found it. for 4.50 a slice, not bad, its pretty big NY style pizza. My fav was the pepperoncini and sausage.... YUMMMMM. . . definitely coming back here, and telling everyone about it. "did you know about the secret pizza place in the cosmo?" well now you do ;]
Thank you Yelp for introducing me to this sweet little hot spot in Vegas! While doing a restaurant search for my surrounding area this place popped up with 4 stars and over 500 reviews. So I thought, "500 people can't be wrong, right?" And I was right! . . Once we got into the Cosmopolitan we had to ask someone how to get there because there are literally no signs- not even on the outside. So for future reference, you go up to the 3rd level on the escalator. Once you get off the escalator there is a weird tube-looking elevator directly in front of you. Then, just to the right of that is an inconspicuous little hallway- it's in there! Follow your nose!. . This pizza is crispy thin and the slices are HUGE! I had 2 slices and it was plenty! They also have this really yummy white pizza made with lots of yummy cheeses. I would say this is the top 3 best pieces of pizza I have ever had and I have been to New York AND Chicago! . . The only bad part is this place is real tiny and there isn't much room to sit. Other than that, GO! YOU WON'T REGRET IT!
OK...maybe it's not the best pizza on earth. I don't know what is. I don't think I've had it yet, but if you think this is not at least in the running (top 3) best pizzas in Vegas I have a feeling you probably really like a Hot-N-Ready.. . You can argue the merits of all the different types of pizza out there all you want...the bottom line is that it's about balance, without going overboard.. In my opinion this pizza is far and away better than anything I've had west of the Mississippi. The crust is fresh made, but has just the right amount of toasted crunch from the oven.. The cheese is not so overbearing that it's all you taste.. The sauce on both the white and the red are amazing. . I like the white, but I really like the full flavor of the red sauce. It tastes more like a quality marinara than it does just pizza sauce.. The toppings are all premium ingredients Quartered roma tomatoes, really good and greasy pepperoni, real cheese.. . Guess what? Those cost more. It's a complicated business concept I know.. Really though...I'm the most price sensitive person I know, but if you think $5 a slice is not an accurate price point, then I would say stick with the 2 slice combo at Costco.. Have any of you considered where the hell this place is? It's in the Cosmo...on the strip... Does anybody know how much 2 slices & a drink will run you at Sbarro?. . & just in case you think i'm just taken in by the "secret" theme of the place. I actually went inside & stumbled across it the first week Cosmo was open. I didn't know it was a "secret" until I started hearing people talking about it.. Then the only reason I finally tried it was because Angela H. dragged me over there and force fed it to me. Usually im pretty "meh" when it comes to pizza. I don't tend to seek it out. If it's there I'll eat it. But this place really does it for me.. If you have only been once I say this.... Give it another try. Everybody who does the volume they probably do for such a small shop is prone to have an off night.. . If you had it twice and just don't like it....well....Little Caesar's is open til 10.
Great pizza!
SO GOOD!! Tried it for the first time. Got white pizza for $5 and it was simply CHEESEY GOODNESS! They reheat the pizza for you so when you it's nice and crispy when you eat! Though this place isn't very secret anymore since the line gets pretty long, it's worth the wait! Perfect place to go after clubbing at Marquee since it's open til 5 am. There's not that much room for you to sit and eat inside, but there's a seating area right outside with a pool table. Definitely a good place to stop by in Cosmo!
This is the best New York stylepizza I've ever had. I've never been to New York so I'm not sure how much of a hit or how far of a miss this place is. Two things I know about this place is its a pain in the but to find and the pizza is spot on! The title Secret Pizza is definitely true. We had to ask two people where this place was located because there is no sign and no big window. It literally looks like a janitor hallway with a PAC MAN machine at the end. Once you walk to the end of the hallway it opens up into what seems like the smallest pizza kitchen ever. But what this place lacks in size it sure makes up for in pizza and the size of the slices. It seems you may need to custom order your pizza if you don't want pepperoni or just cheese. But I assure you it'll be worth it. I got two slices of pizza and although I was satisfied I probably could have crushed another one in no time. A bonus that I found is that they serve beer and have oregano and Parmesan shakers all around. So not only did I powder my pizza but I got two brews to go. At 9am. Don't judge. It's Vegas.
The best pizza in town and great beer. Defiantly a must have when in Las Vegas.
This was really really good! Even my guy who's lived in New York and is a pizza snob admitted it was comparably good. The white ricotta pizza is amazing, and the pepperoni was pretty darn tasty too. Seriously, price was very fair all considering you cannot eat this cheap in Las Vegas, and the wait time wasn't that bad at all.
Hands down best pizza on the strip it's hidden on the 3 rd floor
The in Vegas so far and the guys are yummy toooooo :) jp
incredible, best pizza on the westcoast. Definitely the hidden gem of Cosmopolitan. In a place filled with glitz and glamour the pizzeria is the perfect get away from it all with classic rock playing, old arcade machines and amazing slices of pizzas worth every penny. Going back for seconds without a doubt.. . p.s. If you're looking for a healthy slice this aint no california bs, no spinach no artichokes, and no ranch. The only condiment you need is the grease on the slice.
I love love love the secret pizza stop at Cosmopolitan. Nestled in a hallway at the Cosmoploitan reminds me of finding those little secret joints in New York.....so is this where they got their idea from.....cuz if so it's working....people lined up...the smell of the best darned pizza I've ever had, and the nicest staff a girl could ask for. I really did not think I would like it as I really have not found a good pizza joint in Las Vegas (well to my likeing anyway, and when it comes to food I'm a tough cookie). So off I go into this pizza culinary dream joint only to find that they have veggies...lots and lots of veggies (yup I'm a vegetarian). This is one reason I thought I may not like it.... The staff assured me that I can get almost any veggie known to man if I would wait a minute while they ran to room service to get the ones most people don't eat on a pizza. What a concept! Yes guys you can order pizza to your room after a long night at Marquee...just call room service and they will hook u up....Between the quaintness of the hidden pizza joint and being able to order it from room service I see a winner....now can we get a chain of these across the us PLZZZZZ??????
Secret Pizza continues to be one of my most favorite drunken foods! I dragged four people over from Monte Carlo just to try it out!. . We all ended up ordering the Supreme! Seriously, you can't get New York style pizza this good anywhere! (Well, except New York, I suppose...even then, I'm skeptical.)  There is just the right amount of balance between toppings & cheese.  Rarely do I have toppings toppling off or feel like I'm having a cheese pizza!  . . It is literally a HOLE in the wall.  Look closely or you may just miss it...
Im so glad the woman who checked us in at the hotel told us about Secret Pizza...we were starving before hitting the bars and casino and didn't want to spend a lot of money!....$4.50 for a slice of cheese pizza, that was HUGE! It is costlier for the specialty pizzas, but I was happy with just a cheese slice!. . The restaurant is small (like any little pizzeria that sells slices), and is next to the Sushi restaurant...and they are open until 5am! . . If you are looking for a latenight place and don't want to spend much, defiantely check it out! DELISH!
Stayed at The Cosmopolitan this past week and amidst all of the fine dining options sits Secret Pizza. I had asked someone that worked at the casino where a good late breakfast early lunch option was, quick. He told me where to find this treasure because you really do need a map to find it. It is down a tempting long hallway where the smell of NY style pizza lures you into its grip. It has about 10-12 stools with a Galaga game and an old-school pizza oven. Pizza is available by the slice and it is really good. Being from Boston, I like thin, thin crust that bends when you pick it up. This pizza did not disappoint.
Needs to be renamed "Everyone and their mama's know this pizza joint" Pizza.. . The line is ridiculously long after a night of drinking/clubbing.  There's a reason why there's a line.  It's pretty damn good.  New York pizza got some competition.  Not so long of a line during the early day.. . Remember that Seinfeld episode where Jerry tries to pour out the grease on the pizza and George goes "you're crazy" and pours Jerry's pizza juice on his pizza?  Yeah, this pizza got that pizza "juice" (not grease).. . Cheesy, greasy, and deletable meatball topping.  Yum!  Got New York prices too, but hey, it's Vegas, where $50 all of sudden feels like its only $10.. . If you don't like flavor and a little saltiness, might be a little too much for your taste buds.. . It's really good.  Definitely check it out.
Its a secret! Ha ha.. . They have great pizza, I like that they don't have a sign and put the place down the a hall away from view. Really the best part of it is the fact that its a cheap alternative for food that is open late. Really helpful guys behind the counter. . While I thought the pepperoni was average, I really enjoyed the white pizza.
It ain't secret anymore.. . After more than two years of searching for the greatest pizza in Las Vegas, it should be no surprise that I would find it on the strip. What is surprising is that, despite being located in one of Vegas' trendiest casinos, Secret Pizza (if that's really what it's called) does not include the usual mind-blowing wallet smack.. . For 26 bucks, you can get a 3 topping pizza (they only have one size by-the-way) that blows away every other za in town. I highly recommend the sausage and the meatball as two of those toppings. Not that hungry? Then just grab a slice or two.. . Add 5 bucks for valet parking, take the great glass elevator to the top (just don't press that special button Charlie) and you can be enjoying one of the best slices of pie you've had since they threw you out of NYC. . . Fahgettaboudit.
Easily the best pizza on the west coast and rivals the best from the east. environment is just really chill with the music playing, crowds of people, big screen tv's playing the Lakers game. they even got some old school pinball machines and an arcade game. its kind of a hard place to find if you know what to look for from all the clues that you get from anyone that's even been there but its worth it once you get there.
OH MY WORD!!!!! This pizza is so ridic!!!!! So me and my kuzin stayed at the Cosmo and we were lookn for a place to eat... all we see if pricey lookn restaurants... so we asked sum1 if this was the only food places in the hotel/casino... he told us about the pizza place and we had a hard time finding it.... it was like $5 a slice and it was a big slice... i had the White Pizza and i fell in luv! Me and my kuzin had pizza the whole damn time we were there! We went to Marquee and got bored kuz the music was wack and we took our @sses straight to that pizza joint... BEST part of our trip!!!!
Highlight of a Friday night at Marquee - scarfing down delicious thin crust pizza with my girls! SO GOOD.
First off I must give you directions on how to find this place because it took me forever! This place is inside the Cosmopolitan on the third floor. Once you exit the elevator you walk straight out and you'll see a tiny alley way on your right. There are no signs. This place is not listed in the directory. It is truly a "secret pizza" place. Walk down the alleyway and it will lead you to the best kept secret in Las Vegas!. . Once you get inside you will notice it is a very small place. There's no waiter service. There's very little room for you to sit and eat. You might think to yourself "WTF? This is just like any other hole in the wall pizza joint". But don't let that fool you! . . This was my first time here. I only came here upon my friend's recommendation. I decided to skip the fancy buffet to try something new. When I first walked in I have to admit I was a bit disappointed. I was expecting a large fancy pizza place. I thought to myself "why is this place so popular?". There were no signs that said "we're famous for blah blah blah". So I asked the employee what they were famous for. The guy told me this place is famous for it's "White Slice".. . I recommend getting the white slice with pepperoni. The original white slice itself will not come with any meat or toppings. The flavor and taste of the white slice is quite unique. It is something other pizza places do not offer. It is a taste unlike any I've ever tasted before. If I had to describe it in words I would say cheesy, garlicky, and damn good! All I can say is you have to try it to believe it. After the first bite I understood why this place is so great when it comes to pizza.
After a long night of clubbing at Marquee, nothing beat the secret pizza place at 5am.  The wait is long and it will take hour(s) to get a slice of pizza but it's worth it.. . Better yet, if you have a room at Cosmo, just order the pizza for delivery to your room.  It will take an hour or so but at least you can relax in your room while you wait for pizza.. . Yes, it's secret and it's hard to find but once you find it...PIZZA!!!
Monday, October 3, 2011Secret Pizzeria at Cosmopolitan, Las Vegas . . I will start this review with the following disclosure: The following Pizzeria does not exist. It has no menu, it has no website, it has no signs advertising a family meal deal. It is also not down a long hallway lined with old music album covers on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. It is not one of the best deals on the strip. It is also not the Best Pizza on the Strip. I HAVE KEPT THE SECRET.  Now onto the food review... for the best pizza and best pizza deals in Vegas you need to find the secret Pizzeria at Cosmo. The cost is almost two dollars less per slice then any other pizza joint on the strip ( including my other favorite at the Wynn) and the super thin crust , fresh taste and general New York ambiance just can't be beat. Although thin , the crust is still sturdy enough to bend without breaking and strong enough to hold any toppings. Speaking of toppings... unless you order ahead of time ( is there an actual number to the place?) then you will be having your pizza topped with whatever the chefs whim is. There is no formal menu.  On this day Simone and I had our choice of 5 different pizza pies. We both choose for our first slice portabello mushroom pizza with red sauce. With meaty fresh thin sliced mushroms, sweet fresh tasting marinara creamy mozzarella cheese and a crispy blistered crust this one was a winner. Savory till the last bite it leaves you wanting more... so I obliged. This time when I went back to the counter looking me in the face was a white pizza with fresh roasted garlic, Ricotta Cheese and Olive Oil. This one may have been better then the mushroom. The crust was sauce less and had even more crunch. The garlic was sweet, the Ricotta Creamy and slightly melted and the Olive Oil was the icing on my pizza experience.  . The Pizzeria does not seem to offer any sides and I didn't ask because none were needed. They do have fountain drinks and beer. Parmesan cheese and red pepper flakes can be found at the stand up bar that you can eat on. Without any other choices, The pizza definitely stands alone (although three days later we went back and tried a cannolli for dessert and that was delicious as well).. New York thin crust pizza is what its all about here at The Cosmopolitan, and these guys are the best at it.
DELISHHHHHHHHHHHH. . Ordered for pick up, took the elevator down, and brought it up in the room to grub with our friends overlooking the balcony. . what a wonderful night in vegas to remember
By far one of the best tasting pizzas ever!! If you are in Las Vegas and are hungry during the day or just simply stumbling out of the club/casino in the late hours of the night, COME HERE! small hidden lil spot.. Crust is perfect, Cheese is perfect, toppings are perfect, Sauce is perfect, Garlic flavor is perfect, its all just perfect here! I love pizza, and this PIZZA is definitely in my top three!
It is hard to find but it is definitely worth it!  You can either pick up a pizza or just get a slice immediately.  They are open late and it is great to get a slice after going out at night.
OMG! After coming here for the first time and having their sausage pizza, I can't enjoy any other pizzas lol. This place is crazy good! Big slices of sausage, oozing cheese.... when I took my first bite, the crispiness of the crust.. it was heaven. Got me and my sister wanting another slice. Next time we come here, definitely getting the whole pie cause its 5 dollars a slice and between me and my sister getting two slices each, it was already close to the price of a whole pie. Fountain drinks here are a tad overpriced especially when they serve it in those little red party cups.
I'd go 4 stars on pizza, 4.5 stars on atmosphere, ingredients and selection.  I go 5 stars on hours and price for Vegas strip.  To round up to 5 stars.  I'd have to say the quality of the ingredients was the second most memorable to simple, functional and cool concept.  Staff was quite friendly both times!
YUMYUMYUM. . PERRRRRFECT drunk munchies! The place was freaking swarming at just around 4am on a Friday. The line was wayyy too long for us to stand, so we bizzounced. We returned on a Sunday around 2-3am and the line was substantially shorter. . . A whole pie w. 3 toppings clocked in at $26. $4/bottle of FIJI water. It took about 20-25 mins to make, so if there aren't a lot of you I'd recommend just buying separate slices.. . When the pie came out, it smelled, looked, and tasted amazing! The cheese slid off a little too easily but everything was piping hot and delicious. Closest thing to a good NYC slice as you can get ;)
Aaaaah voila une adresse qu'elle est bonne sur le Strip de Las Vegas ! Une pizzeria comme a New York (en tout cas dans mon esprit) qui vous sert d'enormes parts de pizza que vous mangez debout dans un coin ou perche sur une chaise haute. Vous regardez les pizzas, vous choisissez la part qui vous plait parmi 5/6 selections, tout betement. . . L'endroit n'a rien de tres excitant mais c'est justement ca qui fait son charme ! Parts de pizza enormes a 5 dollars (ok, un peu cher, mais c'est le Strip) et delicieuses ! Staff serviable et souriant en prime.. . En plus l'endroit est faussement secret, situe au bout d'un couloir au milieu du Cosmopolitan, ce qui veut dire que si vous avez de la chance, les hordes de touristes enivres du Strip n'arriveront pas jusque la, yeah !
hole in the wall @ cosmo! this place is the spot, but it's hard to find. it's directly to the right of the club and i swear...this white pizza had me going "hooo yeah!!!" ny style pizza..cant get enough! i wish they had the meatball pizza at the time which people have raved about..but looks i'm gonna have to go again..
It is not a secret anymore!!! So sad!! This place is open until 5am, and that is a beautiful thing! The pizza is reasonably priced considering that it's Las Vegas, and it's a NY size slice. It is PERFECT for a late night snack after Marquee.  Go find it! Good luck! There is no signage!
Great Pizza.. . In the midst of the gaudy sparkle that is the Cosmo, there's actually a hole in the wall that's really easy to miss. Seek this place out and try it. It's inexpensive (relatively) and good!
Legit NYC style pizza right down to the white tiled hole in the wall setting, complete with pinball machines and signed dollar bills taped up next to the register.. . The crust is just the right thickness and almost has a bit of a sourdough flavor. The sauce is mild and subtle, and the cheese is perfectly proportioned. The pepperoni and meatball toppings are both winners.. . The staff has that New York sass to them, but always provide solid service.. . I don't care if it's a ridiculous $4.50 per slice, Secret Pizza is the best slice in town, is worth a special trip, and is my go-to when I get that craving for a good slice or four.
Best Pizza Ever. This quite possibly might be my go to place as soon as I get to Vegas. Sorry, Earl's.. . Finding it may be difficult, but it's always fun to wander around with your party. But when you're like us and need your pizza fix quick status, you will search through all reviews to find on exactly how to get there. . . You could just smell it walking towards it, mmmm. Sure, there's a wait and you notice you can't really sit down there. There are a few stools and arcade games if you are waiting for you pizza to be ready. After only 20 minutes, our pizza was done.. . Delicious. I love their sausages best. Everything from the crust to thickness to cheese to subtly of the sauce, made this place memorable for me.  I craved pizza the next day and all I kept thinking was,  I just want Secret Pizza. I cannot wait to go back.
I waited one hour for one slice of cheese pizza. I can tell you it was amazing - but an hour wait in line while drunk will make just about anything amazing. I finished the slice as I pushed through the line to get out. All i could think of at that point was, "damn. I should have got two."
OMG this pizza is amazing!!!!!!! I have no idea why it is soooooo good...maybe because it is simple but its so delicious that I ate here more than any other place. Every time I go to vegas from now on I must stop by this place because I've never had any pizza this good in LA. It literally tastes like the pizza from teenage mutant ninja turtles looks like it should taste. The cheese is amazingly like stringy but does not take all the cheese with it to burn your mouth and the crust is light and airy with a satisfying crunch....do yourself a favor and try this place out!!!!!
After an excellent but unfilling dinner at Jaleo down the hall, my family wandered over to the secret pizza place. My dad had gotten a slice before our dinner and we knew that we would be in for more. After walking down a hall of records, I came across a white tiled pizza shop with no name.... yes, no name. After walking up to the counter I read the small menu on the wall, and all of a sudden, a worker with a heavy brooklyn accent asked what i wanted. I ordered a slice of sausage pizza, by looking at it i knew it would be good. I was rung up for a total of 5 dollars for a nice sized slice, after we just spent 225 for 4 at jaleo. This pizza was so simple but so tasty. Crispy thin foldable crust, hearty sauce, and authentic sausage. This is one of those stupid pizzas that everyone tells you about that taste so simple but so good. All together this place was great. After  i wolfed down the slice, i asked the lady at the register what the name is. She replied, " we don't have one, on yelp we're known as secret pizza". This made it that much better. Everytime im in vegas, i'll know to go here when i don't feel like burning money and i want a great pizza.
Maybe the best Pizza I have ever had. Out of all the expensive dinners we had all week in Vegas this cheap hidden Pizza place has been the best best food by far. Amazing and fresh. Its like GOD Pizza from Heaven with a side of awesome.
Keep going past the pool table and turn right into the tunnel decorated with album covers.  Inside you'll find some possibilities for eating.  The night we went, there was a three-cheese pizza, combination, pepperoni/ pepperoncini, and meatball slices to choose from.  Prices are about what you would expect for a good slice of pizza, making me feel that the $12 we paid for three slices was the best $12 we could have spent for a dinner on The Strip.  Open until 3:00, so you can stop by after spending time in the clubs or at a nearby bar.
For us locals the pricing is a rip off.  But since this place is in the Cosmopolitan on the Strip I'd say the prices are totally reasonable.. On to the pizza - awesome.  Nice crust that is crisp on the outside.  Has a slightly tangy taste like sourdough.  Just means they let the dough rise slowly and didn't rush it like so many places do.. Cheese was nice as was the sauce.  But the main attraction for me was the pepperoni.  Nice and spicy.  And the guy put a lot on there.  Really hits the spot and a much better value than a taco for $4 or a chinese bao for the same.
Drunk or Sober, this is the best Pizza in Las Vegas. Always worth the wait. . The pepperoni has a bit of kick to it!. . Oh, and they serve box wine & PBR! Awesome.. . YUMMMMM!
Delicious.   Thin crust and tasty toppings.  Great prices.  Want to go back to try the white pizza next time.  I'm craving it right now!  Oh yeah - and I LOVE that its a "secret".  I've been telling everyone about the secret when I hear they are going to Vegas.
best in the west!. go get some of this secret pizza!
It was great while it lasted, but Secret Pizza (otherwise known as 'The No Name Pizza Kitchen') is no longer a secret.  The lines have gotten longer and the prices have gone up, but this is still the best pizza in Vegas.  . . Try and avoid this place when Marquee is open, because it will be a circus of drunk people, and I've noticed that they don't go as far to heat up your pizza as they do when they aren't as slammed.  But regardless of when you go, how long you have to wait, or what slice you get, this place is worth the wait, ALWAYS.  . . Oh, and don't be the jerk who orders a whole pie when this place is busy.  Not cool, dude.
Like Johnny Cash, I've been everywhere, man.  I've had PIZZA everywhere, man.  And Secret Pizza is, hands-down, the best pizza I've had ANYWHERE.. . A few days ago, my fiance and I got into a random conversation about what we would want to eat for a last meal if we found ourselves on Death Row.  Both of us were kind of stumped.  Now we know.  SECRET PIZZA.  In fact, if Secret Pizza was ONLY served on Death Row, I would commit atrocities against society to get my slice.  I would.. . Finding the place was kind of fun.  I had an idea of where it might be based on other Yelp reviews, but I found myself tugging on door handles that do not open and trying to push on panes of glass that looked loose.  I guess I expected it to be so secret that I would have to prove my worth in death-defying feats of strength or manifest the entrance with the power of my mind.  Oh I figured it out alright, but not before I made a total ass of my dorky self in front of lots of scantily-clad club-goers.. . My fiance started freaking out first.  For him, it was love at first ooey-gooey sight.  I heard nearby diners launching expletive-laced raves about how it was the best "mo-effin' pizza ever."  Yet, until I took that first bite, I didn't believe.  Now I have seen the light... I have come to Pizza Jesus.. . During the entire consumption of my portion of our pie (pepperoni, sausage, and pepperoncini), I giggled like I did on my first date with my fiance.  It was so good that I found it almost hilarious, especially since I just now found this place and I'M MOVING AWAY IN JUNE.  Oh, the cruel, cruel irony.  It's a cold world indeed.. . We had plenty of leftovers.  On the way to the car with our ginormous pizza box, my fiance and I argued over how I was apparently "mothering him" by making him hold our precious treasure with two hands.  Maybe he has a point - maybe I need to have a baby to detract from my abnormal attachment to inanimate objects (like pizza).  But I digress.. . Oh, and we had to remove a shelf in our fridge to make the box fit.  I'm not even sure it was meant to be removed.  I actually think it's broken now.  Oh well.  It's worth sacrificing the security deposit on our apartment to preserve the pristine state of our perfect pizza.. . EDIT:  FYI, the REAL secret of Secret Pizza is that you really need to order the whole pizza so it is fresh and hot.  It isn't nearly as good if you just buy whatever slice is hanging around.  Take my word for it.  Buying the whole pie and having it piping hot takes this pizza from around 3 stars to 5.
I can't wait to eat this again !!!
I love the secret pizza shop! this place is soo good. . . Came here on two separate occasions. First time was around 1am on a Saturday (er..Sunday morning) and the line was long. Took about 20 min to get to the front and my oh my...the drunkards have come full force. . . I suppose being sober in the cosmopolitan at that time next to the exit of one of the strips most popular clubs doesnt help. But we ordered a whole pie...their white pizza which consisted of olive oil, onions, mozzarella, ricotta, and gahhhhlic. Then we kicked it up with muchrooms and sliced meatball. OMG A. Maze. Ing. It was so good. the new york thin crust and the mounds of ricotta...just a taste explosion in your mouf. . . Only thing was it cost quite a bit...30 bucks to be more specific. But it was worth it...it was vegas...and what ever..splurge. . . Next day went back and got a slice of classic peperoni. Still...super great and was really good. . . Soda and beer are served in red cups (same ones u buy at local costco or wherever) and its free refills (soda). i dont know what would happen if you brought your own from pre gaming in your hotel.... . Went to the restaurant next door and played some fooseball...that was a blast. the pool table had broken cues...but what do you expect.. . The place is located on the 3rd floor between two restaurants...a japanese and a spanish. it has a large wooden door with no sign...
Sooooo amazing. Wish they had one for us locals!!!!!! Makes me miss being back east.
DELICIOUS! . Every component for a perfect pizza exists in these pies. I usually order a cheese pizza as a litmus test to see how good the spot really is. . . The perfect pie (in my opinion, of course) must be:. . Thin Crust (Yes, controversial). Chewy Crust (This place definitely has that). Tasty Sauce (Not too sweet, not watered down). Gooey Cheese (Yum). Just enough grease. Cooked in a brick oven (Ok this place doesn't include that but I forgive them). . If that isn't convincing, I used to work for several pizza places and I used to be around pizza A LOT. I KNOW MY PIE! . . Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place easily.
Hot, cheesy yumminess. Yes, please! For $5/slice this is a great way to get away from all the buffets and fine dining and just kick back. My favorites were the mushroom and cheese. There's also a nice lounge area to shoot pool and kick it outside the hallway. Chill out to the max. . . It's also very close to the Eastside Tower elevators, so take a ride to the 3rd floor and enjoy a late night snack.
best NY style pizza in vegas. had fun looking for it. after one slice i waited in line again for seconds. yum
Because this place is somewhat of a secret it makes the pizza even more special.. . This pizza is really impossible not to love, if you like pizza. This is that greasy NY style, big slice, perfect cust pizza that you crave. . . If you're cool enough to find this place, welcome to the cool club but keep it a secret.
After days of buffets, I was done and looking for some yummy comfort food.  I had been itching to go to Secret Pizza since I heard about it months ago, and I'm so happy that I found it!! This is thin crust pizza at its best.  Perfectly crispy and cheesy.  I had the white pizza and mushroom, both the BEST pizza I've had outside of New York (seriously)!  For $5 a slice, it was totally worth it.  The place really wasn't hard to find if you know where to go.  It's on the third floor between Blue Ribbon Sushi and Jaleo.  I know it's supposed to be "secret pizza," but I'm not saying anything that people at the hotel wouldn't know or you can't find through a Google search anyhow.
Delicious.
I don't think this place is very "secret" anymore... 700+ reviews on Yelp and a line both times I have gone. Was giving friends the good ole' Las Vegas Strip tour and decided to give this place a try as I had heard many good things from fellow Yelpers. Staff was really friendly and even suggested we get a pie instead of ordering slices as there was 4 of us (probably would have figured it out on our own but its nice to know they weren't trying to pinch us for every penny).. . Did I mention that it had that "aroma"? You know, the aroma of a genuine pizza place? If you are from New York, you know about the "aroma". I was sold the second I started walking down that entrance way.. . Pizza was very good and the ingredients were quality. No joke, but some of the best tasting pepperoni I have ever had. We had a half white, half pepperoni pie.. . Only downfall for me was that the middle of the pie got a bit soggy. Maybe it was the type of pie we ordered, I don't know. But outside of that, I was extremely pleased and despite the price tag (around 25 bucks) it's worth it for good quality product.
Damn fine pizza. Nothing like this on Texas at all.
My boyfriend took me here on a day off and what I love about it is the simplicity.  Just some guys making pizza that is hot, fresh, and amazing.  The white pizza is what I go for.  I went that one day and the rest of week, went back 4 more times.  I got fat that week off of white pizza.  Now when I go to a pizza place and they have dessert I am usually not inclined to order.  For one, I make desserts, and two, I just don't want to be disappointed. Well, my cheesecake wasn't a little sliver, it was a wedge of dense creamy goodness.  So much so my man and I kept trying to figure out what kind of citrus was in it.  It was so subtle.  The cannoli, perfect.  Light cannoli wafer, perfect cream, chcolate, pistachios, and bits of dried fruit.  And now I want white pizza!
I found it!  Best/worst idea ever was using my friends review for help, even though he gave an important clue, I was sent to the wrong floor, doh! . . I ordered the white cheese pizza slice, and my  wife ordered the mushroom slice.  Delicious cheese with feta and garlic that melted in my mouth on every bite.  The mushrooms on my wife's slice were very fresh; she added red pepper and parmesan cheese to complete her pizza bliss.  Pizza is thin and pretty decent size; with the cost of 5 dollars a slice or 25 for a whole pie(16 slices), this eatery is a broke drunkards dream.  We will definitely  be back for a whole pie to take on the road home, or have for dinner if we lost our butt at the tables.  . . If you're in the Cosmopolitan casino leave there and go to the mall area.  From there go to the third floor and find a pool table.  You should see a hallway with vintage albums as wall art.  Follow it down, order and enjoy your victorious slice!
Simply put the best Pizza in Las Vegas full stop!
Secret pizza is the shit. Sober or drunk, it's worth the wait and the ridiculous conversations and interactions from all the sloppy mcsloppersons standing in line for a slice makes it quite entertaining as well. I liked the pepperoni, but I loved the white pizza with ricotta, mushrooms (?) and pepperoni! Just get a whole pizza for your group instead of ordering individual slices, because they're like the Pringles of the pizza world, once you pop you can't stop.
only good za in LV! even locals need to tey it out
Oh Secret Pizza Place.. You had me going on a crazy chase.. A crazy chase of a New York slice.. A slice of white and regular cheese will do me nice!. No need for toppings. Does me good plain.. Fully satisfies my drunken cravings. Can I complain?. Nay! You serve IPA! The staff is friendly.. Maybe on my next drunken adventure I'll write you a medley!. . (I thank you. Bows.)
How me and my girl friends drunkenly made our way to this place after all those shots of tequila at Marquee, I honestly have no recollection, but i vaguely remember a long corridor and a longish line of club goers patiently waiting for one thing - the greasy, deliciousness that is Secret Pizza.  . . I also don't recall what we ordered and how we ordered exactly, but we ended up with a large pie, half mushroom and half pepperoni with extra tomato sauce after flirting with the guy working the sauce station.  After about 15 minutes of waiting (it might have been shorter.  time always seems to go by slower with alcohol) we received our amazing NY style thin crust pizza, which we devoured in under 5 minutes.  Such simple toppings, but it was definitely the best NY style pizza I've ever had, even better than some that I had in New York.  A greasy must-have to sop up all that liquor you just filled up your body with.
A must go to spot if you're looking forsome good pizza on the strip.  The atmosphere is half the fun, and of course the pizza itself is great.  Granted depending on when you get there and what pies they have made, you may not get the 'ideal' toppings you want at the time, but no matter what you choose it seems to hit the spot.  If your ambitious enough to order an entire pie and take it back to your room, you'll notice all the people looking at you salivating cuz its just that good.
Order a fresh meatball ricotta pizza, and then thank me for changing your life in a positive way.
For months I have wanted to sample the pizza inside the not so secret back room at The Cosmopolitan, but just never got around to it before now.  But once Tropfest ended, the planets finally aligned, and Diane and I quickly left the Boulevard Pool via escalator and easily found our way to this highly touted haven of late-night pizza at last.  The line to order was fairly long even after 1:00 a.m. on a Monday.    And, I quickly learned that if pizza slices rather than a full pie are sought, what you are able to get totally depends on what comes out of the pizza ovens just before one's order is placed.  . . But luck was with us on this visit, for we were able to buy fresh hot slices of pepperoni, sausage, and cheese pizza, plus commandeer two adjoining seats at the counter to be able to eat while sitting down.  Although I might have preferred slices of pepperoni & mushroom pizza, no such combination was available when I reached the head of the line.  But getting to try three out of four flavors is pretty good!. . I was really pleased with this pizza.  My expectations were high going in, but they were exceeded.  The crust was nice and buttery, with no char on the bottom.  While the wide slices were relatively thin, they were not noticeably so, and the nicely finished crust was chewy, resilient, and foldable.  All slices were just saucy enough, and really cheesy and tasty.  Pepperoni was lightly spicy, and sausage was very mild, just as pizza maker Luigi had indicated when I asked him on my way through the line.  A small amount of grease was present, but to me that was a good thing for this New York style pizza.  Even though they had come out of the oven just a few minutes before I reached the cash register, each slice was given a little more fire before they were handed to me.  So they were hot and gooey, and a true treat to consume whether drunk or sober.  For, I loved this pizza, and unlike many other guests, had only water to drink all night.  In fact, the Secret Pizza establishment graciously offers free cold water out of a dispenser, with plastic cups and utensils provided as well.  . . Besides probably being the cheapest meal available inside a Strip hotel, IMHO the Secret Pizza likely serves the best pizza on The Strip, and is neck and neck with Biaggio's and Metro Pizza, and just a shade behind Dom DeMarco's, for the best pizza served in the entire Las Vegas valley.  Next time I will be ordering a whole pie!
Came here again and ordered a whole pie to take up to the balcony this time. Not sure if it was because it was fresh or just slower but the mushroom pepperoni was so friggin good. Maybe it was the fake champagne bottle of sailor jerry n coke i was carrying around and getting plastered off or if they just made it way better. It made for great leftovers when we got back that night so it must have that the pizza was that good. Best pizza in Vegas.
this place is so good. By accident, I stubmled upon this joint in the corner of the Cosmopolitian two years ago. (so hard to find). It's only worth it to buy the whole pie. (slices are too expensive).. I order a pepperoni mushroom sausage pie, take it up to the pool. lounge on one of those seats near the 8-tv screen area and watch football. life doesn't get much better than that. its NY style pizza. The cheese is soo gooey, the toppings are plentiful. not much to complain about this joint.
Great for an after clubbing experience.. . My group and I had gotten back to our room early at Elara after clubbing, and we all realized that we were down for some food... Where to go? SECRET PIZZA!!!. So we hopped over to the Cosmopolitan and searched for the hole in the wall.. it's not on the directory, so you gotta know where you're looking. Just ask any drunkards walking around with slices of pizza.. Anyway, we found it no problem, not a newb, but HELL... this is the first time I waited in a long line for it.  Oh and you gotta have some skills blocking people off because there are mad line cutters.  I was able to stop on chick and her friends when i realized she thought we were drunk and could slip by us with "our friends are up ahead". Gotcha. Although she was cool and joined us later at blocking off the other douchebags that tried to get through. Some blocked, some got through.. gotta choose your battles.. . oh yeah, the food.. bomb.... make sure you sprinkle parm cheese, red pepper flakes, or that green herbstuff(dried parsley flakes?) onto your pizza for extra an special zazz.
YUM!!! Other than having to wait a long time, the pizza is def worth the wait.  Its not too expensive, around $25 for one whole pizza.  Love it!
Finally found this place i can't believe i missed it the last time i was here glad i found it i was hungry. This place is a hidden gem in the Cosmopolitan for the ones who want to spend less on food. The staff was awesome and friendly and the pizza is greasy and good the flavoring and spices are just right. One of the guys mentioned that the line sometimes goes out the door after walking down the hall to this place i'm like if you are hungry that will be a good amount of wait time for a pizza so plan accordingly i'd probably say your best bet is early lunch time or late night. I will def be back for pizza here again.
When I went during the week, there were no lines but just great pizza to had! The staff was friendly and fast. I got the "white" pizza and regular pepperoni. The pizza is flavorful with thin crust. It's not that hard to find at the Cosmo as you see everyone with pizza outside the place and you smell it! . . If you haven't tried it, please do! There is limited seating inside but there are chairs outside of the place. Me and my friend got 3 slices and two cokes, that came out to $22...it's Vegas! ;-)
Hard to find so ask around..the secret is that it is hidden w/out signs to point you in the right direction so do ask..worth the time.
Bro. After a long night of dancing, this is one of the best things you'll find around Marquee N.C.. My friend (who lives in Vegas) took me here after a long night... and BOY WAS I GLAD that I found this "secret pizza" joint.. IT's SOOooOOo funny that there isn't a name for this place though.... . People were asking us "where'd you get that!?". And I'm just like..... "It's a SECRET MAN!" hahahah I'm jp.. If you're a rookie at vegas... U ain't gonna find it. . It's straight up new york style pizza and my buddy that was from New York (or they pronounce it 'new yark') said it taste just like it.. Mannnnn. seriously... just try it out (especially after  Marquee). Pepperoni, cheese, w/e you want. They got it and it's bomb. It's not even expensive... ESPECIALLY since it's in cosmo. . WIN-WIN sonnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!. It tastes like 4 star. But the convenience gives it +1.
Super tasty!  I got the white slice, and it hit the spot.  There's not much seating inside, but right outside is a little area with a pool table and nice furniture to sit on.  Soda is crazy expensive for a little pizza joint, but they have free water, and the wine comes in a giant cup :)
BOMB.com right here!  When you find it that is.... . Follow the chandelier up and then take the escalator up one level from Marquee.  Then follow your nose to the scent of PIZZA!!!!!!  (look for the hallway of vinyl). . F that! I never get just a slice here, I always buy a pie, a whole one at that!  That way you can get half red sauce and half white!  Add your appropriate toppings and voila!  Dine inside or grab a seat by the pool table outside and watch all these people looking at you eating your huge slices!  The pizza here is really good and I actually favor the white.. . HOLLA!
Oh secret pizza place, you never fail me!. . Coming out to the Cosmo to hang with out-of-towners for a bit and managed to find my way back to secret pizza. Ordered 2 Pepperoni, sausage and mushroom pies and then got the names of all the workers. . . Such nice people who probably get annoyed of the drunken me. :). . Can't wait to go back!
We came here to try this awesome pizza. First off it is hard to find but worth the map travel to find. I do like its hidden. It makes very original. We had the white pizza which was superb!!
Secret Pizza is one of those establishments that really needs no introduction. At first glance, it is quiet, discrete, and no frills. Yet when you dig deeper and get to know its personality you find something so much more. I am a firm believer that every establishment has room for improvement. However, when I think about it long and hard Secret Pizza really epitomizes all I would want or come to expect of a pizza establishment. I almost dare say that it was the best pizza I have ever had. . . Nestled in the Cosmopolitan, you would think it would be flashy and glitzy. Rather, it defies that convention and it sits in a nondescript hallway that you would easily bypass. Not that I am saying you should go down every service hallway at the Cosmopolitan, I'm just saying taking the Star Trek like elevator to the third floor above the Chandelier Bar and walk down the nondescript hallway till you find Secret Pizza. Note, the hallway has photos on it to give you some direction.. . Once there, you will be greeted by the beautiful smell of pizza. While slices are available in the showcase, full pizza's are available as well. I'd probably call ahead if that is the case just to avoid having to wait. Since we didn't know any better, we settled on a simple pepperoni pizza. However as we waited to order, the guy working the counter clearly could tell we wanted a white pizza as well and mentioned that we could have a half pepperoni/half white pizza and it came out to be one of the best decisions we made in Vegas. The pepperoni was really good, but the white pizza was much better. Both offered really great flavors that melded in a perfect harmony that would make angels sing. The pepperoni has just the right amount of salt and spice to counteract the fat and sweetness of the mozzarella. While at the same time the white pizza was an amazingly good blend of ricotta and mozzarella cheese. Both on a thin crust that was easy to work with, yet not being very greasy at all. . . Service was good with the staff clearly not only knowing their menu but also clearly having skill when it comes to making their pies. They keep the line moving at a carefully timed rate as if it were a well-made machine.. . Definitely a great place to grab a bite, while they may not have seating grab a glass of wine or beer with the pie and head on out to the main areas. It is definitely one bite you do not want to miss.
Amazing, authentic and fun!  Great job we will be back!!!!!  It's definitely NY pizza... If you have never had a NY Za and are used to vegas pizza places then you might not get it.  The crust is perfect and so is everything about the toppings and the little white tiled place. Defiantly worth the drive and the money.
Spent 30 minutes walking around the area trying to figure it out. Turns out it's a really super secret place. Look for a random hallway that leads to a pinball machine.. . Delicious pizza, energetic staff, can't ask for more.
Very good pizza hard to find but once you do it is worth it
Great NY style pizza, and in the cosmo!
Best secret I could never keep to myself. . After a day of non-stop day drinking and raging, I pretty much died and didn't make it too far out of my hotel room. Empty stomach and determined to make an appearance, I dragged myself to Marquee at 1:30 only to leave 20 minutes after to go back to the hotel room...but not before being nosey and wanting to know this secret everyone had been talking about...so even after an entire day of feeling like complete poop, I waited in line and got myself the white pizza....I was cured of whatever illness I thought I felt, I downed that slice of pizza like I hadn't eaten for days. Winner.
The pizza was delicious. The price , however was chocking, 5 bucks for a slice. After 2 huge slices I was still hungry.  It is better if you get a whole pizza for 25 bucks and is enough for 2 or 3 people, it is huge. The place feels like you are walking into a restroom, but the pizza's good. They make lots of $$$$$$
Amazing pizza!! and VERY friendly staff. Prepare for a long wait, but it's worth it.
Best when you need to escape the madness for good pizza!
Always a big fan of Cosmo's not so secret, secret pizza place. No matter the time of day, a slice from Secret pizza always does the trick when your hungry or just need a snack. For those times when you need to feed a few more people or just being fat, you can order a pie anyway you want it. . . We were just there a few nights ago, ordered a pie with everything and just sat in front at a table and played pool at 11PM at night. What better way to start an evening then some great pizza, drinks and friends before the night of debauchery starts? Or ends if you have been partying all day, but alas I digress. . . Oh... and the staff is awesome to!
Oh how I love thee WHITE PIZZA!. . Doesn't get any better, and that is ALWAYS what I order, along w/ a Stone IPA.. . There is not much else to say about this place, other than it is a hidden gem on the LV strip.
Thank goodness I went with people in the know otherwise I would have had a heck of a time finding this place. Trick of the trade: place a take out order! We ordered two whole pizzas, took it back to Aria and enjoyed it thoroughly. It was delicious! . . The pizzas here are delicious! Greasy and delicious! But beware of the high number of drunks that will approach for food as you carry your pizza box around =)
Awesome pizza, whether sober or imbibed.  The only problem is, they have too many different slices and you want to try them all!. . Every slice I've tried has been excellent, though the white pie is one of my favorites.. . It's a bit hard to find, but well worth the visit.  If you visit during the wee hours, be prepared for a line (of often colorful characters).  But, it's worth the wait (and at least you'll probably have fun while waiting).
Great pizza. The coolest ambiance and setting in a large living room style furniture. Best thin crust in Vegas!  A must do. 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Already have my next pizza dinner at Secret Pizza planned.
After scouring the hotel and passing numerous restaurants, we finally spotted the inconspicuous  pizza place.. . I apprehensively ordered a regular slice.  It's hard to find a pizza place outside of NYC that is up to par to my standards.  I was happily surprised.  The pizza was DELICIOUS.  It was just what I needed after a long flight and bad airport food.. . Great place but a low-key and relatively cheap bite to eat.
I'm not much of a "review or feedback" person but this place is worth me signing up for a yelp account !!! It's the best pizza I have ever had hands down .... Like most newbees I had a hard time finding it here is a post that helped me find it : . . "Take escalators to restaurant floor (third floor). At top of escalators you will be facing Jaleo. Immediately on the left of this restaurant is a (narrow by Vegas standards) hallway - the pizza place is down this hallway. You'll see people indulging in pizza by the pool table in this area and know you've hit the right spot. :). . best,. . the pokerfoodie". . If you stay on the strip and don't hit this place at least once your missing out big time!!!!
Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for leading me to Secret Pizza.  There are no signs leading to this place...just knowledge that it exists, the help of the nearby employees that pointed me in the right direction, and the faint smell of yumma pizza as I got closer to the secret location.. . I've been here twice and both times I was treated to high quality pizza.  The first time, there was enough of us that we opted to get a whole pie.  We got 1/2 white sauce w/ mushrooms and 1/2 red sauce combo.  They make it fresh when you order it, so there needs to be an element of patience.  About 15-20 min later, we got a HUGE box that wouldn't even close because the pizza was too big.  It was DELICIOUS!  I loved the super thin, super crispy crust.  I especially liked the White Pizza...creamy with just the right amount of garlic.  The second time, I went for a slice of the White Pizza with susage.  Again, it was YUMMY!
FINALLY had a chance to hit up this secret place up. It's been here since before i left on deployment and it's still dishing out kick ass pies.. . Go with a large group, get a whole pizza, socialize, eat pie, be happy.. . Go alone, play game on your phone, eat pie, be happy, take pie home, be happier.
GASP! 5 Stars?  Yes, this place was everything I expected it to be and more.  Why?  Because the pizza was SOO DAMN GOOD!. . I was in Vegas a month ago, and naturally each time I travel  I look for spots that garner hype and are said to have good food.  . . Well this place really is "Secret", as a matter of fact it really has no name.  One could say the prices are too steep, almost $5 a slice plus toppings.  But it is so worth it.. . The white pizza, IMO, one of the best pizza's you couldget outside of Italy.  Look I'm not food critic, I can't even cook but I know when something tastes good and this place makes great tasting pizza!
PIZZA!!! Plus video games and pinball! Super delish pizza with fresh crust and hot bubbly cheese! Simpy divine! A little pricey but well worth it. If you are in the Cosmopolitan and  want great pizza...stop by here!!. . Thincrust also!
Omg their white pizza is to die for!!!!!!!!! their pizza is ammmmmmmmaaaaaaaazing here!!!!! i'd rate it 10+ stars hahaha
Love this place.  My first time here was by total accident, just curious what was down that hallway covered with old record covers.  So excited to see and smell the wonderful pizza they had over here.  They also have beer, cannolis, and cheesecake.  The pizza is priced affordably for where you are and what you get.  They have a little bar with some stools so you can eat inside there.  It is open late too so its perfect for that late night snack.  Love the pizza, may be my favorite in town.
Get the white pizza!!!!! Ricotta and garlic.....NOM!!!. I love this place...great pitstop after a night of fun and dancing!!!. . To save some money: order a whole pie....A Whole White is $24....otherwise, spend $5 plus on each slice..=P
Had the white pizza wife had the cheese no doubt one of the best in town
Not so secret anymore, huh? . . 3rd floor of the Cosmo, look for the hallway with the records lining the walls and people with drunchies standing outside. Bomb ass pizza: pepperoni and white are stand-out. May take a bit if you order a whole pie-- it'll be real fresh.. . Water cooler by the register. Minimal seating inside; some couches in the lobby outside. Great spot to people watch.. . Best post-game food in the classiest hotel-casino around. Plus, comes with a whole lot of character.
Pizza so good it makes me throw my gluten allergy into the wind!
What's better than a really good New York style pizza spot in Las Vegas? A HIDDEN New York style pizza spot!!! Secret Pizza is definitely that. A secret. Don't look for any signs or information on the website: you won't find it.  Matter of fact, the only reason I found this place was because I did a search on Foursquare of local spots.  So the only way you'd find this place is by knowing that it exists. . . Basically, it's on the 4th floor, next to STK.  You'll see a hallway of album covers.  All along the walls and the ceiling.  Walk down  that hallway and turn the corner and you're there!  It's not very big.  They have a few bar chairs and a ledge but if there's 5 people eating then you better take your pizza elsewhere.  You can buy a whole pizza or by the slice.  I personally had the white pizza, which is just as good as it was promised to be, and added toppings.  A slice, a couple of toppings and a drink will probably run you about $7, making it the cheapest meal you can have in the entire hotel.  So make sure you stop by and spread the word! It's more than worth it!
Can't go wrong with this place.  Besides the wait, I would come here everyday for my daily dose of pizza.  It's an attraction to "post club munchies" but it's worth it.
love this place! cheap and open nearly 24 hours. perfect place to stop by for a snack or quick meal.
This is a must try in Vegas! Wanted good pizza so I yelped and this came us. So a group of us made it on over. Its labor day so the line was a bit long but worth it. Great toppings, great crust. I will definitely come here again
Just like Original Ray's NYC ! . I loved it... Went twice in one week! PBR on tap and a cheese slice! The price is right and its in and out quick and totally NY style pizza!
Hi. If you ask any of the workers at Cosmopolitan they will either lie to you or give you wrong directions to the secret pizza joint. . . It took us a few minutes to find this place but once I did I now know why this place is a secret. The food is very good here. I don't want anyone else knowing that this place exists because it's that good. . . The crust is even good.. . I flew into vegas straight from NY and I have to admit that the pizza here was better than any pizza I had in NY. Not joking.. . Now go on an adventure and find this hidden secret pizza place in the Cosmo.. . FYI, there are no signs to this pizza place, just a long hallway into pizza heaven
Best pizza experience ever!!!
This place is DELISH!  It is super hard to find and not even listed on any of the maps or anything, if you go to the third floor your best bet is to look for hallway-looking walkway covered in records, look twice before turning around and you will find it.  The price is amazing, especially for overpriced Vegas.  And for less than $5 a slice, probably one of the best tasting budget-friendly meals you can have in the strip.  The white pizza was my absolute fav, in fact I am craving some now.  You will not be disappointed, eat here early on your trip and you'll likely return for more before leaving and save lots of money in the process.  Oh, and great service too- super friendly and quick!
Frickin awesome!!!! I love secret pizza! I totally wanna open up a place like this in Hawaii!  No frills just great pizza and great service!  Definitely hitting up this place next time I call in sick!
I mean, it could be the time of night and all the alcohol consumed leading up to a visit to Secret PIzza...but I guess it doesn't matter because what sober person is out looking for late night treats at 3-4am?. . The biggest knock against SP is the wait, but aren't all good things worth a wait?  I will say that expectations can tend to get high when you wait 30-45-60 minutes in line for something, but SP certainly delivered.  The pie was so delicious and I'm pretty sure I woke up with a burnt mouth because I didn't even want to wait for it to cool down.  I guess I should have rated SP a 1/5 and said it's the worst thing out there so less people would show up.... . Can't wait to go back - Vegas needs more late night food spots like this one.
Good Pizza...Great Service!!!. . I was skeptical after reading the mixed reviews about this place, but can't complain.  There was no line when we went for a late Sunday breakfast, the cashier and server were super friendly, the pizza was good and free soda refills!  Would totally go back!
Fresh toppings, and nice crust...what more can I ask for?. . Just need to be patient if you want the full pizza as it will take more than 15-20 mins.  Cheap eat per person if you get a full pizza which can serve up to 4 people.
great nyc pizza!!! check it out!!!
It's NOT a secret to everyone. . . Oh come on Legend of Zelda fans....you know that's comedy gold. Anyways...it's not like this place has a invisible trap door. But it's also not advertised with any signs so that's win win nonetheless. I dunno if it was the alcohol in my system but this pizza shouldn't be kept from the public...it's THAT damn good. It's probably one of the top three best pizza's I've had (outside of New York). Who would've thought that legit (brick oven) pizza could be found in Vegas? . . I think I had a slice with pepperoni, salami, and sausage...my memory's kinda fuzzy. I do know that it was a superb slice. . . PS....don't go there dressed like a bum if it's after hours. There are tons of fiiiiiiiiiiiiine women at the restaurants, bars, and clubs surrounding Secret Pizza. You've been warned.
A "hidden" gem among all the fancy stores and restaurants  this pizza joint was a very guilty pleasure of mine. . . They had perfect nostalgia with the fact that it is a hidden restaurant down a long dark hallway, the staff are casually dressed with backwards baseball caps, and there is a working Galaga arcade game set up next to the counter!. . Now, the reason for me being so impressed is the fact that it is in such a "classy" area and the amount of joy you feel when you find this joint is priceless (of course it's on the Cosmopolitan hotel map but still it's like a treasure hunt).. . Oh, and the pizza was pretty good, definitely a nice stop after some fun at the Marquee Day & Night club.
I am not a pizza fan.. I prefer to make it at home myself, but I would have to say that this pizza is by far the best pizza i've ever had! We got a 3 topping pizza: pepperoni, meatball, and mushroom. $26. The pizza was delicious, the sauce was perfectly seasoned, if only they give you a side to dip your crust in! It is a thin crust pizza, but not too thin and crispy, very enjoyable to eat. The place is hard to find, it is on the 3rd floor I think down a hallway... when they say 'secret pizza' it really is secret, they don't even have their name on anything! If you have the chance and are craving pizza... this is definitely the place to go!!
This is my favorite pizza place. Ever. It just tastes amazing. For example, I don't like mushrooms, have avoided them my entire life. When all they had for pre-cooked slices the other night was pepperoni and mushrooms, and some other weird looking cheese thing, I happily ate the mushrooms and they were the best thing ever. I love mushrooms now. I just wish this place delivered, took carryout orders, and existed outside of Vegas. It is seriously the best pizza ever.
YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM. i am a LOVER of Secret Pizza. I've only tried the white and the cheese but do I wanna come back or what! I had California Pizza Kitchen today and Secret Pizza is on a totally different scale of deliciousness. What makes it so different is that its nice and crispy on the bottom when they are reheating it. I can't wait to come back!
Serve pizza and pizza only! but its all they can sell when theyre slammed on the strip! Great pizza, possibly the best crust in town! Sauce is sweet, cheese tastes like a NY brand! Love it! My dad is here every week, since he works at the Jockey Club next door! whenever I have a few extra dollars (expensive on the strip), and its late at night nowhere to go on a slow Tuesday, this is my spot! and well worth it!
I love pizza, I eat it about twice a week at least. Pizza when drunk is even better, and I was was wasted when I had this and it was probably one of the best drunk meals I've ever had!!!. . I think I got a slice of the sausage/pepperoni and a slice of the supreme, both were phenomenal.  Amount of toppings is generous and the pizza slice was huge and greasy (good greasy).  . . The wait can be a while after getting out of Marquee (30 min), but it's well worth the wait!!!!  It's on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo Casino  I don't even know you whoever you are reading this review, but I hope that you will get the chance to enjoy this miraculous pizza.  I can't wait to go back and get it again!!
O how I luv my secret pizza. . u were lost but now you're found. . I can eat you by the pound. . if only the lines could be smaller. . then I could give you more of my dollars. . why is your pie sooo good. . do you use special wood. . i could eat you every day. . i really would if i could. . i luv my pizza, my little secret. . but alas...nobody could keep it..... . . written by,  the pizza poet.....
Looks like the secret is out and the long lines at 2:00am are there to prove it! . . I came here this past weekend after another shitty night at Marquee dealing with douchey, good for nothing bouncers. Coming to this Secret Pizza joint was the highlight of my night. I got a slice of the combination pizza and as I took my first bite, I regretted only ordering one slice. The pizza was extremely crispy from beginning to end and the meat was quality! . . Not only did I get to eat AMAZING pizza, but I met Jason, a bachelor celebrating his last days of freedom, who then ended up being my fake fiance for a couple of minutes. I also met another guy who dared me to do a cartwheel, but instead I tricked him into doing cartwheel down the hall for everyone's amusement. All of this made the waiting in line part a billion times more bearable, so the next time you're here make friends with the people in line to kill the time. . . Don't hesitate to come here..the first thought after leaving Marquee should be to venture to this awesome spot.
The greatest little hidden gem in Las Vegas!!!. 3rd floor. The Cosmopolitan. No sign. Long hallway. GO FIND IT NOW. Period.. . The pizza is the business!!  The pepperoni has a great spice to it. The white pizza is ahhhhmazimg. The mushroom....delish!  The crust does not even taste like crust....it like a warm dinner roll.. That's all you need to know.
Ok YUMMMMM!. Ate here several times this week - can order the pies or just by the slice.  If you are staying at the Cosmopolitan, they deliver for free.  Staff is SUPER friendly, make you feel like you grew up there with them.  Loved it and can't say enough good things.  The pizza is NY style with a great thin crispy crust.  Piping hot, molten lava cheese.  Just do it, you won't regret it.
Amazing. Not-so-secret anymore but oh well. We got a whole pizza with banana peppers on it one night. sounds weird but it was amazing. grab a beer and some pizza and head back up to your room to crash out. Lives up to the hype.
A hidden gem on the Cosmo's 3rd floor. Just spent a week in NYC, and Secret Pizza's slices were even better than the Big Apple's IMHO.
I've been thinking about this pizza since we left. its not the best pizza in the world, but it sure is tasty. plus the fact that you have to know where you're going is wicked cool. Not many choices, but who cares, what they have is great. Oh! and its pretty cheap, considering everything in Vegas is kinds of expensive. . This place saved our lives twice, OK maybe not saved our lives literally, but when you have a few drinks in ya and are staving it feels like salvation. :)
Yum!
Sausage/Peperoncini Pizza. Hands down the best.
Legit New York style pizza. I wonder if they import the water.. . Stumbled into the long, unmarked hallway at three o'clock something in the morning after a night at Marquee. Probably waited 30 minutes with the other drunkards. One of our party fell facefirst into a couch in the Cosmopolitan lobby waiting for us to get his re-up.. . Pizzas are $5 per slice. Not cheap, but worth it. The server provides some clever banter while the cashier is all business. I'm a straight cheese, homey kind of guy. Need that red sauce, though. Friend swore by the white pizza, but the cheese was money. Also got that pepperoni, sausage, veggie, and other mix and match optionality. Or build your own pizza and sell it in the hallway.. . Why? Because as we left, the line doubled in size. You walk out with your slice, loaded up with parmesan and red pepper flakes, and everyone ooh's and ahh's at the deliciousness. Jealousy abounds.. . Sit down on one of the couches or seats in the third floor lobby. Fold that slice long ways: for the paper airplane inclined, that's hot dog style, not hamburger style. Get that sucker in your mouth. Prepare to be amazeballed.. . Got our friend his re-up. Not a moment too soon. Another guy was completely passed out and the cops asked if he knew who and where he was. Not our problem; we got our guy. The pizza rejuvenated him...to lose more money gambling. You're welcome, Vegas.. . Went back two days later sober to make sure the pizza was legit. No line. Still was.. . Third floor of the Cosmo. See Jaleo or STK? It's roughly your six o'clock from there. Long hallway. Get the cheese. Or the white, if that's your style.
The king of all pizza joints on the West Coast.  Period.  They make an excellent piping hot thin crust pie.  It will make you forget how much money the Cosmo casino just took you for.  This is the mecca of late night eating in Vegas.  Play a round of pool, people watch on the swanky lounge chairs out front, and then devour your pie along with all of the other dolled up women and rico suaves from the clubs.
Part III: Cosmo Food Crawl. . NNPK 'SECRET' PIZZA. . This Pizza joint has got to be the coolest thing ever on the Strip, there's no sign, none of your normal indicators that this venue actually sells food; just a open hallway line with albums and pictures-at the end all you see is a pinball machine and a throng of people.  The waft of crusty bread and pizza sauces permeates the halls and the lobby, marketing it's own original advertisement!. . It's your typical Pizza Joint, Pies laid out in front with giant stacked ovens in the back; lines of people ordering and paying at the register.  The interior is remarkably chic; Carrera marble counter tops and other beautiful finishes make this the best dive to grab a cheap eat!. . I was unfortunately, unable to help myself; a slice of Cheese and Pepperoni + Sausage somehow got onto my plate.  The Pizzas were just right; perfect crust-almost buttery it had both the texture and flavor that makes it an undeniably New York Pizza.  The Pepperoni Sausage was super yummy, and I can just imagine this would be the perfect place for after hours dining.. . I had to take a pic of my favorite Pizza condiments: Parmesan, Chili Flakes and Oregano,  missing is Garlic, my frenemy (love the taste, hate the after effects of lingering garlic in my mouth and breath)
Probably my favorite pizza in all of Sin City. Secret Pizza is great,and it's not just because the pizza is stellar. The staff is nice and there's always some entertainment in the form of drunken twenty somethings if you're into people watching. Try the white pizza...it's life changing.
Secret Pizza is so much fun to take people to!  They do pizza exceptionally well...nice crispy bottom, chewy crust, great sauce.  It is not my all-time-favorite or anything, but on taste alone I'd hand out 4.5 stars.  . . Any two of the following puts it in a unique place that is well deserved of 5 stars for me:  It is called Secret Pizza for a reason, there are no signs; it is not located on the restaurant listing for the Cosmopolitan. Walking down the hall to a hidden gem is half the fun!  Then there is the fact that you can get a quality IPA on tap.  The wall of records is is incredibly cool, and the black & white tile fits so perfectly.. . Pizza + secret + atmosphere + IPA = an easy 5 stars in my book.  I will take out-of-town friends here anytime, but i'd also stop in for a slice if I was anywhere near the cosmo!
For someone who thinks pizza is overrated, I really like this place. But then again I've never been here sober and I probably never will.. . This is my go-to spot after drinking and dancing all night on the strip. I love the not-so-secret-now location and telling my out of towner friends all about it. I really love any pizza with the meatballs and I always have them add some pepperoncini's (sp) to it.. . The line can be hit or miss, but I've never waited less than 10-15 minutes every time I go there. It's just a fact of life that you'regonna have to wait a while so don't come here expecting prompt service. At least they have record covers of Italian musicians for you to stare at if you don't feel like staring at the fellow patrons in line. I was reminded that Madonna is Italian and learned that Chuck Mangione is a real person and not just a recurring character on King of the Hill. I tell you hhhwhat.
Love this Place. . . Always worth a Trip.
Yeah, this place is pretty much the SHIZZ-NIT!!!. . Top floor of the escalators, between the Japanese restaurant and the Spanish tapas restaurant.  Go down the loooooong hallway and you find it.  Don't ask the workers the name of the place.... shhhhhh, it's a "secret".  HA HA HA!!!. . Anyway, open late (so late, I can't even recall if it closes).  Definitely all the late night Marquee Nigh Club goers go here to grease down the booze they had.. . Get the white pizza.... love, Love, LOVE the ricotta cheese on them.  It's about $3.50 a slice, but big thin crust slices.  I'd recommend dabbing quite a bit of the oil off the top, but otherwise ENJOY.... if you can find it ;-)
A MUST GO!!!!. . Be warned though that the pizza is HOT and when you are drunk, stupid, and hungry, you will bite into it a burn the crap out of the roof of your mouth.
I've been here once and if no one showed me where it was, I wouldn't have found it. It really is a hole in the wall kind of place, but that doesn't make the food quality any worse. It's actually really good for a pizza joint. The only problem is the place is slightly expensive, but totally worth it and being in the Cosmopolitan I wouldn't really expect anything less. . . It's about $5 per slice, but the slices are pretty decent. I like the white sauce pizza, but they do have the regular red sauce. They have a wide range of toppings, but I usually get sausage or pepperoni but sometimes a combo too. . . Once you order they throw the slices in the oven to warm it up a bit so you do have to wait a little bit. So it does come out hot and you'll have to wait a little bit for it to cool down. When my friends and I went, there wasn't a line at all, but it blew up pretty quickly right behind us, which was surprising. . . It's a pretty good NY style pizza, I'll definitely be going back soon for sure for some more pizza.
It is inside the beautiful new Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino. That's all I'll tell you. The rest is a fun adventure-ride through outer space.
I love pizza, and I effing love Secret Pizza. I got the white pizza. A thin, crispy crust was topped with mozzarella, Parmesan, dollops of ricotta, & an herb-garlic spread. I can't even describe how good it was. It's a bit on the pricey side, but well worth it. My slice was $5.
After hitting up club Marquee, I had the munchies and I needed something quick & tasty. Secret pizza hit the spot. There was a line up 2-3am but the staff was soo fast and they have beer to wash all that cheesy goodness down. I ended up coming here 4 times since I craved the pizza after pool parties. Definately must try!
Holla!
Awesome freakin pizza! Cheap n great. Go here
the secret's out! . . Fill up your gas tank with some cheesy pizza. Probably not such a smart idea , but when taste is on the line,  it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make!. . There was a long line out the door of a nameless restaurant and from the hints that the yelp reviews and hotel staff, we pinpointed that this was secret pizza. This was our go to spot when we were in a time crunch 'cause it was in the Cosmo next to marquee and in our hotel! I tried the white sauce pizza and just a plain pepperoni with sun dried tomatoes. Both were everything i was dreaming of. Thin, flavorful and chock-full of carbs! . . Pleas note, If you don't want something cheesy, skip the white pizza!
This place gets 5 big stars for (1) making REALLY tasty pizza, (2) being unpretentious, (3) having a free-to-fill water dispenser, (4) not being abusively over-priced and (5) JUST BEING THERE!. . I mean thank you so much for existing Secret Pizza! We came here twice during our short trip to Vegas because we NEEDED you! NEEDED. Yes! . . This is a great location and has nice late hours.  In a place where there is just NO PLACE to get a TASTY and affordable bite, this place is unbelievable! Why not open another one SP? We will find you!
Simple tip: order the white pizza.
i work in the cosmo .. i love this place .. the pizza is bomb !! i'm a new yorker so i always looking for a great pizza joint out west.. not many out here but this spot is east coast baby  !!  :)
We are from New York and we take our pizza very seriously.   I heard about Secret Pizza from a friend before we came out here.    Let me just say it was worth every penny!   My husband is not a crust guy, so I usually eat his.    Not this time.   He ate it all.    We got a large pepperoni and mushroom pie.   Before we left we ate two slices each.    On the way back to MGM we encountered a homeless woman on the walkway between NYNY and the MGM.    We shared our pizza with her.    When something good comes into your life you must pay it forward!
Among the best pizza I've ever had- definitely the best in Vegas! Went there 2 out 2 nights on my last Vegas trip. I tried all sorts of slices, but liked the meatball and mushroom best. I don't normally like white pizza, but this one is great.. . Fun, mellow, atmosphere. A welcome break from all the Vegas lights and sin and what not.. . They had PBR and Stone IPA on tap, which was a really cool combination. Satisfied everyone who wanted beer with their pizza.. . Not going to lie: I ate too many slices at one point and had a tummy ache for all of the next day, but I'm about 100% sure that was my fault, not their's. It's just so good.
omg get the white pizza! just had the opportunity to finally try it and it was amazing! also if you're staying at the cosmo, call down to room service and have the secret pizza delivered straight to your hotel room to avoid the lines and wait time!
A must eat in Vegas...We weren't even hungry but had to return to get a slice of the pie...Pretty pricey for a slice of pizza ($5 per slice) but worth it.  Had the white pizza and pepperoni.  I love thin crust and this is one of the best.  I usually don't eat the crust, but easily polished this one.  I normally wouldn't pay close to $30 for a whole pie, but then again, I don't usually spend this kind of money outside of vegas.
Best. Pizza. Ever. . . $5/slice is a bit pricey but well worth it. Wish this place was in L.A., all my problems would be solved.
Sober and ohh so good. Crust is not oily and just the perfect amount of sauce on my cheese slice. Nom nom!!!!
LOVE THIS PLACE but if you don't know where you're going you'll never find it.  Rule number one of secret pizza, TELL EVERYONE!  Start by looking for the pool tables on the third floor, then search for a dark corridor lined with framed records that leads to a pinball machine, walk down said corridor and voila you're there...or you can just ask someone. LOL!
This place is literally a secret.  It's not on the map or directory at the Cosmopolitan Hotel nor does it have a sign above the entrance saying "Secret Pizza."  It's on the 3rd floor near the elevator.  Enter a long hallway and the place is literally a hole in the wall.. . I came here with my boyfriend, and I had the impression that the pizzas would be more unique.  The pizzas are pre-made and each slice is popped in the oven for a few minutes as you order.  We asked the cashier what makes this pizza so great, and she replied, "It's just good pizza.". . For $5, we shared one slice of the white pizza, which is topped with ricotta and mozzarella cheese.  I never had an orgasm in my mouth from pizza before, and needless to say, my boyfriend and I should have gotten our own slice.  After devouring that slice of pizza, we pulled out another $5 and ordered a slice of sausage pizza.  That was also very delicious, but I prefer the white pizza.. . If you come with a large party, it's best to purchase an entire pizza to share since it's cheaper that way. . . Dominos and Pizza Hut just don't make the cut anymore.  This place is truly a treasure serving just really good pizza.  I wish there was another location in Orange County so I can fully satisfy my pizza cravings.
This might be the best pizza I've ever had.. . The prices are extremely reasonable for Las Vegas and the staff is really friendly.  I've had their cheese pizza, meat lovers pizza (HIGHLY recommend), and a slice of ricotta & meatball.  They have beer on tap (simply: PBR or IPA).  They have video games.  It has become a staple of any Vegas visit for me.
Wow, who was the genius that put a pizza place right next to Marquee?  That guy should be rewarded like a BOSS because having the pizza literally 30 seconds away is about as clutch as you can possibly get.  Again, this is why the Cosmo rules.. . Yeah, it's expensive, but what in Vegas isn't expensive?  Usually $5 a slice, and that's before you get into multiple topping slices.  Honestly though, at least the pizza is pretty damn good for $5.  Crust is has good complexion. the cheese is delicious, and the toppings are always quality.  They always make sure to stick it in the oven before they give it over to you, so it is piping hot when you get it.  Ain't no other way to eat pizza than piping hot.  My only wish is that they had chicken pesto pizza, but it's ok...I'll let you slide because your italian sausage/pepperoni and meatball pizzas are bomb as hell.. . Staff is great, very understanding and accommodating considering all the drunk, hungry people that pass by here between 2 to 5 AM.. . And not just that, but this place gets pretty entertaining because DRUNK PPL LOL.  Last time I went and waited in line, some girl was going off about how she wanted to beat the crap out of another girl, but didn't out of respect for the bachelorette party.  New night, new stories.  Ah, good times.
White ricotta pizza is Amazing. Garlic was perfect.
As someone from the Bay Area who's eaten at Cheese Board pizza, this place is as good, if not better.. . Legit NY style pizza joint, with great ingredients.. . LOVE the white pizza...and the crust is so good!  . . AND it's in the Cosmo, in Vegas, at SUPER affordable pricing.  You can't beat this.
SECRET PIZZA! I'm glad my friend showed me this place, because for suuuure I would've have been able to find it. It's a cute little pizza shop down a hall way on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan. They have a good selection of pizza, veggies, meats you name it. It's sooo good here. I think it's the best I've had since new york! I had the sundried tomatoes, pepperoncini, and green bell peppers. Their slices are huge, but with my HUGE appetite I had two slices and I was STUFFED! You need to visit this place! That is... if you can find it ;). . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?selected=aUEiGRhpkJD9VCiVsCViNw#0s9OEpePpWnwofyt5Z_K4Q
I still dream of this pizza..... . I could confidently say that this was the best slice of cheese pizza I have ever had. The crust is uh-mazing, crunchy yet soft. The sauce was yummy! I hear the white pizza is amazing, definitely going to try that next.. . The line is worth it, so stick it out! I had to listen to this drunk girl for 30 minutes blab on about how she didn't sleep with the entire hockey team, but it was all worth it in the end!
Drunk.. . Might puke.. . 4 a.m.. . Can't stand up straight.. . Prop against wall.. . This line is long.. . This is taking forever.. . Finally...I'm ordering.. . "Give me two pizzas...whatever.". . HOLY CRAP. $80. :(. . Waiting for pizza sucks.. . Get pizzas...stumble out.. . Innocent bystander - "Hey bro I'll buy a slice of pizza off of you for $10". . No.. . Sit down...eat pizza.... . F*&#! I burnt my mouth!. . Grease, on my new Vegas shirt. :\. . Oh well.... . ...SO WORTH IT.
Womp..... OF COURSE THIS PLACE GETS 5 STARS.. . Trust me, I wanted to break the best-pizza-ever-i-promise streak!!!! But... its THE BEST PIZZA EVER, I PROMISE! I lived in the New Jersey/New York area for quite some time so I've tried pizzas from Hoboken to Brooklyn. Let me tell you, this pizza can DEFINITELY compare. I swear there's something in their water. Their crust made me jizz my pants. . . If there's a line.. just WAIT. Please experience this ride for yourself.. . Takes your pizza dreams where they've never gone before. . . Also, they offer hipster beers (pbr, etc) for cheaps!. . Can't wait for another marquee/secret pizza night in VLV.
definitely one of my favorite pizza spots ever! and it tastes even better when you are drunk borderline blacked out-- the line may be intimidating... but trust me it's worth it!
This pizza joint is down an unassuming hallway close to the Marquee Nightclub. After a night of drinking, this is definitely a place to go. I don't think you can go wrong with any pizza here especially if you are buzz. The pizza costs $5 per slice and it's worth it!. . There were plenty of seating and  a big lounge area outside of the parlor. If Marquee is not popping, the wait is minimal and you can feel a bit more relax while scarfing down the slices. If it is, be ready to wait a bit!. . There's no signage so look for a hallway covered with records!
"Belee dat"  I can officially confirm the hype.. . It should be Pizza Counter With No Name and not Secret Pizza... not important though.  . . It was fun tracking through the Cosmo with my swerve on trying to find this place.  It took about 45 minutes.. . We ordered the white pizza.  The crust is thin and holds up well when folded.   The crust was crispy on the bottom and had a slight chew to it.  The crust was perfect.  I would like a comforter made for my bed from this crust.. . The pizza was topped off with a perfect melody of garlic and ricotta.  . . If someone stole my car and left me 2 of these pizzas in the parking spot, I think I would be happy.  . . Later that night I dreamed I was in bed with Selma Hyeck.  She was wearing a white tank top with no bra and my boxer shorts. We were watching Married With Children laughing having a good time.  I was eating a whole white pizza from this Pizza Place With No Name.  She reached inside the pizza box and tried to grab a piece.  I quickly moved the box from her reach and said "My Pizza."  Then I kicked Selma out of bed, and said "go sleep on the couch CRAZY!"  She apologized and slept at the foot of the bed.. . In reality, this place gets a lot of attention because most pizza joints in this town suck!  With that being said, The Best Pizza in Las Vegas.
Long time eater, first time reviewer. This no-name pizza joint has some of the best pizza I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Excellent grab and go dining option at Cosmo. My number one tip would be to get the white pizza. I know, i know... it doesn't have any meat on it. Thats okay. It is, IMHO, better than any of the meat pizzas served up here. Great option to soak up the alcohol after a night of clubbing at Marquee. Very limited seating, but you can just grab a slice and head outside to the communal area to play pool. Late night eaters can sit along the Jaleo's patio seats, since the restaurant is closed.
What the hell, what kind of a secret pizza place is this at 3AM in the morning with a line going out the door. This place is not a secret by any means, but it's damn good. . . Thin and large slices of NY styled pizza that taste like heaven when you're drunk and hungry near Cosmo. Katie B. took the words right out of my mouth because the best part of this place is watching and talking to the inebriated individuals that have no clue what they're saying while bumping into you left and right. Entertaining? I think so. I seriously think having such a narrow and long hallway for waiting in line isn't because they want people to feel claustrophobic, it's because they want to make it easy for the confused drunk people to stand in line. Don't expect to eat inside, there are like four chairs and people standing everywhere waiting for their pizza. We tried the white pizza with ricotta and the peppers pizza. Both were delicious, but I had to remove the layer of oil sitting on the pizza. Come here for a good time and satisfy your pizza cravings while you're at it!
Awesome pizza! Awesome people! I kind of wanted to take a star off for the price of the drinks, $4 for a red solo cup, but then it is free refills so I guess that's not bad.  Each slice was about $5.  I sampled the pepperoni and mushroom and the cheese garlic pizzas.  Both were really good.  The cheese garlic one was the best! So much flavor.  This place is worth the visit.
Good for NY style pizza after drinks.
I LOVE SECRET PIZZA. When it's delivered to me in the hotel room, when I have to stand in line, or especially when there's no line at all.. . Obviously, it's not so secret anymore & the price isn't exactly "inexpensive," but not much is expected when it's located in the Cosmopolitan in the middle of the Vegas strip. . . The white pizza is delicious, the mushroom olive pizza is delicious, and the pepperoni sausage pizza is delicious. A great greasy way to begin the night before drinking (to help with the getting too blacked out drunk) or to end the night (to soak up the alcohol!). . . Definitely gets a little bit used to finding this place though, located in between two restaurants through a skinny little hallway filled with frames of records. The place is your typical over the counter pizza place.. but better.
We lost a good one; Ms Winnie H...  Vanished, kaput, finito, so long wherever you may be.  Such good things never last where all traces have disappeared and have gone without merit.  Secrets are kept and reasons retained under lock and key.  Whatever it may be, I dedicate this one to thee.. . After seeing so many reviews of this worst kept Vegas secret, I finally ventured up two flights of escalators in the City of Sin, where whispers stay and never leave closed lips.  The Cosmopolitan hide-out comes to light as one ventures down a dingy hallway of framed magazine covers dimly lit by spotlight halogen lights (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#4bjZhYMwuBLPOZoW6DI9MA).  It's but a small 60'x60' room filled with a few pinball wizards and people patiently waiting for a slice of heavenly pie (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=o7wcJPIoRt13Dx7coGNEtw#o7wcJPIoRt13Dx7coGNEtw).  . . Behind the counter, workers pound and toss their gooey dough (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#lW79LoJSUg1RwIPrp_kAKw), making sliced triangles ranging from $4.50 on up based on 50 cents a topping.  For those with a more voracious appetite a pie be available with prices ranging from $25 to a deluxe of $35.00.  Pie additions cost $2.50 each.  Quite expensive, but not on my "Lost Wages" radar, as I wanted it by the slice and by the slice I did receive.  The toppings looked plain and just nominally adequate as they sit in their aluminum bins just waiting to be tossed sporadically on round pie pans laid with golden flour.  The prices of drinks are on par with private Taoish bars:  Sodas 4 bucks, IPAs 7 bucks.  Good Ol' PBR sewer agua a ghastly 5 bucks.. . We asked the chef what be best in his opinion.  Although we weren't really impressed with what was presented, we opted to go with his picks of white, deluxe, and veggie-tar-e-yan (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#VpTrXV0-B3IXvr2iCQiTtQ) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#ns2AT1cd63Rihd8BiVwDqw) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#Kh_DKlGnEKPQcgDBnzmw2g) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#yYP2x9gRAHoDEx9R5E_1dw).   . . Various choices to choose:. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#qCog__OGMqN2fhJxaHZx7w). (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#q3VPFuV-SQjXhIab6f_9aQ). . We paid and waited just as patiently as others, noticing everyone kept within their small cliques, or busily eying their mobiles (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#c9cbpz6hdIG_qINg5huokg).  The slices returned to the broiler and there they sat, until our names were called and then it begat!. . No idea if I be drunk or needed to be buzzin' to enjoy these hot tempting pie slices, but whatever it was, it really worked for me.  It was but a warm slice of heaven that was on par with some of the best I've put in my mouth without worrying about spitting up some hairball.  The crust was just crisp enough with the flexibility of NY-stylin' that wrapped around my hand.  Just enough grease and just enough cheese, the deluxe was nothing but 5-star tasting'.  We ate at the small alcove bar to take in and enjoy the happening surroundings.  I actually think the re-heating is probably the key to getting the crust texture just right.. . It was such a pleasure to finally unravel your secret, and while the surroundings are a bit crewed, as long as you're with friends or loved ones this place can satisfy any of your late night whims.  I will loyally keep the secret of this unnamed hallway as faithfully as a yelper should.  The last buck stops here (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA#acCBLsK2VB2JbX_v1-aylA)!
I love the white pizza.  Sooo good.  Ugh.  I want some now.  I am not at the Cosmo often...being an old Mom and all but when I am I always stop by and grab a slice or even a whole pie to take home.  I've also tried other varieties but always come back to good ole white.  It is just so good.  There is usually a line but it moves pretty quick.  I love the old school video games and checking out the album covers.  Def a great late night spot if your are in the Cosmo or anywhere near City Center.  I am guilty of parking at Cosmo just so I can grab some pizza on the way home.
Pizza is perfection. Finally some good pizza in Las Vegas. We went back two days in a row. By the way, a better deal is a whole pizza for $25. It takes forever to get one though.
We were coming in from a late night about 2:30 AM, and we were looking for food! We went to the second floor where the "restaurants" are, and we couldn't find anything. We decided to take a look on the third floor. Ran into the body guards for the Marquee, and they told us down this secret hallway and found this great pizza place.. . We were joking around calling it "Secret Pizza" because there is NO SIGN, and no name. Found it on yelp that it is actually called SECRET PIZZA! . . If you need food at 3 am, this is the place to find. 3rd floor. down a hallway that looks like an arcade. bam.
AAAaaaahhhhhmazing! Food on the strip is so expensive so one would expect that it would be delicious and that's not always the case. Secret pizza is one of the FEW exceptions! The white pizza is to die for! its so delicious and that really saying something since there's like a million pizza places on the strip. Its a bit pricey but sooooo totally worth it!
Las Vegas' worst kept secret!. . In a sea of overpriced food and tiny portions, it's nice to have a cheaper alternative that still tastes good! It's hard to beat $5/slice on the strip! $22 for the whole pie!. . You can find this pizza place inside The Cosmopolitan. There is no sign. There is no name. Just a hallway leading to a small room that serves some damn good pizza!. . This place really honors the New York style pizza. Thin crust at its finest! I usually don't like eating the crust at the end, but I couldn't get enough of it! There's just enough crust, but their crust is so flavorful. I could eat just a whole pie of that crust!. . Their white pizza is the best!! Three different kinds of cheese with no red sauce. Sooooo good! It's like the best cheesy bread you'll ever have! I love the dollops of fresh ricotta that's on it. Their red sauce options are pretty good also, but the white pizza is the best!. . By the way, they're open ridiculously late! Totally awesome after a night of drinking at the club! Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this place until the last day of my trip, so I didn't get to taste how freakishly awesome their pizza must taste while drunk. . . There's a line here during peak hours! But the wait is toooootally worth it!
Hidden little gem in Cosmopolitan hotel! This place has no signs, and they do not advertise it. It's one of those... if you know about it type of thing. Funny thing is, I learned about Secret Pizza in an airplane, and knew I just had to try it for myself.  It's tucked away in a little hallway, full of people who just got done clubbing. I guess some can easily say it's drunk people food. Absolutely not!! I believe they do not advertise it because it is "Secret Pizza" after all.. I think this place would appeal more to the young adults. There are no actualtables, and just a little bar counter with a few stools and chairs... maybe five? There wasn't really a place to eat, and it would have been pretty awkward to eat there while the line of people stare at you because of the way it was arranged. I recommend getting take-out! Long line, but they do try to get you out of there as quickly as possible. The crust is extremely thin I assume so it can cook much quicker, some of the veggies are pre-cooked in advance, and the mushroom is sliced paper thin to reduce cooking time.. . I've eaten pizza from here at least 10 times, and I think it's safe to say it's my absolute favorite pizza joint! . . The pizza is delicious! I think it's one of the best one's I've ever had. I still crave it...... WHYYYY do you have to be sooo far away!?!? Well I think only in vegas will I be willing to cough up $40ish for my pizza. Worth every penny though!! The slices are very big, and they are pretty generous with their toppings. I ate at almost every eatery/ restaurant in Cosmo, and I must say, this place was my favorite! I had to eat here twice, and still craved for more!! The menu is literately typed and printed on normal computer paper. The cover of the menu simply says "Pizza". . I ordered a Five Toppings "Pie"  $29.00 -18 inches, 10 slices. Each Additional topping was $2.25. Toppings. Pepperoni. Sliced Sausage - Yum!. Meatballs. Roasted Tomatoes. Fresh Garlic- Added a very nice touch. Green Peppers. Mushrooms-sliced so paper thin to reduce cook time..almost couldn't taste it! ):. Onions. Ricotta. . Overall, I can't wait to go back!! I would highly recommend this place, enjoy!!!
The name alone grew my curiosity.  Once I tried it, I thought, 'damn, I wish it were still a secret!'  Unfortunately, everyone and their mothers knows about Secret Pizza.  If you don't, then you need to go upstairs from Chandelier in the Cosmopolitan and look for the Vinyls.  . . Once you walk through the hallway lines with record covers, you'll see this little quaint slice of heaven.  The place always has a line, there's a few stools to sit on in the back and a few vintage arcade games for your pleasure.  What I really like is their wall of money by the paying station.  The top row is lines with $100 bills.  Bawlllerrrrr!  LOL.. . When it's your turn, choose the pizza they have and they'll reheat the already cooked slice.  Usually runs about 6-8 dollars depending on the type of pizza.  I was with a group of 4 peeps.  We all the Chicago style pizza square with sun-dried tomatoes on top with 4 PBR drafts.  Total came to about $50 which was a little steep, but soooo worth it!  The pizza was full of cheesy goodness and the bottom of the crust was super crispy.  Every bite was amazing and it really filled us up!  Beer was crisp and very cold.  Perfect Sunday meal.. . If you're smart enough to find this place, you deserve a slice of heaven.  That's my motto for this place.  If you need help though, just look for the pool table and you'll see the hall of records close by.  You're welcome in advance.
Best New York Style Pizza on the West Coast!  LOVE!!  So damn good.  Perfect amount of cheese, perfect amount of sauce and man those sausages!!  Damn it was good. . . The other great thing about this place is that everyone here (drunk or sober, young or old) are all really nice... I'm talking about the workers, the patrons... everyone was so happy and friendly.   . . This has now made it to the very top of my "MUST EAT" list every time I'm in Vegas.
This is a stop we have to go to every time we visit Vegas. Discovered this by word of mouth when the Cosmo first opened a few years ago. We found it easily the way a friend described it, and am always hesitant to invite others on this best kept secret. There has never been longer than a four person line every time we've come. The staff is always friendly and fast, even when we order full pizzas at a time, and the prices are reasonable! My girlfriend always gets the sausage pizza, and I get the pepperoni, and even though we agree it tastes the best late at night after a night on the town, it tastes just as good as a snack right when we arrive from Los Angeles for a fun weekend in Vegas! We hope this stays a secret so we won't ever have to wait in a long line, but would love for everyone to appreciate this delicious New York style pizza!
Drove 238 miles just to get my hands on this spectacular pie. . My last time here was Spring Break 2012. We found this place by accident. It's not clearly marked. As a matter of fact, it's just a nondescript hallway with a pinball machine at the other end. We noticed a few people walk in and out. Sometimes with a slice of pizza or without but smile on their face. . We were like, "What the hell?" Curiosity got the better of us and we ventured down that dim hallway which is covered with vinyl album covers.. Lo and behold, it's a pizza place!! White tiled walls. Marble counters to stand or sit on the very few stools. . Order by the slice ($5 and up) or a whole pie ($30+). Pabst Blue Ribbon beer is $5 a red Solo cup. IPA is $7. Only buy the soda if you are super thirsty: $4 a Solo cup. That's as bad as Disneyland, if not worse. Maybe that's a standard Strip price. . . This time, I got a White Pizza slice and hubby and I split a Cheese pie. . OMG the white pizza is sooooooooooo gooooooood! Yummy mozzarella and ricotta cheese on sauceless crust. . Then came the cheese pizza, hot out of the oven. Crispy, chewy crust with tangy tomato sauce and the perfect amount of mozz cheese. Yummy, gooey cheese. Heaven in a cardboard box. . Try it. You'll love it.
Yupp... no need for fancy stuff or tables... just order and go... after eating crumbs for $50/person the pizza definitely was worth it! Just enjoy life!
I was so lucky to stumble across this little gem! The pizza is really really good, one of the best on the west coast.
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas believe it or not. Crazy good pizza and good beer that is laid back and perfect if you want to eat and not make a whole ordeal out of it.
Food quality: 5/5. I think the New York style pizza is top notch! This pizza is especially amazing because its open really late. The cheese melts perfectly, the pepperoni are deliciously spiced, the crust is crispy but soft on the inside... Too many yum factors go into this pizza to describe!. . Customer service: 5/5. For the place being filled with a ton of overly drunk people, the staff is surprisingly patient and likes to describe the pizza if you ask. Also a shout out to the hotel staff for them helping my group and I find this place (it is really hidden with no sign). You have to be on the third floor near where marquee would be (by the center chandelier bar).. . Ambiance: 5/5. The place is hidden and down a long hallway but it opens up to a tiny 5 seater bar with a pizza bar where you watch them make the pizza and cut it up and serve it to you. Amazing! Also, it has an old arcade (I think it had two games, a pinball and an actual arcade game). Cool retro art littered the walls. I loved this place and it's definitely a new fave!. . Overall experience: 5/5
Yes, not the easiest place to find. That's because it's a secret. *Shhhh. . But not to worry! Just ask someone when you're in the Cosmo and you'll be sent on your way! This place is delicious. One bite of a slice and you are in heaven. Literally. Had the "White Pizza" but don't let that limit you! Try the other selections!
I found the secret pizza place! And it was delicious!
No need to describe the pie.  Just here to give a tip: Place a phone order and skip the line!
YUM!!! Their white pizza was sooooo GOOOD!  I wish I can order with a snap of my finger, and the pizza would be delivered to me immediately!. . Even between 3 sober girls, we couldn't finish a large pizza. We ended up having 1/4 left to take home. . . My only negative is that there not much sitting area--pretty much grab and go. We took our pizza out to the lobby to eat out in the open. Eh, is Vegas--we can do anything we want ;)
Love this place! Love the secretive ambiance and how its always a maze on getting here, especially when you're a bit intoxicated from the nearby clubs. It definitely hits the spot with their huge slices and interesting/classic ingredients. One slice will usually fill me but I take two just in case, their lines can get long and you don't want to wait through them twice! . . Don't plan on eating inside the restaurant, its quite tiny. However, right outside is a lounging area with pool tables and couch seating, so make yourself comfortable!
Ok, I didn't actually EAT here bcs it only has gluten- ous pizza (boo) but someday, when there is a cure... This is the pizza I'm going to eat. After planning a huge event at Cosmo, this is where I recommended people go and eat. Looks like traditional NY style pizza.
Good pie! Seems everyone's trying to re-invent and one-up something as awesome as "pizza". The idea at this restaurant is to keep it traditional and do it right. Mission accomplished! Cool end to my Vegas trip. Back to Cali and my spin class:),
I love this place! When you're wandering through the Cosmo, feeling broke as a joke after a night of gambling and/or partying, what a sight for sore eyes this place will be... once you find it, of course! Once you make your way through the narrow corridor lined with record covers, you'll approach what may be the most deliciously crispy pizza crust in all of Las Vegas!. . The prices are dirt cheap, the people are friendly, and they're open til 4am. How can I keep something so wondrous a secret???
Wowie! What's the secret? Finding it!. . This was one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten! Perfect crust, perfect amount of toppings and perfect gooey cheesy goodness! :) Also, it's refreshing to see a more laid back and casual place to eat in the ritzy Cosmopolitan Hotel in City Center. Feels normal.. . You have to find it to try it and you have to try it to see what everyone's talking about! GREAT stuff!
Delicious pizza and very friendly staff
I love you, Secret Pizza.. . We went on a Sunday for lunch and it was probably very different than 3am on a weekend.  We ordered Veggie, Meatball/Pepperoni, and White slices.. . I can't even comment on the other two as we were just dying over the White Pizza. We ordered it because we felt like we "should" since it was supposed to be the most popular. It was amazing...a bit oily, but full of garlic and cheese. Loved it.   Probably would be even better after a late night of drinking, but a meal right before driving home was pretty good too.. . Its a casual place. Sodas served in red solo cups (for $4...). The unmarked, unadvertised part of it is so fun. And if you've been to the Cosmopolitan before you'll be shocked to see where it is. We've sat there and people watched probably 2 or 3 times and never saw the hallway to the restaurant.
TOP 5 AFTER-THE-CLUB-MUNCHIES. . Cheap, Fast, Greasy, ad Delicious. What more can you ask for? I heard this place gets pretty packed around 3-4am when everyone is being kicked out of the club. I went at 2AM (I specifically left Marquee early, on a mission to eat this pizza) and there was no line.  There isn't must variety to choose from (3-4 kinds of pizza) but who care when you have the after-the-club-munchies? Not me! Pizza is Pizza - but this pizza is to die for! Must try!
The Cosmopolitan hotel is one of my favorite upscale spots to stay in Vegas. It seems as you walk through it everyone is dressed to the hilt in their finest Vegas outfit. Groups of women with their fancy skirts and guys over sprayed with cologne and funky shirts. You know the routine everyone is in Vegas Mode standing in line for the exclusive clubs like Club Marquee trying to bribe the doorman to let you and your friends in. If you give your brain a second to clear itself out you will notice people walking around with cheap paper plates and a huge slice of pizza. At first I didn't even notice but I kept seeing this. It was odd seeing people holding $20 drinks in one hand a slice of pizza on a cheap paper plate in the other hand. Finally, I asked the huge security guard bouncer dude what is that and he points towards a hallway that looks like a bathroom hallway in the mall. No sign and not even a clue whats down the hall I walk down this hallway and at the end a Secret Pizza place with a bunch of what looks like hand made pizzas being put in the giant oven! Suddenly I felt transported from Vegas to my old hole in the wall "The Pie" pizza parlor from college when I went to the University of Utah. It took me back I mean way back! I ordered a slice and a large Coke and I was smiling. Find it, eat it and smile! If you get lost ask the big guy outside.
Soooo worth the hunt! We got there about 10 min before they opened on sunday and so when we were looking for it the hallway was blocked off, which threw us off... But then we peaked behind the wall and saw the secret hallway! . . The directions from other yelpers was super helpful! Cosmo, 3rd floor, by the pool table and sushi place. one of the pizza makers peaked his head out and let us in right at 11am. . . The deliciousness could be smelled as we walked down the hallway... we were first in line, and within 5 min the place was pretty packed. my sister and I shared a cheese, pepperoni, white and meat lovers... All were amazing. I think the best though might have been the cheese. Flavor was great, greasy thin crust goodness. And I'm normally a deep dish girl. . . I brought 4 others with me and they all LOVED it. One actually got back in line for a third... And a canolli! normally I'm not a cannoli fan, but this one had super thick cream, almost a cheesecake consistency... Pretty good. But come for the pizza!. . Love this place! Will make it a vegas tradition from now on!
Pizza and cannoli--good, greasy pizza and perfectly sweet cannoli with a nice creamy filling. We had to search for this place...it's on the third floor down a hallway lined with old records. It's pretty no-nonsense and cheap in comparison to pretty much everything else nearby. I could tell the ingredients are high-quality as well--there were heirloom tomatoes in my salad and the dressing tasted homemade. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
The best pizza I eat in Vegas!!!!!
Lifesaver when your bosses are at the fancy Cosmo bar downstairs spending more money than your paycheck and you just want a few moments of cheesy, crusty goodness. NY-style, thin crust pie with nothing but flavor that will make you say "Holy Crap!". . Go there sober, go their drunk, just go there and enjoy this hidden but well-worth the hunt spot. . . PSSsssst: serving PBL beer LOL!
My friend told me about a secret pizza place I should definitely hit up while on vacation in Vegas, and am I glad I did.  The same night I arrived, my girlfriend and I decided to take a stroll in the Cosmopolitan hotel and went up to the third floor to search for the hallway my friend tipped me about.  Just as my friend mentioned, the smell of pizza overpowered my senses and everything looked delicious.  I decided to go with a slice of cheese and pepperoni while my girlfriend went with the white pizza with mushrooms.  Upon the first couple bites, the pizza was absolutely delicious.  The thing that really put me over was the crust.  The crust was perfectly crunchy and tasty.  I will have to say that this place takes my favorite small pizza spot back in Houston simply because of the crust.  Although it is a couple dollars more than the slices back home, I will consider this pretty cheap knowing that i would spend over $80 for my girlfriend and I had we ate in one of the restaurants next door.  For this, I will have to say this is the best pizza I have had, at least from a smaller/not-too-fancy pizzeria.  We went back to eat here the next night too! Go get you some!
Amazing! The white pizza took my breath away. Great hidden location in the Cosmo Hotel. Everything is fresh and made right in front of you.
I'm a huge pizza snob and this place is amazing. I had the both the veggie and pepperoni and peppers slices and my only regret was not having the entire rest of the pie to go with them. Totally worth the long line. If you're looking for authentic NY pizza, this stuff is the real deal.
Who knew?!?!? LOL It's this hidden hallway right upstairs from the Marquee Club in the Cosmopolitan.. . Right in the heart of vegas, there is this cool NYC style pizza place. Almost stools, no chairs or tables, straight up on the go style.  I spend the entire summer last year trying out all the "popular" pizza places. This place blows them out of the water. If you're getting a whole pie, probably will take 30 mins though. . . Forget Grimaldi's and Lombardi's. Come to Secret Pizza!
Bomb.com!
if you go upstairs and down an unmarked alleyway you'll find some of the best pizza in las vegas. . this place is really good but the problem is its not that consistent. . . its ok because it hit the spot both times i came here!. . i liked how this is a secret unmarked place . . the pizza is very well made. not too much sauce, just the right amount of cheese and thin crust!
Best Pizza in Vegas. And one of the best kept secrets in the city. Don't bother looking for a sign: there are none for this place. Just look for the vinyl record-lined hallway across from STK.
When I hear the word Marquee it automatically means PIZZA. Although I cant tell you how this place is like sober, I can 100% vouch for this place as one of the best places to eat after a night at marquee. There is no such thing as a slice. I must have the whole box. The only thing that sucks is the wait!
create something unique and i give you 5 stars.. . unique 5 star reason: $6 (one pizza slice) meal at the cosmopolitan casino.. . and the pizza is yummy! very oily/fatty, but that's why it's so yummy!
This place is too good to keep it a secret!! It is hidden on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, but just follow your nose and you'll find it. What makes Secret Pizza so good is the crust. It was a NY style thin crust, but it was so crispy and flaky, and not soggy at all. I wish I could have tried the Sicilian deep dish pizza, but they didn't have any cooked at the time. . . Next time I'm in Vegas I will absolutely be back!!
Hands down best pizza in Las Vegas and in my top 3 best pizza places of all time. Seek it out and eat it. I loved the plain cheese with garlic and onions..sprinkle on some oregano/garlic salt/crushed red and magic in your mouth. Bonus-they are open late...like really late 3am-5am ish depending on demand. March 2012 we stayed in the Cosmo and went exploring the 3rd floor for a snack. We would see people in random places enjoying (really enjoying) a slice of pizza. Something about h the pizza and the people eating it put us in the mood for a slice even though all the other places looked great as well. O.k....where is the pizza coming from? While looking for this pizza joint my eye caught a glimpse of a pin ball machine at the end of a hall and I wanted to check it out. Low and behold it was the pizza place. We got a couple slices and fell in love. I didn't see signage anywhere for a name but assumed it was too new for a name? Later that night we wanted to order a whole pie to bring to our room and couldn't find the place on the Cosmo TV directory. I said "Its like its secret or something"...my hubby called the desk and asked them and he said "yeah it has no name..it sa secret..glad you found it" I think its a very cool and mysterious concept. Anyway he connected us to their phone and we ordered a whole pie for our room....we also each had one more slice as we were getting in the cab to go to the airport to fly back home. Anyway...go you will enjoy it :). . If I could give 4 1/2 I would only because none of their offerings (at-least they weren't yet) are organic and that's a bummer for me. However its vacation and I loosen up a bit.
Hidden in an alleyway in the Cosmopolitan is a tiny pizza kitchen that serves delicious New York Style Pizza. Part of what makes it so cool is discovering it, the other part is the damn good pizza. It's very high quality- the crust is thin and delightful and the cheese has the perfect oozey-ness that makes it delicious. A large pie with 6 slices will run $30- and each topping is $5. Good deal for Vegas if you split with friends or just buy your own slice!
Great pizza after Fat Tuesday & Haze. I ordered the combination - very tasty & crust was perfect. I should've eaten there again before I left Vegas! Will definitely get a whole one next time...
The place to go for a midnight snack!
You've gotta find this place! It's some solid pizza! Came here my first night in Vegas after playing some Sigma Derby (side note: if you don't know what that is, you need to find it in the MGM Grand... it's a really fun quarter game that those of us youngsters who visit Tahoe always love to play for hours at Montbleau... old school horse racing at its simplest!) I ordered the white pizza because of all of the reviews I read about it on Yelp and bf ordered pepperoni and sausage. Both are really great! Of course it's fun that it's kind of a secret although the line would say that it was not that secret at all!
closest thing to a New York pizza! just the plain pepperoni was delicious!!
yay best place to get some awesome tasty pizza and cheap ! while gambling in the cosmopolitan  ! love this place!
I love this little pizza spot! ^_^ I always stop by here after Marquee or when I'm in the strip area and just want a quick bite to eat. The pizza is great and I love the fact that it is hidden. This is pretty much a stop-and-eat place in its own corner. Has a neighborhood feel.
Cheapest, and by far the best food we ate in Vegas this past weekend!  I now have my first "must stop" in Vegas!  I will definitely make a point to stop here any time I'm in Vegas.  We ordered 4 pieces (Pepperoni and Sausage Ricotta). Perfection!
Amazing Pizza!!!. . With out a doubt the best pizza place in all LV!!
Spend 4 days in Vegas and had dinner here twice, this has got to be the best pizza place i've ever been to in Las Vegas, and that's cus i dont eat gluten. Their white pizza, yes its a bit greasy, but its to die for! Totally recommend this place!!
This not-so-secret-pizza place is great. It is a no frills place to grab a slice of pizza. It was delicious and inexpensive. It is thin crust NY style pizza.  They have regular, white and a thick crust Sicilian pizza.  We try to make it by here every time we visit.
Secret Pizza is by far, the best after hours pizza I've ever had. . . Find this hidden gem by walking through a little "alley" to the left of Jaleo.. . If you're headed here right after Kaskade, you're going to have to wait in line for the longest time ever. Deal with it because it's so worth it, I promise. . . Oh, and ladies, while waiting in line please keep your heels on. Thanks.. . Instead of ordering a whole pizza (which takes some time to make), ask for a box and get an assortment of slices, it all tastes the same by this time anyway.. . My favorite is the all meat pizza (apparently, I'm a vegetarian only up until 4am and champagne wasted) - topped with gyro meat, it doesn't feed the drunk much better than this!. . Note: if the sign says "NO RANCH," there really is no ranch. So sad for all of you ranch dippers, I know. Someone would make bank opening up a Hidden Valley Ranch stand outside of the hallway.
Love Love Loooooooooove their pizza! Veggie and plain cheese are my favorites~
Best pizza, i've ever had!!  We waited in line for almost an hour and it was well worth it!!  I will DEF be coming back!!!  I had white pizza and a slice of pep, both were delish!
WHITE PIZZA. What could be a better treat after a really drunk night at Marquee. . It's so hard to explain why this greasy plain cheese pizza is so good but it is and you have to try it for yourself.
Definitely worth the adventure of finding this place!  Look for the wall of records in the Cosmopolitan hotel.
Secret pizza, well my second visit to this place and yes, in a way it is a secret because there's no sign leading to this joint. It's located on the third floor of the cosmopolitan, after the escalator, it's next to a glass revolving door. You'll see people walking into this hallway and BAM there it is, the pizza joint, a delicious creation whether you're buying for one or a group. It's worth your money! They have some premade that you can purchase by the slice such as cheese, mushroom, pepperoni, sausage, white and even a mixture. Either one, you'll enjoy the pizza, even after 30min :)
What's better than overindulging in an awfully greasy and seriously overpriced allegedly NY-style slice after a night out or just on arandom afternoon??? Lol.. . I'm not a pizza person, yet I keep coming back for more, the slices here are that good. Plain, white, mushrooms - I want them all. I suspect they might secretly add a mysterious addictive substance to the dough to cause such a craze but I don't really mind... 'Cause I'll be back.
Wow! This pizza is the real deal NY style and a not to miss place to grab a bite. I tried several slices and really like the cheese only the best. The white had a little too much garlic for me but my friend had a second piece of it. This brings me back to the best pizzas in NYC.
I LOVE pizza! And I LOVE THEIR pizza. Even while not in an inebriated state, it tastes pretty darn good. We were staying at Vdara and wandered over in search of this "secret" pizza place. Just look for all the people standing outside eating a slice. Or follow your nose. Not really much of a secret anymore, just might be a challenge to find. Just look for the decorated hallway with the bright light and smells at the end. :D We got a whole pizza to share (and snack on the way home) and a salad. Decently priced for the amount of food we got. Definitely recommend.
I have been hearing about this place for months from all my friends who have visited Vegas recently.  They all talk about Secret Pizza. It is a no name advertisement little pizza establishment in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino they all say.. . Well being when I stayed in the Cosmo for two night, I had Secret Pizza 4 times within 48 hours.  Maybe it was the dough or the awesome staff which kept me coming back but I was sold on the first bite.  I love NY style pizza and all the way in the desert thousands of miles from NY, NY, come a slice secretly made with imported NY water.. . Try the white slice and tipping big helps you skip through the line.. . dp
I was lucky enough to find this place when there was no line. The pizza is crisp and delicious. I couldn't have thought of a better way to end my night. You'll find this place on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan at the end of a hallway that has old albums plastered on the wall. It's very close to the exit of the Marquee nightclub (genius, isn't it?).
Someone told us (my boyfriend and I) to find the Secret Pizza joint at the Cosmopolitan, and that we would LOVE it. And, after 30 minutes of searching for this place, we feel in LOVE with this place! (the alcohol might have helped) . . I encourage everyone to adventure/trek/ search for this place. And when you find the place, order the White Pie Pizza - it's to die for!! Yummy yummy in my tummy. We also suggested this "pizza place" to our friend's parents who are of Sicilian decent, and they stated that the white pie pizza reminds them of their family made pizza from Sicily.
Love love love me some Secret Pizza! Crispy crust, melty cheese, and such flavorful sauce! It is well worth the effort to find Secret Pizza! Can't wait to go back again!
BEST pizza iv ever had. hard to find in cosmo, no entrance sign or anything, i asked the guy working there and he said this place doesnt even have a name haha. but its SOO good !. definitely recommend this place!
Amazing pizza place. Hard to find but totally worth the wait and limited seating. Heard about this place from my friend who lives in Vegas and I ended up stopping by three times in two days. The most amazing pepperoni pizza I've ever had. The white pizza was to die for and the Sicilian pizza was super filling but wonderful!
This place is New York style thin crust pizza. We got 4 pies - pepperoni, veggie, white garlic, and plain cheese and they all rocked our world! Highly recommended!!!
I love Secret Pizza...sober or not, it is pretty darn delicious!. . I have been to Secret Pizza at all times of the day and there is always a huge line (30 to an hour wait).  That is the only downfall.  I love the white spinach or sausage pizza.  It is open till 5 a.m. and I have made a trek here after clubbing in heels all night, just for my fix of pizza!
This place isn't that secret.  Get up to the 3rd floor, its right off the escalator with all the music blasting and vinyls on the wall.  . . I'm from New York and this is New York style pizza.  The slices are big and at $6 for a combo, hodge podge slice with a gazillion toppings-- they're New York style prices too.  The crust has that good crisp and chew, the toppings are fresh.  . . After a long night... I dont' want to wait for a table at Cafe Vettro or whatever.  I want a frickin slice and Secret Pizza hits the spot every time.
This place isn't much of a 'secret' thanks to Yelp. I'm glad for that because we were able to find this little pizza place on our first night in Vegas. Delicious pizza! Totally worth the wait.. Thanks Yelpers for the pics, because we were able to find it!
This pizza was so good. The sausage was spicy and the crust was so crispy. Omg. But in also kinda drunk so... But still if was really good.
Not really a secret...its clearly marked on the hotel property map - 3rd Floor, unmarked hallway with vinyl's on the wall.  Maybe if you're not a guest of the hotel its more of a secret ;)   Depending on what time you go, the line can be lengthy but it seems to move quickly.  Counter style ordering; very few seats inside, several pies to choose from (either full pie or slice).  Even PBR on draft!  Once you pick your flavor, the slice gets sent back in the oven for a few minutes... comes to you warm, crunchy and just delicious!  Pay the man and then either find a seat inside (unlikely) or take your slice outside into the main hotel area.   Along the back wall you can find hot pepper flakes and Parmesan to top your slice off - yum!. . The pizza was thin crunchy crust just how I like it and had good flavor!   I was happy to try this spot, even if it was a late night snack!
Hidden within the coolest hotel in Vegas, the Cosmo. This place is just plain cool. No signs, no advertising, just word of mouth. 5.50 for pizza in Vegas. And open until 5am.  . . . Spoiler alert.. 3rd floor
If you can find this place it is great, but the wait is very long and the slices a bit high prices.
Will, Hector make a great pizza. Nice casual environment to enjoy a $5 pizza.  Buried on third floor of the Cosmo hotel surrounded by $$$ restaurant.  A definite "gotta go" for a excellent slice of real NY pizza
I try not to give very many places five stars but i love hole in the wall places like this. Although, like several other people have said, it is not necessarily a secret due to its location being easily accessible, I love the fact there is no advertisement for it, and finding it is kind of an adventure on its own. Besides all this, the pizza is honestly some of the best I've tasted. It really feels like I'm eating some authentic New York style pizza. Lastly, I love that it is open until i believe 4am, that way after I am done going out with friends we can always catch a slice before we head home!
Not really a secret, but it's the best pizza for the best price. The slices are huge, but I managed to eat two (pepperoni and white pizza). The white pizza has ricotta and lots of garlic. It was rice, but so so good. Also, they serve beer in red dixie cups. College! Not a whole lot of standing room, but you can take your pizza to the fancy couches and chairs in the lobbies directly outside. I'm a fan.
Best pizza I've ever eat.. I read about the long waits but in my experience I didn't wait more than five minutes on a 4th of july for lunch.. There is not enough space for a group of five inside. If you don't see the pizza you like, ask for it, they will make it fast.. If you gonna eat more than 2 slices, buy the whole pizza instead.. My favorite : salami, sausage and tomatoes.
How about dat dough?! Wow, watching them do work on the pizza dough was impressive, which made the pizza really impressive! The pizza chefs are pretty legit there.. . There was not a long line (just about 5 people in front) when I went (around 7:30PM). A friend of mine recommends me the place cause she knows what Vegas is all about! It took a long time to make the whole pizza pie for 3 people to share though (35 mins), but it was definitely worth the wait. Waiting was not so hard, it's good to walk around and do something else around (gamble). ;) . . The pepperoni and meatball are delicious toppings, and the center of the pizza was magnificent. That first bite has the perfect ratio of tomato sauce and cheese, then as you eat towards the crust more cheese! The dough was so good that I ate everything! I normally don't eat the crust but it was really that good to me. . . I'm not a huge critic on pizza like I don't really pay so close of attention to how they make it, but I have eaten pizza around NYC like Grimaldi's and Lombardi's. I have a bigger heart for this place. :)
They have 4-5 types of pizza and all are delicious.. . Even the plain cheese slice is AMAZING!. . try the white slice.. . the boys at the counter are always quick and friendly. . nom nom nom nom. . fyi the secrets out :)
The pizza was tender and delicious.   It just melts in your mouth.  I love round table's king arthur, but this pizza just melts in your mouth.  I devoured my slice in a flash.  My brother and I then bought a large and devoured that as well.  Pizza lovers have to come here.  It is on the expensive side for a slice of pizza, but overall is an amazing experience.
Love this place!  It's a definite must every time i'm in vegas!  I always get the whole pie, half white sauce and half red sauce with sausage. Simple but amazing!  . . My tips: Takes about 30 minutes or so for a whole pie, so don't come starving!
Always amazing!!! One slice of veggie pizza really hits the spot for me! It was super delicious and the service here is always nice and fun!
Hidden in a tiny hallway in the Cosmopolitan. We stop by here every time we go to Vegas, and they never disappoint. Staff is always friendly and are genuinely happy to see you. Make sure you order by the pie instead of by the slice and it'll save you and your friends some money. The guy at the register told me the wait for a freshly cooked pizza was 45 min, but it came out in 20. Even remembered me by my name. We ordered a pepperoni pizza and it tasted great! Definitely coming back the next time I'm in Vegas!
Not sure if it's truly a secret being popular on yelp, but glad I was let in on it. Absolutely loved this stop on my tour of the Cosmo. . Food: 5, Atmosphere: 4, Service: 4. Cost to worth it rating: 3. Return worthiness : yes!. Eve award: one of the best slices I've had. . Highlights:. - Pizza: amazing. Perfect chewy yet crispy crust, fresh tomato sauce, and tasty toppings. I'm gonna go out and say it's one of my favorite ever and one of the best things I ate on this trip. It's so good, I can't do it justice in the description.. - Toppings: stoked they had meatball and ricotta. Thinly sliced huge circles of meat were fantastic . - Open late: we went at 3am on a Sunday . - Atmosphere: small spot you get to in a long hallway with a few pies out for slices and pinball machines.. . Lowlights: . - Wasn't in the hotel we were in and didn't discover it until our last night there so only had it once :-/. . Loved this pizza and can't wait to have it again!
No matter where you are in Las Vegas, this is one of the best Pizza places there is! Whether your drunk or sober, the pizza is a treat! Be mindful of what time you show up here tho, FRIDAY and SATURDAY nights the line can be out the door and down the hall, but still worth the wait! Their white pizza is a must and their meatball on any pizza is a must! Love this place!
How is this place a secret? You can't findit, that's how!. . LOCATION. Inside the Cosmopolitan, 3rd floor, in the circle of food, in a small narrow alleyway that looks like an entrance to the bathroom. There's always a line of people looking really drunk or bored. . . WHITE PIZZA. is awesomeeeeee. We got our pizza half white, half margarita. We devoured two slices before leaving the Cosmo. The white cheese is a ricotta I think...and it's scrumptious, especially when you're drunk. . . PEPPERONI. just as yummy....but I like the white a little better. TIP: get half and half. . . PRICES. are steep, of course. At $18 a pizza, it better be effing awesome, all the time. And it is.. . TRICK TO NOT WAITING IN LINE. I'm not telling. Stand in line. =)
This is the best kept secret, that's not really a secret, in Vegas. It might be more appropriate to call it the pizza place with no name, because the secret is not one anymore.. . It is kind of hidden, but everyone knows about it. I am from NYC, so I consider myself a good judge of pizza. I have been to some of the best spots in NYC too. I never thought I would find a place in the states, outside of NYC, that I would put in my top 10. This place just cracked my list.. . It was so good. The crust, sauce, and mozzarella were all perfect. For pizza lovers, this is a must stop while in Vegas.
3rd floor by the pool table!. its soooo good.. pepperoni and sausage. Hands down best deal in Vegas!. And outside from Italy, best pizza in US.
Really cool that you can find some reasonably priced pizza tucked into this massive hotel. When you just get tired of paying for expensive meals, this is a nice change. I think the secret is out.
Legit pizza!
This was our best food find in Vegas to date! My friend and I were starving at 2am and not up for a mediocre buffet. Yelp recommended  this place. The directions were confusing so we called and  the friendly staff told us they were in The Cosmopolitan on the 3rd floor.  Upon reaching the 3rd floor no signs could be found at all. A nice dressed hotel attendant recognized we were lost and flagged us over. We said Pizza? He directed us to a small hallway and said "it's a secret" with a smile,  The line was long filled with lots of young dressed to Party.  We were tired  and debating if we wanted to wait the 30 min. The young couple in front of us said we should as it was there 2nd time back and it was worth it. So glad we stayed. The white pizza was amazing and the crust perfect. We came back again today and are taking a whole pie home. The price is reasonable, the  staff is super friendly at all hours of the day and the quality is superb! Thank you Yelp
GOD, SECRET PIZZA ALWAYS HITS THE SPOT. From the very first time I stumbled upon this "secret" place to every time I've been to vegas after, this pizza spot ALWAYS delivers. . . During my last vegas trip, I discovered the magic of CALLING AHEAD!!! Yes you can use any house phone and have the operator connect you to this pizza joint to order your delicious pie. All you have to do is called 35-45mins before you anticipate eating (say....call 35mins before you leave the dayclub or while you are winning big money @ the tables) and VOI-LA....you have FRESH pizza for your drunkchies. . . As for which pie to order, cant go wrong with pepperoni but veterans know that the WHITE PIZZA at Secret Pizza is THE BEST!! Mozzarella, ricotta, garlic, drizzled with olive oil with NO sauce!! Thin, CRISPY and DELICIOUS!!!!!!
So good. Rivals Bronx Pizza in Hillcrest. This one tastes even better thanks to the late night cognac at the gambling tables. Don't forget the canolis.
Well now I know why this place is called Secret Pizza....it is truly a hidden gem! But it was sooo worth it! Order the WHITE PIZZA!!!!! Seriously it was the best pizza I have ever eaten...and not because I was drunk :) it is worth the wait. Take it back to your hotel room and just enjoy!
Super cool guys!! Perfect hangover food!!. . I love when the bottom of the pie is crispy but not burnt. Delish!!
WHITE PIZZA. They don't have it? Order it and WAIT. There's no meat on it??? Wuttttt?? Well, IT DOESN'T MATTER. I'm a carnivore, but man... I have dreams about that white pizza. No... not CHEESE pizza... WHITE PIZZA.
I gotta admit, this is one of the best slices of pizza I've had. Ordered a single slice of their supreme and all the flavors were on point. Crust was perfect in taste and texture. Had the right amount of grease (it was there, but not running down my arms).. . Disclaimer: I'm a California guy and have never had NY pizza.
Omigod, Secret Pizza.  I knew about this place through Yelp, and added to the "must-dos" for our trip last weekend.  Little did I know it really was a must-do, as the "fine dining' dinner we paid $200 for right next door left us hungry.  But, Secret Pizza was still really, really, really good pizza.. . Okay, I think it's, what, $4-$5 for a slice of pizza.  So what?  Order a whole one for under $30 and you can split it with your friends and get the most of your money.. . Their crust is SO GOOD.  Thinking about it now makes we want to go back, immediately.  If anyone here knows of a place in Los Angeles that has pizza similar to what Secret Pizza has going on, let me know!!!!!. . No wait at around 10pm on a Saturday night.
My favorite pizza in Vegas! The bad thing is I never stay at The Cosmo. So accessibility is a downer. It's kinda a hike to get to this joint, but if you've never been... It's worth it.
Easy to find, 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, close to Marquee, take a right from the escalator, look for the hallway with the vintage records and you've found secret pizza! Worth the wait! The pizza was so damn tasty and light, I got the supreme. Usually dairy and I aren't friends but this didn't cause any problems. The crust was the perfect texture and it wasn't drowned in cheese and grease. People kept asking where we got the pizza and while I didn't wanna share my secret the telltale line gave it away :) it's the perfect late night snack and I wanted to ppl to like me so I pointed them in the right direction and said 'you're welcome'. Definitely gonna go back.
I stayed at the Cosmopolitan and I hit up this place 2 of the 3 nights I was in Vegas.  My only regret is not going 3 for 3.  The pizza here is sooooo good!  I tried a classic slice of pepperoni and a slice of the pepperoni & sausage.  The pepperoni & sausage is the winner here.  Avoid this place past 2 am on Saturday night or you'll be in a long line with ratchets and haters.
Great NY style pizza.  Not the best pizza of this style that I've ever had . but in the top 3.   My hubby and kids loved it too.
Greasy, garlicky, cheesy, orgasm in your mouth is how I can best describe the delicious white sauce pizza from Secret Pizza!. . Although the place is not much of a secret anymore since everyone and their mamas could be found standing in the hour + line at 2am after clubbing at Marquee. It seems like the typical thing to do now if you ever find yourself during that time at the Cosmo. . . I had the pleasure of staying at the Cosmo for two nights and during the first night I came with my bf at 10pm with no lines and we only waited for about 15 minutes for our customized white pizzas that came fresh from the oven. But during the second night I came with Sidney T. after clubbing and the line was ridiculous! It stretched out into the lobby area! Also, since it took us an hour to even get to the front, we just opted for the pre-made pizza that's been sitting out and I have to say it was just not the same as ordering it and eating it fresh from the oven. I'd definitely recommend ordering it fresh and don't forget to add the oregano and chili flakes from the condiment counter for extra yumminess!
Good. Good Good. It's a landmark.
Man, oh, man. This is a hidden gem on the Vegas Strip. I found out about this place from a bellhop at a competing hotel - that's how I knew this place was gonna be good and not unreasonably priced! He told me that this place is so popular that the Aria made its own pizza place to compete, but it just can't compare. The place is cleverly hidden (almost like a speakeasy) and much more low key than the other the Vegas venues. I ordered the ricotta with sundried tomatoes and my boyfriend got the sausage and peppercini. The toppings are robust and the dough is amazing - full and crispy! It was just delicious from the tip to the crust. Moreover, the guy behind the counter is super friendly, and served our slices within minutes. He also didn't let me pay when I was trying to pay for our meal - that's how you could tell he's a real gentleman! He also told us that this place is only known through word of mouth, and it really does live up to its reputation!. . There are also a couple of pinball machines, which make a nice touch to being just a pizzeria. Simple, inexpensive, friendly, fast, and delicious - they've ticked all my boxes! Also, beware - we've been told that the line goes out the door during the after-hours bar/club rush.
This is a great pizza joint. The best pizza ever? No, my heart belongs to Metro pizza and nobody can beat Metro. But this is absolutley the best pizza on the strip. It's just kinda perfect. Cosmo is my favorite strip casino and this place is the perfect place to start the night or end the night. Be careful if you choose to end your night there...there tends to be alot of drunken club-goers...which is great for people watching...most of the girls are a mess...they're either drunk, or acting drunk, shoes are off, hair is a mess, makeup all smudged and the spanx has given up! It's small and it's located at the end of a long hallway, so if it's busy and the line extends into that long hallway and it's full of those drunkin club folks, don't be surprised if someone vomits. Now that Those Guys Pies has opened in Summerlin, I do not have to trek to the strip for this pizza. Easily the best white pizza ever--definitely can't keep this place a secret.
White pizza is SOOO GOOOD. Sicilian was bomb too. I am in love with this hidden gem. VERY RECOMMENDED when coming to Vegas. It won't disappoint!
LOVE LOVE LOVE Secret Pizza, you just never know what you are going to get. Finding this place the first time was tough. Thanks to a fellow Yelper who posted a photo of the hallway lined with record covers. We passed it then saw a glimpse of the hallway. A must stop each and every time we are in Vegas. We have tried many different flavors including pepperoni, cheese, combo, pepperoni mushroom. They are all amazing. Combo is my favorite but i will take whatever they have ready. It feels like being in a secret society of pizza. We smile at fellow pizza eaters and watch as newbies struggle to find it. We have had people stop us and ask "Where did you get the pizza" and just point at the hallway. LOL
Walking down the narrow record album lined corridor leading to this unmarked location, I was magically transported to the pizza places of my youth growing up in NYC. If I was not surrounded by a casino/hotel I would swear I WAS at a NYC pizza joint. The dough was perfect! Crispy on the outside leading to a soft interior. The sauce hit all the right notes and the cheese was appropriately stringy. . Reasonably priced for Las Vegas. I could eat here every day.
There's zero line at lunch on a Monday. Not exactly tourist high time on The Strip but perfect for locals.
I will always remember Secret Pizza as the place where a prostitute stole my pizza. Well to be fair, it wasn't intentional. She was standing in line with her "John" right behind us and thought the slice they pushed out was hers instead of mine. She tried to offer to give it back to me, which was nice but I had to politely decline since I have no idea where her hand or mouth touching the pizza had recently been.. . Judging by the crazy long line, Secret Pizza is probably the worst kept secret in Vegas. The establishment is located on the third floor and has anobscure entrance right in between 2 restaurants. It's not hard to spot because you just have to spot the crowd.. . The pizzas are good but don't take my word for it. I was pretty inebriated and extremely starved when I consumed my slice. I just remembered really enjoying my new slice of veggie pizza that was not touched by any ladies of the night. The guy at the counter even gave me one free slice extra of pepperoni since I had to wait longer for mine.. . If you want a whole pie, you can actually call it in and walk right up to the counter to pick it up. That should be handy if you're in a large group and are able to call in as you leave the club to head here.
Amazing pizza that's not so much of a secret anymore. The only problem is its not on any of the Cosmo maps. Head to the 3fl and look for the hallway full of vinyls.
Secret Pizza is a must try in Vegas!! Just amazing greasy loving goodness.
Shhh, it's a secret :D. Ok, so I went here after a local recommended it. AMAZING! I did stop by the gift shop and grab a Dogfish Ale on the way in- may have got me in a better mood.. Asked for the famed Sicilian and a meat lover, and a cannoli. The Sicilian was HUGE! There was so much cheese it made a huge tasty blob on my plate.. I meant to only eat a bit of everything-especially because I'm lactose intolerant-didn't care, I was in heaven! Many beautiful women admiring my selection- couldn't ask for a better meal in Vegas. The cannoli? I had just been in NYC, made it a point to visit Little Italy and find the 'Best Voted Cannoli'. This one blew it away.. . Fast forward to a couple days later (not 3am) I brought my Mom by to show her the amazing pizza that made every pizza I had previous to that day a disappointment. They threw a couple slices back in the oven to warm them up..... ...not the same. It was good, but not as good as fresh. I asked if they had anything fresh- they did. It was 'almost' fresh but much better than the over crispy crust of the reheated pizza.. . Pro-tip: Get the Sicilian, FRESH! Get the cannoli, even if you say you will eat half- you'll eat the whole thing, and try the house made pickled peppers. Just do it ;)
For lack of a better term. secret pizza a hidden gem. the line to grab a pizza was a long one but it was well worth the wait. the only problem that was with the pizza place was the prices were a little expensive but not too bad. I had the supreme pizza and slice was huge. I will definitely be going back to enjoy another pizza
You can never go wrong with a good slice of pizza. This place can't even be found easily, but it's pretty popular. I guess it's just living up to its name. . . When I first walked in, I wasn't blown away by their choices. But, the simpler the better right? Well for this place it definitely is.. . I got a piece of the white sauce pizza. I'm usually kind of grossed out by oily pizza, but this one was awesome. I was trying to eat slow to savor the pizza, but it was so good you just want to inhale it. Quite the predicament, huh?
This place is amazeballs for late night post-club-EDM-haze-oontz-oontz pizza.  I stop here for a slice before going to sleep every time I'm out in Vegas.  It probably helps that I stay at the cosmo but whatever.. . Grab a slice and go sit by STK and people watch...if you can remember what happened it's usually some pretty good people watching at that time of the early morning.. . Can we all agree that this place is great b/c you don't even want to know how much I would be spending on room service if this "secret" pizza place did not exist.. . I love you "secret" pizza place.
Great pizza, and super cheap. Just like New York. It's on the 3rd floor just straight and to the left once you get off the escalator and down the vinyl cover decorated hallway like other reviewers stated. We talked to the guys there about the myths that they import their water from Brooklyn and their Italian flour from Italy. They said, "no, it's just really good pizza with regular water and ingredients.". . Probably the best New York style pizza on the strip.
This was good pizza.  You have to work a little to find it.  But the wait isn't long and the pizza is top notch.
HANDS DOWN, BEST PIZZA IN TOWN! . . Especially after fun in the sun at a day club, this is a little piece of heaven in the middle of hell (sin city). . . Better to blow your money off here than on the tables - at least the tummy will be satisfied! . . LOVE this place! Every pizza so far is finger licking GREATNESS!
Pleasantly surprised to get this kind of pizza in Vegas - quintessential NY style. They didn't have any slices of the white pizza so many yelpers talk about, but they did have a meatball pizza that was amazing! By the time I was done eating it, I did see that a white pizza came out of the oven, and it did look great. Maybe next time!. . Easiest way to find it on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan is to look for the sushi place ... then look for a hallway just to the right of it as you face it. Follow it to pizza heaven!
LEGIT! Best pizza outside of NYC and I would say it rivals the pizza I have had at Grimaldis in Brooklyn and the pizza joints in Little Italy.  Who doesn't like a cold Coors Light or PBR in a red solo cup for $5?  The white pizza and the pepperoni are bomb!
Incredible pizza. You would never know it's here unless you're looking for it. White Pizza is all it's cracked up to be.
Can you say the BeSt PiZzA eVeR! . . If someone never told you about the secret pizza place you'd never know this place existed.  Luckily I came across a video on YouTube and had to give this place a shot. . . When you find this place it's very small inside. Maybe enough to seat 4 or 5 people. The pizza is excellent and surprisingly not many were here. . . Out of all the places we ate on our recent Vegas trip this was one of our favorite.
Pizza here is Sooo good! I felt like I was in Italy again! Glad it's somewhat a secret
Though my top most ideal eating experience is a cool new cafe with liberal new ideas and experimental food, this place is exactly the opposite and so freaking delicious. Within the busy experience of Vegas, this place offers a retreat back to a familiar ma and pa pizza shop near your normal hometown or New York (tho I've never been so I can't testify). It's a very humble place where you can grab a delicious slice or whole pizza for very reasonable prices for being in Vegas let alone in the heart of the strip. . . I had a slice of the Sicilian pizza which is this super thick, not even deep dish pizza because it's one of the thickest pizzas you may have seen. Tasting it, it has a lot of crunch to each bite but with consistent buttery dough inside. The complexity of the herbs and cheeses they use is what make it really special and definitely worthwhile to try. . . It's perfect for people partying out late because it's a quick place to get in and out, offering such a delicious guilty pleasure, while being open til 5am!  Amen!!!!!
Too bad this place is not a secret! . However it is a hidden gem at the cosmopolitan. The line looks long, but moves quick! . . I only had a chance to try the white cheese pizza. Wished I had room for pepperoni!. I believe it's cottage cheese on top of this pizza.. And I'm not a cottage cheese person at all! Nice thin crust. . . This is one my top 5 places for piazza!
When driving into Vegas at midnight, a 24 hour pizza place hidden in the very hotel you are staying at is a dream come true. We checked in and set out on our adventure. The reviews are correct, it's billiard adjacent and around the corner from the club. There are a couple counter spots, but if those are taken, you may just be using the pinball machine as a table. The Sicilian was spicy and delicious and hit the spot. There are many slices to choose from and the people are friendly and helpful. Thank you secret pizza!
Been here 3x in 3 different Vegas trips and not all times I was drunk. . . This place is Legit good! Located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmoplitan...in a little hallways with all kinds of cool displays on the wall (if you don't see it, look for a long line and just stand behind that line). . . . Crispy crust. Thin crust (the way I like it). Cheesy, gooey and oozing out of the pizza. Mushroom, White pizza and Cheese is winners. Line gets busy so be prepared to wait (call ahead for whole orders). Cheap. Just like NYC pizza (I've tried good pizza's in NYC). Workers are nice. Best to eat the pizza there otherwise it'll loose it's quality when walking back to your hotel/room
The not so "secret," pizza bar at the Cosmopolitan Las Vegas. Open until 5AM, this is the must stop place for a big slice of late night pizza. Prices are EXCELLENT for a large slice of heaven. Great pizzas by the slice, the perfect food after partying it up late night Las Vegas style. Careful, there can be a big line depending on what time you go. Check out the album art on the walls. Very cool. This will be my late night food stop whenever I am staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Are you kidding me? If you have not visited this place, you've missed out big time!!!!
When we got here there was a line, and we immediately thought... "LOL SECRET... Fail" but... low and behold, 15 minutes later, at 2:30AM, I one of the best pizza slices (if not the best) I've ever had! . . What is said about the WHITE PIZZA is right... the cheese was flavorful and bold, the dough was perfectly crisp and the crust, my favorite part, was extraordinary.. . I also purchased a slice of pepperoni and although the dough and crust were just as good as the white, the pepperoni and cheese was very normal on this slice.  If I did it again, it'd be an entire WHITE PIE... which FYI is $27.00 dollars.... lol, I know it's good but still that's a PRICEY pizza.  When your'e in Vegas though, who cares! $4.50 a slice is relative :). . Service was exceptional as well, the servers behind the counter handle the slices w/ care and are extremely accommodating and fast despite the acknowledged stress that comes with a large line.. . Get to know the people who are in line w/ you as you guys are about to embark on one modern Vegas Landmarks!!!
Heard about this place from a co-worker and decided to track it down during a trip to Vegas. You'll find the unmarked hallway in the back of the restaurant area on the third floor. Check down the hall and you'll see it's lined with old record album covers, finished with a pinball machine. Make your way down and the smell starts to put a smile on your face.. . Great recipe creations, I love pepperonis but decided to go for a sausage and pepperchinis slice, what an excellent decision. If I wasn't so lactose intolerant (thank you lactaid pills for allowing me to eat this slice of pizza) then I would have had another two or three pieces. I happened to run into my cousin on my Vegas trip and showed him the restaurant after he'd told me he'd never heard of it. . . If you're looking for a quick lunch or delicious late-night snack, look no further than Secret Pizza, you'll be thrilled to have an inexpensive, delicious meal
I don't know how much longer this place can be a "secret" because it is seriously good! We came here one late night from a friend's recommendation, whom we thought was trollingus the entire time, but it turned out that this place exists! The place was pretty packed. We waited for about 45 minutes to get our three whole pizza orders. They were sooooo worth the wait! They were NYC style pizza (we tried the Chicago one too but it wasn't that good). The slices were big and the cheese was oozing out of the pizza with every bite. It might be because we were hungry too but everyone in my group thought the pizzas were excellent! We'll definitely be back here on our next trip to Vegas!
If I could give more stars, I would! We were looking for a place to eat in Vegas, friends were craving pizza, so we Googled best pizza on Vegas strip. And we found Secret Pizza so we hurried our butts over to The Cosmo. The narrow hallway (Vegas narrow) in between 2 big restaurants was the dead give away. There were a lot of people in there but the line went super quick. I got the pepperoni, sausage and meatball pizza. I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED!!! No wonder people say it's the best pizza!!! It REALLY is the best pizza in Vegas. It's worth any amount of time you have to wait for it. If you get there right when they open, THATS the best time to go! It's so fresh and it tastes even more amazing!!! And, best of all, the price was right!!! Pizza ranges from $4-$8 for a slice!! We've decided we're going to eat there at least twice every time we come to Vegas! Great find and perfect for people on a budget in Vegas!!!! THANKS SECRET PIZZA!!!!
Coming from a college student, it's the best pizza ever. Literally. Ray is awesome. Go here, you won't be disappointed
it's a secret.  it's pizza.  it's right outside the club!
Of course with 1000+ reviews this place is not so secret. Nor is it very hard to locate when you have a line visible from the 3rd floor escalator. Get in that line cuz it moves fast and yummy pizza is waiting for you. I've tried the pepperoni and the white pizza with garlic, mozzarella and ricotta cheese. They have beer in red solo cups. And regardless of how busy they are, the server manages to be friendly and ask how you are doing. It's a tiny space with bar stools and three arcade games. Most people take their food to go.
It is not every day you can walk down a hallway and get a slice pizza.  This pizza place is in the 3rd floor of the cosmopolitan hotel.  There are not really any signs for this place.  But you can see all of the album records on the walls.  While it is a little pricey, but it is the well worth the price.  A slice of pizza is $6.00 or you can get a pie for $30.00.  Also they are open until 5am every day.  Wish this place was in Phoenix. It is my favorite pizza place in the US.  If you are in Vegas and are looking for a slice of pizza you should head over to the cosmopolitan hotel and get a slice for the Secret Pizza place.
I woke up the morning after this pepperoni pizza with a subtle hunt of garlic still lingering on my breath haha. Luckily my boyfriend had the same side effects! . . The pizza's solid, beer served in plastic cups, and VERY limited seating- perfect little hole in the wall pizza spot.
I don't go to Vegas and not hit up Secret Pizza. Yes there will be a wait, yes space is limited, I have no idea how much it costs considering  I just throw them money at 4am, and there may or may not be a missing pepper shaker that my friend stole one time... . . Cosmopolitan's best kept not-so-secret pizza. Can't wait for my next trip out there now...
My FAVORITE pizza place! It's a "secret" so just follow your nose, or ask a Cosmopolitan employee. The pizza place its down a hallway, and it doesn't have a sign. The pizza place is open late so it hits the spot after a night out. . . What makes this pizzeria unique is that you get to customize your slice and they bake it for you. I personally recommend the white pizza and remember to add the meatballs.
Down a narrow hallway, with old record albums, turn right at the pinball machine, you will find the best pizza in Las Vegas. This is NOT an exaggeration.. . We had this as lunch when we rolled into town. There was a small line but it moved rather fast. Only 4 options: cheese, pepperoni, mushroom and another specialty. I got cheeseand my friend got mushroom. The server warmed up our slices in the oven for us.. . I took my first bite and was blown away! Traditional NYC pizza. Simply marvelous.. . Yes pricey for a slice but priceless in terms of authenticity. Go now!
My husband and I found this place on yelp and because of the rating And hours, we gave it a shot. Secret Pizza is the BEST pizza we have ever had and my husband is pretty much a pizza critic. So delicious and next time we get to come in town, we will be back!!
good food for $5 bucks in Vegas??? No way.. and it really tastes like New York Style pizza... fast, easy and delicious...wouldn't have it any other way in Vegas.  :P
Seriously... This place is awesome! Every time I am in Vegas I have to come here. I can't stay away! There are so many other good restaurants around here but I just can't help it. My husband and I were in Vegas for only 2 days and we came here TWICE! What the hell do you guys put in this pizza!?!?? Crack? . Hell... It's even good the next day when it is cold. Stupid crack pizza.
Anything is good and delicious after a night of wild partying and dancing at Marquee Nightclub.. . But damn...just when I thought I lost some calories while dancing and letting my alter ego on a small dance floor with air and confetti blowing in my face, I probably just packed on 2x more calories I came in with..... oh you delicious hot pippin pepperoni pizza, I can't win with you.
The White Pizza hits the spot! One slice is good enough, but if you're with a big group then order a whole pie.. . Plop your tired feet down on the couches outside and people watch as you gobble down the greasy goodness. If you walk down the hallway to the right, there's a big open area that you can relax at as well.. . . . ... and that, my friends, is 100!
BOMBDOTCOM. Enough said.. . Located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, in front of the Marquee exit. My first bite of their white pizza was just... *BOOOOOM*. Unexplainable, chees-y, garlic-y goodness. The entrance, without any discernable signs, "could" be mistaken for a line to a bathroom. But you cant really miss the club-goers carrying out their whole pie or eating a slice as they lounge on the sofas. I mean.. come on. Hence, the lines/wait can get a bit long. . . Ever since my first experience, I cannot call it a night out in Vegas until I've had my Secret Pizza Fix.  I can hit up a club on the other freaking side of the strip and still take a taxi to the Cosmo to get a slice. It is safe to say I am HOOKED and hands-down my favorite pizza place in Vegas, or even LA for that matter. (suggestions for great neapolitan pizzas in the greater LA area are welcome!!!!). . FYI.. the other pizzas (cheese, pepperoni, etc.) are fine.. its just you will wish you had like.. 3 slices of the white pizza IMHO. . The Salad is pretty good too so.. if there are any vegetarians/someone on a diet in the group.. well there you go.. and OMFG WTF I cannot believe I forgot about the peppers. They have the best pickled peppers so you must ask them for some.. a little bit sweet, a little bit spicy, omy~ YUMMMMMMM. . I cannot wait to go back to Vegas!! Good thing there are a ton of Bachelorette parties coming up. :)
I haven't heard of this place until a few months ago. Of all the times I've been to Vegas, I can't believe I missed out on this "secret pizza". The place is really hidden but once you see the records on the wall then you are at the right spot. The place is small so space is limited. The pizza here is awesome !! The first bite of it will make you understand why this place is a secret. I ordered a slice of the sausage pizza and it was off the hook !!! I'm definitely coming back for my pizza cravings.
SO GOOD IT HURTS.. . I got the white pizza and it hit the spot! I love the thin crust and how cheesy it was. I was a little drunk so I can't really describe it. But it was so good that I ignored the random guy that hugged me and told me happy birthday. All I cared about was my pizza.
Believe the hype! I came here for the first time tonight after ice skating @ the rink and it was sooo good! We ordered 2 pieces of white, pepperoni & cheese for the kids, mushroom, tomato, and onion, and a supreme. All were so delicious and distinct tasting whereas sometimes, when I order from chain pizza places, everything tastes the same regardless of what you ordered. Total for 6 slices was $31.50. A bit pricey, but really really yummy. There's not much else I can add that hasn't already been written, but they did give my nephew a free slice of cheesecake because it was his 5th birthday. Woohoo!
Secret Pizza is one of the best slices of pizza I have ever had! I will admit, the allure of a hidden non-advertised pizza place already had me excited...but after a long Vegas evening, this place was truly magical. Try anything they have available or order something specific and you will Not be disappointed! Their white pie is garlic heaven, their red saucers par for any pizza course and all of their toppings were quite tasty. For people who like spicy food (New Mexicans like myself), I recommend their house made pepperoncini peppers! What a great place to stumble upon at 2 am.
Worth the find, super friendly, Super good, super thin New York style pizza! Highly recommended!
I am no big fan of "New York" style pizza but this place was very good. Like it says it is a little hard to find but not if you know where to go. It is not fancy, it doesn't have a huge menu, there are no fancy tables but it is just darn good pizza. There are a few stools at a counter you either sit or stand at. We will definitely go back and I would also recommend this place.
SOOOO I was sufficiently drunk by the time I got here. NY style is the ONLY style for pizza if you ask me. And secret pizza does a GREAT job of it.. . We just had a simple cheese slice but to my hazy memory, it was one perfect slice.
Best slice of pizza in Vegas!! The white pizza is amazing. It only gets better when they add sliced meatballs on there. $5.50 a slice you can't go wrong! Highly Recommended
Loved the pizza! Had a plain cheese and friend tried the meatball. They were both phenomenal!! Definitely will become my regular visit whenever I'm in Vegas!
Great service and still amazing white pizza .. after I moved away from Vegas haven't had it in over a year and half so as soon as I found out I had a two and half hr layover in Vegas.. hopped in a taxi and headed straight here ..   . . Called to ask if they had  white pizza and how long it would be to order a whole pie .. Joe answered was super nice and helpful .. told me to head there in twenty min or 35 for a whole pizza .. was worried about time since there was some traffic so opted for four slices.. got there in ten .. I luckily the pizza hadn't come out of the oven yet b.c there was quite a line .. paid for four slices $20 .. waited ten min .. inhaled a slice and they packaged three for me to go ... with transportation these four slices costed me $15 a piece .. but I still love this pizza and so worth it .. and I don't even like pizza . . Tried to find white pizza in Seattle .. pfft .. Costco pizza is their best pizza -.-
I was at the Aria hotel craving some pizza when I yelped to see what was around me. I'm so glad this place came up because it completely satisfied my 4am pizza craving. Pepperoni is pretty good, but I liked the white pizza the best. It was very garlic-y which I love. I love the stone grilling process because it always makes the best crunchy, flavorful crust. I went back the next day for more, it was so good.
