I've never stayed here because I'm not rich but this is far and away my favorite casino in Vegas to gamble at.. . First, the Encore is a beautiful building both inside and out.  Upon walking in you immeadiately feel classy and begin to walk with more swagger, because this place is just that baller.. . Next, they have the best staff in Vegas.  Dealers, cocktail waitresses, cashiers, bartenders, everyone treats you with the utmost respect and courtesy.  They treat you great even if you happen to be incredibly lit up, and since this is often my last stop after a night of raging in vegas (I often hit up the Wynn between the hours of 3am-7am), I am often quite wasted when I come through here.. . This place is also always crawling with beatiful women; early in the morning, late at night, and everytime in between, so you know that's a good thing.. . Finally, on my last Las Vegas adventure I won a bunch of money on one of their craps tables late night that made up for some losses I'd took earlier in the trip.. . I need to remember that the next time I'm in Vegas I should spend more time here, and less time everywhere else because the other casinos don't even compare to the Encore.
very helpful staff, great room service, amazing restaurants and nightclubs!. oh yeah and comfy beds!!
I would like to give this place a 4.6 - b/c I mean things can always be a little bit better - but since that's not an option, 5 it is!  Wynn & Encore have a special place in my heart - I immediately fell in love with the design and the beautiful chocolate color of the buildings the first time I saw it. . . As soon as we walked into the hotel I jumped onto the beds and screamed for joy as i looked out onto the beautiful strip.  I've stayed in some pretty bad hotels (think Imperial Palace), somewhat bad hotels (think Harrah's), somewhat okay hotels (think Treasure Island) but this was the best hotel experience ever.  They even have a desk for working/studying.  Fancy points!  . . One day while the rest of the girls went to go eat I stayed back and took a nice bubble bath, while watching TV in the bathroom and eating hot cheetos (ya I'm low class).  . . This place is super convenient because after clubbing at XS you don't  have to walk outside to get back to your hotel.  The only cons are that the minimums at the gambling tables are too high for my risk-averse self.  I honestly don't know if I can stay at any other hotel now after staying at Encore (except maybe Wynn I guess).
The Encore is the sister property connected to the Wynn via the Broadway Theater and a line of High End Designer Stores.  This is the old location of the Desert Inn and is directly across the street from the Las Vegas Fashion Mall (connect via bridge).  I was an invited guest for their VIP opening before the actual grand opening.. . This hotel whether people want to admit it or not is catered directly to the high roller Chinese whales.  The Casino is relatively small and the Baccarat and Pai Gow Poker Tables line the front of the floor.  The design is unique yet feels small.  Luxury is at a premium here and of course no expense has been spared.  The black and red carpets with Asian decor are a pretty good give-away at the target audience and the Crystal Dragon lining the Casino wall should re-enforce that idea.. . The standard rooms are divided by a rotating LCD TV placing the bed on one side and the living space (step down) on the other with a desk and couch.  Again the decor is black/white/red so as to appeal to the lucky color red and the art is modern with some Asian influences.  The suites afford much more room as expected and give you the feel of a luxury apartment minus the kitchen.. . The uniqueness is the placement of the pool.  This is influenced by the European/Asian style of having huge urns and plants surrounding the water hole and giving you the impression of privacy.  It is located right out side directly across from the registration area.  Beautifully decorated and magnificent with a lot of light from the open air.  It reminds me of Steve Wynn's old property of the Golden Nugget's placement of their pool surrounded by the hotel and glass walls.. . Again this is a 5 Star AAA 5 Diamond resort that really caters to the ultra rich and private.  There are private Bungalows just like the Wynn with private entrances and pools and are Asian Themed.  Some prefer the Encore, I actually prefer the Wynn but either way you should try one of these hotels at least once.
dude - its the freakin' Encore - its amazing!!!. . not a better place to stay in vegas in my opinion
Encore is our Vegas hotel of choice!!!. . We started staying here in December 2009 and have not stayed anywhere since!!!  . . First of all...the smell...delicious!!!  I love the smell so much that I bought their smell at their home store (Asian Rain).  Simply scrumptious!!!  . . Now for the rest....the place is beautiful and the rooms are HUGE, always clean, and very comfortable...love the tv in the bathroom!!!  The staff is very helpful and nice.  We have been to Vegas and stayed at the Encore before and NEVER left the Encore!!!  There is that much to do there!!!  There are all sorts of restaurants between the Encore and Wynn....all sorts of bars...gambling...2 of the best clubs in Vegas...shopping....spa, etc!!!. . We have converted many of our friends who frequent Vegas to the Encore...they, too, are now fans!!!
The Encore Hotel, part of the Wynn is a GREAT place to stay.. . Our original room was 2 queen beds, strip view, on the 19th floor (1924). The front desk agent had warned us that the nightclub might keep us awake if we were light sleepers. We didn't think it would be a problem and took the room anyway. Room 1924, the room we were given, is the room closest to the elevator.. . Even though it was a non-smoking floor the room smelled funny. My friend and I couldn't decide if it was a smoke smell or a burnt toast smell, but either way, not good.. . The room size for 2Q layout is the same as the 1K layout with the exception of the dividing wall. So essentially, all the furniture in the 2Q room is pushed up against one wall. There is a huge open space on the TV side of the room. I feel like the Queen room is a definite step down from the King room. It's almost like they knew they needed it, but didn't want to spend one second thinking about it. Go for the King room if at all possible.. . The view from the 19th floor wasn't that great. All I remember was the lights of the McDonald's sign.. . Because of the smell and everything else, we decided to wait for the bellman and move to the 15th floor. Our room, #1547 was at the end of the hallway, just down from the requisite ice machine. We never heard or saw anyone use the ice machine, so our proximity wasn't an issue.. . Our new view was the "mountain view." Just a few more hotels and a big church. Not too bad though. I didn't feel like we missed out on the view at all. Our room didn't smell which was more important to us.. Other people have mentioned the sensor-based accounting system for the fridge. You can pick an item up to look at it, but after 60 seconds you'll be charged for it. No big deal if you know about it. Our check-in guy was really good and told us about it.. . Our room, although on the other side of the building, did have some noise. We heard the people from the floor above or below us through the ventilation system. It wasn't really loud, just tinny sounding.. Next to the right side of the bed is the controller for the lights and drapes. There are small icons on each side of the button, so while you can just push the button, you may not get the desired outcome. For instance, if you're going to open the blinds, look for the button that looks like the open elevator door button. This is REALLY important for the lights. One wrong push of the button and your partner will be rudely awakened. The All Off button is really nice, when you go to bed, but pushing this button and then walking to the door can be hazardous to your health!. . If you're looking for plugs to recharge your phone, plug in the computer, etc. There aren't many. On at least one lamp there is a plug on the base of the bed-side lamps. The only other easily accessible plug is near the desk.  We had to move the sofa to get to the plug behind it. Strangely, there is a fax machine in the room.  . . The bathrooms are great, just like other luxury hotels in Vegas. The lighting is great! Some other hotels are too dark, this one was just right!  It even had a night light!. . Housekeeping was varied. On one hand, they were great. We called down for a lint roller and they were packaged so nicely when they were delivered we had to call and see if we were charged for them!  When they were delivered, we were out, so they left them on the bar. Afterwards, they called to make sure they were satisfactory. On the other hand, we used the iron and left it on the floor near the windows. They never put it away, which leads me to believe they never went to that side of the room. It sat there for 3 days, until we put it away.. . Now for the public areas: Overall the Encore is more modern than the Wynn. The primarily red color scheme is bright and cheery. The colorful butterflies are Asian inspired and not child-like at all. In short, inviting while still being elegant. . . The casino is nice, of course. It's not smoky, like other hotels. Minimums are higher than some places - what else would you expect?. . Thursday night we got in late and ate at Stratta (see my review for that).. . We ate at the buffet Sunday morning (I'll do a fully review at some point), but it was just good, not great. It had an amazing array of desserts.. . The sundries store is great and has most of what you need. I specifically needed things to keep me from continually stepping out of my shoes. They have those! I needed hair mousse - they had that too, but only in a gigantic bottle - they did have hair gel in a small bottle though. My only issue was that none of the sodas had a price on them.. . If you're staying in the hotel you get VIP access to the nightclubs - and the lines get really really long. I can't imagine any club that is that important to get into!. . Checkout lines get a bit long. Either grab yourself a champagne at the lobby bar, like I did, or do the express checkout!
Perhaps my new favorite hotel in Vegas.  It is a little far down the strip which is a minus, but that's what cabs were made for.  Service was excellent, rooms were gorgeous, prices were very comparable to nearby places.  The casino is very nice, laid back, connects to the Wynn as well.  The only downside I would say was the sportsbook, where service wasn't as friendly as some other books and you needed to wager over 300 individually for a drink coupon (my experience elsewhere was if you're wagering, drinks are free).  Besides that the hotel and casino are top notch
My friends and I make an annual visit to Las Vegas and usually stay at the Bellagio. Our last visit there, however, was less than enjoyable, so we decided to take advantage of an email special offer at Encore. We did realize that this particular hotel was at the far end of the action on the Strip, but we felt the price was too good to pass up and it included the buffet for two.  None of us had ever even stepped foot into either the Wynn or Encore, so we were very pleasantly surprised as soon as we walked in the front door. The front desk staff was extremely accommodating when we asked for adjoining rooms, and even though we got an extremely great price for our rooms, she upgraded us to suites with two queen beds instead of the king room we had reserved. Upon opening our door, we were astounded to see she had also given us rooms with an amazing view looking down The Strip. The room was well appointed, beautifully decorated, and the floor to ceiling, wall to wall windows left us breathless. Before we even unpacked, we turned the lights out and just sat looking out at the lights. The entire four days were fantastic. We were there mid-week, so the casino was pretty uncrowded, but we did find that the tables and machines didn't seem to be paying out much. The good part was we hardly noticed the smoke that you usually get in the Vegas casinos. The pools were closed for maintenance and the Beach Club was closed for the season, but they looked great from a distance. We all vowed to stay at The Encore whenever we go back to Las Vegas!
I wish I was ballerific enough to stay at this hotel every time I go to Vegas. If you're in the mood to splurge or celebrating a special occasion like a birthday--like I did!--then please do so at The Encore. . . A big group of us stayed in the Resort Queen Suite. Soooo spacious, so much more spacious than the Resort King Suite I hear. 2 queen beds, a roomy L-shaped sofa, floor to ceiling windows with drapes you control from your bed. So baller. I would also recommend prompt check in at the designated check in time, 3pm, to snag a room that's high up facing the strip. You can only do this at check in time. The chic but notpretentious decor was a great backdrop to our fabulous weekend. It's decorated like a stylish, boutique hotel but on a grand scale--it's Vegas afterall. The hotel is friggin' beautiful. . . What I loved most about this hotel was the attentive and uber friendly staff. A tray of yummy chocolates with a birthday card 'from The Encore front desk' was delivered to our room. Almost everything is personalized. When you turn on the TV, a greeting with your name appears. Your name's also on each room card. It's the little things that make you feel special. . . One last thing, the Wynn properties are in close proximity to a ton of great places. Clubs XS, Blush, Tryst and Surrender are all there. The Fashion Show Mall is right across the street; about a 5-10 minute walk. And another big, huge plus: 99 Ranch, Pho (best hangover food ever) and other cheap asian eateries are at this end of the strip, a 5 minute drive away.. . Stay here, it's AH-MAZING!!!!!
So far my favorite hotel in Vegas is Encore. The hotel and rooms are beautiful and great service.
Encore is the [black cannonball looking thing with a fuze on the top].  The rooms are terriffic (because they are all the same) and the staff is super friendly and helpful.. . Did you know?. - You can buy anything in the hotel... seriously*.  If you like the funky looking clock that's on your nightstand, you can buy it.  Like the little Buddha statue that's in the hallway by the elevator? You can buy it.  Like the glasses your martini was served in at the bar?  You can buy it.. *There is a store where you buy the items new, not used, silly.. . The pool was nice. *WARNING*  Little kids close your eyes!  There are actually two pools, one for kids (family) and one for adults (and unfortunately horny college kids on spring break).  The adult pool is "European" style meaning women can be topless and men can rock the banana hammock.  The pool did get very crowded early (1030am-ish) so don't wait until 3pm to show up or you'll be left standing around staring at some fake double-D's and plum smugglers.. . Keep in mind that this is the "boutique" part of Wynn so the casino may seem tame by Las Vegas standards.  If you want a rowdier crowd head over to Wynn's casino.. . We ate at 3 restaurants; Wazuzu, Bartollota, and SW Steakhouse.  I'll do a separate review for each one, but in short, they were all good.. . Make sure to get tickets to see Le Reve (how do I put a little upside-down "v" above the "e" in Reve?)  It was an awesome show.  Never have I been more amazed while watching bald, muscular albinos jump from 1000ft in the air into a glass of water.  It's insane!. . In short, Encore is just awesome.  We actually went to other hotels to eat dinner and see a few shows and I felt "dirty" just leaving Encore.  Definitely going back.
not being hardcore gamblers, drinkers and partiers (basically boring suburbanites bordering mid-life crisis soon), las vegas doesn't appeal to us so much, but we still decided to celebrate our birthdays in sin city. we scored a fabulous promotional deal from encore and took advantage of 3 night stay with complimentary tickets to le reve. . . encore is, without a doubt, one of the smallest yet the most luxurious hotels on the strip. it obviously is designed to target high rollers and couples (no strollers allowed) who are looking for more relaxed ambiance than the typical vegas scene. . . overall, we enjoyed our 3 night stay despite some minor personal dislikes. . . * casino . - the minute you enter the hotel, you are swept with "fake" flowery scents and brightly colored yet tastefully decorated casino floor . - you can actually see outside with views of the pool and garden through huge windows . - $0.01 slot machines and $10 tables with friendly dealers and pit boss . - great boutiques (chanel, rolex, hermes, louis vuitton, ferrari, etc.). take advantage of lower sales tax (at least for southern californians) . - $20 resort fee per night, per room for complimentary wi-fi and use of fitness center . . * room . - large suite with great layout. half wall acting as a tv stand (which swivels) separates the bedroom from livingroom . - contemporary and elegant with neutral color tones . - one easy and convenient remote access system for lights and drapes . - huge bathroom, but not enough functional space for more than 2 people (small tub, not enough electric outlets) . - not the best towels. in fact, they had that industrial laundry smell . - rooms with strip views get a lot of noise from clubs. mountain view rooms, on the other hand, are very quiet . - comfortable bed with soft satin sheets . - floor to ceiling mirrors on one entire wall...freakin' tacky! . . * fitness center (yes, i actually worked out) . - the most gorgeous lobby with beautiful chandeliers and sitting area . - free bottled water (don't touch that fiji water in your room) . - state of the art equipment. all cardio machines with individual tv monitors with over 100 channels and headsets . . * parking . - abundance of parking spots . - unlike other hotels, the parking structure is really close to rooms . . the only gripe i have with encore is it's distant promixity to the main strip. but then again, this is what makes encore more exclusive and secluded. the hubby kept saying he did not want to leave the hotel, especially after getting lost at caesar's palace (vegas hotels never explicitly show "exit" signs). i would've had no problem obliging to this if money was not an object. well, who knows, maybe we could be the next big jackpot winners...woohoo!!!
57th Floor - I still can't believe even after I checked out. Best thing: less people than in any other casino resorts. Even in Wynn, there're much more visitors. Besides, Bellagio isn't in fashion anymore. . Playing there is entirely pleasant since there's non-distraction atmosphere.. Prepare your money - expect to trade them for outstanding service and unforgettable experience.
This is a beautiful hotel!  Husband and I went away for a special weekend and we were not disappointed.  The customer service is spectacular.  We had a breathtaking view from our room overlooking the strip.   The bed and linens were cozy, almost as good as being in our own bed.  The hotel is comfortable, the air quality on the casino floor as well as throughout the hotel was great compared to other Las Vegas hotels.   Great Bloody Mary's at the Society Cafe.  We will definitely go back to the Encore.
Definitely a FIVE star hotel!!! The best hotel I ever stayed in in my entire life!!!~ . The Lobby was so Chinese-style like~ which I liked it very much with all the red and fake flower, butterfly all around the sky/wall of the lobby~. Checked in takes a little while because many people checking in~. We got the offer from Vegas.com, and it gives us complimentary upgrade and $75 resort credit which was a FAB! they upgraded our room to the top floor!!! (was suppose living in the lower level) to 62 floor~~ however the room we got is not facing the strip, but Hey! is free upgrade, still a good thing!~. The room was very stylish!!! and i think the room is good for the young's~ maybe to the older people might think is not THAT elegant to them...but I super Loved it! The bed was huge~ the TV stand was very cool that can switch around facing the bed side and facing the living room side.. Living room has a huge L-shape sofa facing the big window that you can see through outside. Everything was so new! and we enjoyed it very much. We regret we only stayed there for 2 nights, if one more night would be perfect!!. . We also tried the restaurant inside the hotel called "Switch". Pricey restaurant but very cool design of the restaurant. The restaurant background will change every 10 minutes or so, music was played along when switching~ That is why the restaurant is call "Switch". we got the $75 resort credit, that's why we wanna give it a try~ end up we still have to pay $50 bucks total to end the bill. So is pretty pricey, but food was GREAT! should give it a try if u have the budget!! . . Overall I give this hotel 5 stars! Would love to be back!
Loved my 3 day 4 night stay at Encore last weekend.  Bartenders are all very friendly and because the casino is smaller than most it has kind of a boutique hotel feeling.  Rooms are nice and look brand new. They also take care of your room promtly after you leave to go out to breakfast unlike many other top hotels in Vegas. Loved my stay and going back in two months.
Oh Steve Wynn...what have you done to Vegas? . . Of all the glitz and glamour Sin City has to offer, it doesn't get better than the Encore. I've stayed at The Wynn as well, and though similar in design and decor, this one managed to take my breath away. Though I'll only sneak in a mere 2 hours of sleep each night, this is by far my favorite Vegas hotel to stay at. . . The rooms can only be described by one word: P-I-M-P! Live the lavish life of a true baller (even the ones on a budget). The queen suite is spacious enough to fit 6-8 for sleeping and about 14-17 for pre-partying. The L-shaped sofa in the living room makes it easy to fit an extra 2 guests comfortably. The bathroom is very spacious and the sinks make a great cooler for our champagne. Be advised: as amusing as they are, leave the automatic curtains closed, unless your hangover enjoys a good morning sunrise. There's a full stocked snack bar, but unless you're ready to pay and arm and a leg for a short stack of Pringles, don't take the items off the drawer! 60-second sensors are tricky tricky. . . The pool is a wonderful spot to chill at on a scorching summer day. Adequate amount of lay out chairs scattered amongst the premises, European style pool for the sexy 21+, black jack tables shaded off by the gazebo, and gorgeous people all around. Just leave me be with a bottle of tanning oil in one hand and a mojito in the other.. . Not many restaurants available compared to the Wynn, but the more affordable dining venues are only a short trek away across the esplanade. If you plan to eat at Encore, don't expect to pay anything less than $30 for an entree. I've only dined at Sinatra, which was a wonderful meal, but unbelievably expensive for what they serve. . . Location is great. If you need to stock up on liquor and don't feel like choking up major bills at the casino bars, walk across the street to the run down plaza on the backside of the building and buy a full bottle of Grey Goose at Bev Mo prices. And who said Vegas doesn't have cheap alcohol? Also, don't forget to check out XS on a Friday or Saturday night. You're guaranteed to wake up looking/feeling like a hot mess, but it'll be worth it. Promise.
1 word: BALLERS.. 2 words: Stay. here. . . Seriously, it doesn't get any better than this. Pure luxury.  The rooms are huge, modern, immaculately clean, and super comfy. In other words, they're freakin kick ass.  Ate in every restaurant on the resort- was not disappointed once. (For breakfast RUN to Society Cafe and order the "Oscar Benedict." You can thank me later).. . Got lost in the hotel on our first night... didn't care. Didn't even bother looking for those damn elusive exit signs to exit the premises. No point. When we finally did made it out of the hotel and went into other casinos we felt like the Encore snobs that we really are. Steve Wynn, you've turned me into a monster.
triple bombdotcom. i love vegas and i love encore. haha, omg first i stepped in this hotel i said, omg classy! i loved it. the staff are nice, the room is hellaomg nice, everything about this hotel is nice. live the lifeee!
Previously I rated this resort 5-stars.  As an update:  I again rate this Encore 5 stars !!!   . . For whatever reason, this place has it figured out.  They know how to take care of their guests and give them individual attention, which is somewhat surprising considering what a large number of guests they have.   As I have previously stated, I have stayed at all the 4 and 5 star resorts on the Las Vegas strip and Encore beats them all!  . . I challenge anyone on yelp to find a better hotel resort in Las Vegas!
I LOVED my stay at Encore.. . The hotel rooms are gorgeous: sophisticated and opulent without being too much (as can often be the case for Vegas).  The size of the suites are great and all those mirrors are perfect when you're traveling with a bunch of girls!. . The location was great: I like being on that end of the strip, it was within walking distance to the Venetian, Fashion Show Mall and of course, the Wynn.  We didn't even need to leave all the time to get exactly what we wanted: Surrender, XS, Encore Beach Club, the Wynn buffet!  . . I also always imagined having to walk a mile in Vegas hotels, but this hotel wasn't like that! The size was reasonable and I loved that it was more quiet and less hectic than say, The Venetian.. . Service was top-notch as well.. . My only complaint was that we requested two queens and we got one king bed.  But...I know sometimes these things happen on busy weekends. :/. . I would def. recommend Encore to someone looking for a little more sophistication and quiet, while being close to all the action. I would go back and stay there.
We stayed here February 2009 and absolutely were in love. The last trip we took (a few weeks ago), we chose the Cosmopolitan (had to, it was the newest on the Strip!) but realize that as much as the Cosmo was awesome, Encore rocks it more. . . The lobby bar is my favorite place to hang, the bartenders are so cool, the servers are fast and efficient. . . The shopping is beautiful (way $$$, but window shopping is nice), and the restaurant choices are amazing). . . We saw La Reve (wowee), and ate at Switch for the night. The last trip we went to all of the restaurant during our 4 night stay..... . The rooms are huge, modern, clean, spacious.  . . I will be staying at Encore next time, what a beauty.
Encore/Wynn are the BEST hotels in Las Vegas!  As soon as you arrive to this beautiful hotel, you feel like you're in a different world.  The decor is lush and magical, the people are the friendliest you will ever meet, and the amenities are exceptional.  . . Encore's customer service is the FINEST amongst all the hotels I have ever stayed at in Vegas or anywhere for that matter.  From the housekeeping to management and everywhere in between, every single person I encountered was polite, professional, and helpful.  They were completely genuine and never snooty, which most would expect at a high end hotel.  . . The restaurants, shopping, and night life were all incredible.  I checked out their club XS and WOW!  Absolutely amazing!  I can see why this club was voted BEST in the world.  And after that I stopped by one of the restaurants here for a late night meal and ordered the XS Burger!  You have to try this burger: A huge burger piled high with fried eggs, bacon, cheese, and french fries.  I've never seen anything like it and it was incredible!. . I can't say enough about how much I love this hotel, but I do know that this is the ONLY hotel I will ever stay in whenever I visit Vegas... With the exception of Wynn (same company).  . . Here's to anyone who wants to have an AMAZING experience in Vegas: stay at Wynn or Encore-- it's the only way to do Vegas right!  Enjoy!
I love the Encore!! This hotel is top notch! I can't wait to go stay there again. The rooms were so gorgeous and comfortable. I stayed in the Resort King Suite. The room was really classy and spacious. The bathroom had his and her sinks with a gorgeous glass shower.  The entire hotel was beautifully decorated with multicolored butterflies and red accents. The location was really convenient. You can walk across the street and go to the fashion show mall. You could also walk to the Venetian pretty easily. There is a very conveniently located bridge to the Venetian next to a beautiful waterfall. I had a fabulous time there. I suggest this hotel to anyone that wants to have a relaxing time in a nice hotel in Vegas. It is simply delightful.
Encore to encore! . . "Holy macro!" This is where I'm having my bachelorette party when it happens!" - Wowzers!. . I've stayed in over 20 different hotels in my Vegas life span and this is by far the best designed hotel room ever.  Even if I were to come home drunk I'd still remember what this room looked like!  The room is so nice I wouldn't want to mess it up with any type of vomit. . . It can probably fit 6-8 people comfortably!  . There's a TV screen in the bathroom! It's like straight mini Penthouse status.  . Definitely a room you want to enjoy.  You could even have a little bridal shower in there.. . Sign up for their emails and they will send you deals from time to time. Otherwise it's a bit pricey but so worth it.. . You will not be disappointed! ENCORE ENCORE ENCORE!
==Encore Las Vegas==. Located almost in the center of the Strip, this place is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. If you catch the deals on the right days, you will barely pay over $140 a night here and it's well worth it. The decor is just stunning in the lobby and in the rooms. The room is just jaw dropping as you enter and has a very warm modern look. The lights and drapes are all electronic with a push of a button, and the bed is REALLY comfortable. I want to buy the mattress!! There's a little living room with a small L shape couch and a table for workspace. The bedroom is divided with a small wall and a LCD TV sits there. You have spacious dressing drawers and the bathroom is very nice with an outside bathtub with a standing/sit down shower WITH an almost rain forest type shower head! I saw "like" a rain forest type shower head :) Close enough. Everything is so spacious here, you and your lover will love it!. . One tip is that you should get a map from the lobby so you know where everything is in the lobby. Many restaurants to choose from and it will help you know which way to exit to the closet bus stop if you're busing it down the strip. . . And btw: To the people lowering stars because they thinkthe room is too small. Really? Who stays in the hotel room more than to just sleep anyways? VEGAS BABY - you should be at the night clubs and gambling the night away! . lol... . PROS::. . 1] Spacious enough! Do you expect to do a marathon around your room?. 2] Remote control drapes and lights for the lazy. 3] VERY VERY comfortable Bed. 4] Decor has a very nice modern feel and appeal. 5] Free WIFI.. . CONS::. . 1] Hotel is huge, Get a map from the lobby :) Be smart
Pretty awesome hotel so far. The room is spacious, clean, with French windows and great view of the strip. Fairly luxurious, would put it on par with the rooms I stayed  in at the Venetian.
Received a killer deal for a 4 day/3 night stay at Encore. Turned out to be ~$116/night package that included a Wynn buffet for two for 3 days and two tickets to Le Reve.  Hey that's better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick any day in my book!. . Dang SWEET right?!. I'm saving a lot of money by coming here right?!. They don't call it Lost Wages for nothing right?!. . Spent two days playing craps at the Encore Casino.  I wasn't even planning on playing there, but their Craps tables stuck with the $10 minimum all weekend long.  I thought for sure they would raise it to a $25 min, but no such luck.  So I couldn't resist and to my detriment, I lost big time.  I did have a 20+ roll streak and won some of it back.  Drank a lot of "free" Bloody Mary's and Dirty Martini's.  But no matter how you look at it, Encore/Wynn got their money's worth outta me.   Even though I didn't end up with a roll of 100's in my pocket, I did not leave this place disappointed.  (I did end up having enough to buy a Ho Dduk the next time I'm at Koo's ;P) . . The rooms were awesome; roomy suites (requested more shoe polish and they gave me 10 cans of it!), huge spa-like bathrooms accommodated with robes, slippers, and a flat-screen TV.  Also for your viewing pleasure, awesome views of the entire strip or downtown LV.  Part of the deal included free Wi-Fi, and use of the fitness club; a very sweet setup with a juice bar, cold and room-temp bottled water, headphones, and ample sweat towels.  When staying at the Encore/Wynn, you also have access to their "European" outdoor pool where Steve Wynn proudly states that you are free to go topless if desired.  So we went and indeed, there were many uninhibited women who were "propped up" and indeed topless.  More power to them.  Cabanas can be rented on a per/day basis.   . . I wish we came to LV to experience more places to eat, but with my losing streak and money leaving my wallet left and right, we ended up eating at the "free" buffet for either lunch or dinner all three days... AND YES, I AM SO SICK OF THE WYNN BUFFET.  Even though we earned another free buffet for two the next time we go, I don't think I'll want to spend any more time there.  The one great thing was the wait service.  The waiters we had were all very nice, cordial, and attentative.  As far as the buffet was concerned nothing to write home about.  I think I did eat about 10 creme brulees as that was all that was memorable.. . Le Reve was a watery enigma of a story about a lost lover who is shown a world of the underground, ravaged with temptation, and is always being pulled back and forth until the end.  At least that's my take on it.  But a great production none the less.
Can I give this place 6 stars???? . . We absolutely loved our stay on the encore! We stayed for 4 nights in an panoramic suite and it was amazing. Upon check in we asked for a quieter room and were given an upgraded room on the 61st floor for an extra $20 per night. The views could have been better but it really doesn't matter when you have floor to ceiling windows....awesome views of everything! . . The room was very spacious and the bed was super comfy. Room was always made up whenever we pressed our lil magical "make room ready" button. It was nice to have a control panel for everything, lights, curtains, etc....althought it didn't always work all the time, it was still very nice. . . The encore provides a lot of fine dining/shopping options which was a a big plus for us (okay, maybe not the shopping). If you are looking for more affordable dining/shopping options the mall is right across the st. as well. There is a pretty convenient walkway to the Wynn as well. We liked the encore because it wasn't too hard to navigate and it was never overly crowded...it was just right! . . I was really surprised to see $10 tables during the evenings on a Sunday-Thursday...hubby enjoyed that! We enjoyed the pool just about everyday we were there and it was never overly crowded which was nice. . . Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay! We are looking forward to going back and staying at the Encore....even though the tables weren't too kind to us!
Very nice place. Had a few drinks while listening to the dueling pianos!
I always enjoy staying at Encore when i come to Las Vegas. It's such a gorgeous hotel and the rooms are so classic.  Living room is divided by a wall with the bedroom. Bathroom is massive and it has standing shower as well as tub.  Marble counter tops with tv inside the bathroom.  There's also a chaise big enough for you to lay down and I've always gotten a great view of the strip.. . Super Chic, super sext and super fun. The hotel has great amenities, an awesome pool, the funniest clubs and delicious restaurants.
We checked in at Encore at around 3:30pm. The hotel staff first gave us a room on 21st floor facing the golf course, but the room keys didn't work. After spending more than half an hour waiting in the hallway and back and forth calling the front desk figuring out the problems, I went down to the front desk and complained. The staff apologized and upgraded us to 28th floor with a Strip view. Yay!. . Our king suite room was very spacious with a huge bathroom. There were some nice features in the room, such as the electric control panel for drapes, sheers, and all the lighting in the room, a 360 degree TV, a bathroom TV, and the comfortable down king bed. The most stunning part in the room is, of course, the ceiling-to-floor window overlooking the Strip. Since Encore is not located in the heart of the Strip, we could not see too many casinos buildings. But this was the best view we could get based on the location. Nothing better than ending and starting my days in Vegas with a stunning view on 28th floor! I really really loved my room here at Encore!
We went to the Wynn hotel for a couple getaway and left impressed with the luxury of the hotel and rooms. We always remembered the rooms being the best we've experienced in Vegas. . . Encore lives up the the hype of our first experience with the Wynn. We stayed in an upgraded King suite and the room and linens were of premium quality and the flat screen HD tv was nice. The room was the nicest I've been in in Vegas. . . The housekeeping service was prompt and courteous. The employees were all courteous and helpful. The only negative was that the tv remote was not working when we arrived (but was quickly replaced by housekeeping) and the line to the front desk was busy and went to voicemail. . . The casino felt smaller than some of the other highend casinos on the Strip and they did not have their own poker room so we had to go to the Wynn which wasn't a big deal but something to keep in mind.
I don't give out top ratings to hotels/resorts very easily.  I'm chronically critical of such establishments, even though I'm a very frequent traveler, and stay in hotels all the time.  Even luxury hotels bum me out sometimes - and often feel either over the top or just overly expensive.. . And, I don't really like Vegas very much.. . So, with that as the backdrop, I'm giving the Encore 5 stars. It was awesome.  Our room was perfect.  We had one of the panoramic "suites" (although calling it a suite is a bit of an exaggeration - I'd call it a "large-ish room with a separate seating area."  But, it was well-appointed, the bed was comfortable, and we had a killer view of the strip.. . We ate a few meals on the property - including Botero (which I'll review when I get to it) which was great.  I would avoid the buffet next time, but there are plenty of other places to get different levels of food, from casual to top-of-the-line.  All in all, I had no complaints.. . Most importantly, the Encore did its job for being "cozy" - but still with just the right level of Vegas energy.  It was high-end, but somehow avoided being obnoxious.  Not sure how they do that, but I liked it.. . I can't imagine going back to Vegas too soon, but the next time I'm there, I'll be back at the Encore.
My favorite hotel anywhere.  Clean, beautiful, and quiet.  Service is top notch, great views, and lots of natural sunlight.  I love the large windows and how every detail has been thought of in advance.
Go big or go home. Don't freaking even bother going to Vegas unless you're going to stay somewhere high class like Encore. Yes, even if you're going to spend the entire weekend drunk and you claim you won't remember anything. It's STILL worth it.. . Encore is all about the little details that make your trip perfect. For example, putting your name on your room key and making it also your players card. "oh now I feel special and appreciated and it's that much easier for me to gamble. Thanks!". . Another plus-- the whole place is decorated in that big, over-the-top Las Vegas way we all love. gardens in the main lobby, five bajillion mirrors in the hallways so you can check yourself out, and art all over the place. Even when you're lost looking for the elevators back to your room you'll stay entertained just by looking at the walls.. . The pool is fabulous, as you would expect. The 21+ pool ensures you won't spend your Saturday afternoon sitting next to a mom in a Mickey mouse Tshirt with her six kids-- you'll be sunbathing with the beautiful people.. . I'll definitely be back on my next trip!
My new favorite hotel.... . Nice rooms.. . Home of XS.. . Easy to navigate casino.. . Great customer service.. . We have a winner!
I love this place
Wynn and Encore are two beautiful sister hotels. I stayed in the Encore King Suite and it was perfect for me and my boyfriend. I booked during a promotion as well so that was a real bonus! Their customer service is great and my overall stay here was just enjoyable. Two great clubs are conveniently located downstairs, XS and Surrender.. . The ONLY thing I would have to mention is how stuffy it can get in the hotel. They definitely need to crank up the A/C! Other than that, I am looking forward to another stay here!
Just a quick update.... . We cheated on the Encore this past weekend by staying at The Cosmopolitan.  While The Cosmopolitan is a great hotel, they have NOTHING on the Encore (except for the better location)!!!. . I was reminded of why I LOVE the Encore.  EVERY staff member is awesome and friendly.  I have never had to complain about anything at the Encore.  The Encore room is PERFECT!!!  Plus, The Cosmo does not have a "smell" like the Encore.. . I am so sorry Encore, my love!!!  I will NEVER stray again!!!  Please forgive me!!!
Great room and stay at Encore. . . I've played and hanged out several times at Encore, so eventually I wanted to stayed here. Finally got a room with the GF and one of my boys. They're both Vegas virgins and Encore didn't disappoint their first time experience. . . I won't be redundant and describe every little details about the room. It's going to have the amenities and features you would expect. Plus, the infamous swivel TV. But suffice to say, it's nice, immaculate, and spacious. Nice, soft, comfy bed. Floor to ceiling windows with a nice view of the pools at Encore/Wynn and a bit of the strip. It was really cool to take the nice white leather desk chairput it in front of the windows, put your feet up, and take in the view. . . I had heard about the music at XS raging all night long. Although we wouldn't mind that so much due to that's the way we are and partly because we would stay up til sunrise anyway. I did request a higher floor room. We whine up being on the 37th floor and couldn't hear anything from XS or Surrender. . . Went to the Encore pool on Thursday and Friday. Nice garden ambiance. Resort pool with kids was not loud or obnoxious at all. European pool was nice as well, just a few girls that were topless. It wasn't that much of a party pool and I'm saying that in a good way. Nice and serene. Nice touch to have elevators leading directly to the pool and avoiding the casino floor. We went to the Wynn pool on Saturday. I would say the major difference is the Wynn pool is bigger and music is blasting from the European party pool. So to each their own. I did wish that both pools had more cabana girls serving drinks b/c the wait can be awhile before they get to you. . . . Went up to concierge desk to get line passes to XS. Had a slight snafu there, wanted the tickets for Saturday night and told him that, he printed them for Friday. So we double check and one of the other concierge guy passed us and asked if everything was alright and then we asked about the passes. Turns out , the passes does have to be printed for the night you're going. Then he told us come back tomorrow and they'll take care of it. After waiting for a good while at the desk on Saturday, turns out, you can have the passes printed for whatever night anytime. So after discovering the mistake on Friday they could have printed passes for Saturday night right then and there. So be sure that the passes are printed for the night you're going, to avoid this situation. But still a minor thing in my book. . . Wherever we were at; valet, craps table, pool, or bar. The guest service was superb to us. The interaction was always polite, courteous, and warm. . . Another thing, I notice on the other reviews some Yelpers think the Encore is a little "off" or not as lively as Wynn or far from the strip. Granted the deli/cafe/buffet is at the Wynn and you have to walk over there. But I consider all of it one big resort, so don't be lazy about a leisurely stroll people!!! . . Another point, if you're a first timer and want to be near the strip or have a really good strip view. This place is not ideal. Even though you'll get a view of the pools and golf course. Your view will be partially block by the Wynn itself. The location is a little away from the action of the strip. Who needs it, if you're a Vegas regular and you don't need that toursity/kitsch of the strip. It goes back to the Encore being a more serene option to stay at.. . Now, for the nightly atmosphere. I agree there is a subtle difference between Encore and Wynn. The Wynn is bigger, thus more people therefore more rowdy action. I would say Encore is crowded and the Wynn is packed. The difference can be visualize as the craps table at Wynn has a lot of 21yr olds and the tables at Encore has the 30yr olds that actually has money...I kid, I kid. But come Friday or Saturday night there are plenty of girls in heels prancing around at both places. At 5am Friday night/Saturday morning at the craps table, it was full and we had a rowdy good time with Josh & Sully from Buffalo. So I couldn't tell the difference. . . The beautiful surroundings and great guest service lead me to book a room here. I'm happy to tell you there was no let-down. Encore strives to be a boutique that caters to the more refine instead of the masses. It's suppose to be a different alternative to Wynn. A serene place to step away from it all when you want to. But when you're ready, it brings the heat too. Stay here.
By far the best hotel on the strip. Beautifully designed with great pools and cabanas. Loved the nightclubs; they had great drinks and weren't too crowded. Of course, I was able to get in before the rest of the crowd due to a friend.  I love the Encore. The casino is quiet and more smoke free than the Wynn and it is tasteful. I recommend that everyone visiting Vegas stay here.
Love this place.  Really, who doesn't?!. . My husband and I stayed here for our wedding weekend in Vegas, and the experience was just incredible.  The front desk knew we were getting married, and sent up complimentary strawberries and champagne.  The rooms are beautiful, comfortable, and have great views.  Ours had a strip view (which, obviously, is great), but the people watching at the Beach Club, at night at XS, and at the pools during the day were added bonuses.  . . And for the ladies-- the bathrooms in the suites have a small vanity space (a comfy bench with a great, lit cosmetic mirror on the counter).  I hate doing my makeup standing up, and getting ready for my wedding was a great, stress-free experience thanks to this smart addition.  . . The gym, pool, and other amenities are great.  LOVED the gym.  The staff bring you chilled water bottles and towels while you're on the treadmils, and will bring you more water if they see that your current bottle is running low.  Ummm, who doesn't love that?
Stayed in a Ridiculously Large - 2 bedroom apartment
If you can afford it, DON'T STAY ANYWHERE ELSE.. . Each room has a couch and is large enough to ease your anxiety about living out of a suitcase. The staff is super helpful and the pools are nice, classy, and fun. Encore is a bit smaller than the Wynn, but my experience has been that it is a younger crowd. The hotel has two really popular night clubs, XS and Surrender, and the newest/hottest day club, Encore Beach Club. I've been to all three clubs and most of the restaurants, and honestly, I will never stay anywhere else if I can help it!. . I honestly smile every time I walk into this place, and right now I'm kind of speechless trying to describe its beauty and comfort. You have to check it out for yourself!!
I LOVE this hotel.  . . Stayed here 3 nights w/ the bf for vacay & were provided great service upon arrival. This place is all about luxury..with stores on the Esplanade like Louis Vuitton, Manolo Blahnik & Rolex..you can expect that the rooms are just as luxurious...& they are!!!. . Anytime you need your room made-up there is even an option on the door panel inside so housekeeping won't be banging on your door or barging into your room. The bathroom is really nice & pretty ginormous you even have a TV in there which is a good & bad thing for me since I take a long time to get ready haha. I also appreciate that they're not shiesty w/ the bathroom toiletries & provide nice products.. . The pool is super nice too & I like that there is a guest elevator so you don't have to walk through the casino to get to the pool. I went to the pool everyday & loved that it was not overly crowded or swarming w/ screaming children. I like the service they provide poolside as well, the mojitos are delish & not watered down like most pool bars. There's also a European pool so if tanning topless is your thing then it's there for you.. . I love the nightclubs at the Wynn & Encore. Also since we were hotel guests we got into Blush w/ no cover or waiting in line. So definitely take advantage of that if you stay here! . . Can't wait to come back & stay here again!! I still wish I lounging poolside sipping on my mojito!!
My husband and I just returned from Vegas, for the 8th time. Each time we stayed at a different hotel and this 8th trip we stayed at the Encore which by far was our best Vegas luxury hotel experience to date, hands down. We promised ourselves that the next time we're back in Vegas, Encore would be our choice again.. . Encore is expensive, yes, but for a good reason. Also, there's a popular school of thought for hotel choices: why pay more for a hotel if you're going to be spending most of your time outside the hotel anyway? While there is alot of basis for this school of thought, it might not necessarily hold true in Vegas. In Vegas, all the attractions are the hotels itself which means that you will be spending alot of your time in hotels: pool, meals, casino, shows, and other attractions. Guests at the Encore and Wynn have access to amenities on either side. It seems like for every great thing that was first built at the Wynn, they made it better at the Encore.. . If you are looking for excellent customer service, modern and gorgeous and high tech rooms, and wonderful amenities, then this place is for you. Vegas has a ton of hotel competition but Encore knows how to stand out. When we requested for more toiletries, they called us up within the next 15 mins to check if they had been delivered to our room.. . Some other standouts at the Encore:. . 1. They have a European-style pool (i.e. topless optional). Best time/least crowded time to go is on late mornings early in the week.. . 2. Beautiful pool area without the spring breakers crowd. If you don't wantdrinks and food service, they have multiple complimentary ice drinking water stations to keep you hydrated during those hot summer days.. . 2. Fighting over which tv channel to watch in the room? No worries. There's a tv in the room and another tv in the bathroom.. . 3. Automated control for lights, drapes, and room privacy from your bedside.. . 4. Touchscreen room phone.. . 5. Personal customer service: Whenever we called up housekeeping or the service desk, they picked up the phone and straightaway addressed us by name without us informing which room we're in. The last time we got this type of personal experience was when we stayed at the Four Seasons in Singapore.. . Great award-winning restaurants and shopping at the esplanade. The location is also fantastic being really close to the Palazzo, Venetian, and Fashion Show Mall. Need something from Walgreens? Take the overpass from the Wynn esplanade and cross over to the Palazzo.. . Hotel guests are allowed to purchase prepaid tickets for XS Nightclub and also enter through a special line. We bypassed everyone else and hardly needed to wait. Nice perk as well.. . Seems like everything Steve Wynn touches, it becomes golden.
When you have the opportunity to stay at a luxury hotel, in Vegas of all places, for around $150 a night, knowing deep down that you are not the type of client they built this palace for, get down with it. . . I stayed at the Wynn the last two times in Sin City and I loved it, but we thought it might be nice to give the younger sister a little attention and I am so glad we did. . . I'm getting old now, as was made perfectly clear when I booked a trip to Sin City mid week, instead of on the weekend when all the hip kids come out and play. But, that's actually a good thing b/c our room was cheaper and we got a king suite for $139 a night. . . The room is really plush, roughly 750 sq. feet and it was just what the doctor ordered for my summer get away. . . Bed was comfy, pillows were oversized and fluffy, robes were an excellent touch and overall we had a wonderful time. . . When I'm in Vegas, I get down with the Wynn or Encore b/c once you go black.... you know the rest.
GGGGGRRRREEEEAAATTTT Hotel! I love this place. Very chic European feel. You better be ready to spend a pretty penny because everything is expensive here. The Wynn and Encore are linked together, but the Encore is more updated. The casino is beautiful, the architecture, the accessories. The pool has a French Riviera feel. There is a family type pool at the Wynn but the Encore is more for adults. They also have a European pool that is 21 and up that is topless. Concierge was very accommodating and made you feel like you were VIP! Love that. The people are hip and it was very exciting. The Beach Club pool party is off the hook on Sunday as well as Club XS being the hottest club in Vegas. Great hip loungy house music throughout the hotel. I loved it!. . Our king suite was off the hook. Living room with separate sleeping area (360 degree swivel flat screen). Executive desk and chair area. Sick ass bathroom with separate tub and seating shower (another flat sceen in there). Full of glass and mirrors! Luxury at its best. We got a special deal to stay and see the show "La Reve." Look out for their offers. Again, be ready to spend a lot of money. If you don't want to spend soooo much, head over to the next block to the little strip mall. They have a liquor store, mexican food, pizza, etc. Check out my pictures!
What to add to the 5 star  rating. ...... From the whimsical lobby with the beautiful blown glass chandeliers it pairs and compliments the Wynn . The bedroom interior is more spacious at the Encore than Wynn , decor is more grown up colors of creams, gold, and black. The seating area is larger with an L sectional so plush. The tub and restroom as always is marbled with  charm and The view at the Wynn has a great sunset with panorama  Canyon view while the Encore has more back strip and canyon views. I did like the pool at the Encore better than the Wynns, but either hotel is a win, even for the discerning  aficiando ~
If Las Vegas is my spiritual home, then the little triangle of Encore/Wynn/Palazzo cushioned by the Peppermill and Riv is where I come to worship. . . This. Is. It.
Awesome hotel and friendly staff made the trip to Vegas awesome. Winning and getting comped helped too.
This place is so fancy it hurts! . . Staying here is very relaxing and fun. They have a number of clubs in the hotel ( Encore Beach Club, Surrender and XS). . . XS was interesting because it had two entrances. . . I had a great time, and I'll for sure come back here again.
This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. The rooms are beautiful and large. The lobby always smells good and it's a little less hectic than many of the other casinos. . . The hotel rooms are beautiful, modern and bright. The beds are comfortable and the lighting and curtains are all the most modern technologies.. . The bathrooms have large tubs and showers and I love that they supply you with things like toothbrush, mouthwash, and soaps that you may have forgotten at home. . . They have a nice mini bar with gourmet little snacks that are hard to resist. . . Services at the hotel are very good. They have turn down each evening and place chocolates on the bedside table. . . You can find great deals on their website, especially during summer months or by signing up for their mailing list.. . Vegas spoils you in terms of bang for your buck for the hotel room. Where else can you stay in a 5 star hotel for under $200 a night?!
LOVED this hotel- absolutely no regrets. . . The rooms are complete with heavenly beds and electric blackout shades. Steve Wynn- you get it, and I appreciate you for that. . . The minimums on the tables can be a bit steep here- so best to avoid the blackjack tables at 5 in the morning. No, I am not speaking from experience........ . When you stay at the Encore, you have access to its pools as well as Wynn's. The Encore pools are a bit better if you are looking for a quieter scene, but personally I really loved the Wynn pools- complete with poolside gambling and a great playlist. . . Avoid the brunch- this is what I call a Poor Life Choice- the lines are absolutely atrocious and that is what your stomach will feel like for the next day and a half. I did enjoy brunch at Social though.
This hotel rocks.  I would have to say that they probably have the best suites of all the hotels I've stayed at.  We had a king bed suite and loved the decor, the mirrors, the huge bathroom, great lighting, etc. and the Mini Bar is stocked with great stuff!  I could have stayed here for weeks!  It definitely isn't cheap though.  This place has great pools - the standard and European pool plus Encore Beach Club and clubs - XS, Surrender.  Walk right over to Wynn and you got Blush and Tryst plus a number of other restaurants too.  We didn't have to leave the hotel because it had everything!
best hotel ever!. nice room nice service nice restaurants nice casino nice buffet
Encore really is as good as it gets!. . Beautiful resort, easy parking, extremely friendly staff, and the rooms are gorgeous! They have terrific restaurant options, as well as night life options, and the pool areas are pristine! There really is no reason to leave this property during your stay. . . Encore is also right across the street from Fashion Show mall, in case you need to do some shopping or get a last minute shirt for your trip.. . The only issue I have with Encore, is that it's too far north on the strip, meaning, everything else worth seeing is a little far away, which isn't a huge deal.
Love this hotel.  Staffs are very friendly and attentive to your needs.  . . Rooms are very spacious and clean.  The casino does not smell like cigarettes, very good ventilating system.
Best in Vegas, bar none.  Thanks Mr. Wynn for repeated great stays and memories.  We'll keep coming back.
Everyone loves Encore, me included. I just wish the Red Card wasn't such a lame player's card/loyalty program and I wish XS (which I like as a venue overall) didn't feature the entire cast of extras from Rush Hour 2 on random nights.. . 4 stars given the above, 1 bonus star to put us at the magical 5 since I've never smelled a better place in my life. Random, I know, but take a deep breath when you enter. . . Ladies, I'll marry the next one of you that smells like that...
This place was amazing. My friend and I did not stay here but we ate at the botero restaurant which is part of Encore. Their food was amazing. We had the veggie sandwich wrapped in sourdough bread with sweet potato fries and it was so fresh and tasty. I LOVED walking around this place. Red is my favorite color and I loved the vibrant feel of the hotel. I wanted to stay there the whole time- great spots to get your upscale shopping on too:) They had a pool party going on too when we were there. The staff was helpful when we asked questions about which places to eat at and visit. . . If I go back to Vegas this would be my place of choice. Encore!! tres bien:)
Just returned from a fabulous Labor Day weekend stay at the Encore.  This was our second stay at the Encore and I must say it was almost better the second time around.   Wonderful top notch experience from start to finish.  About a month before our visit I called the hotel to ask if they remembered the room we stayed in last year which they did and I requested if we could have the same room on our upcoming visit.  The request was noted in our reservation and accomodated upon check in.  Room was amazing just like last time with the world's most comfortable bed overlooking the strip and also the pool.  After a quick and pleasant check in we went up to our room changed into our bathing suits and headed down to the pool for drinks at the bar.  Energetic bar with friendly and knowledgable bartenders.  Crowded pool but lots of chairs and very helpful pool attendants assisted with finding an available spot.    Love the pool areas, very clean and vibrant with lots of space and trees  Feels like an oasis, you would never know you are in the desert.  The rooms are just gorgeous.  Floor to ceiling windows, request a strip view for an amazing view at night.  Room colors are warm cream and chocolate.  The bathroom is huge with marble floorings and walls with glass enclosed separate shower, large bath tub and separate toilet closet. Luxurious robes to wear with large soft towels and upscale toiletries.  The bed linens are heavenly soft.  They are so comfortable and are available for sale in the hotel store downstairs.. . I booked a hair appointment at the salon which went very well.  A little on the pricey side to put in my hair extension and style my hair ($154) but I must say she did a fantastic job!  Exactly what I wanted and my hair looked great.  The salon features all Kerastase and Shu Uemera products.  The spa where the salon is located looks amazing.    We had dinner that evening at Lakeside Grill.  Pretty good, prompt service and a nice view overlooking the lake (duh...Lakeside) but we felt it was a little too much for what we ordered. . . We had breakfast and lunch at Society Cafe which doesn't disappoint.  Great food and really nice restaurant.  We also had breakfast at Terrace Point Grill at the Wynn which was also very good.. . The casino at the Encore is beautiful but a bit more quiet than the casino at the Wynn.  Gorgeous red chandeliers and exquisite tiles and flowers everywhere.  One thing we noticed while walking through the casino as compared to other hotel casinos is the absence of cigarette smell.  I don't know what they do to control the odor but they do a great job.  . . They have several of the very popular clubs on property.  We went to Blush on this trip and XS last year.   Different size clubs but very similar experience.  Crowded and no seating except if you purchase bottle service which on this trip was $600 minimum.  That's ok if you have a group but for just 2 people that's a little extreme to sit down.  We did get to meet Holly Madison though which was cool.  . . Overall, we had another fabulous experience.  Cannot recommend the Encore enough.  Every employee we encountered was very professional and friendly.  Very upscale hotel with impeccable service.  We visited the MGM, Planet Hollywood and The Palms.  These hotels don't even compare.  I have stayed at the Venetian once before but after a tour last year it appears to be going a little downhill especially since they installed a HUGE green neon sign, makes it look like a Holiday Inn. . . Tip, bring your essentials i.e. sunscreen, cigarettes, cigars, etc. they charge double even triple at the hotel.  There is also a $20 per day resort fee.   . . We spent some time at the Wynn and want to stay there next year. The Wynn seems to be a little more lively.  Would love to compare.
I studied hospitality management in college, and let me tell you Steve Wynn has perfected it. . I used to work for Hilton hotels and a certain resort had coined "Distinct Personalized Service." well I will tell you that The Encore blew that out of the water. . Im not gay, so I don't use the word fabulous - but this room was freakin Fabulous... . I don't even know where to start but I'm sure you have already read enough thorough reviews letting you know how perfect the room was. . . The buffet inside the encore is amazing... we would eat it towards late in the end of breakfast and pretty much stay through lunch.. Everything from crab cakes, to pad thai, to a over the top desert bar... The best in vegas. . . I don't have anything negative to say about it. I usually can find atleast one thing.. but really other it was perfect. Granted the everything was pricey.... but if you are staying here price isn't so much as an issue.
LOVE LOVE LOVE! Encore is a beautiful hotel that has trendy decor and really amazing rooms. Our suite was big, really clean and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The little things like the shampoo and conditioner were really high quality and the fact that you could watch tv while in the shower/tub was really nice. . . They have a couple pools at Encore - one that is really relaxing with poolside servers that bring you food and drinks. You can charge everything to your room (dangerous!) and the classic mojito was wonderful and very refreshing on a hot Vegas day. . . The casino itself is really nice, clean and again the servers are prompt in bringing drinks around (even if you are on the penny slots!) They have nice restaurants and you are so close to the Wynn they pretty much have anything you need right there. You barely have to leave the hotel if you don't want to, they have though of everything. These rooms, and the ambiance is worth the price!
Absolutely top drawer. We stayed in a panoramic suite on the 50th floor with a view of the strip (about $40 more per night than the standard room).  Check-in was flawless and quick.  The room was a cavernous 700 square feet.  Features of the room included an uber-comfortable king sized bed, a flat screen tv that swiveled between the bedroom and living room, remote control everything (lights, curtains, shears), and a nice office/ living room area.  The bathroom had a shower and soaker tub, private water closet, tv, and super high end towels & robes.. . Housekeeping staff did a wonderful job maintaining our room (even folding our dirty laundry that we may have left laying about). . . The pool areas were very well run with attentive servers. . . This was the best hotel room that I have had in my life.
Thank goodness I'm past the good old days when my friends and I would travel to Vegas and stuff 10 people into a room at Imperial Palace. Now we stuff a bunch of girls in a suite at Encore for a bachelorette party! Much more luxurious. From beginning the end, the customer service is stellar. They even print your name on the hotel key cards!. . The suite itself is gorgeous, with fantastic views of the strip from the floor to ceiling windows. The beds are heavenly as well with down comforters and tons of pillows. The bathrooms are huge, with marble tubs and plenty of space to stretch out and get ready for a night out. . . We also had room service both nights we were there and were so impressed by the friendly service by our guy, Rigo. He brought us tray after tray of delicious late night munchies with a smile on the whole time. . . Whenever we needed extra anything - towels, blankets, forks, whatever - it came super quickly. . . And that's just the room itself. One of the best parts about Encore is that you could literally stay there all weekend if you wanted to and not even bother with any other parts of the strip. From the pool to the clubs to the restaurants and casinos, Encore is top notch. . . It's a great, easy way to create an extravagant vacation experience without having to pay an arm and a leg or plan till you go crazy. Viva Encore!
I have stayed here a couple times in the last few months and love it!  The decor is beyond stunning.  From the hall ways, drapes, bathrooms, etc.  Love it!!!!. . The staff is friendly wherever you go.  The casino, the spa, the rooms, the food - yes please.. . The pool is one of my favorite pools in Vegas and the people are all fun to look at.
Encore has great restaurants and the casino seems a little better then at the Wynn or at least more ppl are playing at the Encore.  I love this hotel.
There is only one word that truly describes my experience at the Encore Las Vegas... magnificent. It was the first impression of walking through the doors that truly affected me the most. The Encore Las Vegas is a 5 star hotel by Steve Wynn and appeared to go above and beyond in terms of customer satisfaction and amenities. When I first arrived at the hotel, I was greeted by immense, solid mahogany doors, which in a sense, seemed like a symbol of greatness. As I stepped through the door, I was greeted by large floor to ceiling windows that gave out a subtle dosage of sunlight, which helped emphasize and bring about the warm red and gold ambiance throughout the room. It literally felt as though I entered a new majestic world because I've never experienced anything as amazing as this, in terms of architecture. As I continued to walk forward, I noticed the plush and soft red carpet that essentially massaged my every step. When I looked left and right, I couldn't help but notice the great amounts of detail of the walls and ceilings from the elegant art work and chandeliers that complimented the soft yet vibrant colors, all the way to the extensive use of decorative crown molding and trim. It was a room that made me feel extremely comfortable since it was exceptionally spacious and quiet for a casino hotel, all complimented by a beautiful fragrance that virtually eliminated all hints of cigarette smoke. I don't know why, but entering the hotel was amazing.. . The overall property of the Encore feels very comfortable and intimate. It didn't feel like I was being suffocated by a low ceiling and slot machines at every corner. I remember once going to the Treasure Island and I just felt that I was rubbing elbows with every person in the casino and lobby. However, my experience at the Encore was more pleasant since the overall property felt roomy. Another thing I truly appreciated about the Encore was the service. Everyone at the concierge desk or check in desk greeted me with a smile and appeared to be very patient when I asked questions about shows and dining. A great touch to the trip was when the kind woman at the check in desk comped our roll-in bed during our 5 night stay. The one thing that really stood out at the Encore was the guests. The guest seemed to dress fairly nice and their appearance seemed a little high class. What I mean is that you rarely saw someone walking around the hotel with a tank top or raggedy attire. . . In terms of dining and shopping, it seemed like the Encore had the best of the best. The shopping esplanade was very high class- a little out of my price range! I didn't eat at any of the restaurants but I feel that they are probably good anyway. I honestly found myself walking over to the Wynn Buffet and eating most of my meals there.. . My only complaint about the Encore is the location. Although it's quite secluded from the heart of the strip which is where all the action is, it's still a far hike to get to the popular hotels and attractions located near like the Bellagio or MGM Grand. But other than that, I absolutely had no complaints.. . Overall, I had a great time at the Encore and I will definitely make sure to book my stays there whenever I return to Las Vegas in the near future.
I cannot say enough great things about the Encore! From the moment you walk in to the hotel you are mesmerized by the beautiful colorful decor. It's so beautiful & clean inside! I couldn't stop looking at all the decor. The outdoor pool ares is great - the staff is very attentive. We rented a cabana for the day & had such a great time. We had an awesome dance party in the cabana and made some great friends!. . Our room was beautiful - best part - THE BATHROOM! Had enough room for 4 girls to do their make-up & get ready all together before a night out on the town! We're planning another trip to Vegas next year and definitely plan on going back at the Encore!
Great stay and outstanding service levels. All rooms are suites and have nice views. Bathroom offers both tub and shower and a small TV screen for viewing. Bedromm has ample space and control pad at bedside for lighting and drapes. Nice work space as well as wrap around sofa in the living area. Wynn did a nice job with this and it truly is an Encore of his original offering.
large room, small casino.  the way I like it
My wife and I stayed at the Encore at Wynn this October based on the reviews we saw on Yelp and other sites. We were NOT disappointed.... . The first thing you notice walking into the Encore is how beautifully it is decorated, bright reds fill the lobby without being overwhelming. The lobby and bar area have almost a calming effect that MAKES you want to stay. We felt immediately relaxed. Check in was a breeze with a friendly and efficent staff, even at 2AM on a Saturday.. . Our room.....was AMAZING! Every room,even the standard King Room is a suite with plenty of space. The room was spotless and tastefully designed with a separate bedroom and living room area. The motorized curtains are a nice touch with beautiful views on the Vegas skyline even from the front of the building. The beds are on the soft side, normally something we dont like, but were immediately comfortable and we had no problem sleeping. The other thing we noticed was how QUIET it was even with the hotel mostly full. I never heard sound from another room the whole time we were there. Its was very restful.. . We did have a chance to use some of the concierge services as the Encore. Breakfasts run on the expensive side (around $40-50 for two), but if you can afford it, I HIGHLY recommend breakfast in your room. We ordered breakfast an it arrived in LESS than 30 mintues. I recommend the fruit parfait (deicious!). Even the whole grain toast was plenty warm and I really like the Wynn coffee. As always the staff was attentive and friendly. . . Rarely do I stay at a Hotel I am sad to leave, but I never wanted to leave the Encore. My wife and I felt quite special there even though we arent "high rollers" by any means. Yes, it can get expensive, but you get what you pay for. You can get discounts on rooms if you know what times of year to check in and specials abound. I would also suggest signing up for the "Red Card.". . In summary, the Encore is one of the BEST hotels on the Vegas strip. Its a MUST STAY!!
Love it!. . Take all the great things about the Wynn and make it newer and fresher...wow.. . The rooms are all suites, they're clean, chic and comfy!. . Throw in Surrender (the identical twin to XS) and you've got a winner!. . I can't wait to come back here ;)
Yes, this IS as good as it gets. We loved it so much, we picked up the video camera and did a quick tour of our suite which I have posted on YouTube. . . Here it is:. . http://youtu.be/LojXZN3oeFk. . First class place, and top quality at every turn. Once again, thanks to Encore for making this trip so very wonderful.
This is the best hotel that we have ever stayed at.  You feel like you are on top of the world.  Huge rooms, nice views, great location.  Can't be beat.
Im in love! AMAZING VIEWS, super nice staff, bedrooms/bathrooms are huge, and its conveniently in the middle-ish of the strip! PURE BLISS AT THE ENCORE AND WYNN!
I've stayed at numerous places in Vegas.. I loved the Encore. Fell in  love with the decor, the plush red in the lobby. Service was fantastic and room was goregous. Food was excellent.The pool scene was great. I'll be back.
I've stayed at a lot of hotels in Vegas, but this is by far the nicest one I've seen. The Hotel is classy yet trendy.  The suite I've stayed at in particular was really gorgeous! Our view of the golf course was breathtaking!! And the bathroom... WOW!! It had a huge glass shower, hot tub, 2 sinks, a vanity and flat screen TV!! I would definitely stay here again!!!!
Beautiful room, amazing view. Worth the money. The kind of rooms you are sad when you have to leave. Hotel staff service was great, the decorations were world class.. . There are plenty of pictures and youtube videos of the Tower rooms we were in, so I do not need to describe it. However, I will say, that when a business pays attention to details, it wins customers! Well-thought out.. . Strange anecdotal note, I noticed many of our co-guests where kind of unfriendly. Not sure if others experienced that.
On our second annual sojourn to the desert oasis of Vegas, we again opted to stay at the Encore. Once again, we were rewarded with a carefree experience and a great view overlooking the golf course from our room on the 61st floor.. . On our first night's stay, we returned to our room to find a gourmet box of chocolates waiting in honor of my wife's birthday (even the box was chocolate). The following morning, I got ready to head down to the hotel gym (yes, I am one of those wackos who exercises while on vacation) only to realize that not one of the 37 different headphones we had brought on vacation fit my iPod nano. Sulking because I would not be able to do dips to This American Life, I checked in at the gym's front desk only to spy a tray of wrapped headphones, free for guest to borrow during their workout. There was a bowl of fruit for guests (my wife had requested an apple, and I had assumed I would need to stop by at one of the restaurants or the sundries shop).. . Now, it's not that I couldn't afford to buy an apple, or head over to the Apple Store across the street to get headphones for the trip. These are just little things that make one's stay at the Encore effortless. I'm already looking forward to our stay next year.
Encore and the Wynn are my hotels of choice when I am in Vegas.  The intricate details of the decor, impeccable service and food make the other hotels on the strip seem sub par.  My family and I have made it a ritual to spend every Thanksgiving at Wynn and most recently Encore for the past 5 years.  Restuarants like Botero, Strata and even the buffet make our stay decadent.  We always spend one night watching the lake of dreams waterfall show while sipping on wicked  cocktails at parasol up and down. The Spa here is top notch. They even have iPod portals on the treadmills. Xs and surrender are musts for a night out.  If you are a guest you may purchase tickets from the concierge.  This pre paid ticket will grant you entrance in the VIP line, which on a busy night will save you and hour wait to get in.
Haven't stayed here yet, but I utterly love the casino, the slots, everything. Love Love Love walking in here, hoping to stay here, hopefully on one of my next Vegas trips.
When we go to Vegas we now stay at the Wynn properties, Encore or Wynn.   These hotels are TOP shelf.  They are beautiful and quiet and they rarely have families or children there.  The casinos are large and open and lovely.  . The rooms are large and beautiful and the hotel staff is amazing.  From the front desk to the concierge to the cleaning people, exceptional. . From the second you check in they call you by your name, and when you need something at the room they are on it. . I like that the hotels are at the other end of the strip from places like the MGM which has gone so far down hill and hosts so many children than I can barely stand to go there anymore, even to the casino. . The casions at Wynn and Encore have such a great filtration system that you never smell the smoke at all.. They have great restaurants, great booze, wine and weight staff including the cocktail waitresses. . I agree with some of the other reviews that they could use a few more tables for gambling, like Pai Gow, but I think as they become more popular and the economy rises they will do this. . The other thing we dont like is the resort fee and that the resort fee does not include using some of the facilities like the weight room and the spa area.  To me if I pay the resort fee than it should give me the priveledge of these areas.  Otherwise you should either up the price of the room or end the resort fee all together, its just obnoxious. . Its nice that they comped us our meals because we spent so much time at the tables gambling and they were super nice about it all.  . So all in all we always have a great experience at these two hotels.  It can be pricey if you go at high times but sometimes you can get some pretty good deals.  . I highly recommend staying in these two resorts.
I only have to walk 2 mins to the check-in counter from self-park? then another minute to the resort elevators??? . . And there is NO SMOKING IN RESTAURANTS!!??  and NO ANNOYING STROLLERS or UNDERAGE TEENS blocking my way to the BAR?. .   I can walk 5 mins to the Wynn buffet and 10 to Fashion Mall.  I love this hotel.  Enough said.
The Encore! Oh yes, it is different than the Winn that I love, but have to say that the rooms and the stay for the three nights here was so so grate..  As always of what we had  expected from staying previously at the Winn, the Encore deliver all our expectations from customer service to having a wonderful stay.. This combo is bad, because when your leaving is so hard to do. you want to think of ways to stay longer.. The rooms were spacious and the glass windows are amazing to sleep and to wake up to. The tub and bath rooms are big and you stay in there for hours.. Soaking, shaving, watching TV while soaking in a 110f  tub, drinking a cold beer! That my think for the morning! . The location and the amenities at the hotel lets you stay the entire time, with out leaving if you want.. I come to relax and this is what I got , time to relax  and get cough up sleeping and recharge. I not sure, but i think the beds and sheets or everything they though about in the room makes rest and relaxing peaceful.. . when i get back to reality, its 24/6 go go go... Thanks Winn and Encore for helping me recharge and escape the grind!
Can I add a sixth star, for the vegan menus in every restaurant on property? I'll soon get time to review the restaurants one by one. In my opinion a wonderful place got even better with fully vegan AND healthy menus no matter where you are at the Wynn and Encore. Note that not all vegan or vegetarian meals are actually healthy with reasonable calorie counts, but at the Wynn and Encore the vegan options were apparently designed to be real food, the kind of food you can live on and eat every day and not have your diet slip. Hooray for that. You don't have to be a vegetarian to try them!
I really liked encore. The minimum bet for Black Jack was 15, but the manager lowered it to 10 upon request since it was a slow night. BALLERS ON A BUDGET  YEAH. . I ended up winning 180, and losing 260 after. Oh well Vegas, I go big and went home. . . The hotel is very clean. The rooms I'd say was basic compare to some other suites around the strip. The wifi isn't free. . . The thing that stood out of the most is, the hotel is gorgeous.
I've stayed at a lot of hotels in Las Vegas and this is by far one of my favorites. Like much of the recently updated hotels on the strip, the Encore features large suites that make you feel like your actually on vacation and not just stuck in a box with a bed. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was very spacious and luxurious. . . My brother and I each received an offer for a free night with purchase of 2 nights, plus $200 of FreePlay!!! We paid $129 for Saturday and $199 for Sunday, which is still really good for a room in Vegas during Thanksgiving and at such a great hotel. So for three nights, we paid $328 for an amazing room, but considering I got back all $200 of my freeplay back and cashed it out, I essentially only paid $128 for 3 nights. Now that's what I call WINNING in Vegas!!
I am at the point in my life where the best friend and I are very much willing to pay more to be comfortable when we travel to Vegas. I've stayed here a couple of times before with a bunch of other people in the room, but on my most recent Vegas trip for my 23rd birthday this month, the best friend and I decided to just get a room to ourselves. We were willing to let friends come to our room to pre-game or just to hang out, buttttt, we weren't down to have others stay in our room in case of drama. Long story, short, it was worth paying more just so we could have our own room, separate from our other friends.. . Anyways, I love Encore. The service here is amazing. On our recent trip, we checked in at around 3:30 and there wasn't a line or anything so we were helped immediately. They very much personalize your trip - I mean, you get your names printed on the key cards! I had booked us a king suite, but the concierge offered to upgrade the suite to have two queen beds instead. Win!  We got to our room and it was huge for just two girls. We had stayed in the king suite before, but with a king bed - the only difference is the small window/wall they have there to separate the living room area and the bed. I like the room we had this time. We had a pretty good view of the Wynn from our room, so no complaints. The bathroom was huge - a spa like tub, along with a shower, occupied one side of the room, while the long marble sink separated the separate room for the toilet. Another thing I love about the Encore are the huge mirrors that are along the entrance of the rooms across from the entrance of the bathroom. We love that because we always end up doing our makeup on the floor in front of them. The beds are VERY nice. It's like sleeping on a giant fluffy cloud! There's other amenities that come with the room too - you have to pay the resort free, which is $25 each night, and included it access to the gym, free wi-fi, and some other stuff.. . The rest of the hotel is pretty cool. Everything is super clean and sleek. There's a few restaurants and bars scattered through out below. Tons of different kinds of tables to gamble at. The pool is pretty nice. There's a normal pool on one side and there's also a "European style" pool. I also like the fact that it's connected to the Wynn so there's even more shops and restaurants to go too.. . The main reason why we love staying at the Encore is that two of our favorite clubs are located right below our rooms! XS is actually in the Wynn, but since the hotels are connected, we still can just walk downstairs and get in line easily. Surrender is our next favorite club and is right downstairs, near the elevators actually. Regardless, we save some money on taxis by staying here and we also save a lot of our time, since if we stayed at another hotel, we'd have to get ready at an earlier time so we can get in line on time. . . Overall, I can't get over how much Encore is my favorite place to stay in Vegas. It's so worth it to spend a little more to stay here and to be honest it's not even that much more if you find a good deal online at a website. Trust, you won't regret it.
LOVE The Encore and love the creator, Steve Wynn.. Like The Wyn hotel, The Encore is Classy and Sophisticated. This includes the casino, restaurants, and the rooms. The Encore is essentially an extension of the brilliant Wynn hotel and casino.. . If you're hiring an escort please note that there is 24/7 security at the elevators. Best place to meet is at the bar directly across from them. This is a better place to hire company than the Wynn as the Valet is adjacent to the elevators and your companion will have fast and easy access to you.. . Fun Fact: Paris Hilton got busted after leaving the famed nightclub, Tryst (located here)
I've stayed here 2 out of 4 trips to Vegas, and this is definitely my favorite hotel so far.  It's walking distance from the hottest clubs, XS and Surrender, as well as the dayclub, Encore Beach Club.  There's a variety of restaurants inside as well as luxury shops, and all of the staff members, from the doormen to concierge to the dealers are all friendly.  You even get your name printed on your key card!  It's also conveniently attached to the Wynn.
Although I did not have the pleasure of staying here, my eyes sure feasted on all that I did get to view.  This is one gorgeous hotel.  It is truly that "notch above," and I'm sure it's reflected in what it costs to stay here.  The word "someday......." comes to mind.  It is sumptuous.  It drips elegance and class here.  I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE the lighting fixtures.  I was a photographing fiend.  The shops were fun to walk through, although I always feel like I don't belong in designer clothing shops.  They just always look at those of us who don't belong there......as if we don't belong there.  Doesn't matter........it was still fun to peruse.  The decor, though, is the thing to behold.  Simply gorgeous.  Like I said..........someday................. . Almost forgot to mention, it was an easy walk between the Wynn and Encore hotels.....well connected and could be done through the hotel interiors.
I love the Encore! It's connected to the Wynn Hotel. I had already booked my trip with the Venetian but next time I think Encore will be my choice! . . The whole decor is fabulous and classy, and all of the clubs an restaurants they have are worth a try at least once! The crowd is also very classy and every body is extremely friendly. Some of the staff felt a little stand off-ish but for the most part they were at least helpful. Plus no one can be perfect so I still give them a solid 5 stars. . . It's also very close to a Walgreens, Sephora, and the Fashion Show Mall. It's food court has a pretty good selection too. it's near the best places on The Strip not to mention that it has the best places on The Strip, so if you're willing - check it out! You won't go wrong! :]
I was comped a free suite here and man was it nice. The room was incredibly comfortable and the view of the strip was fabulous. Also, the service was very fast and incredibly attentive to our needs with a very gracious smile.
The Encore is a GORGEOUS hotel!   We had great customer service, got an awesome deal (299 for 2 nights, 2 buffet tickets & 2 tickets to le reve).  I liked the styling of the room a lot, had a nice view, super deep bath tub, very nice bathroom, amazzzzing bed that was SO comfortable!! I liked that the encore is also connected to wynn, our friends were staying in wynn & it was still convenient to rendezvous since the hotels are connected.  Overall found ourselves not needing to leave too much as far as getting a "strip" kind of feeling, between encore and wynn you really get it all.  They also had very good concierge service.  Le reve was also amazing!  I would absolutely stay here again, especially if we got another great deal like that, super good hotel and a pretty crazy deal for 299.
First time staying here, for my gf's bday. What a great experience! As soon as we arrived got offered help with bags.The bellman took our bags and asked if we had any questions. He suggested the reataurant Botero, excellent choice. Told us where to check in. . . Girl that checked us in very helpful explained all the charges asked us if any requests. Room near elevator got it. Suite is very nice, clean and big. Awesome view. Problem with safe called front desk sent up security, took care of it.. . A refrigerator would of been nice in the suite. The a/c doesn't seem strong enough for the suite. The bedroom area isn't as cool.. . The casino area is kind of small.. . One thing missing is a 24hr restaurant, there's only that Cafe at the Drugstore in the Wynn. And it only serves desserts, pastries, sandwiches and salads. Need some real food at 3am! A starbucks would be good too, instead of having to walk all the way to the Wynn.
My friend was in town for work and told me to come since she had a free room... hey, why not? I've stayed at this hotel before with like 10 girls or so, but it was nice staying in the room with just the two of us. The room was spacious and I had a bed all to myself! The Wynn & Encore are both ravishing. The designers of these two hotels did a phenomenal job all throughout the hotel and casino. One thing I love about the hotels in Vegas is that they like to connect casinos if they're right next to each other. That's awesome because most of the time, you don't even need to step outside. It's great for those blistering hot days or frigid cold nights.. . Another great perk about staying here is XS is within the same hotel. No taxi ride to get there and no need to stand in that horrendous line after the club to get back. Awesome, because my feet are usually killing me after a night of clubbing.. . P.S. Don't even bother wasting your money at Wazuzu. It's very expensive, mediocre Asian food. If you really want Asian on the strip, hit up Noodle Asia (The Venetian) or Pho at the Coffee Shop (T.I.).
I love Vegas, I really do. . . And I REALLY love Vegas when I get to stay at Encore.. . Wow, where do I begin? How about the classy decor, the butterfly tiles, the rich red carpet and fragrant fresh flowers that make a busy casino actually smell GOOD?!. . The food is delicious - room service, Society Cafe, Switch, Stratta for your post-party pizza binge (think that's technically at Wynn but close enough).... you seriously can't go wrong. . . XS is my all-time favorite night club, and with top DJs like Calvin Harris regularly spinning in this glamorous, stunningly beautiful poolside setting, it's no wonder why it's almost always packed. I had one of the best times of my club-going life at Encore Beach Club 4th of July weekend during Kascade's set. So many good memories at this hotel!. . The rooms are fantastic - they are all suites so there is plenty of room for pre-party drinking and shopping-bag storage. Big, comfy beds, nice seating areas and flat-screen TVs = great for lounging and sleeping off that hangover. Large, well-lit  bathrooms create a pleasant environment for make-up application. . . I have never had anything except exceptional service at Encore. My mom, sister and I always stay at Encore for our girls weekends because we feel so pampered and special here! . . My only complaint is I like this hotel so much I'm always a little disappointed when I have to stay elsewhere. That and for some reason I'm NEVER up for even 5 minutes when I sit down at the gambling tables. Oh well, plenty of other activities to keep me busy at this hotel.. . Writing this review is basically guaranteeing that the next tab I open in my browser is going to involve checking prices for my next Vegas get-a-way.. . Steve Wynn didn't make all that money for no reason....if you haven't already, do yourself a favor the next time you are in Vegas and stay at Encore!
Beautiful room and hotel.  This is by far one of the most comfortable stays in Las Vegas.  The rooms are spotless and all the furniture is very new.  Staying at the Encore also lets you get privilege access to XS and Encore beach club in the summer which is major perk.
This is it.. . I'm-a Vegan in Vegas,.. . I'm-a starvin' in Vegas.... . UNTIL NOW! . . Look.  The place is beautiful... and smells nice, and is huge with a fabulous pool, they don't water down the drinks.. blah blah blah.  VEGAN, I TELL YOU!. . The Encore has more vegan options, (no I don't mean salads with fancy names...) They have pastas, burgers, milkshakes, chicken dishes, and everything you can possibly think of.  You can eat vegan, and not even know it! . . I've been around Vegas.  I've done it repeatedly.  This is by far the best.. . Thank you Steve Wynn.  I can stop eating nuts for 4 day stretches!
I've been fortunate enough to stay at the Encore due to business a few times for a week + length. After staying here, I've definitely become spoiled when it comes to hotels. . . My advice - DO stay here if you want impeccable service & to be treated like a Queen (or King). It's a nice departure from your typical Vegas scene. If you want to experience "Vegas" a la Jersey Shore style then this isn't for you.. . I love their large rooms with a sitting area and spacious bath tub. I always make sure to bring a Lush bath bomb to enjoy. . . All their restaurants are amazing, room service is no exception. When staying at Encore, there is no needto leave the hotel. It has everything you could ever imagine.
Best room I've ever stayed in.  Very gracious staff.  Everything is way overpriced but almost worth it.  I will not gamble here again though because it is such a gamble :)
Vegas hotels don't get any better than this!. . My boyfriend signed up for the Wynn gaming card and they recently sent him two complimentary nights in a King suite at Wynn or Encore. We decided to go for Encore and since we usually pass on these deals because they are only good for Sun-Thurs stays, but because President's Day was coming up we decided to go on that weekend. . . I seriously have never stayed in a more luxurious hotel than Encore. The decor, the smell, the cleaniness is more than I could ask for. Our suite was HUGE and we had the most amazing view of the strip. We could also see XS and Surrender from the 26th floor window of our room!. . I think I'm seriously spoiled now and will probably never go back to pay money to stay at other cheapy hotels!
Whats not to love? The rooms are spacious, the bathroom is amazing and I was treated like royalty for a week. The casino is not a busy as others which can be a welcome relief from the craziness of Vegas. . . Some good things to know before you check in: they will want to authorize $150 per day you stay on your credit card for incidentals (its Vegas - no matter where you are they want to charge you for everything). XS, Surrender and various other bars and amazing restaurants are available to you within quick walking distance. I enjoyed the Society Cafe for breakfast and Switch restaurant for dinner. The pools are lovely and you have a quite a few options to chose from! The Fashion Show Mall is right across the street if Louis V, Channel, Hermes and Manolo are not on your agenda.. . Quick tip - for great pizza, ambiance and a good deal, go to the Wynn down the long hallway past all the shops where you will find the Pizza Place - it even has outdoor seating next to a waterfall!. . Will I be back - ABSOLUTELY!
The rooms are spacious and awesome-looking. I like the interior better here than at the Wynn (the theme at the Wynn is..butterflies? There are butterflies everywhere!). . But anyway! They have an AWESOME buffet downstairs (The Buffet), and it was not too smoky inside the casino (very good ventilation). It was super windy outside so the pool was chilly, but it was still relaxing to chill outside with some drinks from the cute servers. :)
Best accommodations in Vegas! Beautiful decor and outstanding service. We we're definitely spoiled. The front desk even sent up a card and delicious complimentary chocolates as congratulations on our promotions. Encore has become our favorite place to stay!
WOW...!!!. Beautiful Room.. Great Service at the Front Desk.. My kids loved the Wynn Resort Swimming Pool...it's BEAUTIFUL...
AWESOME hotel!!! Came in through he week and were offered a suite at the Wynn so of course we took them up on the offer.  The Encore Hotel is just beautiful!  The front desk reception staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  Can't review on the rooms because we moved to the Wynn.
My husband and I stayed at the Encore and we absolutely looved it!  We never had to leave to go to other hotels because everything we needed was right there!  Pool is amazing.  Pineapple mojito is delish!  The rooms were very nice and kept clean.  I will not stay anywhere else on the Strip!
If you want a upscale hotel in Las Vegas that has a relaxing resort feel that just removed from the insanity down the strip, this is your best bet.  Our room on the 61st floor featured a strip view and a view of the entire Las Vegasvalley and the surrounding mountains.  The bathroom is the highlight of the room, its huge.  The beds are very comfortable, perfect for a good sleep after nonstop late night fun in Vegas.. . The Encore casino never gets crazy crowded, but if you want more hype, the Wynn hotel casino just next door is definitely more happening.  After walking along the strip one late evening, past all the craziness near Harrah's, Imperial Palace, etc, it was nice to return to the Encore's laid-back vibe.  If you want a crazy party atmosphere you'll probably find this hotel/casino too quiet and laid back.
This place is sick. . . The decor is beautiful. This truly is a five star resort.  Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. . . The room was amazing, from the lighting to the details of the room was perfect. We booked a panoramic king suite. It had floor to ceiling windows in the living room area  to give an amazing view in the morning and at night. . . The bathroom was huge and the travertine mosaics on the shower floor was exquisite. . . The gym is clean and really busy. One thing i didnt mind was that there were 5 treadmills out of order so as a runner I was a bit annoyed. The gym and wifi access was included in the resort fee so that was nice to use the amenities that you are actually paying for during the stay. . . Overall this hotel is amazing and we will be staying here again!
The service that I received during my recent stay was more than impeccable. I've been staying all over the Las Vegas strip area since the late 80's and I can't say that any service on the strip has been as memorable as this last stay. I've stay with Mirage, Mandalay, Tropicana, Venetian and with a past in working in the hospitality and customer service industry, my expectations were met and beyond satisfied. . . I was lucky enough to receive a thrill promotion in the mail and it just seemed too good to pass up. Thankfully my birthday was coming up so it gave me a reason to come and take advantage of this promotion. When I arrived, the bell man was so wonderful and even thanked me for choosing to stay with the Encore. The checking in process was simple, fast, easy and the lady who checked us in was so welcoming and delightful. She was informative and didn't seem nervous which made the process easy going. The service from bell man, concierge, checking in or out, room service and housekeeping were so spot on. Everything that I requested, was met and when I needed something or had something delivered to the room, an estimated time was always met. I can go on endlessly at how the service was just so wonderful and I can really say that we left wanting to come back again. We've already found ourselves a reason to come back. . . One issue that I while being at the hotel was that when taking advantage of the Red Club Card, the lady there didn't seem welcoming. She seemed irritated and actually, snobby. To be honest, I felt like she looked down upon me because I look young. When I had signed up, she informed me of the free play and after the first 300 points, I could come back to spin the wheel. When I came back later that late night, I won a buffet. She asked if I wanted to redeem it and of course at 1 or 2 in the morning, that wasn't something that I was interested in doing so she put it on my account. Being that I was using my Red Card for everything, the next morning, I went to the buffet and charged it to the room. Upon check out, this charge for the buffet that I had won was not waived. Now, I don't mind the situation too much but just for further guests maybe the Red Club Card team should inform their guests that they will have to come and receive a voucher for a buffet redemption. Personally, it shouldn't have made a difference if I went to the buffet with the voucher or not and the fact that it wasn't waived really upset me. . . Regardless of the circumstance above, the overall stay was wonderful. I hope to have another chance to stay with the Encore/Wynn.
It's quieter, less traffic than the Wynn, if that's what you prefer. It is definitely just as beautiful. All the rooms are suites, with a sitting area. One thing I loved was that your HDTV is adjustable to face your bed...or the sitting area, with just a swivel! . . All the amenities are high quality, and the service to match, whether you want extra towels or room service. Which I have to say was the best room service breakfast I ever had. Ever. I paid a good amount, but completely worth it. . . Nice restaurants, great nightclubs, overall one of the best places to stay in Vegas...
We didn't stay here but spent a good quality of time here. It's really nice and smells better then a lot of other casinos and it's not as crowded. Their parking structure was super easy to find and find parking. The choice of restaurants were great and the service was fantastic.
Recenly stayed at the Encore and thoroughly enjoyed our 4 day vacation. The hotel and rooms are beautifully decorated and maintained. The suites are large, well-appointed and very clean. As an added bonus, the impressive floor-to-ceiling windows boast a beautiful view of the strip. Mr. Wynn certainly knows hotels and it really shows in all of the details that really matter. Everything from the decor to their customer service is top notch. . . The restaurants on the property are plentiful. We especially enjoyed Wazuzu. . . I look forward to staying at the Encore on our next visit to Vegas.
Encore is amazing. . It has to be my favorite hotel in Vegas. It was originally the Venetian, but the Encore won me over. . First off I love the red color everywhere. The hotel is gorgeous, and staying at the Encore, you don't really need to leave your hotel at all, but of course you do. . . You have XS and Surrender, which are both gorgeous clubs, and the encore beach club which is one of my favorite pools in Vegas. . Encore has it all...except a cheap price tag. . But when you do vegas, you have to do vegas right. ;)
Great Hotel.  You definitely feel like you're stepping into a hotel with a Middle Eastern / Far Eastern flare.  Room was great, clean and the view from the 56th floor was spectacular.  . . Only gripe was the long check in.  Encore could do something about how they check people in.  There were 4 people helping a line of 50+ people check in (our check took 45 minutes) and 7 people helping their elite customers (if you were elite, your check in was less than 5 minutes).  So being elite has it perks, especially in Vegas but I would have hoped they could have made the ratio of people checking guest in more proportional.  When I mentioned this to the front desk person, she upgraded us to a tower suite at no additional cost (a $60 value).  So the wait suddenly was a non issue.. . Valet Parking - great.  Self parking very close so you can do either.  Slots paid out better than some other places I've been to on the strip.. . Pool is great.  Fitness center is large.  Your room key doubles as a playing card.  . . Great place.
Have stayed up and down the strip for years and this place is definitely at the top of the list. I have had nothing but pleasant stays here....Steve Wynn has a handle on what makes a hotel run seamlessly. Yes, they do nickel and dime you, which is a Vegas standard, but here I don't mind as much as the experience is so nice. It's akin to being at a Disney property where the "Mouse" has his hand in your pocket all the time....but, you kinda like it.  Maybe if they had a character....Steve the Magic Caterpillar?
Stayed here 3 nights. Checking in was a breeze and the service was great. I was expecting the room to be a little bigger, but overall it was nice.  I forgot my contact lens solution and toothbrush and they brought it up to my room immediately. A couple days later I decided to recheck my hotel bill and saw a mistake, I called them an they fixed it.
Our stay at the Encore was nothing short of wonderful.  After a two week road trip to Austin, T.X. and back, we decided there was no better way to recover than staying in Vegas for a grown up St. Patrick's Day.  . . Parking was ample.  There was no line at check in nor any sort of area roped off for a line.  Check in was ridiculously quick by any hotel standards, but especially by Vegas standards.  . . The suite was not small by any means, but also not the largest that I've stayed in.  The floor to ceiling windows are really what won my heart.  There's something amazing about that kind of a view from a Vegas high rise.  . . The bed was sublime, the bathtub easily fit both my husband and I, the modern design was appealing and classy.  . . While we didn't partake of anything from the "mini" bar we were amused to find that it held not only candy and alcohol, but sexual aides as well.  . . Well done, Steve.  Well done.  . . Pros:  . Separate WC in bathroom. Large Tub. Ample toiletries. Separate shower. Comfy Bed. Quiet room. Amazing views. Name on everything from players card (also your room key) to the telephone. . Cons:  . Casino was lacking in slot machines. At the far end of the strip. Had a woman that was gambling next to me get treated like she was a hooker.  It was so blatant and uncomfortable that I stayed with her a while until her husband came back.
Stunning hotel - the decor is unparalleled, perhaps only Bellagio comes close. The main entrance has vibrant reds, entire hotel has an Asian theme with butterflies throughout. The Tower Suites area is done in vivant greens. Encore boasts natural sunlight, which is priceless in Vegas. Casino is probably the least smoky in Vegas (win).. . Service was excellent - concierge was helpful. Absolute attention to detail: guest name programmed into the TV and phone on arrival. Do not disturb switch is a nice upgrade vs. standard door signs. . . ROOMS (Tower Suites). . Each floor is gorgeously appointed. Rooms are well-done in calm palettes.. . Bathroom was spacious and well-lit. The only issue was the bathroom mirror sconces, which were awkwardly placed right in the middle of the mirror (bizarre) vs. flanking the sink/wall. Amenities were nice.. . Fully mirrored walkway was excellent. Curtains are drawn electronically. Settee area was well-thought out with a good layout. Beds were comfortable.. . Minuses: . - If you're on the Pool side, request 30th floor or higher to avoid the music noise - EBC/Surrender are super-loud day/night. . - Extremely poor reception in the suites - was unable to place any mobile calls from the room. Have never encountered this issue at other hotels.. . CLUBS. . With Surrender (current favorite)/Encore Beach Club (one of the hottest pool scenes right now) and XS (mega-legend) conveniently at the Wynn/Encore, you basically have everything covered.. . SHOPPING. . Esplanades at the Wynn/Encore and Fashion Show Mall (down the street on the Strip) boast plenty of couture labels (2 Chanels, Hermes, Manolo, McQueen etc) within dangerous reach.
It was my first time staying at encore in March and I have to say this place was stunning! My bf and I fell in love with our room. The double sinks, the tub, the shower, and the list goes on! I was offered a 2 night package deal which includes 2 nights stay with 2 tickets to the show La Reve and 2 complimentary lunch buffet. The line to the buffet was too long but the show was very good! I definitely would be coming back here again!
Best hotel in Vegas, from the small-ish Casino, to the bars... Into the beautiful rooms, excellent staff. You are a king in this hotel, and this is why everyone comes back. Attention to detail is the key here, with everything designed and appointed beautifully.
I believe the pictures attached by others can attest to the fact that this place is incredible.  The butterfly decor in the main entrance is a little much for my taste though.  This place has everything residing in one of the Wynn establishments.  Everything is incredible but you pay to live this lavish lifestyle, everything seems to add up quickly, several drinks at any of the bars $100.00+, drinks at the pool $100.00+, breakfast at one of their restaurants $100.00+, shave $100.00, makeup $100+, spa package $$$, dinners $200.00+ .  A nice place to splurge on occasion and enjoy the lap of luxury.  My only complaint is that water backed up into our bath tub and it took the maintenance personnel a couple of days to correct it appropriately.
OK, I have to start a 5 star review in a weird way by saying I will not be able to go back here. The hotel and the surrounding restaurants are way too expensive for me. Think $5.50 Diet Coke! They charged a separate $14 fee for each wireless device I had. (Funny, cheaper hotels give away internet. $250 a night places charge.). . That having been said... This place is first class from the word go. The room was stunning. Remote controlled lights. Amazingly comfortable bed. Big screen TV that swiveled for viewing in bed and living room. Stunning bathroom with soaking tub, great shower, and TV that could be seen from tub. Beautiful view of the mountains and the strip. . . We did not swim, but the pool area was beautiful with beautiful people around it. The grounds and building were super well taken care of. Security at the elevators. The people treated us like royalty. . . If you can afford $60 - $100 meals or go off site to eat then this is an awesome place. If not then go to the Venetion. The rooms there are just as nice for about 2/3rd the price and the grounds have more stuff to do for the average Joe. I was able to do this once because of a convention rate and really enjoyed it.
like Wynn, this hotel is amazing
This will be the 7th hotel that I've stayed at in Vegas and it is definitely up there. Rooms were amazing and spacious (we stayed in a Resort suite). Floor to ceiling windows overlooking the strip. Great decor that doesn't feel dated. I loved being able to access the Wynn too.. . Note, you are staying at a nice hotel so mini-bar, drinks etc are all going to reflect that. . . I was concerned about being all the way at the end of the strip but it wasn't an issue. Cab line was never crazy and let's be honest, I cab all over Vegas no matter where I stay!. . Pool - amazing and never felt too crowded. Great poolside gambling. . Only footnote is you could definitely hear the party happening at XS late at night. If you are doing Vegas proper you should be up too! But if you are going to hit bed early request a room that doesn't overlook the pool.
Really is a nice hotel. I think the lobby and the casino have a nice flare to them. I do believe that they could have done the rooms better for the price though. The TV that you have to turn between the bed area and living area should have been done another way. I don't know like one TV for each room. I blocks out any view you may have while lying in Bed. and just looks ugly. . Just so you know if you get a room facing the Wynn you will have to deal with the sound of XS!! My wife and I were on the 31st floor and we could still hear the club at 4 am. Now I am an old school LA Club Kid, but this was just annoying. We ended up changing our room to face the other side. Just Sayin!. Enjoy!. By the way is it just meor is everybody else getting tired of these BS Resort Fees?
Total class and top notch service
Hands down, one of... if not the best hotel in Vegas.. . This was my first time staying at Encore, and I WILL be coming back. It was my boo's 30th birthday and I wanted to stay in an ultra-chic / semi-fancy / elite hotel. Through alllll my research I found Encore to be the most affordable for how nice it was. After looking through all these travel sites, I called Encore and spoke with a rep. who actually offered me a lower price per night (and I didn't even mention what the prices I saw were!).. . Checking in -- long line, but speedy service. They offer you upgrades, and give you the dl on resort fees, etc. Also, check in was @ 3P & we got there are 1P, they let us check in early... woot!. . Room -- we stayed in the Resort King Suite which was AMAZING! I even did research & looked at some YouTube videos (thats what sold me, but the rooms are even better in person) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWx46XrpFAk - this is the video I watched. HUGE rooms, spacious, big bathrooms, super modern with buttons next to the bed that open & close sheers & curtains & lights. Doorbells for the rooms too, or set your light outside to "private" which lets the staff know to not bother, and disables the doorbell.. . Staff -- beyond helpful. Everyone says hello to you! Going up to your room has a little security/check in where you have to show them your key-card, it's annoying but I understand why they do it. Bell-boys are efficient and valet is super speedy!. . Hotel Perks & Venues - XS, Surrender, Encore Beach Club, Resort Pool, Imaculate Spa area.... this place has it all. The casino itself wasn't too busy which was nice. The grounds are gorgeous and rest assure that this hotel is spotless! The pool area is spacious and has lots of chairs if you decide to go to the Resort Pool.... also, there are lots of girls to tend too your drink needs & there is complimentary water at the pool. (They give you each 2 towels as well)  You will find families at the pool, the beach club is definitely for the younger crowd... but get on the GL unless you want to pay. The "resort fee" supposedly pays for free wi-fi... my phone was connected but connected to nothing. You've been warned!. . Overall my experience was amazing. Apologies for the LONG review, I suppose there aren't enough words to describe how amazing this place is. Note: if you're not in an executive suite there is a $25 daily resort fee... also remember to add in tax too!
In terms of luxury, this hotel can't be beat. No detail is overlooked. Check in was a little long (in terms of the line) but it was courteous and prompt. The room itself was probably one of the best I've stayed in. Huge bathrooms, good toiletries, lots of towels and a comfy robe are all part of what makes the rooms great. I liked how comfortable the sofa and bed were, though the linens could've been a little softer. I've stayed at The Signature where I remember both the tub to be bigger and linens to be more soft and comfortable. . . Unfortunately, I didn't get to try out the pool areas but it looked good from what I saw walking through the Esplanade and into Wynn. My only complaint is that it is a little "off the beaten path" so it'd be best if you expect to just stay within the area or allow for time to get to the other casinos/hotels. Unfortunately, getting to the Monorail also is a little bit of a trek (across the street at the Venetian) so there's also some planning with how to properly allow for travel time to and from places.
Beautiful room with a spacious bathroom that had both shower and jacuzzi, large king size bed, 40 inch flat screen tv, and own work space! Our room over looked xs on the left and encore beach club on the left so we got to listen to Calvin Harris one night and Tiesto the next morning for free! Edc weekend ftw! The atmosphere is definitely a luxury hotel that wasn't full of drunk college students. Though it's one of the more expensive hotels on the strip, it truly impressed me :)
Lunch @ the Encore. Such a 'Divine Pleasure'! I just adore Peacocks!
LOVE.
We had a perfect experience at the Encore. Our room was well thought through, clean and with a great view (we had a bigger room in an upper floor) - and attention to detail.. The service was helpful, and we never had to queue - but there have been huge queues at the reception at peak times on the weekends. The location works well for us. It's at the (current) end of the strip across the street from the Fashion Show Mall. So shopping and getting to the Fremont Street is convenient, and especially on the weekend you are not in the middle of the madness.. We spend some time at the 'European' pool (funny for a European, it means that there might be some skin visible) which was a relaxed experience. Only on the weekend try to avoid to be too close to the loudspeakers if you want to avoid deafness. But we are older than thirty, to be fair.
This review is for the Beach Club only....I've been to a few pool parties in my life but nothing like the one that was here on July 4th. Words can't describe how insane this place was, I mean the service we received at our table was truly top notch. Our server she was ok she did a good job but her helper Carlos was the frickin man!!! He did everything we were thinking about without even asking him and that's why this place has 5 stars from me. On top of all that this club truly is the Vegas experience when looking for a pool party.
Stayed here recently for a fam bam trip.. . This place rocked my socks off. The only negative would be the long wait for the check-in lines (but what good Vegas hotel doesn't have this?!) Encore, like it's sister (or brother) hotel Wynn, is fabulous with a capital F. . . The hotel lobby and gambling area is immaculate, not smokey and modern looking. The rooms are even better. HUGE room and bathroom. Albeit the shower was a wee bit on the small side and the toilet was a bit "higher" than I'd like it to be (hey, I'm only 5'4!), the room was perfect. I loved that you could control the room settings with a switch of a button. With two quick button presses - voila!  Lights out and drapes closed for bed time. . . If you can get a deal (like we did) and not pay full price, definitely stay here (or at the Wynn). But the Encore was the best hotel I've ever stayed at (in Vegas)
Awesome hotel and really nice pools... Recommended!!
One of the most beautiful room I've stayed in. Wonderfully decorated, clean and fresh! I love the doorbell by the way. I love the ability to control the curtains, lights, put up the "do not disturb" all by the touch of a finger in BED! YEA...I need to get one at home. I judge alot of hotel room by their bathroom and I love the bathroom. Roomy and gorgeous! Watching tv while brushing my teeth, heck yeah. An incentive to stand there and brush my teeth for the full 2 minutes, maybe more! Mini-Bar is hella expensive though...Staff there is top notched!. . I really wish Wynn would offer a little more for their guests though. Ghetto as it may be...I still like getting freebies at these sort of resorts. I mean I got them staying at Venetian and it was soo much cheaper. . . I would definitely stay here again but so many more resorts to try before I decide on my favorite.
The Encore is the standard by which I compare all others hotels too. Hands down, from check-in to check-out,  from the valets to the house keeping staff and everyone in between this is absolutely the best hotel bar none and the only place I ever stay in Vegas.
Had a room on the 64th floor, gorgeous view of the mountains in the morning. The hotel has an old money feel to it, not very hip but top of the line all the way. One wall in the room was just a huge mirror, this made the room feel huge and made for a great night. There was some top notch shopping (Hermes) as well. Overall you can't ask for me in a Vegas resort.
Encore performances often are just quick hits to pacify the fans with one last song before calling it a night, but the Encore Hotel is a 2nd verse as good as the first. It matches its sister the Wynn with class, fun, and style.. . Elegant Rooms and Amenities. Nightclub Nirvana at XS. Complete Customer Service. Outstanding Beach Club. RItzy Casino and Stakes. East Asian Atmosphere. . If you are planning to hit Surrender, XS, the Encore Beach Club, or any of the things at Wynn like Le Reve or Tryst then it's hard to imagine a better place to stay than Encore Las Vegas.
I absolutely love the Wynn and Encore...by far the best hotels in Vegas. Mr. Wynn has classy taste and know how to provide the best food, entertainment, decorations, and rooms.. . Encore's suties are stunning with mirrors everywhere and modern furniture with plenty of space. Encore beach club is amazing, you feel as if you are not in the USA. Casino is very elegant with butterflies and red chandeliers everywhere. . . My favorite restaurant is the SW Steakhouse, great food and an unbelievable ambiance, try to sit outdoor infront of water fountain.. . If you are looking for elegance, high quality, and a peace of mind, Encore/Wynn is the place.
The panoramic room upgrade was really nice on floor 62.  Wifi worked fine for us and was included in the resort fee, though you have to click through some web forms that tell you as much.  There is no floor 40 - 49 so it's not as quite high as it sounds, though still an awesome view North to downtown and the mountains.  The view seemed to put my lovely date into a very romantic mood, so good times were had - and the room mirrors seemed to multiply the visual pleasures.  We turned in well after midnight but heard no club thump at our level/side though I knew in advance that the party was on with Diplo spinning.  The gym room was nice and big, open 6A to 8P.  Heavy on machines and treadmills but still enough room and apparatus (free weights, kettles, bands, balls, etc.) to train strength and functional stuff with my trainer/wife, so that experience worked out well.  We didn't see all of the resort in our two night stay, but what I did see, I liked and there was a lot to look at.  The giant hanging fresh flower balls in the atrium were impressive and demanded photos be taken.  Wazuzu food sucked in my opinion and sundries store items were crazy money expensive but those are minor complaints.  Society cafe breakfast was excellent by contrast, though not cheap.  I also dug the Alexander McQueen shop at Wynn with the stylee skull themed gear - though I could barely afford an accessory there, I wanted to buy more.  The resort location rocked, close to the classier end of the strip, adjacent to the Fashion show and Palazzo.  I didn't drop a penny at the casino, but witnessed many other people appearing to enjoy that side of it.  Consensus is that we had a great time on our short stay.
Absolutely gorgeous hotel! Staff were always very friendly. I love all of the venues in this hotel - the nightclubs had good DJs (including Will.i.am.!!!), the restaurants had amazing food. The rooms were gorgeous, especially the bathrooms. I love the showers. The tub, everything!!! . . The buffet at the Wynn was my highlight of great places to eat for the price you pay! But for the higher end places, I loved Society. . . The pools were amazing, too! . . I would stay here again!
This is by far the best looking casino resort in Vegas!!! . . . Upon walking into the lobby, I was surprised by how dreamy and sexy it  was with red chandeliers and dramatic ceiling decorations. . The service is flawless. Tons of securities/staffs stand by the corners eager to help out if you are lost or have any question. Hotel key check prior to entering the elevators makes me feel very safe staying here. . We got a suite and I couldn't be happier staying here. It's very clean, sleek and modern with a remote control by the side of your bed that controls everything in your room. The bathroom is large with tons of counter space for my makeup... It's very very quiet as well, you can't hear a peep while in the room.  . . After 8pm, it's a show downstairs... many hotel guests dress to the 9s with sky-high heels and flirty dresses. Awesome for people watching!!! Did I mention that there are some of my favorite stores right in the hotel? Hermes, Chanel...etc. Very convenient when you need an extra cocktail dress or forget to bring your cufflinks with you. The SPA is really really wonderful as well. . . Will definitely stay here again. (Those little outfits on the waitresses is definitely the best in Vegas!) ;). . Wynn, you did Vegas good!
Luxury at its finest. From the moment I arrived here, I was awestruck. From the awesome customer service, to the gorgeous lobby and casino layout. The rooms were awesome, and the pillows and blankets were EXTREMELY comfortable. I was tempted to take that blanket with me. The pool was simply perfect, and it was great to be able to go straight from the gym to the pool. This is also a great place to stay at if you want to go clubbing. My only complaint is that now I feel bad because I feel as if I'm cheating on the Venetian :(
Love this Hotel!  The best stay I had with my BFFs from college!  A week to remember forever!!!  The Panoramic Suite was fabulous!!!
Damn! What can I say about the Encore? It's amazing! The ambiance is great. There are plenty of shops and restaurants to choose from between the Encore and Wynn as well. The staff was very helpful and polite. It is definitely by far the best place I have ever stayed at. Between the food and all the things to do there, my wife and I were kind of sad we had to leave haha. It's pretty apparent that they aim to please here. It's one of those places you have to go and experience for yourself. We will definitely be staying here again during our next trip to Vegas. 5 stars for you Encore!
AMAZING TRIP!!!  Would highly recommend staying here.  It's young, fun, chic, hip, simply amazing.  Will for sure be coming back.
A truly spectacular hotel/resort in Las Vegas. My 8th trip here and we never left Encore and Wynn!!! We experienced 4 of your restaurants, the pool, Sports betting area (Go Wings!!) and our rooms to the fullest.. Thank you for a Five Star experience for a 3 Star price!!
What a fabulous hotel!!!! Best hotel room I've ever stayed in...period! I've flown well over a million miles and stayed many places including Ritz Carlton's, Four Seasons, 5-star resorts in Hawaii, and the room I stayed in here topped them all. The bed itself is to die for! You can actually buy it at the Home Store in the hotel and I plan on it. I slept better than I ever have before. Everything in the room was top notch, very high quality and great design, just like the entire hotel. I haven't stayed at the Venetian or Pallazo yet, so I can't compare. I am staying at Caesars now, and my room at the Encore was vastly superior in every way. The Encore is more expensive per night Han the other hotels on the strip, but you get what you pay for. You owe it to yourself to check it out at least once.
An elegant option while you are in Las Vegas, the Encore seems much more 'intimate' than the next door Wynn.  Though you still get the normal influx of visitors Thu-Sun, no matter the time it seems like the Encore is much less crowded than the Wynn.  You still get to enjoy the Wynn amenities with the two being connected and just a short walk away, but if you are looking for a little less crowd and a little more elegance the Encore is the place to go.  Loved our stay and it has now turned in to our 'go-to' Vegas hotel - hands down.
Took mom to Vegas for her B-day and I couldn't have picked a better hotel!!! We reserved the resort suite and it's exactly as shown in the website. http://www.wynnlasvegas.com/Rooms/EncoreTowerSuites/TowerKingSuite. . The room is about 750-800 sq ft so it's more than enough room for 2.. . Great staff and the entrance into the elevator is guarded and they do check room key so it's safe.  If you are going to Le Reve, it's really a short walk. The pool is AWESOME!!  the European pool is topless pool  =P  (def. NOT going with mom... lol!). . the food at the hotel is great, I honestly have nothing bad to say about the hotel and the stay here.  Next time I'm bringing my golf clubs!
This pool is incredible!!! Way better than the pool at the Venetian. The crowd is a lil older here, as is the music that is played, but it is so much more relaxing. I can lay out without feeling like I'm being creeped on from every angle. . . There is a shade section and a sunny section. The cabanas are two story!! Perfect for a bachelorette party!!
Still a 5-star experience on our 2nd stay at the Encore. This was our 9th trip to Sin City, so we didn't do the whole shebang of walking The Strip. Been there, done all that-- clubbing at XS, PURE, Tao, Cirque de Soleil shows. This time we chilled and vegetated within the grounds of Encore/Wynn and we were still kept entertained. Steve Wynn must have envisioned to build a city within a city when Encore/Wynn were constructed.. . At the pool you will see guests who are classy adults. No college kids or spring breakers type! Definitely a nice classy environment. Comfortable and padded sun chairs, complimentary chilled water, and European (topless optional) pool. The servers are always walking around making sure they are available to take your drinks order while lying by the pool.. . This time round our suite was facing the strip so it was quiet. Last year, we had a pool-facing suite which was also on the same side as XS nightclub and could hear the music thumping from the room. . . I miss Encore already! Why can't I live the fantasy life of Vegas forever.... . p/s: See my first review of Encore for a more detailed review.
Recently we stayed at the Encore for our first visit back to the Vegas area in about 12 years.  We were pleased BEYOND our expectations of the room, pools, restaurants and grounds. Special kudos goes out to their dinner buffet as the vast variety certainly did not impact the quality.  We were less pleased with the amount of "play time" seen in both the Wynn and Encore casinos, but that's gambling!  . . The suite with it's ceiling to floor glass looking over the strip and golf course provided outstanding views 24 hours a day.  The large marble bathroom and extensive seating area gave the room that overly large feeling.  As a person who travels extensively for business, it certainly was a pleasure to be in a room that didn't fit the cookie cutter mold of most hotel chains.  It was a bit loud when the Beach Club was thumping away beginning on Thursday afternoon, but it still didn't damper our experience.. . We got great rates on the room as this trip was planned well in advance, allowing us to take advantage of the 60+ days notice.  Plans are already in the works to revisit Vegas in another year and the Wynn/Encore has already been selected as our destination.
Oh Encore... I stayed here on my 10th trip to Vegas, and you are hands down my favorite hotel on the strip! . . This beautiful hotel is amongst favorites for an older crowd, for its exquisite beauty and elegant charm, and favorites for a younger crowd like myself, for its natural class and convenient location. . . For a married couple on a romantic getaway, you can relax by the European-style pool with classy adults rather than college kids, also includes a black jack tables for gambling outdoors. You can catch one of Las Vegas' most beautiful shows Le Reve at the Wynn next door. You can eat at various classy restaurants located within both Encore and the Wynn.. . For a young and fun crowd, you can hit the Encore Beach Club during the day (keep in mind, though you're staying in the hotel, you may still have to pay). If you need alcohol or chasers, there's a liquor store just behind Encore that's walking distance.  It's also next to a Walgreens if ladies need last minute supplies like eye lashes, to-go flats, etc. If you're on a low budget, walk over to Fashion Show Mall and eat at the Food Court, with many food choices that doesn't go over $10. Then, party at night at various clubs to choose from that are just walking distance! No taxi needed.  Surrender, Tryst (at Wynn), and of course, the infamous XS! And the King Suite with an additional bed was actually able to fit 8 people (ladies I mean). . . - Elegant hotel and rooms. - The full customer service. - convenient location for the hottest nightlife and day clubs, convenience stores, and the Fashion Show Mall. . Staying at Encore is definitely worth your money and experience in Viva Las Vegas! :)
It's all suite. The room me and my boyfriend stayed in for 3 nights was beautiful. with a nice view of the golf course and downtown. the minibar was neat but they have sensors and if you touch anything there they will charge $25... this is the worst i can say about this place. . . walk through the shopping stores and you will find yourself entering Wynn, the Wynn brunch buffet was totally awesome! this is the place for breakfast lovers! i recommend it to all. but it's very pricey especially on the weekend. make sure you're hungry!. . VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR DRINKERS!!!  free booze if you gamble. if you just stay at their bar, my bf ordered bloody mary and i ordered mojito they charged us $28 for both. and when we were playing the penny slots they served alcohol for free! lol! free booze even if you just pretend to gamble! very important information!. . the pool area was a great place to chill and just relax and enjoy your stay. . . the hotel is located across the fashion mall, treasure island, and venetian/palazzo. it's at the end of the strip... the advantage... no traffic!!! it only takes about 30 - 40 mins to walk the whole strip (one-way) good exercise!!!. . SERVICE IS GREAT!!! this is one of the priciest places to stay in Las Vegas but if you ever receive complimentary room offers... better take advantage (like i did for our 3-night stay) because it's $299+ a night! AND AN HONEST ADVICE... Encore IS MORE LIKE FOR ADULTS. I DIDNT REALLY FIND ANYTHING ENTERTAINING FOR KIDS. BUT CIRCUSCIRCUS IS JUST A COUPLE BLOCKS AWAY :). . LASTLY.... THE SUITE ROOMS ARE SO EFFIN' AWESOME! I CANNOT COMPLAIN! JUST DON'T TOUCH THE MINIBAR IF YOU DON'T WANNA GET CHARGED EXTRA!
Just finished four spectacular day's at Encore. My husband and I stayed at Encore from Thursday to Monday. This was our first stay at a Wynn property. Previously we have stayed at Belagio,The Hotel at Mandalay and Palzazzo. This was by far our favorite. Everything from restaurants to pools were excellent. We did venture over to a few other hotels Fri and Sat night but we were very glad to be returning to the serenity of the Encore.
After staying at Wynn, I got an invitation to come back and stay at there new hotel Encore and the rates were cheaper then the usual $179 daily rate at $119, so I couldn't resist and booked it right away. I heard the Encore was suppose to be a notch above the Wynn and as always Steve Wynn outdoes his previous resorts and it definitely shows with Encore. . . This hotel fits the definition of class and elegance! There was nothing I could fault with the design and style and the service from the staff is 5 stars all the way just like the hotel. Valet and bellman were very professional and gave us information about the new Encore being a 5 Star hotel and information about dining and nightlife. Our room was at the top of the hotel just below the expensive suites and had an amazing view of the the Wynn sign just by our room window and the top of Treasure Island, Mirage and the view of the Palazzo pool.. . The difference between Wynn and Encore is the Encore is an all suite hotel just like THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. Our room was very spacious with the living room and L shaped couch, floor to ceiling windows, 1 big flat screen TV that can rotate to the bedroom and living room and a mirrored wall makes the room look much bigger. I'll admit walking back to the hotel from the strip can hurt your feet but after visiting the other hotels around the center strip, it just feels like you've entered another world much different then the crazy strip full of tourists and some drunks. The atmosphere here is calm, relaxing, upscale, heavenly and the clientele are well mannered, educated and trendy.. . The pool area is smaller then the Wynn's pool but it gives you that intimate feel and they have a European topless pool behind the regular pool. The Parasol Up and Parasol Down Bar was great to just have a cocktail and do some people watching also at night you have a great view from the balcony to watch the lake show. I haven't tried Surrender or XS yet. Restaurants here are not cheap except for the drugstore cafe and the buffet but you have other dining options such as the Fashion Showmall food court and the Denny's is just walking distance north of Encore with a CVS. . . I'll admit Encore is not cheap but it's nice to just spoil yourself once in a while. I would definitely stay here again or to just walk around to the Wynn complex and just spoil my senses.
There isn't anything about the Encore I don't love. FYI, im a huge hotel snob. It's five star all the way. There is a huge variety for dining. The lobby is very luxurious with alot to do and see. Many bars, piano bar, lounges, sushi bars etc. restaurants galore! Shopping everywhere! Amazing views of all kinds... From statues and sculptures to waterfalls, fountains , gardens etc. the rooms are very clean and super nice. Everything is five star. The beds are super comfy. The staff is friendly. The casino is nice. Not to packed and not to dead. I love this hotel and it is actually one of my favorites in Las Vegas. Will definitely be back to Encore! Highly recommend.
For my birthday weekend, I simply could not refuse an all inclusive triple threat package offered by the esteemed Wynn resort, which included complimentary tickets to Le Reve, room upgrades at the hipper and edgier Encore suites, VIP access to XS and free buffet! I know, It was pretty much a no-brainer in my book.  . . Upon arrival at the Encore, parking was a breeze! Complimentary valet had me out of my car and in the registration line in a snap! Speaking of registration, I was convinced to "upgrade" my existing upgrade to a 60th floor panoramic suite. I know, I'm weak, but i'm glad I gave in! The upgraded room was magnificent! It came with an expansive living space with two plush queen beds, large bath with shower and separate soaking tub and outstanding views of the Las Vegas strip!  And who can forget about the remote controlled curtains and bathroom TV ;)  Tack on top of that premium gaming options, the exquisite resort grounds, and exceptional dining options, which include sumptuous tapas at La Cave and spectacular brunch fare at Tableau, and you've got yourself one happy birthday boy!   VIP access to the hottest clubs on the strip like XS and Surrender and premium shopping at premier boutiques like Hermes, Chopard & Louis Vuitton doesn't hurt either.  If golfing is your thing, Steve Wynn's got the largest 18 hole golf course on the Strip!  . . Honestly, I practically spent my entire weekend here and rarely felt the need to ever leave the grounds. Now that's not an easy feat for any resort given all the tempting hotel and entertainment options out there!  . . Happy Times!
The check-in/out folks were awesome.  Very personable and very nice.  Five stars of that experience.  We had one of the king suites on the 34th floor.  It was nice and there is nothing much to complain about except in our room, there was some gooey sticky stuff on the door.  I should've told them about it but I didn't so it's my own fault but it wasn't bothering me at all.  I just think they should have some sort of check system for that.  The suite is smaller than in the Venetian but it's about par as far as amenities and comfortability goes.  I liked the ambience of the hotel, too.
Stayed at Encore Tower Suites for 3 nights in parlor suite. What an experience. Apart from private enterance and exclusive access to hotel, room was amazing. We were on 18th floor. Rooms are immaculate and exquisite in all aspects. Room service was superb.. . Essentially you get pampered like a king. This will be our to go hotel in Vegas.
Wow!! my boyfriend booked a suite for just the two of us! and boy it was soooo divine! from check in, to walking to the elevators, to up the elevators, to the beautiful hallways, and to OUR ROOm!!! The decor is amazing! King size bed! never wanted to leave bed. sofa and a whole diff room. (look online if you want to see how it looks) but it will not diasspoint you! Bathroom is crazy!! you even get your own bath scale!. . It was the best hotel we stayed in thus far! 2nd would be venetian!
My boyfriend and I stayed here for Thanksgiving for the first time this year. We got bumped up to the top floor (63rd) facing the strip. The room was absolutely stunning-- we didn't feel guilty about spending time in it. Very relaxing. All of the workers in the hotel always had a smile on their face, and were happy to answer questions. Can't wait to stay here again in the future.... wouldn't go anywhere else!
So pleased with everything about this place. From the spotless rooms to timely customer service, I was never once let down. . . Staying at my share of places, I usually expect one or two things to be off. Either the room isn't 100% clean or it takes staff 2 hours to bring something to your room. None of that here!. . Got a king suite and it was spotlessly clean from top down. The sheets impeccable. Even asked for a humidifier and got that in 30 minutes. . . Stayed on the 60th floor and it was extremely quiet. No waking up at 5am to dunkards stumbling back to their rooms. Not a sound from anyone around and I slept like a baby. . . It's definitely one of the higher priced hotels on the Strip but it's worth every penny. If you are looking to chill in your room, I'd save up and come here.
Husband and I stayed here for Thanksgiving and through the weekend.  I think we may have started a new family tradition!!  I have had the most wonderful, pampered time staying here.  From the moment you walk into their Hotel your senses are aroused by this beautiful fragrant air. . . We stayed in suite 6235 with a panoramic view of the Northern part of The Strip. You walk into the Foyer... there is a Foyer!  The HUGE bathroom has a toilet closet, dual sinks, a lighted magnifying mirror, super large tub and a glass enclosed shower.  2 comfy and soft bathrobes, a weight scale, hair dryer and the best smelling bath wash, conditioner and shampoo.  There is also a large closet with drawers in the closet of the hallway.  The windows were floor to ceiling in the livingroom area.  The livingroom also had floor to ceiling mirrors and a comfy couch with an attached chaise lounge.   There was a big screen tv in the room divider that swiveled into the bedroom area.  The bed was large, the mattress (which you can buy) was so comfy, plenty of pillows and a comforter/duvet.  On the side table there was a console where you can control the lights, the blackout shades for the panoramic view and the sheer curtains as well. . . Staff was very nice and so good!!  One gentleman had pressed the elevator door for us and held it... he just saw us walking down the hallway.  He didnt ride with us, he just called the elevator and waited.  Very cool!  . . We toured the resort but the pool was closed for the season.  The Spa looked great.  One of the clubs had a line and from teh looks of it it looked like Prom.  They looked so young! haha  . . I played slot machines and I had won and then stopped.  I used our room card to gained points and I received a free buffet!  (WHICH WAS JUST AS AWESOME!!!!!!!)  . . The location was towards the end of The Strip.  but it made it easy for when you take a cab back to the hotel by not using The Strip.  It was also across from Fashion Show mall, so we were able to join in the frenzy of Midnight shopping Thanksgiving night.  Didn't buy anything because why bother spending money on shopping for Christmas gift and not use it for fun in Vegas!  . . Encore was and so far is my favorite place in Vegas!!  Can't wait for next year!!!
Just love Hermes Store here lol
Excellent hotel!   Especially love the pools here during the Summer months.  The Spa at Encore is much larger than the Wynn.  Great place to chill and relax before a nice dinner at Botero.
We stayed in the double king suite with a panoramic view.  It was amazing!  The room was so spacious.  We had two sofas, 2 king beds, several small tables, a large desk, and a huge bathroom with shower and soaking tub.  It was the perfect place to crash after goring on food and falling into multiple food comas.  The beds were really comfy.  The panoramic view was really nice.  We really felt VIP staying here.
Stayed in September 2012.  Always enjoy the Encore.  Room is always quiet and has a great view.  Housekeeping always keeps the room clean.  Spa is wonderful also, Lisa V gives the best Good Luck Rituals!  Actually first thing I book after room.  Restaurants are pricey as other yelpers state.  Society Cafe has great meals though. . I think I've always had good service staying at the Encore.  I can't wait to go back!
This hotel is probably the cleanest, nicest, and well decor-ed hotel my husband and I ever stayed at. We booked this hotel through a travel agency, and we did get a lot of discount. Because we paid much less than the regular price, we weren't really expecting the nicest room. However, we did ask the girl at the front desk if we could get the highest and quietest room possible. She replied that we already had the highest and quietest room available. It was nice to hear because we were ready to tip her $20 for upgrading our room. (We heard about the trick..but we didn't end up trying it). . . There are I think 63 floors total, and we stayed at the panoramic room on the 62nd floor. The windows were toward the other side of the strip, but we still got a nice view, and the floor was definitely quiet compared to the lower floors. The bathroom is roomy and clean, with all the necessary amenities for free. The room itself is extra spacious and their bed is SUPER comfortable. Their pillows feel like heaven. I almost wanted to purchase them if I could, and I think you could if you ask. . There was a minibar in our room that had small bottles of alcohol and soda cans. Be  cautious- they cost maybe 5 times the regular price outside, but if you feel lazy or too thirsty, go for it.. just remember the 60 second rule, if you remove a certain merchandize(candy, soda.. etc) for more than 60 seconds, they will automatically charge them under your room number.. . Their Casino is very modern and clean. We were mostly playing at the Wynn Casino, so I can't really review on the Casino here at Encore- I bet they're close to the same. Just by glancing, there were more tables over at the Wynn, and that's where most people play. The check out was smooth, gave us plenty of time to get up and pack our luggage..  We loved our overall experience here at Encore.
Love this place! its a Steve Wynn hotel. Need i say more?
This hotel is first class all the way.  Clean, elegant, and the people there treat you incredibly well.  Concierge service is second to none.  All you have to do is ask, and they're able to help you with whatever you need.  Maps, tickets...they will do their best.  Room was on the 62nd floor, panoramic King Suite...just perfect.  Steve Wynn does it the right way.  I'm forever loyal to the Encore and Wynn.  I will not stay anywhere else.
Definitely my favorite hotel in Vegas.  I don't stay there every time I go to Vegas (as it can be pricy) but when I get the chance it's an absolute treat. The hotel inspires me and its amazing what a couple days there can do to uplift me!
I consider myself a Vegas expert.  My rating of this hotel includes conflict-management of the staff.  Hotels get complaints hourly, if not every minute.  And being in vegas, controlling the drunk, rowdy, and obnoxious patrons is a handful.  A hotel staff that can immediately respond to your inquiries and your needs - that is a hotel that deserves  5 stars.. The room is spacious, chic and modern.  The bathroom is a woman's dream, and the beds are beyond comfortable.  However, what takes this hotel over the top is staff.  Concierge is quick responsive and accomodating.  They speak to you kindly, calmly, and patiently untilthey accertain what you need and how they can help.. During our stay, we had housekeeping enter our room two times while we were in the room, with the "do not disturb' light on.  Clearly, not acceptable.  But upon notifying front desk of the issue, within minutes, the manager called, went through his computer and confirmed a key card entry into our room at the noticed times, and he instantly took care of the situation.  I was impressed by his professionalism, his timing and his character.  He apologized, tried to rectify it, and made it clear that this was NOT acceptable at his hotel.. Stay at Encore if you want 5 star experience.
"How did we get to XS again? Did we wait long for a cab?". "No we just walked downstairs, remember?". "Oooohhhhhhhhhhh. oh yeah.". . Beautiful. Classy. XS. I love Encore.
Beautiul hotel or the north end of the strip.  All the luxuries you need spa, restaurants and pools.  Not to mention clubs and casino
Stayed at the Encore last weekend with another couple - a grown-ups weekend away from the kids, jobs, etc....that pepper our daily lives.  So, we wanted a classy, escapist setting that would allow us to do just that - escape!. . We arrived and were offered the option to upgrade our 19th floor king suites to 59th floor king suites - we said, yes, please:)  We had the north strip view of Circus Circus, etc...which wasn't that great.  However, the views of the environs, such as the hills and beyond were lovely.  As a bonus on a busy weekend, these suites were quieter than the ones that faced the south strip.  I'd heard that XS could be heard until the wee hours of the morning, so we hoped to avoid that by going to the 59th floor facing north.  This was a great move, as we heard nothing, nada, zilch the entire stay. . . Once we explored our suite, we changed at went to dinner.  Sinatra was just off the elevator and we were pleased to be seated promptly for our 8pm reservation.  I will review Sinatra separately, however, our experience there was overall very positive.. . After dinner, we walked around the casino, and decided to gamble elsewhere, as you don't want to learn a new table game or two with $25/$50 minimums:(. . After a late night out, we called it a night and retired to our gorgeous suite!  Yet, we awoke about 3 hours later because the room was so darn hot!  I love a cool room to sleep in, but my husband requires it.  He is so hot (pun intended) that he needs a darn good air conditioner!  This one wasn't up to the task. I cranked it as low as it would go - 60 and full fan.  Finally we went back to sleep once it was a little cooler in there.. . Morning came - and we ventured downstairs to Society Cafe.  A bit of a wait at 11am, but not too bad.  A great breakfast there!  The Apple Pie Sticky Bun was divine, as were the Eggs Benedict.  The breakfast potatoes were OK.  Coffee was wonderful - and we were even able to take a cup to go.. . We explored the Wynn a bit - window shopped - picked up Le Reve tickets - etc...we met our friends for lunch.  As they were already waiting at Society Cafe, we met them for lunch.  Lunch was even better than breakfast!  The Wagyu Pastrami was so delicious that I was wished we hadn't split it - I wanted it all for myself.  However, the sweet potato fries kept me happy for a while as well.. . We went shopping at Wynn, did some gambling, stopped for a gelato at Sugar and Ice, people watched, etc...before we went up for a nap.  The room was perfectly cool (thank goodness!) so we napped, took a bath in the fabulous tub and then dressed for a night out.. . Dinner was at SW Steakhouse at Wynn.  We were really bummed that the patio was closed due to weather - as we booked this restaurant for the water view/show.  However, our disappointment vanished once the food started arriving.  Such an indulgent experience!  Truffles everywhere - wine was flowing - desserts came on trees, etc...We're glad we booked an early reservation as it took a leisurely 2 hours and 45 minutes. . . After dinner, we had another cocktail at Parasol Down while we watched the water show.  It was a nice treat to see, but I don't think it is worth making a special trip for.  . . We went to the Wynn theater for Le Reve - as I've seen every Cirque show in Las Vegas, I pretty much knew what to expect.  However, I loved the theater in the round seating that the Wynn has.  And, contrary to some Cirque shows, Le Reve was very easy to follow as the storyline was clear.  A great show.. . After Le Reve, we went for cocktails at Botero.  This is just down the hall from XS - so I thought it was going to busier than it was - but there were just a handful of tables there.  We all tried cocktails off the specialty menu - some were hits, and some were misses.  We all agreed that the Paloma cocktail was the best of the bunch!  . . Another late night - leading to another restful stay in our suite.  The bed was quite nice - firmer than I am used to, but delightful linens helped me adapt:)  . . Alas, it was time to leave the next morning - but I had to take another dip in the tub.  Fantastic!. . Things that we might have changed:. The bedroom and living room should be flipped.  The living room was much cooler than the bedroom.  it should be the opposite.  Plus, the view should be from the bed, we thinks!. The light/shades controls should have two locations.  If you're in the living area, you should be able to control things without having to go the bedroom.. . Overall, we loved our stay at Encore.  Both couples loved having most anything we wanted within the complex, without having to find other diversions.  For couples looking to relax and indulge - it definitely hit the spot.  I also loved the fact that the inclusions that came with our package were automatically removed from the bill.  We didn't have to double check - ask a manager - quibble or grovel.  Our show tickets and dining credits were attended to as if by magic!  . . Great stay!
I stayed at the Wynn some years ago, for work, and loved my stay there, except for the work part.. This time I checked out Encore, and this time it was for fun.. A well appointed 745 sq ft room.  I love the flat panel tv in the bathroom.. . The large flat panel in the room swivels, so you can watch from the bed or the sitting area.. I could not find the remote for the curtains.  I asked about it at checkout, and was told there's a console that controls the curtains, tv volume.  I just didn't see a console, in three nights stay.. . The Wynn resort is a class act.  They keep everything up in tip top shape.  From the parking structure, to the entrance from the structure.  This, not the valet area, is where a hotel shows its true colors.. . What I really didn't like was the blonde older woman at the ticket desk where I picked up my Le Reve tickets.  She was snobby, unfriendly, unhelpful, she made me feel like I was a bother. She should not be anywhere near the hospitality business.  She was horrible.. . The Wynn needs to have a better variety of food options.  More casual dining, an excellent bakery, better high end restaurants.  Also, it was a nice convenience that the Lobby Bar at Encore (directly next to the guest elevators) serves coffee, tea, and pastries in the mornings.  But the tea was $6.  $6 for hot water and a tea bag.  That's a little over the top in the rip off department.. . But I love the Wynn.  I love all the big flowers in the carpet and decor, it's my favorite decor of all the hotels on the strip.  And I love that everything is immaculate.  Even the slot machines area, everything is clean and tidy.  Everyone, except for that horrid ticket lady, was friendly and helpful, particularly the woman who checked us in.. . P.s.  I requested a room with a view of the strip.  We got a room on the 27th floor.  I was advised that you can hear the club (Surrender or XS, one of them) from the room.  I kind of didn't believe it.  Boy was I wrong.  I could hear the bass all the way up there.  But we liked the view, so instead of changing rooms, I just drank heavily at night. Ha.
Dear Mr. Wynn,. . We recently stayed at your hotel for the first time for three nights over the weekend of 2/22/13. My wife and I really loved your hotel! The attention to detail is wonderful. The design and decor was very elegant and modern. Every part of the hotel was impeccably clean.  The service was outstanding! We can't wait to come back on the next trip. Thank you so much for building such an awesome hotel!. . Sincerely,. Chris
I had the pleasure of staying at the  ENCORE Hotel and Casino on the 5th-8th of February and just love my stay . This Hotel has class written all over it , beautiful decor , my favorit color red all over the place , i was just in paradise . The staff was very friendly and well trained any question asked was answered . I met my host Jannet  Sandor , what a sweet lady and always there when i needed help , they other host were just as friendly . The room was perfect , every thing one would want in a luxurious atmosphere , i was very pleased . I didn't get to play as much as i usually do , i was networking and met many people always a good thing . I ate dinner at SINATRAS , The dinner was fabulous took my pic's and video and enjoyed the delicious meal also got to hear the master Sinatras music , im a singer so the atmosphere was great .I also met a wonderful lady Jen that made the evening even better .The Buffet at the Wynn was also great nonstop good eating , and for Brunch i ate at  Society cafe , i get up late so i like my brunch late , this meal also was great . All in all i hope i get to stay at this wonderful HOTEL again . If you never stayed at the ENCORE its a must stay .
My husband and I stayed here back when it first open in 2008, so everything was new! I've had this in my bookmarks for years and I never got around to writing a review until now. I will tell you that the experience here is wonderful! The customer service is terrific and the rooms are out of this world! Aside it being far from the other happening places on the strip, you can take the tram to the main parts of Vegas. . . I've been going to Vegas every year since 2006 and I can tell you that this place is one of the best hotels to stay at. If you're looking for more of an Old Vegas experience, try the older hotels, but I think old and young people alike can attest that this hotel is immaculate!
I just stayed here this past extended weekend (Thursday to Sunday) and had a great experience all around. The rooms were great, plenty of room, very clean, the bed was extremely comfortable, and the iPod home was a nice touch. It also boasted a great view of the strip, with retractable drapes at the press of the button. The pool and hot tub were very relaxing, and the service for every aspect of the hotel was excellent. The Wynn golf course was awesome as well, stunning views, lush grass, and a great finishing hold. This was my first time in Las Vegas and I'm happy to have stayed here. When I come back I will be booking a room here for sure, no need to look anywhere else.
easily one of my favorite resorts on the strip.  Very well upkept.  Steve Wynn's attention to detail is not lost at all.  Everything is top notch from the nightclubs to the bars to the shopping to the restos.  And the best part is that all the restos have a vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free menu!  Once I move out of vegas I know this is one of the places I would def get a room at when I visit.
Short and sweet. The Encore and Wynn are the best Vegas has to offer!! Beautiful rooms, beautiful people, beautiful shops, beautiful restaurants... Everything is immaculate. Worth the splurge. Walking around the casino makes you feel like a Million bucks :)
The Encore at Wynn Las Vegas was an exceptional and memorable weekend stay.  We stayed at the Encore Tower Suites in a Panoramic King Suite.  Room exceeded expectations and was thoroughly cleaned.   . . The arrival experience was well orchestrated.  The valet attendant welcomed us to the Encore as soon as the car came to park, and the bell attendant immediately took our luggage and escorted us to the front desk. . . Front desk attendants were genuine and friendly.  Everyone at the property knew the resort, and its amenities.  At the end of our stay, the bellman lost our luggage but retrieved the items within 20 minutes.  . . Bellmen were friendly and proud to work at the Wynn.  They were not gratuity and transactional driven like other resorts, and spent time ensuring the guest knew the room, and amenities.  One bellman even showed us how to take the perfect picture of the Las Vegas Strip without a flash and glare against the floor to ceiling windows. . . Room service was quick, and was set up like a meal presentation in a fine dining restaurant.  Within 20 minutes from placing the room service order, the order was delivered and food items to the perfect temperature. . . Spa was well stocked with assorted juices, fruit, and water.  The Spa at Encore is an impressive facility and takes guest into an escape unlike any other.  The spa was a nice size and included three wet Jacuzzis, showers and sinks fully stocked with amenities, steam room and sauna.  The living room featured televisions, and assortment of magazines.  Service met expectations, and facilities were constantly cleaned.  . . Hotel came busy at night after 10:00pm with the Surrender nightclub and XS nightclub just a few moments away from the hotel elevator.  During the evening, the music even in the elevator was nightlife like.  If you want to have more of a classic luxury resort experience, I would highly recommend staying next door at Wynn Las Vegas. . . Overall, I would revisit the Encore Tower Suites.
Very rarely do hotels exceed my expectations. The Encore was an exception to this rule. From check-in to check-out, we had tremendous service at every turn. The room was clean, large, and comfortable, with a wonderful view of the strip and sunset. .  . In-room dining was probably the best I've ever had at any hotel. We ordered four times in five days, and the food was always delicious and the service was always friendly and prompt.. . We saw "La Reve," for the first time and loved it. Everyone was nice to my three-year-old son. Smiles everywhere. Valet remembered our names. . . If there was one thing that wasn't incredible, it was our meal at Wazuzu. Service was great. Dining room clean and pretty, and menu was fun, but the food just wasn't the A+ that everything else was on our visit. Very good, but not great, and I would order room service again, rather than eat at Wazuzu again.. . Still and all, Encore was a luxurious experience, worth every penny. I will definitely return.
I've stayed here twice with my gf. The rooms have been nice. There isn't anything to complain about. The standard rooms are spacious, and the desserts at the buffet were good the second time around. The casino was clean, but i want my money back!
In vegas, anything can happen, even booking a room at 5 in the morning. Everything from the bed to the bath was just what the doctor ordered.. . The only thing i would ask is that they improve the air quality of their ac, the room is very dry.
Very elegant hotel!!
Amazing hotel, beautiful decor, very well ventilated, spotless clean, delicious restaurants, spacious suites, best buffet, gorgeous spa, luxurious shopping, golf course, night clubs, topless pool... Etc... Probably our favorite hotel in vegas
The Encore is by far my favorite place to spend a weekend on the strip. The casino is very clean and the staff is friendly. They cater to a variety of crowds including the 21-30 year old club types for XS and the day club. There are also many business convention types here and a nice mix of different types of people. There are also normally a fair amount of kids/families here. . . If you are familiar with the Palazzo rooms, these are very comparable in size. The rooms are bigger & Nicer than Aria's.. . Don't miss:. The Spa. It is absolutely amazing and worth every penny! . The buffet. Variety Variety Variety! Who knew they could master so many different types of cuisine?. The Pool. Very relaxing. La Cave. Amazing wines and bacon wrapped dates!! . The Gardens.
Encore is one word, AMAZING! Everything about this place screams luxury and it definitely deserves all of its 5 stars. The lobby is impeccable and although less busy than the neighboring Wynn, still has the same red motifs. Hallways are long and wide, and walls are thick enough that I never heard any noises from the neighboring rooms, but the winner is the room itself. It was ginormous and probably bigger than my studio apartment! Everything from lighting to window shades is operated with a remote control found next to one of the most comfortable beds anywhere, and the bathroom made me feel like I was Marilyn, minus the drugs. . . There are many 5 star hotels to choose from in Vegas, but few come close to this one. For example, even though the Trump across the street is also ranked as a 5 star hotel, it does not even come close to this one and you just don't feel that same level of luxury that you would at Encore. In addition, the buffet, casino, and the clubs at the Wynn and Encore are one of the best in Vegas, so you are pretty much in the center of it all. Although for a popular weekend it may not be worth staying here because of its excessive price, I was able to score a good deal last year on the actual Wynn website (rather than booking through Expedia and such) that also included admission to the Wynn buffet, which is $40 on its own and some specials will even include VIP passes to XS or Tryst, so it may be worth checking out.
Encore is now my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  My wife and I stayed here for the first time a couple years ago but on our last visit we moved down the strip to the new, supposedly hottest most cosmopolitan hotel in town. I'm happy to be back at Encore.  Encore has a great brand, and it is luxurious, bright and welcoming.  The location rocks too - proximity to the airport and Las Vegas Convention Center are also excellent. . . The room is my favorite in town. It is really well designed and furnished, and every detail has been considered - even the thermostat is black against the black wall. Who thinks about buying a thermostat any color other than white?  The controls for the lights and the drapes are on the night table and the bed is really comfortable. My tv swiveled around to the living room area pushed only by my pinky finger. The shower is also a highlight - beautiful with perfect water pressure. . . I also really like the size of the casino. I find even the adjacent Wynn to be too big, crowded and imposing. The scale of Encore is more intimate, and everything is more conveniently located closer together.  Sure, the food options in particular are limited, yet the additional restaurants, shopping and entertainment options afforded by the Wynn are a short and beautiful indoor walk away.  Even the the taxi lines seem quicker at Encore. . . I also have to comment that Le Reve remains my favorite show of any sort that I've seen anytime, ever.  . . Did I mention how much I like the room?
I will always stay at the Encore/Wynn properties.  You can't beat them!
Haven't stayed at the Encore?  I'd say... Do It!  If you do, ask for a view of the pool. Not only will you get a great view of water and palm trees, but you'll also get a view towards the strip. We were on the 17th floor overlooking the pool and the strip, and it was Awesome.  Once we pried our eyes off the view outside the room, we turned inside and we were impressed.  The room is very large, clean, and comfortable.  Everything is perfectly laid out with a couch and desk near the window, a divider wall, and then the king bed and dressers.  Between the rooms is a big flat screen TV that can be turned to be used in either room.  On the nightstand is a remote control that opens and closes the blinds, and that can control all of the lighting in the room.... nice!. Then you move into the bathroom.  Double sinks, large soaking tub, separate shower, and an isolated toilet room.. Everything is decorated with a rich feel and in good taste.. . Outside the room, we found the casino itself to be relaxed and fun.  We don't gamble a lot, but when my wife decided to learn how to play craps, the staff was very friendly and helpful, and we had a great time.. . Here to relax a bit too?  The pools were great.  They have a family pool, and an adults only pool with a bar and a few card tables under cover.  European Style sun bathing is allowed in the adult pool area.. . The valet parking and bell staff treated us right, and when we took a cab, there was always one there and available within moments.. . We really could not have asked for more from a hotel on the strip.  The Encore really added to our Vegas experience and we definitely would stay again.
When I go to Vegas, I usually tend to stay at the mid-range hotels like Harrah's and Bally's simply for their value and location of the Strip.  And since I usually travel solo, they're very affordable.  So staying at the one the upper tier hotels like Wynn or Bellagio had never crossed my mind.  Then one day I got a invitation in the mail from Encore for three free nights and $150 freeplay credit.  How could I pass up the opportunity?. . Encore is simply amazing!  Right when I got off the shuttle, I was greeted by the bell hop and by every single employee that crossed my path on the way to my room.  At that point I knew I was in for something special.  The room was very spacious and had a nice view of the south end of the Strip.  I liked how the lights and temperature were controlled by the control panel near my bed.  The bathroom was really nice and came with complimentary robes.. . It's always a nice walk going through the Encore Esplanade and Wynn Esplanade with the soothing but upbeat music they play.  And the waitresses here are hot!. . It's also really convenient how there's a bus stop right in front to make it easy to go down the Strip and easy return back... . Best thing that happened to me while staying here, I at least won about $200 here for each day I stayed!  All on the same slot machine too, but I'm gonna keep that machine a secret to myself.  Sorry! . . Would I stay again at Encore even without a promo offer?  Probably not simply because of how expensive it can get.  Despite the complimentary stay, I still had to pay a $28 resort fee per night which pretty much added to about $100 with tax.  It was still a bargain though considering that it would've cost close to $1000 without the promo.  And for those three nights I stayed there, I felt like royalty and it was definitely one of the most relaxing trips I've had in Vegas.
Stayed there for my bday this summer! This hotel is absolutely stunning! I booked the room at the Wynn, but got a complimentary upgrade to Encore! The service is excellent! I think this hotel has everything you need. You don't even need to come out anywhere else on the strip. The best clubs are inside Encore and Wynn anyways!!!
Encore is a place of happiness with butterfies (my fav), bright colors and comfortably appointed suites. . . Lots of dining options between Encore and the adjoining Wynn.  Great gym for a good work-out - plenty of cardio machines, cold towels and water, and comfy lighting. . . Casino floor is not big - but enough gaming tables for a comfy round (spaceous) of  gambling.  I loved the 3card poker tables- have good feng shui; I walked away with a nice sum of $$$ winnings.
I forgot to review The Encore after our 6/1 visit (4 nights).. . It was the second year in a row we visited for our anniversary (29th & 30th).  . . We upgraded to a 59th floor strip view and it was gorgeous.  I know others are more picky in their reviews but I honestly have a hard time finding any fault with Encore other than Steve Wynn himself (his voice and face seems everywhere).. . The rooms are big and I love the layout.  The beds very comfy, the toiletries were fine.  The housekeepers were great, not only did they clean every inch they were friendly and respectful in a person to person way.  The only fault I found in the room was that the Golden Nugget Rush Tower  rooms  towels were nicer.  . . We enjoyed the gym a time or two and a couple of restaurants (Society and Le Cave).  The casino was smallish, which I find attractive and the waitresses were quick and friendly.  We were at the Sports book a lot and enjoyed the setting as well.. . Service wise, everyone we met was outstanding.  Checkin was a breeze.  As was check out.  The only issue we had was this year at the pool the "chair savers" were rampant and the pool staff dawdled on removing towels from said chairs.  Also, the waitstaff, while superb were not quite as good as last year.  It could just be circumstance but last year they actually remembered our name day to day when  this year they did not even remember during the course of one day. You know I'm nitpicking when this is used as a complaint, right?. . All in all I'd say your standard of expectations would have to be mighty high to not love everything about Encore.  If we can afford it next year we'll be back. Last year they sent a cheese and fruit plate to our room for our anny, this year not but they certainly can't be expected to.. . I'm giving them 5 stars as I would have last year, the mild drop off in services would be equivalent to them getting an "A" with a 99.5% last year and an "A" with a 94% this year.
One of the most luxurious and beautiful hotels in Vegas!  The pool beach club is so much fun!  The decor of the hotel is over the top breath taking and the staff is excellent!  I highly recommend staying at the Encore or at least visiting!
Took my dad here for his 50th birthday and enjoyed it completely! We had a great view of the strip in an amazing suite. While the casino wasn't very large, you could still use the Wynns facilities. Great restaurants and pools. It's truly a resort, you rarely have to venture to the strip.
This Hotel is simply amazing.. The art work and other decor is stunning.. . My sister and I walked the entire lobby level of this hotel and the Wynn hotel.. Marvelous.
What can you expect from one of the most planned out hotels in Las Vegas. This place was built to entertain. From the decor to the casino it was designed by the very best.
This hotel experience from start to finish was just awesome. Check in (around 9pm) and check out (9am) was a breeze. We got upgraded to a higher suit just by asking and had a tremendous view of the strip. . We weren't that high up, but we didn't hear any of the music from the clubs below. . . Amenities are great, service is awesome, rooms are clean, lots of restaurants and just a great great experience. Next time we'll definitely stay here again (hopefully by then, they will let us use the fridge for free!)
As others have said, this hotel is just amazing.  We typically stay at the Palazzo or Aria and were always thrilled, however, we now have a new standard of excellence!. . Stayed from 7/22/2013, planned to leave on 7/25, but on the morning of the 25th decided to blow off our flight and stay another night.  Cost $500 for the change in room and air charges, but well worth it, won $2000 on Baccarat.. . Beautiful rooms, quite, stayed on the 14th floor looking north.  No noise from anywhere inside or outside the hotel.  Room service was terrific the sea bass was better from room service than SW Steakhouse.  Bed and bathroom were fantastic.. . The SW steakhouse was a real disappointment.  My wife order the sea bass and it was just terrible, the restaurant did not charge for the SB.  Steak was very good, but could have been found at any upscale Vegas steakhouse.  The light show was also very disappointing, we saw the show years ago, with the jungle scenes and great music, now it's just a 1 minute snippet of the 10 minute show from the past.. . We'll be staying at Encore/Wynn from now on.  Almost forgot, the topless pool was excellent.  Wife luvs just to wear her thong panties and the atmosphere was perfect for her, she looks great at 40!!. . Need to add, the buffet was very mediocre, we had free passes and after one visit just ordered room service the rest of the stay.
It's not as decked out as the Venetian, BUT I love how clean and straight forward the hotel was. Very easy to navigate. The casino area was more family friendly than other hotels because of lighting, friendly staff, and how guests carried themselves. Of course there was the occasional guest that dropped F-bombs in front of my little sister during elevator rides, but hey I didn't raise them. lol It's still a fairly new hotel, so the carpets and floors don't smell too heavily of smoke. . . The rooms are clean. (We stayed on a non-smoking floor. Ususally there is still a certain stench, but to my surprise the Encore was true to their word! Smoke-free = smoke-free!) The hotel is still young. Couchs are still firm, as well as the beds and pillows. Even the roll-in bed was comfortable!! The toilet is awkwardly high, but it didn't pose a problem. I wished the bathroom was like the Ritz where the toilet was separated by a door from the shower/sink area. We had a spectacular view of the strip (which we had to pay more for, but that's not a problem). . . I will definitely be back!
A fitting encore to Wynn Las Vegas (no pun intended) is encapsulated in this stunning resort known as Encore at Wynn Las Vegas.  Branded as the cooler, hip sister of Wynn, Encore offers the same level of service, attention to detail and customer first mentality of its predecessor.  The difference between the two hotels is simply that one stands on the South end of the property and the other (Encore) is to the North....obviously there are some slight differences that I will cover below:. . . I've had the pleasure of staying at both Wynn and Encore and have noticed that Encore is quieter (except for one thing, to be discussed in a moment) and of a more relaxed feel than Wynn.  Located behind Wynn and a bit further North on the Strip means that the foot traffic in the Casino is far less than that of Wynn and the crowds are not a problem or a nuisance like they are at Bellagio or Venetian.  The Casino is surrounded by natural light and gardens near the pool and is a fantastic place to gamble and people watch both in the day and night.  Wynn's Casino can sometimes feel cramped and busy with all of the foot traffic, this issue is resolved at Encore, even at peakhours in the evening.. . . Where Encore does have large crowds is at Encore Beach Club which is an open to the public outdoor pool party venue with an enormous pool, private cabanas and tons of people (think Tao Beach at Venetian, multiply it by 5 and there you have Encore Beach Club).  The noise from Encore Beach Club, mainly the pounding base from the music represents Encore's only drawback and can be clearly heard even on the highest of floors (39-up) in Strip facing rooms.  The noise continues into the night well after EBC closes and then comes from XS nightclub which opens onto the pool at EBC.  While you should be up late since you're in Vegas, if by chance you do need a good nights sleep this can be a bit of a hassle.  It's far from a deal breaker or huge detractor from choosing this hotel, but it is a much complained about point from most guests.. . The Standard Resort Suite at Encore is impressive to say the least!  At 700 sq. feet it is leaps and bounds ahead of it's nearest competitor, the Bella Suite at Venetian/Palazzo.  The bathroom is enormous and decked out in fantastic marble and the main living area is separated by a half wall with a 40 inch flatscreen mounted on a pivot so you can enjoy it from either the bed or couch which is situated near the floor to ceiling window.  Just like at Wynn, the lights and drapes are electronically controlled and you get the pleasure of sleeping on the same Wynn Dream Bed found next door at Wynn.. . Choosing between the two can be difficult, but if you're looking for a more low key, under the radar Vegas experience yet still crave the need to party and have a great time, Encore is the place for you.  Encore gives you the ability to be away from it all but at the same time is just a step away from the controlled chaos and fun that is Las Vegas!  You will not be let down if you choose to stay here, enjoy!
One of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.  Five star property. Hotel rooms are suites. They always give you full amenities including bedroom slippers. Great customer service. Great food and bars.  Drink service is always good when playing table games or slot machines. It almost, almost, makes it painless to lose.
Wow... Loved it! . . We stayed here just 1 night for a quick weekend getaway and had a great experience. The Tower King Suite on the 56th floor was very spacious large suite with lots of mirrors so it felt even bigger.  . http://www.wynnlasvegas.com/Rooms/EncoreTowerSuites/TowerKingSuite. We loved the super comfy bed and tons of pillows. The couch/chaise in the suite was comfy and the automated curtains were gorgeous. The bathroom was very nice with great linens (super soft!), nice robes to use, adjustable pressure on the shower, dual sinks, a lighted makeup mirror and everything you would expect from a luxury hotel. I didn't get to try the tub, but hopefully next time. We had a pool view to the Wynn and it was really nice. While checking in, the desk clerk warned us about the bass sound from the clubs at night and offered to put us on the other side of the tower if we wanted. I didn't think the bass was too bad since my husband & I are both heavy sleepers, but if you are a light sleeper you might want to request the opposite side of the tower. No indulging in the mini bar-- there are lots of notes saying that anything you pick up for more than 60 seconds will be charged to the room. We took advantage of late checkout at 1pm. . . The rooms also had a Do Not Disturb button you could turn on so that the maid service won't disturb your room. Love the free Wifi-- why don't all hotels have this? In staying on the 56th floor, the elevators were great except the fact that my ears popped every time we went up or down? WTF? I would then spend a few minutes opening my mouth & dropping my jaw to make the popping stop and then looked like a moron I'm sure. Oh well!. . The decor of the hotel was classy overall. Lots of red with flowers and butterflies in jewel tones. The red and purple is really nice together and there was some great art throughout the whole property. . . Blackjack table was fun and the cocktail waitresses had nice uniforms, especially compared to some of the other hotels. It was really funny to see a 5+ month pregnant belly of one of the cocktail waitresses and she was still in the same little dress as the other ones!. . POOL:. Pretty mellow at the main pool on the Sunday we were there. It was probably because Lil John was at the Encore Beach Club that day. After determining it would cost $97 just for my husband and I to get in, we determined that we didn't want to spend that much. We wandered over to the European Pool and it's "21 and over -- No Cameras" sign. I didn't realize that meant topless... Ha! It wasn't *that* private, so only a few ladies were actually topless. The "toptional" pool at the Mandalay Bay has more security out making sure that no one is taking pictures of the topless ladies. The cocktail waitress we had was a bit slow, so we only ended up having one cocktail each. My favorite poolside drink is a Lava Flow-- strawberry daiquiri mixed with a pina colada. YUMMY! It was a good time, but I wouldn't head to Encore just for their pool.. . The hotel is immaculate and such a great luxurious experience. Hopefully my husband will treat me to it again!
**Please note that I'm giving 5 stars for the room itself and the quality of service given here...not necessarily for all the restaurants, bars, casino, etc.**. . We got a special promotion for this room and I have to say that (especially for the price I paid) it was amazing. The room was enormous, so comfortably appointed, really beautifully decorated, the bathroom was bigger than our bedroom at home...we had a view of "downtown" (seemed to be a view of the Rio and a Ross store), which was nothing to write home about, but that's because we checked in super-early; if we had been willing to wait longer we might have had a Strip view, but we had only slept 3 hours and were eager to rest and take a shower, etc. At least our room was very quiet; never heard any noise at night.. . Service was so kind and courteous from my very first interaction. Whenever I called (to inquire about changing my reservation, etc.) the people I spoke to were super nice and helpful. Ditto when I got there; ditto when I called the front desk to ask a question; ditto when I stopped by the concierge and the bell desk for one thing or another. . . The whole property is absolutely gorgeous...gorgeous rooms, gorgeous lobby, gorgeous gardens, gorgeous pools, gorgeous restaurants and bars; even the casino looked much cleaner and "classier" than most of the others we walked through. . . My husband and I aren't gamblers, and this was our first trip to Vegas; it was just sort of that, "well, you've got to try it at least once in your life" types of trips, and in large part because I had gotten this amazing promotion. Honestly, the best part of the whole trip was the hotel, especially the bedroom...we also spent quite a bit of time at the pool (the sunset pool at the Wynn was our favorite) and that was great, but a little too crowded in the afternoon and the drinks were waayyy too expensive.. . In fact, I'd say the only real drawbacks to the place (and I am sure it's the same problem anywhere in Vegas) was that everything--but EVERYTHING--was expensive. I needed sunscreen and tried to buy it at a store inside the resort--$32! Come on. We ended up walking about a mile to the nearest Walgreen's to find it at a somewhat normal price. It doesn't appear you can get a drink anywhere on the property for under $15, and even a small cappuccino runs $6 there!! A bit excessive. . . But I learned that's what Vegas costs...you can save on the hotel but they'll get you everywhere else...we probably won't be going back to Vegas anytime soon, but if we do, I'd definitely want to stay at Encore again--IF I get another good deal and can afford it!!
Loved the pool and loved the rooms!  My cousins stayed here and their room was beautiful!
Best thing about Vegas.  . . Massive rooms, super clean, excellent service, slightly less trashy clientele than elsewhere on the strip.  Of course, a cup of coffee will cost you an arm and a leg, but I suppose that's to be expected.  Seriously, though, don't come thinking you'll just buy a sunscreen at the sundries store.  The cheapest bottle starts at $34. . . While I like the pools at Encore, I wasn't blown away.  There's a main pool that's small-ish and kid-friendly, and there's the adults-only European (read: optional topless) pool that's larger with a swim-up bar.  It's fine, but I've been to better pools in Vegas - namely, the pool at Palazzo, which I think is leaps and bounds bigger/better/nicer.  Encore's Euro pool has a ton of tree coverage, for obvious reasons, but the trees get in the way of my tanning dreams.. . Beyond the pool issue, the restaurants are great, the dealers are friendlyand the views from the upgraded suites are magnificent.. . This is the place to stay in Vegas.
I just returned from a three-day getaway at the Encore and it was marvelous (yes, I said marvelous). I've been to the Encore/Wynn resort before, but this was my first time staying. Everything from the service to the hotel room decor and cleanliness exceeded my expectations. The only downside: you have to pay for internet, which I can understand for other hotels on the Strip, but it seems like something Encore would include free of charge. . . Anyways, I walked through the MGM to get to Hakkasan on Friday night and not to sound snobby, but I was a little disgusted. I honestly don't think I'll be able to stay anywhere else now.
Will probably never stay anywhere else in Vegas ever again.
Encore is my favorite place.  I even buy the Asian Rain oil in bulk to scent my house and car in Chicago.   We love every detail about the Encore.   We love the staff and the housekeepers who will find you a vase in a flash.  . The restaurants are all exceptional, and the Esplanade, there are no words to explain.  When we pull up, we call this home.
The best luxury hotel I've stayed to so far. The hotel paid a lot of attention to detail and the view was awesome. We were on the 20th floor and could see the strip from our room. Also the location was next to a pretty good and price reasonable taco shop. The beach club was just downstairs and their spa was amazing. . . FYI Men and woman are separated at this spa and also looks like they are registered so Canadian health plans seems to cover this (at least mine did).. . Their gym lacked a bit of free weights so there was an occasional wait but the cardio equip was well enough. There were free lockers, water and towel.. . only problem was friday night / sat ... you could hear the music from the club in my room. I was able to sleep but my gf was unable to due to the noise. This was already warned to us at the check-in so we were already expecting it.. . Also a little distant from the core of the strip but still at a decent location I think.
Not as big as the Wynn. Same decor. Rooms are also very nice. They also have XS nightclub and the Beach Club. Botero is an excellent restaurant. Casino is a bit smaller than the Wynn. I prefer staying at the Wynn.
The best hotel in Vegas! The interior was amazing and the service was even better! Everything about the room was breath taking. From the front desk to the bell boys to room service was top notch. I have a stayed in a few different hotels in Vegas and after staying at encore I could never stay anywhere else! . . There was only one downside, when I arrived to our room our couch was soaking wet. I had upgraded our room to get a view of the strip but when we were relocated to another room due to the couch we didn't receive that view. But I didn't care to fuss because the room was so amazing! Just an overall fabulous experience!
This review is for being a guest of the Encore. Steve Wynn, you never cease to amaze me! I am in love with this hotel. In love! It's far enough off the strip to not be overly crowded and it's beautiful from top to bottom. . . Rooms:. . "Did we accidentally book a suite?" we thought as we walked into our spacious room with floor to ceiling windows that overlook the city. Nope. Apparently every room is just this beautiful! The room is huge and I can only imagine what a suite looks like! We stepped through our door and saw a long hallway that opened up into a bedroom with a King bed and two night stands, and an entertainment center with a tv that swings around 360 degrees! Past the bedroom, we then saw a sitting area with a L-shaped couch, desk and floor to ceiling windows. The room is bright, cheerful, clean and decorated nicely. It's just a shame it's in Vegas, a city where you spend very little time in your room! The beds are so comfortable. They are a product of Wynn and can be purchased through Wynn. The robes are silky smooth. Everything is state of the art. My only qualm? The music doc isn't iPhone 5 compatible. Boo! But to make up for it, they do have several music stations available on the tv. . . Amenities/Casino: . . Treated like royalty is the theme here. The rooms are amazing, every restaurant/cafe/eatery is state of the art and delicious, the casino is very clean without the strong stench of a casino and it's just a cheerful environment. It's not your typical "Vegas." I also really like that they keep the Encore Beach Club separate from the resort, so that you don't even know it's going on unless you're going to the party. The pool is gorgeous and I just wish I had time to lounge. In fact, I would have liked an extra day just to utilize the pool. They have several restaurants on the property with outdoor patios overlooking the water and pools. My favorite amenity of the Encore? They have dueling pianos every night of the week! It took us going to two different casinos and two failed attempts to find a piano bar, only to realize when we got back that our very own hotel has them!. . Service: . . I was very impressed with the service the entire trip. Check in was seamless and the girl gave me suggestions about places to visit during our trip. The staff working every restaurant and bar was very friendly and helpful and it was just an overall great experience. . . On a side note, this is attached to the Wynn which is like Encore's wealthy older sister, but the great thing is that you never really realize which hotel you're in. It's just a small walk through the hotel and through the shopping and then you're in the Wynn and can enjoy all the amazing things they have to offer as well (make sure you go to Sugar and Ice and the Lakeside).. . PS - Garth Brook plays at the sister property, the Wynn!
For the boyfriend's birthday, we decided to go big and try out the Encore.. Really glad we did.. . The room was beautiful. The bed was big, plush, and lush, sleeping was a dream. I really liked the mirror walls, made getting dressed so much easier. The living room area was cute. Loved the modern couch. . . The view from the window couldn't have been better. Over looked the strip, we did not even request this.. . The bathroom was great! Loved the double sinks, the zoom mirror and the tv I could watch from the tub. . . Boyfriend's favorite part, the remote control next to the bed that controlled everything.. . Cannot wait to return, and really want to try the Wynn as well!
I love The Encore! I stay here a lot bc the casino is not over crowded and I can find tables with enough room to play with just my friends and I. That way you don't get some rookie playing 3rd base that doesn't know what to do. I love the rooms, linens, and service is great. Check out the amazing spa!
Hands down the best place to stay in Las Vegas, the bar has been set and I cant imagine staying anywhere else when I return. . . Ive stayed at my fair share of spots along the strip, The Venetian, Planet Hollywood Towers, Paris, Thehotel etc. and I must say this is the place to beat. I haven't stayed at the Wynn yet so maybe it can match my experience, but the service, atmosphere and room decor cant be beat. Also getting a VIP ticket to XS (my new favorite hotspot) was just the cherry on the sundae to a fantastic three day weekend.. . Cheers :)
The best!!! Love Encore! Rooms are awesome and XS is always a blast. Encore beach club not so much. Andrea's is great for dinner it's very chic! Prices are not bad for what you get.
SIMPLY AMAZING!. . You can officially called me spoiled after my 5 day stay at the Encore. Ive been to a few other casinos on the strip and the Encore is simply the best.. . Our check-in on Monday was flawless. The entire Wynn and Encore staff is top notch often calling you by name. Our room a Deluxe King Suite was as usual spectacular with over 600 square feet of space. On this trip we decided to take advantage of what the Encore has to offer.... . During our stay my wife and I dined at the Society cafe for dinner and Tableau for breakfast. All the food was amazing! They now offer vegan specialties if you want to eat healthy. Yes, the prices are high but this is a boutique resort so you have to expect it.. . My wife also had the opportunity to use the salon and spa. She couldn't stop raving about it. She was in Heaven! So much so that she practically begged me to use the spa which I did. Its spectacular and a great place to recover after a night of partying on the strip.... A MUST go if you are a guy or a gal.. . We also had a chance to use the pool. There is a public area and a European area for adults. We chose the European side at its sunnier and quieter. The pool is perfect and just the right temperature. Very relaxing if the spa hasn't done that already.. . Lastly I want to thank some of the staff that helped us during our stay as they made our week...Alexis in Tableau who made the reservation for my wife, Garrett in Concierge who helped us with Jubilee tickets, Ashely by the pool who took good care of us, Vin at the bar who pours a mean Scotch and the countless other staff who made us feel special. We cant wait to come back!!!
My stay at the Encore, was amazing! I enjoyed every bit of it from the moment we pulled up to vallet my car, to the moment we checked out.  We got the panoramic view suite & the view was amazing!
I've been to this casino a few times. Staff is always willing to help you find your way and their pastries at the cafe are delicious. My boyfriend and I went to the sports book and bar to watch a soccer game and we had quite a good time. I enjoyed my pastry :) lemon bar :P and he enjoyed his game :)))
My husband and I recently celebrated our 15th anniversary in Las Vegas. My Mother-n-law was nice enough to keep our son for the weekend so we wanted to make the most of it. We took the first flight out in the morning which was about 40min delayed but we still got to the hotel super early, by 8:30am. We were able to check in at that time which was nice! We were able to unpack and get our day started nice and early!. Our room was beautiful, roomy and comfortable. The hotel is beautiful andeveryone was very nice and helpful. I won $1,200 on Keno there too! We saw La Reve and ate at the buffet at the Wynn. Loved every second of our stay. Once it was time to go the concierge was kind enough to print our boarding passes and had them waiting for us at the desk. We hope to go back really soon!
This is luxury.  I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Vegas.  Wow -- the suites have it all...high end bedding, cool technology, floor to ceiling windows, modern decor.  The casino is gorgeous with the big red chandeliers, it feels clean and isn't mobbed with people.  The buffet ROCKS and La Reve is a MUST NOT MISS show.  You'll need not to go anywhere else...everything good is at Wynn/Encore.
Love this place. I didn't want to leave. Loved the push button curtains. Bell hops took a little to long to bring up the luggage but service was great. Check in was a little long. I loved looking down on the city strip from my hotel room way up. Especially with floor to ceiling windows. I will return again definitely.
Where do I begin.... . The room - beautiful floor to ceiling windows, our room faced the lone Trump tower (literally, nothing near-by) which looked like it was flipping a giant golden finger to the horizon.  Kind of hilariously awesome, but you get a nice view of the strip to the side.  Plush, comfortable and very spacious rooms and I loved lounging on the sofas.. . The food - Alaskan king crab leg buffet Wooooooooooooooooooo Desserts Galore Yaaaaaaaaaaaaa and awesome selection of gourmet selections including tuna ceviche/tar tar yuuuuuuuuuuum.  Do the buffet, it's seriously worth it, even if you don't stuff your face.  I went all the way to Alaska in the middle of winter and found the king crabs to be sweeter, fresher and tastier (not to mention cheaper) in Las Vegas.  Take my word for it and save yourself some frostbites, and eat an extra crab leg for me.. . The Club - had a blast at XS, loved lounging by the pool with hilariously large animal floaties and seating inside the pool, and dancing with Will.I.Am DJ-ing inside.  The crowd is, well, a little heavy with silicone and steroids, but that just makes it more fun to people watch, or what my friends describe as "social experimentation".  . . If you haven't spent the weekend here, you'll have a blast, whether you're here for the people watching, the delicious food,or relaxing in a luxury room (think 5 star hotel at 3 star price!)
My and my wife enjoyed our stay, very luxurious atmosphere, especially when you want to feel like you have money :)
Always an amazing experience every time I stay here at the Encore.. . I have heard of people having billing issues with the hotel, but I've stayed here many times and haven't had any problems. Cell phone reception is terrible inside the rooms but wi-fi and fitness center is included with the $28 resort fee. . . Upon check in they ask you if you want a mountain view room or a strip view room. They also warn you that the strip side will be noisier. . . The room service is prompt and they basically set up a mini restaurant inside your room so that you can eat comfortably. Rooms are cleaned in a ninja fashion, meaning they do not bother you while you have your "privacy" light on, but once you switch it to "make up room" your room will be spotless by the time you get back from whatever adventure you're having.. . The bathrooms are huge and they include a spacious tub and shower to help you re-coop from your crazy adventures the night before. The ability to open and close the drapes from your bed is a godsend during those extra sunny mornings after your long nights.. . The casino isn't as lively but that's what I enjoy about this resort. It's an amazing escape from the party craziness. I can always count on getting enough beauty sleep on their amazing king size ma tresses. Having a hotel room so close to the hottest clubs, Surrender, XS, Tryst etc is just a bonus. You can also buy tickets at a discounted rate for each of these spots, exclusive to hotel guests. . . The pools are always clean and you have tons of choices, if the Beach Club isn't your thing, you can lay out at one of the many other pools, including one Euro style topless pool.. . Wazuzu is my favorite restaurant on the resort, amazing Asian food at relatively decent prices. I did get to try the Sunday Brunch at the Wynn buffet this past trip and I was blown away by all the choices and the amazing selection of desserts! You can even buy a $15 VIP pass that lets you cut the buffet line and comes with a complimentary alcoholic beverage. . . IF that's NOT enough to make you choose this hotel EVERY time you're in Vegas, the spa also offers a $40/day pass for you to use all of their amenities, sauna, pool, steam room etc. . . When you are staying at the Encore, be sure to use the robes, they're to die for!
One of the best room I have ever stay at and the staff is so helpful, courteous and friendly. All I can say is that i found my home away from home! I love the design and colors of the room I truly feel in Las Vegas.
Superb. I was comped a three night stay and ended up paying for a fourth night.  I upgraded my free room to a nicer one for $20.00 per night. The room overlooked the strip and was 61 stories up with all windows over looking the awesome view.  The room was big with three different areas. The bathroom was at the entrance and was huge with two sinks, large shower And separate toilet.  Then the bedroom which has a swivel 42 inch tv that could point towards the bed or the other room which consisted of a big couch anddesk looking out the window.  . . The service was outstanding and you has to show your jet to security to enter the elevator going to your room. . . There are several restaurants and a great Buffett.  Three clubs that were all good with XS being the best.  Gambling tables everywhere so you can lose lots of money.  Several shows that are supposed to be outstanding. Just a great hotel
I've stayed in several hotels in Las Vegas, such as the Wynn, Palazzo, Venetian, Aria, and so forth... The Encore is my absolute favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  . . I love the way the hotel is setup from where the parking entrance is located, to the lobby, the elevators, and the exit to the strip.  If you've stayed at the Wynn, you will know their layout is confusing and I always manage to get lost and walk around aimlessly for a while.  Also, the mall is conveniently located across the street.  . . The rooms are spacious and clean.  The bathroom comes with a separate shower and bathtub, and television on the vanity.  The living and bedroom area have their own televisions.  The hotel has several pools, one of which is a topless pool (just saying).  They also have some of the best steakhouse restaurants on the strip.  . . My stay at the Encore has always been pleasant.  This is a hotel I will continue to stay at and recommend to my friends.
A top hotel in Las Vegas and of course my favorite! First of all all the rooms are suites and the views are pretty magnificent! I love how this side of the Wynn hotel group is more laid back. You don't feel the intensity of the Las Vegas strip while you are here. Of course they have pool parties, but there's also a quiet pool for a more relaxing time.. . I also love the Encore Spa! It's way bigger than the Wynn and is a great pit stop before a night out. You have also to pay for the facilities, which I didn't really understand. I also used the gym next to the Spa and it was amazing! Very spacious and great water/towel service. . . Overall, I like to return to Encore every year because of the service. You feel the difference compared to other hotels when ordering food to the room or if you ever need anything else. Can't wait for another great visit!
I've been to Vegas a couple times and usually stay at the Signature Suites at MGM. We decided to try something different and went with the Encore Suites for our 4 nights. I'm sure glad we did! This hotel is absolutely beautiful!!! Our room was amazing and I loved the floor to ceiling windows with a great view of the Vegas strip! The bathroom was large enough for 3 girls to get ready. The bed was huge and cozy. . Service at check in and check out was exceptional. And the lady at the concierge desk was so nice and helpful. I definitely will be staying here from now on.
When  I go to Vegas this is the only hotel I stay at.  The reasons are many, great spa, fabulous restaurants, fun pool and of course great shopping. The rooms are large spacious equipped with great bathroom. The staff are very attentive and courteous. This is a great experience hotel.
Beautiful rooms. We stayed in 1827 for three nights in December 2013.  It's on the quieter side of the hotel and has a nice view (see my pictures).  I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Encore.  It's a smaller hotel on the north side of the Strip, so if you're looking for something with a lot of casino action, then this is not the place for you.  It has a few high end shops in between Encore and the Wynn hotel.  It's a easy, quick walk to the Wynn.  . . The room has a large bathroom with separate bathtub and shower and an additional door for the toilet.  There is a large closet with a luggage rack and small safe (set your own combination).  We had a large king bed that was very comfortable and more importantly, the pillows were soft and fluffy.  There is several dressers for your clothes, a mini-fridge with all sorts of drinks and a mini-snack bar.  Towards the end of the room, there's a nice couch and a desk and chair.  Then, there's the large bay window so you can view Vegas!  The TV swivels 270 degrees, so you can watch it either from the bed or the couch.. . Everything is top notch - room, service, concierge, interior, casino, restaurants, and clubs.  The only thing that wasn't in service when we were there was the pool.  It was drained and closed.  I would imagine the hotel was preparing for Christmas and New Year's.. . I liked the fact that the parking lot is right next to the hotel entrance, so you don't have to walk a mile in order to reach the casino/hotel entrance.  If you have a car, like we did, then it's an easy drive to all the other hotels on the Strip and to the old downtown Vegas (which I heard has been improved tremendously).. . At Encore, you will most likely be charged the $25 resort fee on top of the room rate.  You may be able to find better rates on hotwire, hotels.com or priceline rather than going to the encore website.. . Xie Xie!
One of my favorite places to stay when I am in town.  I have never been disappointed with anything here.  Steve Wynn definitely knows what people desire in a resort.
This was not my first time at Encore, I'm a regular here, the best hotel to stay in Vegas, no comparison.. This time, I was there for our anniversary, and  I just want to thank Joyce  at front desk, she is a sweet heart!. With her great customer service level, she checked us in and surprised us by sending a beautiful card along with chocolates to our room later!. Thank you Joyce and thank you Encore for having the best staff.. Five stars all the way.
