I love the beer, ambience, music and potato wedges!!!!!!! Can't get enough of this place!
We came for a meal and stayed 4 hours. My wife was dancing on the table and she doesn't even drink. The party atmosphere is contagious. Good food, good drinks, good service..what's not to like.
Warning, this place is LOUD, and just as it is loud, it's FUN!. . The food is hit or miss. Luckily, mine was a Hit!. . Sauerbraten - . Marinated "Pot Roast Bavarian Style" with Red Wine, Vegetable Strips, Potato Dumpling and Red Cabbage. .         The Pot Roast melted in your mouth, the Red Cabbage was excellently made and the Potato Dumpling... was a lump of dough, haha. . The 1Liter Steins are Awesome to say the least. The pretty girls walk around with shots and one girl walks around offering to paddle people. Yup- preeeetty interesting to see, as long as it's not you hahahaha!. . I can't wait to come back to this place with a bunch of crazy friends!
Every time I come to Vegas this is a MUST stop partially because I'm madly in LOVE with Jagerschnitzel!! Pork cutlet topped with creamy mushroom sauce, bacon, onions served with spatzle, drooling yet? I AM! This is by far my favorite meal here with beer served in mugs the size of my head, singing, dancing, community style tables it's nothing but GOOD TIMES. DAS BOOT!
Great authentic German food. Great live music. Dancing on tables, litres of beer, in a large dining hall. Whats not to love.
The serendiptious joy of finding this place was trebled when, for our Friday night reservation, two of our guys came straight from the airport, having just of flown in from the East Coast. They were a little jaded and needed a pick me up.. . " Vodka and Red Bull" they asked of our buxom and broad shouldered server. . . None of us knew what was coming next, and boy was it a magnificent joyful pleasure. The sheer terror on our friend's face as he was asked to clench his fists, lock his knees and spread his legs. She even asked him to move to the vacant table beside us, as she could not get a good swing in as there was a pillar blocking her at our table. . . There were tears in his eyes, and he may never order Red Bull again.. . Great food, great beer, great beer hall atmosphere.
Sehr sehr gut! (that means very very good by the way!) . I would travel to Vegas just to eat here and see "O." Ja, ja!!! . The portions are huge. The service has always been good. The beer is cold and oh so refreshing after being in the hot sun all day. The entertainment is fun. The spankings are a riot to watch. Oh yeah... they have a big ol wooden paddle that the servers seem to enjoy using a little too much. But it's all in good fun (as long as you aren't on the receiving end...unless you like that sort of thing....but then that's between you and the paddle! This is Vegas after all!) . I mean really! What more could you ask for?Just writing this makes me want to book a trip to Sin City!
Went there Saturday night, and it was a blast! Great beer, we got one at the front bar, went in to the haus, saw the stein competition, sang a bunch of songs, and we parted ways. It was a lot of fun, and definitely a great place to stop by and have a beer.
The beer and music are so good that I can't give an honest assessment of the food.  I'm usually two litres and one huge pretzel in before I get any sausages, weinerschnitzel or other German delights.  I don't even know what I eat here...honestly.
Drunken singing and chicken dancing, pounding of HUGE steins, sausages, standing on chairs, jager shots followed by getting wacked with a wooden paddle.... What more can you ask for???. . We have an Awesome time every time we come here! A must stop for us every trip to Vegas. Hard Rock is right across the street. Perfect for some drunken gambling!
Ah the Hofbrauhaus house. I've been to the Hofbrauhaus house several times and I'd say on every Vegas trip I go, I try to make it a point to go to this fine establishment. Mind you, the 4 stars may be misleading; I honestly can't remember the food too much, except on the way out sometimes. . The 4 stars has to do with the vibe of the restaurant, the amazing beer and the fantastic service. . . The service is great; they encourage drinking and make sure everyone has a good time. A performer would come down to each table and drink beer with the table. I remember one performer telling us he loved his job - he gets paid to party with guests! . . The beer is delicious. If you are looking for the Naughty Ice and the Paps of the world, this may not be the place for you. (In no means do I dislike naughty and Paps, they got me through college; but sometimes you want a change of pace). My favorite beer is the hofbrau original, but I've tried them all, and they are all top quality beer imported from Germany. They serve the beer in these huge liter glasses and gives you that European feel (So I've heard, although I've never been to Europe).. . The best reason for the 4 stars is the vibe of the establishment. Everyone is merry, the music is jovial and the staff holds games throughout the night that you can play to win a glass or other prizes. Think chicken dances, holding your beer up the longest and spankings! The tables are the long type tables that force you to be cozy with your neighbors. I typically wouldn't like this, but the place has such a friendly atmosphere that it's really fun that way. . Man, writing this post makes me want to do a quick run to Vegas...
Nice place -- great to stop by on the way to the airport.  Very friendly staff, and the seasonal dark wheat beer is fantastic!
I love this place. I always have a good time here. The food is very good. Everyone I have brought here has raved about the food. They have a live band playing German music. The atmosphere is very similar to a Oktoberfest. The house beer is very good too. The cheesecake is the best I have ever had. . . On this trip we started with a beer and jumbo complete pretzel. Everyone loved it, even my girlfriend who does not care for breads. The waiter was very friendly and talked with us for awhile answering all our stupid questions about Germany and it's culture. Before the food was served the band played the chicken dance. Unfortunately that night only my girlfriend and me joined the waiter to do the dance. What is up with that? . . I got the Allgauer Kasespatzle which is similar to mac and cheese. My girlfriend ordered the Munchner Weisswurste and Richard ordered the sampler plate which had sausage, pork chop, pork tenderloin, and sauerkraut. He shared the tenderloin and the review was that it is amazing. For dessert we had the cheese cake and apple strudel. . . I like to try and visit to place on every trip to Vegas. The more people in the group the better. The restaurant is in it's own building and parking is free and right next to the place. There is a gift shop too.
Was in Vegas for a week for work and this was by far my favorite dinner of the week.  The food was excellent, reminded me of the days of my youth when I lived in Deutchland for a few years.  The atmosphere was authentic German fest hall and the great beer just topped it all off.. . Theseating is communal around some large picnic tables.  We were sitting with a nice German family who were very nice but didn't sprecken sie English. . Had the Currywurst for my dinner and it was super tasty.  The German family dining next to us was eating the schnitzel and it looked really good as well.  I had trouble making up my mind when it came time to order.  No such difficulty when it came time to order my beverage.  "I'll have a liter of Hefe bitte". . They also had a pretty good umpah band playing the night we were there, with all the authentic German beer fest tunes.  Sweet Caroline, Who the F is Alice and so on...    Would not hesitate to go back here the next time I find myself in Vegas.. . If you sign up for their email news letter they will send you a coupon for a free beer!!. . Prosit!!
The atmosphere, food, and service made for one of the most fun dinners I've ever had. I loved every second I was here. This is a great place to start  the night right and is a must see. Make sure to get there before 10 pm if you plan on dining here because the dining area pretty much clears out after that.
Love this place. Authentic German hall type dining, live Polka Band- great setting, fun atmosphere (not a quiet place). I got the Jagerschnitzel which was perfectly cooked, spaetzle was dee-lish. Now the beer- the Lager was great and the Dunkel? (Dark Beer) was even better, and I am not even a dark beer person. Order a shot and get spanked with a paddle, good times. The beer, food and service could not have been better. Can't really ask for more- This place rocks!
Always Always a great time. . As I have noted in previous reviews (Der Biergarten in Atlanta)...........the States need more beer garden type places. . What better that Pork Products + Liters of Beer + Picnic Tables. . The ladies who go around and spank people are another added bonus. . . A riot..always fun to sing along with the band.
My wife and I went to the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich Germany and although it's not exactly the same, it's very close!  I've been to the one in Vegas twice and both times it was a good time and the food was great.  Go there with a group of friends and sit near the front of the restaurant on the long wooden tables or if it's just you and someone else there is a quieter more charming back room. Enjoy!
Fun atmosphere, great Beer, live music.  We had a great time with my in-laws here. . . Get the giant pretzel appetizer, the biggest beer, a dish with sauerkraut,  and sit back people watch and have great conversations in the beer hall.
Great food , live music. Lots of fun
Fun for all and mostly going there with friends! Good beer and lots german activity!
This place is always great! Beer is excellent, and comes by the liter or half liter, there is good entertainment and contests!
Been there many times. Great food. I love their Friday lunch special: Fried cod and their German potato salad is the best potato salad I have ever had. The waitress's are fast and friendly.
HOFBRAUHAUS!!!. Yell it like Schwarzenegger running into a copter. . We rolled up in a huge limo with a fireplace for $40 bucks. . Entered into a huge hall of loud, piping polka music and more 1L beer mugs than I imagined heaven would have. . Bought Jager shots from the lady with the paddle. . Got spanked by the lady with the paddle. . Ate sausages. Drank beer. Got randomly pulled into a beer holding contest that I thought was a beer DRINKING contest. . . Only in Vegas.
The food and beer are great. Every time I visit Vegas I have to stop by and have my favorite dishes and a beer. I usually have the jagerschnitzel it's one of my favorites. I've been to the one in Munich also and it's just like being there.
Is there better pre-going-out food than sausage, spaetzle, mashed potatoes and sweet cabbage?  The answer, young padawan...is no. No, there is not.. . I visited HBLV post-Ghost Bar Day Club and pre-heading out for the night. Best decision of our trip.  Definitely recommend the veal bratwurst and cabbage plate (Majoram Plate).  Beer was tasty, cold, and large and we were able to purchase a paddling along with a shot for the gentlemen in our group, which was definitely entertaining.  . . Fun, unpretentious atmosphere and super tasty eats.  Ideal if you're staying at the Hard Rock, as it's right across the street.
A new favorite spot in Vegas! Super fun atmosphere combined with excellent beer & food. We met 3 German tourists while there, despite their broken English, we determined that everything is authentic. Will be back for sure.
This is one of my favorite restaurants ANYWHERE.  So good. So fun.
My friend and I ate here before going to see the magician Jan Rouven.  What a great, German-themed evening!. . This was our first visit to Hofbrauhaus and were instantly impressed by the design of the building.  We recently visited Germany and it reminded us of some of the towns we visited.  Our waitress, Michelle, was super friendly and helpful.  She was actually from Germany and we talked about some of the places we visited.. . The food was great and there is a large selection.  Definitely try the kasespatzle, which was one of my favorite dishes in Germany and they do a great job with it at Hofbrauhaus.. . Tip...the Hofbrauhaus website will give you a coupon for a free beer if you sign-up for their newsletter.
Best time ever. 4.5 hours of beer drinking goodness. I would come here every time I go to Vegas. . . 100% good for big groups!
SPECTACULAR! . . HB is quite possibly the most fun you can have in LV with your clothes on. . . The chicken schnitzel sammich is one of the best chicken sammiches you'll ever have! The beers are fresh, cold, and authentic. . . The waitresses wear traditional Bavarian garb. (Test your willpower: look them in the eyes.) . . The oompah band is excellent -- even if they won't play "Freeburd." The audience participation and contests are a hoot! . . The HB us exceptionally clean. . . The ceiling is a painted with Bavarian art. . . The Jaegermeister lady is delightful, even if she carries a BIG paddle. . . The only detractor is that it's a little loud. . . Michelle -- what a great waitress! . . Nevada is an open carry state: Jaegermeister in a holster and paddles in aprons.
I went there last weekend on my way to the airport.  I had the best time here on that  Sunday afternoon.  The entertainment was fun and Ute was the best!  Next time I go to Vegas this will be my first stop for sure!
The food and beer all taste OK. Nothing mindblasting. About 3 stars. Why did I give it an additional 2 stars? The entertainment! It's a cool place to bring out of town guests and have a blast. It's also a cool place to bring your significant other if they've been bad. Trick them into thinking they can have all this beer and once they are woozy you can trick them into getting a Yager shot/Paddle spanking! Haha, it was hilarious watching all these men getting paddled by the waitresses. There was yelping left and right and some guys even went for seconds! We convinced our guys to get a group spanking and one of them still had an imprint the next day! Haha awesome!
I have been in Vegas 22 years and have never eaten here....wow....LOVED IT! The meet melted in my mouth, everything was fabulous!! The shot girl gives spankings....hilarious! Excellent service, excellent food, was not super expensive....just all around super duper great!!!!! I will def go there again, will recommend to friends and strangers!!!!
The atmosphere here is awesome! Now don't expect a fine dining experience. You can expect full liters of beer, delicious wieners, German music, and a whole lotta lederhosen. This review may be a little bias due to me deep love for all things German. If you like German food and happen to be in Vegas stop by the Hofbrauhaus!
Super lunch, jaegerschnitzel and spatzle was wunderbar!  In fact , alles ist wunderbar, bitte kommen Sie und genieen Sie die schonen Madchen und Kellnerinnen.. . Um-pa-pa um-pa-pa!!
Love, love, love this place!  . . Perfect for groups!. . I bring participants here after seminars.
I came here after going to another bar for dinner.  It was so much fun!  They had this band that was playing great songs (Sweet Caroline was the first one they played when I got in there...THAT is fun to sing with a giant beer glass in hand...swinging it above your head).  They had a two story horn, similar to the Ricolla commercials, that they blew after hoisting it toward the ceiling.. . There is a woman that walks around with test tubes and a bottle of Jaeger.  Should you buy a shot from this well-muscled woman, she makes you stand, with your hands on the end of the table, whilst she paddles you.  She does not hold back.  Apparently, in my highly inebriated state, I did not think she was hitting me hard enough, and asked her to paddle me and hard as she did the boys.  MAN did that sucker hurt!  SO much fun, though!. . Also in my highly inebriated state, I convinced myself that I am fully bilingual and talked to a German man in, what I thought was, perfect Spanish.  Also, while swinging my giant beer mug where I thought was over my head, I smacked it into my tooth and it chipped.  I didn't fully remember this until the next morning when I found the chip.  This is besides the point, but pretty amusing to my bar-mates and I.  . . The food...I had some kind of cheese vegetarian thing.  I can't remember even vaguely was it was called, but it was so, so delicious, with shoe string onions on it!  Everyone in my party really liked their food.
We absolutely love Hofbrauhaus, and always make it a point to swing by here whenever we're in vegas.  Nothing beats a cold stein of Dunkelweis and a plate of Jagerschnitzel acoompanied by live German bands and 30 foot horns!
Love, love, love this place! Such a great atomsphere and the food is really good as well! Don't forget to buy a jager shot and get spanked. Really great place to go to with friends.
Great place for large groups.  Food was really good.  Beer was great.  Great overall experience.  Just don't get paddled!
How can you go wrong with beer, live music, German food, and good friends?!?!?. . You simply can't!. . Make reservations and bring your friends to this joint! It's a must! I've been to Germany and this brought me back to my trip. It was such a lively atmosphere! The food is yum and tons and tons of choices to choose from!. . Order this one shot where they surprise your friend with the shot and gives him/her a nice hard SPANKING with a wooden paddle!! It's hilarious and I heard it can really hurt! But maybe if you drink enough, you won't even notice!! :P. . I loved it when the whole place started singing together! It's so much fun and I would totally come back here in a heartbeat with the right group of friends who know how to have some fun!
Always a lot of fun!  Beer and sausage!  Friendly staff.  Usually there's a band or a guy playing music.  Today I had sausage and mashed potatoes and won a beer chugging contest!  Won a free stein and a nice buzz!
The pork shank was delicious. And I'm normally not a fan of dark beer, by theirs was pretty good (dunkel?). If you are planning on eating here, I suggest that you try to make reservations for the main dining hall. The atmosphere there is a lot more festive.
This place was sooooo much fun.  It was the best fun I had in Vegas the 5 days I was there.  I don't go to  "Adult" clubs or those sorts of places.. The service here was outstanding -Jennifer.. It was so loud in there, I am amazed they can hear us and have anything left in their voices.. The food (I had a steak) was perfectly cooked and served with delicious mashed potatoes.  It was fast.. And yes, I had the Jaegermeister shot and took the punishment - Jennifer again.  Owee!. It was a great atmosphere with all the people dancing and singing, and the band was awesome!. I cannot wait to get back to Vegas to go to this place again.
This is a fun place with authentic German food combined with an upbeat crowd. It is hard to express the explosive energy with joy and laughter along with incredible food. I am Eastern European and this is truly the food my grandmothers and mother made for me as a child.  I could go on and on but their signature dishes such as Schnitzel Wiener Art and Schweinebraten are beyond words and applestrudel is so mouth watering. Also, the atmosphere is infectious with wonderful service. There is even a beer garden!. . I almost forgot about the spanking and the celebrity beer tapping. Stratosphere headliner Frankie Moreno did an outstanding job tapping the year's dark wheat beer. Order a shot of Jagermeister and you too can be paddled!
Awesome place! Great Atmosphere! Great People!
Here is a good place to get a PG-13 version of two Vegas staples--alcohol and breasts.  Just don't come here expecting traditional Bavarian culture.. . While it's a hell of a great time, this Hofbrauhaus is not authentic.  I don't know how much they're trying to be, but they're not, and that's okay.  I have been to the real thing in Munich several times, and I assure you that the similarities are skin-deep (and even in Munich the HbH is the most commercialized of all the traditional beer halls).  This place looks beautiful, the beer is just as great (lager, dunkel, or hefeweizen--all are excellent), and of course the waitresses boast dirndls and bountiful cleavage.  . . In Munich, they do a brisk tourist business but there is a healthy local presence:  one room has a large rack covering one entire wall, like a wine cage, where the regulars store their personal steins.  In Vegas, the only locals are the staff.  The Munich HbH is a crossroads of the globe and you may make new friends from a dozen countries within a few hours.  In Vegas, you will meet people from Buffalo, Tupelo, and Modesto.  Still, you will meet people and have fun with them.  In Munich, the place is packed to the roaring rafters by 7pm.  In Vegas, the place is still half empty at that time and suffers from the loss of conviviality.  In Munich, an oompah band makes the rounds every half-hour or so.  In Vegas, three skinny white guys make do with guitar, bass, and keyboard.  Oh, and in Vegas there is a restroom attendant.. . But that's all okay, because like I said, it's a great time.  There is still a lot of energy in the room, the staff are wonderful (especially our waitress Rebecca), and the beer and food are awesome.  DO NOT MISS the onion mustard and Obatzer cheese that come with the "pretzel complete" and check out the delicious crispy pork shank, after 4pm Saturdays only.  Plus they have added a uniquely American touch--whenever you down a shot, you get spanked by a waitress wielding a wooden paddle.  Those ladies mean business.  Great photo opportunity to embarrass your friends.. . If you want to have a great time with a group of friends and get away from the standard debauchery, you cannot make a better choice than the Hofbrauhaus Las Vegas.
My husband and I just had dinner here.. fantastic!!! We will be back. My Bierkutscher Steak was cooked to perfection and my hubbys Jagerschnitzel was divine! Anyone wondering where to eat in Vegas if you want a bit different this place is tops! Our server Vivian was awesome too!!
Loved this place!  Most people who have been to Vegas numerous times don't even know about it.  We just happened to be staying at a hotel nearby and drove by it several times and it was also recommended in Frommer's.  What fun!  Great food - we chose the appetizer sampler which included variety of sausages, sauerkraut, potato salad and pretzels.  Yum!  We also had apfelstrudel for dessert.  There was live entertainment and we were lucky enough to be there at the same time as a bachelor party which made the atmosphere at 2:00 in the afternoon very boisterous!  We totally enjoyed it and loved finding a place off the strip that was so fun and had good food, too.
WoW! This place rocks!. . Awesome time, awesome experience, if your with the lads then this is where to kick of the party!. The music is loud, everyone more or less joins in some way or another in terms of singing or entering the beer competition on stage, the host is awesome and drunk throughout the night. This place is as good as Oktoberfest Munich. . . If your planning on going on the Friday or Sat night, then ensure you book your reservation on their website so you have a better chance of being where the music is, otherwise you will be seated at the back which is more reserved.. . Beers are about $15. Jaeger shots $7.. Recommend to go in a large group.
Been here a few times for drinks, LOVE IT! So fun, always a loud and happy place to hang out. Fun for a big group of friends or just good for a date night.. . Came out for dinner with the bf and Gabriela was our server. Was funny, attentive and got our orders right and was GREAT at refilling our mugs. . . I dig this place. Highly suggest the chicken sandwich it is HUGE.
Sit down, buy a round of shots, and brace yourself for a great time. If you want to get away from the strip and looking for good food, beer, and entertainment then you need to seek out the Hofbrauhaus.  They serve tasty authentic German food as you would expect, but their beer is why I keep going back.  Their Hefeweizen is still the best beer I've ever had.  I like to order it by the liter, but they do serve it by the pint you lightweights.  Their Hofbrau Original is not bad either and they have seasonal beers too. . . After you've had your meal and a couple of beers order your friends a shot of Jagermeister or apple sours(taste like apple juice, but kicks like a mule) and when the drink arrive pull out your camera and record as your friends get spanked.  The waitresses and JagerGirl will paddle you right at your table for all to see. . . Once the you've had a few shots you'll be sing along with the polka band and you'll be throwing change from across the hall into the tuba (totally expectable  behavior)..  . When you get ready to pay make sure you brought enough cash because the prices are on the high side. My party of four was there just about an hour and spent about $200, and that was on a light drinking night.   Yes it's expensive, but I think its well worth the money. You're not just pay for a meal and drinks your paying for an experience and a really good time.
What a great place to meet and have lunch or dinner.  We went on a Wednesday afternoon for my son's 21st birthday and loved it!  It was early so we missed the best atmosphere when they have the group singalongs.  . . Even if you don't drink beer, the food and environment is worth going for and the desert was incredible! . . Definitely worth a visit the next time your in town, in the area,  or in the mood for some excellent German food and beer.
Keg tapping ceremony with Frankie Moreno was tonight. Food was great. Music was awesome. Absolutely will be coming back again next trip.
This review maybe a little biased because of how much fun I was having on this night, but I must say, this place is A GREAT TIME!. . I had been once before for lunch with my parents when there was no band, no crowds, and hardly any beer drinking. . . On Saturday night, my girlfriend and I came here with a friend not knowing what to expect. We were wandering the gift shop waiting to be seated and all we could hear were screams and cheers and loud music and grown men screaming in pain as they are paddle spanked by adult women. WILLINGLY spanked by women with a large paddle. Hysterical. . . We were seated at a table right in front of the band where a group of four were already sitting, drinking, and having a great time. Immediately upon our entrance, the band asked everyone to stand up or stand on the tables for the National Anthem. Drunk people swinging their mugs around and shouting out their American pride! Such a funny experience! . . We immediately ordered beers and a pretzel. The Hofbrau Original beer was delicious! I am not a huge beer drinker, but this beerwas smooth and had a wonderful light taste to it. We must have ordered at least 8 of them throughout the night. When the pretzel came out, it was huge and salty and soft and delicious. The dipping sauces (there were two different mustard and one cheese) tasted great, especially the cheese! It may have been because we were feeling a bit tipsy, but we really enjoyed the pretzel and the three of us ate it up in a hurry. . . My girlfriend and I shared the HB Riesenbratwurst, which was a slightly small sausage on a roll with sauerkraut and onion mustard. It tasted delicious! The sausage was a bit smaller than I expected, especially for the price, but the overall flavor combinations were wonderful. Again, this may be attributed to my buzzed taste buds, who knows? . . As the night progressed, there were many toasts made and many people brought up to the stage for chugging contests and songs and dances. People watching was the greatest and everyone was really friendly and excited to be there. . . Bottom line: it's impossible to not have a good time here on a Friday or Saturday night UNLESS you do not enjoy the following: making friends, loud music, toasts and drinking delicious beer, German horns, and some good old fashioned comradery.
Been here only two times and both times were for bachelor parties! Epicness!! We reserved for more than 10 people and can accomodate even more if needed. Service is quick and the entertainment is well... entertaining! Nothing but a taste of some almost real oktoberfest in good ole las vegas! OI OI OI !
Awesome!! Great food, great beer, and great atmosphere with the live music and hall like seating. The Dunkel style beer is my favorite here, to me it has the most flavor then the rest of their beers. But try them yourself, they are all good. They serve them in different size: 16oz, 24oz and 34oz mugs. . . Ask for the sausage sampler that come with a pretzel and two mustard and sauerkraut. At about $28; worth it. Their food, from the hamburger, to the Schnitzel, to the Sauerbraten, you can't go wrong here. . . p.s. for every Jagermister shot you order, you get one spank in the ass with a large wooden paddle. Some spanks look and sounds like really hurts. So be warned.
Great food and great fun!!!! Highly recommended
I love this place, always have a great time here. It's off the strip so you need to take a cab or bus. This beer hall is a duplicate of the original in Munich. They are located throughout the world and all look / feel the same. The highlights:. . - Amazing food. Lot's of traditional German / Bavarian dishes. - Good German beer. - Great service. - Like real German beer halls, you sit at long tables with other visitors. You make a lot of new friends from around the world. - Cool German bands. - Fantastic apple strudel . - They sell fresh roasted beer nuts - so good...... - Great party atmosphere, I stumble out of here regularly. . If you buy shots, Blond women in tight clothing will spank you HARD with a wooden paddle. Not sure I get this part but someone gets it every few minutes. . . Highly recommended.
I've never been to Germany, but this place made me want to go.  Our waitress WAS German and she was the sweetest lady, I hugged her when we left.  I loved the music, the beer, the pretzels, the German dogs, the atmosphere was so happy and fun.  I even got a spanking! What more could you want??? ;). . I will be there again for sure!
this place was great.music was awsome.food was good.they some ufc fighter tap the kegwould love to visit it again.
Love this place! Been to the original one in Germany, and the first time I walked into the one in Vegas, I felt like I was back in Europe! The pretzel combo is awesome! It's a great place and always an awesome time!  It can be a little $$$, so just be careful!  I have found that some of the plates are rather large so sharing is what we normally do!  Weekends tend to get a little crowded (around 730-8pm), so making a reservation (inside the beer hall) is what i recommend!  All the servers have been awesome, except for when they litterally chase you down in the gift shop and remind you that if you buy something it HAS to be under their name... strange and annoying, but other then that, the food and atmosphere is amazing!  A great place for any celebration have it be a birthday, a reunion or just life!
A brilliant German beer festival or Oktoberfest type Bar and Restaurant.  If your looking for a loud, fun and wonderfully bizarre place to spend an evening - Hofbrauhaus is the place to be.  Very cool place, all waitresses wear low cut tops and are very friendly.  Everyone has a beer in their hand and is singing along to music, there are drinking games and the crowds are encouraged to join in the fun...someone even jumped on the table and started to do what looked like a morris dance lol.  The food menu is lovely - typically themed - various sausages, sauerkraut, pretzels and Roast pork...as well as a salads, cold meats and cheeses. Live music is played and if you get a spanking from a waitress (not a gentle spanking either) you get a free shot.  Drinking games with a yard of ale, and everyone is friendly and clinking beer glasses together.  This is truly an experience you must try whilst in America's playground - Las Vegas.
The food is great, so is the service. The entertainment, Johann is so good we went back the next day with our friends. We will be going back here again and again. Try the cheesecake, yum."
Out of all the touristy traps I've seen throughout my years going to Las Vegas, this is one that isn't even a trap at all!!. . Built to capture the spirit and energy of the Munich Bier Halle in Germany, Hofbrauhaus offers so much fun!  While the sausages are so-so, the pot roast dishes are very delicious and satisfying.  You can wash your food and dessert down with any of their imported brews; I highly recommend the Hefe Weissen in a liter stein (if you can handle your drink).. . And yes, they even have the boot-shaped beer glasses ;). . It's right across the Hard Rock Hotel, and off the strip from the drunken bros and hoes who would otherwise ruin your night!
You want to get drunk? Then this is the place to be! Hofbrauhuas Las Vegas has that tent-like feel just as if you were at the real tent in Munich along with the rowdiness and fun that comes along with this place  Food is decent but who comes here to just eat? You get food so you can absorb all the beer that is available in abundance in this establishment!  Beer beer and more beer! Prost!
Good fun, great food and the atmosphere makes you feel like your not in Vegas. Love this place.
I love German food!!!! I have always loved German food!!!! . . Oddly enough, Vegas is a German food Mecca of sorts - at least for our part of the country. I was amazed at how many German places I saw around Vegas! Especially since the town is not the biggest. I actually got to try two places and one of them was the fabulous Hofbrahaus!. . I know that German food is not one of the most well known cuisines in the world since it is so simple but if you get to try it you will see there is true beauty in its simplicity!. . To start with Hofbrauhaus is beautiful inside and out. The building looks like traditional German architecture on the outside and inside. The ceilings are high and they are painted really nicely. They have a stage for live bands too! Seating is on large tables with benches just like you would expect in a Munich beer hall!. . My BF and I came here on our last day in Vegas and I decided to treat him with the money I got from the machines!. . What is really cool, and even impressive is that some of the food items are actually flown in from Germany!!!! We had a large freshly flown in pretzel to start with and we found out that the red cabbage, bratwurst and sauerkraut are also flown in!!!! We had the veal bratwurst, the chicken bratwurst and two beers. Mine was a incredibly good special seasonal beer! We also tried the apple strudel which was also flown in! Everything was seriously very tasty!. . This review, of course, is not truly complete since I did not get to be here during Oktoberfest! The ambience here must be truly incredible when it is that time of year! However, if this place gets five stars without all the excitement of Oktoberfest - it truly must be good and, trust me it is. . Service was pretty good! While you wait they give you interesting little newspapers with all kinds of information about the restaurant and its events. Next time we come I will make sure we get to check out one of the live bands! Expect to spend a great deal of what you win at the machines haha! This place is not cheap! I shelled out about $90 for two with tip included!. . Parking is no problem as you would expect in most places in Vegas! There is a large lot adjacent to the restaurant.
Wow!  Let me start off by saying be prepared for quite the experience!  . . I love Vegas because two of my favorite things are in one place!  Eating and Clubbing! The Hofbrauhaus is a GREAT place for ridiculously delicious German food.  I had the schnitzel, because I mean, come on, you can't NOT get Schnitzel from a German restaurant.  When the plate came out, it was HUGE! OMG! Two people could have shared one and still had leftovers, it was that massive.  The schnitzel came with gravy and spatzle and my oh my, it was AMAZING!!  I've been to Germany and had Schnitzel, so this took me right back to Europe.  I'm so bummed that I couldn't eat the whole thing, but if you ever visit Vegas, this place is a must!!!. . As for the experience I was talking about.  Seating is communal in the sense that their tables look like giant picnic tables where you can sit with your own party or join other groups of people.  The beer comes in these HUGE jars that are used for "Prost"-ing, which is the German term for "Cheers".  This act of saying cheers is slightly frightening when surrounded by a bunch of drunk people.  At the Hofbrauhaus, it's common for people to stand in their seats and when they "Prost" they slam their glasses together in the hopes of exchanging beer into each other's glass.  A forewarning, be prepared to leave drenched in beer with potential glass shards on your clothes.  When the energy level goes up in this place, it gets loud, rowdy, and chaotic!  In addition, when you order a shot of Jagermeister, after you take the shot, they use a large wooden paddle and, literally, spank you with it!  It's hilarious to watch after you've already had a few, but when you get paddled, don't expect to sit down right away!. . With all that being said, if you're in Vegas and want the perfect place for a great time with great food and great company, this is most definitely the spot to hit!
Go go go - fun place to go.  Yes we all got are booties whacked for the shot.  Very friendly place.  I'm not a fan of German food really, but this was really good.  We tried the schnitzel which was yummy.  The lamb shank was delicious.  Lots of food so beware if you order an appetizer.  Just a fun place!
Yes, yes I am aware of the stigma. This place is soooo touristy, but accept that shit. Get over it, and start appreciating the bomb ass food and drink they serve!. . I've come here twice. Once for beer, which was great and fair priced for the quantity, and another time for the food. We ordered the sampler tower that came with three tiers of food. It was more than enough food to feed me and another person.. . In actuality, the food is what really propels my rating of Hofbrauhaus to a five star. The sauerkraut and red cabbage are amazing. The spaetzle was especially fantastic. Overall the food reminded me of what I would have gotten back in Germany (I studied there for a summer). Truly amazing. I believe this ran about $20? So $10 for two.. . My only gripe is with the waitress. We had gone during the holiday season, and she kept trying to hustle us to buy merchandise. Apparently the staff was having some type of competition. She kept hard selling t-shirts, mugs, and everything else to us when we had told her we weren't interested at the very beginning. It was actually very desperate and awkward. After our final decline it looked like she was pissed and then indifferent to servicing us at all haha. One of the stranger waitress experiences I've encountered in a very long time.. . Nonetheless, that does not deter my phenomenal review of the food and beer. Just work on the service, Hofbrauhaus...
OMGOSH! This place is amazballz!  The beer was soo good, the schnitzel was to die for and the entertainment..well.. lets just say we were there for 4 hours and were entertained.   Spankings included. :). . I also had a peak in the back indoor patio area.. it was soo cute and quaint.. . Had a blast! xoxox
The concept is great, long tables that you share with other parties, service was great, animation was really fun with all kind of live folkloric music and the whole crowd singing in a good mood.. The food was not outstanding but good.. I would go back there, it's fun.
Had a great time. They offered a great German eating experience that I have never been to before.
You must come here if you come to Vegas. Totally like a traditional beerhall in Germany. Don't forget your shots! You need to get spanked here. This place is so much fun and the band gets you singing and enjoying your time even more. You're compelled to meet your neighbors at your table and all have a great time. . . I'll tell you this, if you are in a group, just get a few dishes, the portions are huge and the beer steins are HUGE.  If you are with one other person, get one dish. . . Forget the whole touristy stigma of a beerhall in Vegas - you are in VEGAS!!! Do It!!. Sing and drink and eat with your friends. You will have the best time here.
My friends and I went on a Monday night. We only had to wait about 2 minutes to be seated. The restaurant seating is set up family style with multiple long picnic tables. We luckily got a table to ourselves. There was a live house band playing (very loudly) from the time we arrived till we departed. I ordered Bavarian Liver Mousse & "Obazda" (Cheese Specialty) as an appetizer. It was very good. I would recommend ordering an extra pretzel because there is a good amount of liver mousse and Obazda. For dinner I ordered Marjoram (Veal Bratwurst) which was amazing! It comes with a side of red cabbage which was so tasty. For desert I ordered Schwarzwalder Kirschtorte (Black Forest Chocolate Cake). The plate was decorated so beautifully I almost didn't want to ruin it by digging in. The cake was so rich I wish they had milk, but my water worked fine. All in all the food was amazing. The atmosphere is very upbeat and loud. I almost forgot! When you order a shot of Jagermeister your waitress or the Jager girl gets to spank you with a wooden paddle. From the looks on the various guys who I witnessed getting spanked, it seemed to hurt.
A Mini Version of the Munich Hofbrauhaus where they actually fly the beer in. It's like Oktoberfest every night. I visit every time I visit Vegas and I'm never disappointed. Liter German HB Beers are about $15 each and the food is imported and cooked up by German Chefs. . There's usually a live band with great music and usually some folks dancing about. . You owe it to yourself not to waste your money on the haughty over priced places on the strip and splurge a little here instead.
ZIIGGGY ZIGGGY ZIGGGY Oi Oi Oi!. . We had a pharmacy gathering here for oktoberfest & it was amazing.  I ordered desserts as always & it tasted amazing! I ordered a three-tier dessert and each tier was very different.  I dont recall what they were cause I was pretty buzzzzz from the beer, but I remembering enjoying them. I have tried their salads & pretzels.  The salads and pretzels are my favorites and it is a must try.  . . The place does get noisy and rowdy, but that makes the place even crazier and fun.  Overall, the service was good, our waitress was very friendly and made sure we had our orders correctly and would come back here again!
Make sure you get Apple Schnapps and get a spanking to go  with it! Came for my 25th birthday and had the best night of my life! If you love beer this is the place to be, had a liter of Dunkel and tasted like it was straight from Bavaria
Another gem off the strip in Vegas. Wonderful food! Wonderful atmosphere! and wonderful service. One of the most unusual places in Vegas and I am a regular from the east coast that goes out 2-3 times per year. Would recommend this to anyone but especially a large group. What fun!
Excellent food but it can be very loud.  The entertainment is great with just one man performing for quite a while.  I've been to Germany and the Hofbrauhaus Platte is quite possibly better than anything I had while there.  If you like good German food, make this a stop on your list.
Munich via Vegas.  Totally legit.. Loud, obnoxious, happy and fun----Oktoberfest every day.  . . 5 stars because they have kartoffelknodel, which is (ironically) very difficult to find at german restaurants these days.   Food is on par with ...well, Germany.. . Parents: this place is fine for kids (they enjoy the energy), but it's entirely too noisy here for infants.  Don't be idiots.
amazing atmosphere & service!
Great service, excellent beer, and the food is hard to beat! Recommended!
this place is a blast!   like being in Munich all year...we celebrate alot of occasions here and always fun..good food..
Yeah baby, this is as good as it gets (at least this side of Munich). Great food, beer and gemuetlichkeit. It's the happiest place in Las Vegas. Of course afterwards you feel drunk and over ate to a point where you might throw up, but it's all worth the trip. . . I wanna go back so bad..............
This was an awesome experience, I've never been to any place like this, and have never been so exposed to the German culture. Tons of fun, food was good, beer can get expensive because its $15 to buy a liter... But it's very good beer and well worth it.
Amazing German food and beer!!!! The atmosphere is awesome with a live German band and people having fun. Hard to find German beer is my favorite I order a dunked and a lemonade drink half the dunked and dump the lemon into the other half it's so good. And make sure you by a shot while your there it's a must
Eat, drink, and be merry... mostly drink!!  It's a Bavarian beer wonderland.  Tickey tockey, tickey tockey, Prost Prost Prost!  The brew band is a lot of fun with hits like the 'Don't forget to drink' song and 'It's time to drink'.  The beer and food is yum yum in the tum tum.  Be warned though, the food is quite rich & heavy.  . . You'll notice the Jagermeister shot girls working the floor.  Apparently if you opt to do a Jager shot with these gals they'll spank you with a vented paddle that reminds me a frat house spanking stick.  Some of the girls gave folks a gentle little pat pat, and then there were others who really wound up and whacked the crap out of their customers.  So if you plan to partake in the Jagers & spankings, you might want to strategically select your shot gal.. . Use caution in the parking lot, as there are a lot of panhandlers.
Geez.. Some uptight people here. Yes, it's a tourist trap. Are you expecting world renown chefs from GERMANY to be cooking here? Ugghh.. It's all about fun, food, beer and atmosphere. It's loud and fun and expensive. I don't make a habit of going every week but maybe every few years. Always good food, happy beer girls and laughs abound! -- Geez, people.. Lighten up! My 2 year old loves this place! He literally told me "i love it, Mama", when I fed him my roast beef. :)
Me and my beer and wine friends went to vegas last summer for july. We drove out . to vegas to get a bite to eat and some good brew.. Friends mentioned a german beer house.. Unbelievable party spot!!!! This is a place to eat, drink and be merry . _____________________________. Staff treated us with upbeat attitude.. . A must visit while in vegas.
Hofbrauhaus used to be a hidden gem in Vegas, simply because it was off strip, but now it's getting quite popular.  The food is great and filling, the perfect food to down a few beers with and prepare yourself for Vegas fun.. . The atmosphere is also really lively.  It reminds me of a large cafeteria, and there's entertainment.  And the staff is very nice.  If you're looking for something away from the strip, I'd come here.
Had the pleasure of meeting  Klaus and his family last night while having a rocking feast at the Hofbrauhaus.  Now for those who have been to the original in Munich, don't expect the same experience.  The Munich one has been around for a long time and is both a local hangout and a tourist attraction plus the beer isn't quite the same.  Still The LV version provides a taste of the german brew house.  The pretzels are unique to the area and bigger than your head.  The schnitzel is excellent and the portions large.  The beer pricing is reasonable and it is always fun to waive a liter of beer around.  The band always gets the crowd up on the tables and the servers are friendly.  Watch out for the paddle!!!. . Great place just across from the HRH in an area that is starting to get a late night crowd as more pubs open nearby.  There is free valet parking (tip those guys, they work hard) or you can park for free at the hotel next door.
We had a lot of fun here for my grandma's 75th birthday!  The musicians were GREAT and created such a fun atmosphere!  Everything we ordered was delicious, and the service was fast and very helpful.  As locals, we can't wait to have more visitors just to bring them here!. . This spot has definitely become one of our favorite places to visit in Vegas.
I LOVE this place!  The food, environment, service, beer, band...everything - always amazing! I highly recommend stopping in when you're in the area!
This place is so much fun. Everybody is drinking gigantic beers and the german food is delicious. You pay a little extra but its worth it because the atmosphere is great.  Also, if you order a shot of jager, they will paddle you.  Seriously. And it hurts so good
Amazing place to meet amazing people. The only place with true authentic German beer.
For some good German food and a good spanking, go to Hofbrauhaus.  Great beer, great food, great service, and great atmosphere! Overall amazing place to go.  You are seated at long tables along side other groups of people and if you order a shot, or say it is your first time there, they spank you with a paddle.  That sound then ripples throughout the hall and you can feel the sting that the victim receives across their butt. Ha.  This place is awesome. I always get the Nurnberger Rostbratwurstl which is basically three pork sausages with a bed of sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.  And they have excellent Dunkel Weiss!! Get the boot!
If you are looking for a great start to a bachelor party or guys night out in Vegas then you have to try Hofbrauhaus. Huge steins of beer, a German girl dishing out shots and then punishing your friends with a wooden paddle, fun music, contests and an overall great atmosphere. Even if you aren't a polka fan (like me) you will find yourself clanking your beer glasses together and singing along with the other patrons. The food isn't the most amazing you've ever had but it is good and they give you big portions.
My 2nd time here, 1st time a friend and I  went on a January Saturday afternoon, was not crowded but filled up quickly.   Great authentic German food and beer. . 2nd time with family all adults including my 80 year old mother in law, on a Sunday late afternoon.  5 minute wait.  Again great service incredible food  incredible beer and 3 spankings.   We had a blast and will return every time I come to Vegas. . . I lived in Germany for 12 years and this is just as good as the food I got there
My first time trying out German food and this place is officially my favorite place to stop by in Vegas! I had no reservation but was seated right away. There was a Wedding reception happening and there were tons of people. The atmosphere was loud but enjoyable. This place was tons of fun and the staff was helpful. I ordered the Jagerschnitzel and O-M-G... delicious! Pork cutlet with mushroom sauce, bacon strips, and a side of cranberries sauce (which was my favorite part) and German noodles!! Boy... was I full... . . I will be coming back to try more of these yummy dishes!
You take a shot then the girl will spank you with a wooden paddle. You take another shot then she spanks you again. This is my kind of place. Ask me how many shots I got LOL. OK these aren't soft whacks these are home run hitting whacks. Be a good sport and TAKE IT!!!. . Here's why I gave them the full 5 star rating. It's so freaking awesome. When you enter the building you wait in relaxing lobby area where there's a very nice wooden bar with selves filled glass mugs and a fridge filled with beer bottles and kegs, the small ones. There's even a gift shop. Now when youre ready to go in the doors open up and there's a loud roar of craziness. People shouting, cheering, singing, dancing, and laughing. Glass mugs were all up in the air. The whole atmosphere felt like the movie Beerfest but without the teams and Miss Yeast. You sit at these large wooden table that probably fit 20. You order beer served in a 1 liter glass mugs, a plastic shoe, or a smaller glass cup. You order shots from your server and they bring them out in a wooden stick,  very nice looking but watch out cause that stick duals as a whacking paddle. There's also another girl dressed in black going around serving shots in test tubes, she'll really whack you. There's a guy going round looking for girls to hold his very long horn while he plays it. There's a few guys up in the front leading the cheers.. . Drinks aren't cheap and food is reasonably priced. Their giant pretzels weren't that giant but came with cheese, mustard, and another dipping sauce. I saw some plates of cutlet and sausages looked nice in portions. Located across the Hard Rock Hotel on Harmon and Paradise, a busy and dangerous intersection for people who stumble out so watch out for your friends. Gather up a dozen or so people and have good time, make new friends there. We needa Yelp event here LOL.
Loved it! Great sausage appetizers. Good drinks. The steak came with a crazy gravy with unreal mashed potatoes - thought I was going to pop I was so full. Quality food. Rowdy atmosphere so be prepared. Went with a group of 50 do it took 2 hours to get served but we were all drunk by then and the staff is liberal with giving the paddle to eager participants. Good experience overall. If u want fine dining this is not for you.
This place has been on my list to visit for a few years now and I finally made it over... I wish I had explored it sooner.. . It's been too long for me to remember the real Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany for comparison, but I sure felt like I was in a German beer hall.  The restaurant is divided into two dining areas.  The first is an open Beer Hall with large tables.  Perfect for larger groups.  Six of us were at a table with plenty of room to spare.  The second area is a Beer Garden which has smaller tables and more for a quiet(er) meal.   There's also a bar at the front of the building.  The Beer Garden seemed to be closed for a party when I was there.. . There's a band playing upbeat German style music. As other reviews mentioned, there's barmaids walking around with shots and will give you a paddling you haven't felt since you were in Junior High!  (Well, for those of us old enough to have been spanked before the world became soft and sensitive.)  This place was hopin' on a Tuesday night.  No... I didn't get paddled.. . The food was definitely close to being authentic German dishes.  It may not be something everybody can appreciate (like how some people can't stand Chinese, sushi or Mexican), but the flavor and quality was good.  The food ranges from snacks/appetizers perfect for simply wanting to have a night of drinking.  There is a variety of dishes if you want a meal.   I was happy with what I ate.  . . Now to the beer.... this is a GERMAN BEER HALL.  Go away if you're looking for Miller,  Coors or some fru-fru status symbol.  They only have German style beer here.  The selection is limited to several different beers, and they were all good.  . . If you're looking for a quiet, dull time where you can enjoy meaningful conversation and eat Americanized versions of another culture's food, then go someplace else.  If you're looking for a place with higher energy to have fun and experience something different, then this is a good place to try.. . Hofbrauhaus is on my short list of must-visit places whenever I return to Vegas.
First of all, if you don't have a taste for German food then you shouldn't even be here. If you go to the one in Munich, it's pretty much the same food...with less history of course.. . My family would come here for dinner and always have a good time. So, I chose this place for a work event. We had 350 attendees and reserving the Biergarten through Karen was easy-breezy. Our numbers kept changing but it wasn't a problem. We were well taken care of and everyone had fun. The service was outstanding. We had so much food that we had to take food home.. . I personally like their schnitzel and spatzl...and of course their lager and hefeweizen. For dessert, I like their Kirschtort (Black Forest cake).. . Take a shot of Jaegermeister and get paddled in public. Good times! Consider the following before setting up an event/ having a huge group here as there are fees if you: use their microphone, bring balloons, put an announcement/marquis, etc.
The Hofbrauhaus remains a great place to spend a few hours over lunch. German beer, sausages, and other yummy treats make it a good place to cure a Las Vegas hangover. Go sit down at the Oktober-style benches and enjoy treats you would only get in Munich itself.  On weekends you find Bavarian style entertainment, which consists of a man-show showing off odd skills like blowing a 20 feet long Alphorn. The place transforms any crowd into a huge party tent in the middle of the day. Recommendation to guys: Make sure you try the Jaegermeister / Butt Paddle action: You get a shot of herb-based liquor with a nice spanking from a busty waitress in a Dirndle outfit all in front of everybody.
I LOVED this place! So happy we came here this past weekend! Order the pork knuckle if you're here by 4PM or after, it's delicious! Our waitress was fantastic, very nice and helpful. The entertainer was cheesy but fun. Oh and you need to order a shot with a spanking, you just have to do it. It's fun =)
Great food and a great time with my Family! Yes, I'm the designated driver! Lots of ice tea!
