had a blast sunday night. table service was great. awesome music.
A thousand times better than Tao and Lavo combined. I went into XS at 11pm and left at 3am with nine polished nails and one naked nail, so you know I had fun. I love that the dance floor opens up to the pool area, which has plenty of seating. No need to get bottle service just because you want to rest your feet from a long night of dancing!. . Their restrooms have everything that you could possibly need, including cigs (2 dollars per), body spray, hair spray, etc. The bathroom attendants were on top of their game! . . Tip: be sure to contact promoters so you can get on the guestlist and get drinks comped. Drinks are so overpriced otherwise ($16). (Or pre-game!) The bar gets really crowded, but remember not to touch the bartenders; they don't like that (duh!).
Most amazing club that I have ever been to! Who would not like the fact that you can win money and get drinks on the house while in a club??. . Ratio was great and the atmosphere was something that I will never find in the SF bay. For sure I will return!
OH XS, why must you be so amazing!?. . Right off the bat, the vibe is upbeat and people are lookin' good! You walk through the doors, up the stairs, and as soon as you you turn that corner, BAM! A vision like no other! It's breath taking and when I show my friends this club for the first time, I love the look on their faces when they see this view! You can either go straight to the dance floor or go either right or left to outside or a bar..  . . Poles are scattered along the club for dancing and to top it off they have two platforms with poles. I am not going to say that I am in favor of those poles, but only in favor to see some females display the level of intoxication!! Hey, it's Vegas, what do you expect!?. . Feel like gambling!? Don't worry, XS has it covered! Walk along the patio seating and along the pool where you will find another bar and a "Party Pit' if you will.... One craps table and a couple blackjack tables as well! Of course, while actively gaming, your drinks are on the house!!. . I celebrated my birthday here last year and got the best service! Huge table and they even brought me a birthday cake! What girl doesn't like firework-like candles on her birthday cake!? My girlfriends and I danced the night away and what was great was that there was security always watching us.In Vegas, there are always groups of girls that go to clubs and it was nice to have a big buff guy there to keep an eye out!. . Music is loud and everywhere you look, people are having a great time! Staff is easy on the eyes and move as quickly as they can! The staff keeps this place clean as it is the most beautiful club in Vegas. I expect nothing less from a club located in a 5 star 5 diamond resort.. . Debating on going? Don't! You will have a blast! I believe the doors open at 10. If I were you, get on a guest list. The line gets pretty long!
If I could pick one club that I could go to in Vegas for the rest of my life, it would be XS.  I'd live there if I could.  Although I wish they'd play better music.  I know it's gotten better, but give me some more Top 40 stuff.  But I guess it's easier to lose your head to that crazy house music.  If you go during the summer, there's a high chance your friends will lose you in the place if you're intoxicated and you're running around.
this place is awesome.. for starters it is located in one of the best hotels in Vegas and i love the outside/inside thing they have going on.. Being from California i am not used to smoking inside.. i am not a big smoker but i enjoy one here and there when im drunk and in vegas so i loved the fact they had an outside seating area where you can smoke and still hear the music.. the dance floor is kinda small but i like to think of it as cozy.. if you get a table they are located around the dance floor.. i noticed a lot of guys had tables right next to the dance floor and just sat there watching chicks dance.. i kinda felt like a stripper for a hot second then i moved to the center on the dance floor and felt better! haha but whatever its vegas! check this place out.. get drunk.. dance your ass off.. and then end your night with someone you'll you never see again! hahaha im just kidding.. or am i?!
LOVE XS!!!. . The scenery, the people, the energy, everything.. . If you don't know anyone at the door, or have a table, you better be ready to wait a while in line, but its def worth it.. . XS is the best club in Vegas right now.
A gorgeous club and always packed! Not gonna lie I get guestlist requests for this place all the time! Big ups to my boy Ryan Perrings for taking care of me there all the time!
I love this club. Absolutely beautiful. Fun times always had. Music is mostly house but they sneak in a few songs to dance to. . . The club is indoors and outdoors. People were outside in 30 degree weather. Good times had whether one is freezing or not! . . The club was stupid packed but it was new years weekend. I wouldn't expect anything less.
Amazing would be an understatement if one were to describe this club. Once you walk into the complex, you can't help but be mesmerized by the lavish and glamourous interior design that was done to this place. . . As with any other vegas nightclubs, men had to wait in a line while our lady friends got in right away and for free. We were fortunate enough to have arrived early and only waited for 10 minutes. . . The service I received here was top notch. I ordered my usual drink at the bar, A Beautiful, and got it quick. Ordered 5 Beautifuls throughout the night and was having a blast. I go to the bathroom and was treated like a king. They turned on the water and put soap on my hands. They offer gum, tic tacs, toothbrush and toothpaste so you look and smell good for all the lovely ladies out in the dance floor. I couldn't help but tip them well for the excellent service!. . The crowd from when we went was amazing. Everyone was dancing and not just grinding up on each other. The DJ played a good variety of songs from the hottest hip hop and house music. . . Marquee at The Cosmopolitan has taken the title of the hottest club in Vegas from Xs but Xs is still a must go for all the club heads out there.
The best club in Vegas.. Smart layout, best looking and mannered people by far.
Favorite club of all time.
pretty much as good as it gets, inside and outside period.  the preparty was at tryst then rolled to xs and just like the name says everything is xs, on top of that we passed up the line and got in without missn a beat....nice to have connections
Arguably the best club in the United States, need I say more?
Food: n/a. Service: 4/5. Cleanliness: 5/5. Decor & Style: 5/5. . Well it is probably the nicest club I've ever been in my life. Obviously you're gonna need $$$$ and some more $$, and a little bit of $. But its Extremely fancy and its on the Strip, what else do you expect. Definitely worth checking out once. And if you have $$, come back some more!
Gonna say this now, XS is THE Best Club I've experienced. Theres so many reasons to like it, whether it be the young sexy crowd, the dj, the dancefloor, the music everywhere, the vip/bottle service, free cabanas by the pool....i cant even find a single con for this club. The energy is all here, come to XS, no questions asked.
I felt like I was in LA when I came here.. . I really enjoyed this place and thought it was amazing.. . One thing that sucks is the 1 hour wait in line to get in and the $50 entree fee.. . But when you're in, you'll have a blast
Amazing club! Would go back again in a heart beat!. *very spacious, not jam packed like other Vegas clubs. *nice cabanas and heat lamps for when it gets cold at nite. *pools for summer time pool parties. *poker table for those not big into dancing . *great music selection. *decent price for drinks not too expensive but not cheap . *sexy ass crowd. *plenty of VIP sections . *hot crew working there. . Ull def b pleased with everything this club has to offer!. Can't wait to go back!!
Still the best nightclub in Vegas.. what else can I say..
This club is definitely the BEST club I have ever been to in my life.  As soon as you walk in and see the pool surrounding the island bar and craps tables, you know that you are definitely doing it big in Vegas.  The place was awesome, very spacious, and crackin music.  The people were really nice, and there are a ton of places to sit even though you don't have table service.  Free cabanas, excellent vibe, and overall awesome experience.  This club made my trip to Vegas all worth it!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Always a good time here! . . Still the #1 club in Vegas by far!. . I've been going to xs since a few years back when it first opened and still can't find a better club that looks nicer then this! . . Ambiance is gorgeous with all the gold decor, the pool also brings a nice touch to it since you can lounge by the pool beds. Always filled with beautiful people that are down to have a good drunk time! :). . Only downside is.. It takes forever to get to the front of the bar to order a drink! Probably Bc it's always poppin and Everyones trying to buy the hot girl next to them a drink ;)
I LOVE XS. I've only been to a handful of clubs in Las Vegas, only because every time I go to Vegas I just HAVE to go to XS. This venue is, in my opinion, the largest and nicest you can get.  There's plenty of room unless it's winter time and they close off the outdoor area. There's black jack tables and plenty of cabanas and tables. All I remember is I always have a good time here.
THE EPITOME OF A VEGAS CLUB! Beautiful spacious gold infused setting with indoor and outdoor areas. Good music though heavy on the house nowadays. Hot go-go dancers. Strip poles if you wanna give it a try yourself or pick up some dollar bills. Poolside beds so that you can dip your feet in the water or take a nap. Hah hah. Just don't let security see you or you'll get kicked out. . . Everyone and their mamas is here (Trust... I've been here WITH my Mom. I wish I was kidding.) So go with a bunch of your girlfriends and 99% of the time some promoter will spot you and let you through. Love the in and out privileges that all Vegas clubs have so that you can wander around in the casino and check out other places in Encore such as Blush.. but ultimately end up back at XS. . . Good times every time we come here! I'll conveniently forget about the times I got kicked out on my birthday or ran away from security after spitting patron on him or accidentally pushing a host (whoops) or having to dance in close proximity to my parents...buzz kill!
OMG this place is the land of milk and honey!. . Ample poles to hang upside down from! Vibrant, electric crowd and tons of space to spread out instead of clawing for air like the night life in SF. The heated pool is not only luminous but gives a touch of romance to this place. . . Ladies, every guy here is either with their girlfriend or has hit on 40,000 girls prior to speaking with you :] lol. . the only nuisance, as with every other place I guess is I swear the breed of men in these establishments are so persistent and will hover at your bottle service area for about an hour til they finally fully understand the definition of "NO, THANK YOU"
The BEST club I have ever been to and it lives up to its name as absolutely excessive. As soon as you walk in you are surrounded by an amazing ambiance. The walls are covered in gold and bodies are coming out of them. Once you get through the hall you enter the open part of the club with an amazing view of the seating area, the dance floor, the pool, and patio. There are dancers up on elevated platforms surrounding the main dance floor. The music was brilliant and everyone had an amazing time!
best club in vegas BY far.. . get your name on the promotions list - get in for free, get some drink tickets...dance your ass off and keep your eyes open for celebs.. . got to see deadmau5 here for the XS 2 yr anniversary party...amazingggg. beautiful venue, beautiful / friendly staff. . . this club is the EPITOME of vegas. if you're in vegas, you can NOT miss XS.
I love this place. It reminds me of a dream prom haha. It didnt take long to get in and it was free for us. I just love being a girl and being accompanied with beautiful girls. The music was great and the crowd was cool. Love love love it here. I'll see you soon XS.
From a guy who prefers pubs to clubs, I still always have an excellent time at XS when I visit.. . You won't leave with a full wallet, but this is the type of place to splurge.  If you like excellent drinks, excellent service and beautiful people... go have fun at the best club in Vegas.  Just bring your credit card.
Oh, XS, I love you. I love you I love you I love you! I never want to go to another club after you! . . Best nightclub I have ever been to. We went on a Sunday night so the lines weren't a problem since we got there early and WHOOHOO the guys got in for free, too! You have got to love and listen to your promoter.. . It's beautiful, glamarous, awesome music, with strong drinks. In the beginning of the night, the Tokyo Tea was $8. An hour later, it was $16. So fill up in the beginning of the night and party for the rest drunk! The open area is perfect because the place never gets stuffy even though the place will get packed.. . XS, thank you for making up for my terrible night at Marquee. I will come back for you. Oh you better know it.
i effffen love this place!!!. nowhere else can ever compare to this place!. everything is lovely!
in case it wasn't obvious by now, you have to spend money in vegas to have a good time. . and this place is no exception. . come ready to do the d a n c e, one two three four fight
I'm a huge fan of XS. It's pretty and there are tons of stripper poles! Super fun and I got to show off the moves I've learned from pole fitness class. . . My friends and I got in for free. Love the decor and it was a good dance floor with great music. The drinks are weak. I love that there are plenty of seating inside and outside. I love how girls are able to get into the pool.  And I love just people watching by the pool and gambling outside.
My first time in Vegas and the first nightclub I go to is here and I was amazed. I have been to several clubs before, but after going here I almost didn't want to even try any other club in all of Vegas because this place is just that amazing. There was quite a long line considering that it wasa Saturday, but the line moved pretty fast. This place is literally huge and I guess good advice is to try and not get lost from those you came with.
Why would you ask me to stop when shes the one dancing on top of me?. . Thats what I told one of the bouncer that XS is not a stripe club.This is my 2nd review.  $40 to get in with no line around 10.  Went there 2nights ago, closed the swimming pool part but I still had a great time.
Okay XS was seriously the best club that I've ever been to. EVER. I don't know if it's the location or the people or both, but the environment was definitely bomb!. . I went with my friends on the Saturday during President's Day weekend. The line was probably like a mile long i swear, but I think because we had a group of 13 decent looking girls, they just let us cut everyone lol. I didn't realize how long the line was until we passed by all these angry faces. So to avoid waiting in line, just bring a big group of girls, with several decent looking ones, and waiting in line shouldn't be a problem. . . The club was very decent size, pretty big actually. I would say this club is more for the young crowd.. all in the 20's and early 30's.. and they are primarily asian. There is an outdoor pool area with a bar, and plenty of areas to sit and just chill. You don't have to worry about the cold, there are heated lamps everywhere lol. . . Drinks are pretty expensive there, so I would recommend either pre-gaming a little before heading there rather than making all your drink purchases there.. unless you're planning on having the men buy you drinks there.. which I am sure they would. Seriously I have never been to a club with more generous guys haha. . . Overall the music was great, location was GORGOUS, area was pretty spacious, and the men are very generous haha . . Go on a Saturday night if you want to go to XS. Any other night, I don't think they'll open up the pool area, and that totally defeats the purpose of going there.
Even with all the different clubs constantly opening in Vegas, XS is still one of my faves...Love the decor, open space, nice outdoor area, inviting pool, and good music! Always enjoy my time there =). . Thanks to my Vegas local cousins, never really have an issue with waiting in line or paying cover so that's an even bigger ++++!. . PS- if you take your car, park in Encore's garage.. it's closer to the entrance
my favorite place to dance in vegas! they have plenty of platforms for girls to dance on and some poles, too. there is also this pole with a circular stage around it, which is a blast for a group of girls to dance on! however, there are plenty of creepers who surround it. fortunately a bouncer quickly dismisses anyone who gets too creepy or tries to come up there. . . the bouncers are quick to react--some jerk threw my girl's purse and that guy got bounced out of there asap!. . my friend and i (two hot girls) got on some promoter's VIP list so there was zero wait for us when we arrived just before 1am. i don't remember there being much of a line at that time, either. we got three free drink tickets each. we ordered three lemon drops and after downing all three, found that they were extremely weak shots because both of us are lightweights! later when some guy bought us shots, i found out it was $48 for the three shots. so fellas, be warned! lol. . i loved the music they played here and the vibe in the club. we actually danced until closing at 4. such a blast! the people were all friendly, i found.. . the bathroom was my fav in vegas. a ton of mirrors and lots of bodysprays etc. i don't remember actually using the bathroom, just primping in front of the mirrors.. . absolutely love it here and can't wait to come back!
Gorgeous! . . The dance floor gets super crowded but just make your way outside and explore the beautiful pool and garden area. . . My gf and I randomly decided to come here at 11ish on a Friday night so you can imagine how long the line was. Luckily we were able to walk straight in and despite having to pay a $20 cover. But at least we didn't have to wait in line. It's always a hit or miss on how flirty you can be with the bouncer and how nice they'll be to you. I guess we got lucky. . . I definitely want to come back.
I love this club!  Still haven't had the chance to go to Marquee to compare though.  This time when I went, there was not much asians there.  Most of them now go to Marquee because of the trance music there.  The night I went, they had the other side of XS opened by the pool area.  It was beautiful!  It looked very similar to Surrender, too.  The place, however, was filled with tons of guys.  Not a good thing (for my guy friends lol).
I went here with 3 other women and had a great time! Granted, we rented a table, and at a cost of $500 on a Friday night. Well, you're required to purchase $500 of alcohol, but that's easy to do when a bottle of wine is $450. (Current cost is $500 for less than 6 people; 6 people or more is $1,000.). . If you're looking for great service, then renting a table is the way to go. We were seated out by the pool area, which was the best location since we were out of the way of the masses of people on the dance floor but could still participate when we wanted. We never had to get up for drinks as they were brought to us by our server, someone else cleared our empty glasses, and the bouncers/security were always within arm's reach asking us if we were comfortable or needed anything. I did not find the bouncers to be rude at all; in fact, we felt very secure having them there.. . I also agree that you should get in line early; they started letting people in at 10 pm. If you have the money to spare, renting a table makes for the ultimate experience.
It doesn't get any better than this, so girls put on your sexiest dress, stilettos, get your hair did, and all that...and boys you better snag a bunch of girls to get you in, on top of looking good (shoes, button down shirts, designer jeans) and bringing a whole lot of money to drop on drinks and girls! LOL. . . Arrive early cuz the line is always, ALWAYS LONG and the party inside is always, ALWAYS crackin!! XS does not disappoint, it's full of gorgeous and/or rich people (if you dont agree, you are not drunk enough, put your beer goggles back on!), and the decor/space is HUGE, absolutely love LOVE the outside pool area, too bad it's not really a pool party, but it's a nice backdrop. Music is AWESOME, but of course the dance floor is CROWDED (what did you expect). . . Cover is $20 min, but if you're late I think it can cost $50...if you're on the list or know someone, you can possibly skip the line, but VIP line is pretty long too. Reminder that being with MAJORITY or ALL GIRLS is your best bet...sorry fellas, sucks to be you. But if the boys have money, they better get a table.. . FYI - I have been to almost all the clubs on the strip and this is by far the BEST nightclub, go on Saturday for the best experience. Friday is also good, and Monday is industry night for locals.
If you are a hotel guest at Encore you can purchase line passes ($20 for girls and $30 for guys) and cut the GA line before 11pm. There's re-entry so get your stamp and party in your room until you're ready to dance your ass off! . . This is way better than waiting in the GA line.!!!!
Very glamorous! A $100M well spent by Steve Wynn! It's no wonder it's the hottest club in Vegas.. . I've been twice: the first time on Saturday during Memorial weekend and the second time on a Monday during spring break. Both were great experiences.. . On Memorial day weekend, OF COURSE it was crraaaazy! My two girlfriends and I got there late, and the line was endless. They were barely letting people in! Luckily we spotted some guys we knew at the front of the line. I think one of them tipped the bouncer A LOT to let us cut. And unfortunately we still had to pay the $20 cover for girls...which I suppose we couldn't avoid for such a weekend.. . Mondays are Industry nights, so the crowd is a bit different (it was a mix of young and old). Bf and I were placed on the guest list, which I believed to be free cover and no wait. We did get in for free, and 3 free drink passes (drinks up to $20 each), but we had to wait in the regular line. Lucky for us we got there around 10:30pm and the wait was only about half an hour or so. I noticed that couples who were on the guest list had to wait, while groups of all girls, guest list or not, got to walk right past us.. . What I LOVE about XS is that it's half indoor nightclub and half outdoor pool. Hence you get plenty of fresh air (hard to come by in a crowded club!). Sadly there's only one dance floor and it's not that big, but luckily it's inside right in front of the pool. . . The first time I was there the pool area was open. We took our heels off and danced barefoot in the water. SO REFRESHING, especially after a long night in super high heels. It was my favorite part of the night. EVERY club should have this! I wish they didn't seal off the pool Monday nights. . . The bathrooms are large and gorgeous. There are 2 big bars with fast bartenders. Plenty of tables around with stripper poles. And the hired dancers are hot and actually dance (not half-assing it like the dancers at TAO)! Can't complain about the music either!
Going here on a Fri or Sat night can get kinda crazy.  It usually builds up a pretty long line but if you go early you can get a good spot.  I like the club because it has so much open space you don't really feel crowded trying to walk around and into/out of the dance floor area.  During the warmer days they open up the area around the pool and the whole decor and ambiance is sexy.  Drinks are average for vegas, about $15-18 for well drinks.  I always get long islands or amf's here and they are pretty strong...because I never know how I end up where I end up afterwards.  I might have a problem.  O well.
I had heard so much about XS so when we went to Vegas last summer, it was a must-go, especially since we stayed at Encore.  I thought by now Surrender or Marquee would be the club to go to, but I'm stillll hearing that this is the place to be.. . Because we went Sat-Tuesday, we had to pick clubs strategically based on what was open when.  XS got pushed to Monday and we figured it would be decent because it was Industry Night.. . The guest list got us in, no wait or cover needed.. . I was disappointed to find out half the club, including the pool I had heard so much about, was closed.  None the less, the club looked great.  I loved the layout, decor, crowd, music...nothing to dislike!!. . I think it was a little less crackin' than if we went on a Friday or Saturday but I met tons of fun people and had a great time dancing and socializing. I danced inside and outside, sat inside and outside and all of it was great.  When we go back to Vegas this summer, we definitely plan to return to XS on a Friday or Saturday night!
About XS:. . XSively gorgeous layout with outdoor patio pool. Drinks will XSively drain your wallet . XSively crowded dance floor and bar area . XSive Asians (Hot & Ugly). . How to get into XS:. . Get there XSively early!. If you are female, go with an XS amount of girls (ahem all girls only) and show XS cleavage!. If you are male, bring XS money to pay cover (ranges from $20-$50) and hide your unnecessary XS cleavage!!. . How to have fun at XS:. . Drink XSive amount of alcohol. Leave your XS baggage and drama at home! . Shake your bootay XSively on the dance floor!
the nightclub that saved our disaster at marquee!!. . we decided this time to go early and not get suck in a long line. we arrived around 930 and we were one of the first there, they were just setting up. the security was really nice though, and not rude. . . we were on the guestlist and for coming early, we had two free drinks comp. nice. got in pretty quickly and WOW it was sooooo nice! the decor, the lights, everythingg!! too bad the pool walk way area wasn't open that night =[ we wanted to take picturessss. maybe cuz it was a sunday, but i loved how it was packed....but not crazy packed. plenty of space to still dance all wild. VIP tables everywhere so you just gotta be nice and make friends to sit down, everyone was pretty friendly. . . the music was awesome but when they switched DJs...they played the same songs....a little ehh. the dancers on stages had cute outfits and looked great. this is one club im definitely coming back to!
So far the best club I've been too when I was in Vegas. The atmosphere is what gets you. Outdoors you have cabanas, a pool, & a couple of gambling tables. You definitely will not go wrong when going to XS!
There are certain things you learn when you're going to hit up a big city for a night out on the town. One is that if you're on even a slight budget, take the opportunity to pre-game....I don't care what anyone says, economically suiting up for a night out is never overrated. The second is you travel with someone who knows someone who knows someone. One of those someones is bound to get you the hook-up and in our case it was my best friend's father's Vegas hostess. 11:00 rolled around, we were dressed to the nines and ushered straight to the front of the line passing up the long string of hopefuls looking to get in courtesy of the downtown party promoters with nothing but a wink and a smile from the bouncers. . . Upon entering, you are taken to another realm of unreality, how is it possible that this place is a part of this hotel? The club feels like an ultra-swank, uber-modern version of a 1920s late-night spot where the social superiors are set above those down below of lesser known status. Here, the plush VIP couches and tables are set in height from high to low looking down on a crowded bump and grind fest. The decor is stunning with uplit color drenched walls, golden columns, windows adorned with rich velvet curtains, and huge beautiful chandeliers. . . Mind you, we were here in late November so none of the chaos of pool shenanigans and outdoor beds were going on, but there was one mystery dancer on the outdoor bar quite possibly freezing her poor little nips off. . . Drinks were on the expensive side even for Vegas standards, but between my friends treating me for my birthday and what seemed like limitless shots making the rounds from the hostess, I had no complaints. The DJs mixing was on point, service was astounding, and the company of new acquaintances met during the evening, made this a great spot to celebrate a milestone birthday.
This is my favorite club in Vegas. Hands down. I thought it was Tryst at first but then after my trip to XS, I was seriously in love.. . Sure, it was crazy crowded and people were pushing people around and all that terrible stuff... but the music was really good and it just seemed like everyone was having a really great time. That's all that matters when you're in Vegas. At least for me. And I won't lie, there were really good looking people at this club. The club's huge and the outside area was beautiful as well. I felt a little bad for the lone go-go dancer outside but if you walk in from the entrance, you have an awesome view of two dancers on both sides and the dance floor in the middle... if that makes sense. I'm thinking they strategically thought out the whole image of when one enters the club. Love.. . I can't wait to visit XS again in the summer where the pool area will be open.
XS is rightfully named XS. Because this place is beyond Excess! . Good Music. + Good Crowd = Good Ass Time! . . Now there are two ways to go about XS. You can go wait in line at 9pm and wait and wait and wait. Or you can be poppin bottles in the ice, like a blizzard, do it right gettin slizzard with bottle service. The many times partying here. My friends and I opted on gettin slizzard with bottle service. Yes, it's expensive. Yes, it's ridiculous spending $400 a bottle for 750 ML of Grey Goose when you can get it for $50 at Costco. But I don't have time to wait in that line...the night is young and I want to spend it drinking and partying..not waiting.. . Very diverse and mixed crowd. The dance floor does get super packed. But there's enough room to roam around outside. For the most part people here are pretty friendly. Music ranges from top-40, to Hip-Hop, and the rave UNCE UNCE UNCE UNCE music kicks in around midnight.  . . **************. Rye's Notes:. *If security sees you yack. Get ready to end your night early. Cus you're gonna get kicked out.. *If you decide to go swimming in the pool. Get ready to end your night early. Cus you're gonna get kicked out.. *If you're going to be a wingman for your friend. Make sure your friend doesn't mack on the girl that is married. Get ready to end your night early. Cus you're friend is going to get thrown in the pool.
Best club ive been to in years. Beautiful place, large outdoor area, and it's like a hottybomb exploded in this place, There were gorgeous women all over the place. Just like any hot Vegas club, this place can get quite crowded and too often you find yourself surrounded by people invading your personal space. They also play good music soif you find a spot, dance and drink the night away!
After venturing out a couple times to other clubs, my friends and I always make our way back to XS.  Definetly the best club in vegas!  They always play the best music, the lines are long but move really fast, and the bouncers are not on an ego trip.  They have a $20 entrance fee and a coat check area for $5.  Quick tip that the bouncer told us...if you have a lotta jackets, you can actually double them up when you hand it over for a coat check and they'll only charge you $5 for 2 jackets.  The ladies in the coat check will see that it's 2 coats, but they won't say anything.  But back to the music...you MUUUSTT come on a friday night here.  It's a LOT less crowded on friday nights AND the music is strictly top 40s.  We came back again on a saturday night and while the music was still better than those at other clubs, it was still mainly house music, which we are not fans of. PLUS it's super crowded on a saturday night, there is literally no room to dance.  I got my foot stepped on more times than I cared to count, and more drinks spilled on me than I care to remember.  Guys DO bother you a lot  when you're dancing here, but as long as you've got a good group of girls and a couple elbow-dance tricks up your sleeve, you'll be fine!
Super long lines to get in... but this place made my vegas experience.. VEGAS!!!!! i want to go backkkk!
Absolutely incredible club.  We got a deal on table and bottle service and spent about $2000 for 3 bottles of Belvedere (deal?).   The table overlooked the dance floor (inside by the bathroom entrance).  We got inside around 10:30 and stayed until about 2:30.  The club was very much packed when we left but after 3 bottles we were approaching our expiration date.  We left the table and a bunch of mixers...hopefully someone enjoyed it afterwards ;). . Overall the night was the best night at a club I've EVER had (and I've had plenty).  The music, the friends, everything was perfect.
one of the best clubs i have been to in quite some time....afrojack was spinning and it was bumpin...the service was great and so were the people...definitely going back
WHATS UP XS!  I'm a lot more critical on nightclubs than I am on restaurants, so five stars don't come easily.  Ohhhh, but if any place deserves it, it is you XS. . . I came to this place with HIGH expectations, so did I come in with an objective mind?  No!  I thought... for all I have heard of this place, if it's not even short of amazing... I'll be disappointed!. . I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED.. . This crowd was the best looking and youngest I've seen yet.  It seemed like the bouncers were selective when letting people in.  The layout makes sense, it's refreshing, it's beautiful.  It has an amazing presentation when you walk in.  The bathrooms were never crowded.  I guess the only downside was somewhere around midnight it got ridiculous crowded to move around.  But on the dance floor I was fine... it was just an adventure trying to relocate. . . But... I can see why it was crowded!  Gosh, the DJ knew how to mix.  It seemed to me that it was 50/50, house and top 40.  Gotta love it.  It was such a good vibe in there... everyone was having a blast.  Everyone was so friendly... man, what a great night.. . I had wondered, "How can a club really stand out as much as XS seems to have?"  No kidding.  Within 30 minutes I knew why.  I had been pleasantly approached by tons of people my age... just talking to me, wanting to take shots, wanting to have a good time.  None of the bars were packed. The outside was beautiful, the weather was great.  The music was phenomenal.  The service was nice.. . ....And you guys want to know the best part?  I was sober.  I was the DD.  AND I HAD THIS MUCH FUN.. . It's going to be hard to top this one!
I didn't think I could ever love a nightclub this much! From the moment I walked in, I was taken by the DJ and the great music he was playing. The atmosphere was great and the bartenders were on the ball. The only other club I've been to in Vegas is TAO and it doesn't compare to XS at all. . . There was a lot of room to dance, which is important to me. I went when Wolfgang Gartner was DJing. It was my third time seeing him and I had a blast. It's great that XS has guest DJs every so often. . . OH, and the bathrooms are AMAZING. Just had to throw that in there :)
Hottest club in spicy Vegas, hands-friggin-down. . . Aaaaaaaad GO:. . Best dance hits from a variety of music genres (Britney, Gaga, Kid Cudi, Jay-Z, Nirvana, yes, Nirvana!),  sexiest go-go dancers in sequin mini skirts, stripper poles galore to grind on, HUGE outdoor lounge area without prerequisite of bottle service, a POOL to wade around in when your heeled toesies need refreshment and--surprisingly--a fabulously nice and dance-loving crowd of attractive young people. No balding, old, rich farts who claim to own MGM. . . All that glitters here IS gold!
Just reviewing this club is distracting me enough to lead me off into a hangover daydream... Las Vegas is it's own party bubble atmosphere and XS is definitely one of the highlights of that party. The serene, elegant, lavish, sexy, and bold environment and decor are both refreshing and exciting. It is one of the most spacious and welcoming clubs in LV with a wide indoor dancefloor, VIP seating, and luxurious high ceilings with chandeliers that sparkle with the lighting. But wait until your bright doey eyes behold the outdoor patio equipped with a full poolside bar, beautifully lit, large pool, a lovely nightsky view, and even more space to shake that thang!!! The crowd is a mix of happy party-goers, mostly young in age having a good time. I haven't been there when the pool is open, but I'm excited for that on my next trip.. . I don't know how much cover is, but I'm sure it's worth it for the people that have to pay. However, tip for the girls: Talk to the random promoters along the strip because they can get you into clubs (including XS) for free through the guestlist! We even got a few guys in for free. So make sure you spread your social butterfly wings and make friends in Vegas because it pays off! I went to the bar earlier so its wasn't too hard to get a drink, but I saw that it got crowded later in the night, so be prepared. The danclefloor in and out are spacious enough and built in a way to prevent too much cramping and crowding, which is a plus. The bouncers/security are generally nice and helpful, especially considering the crazies and drunks they have to deal with... one of my friends had to be "politely escorted" out.. haha. . . XS is definitely one of the lovely gems of Las Vegas, so make sure you show some love and dance moves and pay it a visit. The 5 star ratings speak for themselves! It's definitely a good time baby!
Definitely the best place to be on a Saturday night!!! The fact that our group of girls got up to the front of the line and walked in to the club, excellente! So I definitely recommend getting some connections/promoters before you go to XS because waiting in that huge ass line SUCKS. Or just buying a table if your pockets are feelin' pretty deep that night.. . The place can get crowded on the dance floor but the outside area is GORGEOUS and still can dance near the dance floor. The pool is awesome, you can dip your feet in if you want to. Always a great crowd though, because everyone and their moms go to XS on Saturday nights. I absolutely LOVE THE MUSIC here, it's hiphop/house mixes and will leave your ears ringing and some songs stuck in your head the next day.. . But I feel really bad for guys who have to buy drinks cause it definitely is not cheap. I think its around $14/shot. Ouch on your wallets.. . I would go back just to go party at XS. Agree that it is the BEST CLUB IN VEGAS!
I actually love this venue because it has not only a great mix crowd, awesome music but also the venue itself is just amazing.. . There is indoor and outdoor partying with a pool where you can dance around. They've setup gambling outside near the pool and if you want you can take your shoes off and dance inside the pool.  The dance floor inside isn't massive but it's still a big enough space to dance in.. . There's multiple bars where you can get drinks at as well as the ability to get cabanas/ bottle service either inside outside or even upstairs... . All in all I've always had a great experience here.  Sure does help when you are taken care of, walked directly in without having to deal with the line =o)
Amazingly, I have not reviewed XS on Yelp! (Not that it needs any more reviews haha). . Hands down, my favorite club in Vegas. I've been a million times already but XS never fails to deliver. It will always be my first love in Vegas haha. . . The crowd is always fun and the music is always bumpin' and this club is always poppin'. Long lines, so either get there early, or know someone ;). . -RM
Idk why ppl think this club is overrated, whatever that means but you cannot find a nicer club than xS anywhere in the U.S. ppl!!! I'm in vegas like every month and always come to this club. Its classy and very upscale. This place cracks soo much, first of all, its at a fancy hotel, beautiful ppl, beautiful decor, excellent layout, huge dance floor.  Omg theres an outside pool where ppl can sit around and chill/drink. The crowd is very mixed so everyone can enjoy. Super long ass lines. Memorial day is coming up, last year they charged $200 per guy and girls are just as much hahaha crazy.  But if you can get on glist you'll get vip access! This is a MUST stop for tourists. Check it out!
Had a fabulous time & I hate nightclubs.  We had a magical table right on the dance floor.  Minus the 7 bottles of Dom Rose' it was worth the experience !!!!!!!!!!
Went to Vegas two weeks ago to celebrate my 24th birthday... first stop was Drai's... second night.. MARQUEE.. (since it's new).. then last and final night.. XS!!! Definitely my favorite club!  XS never disappoints! . . Right when we got there we saw how long the line was, but as always the line moved really fast! It was pretty packed inside, but we managed to make our way through the bar near the exit and got our drinks right away! . . The outside area is pretty chill and you can always walk around and enjoy the music! Its so easy to get from point a to point b. Unlike marquee where it's a maze just to get from one room to another! I will definitely keep XS on my list everytime I'm in Vegas!!!!
So far I like this club the most out of all the clubs I've been to in Las Vegas.  I thought Marquee would top this club, I was wrong.  My girls and I drank so much patron shots before and while at this club.  One of my friends and I knocked out on the water beds.  Heard a guy tried to hit on me while I was asleep (surprised we didn't get kicked out).  In the end, we left the club without our shoes (again, surprised we didn't get kicked out for not having our shoes).  One of us lost a pair of heels, and my other friend and I each lost a heel!  We left the club without remembering much.  We dropped by XS the next day to look for our shoes, no luck.  So we tried lost & found which is open only from about 9am-5pm.  Still no luck there.  The way they handle lost items is weird.  Took about 2 days to find out they were officially lost.  Someone must have thought it was theirs and took them.  If you ever have this issue, be able to describe what the item looks like and the brand, etc.  We were unable to do that...
i had a great fucking time here!. . my first vegas clubbbb!! (damn...i've been missing out). . loved the big dance floor, gold decor and lights. loved the music (very housey!). loved the hot crowd. . . i confirmed it is true. you can truly drink excessively in vegas, but not even feel drunk!
the last few times I've been to Vegas, I have tried to go to XS, but something always gets in my way. well, this trip, I finally made it... and it. was. AWESOME. . . yes, get there early because lines are ridiculous, especially during fight week. get there early, get stamped, and go drink somewhere else for less money. then come back later when it's crackin'. there's no wait to get back in and my boyfriend was in and out at least 5 times. . . yes, bouncers are super uptight and anal, but that's any Vegas club, and this is definitely one of the nicest ones. . . basically, it's HELLA NICE inside, and that's a massive understatement. maybe the 7 shots of vodka I took prior to entering had a little to do with my judgement, but I was all over that dance floor and seriously had the best night of my life here.
XS will always have special place in my heart that's why the 5 star rating. =)  I think it's the best club in Vegas. There are lots pros and cons to this place. Cons: super packed, $50 cover for guys, really long lines, bartenders are slow.  Pros: Beautiful, Beautiful decor, beautiful people, outside sitting area, outside casino area, huge dance floor, great music. It's true, you have to get there early! We got to Encore around 8pm for dinner and we passed by the line to XS and it was super duper long. But it's totally worth it.
yelp has once again done me right!!!. . this nightclub is seriously AMAZING!! the line was long, but went by fairly quickly. the music playing was good.  i think the best part was the beds in the pool where you can dip your feet in if you want.  LOVED LOVED LOVED it!!!
Def. one of my fave clubbing spots in Vegas.. . . . My girls and I always stop by whenever we're in town.  We usually have friends that get tables here or lucky enough that other guys invite us to join theirs so we never experienced actually waiting in line, which goes wayyyyy down to lala land. . . . Place is huge and always packed.  Tables all around, including gambling ones on the outside where they also have a pool.  And ladies, you know damn well you're gonna be dipping your poor little swollen feet feet in there towards the end of the night.   . . . Music is usually decent but the past weekend that I went, soooo much house music.  I mean I guess it's the "thing" now so I can't really get on them for it but ... just a little more of, other types would be nice :).   . . . Two of the times that I've been here, a table has made it rain and I'm not too proud to say that I went home with some rain money (which now has been passed on to either slot machines or the cab driver)   Always a great time here and if you STILL a XS virgin, please go pop that XS cherry for me :)
Went here on a Friday night to check out the hype. Very nice staff, good looking people, awesome venue and the pool is a plus. The cost was $20 girls $30 guys on Friday night but well worth it. my group of 12 all had a wonderful time. By the time we left the club it was sunlight out, that's how good it was.. The venue is amazing! Very elegant yet, edgy. There is an indoor and outdoors by the pool. The dance floor is kind of small but maybe because there were so many people on it. There are female dancers everywhere you look. The bar by the pool took forever to get a drink though, but I think there were 3 other spots you can get a drink. The music was good too, pretty much top 40's with some house music which I love! This club definitely lives up to Vegas standards and is one of the upscale clubs that I would definitely return to!
I heard it was great-now I can confirm it. Gorgeous place-you have your dance floor and bars, but it's also open to the outside so you have your pool and cabanas if dancing is not your thing and just want to lounge and look cool. We hit the dance floor all night-awesome music. . . After a few drinks, the bartender actually gave us water for free when we requested it. Usually Vegas bars charge you even for water! Can I also mention ladies, that this was the only nightclub I've EVER been to where each time we visited the ladies room there was no line. Yes you read that correctly. The place was packed too but somehow there must have been a few bathrooms because we never had to wait. . . I would absolutely return next time I'm in Vegas!!
XS is my favorite club in Vegas.. This place is always packed.. I definitely recommend getting a Table & Bottle Service.. VIP is the way to go.
Sunday Night Review ONLY!. . Loved it.. . Stayed in Vegas through Monday and were looking for a place to go out on Sunday night. Had read on yelp this is the place to go and so there we went, 3 guys and 1 girl.. . Got there and there was a medium sized line, (of course there was, it's Vegas).... . But line moved really quickly!. . Got to the cashier and the cover charge was $25 for both men and women (surprisingly cheap for guys in Vegas). . . So of course I thought, "quick line, low cover, it's gonna be dead.". . WRONG!. . Walked in and it was PACKED! The pool area was closed (as I hear is the norm on Sundays) but regardless there was a large amount people everywhere! . . Music was mixed, not the best in my opinion but hell I danced to it anyway. Crowd was awesome, people of all kinds, all races, all ages getting down in their own ways. Bars were crowded but still moved fast enough so that we could get drinks. Prices for drinks were Vegas prices (no Sunday discounts lol). Bathroom line always moved super fast.. . Will definitely return. On Sunday's that is.
I once watched a TV documentary about Las Vegas hotel owners who utilize Feng Shui in their resorts' designs to attract luck and money to their properties.   I'm positive that whoever designed the XS nightclub at the Encore used Feng Shui as well to create a beautiful, upscale, and hip club with an awesome flow of chi (energy).  Having decorated my home with feng shui in mind as well, I know that one of the key principles to ensure this good chi is to balance the elements of Fire, Metal, Water and Earth - and XS did this XS-ively.. . Fire & Metal. As soon as you enter the club, you automatically sense SEXY.  Everything is decorated with reds (fire) and gold (metal) - including all the stripper poles around the club, which invite the ladies to shake what their momma gave 'em.  The inside of XS is just so conducive for dancing (besides the huge dancefloor, you can boogie on table tops and pathways) as well as conversating.  Within and around all the VIP booths, you'll see the bonding between bridesmaids, and dudes with all their wingmen lol.  For single folk, I'm sure this is a great place to hook up!  . . Water & Earth. The most unique attribute of XS is that it opens up to the expansive pool area.  I don't care how much of a Vegas high-roller you may be - the first time you see this, you can't help but say WOW like a club neophyte.  There are VIP cabanas out here, along with daybeds that need no reservations (which provide relief to all us women and our sky high heels!) When Julius & I got down on the dancefloor, we were dancing right on the border between the heat of the interior of the club, and the cool breeziness of the club's exterior. The tropical palm trees and water that reflected the neon lights outdoors were the Yin to the inside of the club's Yang - perfectly balanced!. . XS is hands down the best club we've ever been to - and we've been to our fair share.  Whether you feel like swinging on a pole inside XS, or dancing barefoot in the shallow end of the pool outside, you'll get to do it all in one place. At what other club would you ever be able to do this?!
Nomatter how old this club is, it will never get old too me! Very beautiful & spacious! Love the setup of the dance floor, how it's inside & outside. I know that they made Surrender which is a newer & similar setup, but it just doesn't compare size wise, in my opinion at least.
club is roomy! but, it can be too much sometimes. get there early if you're waiting in line. obvious club policy. more dicks than chicks, you're waiting. no tables? WAITING! can i wear these shoes? -_- ....its vegas! dress to impress! so the decor, its pretty awesome. there's statues of boobies and u can see gogo dancers. oh yeah..once summer is here, sundays will have pool parties at night! :D
MY FAVORITE CLUB IN VEGAS. - Loved the pool, hot tub and cabanas @ the outdoor area!. . Arrived at the club around 11ish with a bunch of girls.  There were tons of people in line, but since there were so many of us, they let us skip the line and walked right in for $20/head.. . Since we were all pretty wasted already, our huge group tried to make our way to the outdoor pool area.  Well... Let's just say we lost half the girls going in because the place was PACKED!. . The outdoor area is just gorgeous.  It's definitely better to be outdoor area where there's more space than being cramped like a sardine inside.  Yea... Dipping your tired feet in the pool is such a relieve too.. . I love XS!
Hands down, my favorite club in Vegas (along with a bunch of other people, it seems)... XS is aesthetically stunning and ridiculously fun.. We were on a list, no wait at all - always a great way to start off a Vegas club experience.. The club itself is gorgeous - the half that's inside has gold everywhere, stripper poles for the more daring, and plush couches for the people wanting a finer night.  The music is awesome, lighting is great, and the outside area is a blessing during a hot night in Vegas.  The pool is  large and the poolside tables are perfect for big parties.  We managed to crash a table of some very generous people - another great way to spend a Vegas night... on someone else's tab!. Come on a Saturday night and feel confident that you're having a better time than anyone else on the strip :-x
sexy sexy sexy. . find out whos spinning that night because they have really big djs come in all the time. saw avicii spin there last sat ... and yea.. SEXY. Girls, work your magic because it's super hard to get in unless you wanna wait in a long line. always a sexy hot time at XS
awesome club! great dj loved it! :)
shit this place, is a terminater! i didn't find another place that's better than this. stripers looking good and drinks r not that pricy. i would definately go back again!
I'll keep this review simple. This is the nicest club I've been to. It probably helped too that I was staying at the Wynn and could buy tickets in advance and bypass the huge line. Easy in/out also makes for great trips back and forth to the rooms. The dance floor is good, the music is good, the drinks are good, and the open air is awesome. Definitely worthy of one of my rare 5 star reviews!
We got there on a Saturday night at around 10pm and the line was INSANE.  Thankfully it was just me and two other girls so the bouncer let us in really quickly.  Sadly we still had to pay the $20 cover but eh, it could have been much worse.. . The club is GORGEOUS, the most beautiful I've been to in Las Vegas... actually probably ever.  While you're waiting for the dance floor to heat up, I recommend grabbing a drink and walking around the beautiful pool area a couple times.  The cabanas on the second level are pretty incredible too, but a word of caution for people considering renting one -- they're a bit far from where the action is.  If you can, get a table by the pool or inside near the dance floor.. . The drinks are a bit weaker I found than at the other Vegas clubs I've been too, which is a little annoying considering I had to pay cover :(  But still had a pretty good time.. . My major complaint is the dance floor.  They way overfilled the club and the dance floor was dangerously packed.  People were pushing, shoving and being out right rude.  . . Dear Dude who stepped on my foot:. You don't get to hit on me 10 seconds after you've stepped on my foot!!!  Not cool..... . I think I could have tolerated it a bit better if it weren't my 3rd consecutive night clubbing, so I'll give XS a pass on this one.  But I recommend coming on a less crazy night like Monday, I bet it'd be just about perfect then.
Bottle service hoppin' HAAAY. When you imagine what clubbing in Vegas must be like.. this is totally the place.
This club is big and beautiful.  Lots of poles for the ladies and a great pool.  I love this club!
I like the gambling tables by the pool.  I like how it starts out at $25 early in the night, and ends at $200 by midnight.  I like how more people play when it's $200 and when they can't tell the difference between an Ace and a 10.  They should have poker tables at XS.. . I like this place.  If I have to go to a club in Vegas, I would rather come here.  What I don't like is how a round drinks miraculously increases in price three hours later for the same round?  Weird... I guess the drink prices are like their gambling tables, the price goes up as the night progresses.. . Who cares though, this place is cool because of the large outside pool area.  $50 to get in on Memorial Day weekend?  What a bargain, I am totally there.
I've been to Vegas for a total of 4-5 times now and each time, it gets better and better! Just like NYC, the hotels/casinos, restaurants, lounges/clubs/bars, shopping, shows, and day parties compete with one another every year for the avaricious title of "THE Place to See and to be Seen." . . We were meeting my sister and friends there but since we left the Encore Beach Club just after 7 pm, we had plenty of time to power nap, shower, enjoy dinner, and still make it to XS by 10:30pm. Everyone else showed-up a couple hours later since they partied at the beach club 'till they could party no more. They were more of the hard-core crew and I didn't even qualify as one of their "wannabes." . . A corner-winding line had already formed for the pre-paid tix but luckily, one of the hostesses walked up to us, asked us for our names, checked us off the list, wrote our names on anotherpiece of paper, and directed us to step-out of the line and walk straight-up to the guy at the front entrance who let us through the doors. SWEET and good-bye long line! . . It wasn't packed inside yet so getting that first drink was a breeze...and now that I think about, even after the place became jam-packed, getting drinks was never really a challenge. All of the servers and bartenders were attentive, quick, and friendly! They somewhat reminded me of the servers and bartenders in the Gaslamp District (San Diego) where servers and bartenders are incredibly fantastic and super-nice to boot! . . XS is gorgeous inside and out! Loved the decor, lights, color scheme, dance floor, tables/booths, outdoor pool area, lounges, gambling tables, bar areas, and ample bathrooms! I never once had to stand in line for a bio break and that was freaking amazing!!! . . Guys - do you know how badly it sucks to have to wait in endless bathroom lines after you've already waited to the very last minute to use the ladies room?! You don't? Well, let me tell you, it can be painfully awful! But at XS, there is no need for such potty-holding pain. Whoo hoo! . . To top it all off, Afrojack was deejaying for Memorial Day and he was phenomenal! I LOVED his mixes and even though no one else was dancing outside yet, I couldn't help myself. It's times like that when I wished I wasn't wearing a cocktail dress and instead had on jeans, a cute top, and comfy boots, so that I could bust-out a head spin or a back twist dance move. . . Ha ha ha, okay, maybe nothing that serious but I'll tell you what, about a couple hours into the night, a cool dance circle formed outside by the pool and a few of the nearby dance pro's started working their magic. It was really entertaining and fun to watch! All of them had very different dance styles and I think I walked away with a few new dance moves. Lol. . . Anyway, I loved XS and I cannot wait to visit again for another great night of lounging, dancing, meeting new peeps, and soaking-in Vegas's escape from reality. . . What a blast in a half that I will indeed be living-up for a second time soon!
Combined with the pool area, it's a perfect marriage. . . The crowd is beautiful.  Ideal for meeting new people and the music tooned perfect mixes of the latest and greatest. . . It's a definite stop going to Vegas everytime.
Best NightClub in Vegas! No complaints. Go in a group and get bottle service. youll enjoy it a lot more.
Ah, it's always a good night at XS. Everything about this club is beautiful and luxe -- the venue, pool, music (Steve Aoki was spinning!), and people. Definitely the place to hit up when you're in Vegas!. . The photos and reviews speak for themselves, but I'm actually going to write about the MIRACLE the lovely restroom attendant performed on Sunday night. While I was on the dance floor, the front strap of my heel ripped, rendering my heels useless. I was disappointed because I loved these shoes and did NOT want to leave the club so early on my last night in Vegas.. . I lost hope, but went to the ladies room to see if there was any chance that my shoe can be saved. The restroom attendant (I forgot her name, boo!) heard me out, sifted through that magic bag of hers and whipped out super glue. Less than five minutes later, my heels were intact and I ended up dancing for another hour or two before leaving with the girls. My heels are STILL intact and I am still in utter amazement!. . So yepp... ALWAYS a good night at XS!
PROS:. THE LINE MOVES FAST IF YOU GET THERE BEFORE 11.. THE MUSIC IS POPPIN ALLL NIGHT. EVERY NIGHT I HAVE BEEN THERE, THE DJ HAS NEVER REPEATED A SONG MORE THAN ONCE THROUGH THE WHOLE NIGHT..THE MUSIC IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER HEARD..ALWAYS BANGING ALWAYS NEW ALWAYS FRESH. THERE IS FRESH AIR FROM THE OPENING TO THE POOL AREA. AWESOME VENTILATION NEVER WORRY ABOUT SWEATING HERE. THE PEOPLE ARE AWESOME. THIS IS THE BEST CLUB I HAVE EVER BEEN TO BY FAR...it keeps me coming back to vegas for more n more.. I LOVE THE SCENERY- THERES ALSO A MOVING CHANDELIER IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DANCEFLOOR. THE GO GO DANCERS ARE REALLY SWEET. THERES AN OCCASIONAL CELEBRITY THAT SHOWS UP. YOU SEE MONEY FLY IN THE AIR AT TIMES. CHAMPAGNE BOTTLES POPPIN IN THE AIR AS WELL . HIGH CLASS ATMOSPHERE. . Cover Charge:. Girls: $20. Guys: $30-$50 (Depending on the night). Bottle Service: Thanks for the correction 475 (just goes to show that i dont pay LOL). . . CONS:. I LIVE IN CALI.. Actually, it gets pretty crowded on the dance floor. We saw someone get trampled, but that's about it...:) Still the best club ever.. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. I LOVE YOU XS...
This place is freaking nutts! Super mega club. Went here for LDW 2010 and maybe thats why it was overly crowded, but I didnt mind because it was crowded with more chicks then guys...drinks are average prices. Music was very good, as well as the outdoor set up.
I've been here at least 4 or 5 times and even though there are some newer clubs open now, XS still remains my favorite.. . Likes: Beautiful pool area, plenty of cabanas and areas to sit by the planters, packed with people but there's enough room outside to get fresh air and hold a conversation without screaming at each other.. . My only complaint might be that the dance floor is small and it's hard to dance when there's an endless line of people filing past you trying to cut through from the entrance to the pool area.  GO AROUND, people.. . The last time I went, the non table reservation lines started elsewhere and led into XS through the outdoors, so don't get too excited if you walk up to the Encore Shops entrance and see a short line there.
This was my favorite club in Vegas and one of the best clubs I've been to period. Gorgeous decor, plenty of lounging, great music, stripper poles open to anyone brave enough to show off her (or his :p) skills and a big-ish dancefloor, but the best part was the pool area. Nothing like dancing and splashing around in a pool, drink in hand with your best girls :)
i love XS. Afro jacked murdered it memorial day weekend 2011. . memorable moment: one buddy fell in the Jacuzzi while celebrating my friend's bachelor party
News flash:  Rich people live better, more fulfilling lives than their lessers.  Or at the very least, their parties are a lot more fun.  I didn't think this was true until I somehow happened to join a BBB (Billionaire Boys Bash) at XS. A feat accomplished through  some clever maneuvering by your humble author.. . Cue to the next day:  woke up with a splitting hangover, picked up my phone and read some ridiculous text messages. I call around until I find the least drunk partygoer in my group and am shocked to hear of the total of last night's celebrations!  . . Even in my inebriated state, I realize that this sum is greater than the combined total of every night out I have ever experienced since I became of drinking age...  or if you want to put it this way, the annual per capita household income in the state of Alabama.  For one night of partying!. . In the end however, discretion is the better part of valor. I suppose I should learn this lesson sooner or later.
Pure adrenaline rush from the moment you enter the club. It's like I dreamed of the most outrageous pool party and then multiply that by two and you get the XS experience. The wait is totally worth it. Be nice to the bouncers. Be sure to get a Blue Malibu, and then cannonball in the pool after.
One of my Favorite clubs in Vegas!! . . Huge dance floor with a beautiful chandelier hanging on the top this place looks amazing plus there is a large outdoor area to hang out, never had a bad experience.
I can't believe I'm admitting this on the internet, but here it goes - for my sister's 21st birthday my family celebrated by getting bottle service at XS. Yup, I got bottle service at a night club with my freaking parents. The night had the potential to be a disaster, but it went off surprisingly well. . . We decided on one of the outdoor tables/cabanas on the 2nd floor. You could still hear the music blaring and still felt very much a part of the action, but you could actually speak to someone in your party if you wanted to and it wasn't crowded! The 2nd floor has it's own bathroom as well that never had lines. You could watch the masses of people and the crazy debauchery that goes on, but you never felt cramped. This was true VIP living my friends. Some may prefer to have a table in the middle of the club, but when clubbing with your parents I don't recommend this! . . Bottles were $500 or so each, not a surprise. I can say the service was spectacular, and we weren't jacked around in the slightest. I've heard horror stories about hosts reselling your tables, or having to wait forever in line despite having a table, or price changes - we didn't have any of these issues at all. . . Whether clubbing with a group of friends (or with my family!!), XS remains my favorite club in Vegas. The expansive outdoor space, the beautiful surroundings, and the generally attractive crowd always make for a fun night out.
First of all, I have never been to a club so organized with the way they handle people getting in. You stand in a line that goes fairly quickly and you are directed to walk outside to the club (general admission and guest list). If you have a table reservation you walk in a different entrance. Let me tell you, once you walk into the club through this entrance you stand at the top of the stairs and you see a see a sea of people dancing on the dance floor and then past them you see the outside lit to perfection. Everything about this club is spot on. . Surrender used to be my favorite club in Vegas but this takes the cake. It is absolutely stunning. There is enough room inside, a large dance floor, somewhere for people to sit who don't have tables, and just such a great atmosphere. If I could, I would live in one of the cabanas. Whenever I am in Vegas, which is a lot, my best memories come from XS. I die for this place and can't wait to go back!!
this is the first review of mine that's not a restaurant, i had to do it because i had never had a nightclub experience that blew my mind like that.  i came to vegas last week for a bachelor party for my buddy.  he and a couple of his friends stayed at encore and planned a night of partying and drinking at xs, the club at encore.  being that we wanted to have that one of a kind experience here, we called the concierge to reserve a space xs for bottle service.  at $500/bottle, it is a little steep, but when you had a group like ours, it actually is quite worth it.  we didn't have to stand in the super long line for general admission for they had a separate entrance for vips and bottle service groups.  slipping some extra green to the bouncer bought us poolside seats at the club...poolside?  are you kidding me?  that was awesome...the space was spacious, had two huge lounge "beds" with one being in the pool;  the space was roped off and allows you to enjoy the outdoor ambiance which consists of a luxurious pool, the two beautiful lit up towers of encore and wynn and of course, the beautiful surroundings of people dressed to impress.  the bottle service was excellent, our server was very nice and friendly and was focused on our space even though there were others around us.  she really did her best at giving great service and it showed, we felt like vips, rockstars, millionaires.  probably the most important aspect of poolside bottle service, it buys you attention from club goers because they know you shelled out some $$$$ for the space.  if you want the ultimate club experience, shell out the extra green and buy bottle service, it's well worth it.
This club is GINORMOUS! . . What makes it so special: The pool and outside area. . . - The Pool: It's HUGE! Plus, there are these beds  you can lay/sit/dance on for FREE. I gaurantee you will see at least one drunkass fall in (at least half way). . . - Cabanas: Cabanas are available on two floors. They're really cozy and pretty spacious. . . - The people: There are SOOO many people that come here. You will definitely see a good amount of hotties to your left and right. The only bad thing is that, because of this reason, there are a CRAPLOAD of people on the dance floor. So breakdancers... sorry but.. no space.
One thing that I realized pretty early on with Yelp is that clubs generally don't grade out very well.  Well, clubsaround the Bay Area at least; seems like in other cities (namely Vegas), they do better.  Although the clubbing atmosphere is similar (for the most part), I guess it's just the fact of being in Vegas that makes it different.  Then again, when you compare the venues, you can see why they're better.. . While I hate going to clubs that have a cover of some sort, there's no avoiding it in Vegas (unless you're a girl).  At least XS makes it worth it.  My friends and I opted to get a couple of bottles and table service since it worked out to be a better value for us than paying for cover and for rounds at the bar.  Plus, hard to put a price on being able to pass up the majority of the lines as well. . . XS is just a gorgeous venue, especially when you're not dying in that stifling desert heat.  There's a relatively plush indoor section with a bunch of tables/booths, the main bar area, and dance floor.  The venue opens onto the outdoor area by the pool, which is surrounded by tables (where we were at) and two levels of cabanas.  They have an outdoor bar that's closer to the dance floor section, while there's another on the other side of the pool.  There were some tables set-up too for any potential gamblers...and there were quite a few packing the tables.  Kinda surprising considering you can do that in the casino without paying cover, but maybe they were all just on a hot streak.. . The DJ spinning the night we went was pretty good - mostly hip-hop/top-40 with some house thrown to mix it up a bit.  The dance floor was pretty packed, and the crowd was pretty cool too.  Pretty diverse, and lots of pretty girls in nice dresses...a guy can't argue with that!  I would suggest trying to load up on drinks beforehand though.  Like at any other club on the strip, drinks can get pretty pricey...but just make sure you don't get too loaded before you get inside.  You don't want to get kicked out before you get a chance to get in.
the setting is just amazing. part of the club was inside while the other half was outside with a pool. but the best part was the occupancy level. it wasn't overly crowded like some other clubs, but still enough to mingle and dance with. . I will definitely come back here again!
Been here 2 times. . . 2k10 Popped my xS cherry. Love it! great atmosphere, saw Holly Madison, Amare Stoudamire, Kevin Durant, and JaMarcus Russell poppin champagne.. . 2k11 Popped it again for my 25th bday. Got fully hooked up from girlfriend's friend who is vegas promoter/knows the owner of xs so we got the full VIP treatment from bottle service, table, and got to chill next to Ne-Yo who gave me props for being so pimp cause my girl was wearing heals that made her taller than i was and thought i was picking up on a random chick being a certified cat williams pimp, smh. Only thing that threw me off about this visit was they played nothing but house/trance music. NO THANKS!. . Overall i love the club, atmosphere and best part it doesn't get too sweaty hot unlike TAO
One of your best nights awaits at XS. The sight of sexy beautiful honeys found inside and waiting to get in is sick! You might not believe your eyes. You will not see so many sexy women in one night at a club anywhere else. Not in LA, New York, Chicago or Miami, not like this. Sorry but you can't beat it. . . The line on friday and saturday nights will get long and crowded. Again, avoid this inconvenience by arriving early or opt for bottle service and you should be right in no time. If you find yourself in the General Admission or Guest List, XS management has made a few changes recently and added a second entrance just for you to alleviate the congested line, you now have a different entrance by the Encore registration area on the opposite side of the club. The main entrance is now only for hotel guests and table reservations. On sunday nights XS holds its cool Night Swim pool party. Swimwear is encouraged, you don't wanna miss this one.. . The most expensive and best club in the U.S and it lives up to its name. It is too much of everything.. A full blown state-of-the-art dance club with a pool, cabanas, tables and a mini casino. Surrender Nightclub might be its equal as far as clubs go in my opinion but XS is the club that started it all. It's elegant and upscale, the whole club experience and atmosphere is fun and exciting. XS Nightclub in Las Vegas has set the bar high. It should be the standard other dance clubs could try to measure up to. Don't try it Miami, New York because I've been to quite a few of your clubs and they fall short. . . Guys just be cool and watch your tab, it can get crazy here, I lost track of mine and ran it to $$$$ damn but it was worth it. I got lucky with one of the girls that joined me and my friends inside no joke. So have fun and don't forget you're in Vegas. Enjoy yourselves!
Do yourself and your friends a big favor and stay at Encore or Wynn. Pre-pay the night's cover charge ($30 - $50 per guy; less for girls) at the concierge desk the day that you want to go and you will receive your "golden tickets" right there and then. Show the bouncers your tickets and you will enter the club without any questions or fuss. I went with four of my guy friends and it was just too easy to get in. Ratio? What ratio? The "golden tickets" just told the bouncers to shut up and let us in. And they obliged. Haha!
I went to Surrender the previous night and notice many i mean A LOT of HOT Girls walking towards Nope not to surrender but XS. I was like wow this is a club I have to go to. . . Cover Charge for Guys:. $50. . Me and my entourage went here on a Saturday Night. The wait was about an hr or so however once we gain entrance it was something else I tell ya. The club is indoors and outdoors. Indoors is where the DJ is playing and the crowd is up close and personal. Indoors was quite crowded though I didn't like it but outside seem more promising.. In the middle of the pool area is where there is tables for you to gamble. The minimum bets here are higher than most other place because of the venue.. The drinks here are pretty decent in price. I got 3 Henny and Coke, 1 Adios, and 1 Remy and coke came out to $72 not bad at all. The drinks were quite strong i l love it!. . The cover charge and wait is worth it fellas, there are far many Fine ladies here then most other clubs!
Great place to go when you're in Vegas. If you're hot and first time in vegas? easy to slide thru! Variety of alcohol is great, especially love the hennesy shots. Goes straight down you're throat, nice pool on the outside but man the club is something you can't miss! Nice lights, cute young gogo dancers, and great up-to-date music where it'll get your body to mingle! My first time experience in Vegas was this club right here and I had a blast. The restrooms are nice and so are the attendants. Cigarrettes are about 7-10$$ there but they have lights, reds, and menthols. I would definitely come back here the next time I take a little vacation to Vegas!
SUNDAY NIGHT POOL PARTY!. XS should promote this more and more clubs should consider having a night pool party! So much fun without all the sweaty atmosphere that you'd normally find in a club!. . Came Sunday night (during EDC Weekend) for Manufactured Superstars and a good time. Got to XS at about midnight and there was a line wrapping towards the hotel convention center... XS doesn't have a separate pre-paid/hotel guest line like at TAO that helps your surpass everyone in general admission, but if you're nice to the bouncers/management, they'll let you skip the line.. . Inside, there's a lil bit for everyone!. 1) blackjack and crap tables next to the bar (play a bit for free drinks if you don't wanna pay ~$13 for a drink at the bar). 2) go-go dancers on the bar and around the pool. 3) a dance floor (in and out of water) set-up in front of the DJ's table opposite the bar. . 4) a large pool with beach balls, pool noodles, and tubes for a good time. . There are life guards on duty to keep things safe and towels available on site. Come in your bathing suit and have fun playing/dancing to good music in the pool. XS Sundays is definitely one my new found favorites, looking forward to coming back!
This was the first club I went to when I went here for the first time in Vegas. . . This place takes a fat dump on any San Jose, California club. I always imagined a CLUB to be like this. I came here for the EDC After party and Laid Back Luke was spinning. It was great. Not the type of place you would see people starting shit and wanting to fight over stepped on Air Jordan's.
I heard the hype, I read the reviews, I walked into what is an extremely beautiful nightclubs. . . There are 2 entrances to the place.  A bottle service, cabana entrance, hotel residence and the other one which is guest list and regular entrance.  The lineup is an amazing sight.  There are beautiful people everywhere.  You need to come dressed and with a smile.  Don't show up with your stupidly drunk friend as you will be sent home.. . Visually you'll not step into many clubs in the world as beautiful as this place.  It has an indoor section with dance floor, tables, go go dancer...gorgeous go go dancers, poles for people to dance on and a nice bar.  There is an entrance to the outside which is even larger which has pools, a bar, a large open space and a cabana area which you can rent so that your friends can hang in and bring girls around to :). . There are beautiful people everywhere.  One of the things I noticed is that there is a pretty good mix of guys and gals which the staff does a good job of allowing in.. . Drinks are expensive so you may want to opt for bottle service if you have a good number of people or money to burn.  If you get a cabana they come with a hot hostess and they're pretty damn cool.  You also never know who you'll run into at XS!!!. . Come check out XS at least once with an open mind and you'll have a fun time.
World-class. Incredible. THE BEST I've seen yet. Raising the standard for the world's nightlife scene, XS is one of the most exclusive, opulent and breathtaking clubs ever, located in the Wynn, Vegas. . . I'm a huge nightlife fan and have made it a priority to go to many of the top clubs of the world (Berlin, Ibiza, Miami, much more!), and XS is really something else. It's so amazing I could go on forever, but instead, I'm just going to say: Experience it for yourself. You'll be glad you did. . . Voted #1 Nightclub in the USA - 2010 Nightclub & Bar Top 100
Probably the best of the mega-clubs in Vegas!. . It's a huge place and as soon as you walk in, you know they did their homework in terms of how to make the place look grand.. . IF, and of if, the weather is nice and not one of those 90+ degree nights, bottle service near the pool is probably the best.  There's an outdoor DJ, beautiful pool (can't go in), and plenty of eye candy all around.  I've been lucky enough to have had a table at the cabana, the round couches, and the normal tables.  If you want more privacy, then cabana is the way to go or else the round couches near the edge of the pool is a nice option, but it is a bit hard to stop randoms sitting down.  Even had someone stole our bottle once, but good thing the bouncer got the dude.  Fool.. . As for bottle service inside, unless you get the roped off tables, it's a mess.  As the night goes on and more come in, the inside &dance floor is an absolute zoo.  It's so crowded that it's pretty damn hard to walk through, so it's easy to feel cramped.. . Drinks are around $12-15.. . DJ's good, and now there are some big name EDM DJ's that'll perform here.. . There are also tables in the club near the pool and it's a dangerous place to be especially if you're drunk haha.  Table minimum is $25 at the beginning of the night and it can jump up to $100!  The only good part is you get to order free drinks just like playing table games at the casino, that is, if you last that long :P. . As usual, bouncers are pretty douchey, so don't mess around.  Guys, best go in with a group of girls, at least 1:1 ratio and prepare to pay cover!  Best to come early too since I've seen the line... go quite far.
Tip for Encore/Wynn hotel guests:. . You can go to the Encore concierge desk during the day and purchase prepaid tickets to XS Nightclub. Although prepaid tickets can only be purchased by hotel guests, you can purchase up to 4 tickets which means that if you have friends who aren't staying at the Encore/Wynn with you, you can still buy it for them since you can buy up to 4 tickets). There's a special line for hotel guests with prepaid tickets at the entrance of XS. We hardly had to wait on a Fri night at 11pm and basically bypassed everyone in the regular line.. . Now about the nightclub itself. XS is beautifully designed and thought out with two main areas: indoor club and outdoor area. The outdoor area is basically where the Encore pool area is during the day and at night it's turned into the outdoor section of the nightclub, which makes it really nice to able to enjoy your drinks and the music right next to the pool. You can reserve a cabana if you want. They also have a few gambling tables in the outdoor area if you wish to try your luck while clubbing. The main dance floor is indoors which opens up to the outdoor area.. . On Sunday nights, they have the Sunday Night Pool Party which means you can go clubbing with your swimwear. . . Most expensive nightclub ever built. Loved the concept and music. Beautiful people all around. Definitely worth checking it out.
U can go here any night its open but I HIGHLY RECOMMEND u go here on Sunday bc it's the best night to go there pretty women all over the F%$*'n  place. Most are friendly and down for whatever. Music was typical Vegas music, but I wasn't paying too much attention to it bc I was WACKED out my mind and when I wasn't gigging I was busy chopping it up and getting my lips bitten by random females I was hooking up with all over the club haha... The Indoor spot is cool but the outside area is hella nice. Wide open area such as Pools, beds, couches, hot tubs (which I used to seduce a few females that night) lol . . Drinks were reasonably priced if I can remember correctly but non the less a good vibe/environment. No drama or nothing just a good frikin time.
It's great being a girl in Vegas! My friend is a promoter and can get the girls in free. I was thoroughly impressed by XS and I could tell it's one of the top clubs in Vegas by how packed it was (it was nearly impossible to dance on the main floor with so many people inside)! The venue itself is beautiful with an outdoor patio -- bar, pool, and island with poker tables-- and a second floor as well. XS I'll be back!
I think this is as good a club as there could be in the world.  Gorgeous club, beautiful crowd, and a wonderful vibe.  This place was so good I gave it 5 stars even with a terrible celebrity DJ in the house all night.  The line was super long so I waited until 2 to go it, but I'm so glad I did.  It is the must visit club in Vegas, and anywhere else for that matter.
My favorite club in Vegas since it opened a few years ago--and it just doesn't get old.  . . TONS of bottle service tables inside and outside, a beautiful pool, casino, a pretty good looking and mixed crowd and good music!. . Never a dull moment here!
Great ambiance, professional courteous staff.  I had a great time here.  I would definitely go back in a heartbeat.
I've been here 2 times and I have to say, I'm still impressed by the layout, the lighting and the outdoor pool!. . The first time I was there in Sept. 2010, me and my BFF (somsom) got there early simply because we didn't want to deal with the line. Someone told her that the line gets pretty long. (I've must've been so spoiled as a photographer, I hardly deal with lines. if I had to get inline, I rather not go). . After a little wait, we finally got 8 girls in w/out cover. (saweet. it's good to have someone in your group to have hookups in vegas. saves you moola). . We got there close to 12AM so it was already insanely packed when we got there. The bar wasn't so bad though. Me and a girlfriend of mine want to order a drink at the bar that was in the middle of the pool. We didn't have to wait that long to get a drink. We hung out there for a bit and relax outside the crowd. My friend got her foot wet in the pool a bit. (I had straps for heels, it was going to be alot of work for me to take it off then put them back on so I stayed dried.). . Eventually we made our way back to the table and hung out there a little bit more. By this time it was a little past 2AM and we wanted to make one more stop before the nightclub ends so we left.. . The music is ok, nothing impressive but not bad enough for me to never come back there again.. . It's a cool spot. I like it. I think it's most girls' favorite spot because of the pool. I like it and I would return for another round if/when I'm in town again.
Loved XS! Great atmosphere and something for everyone. . . Whether you are interested in getting sweaty on the dance floor or want to take it easy and groove off to the side but still watch all the action. . . They even have a relaxing area outside by the pool where the ladies can dip their feet in or sit down and take a rest. The poolside planters double as extra seating. At other clubs any seating is prime real estate set aside for only bottle service. . . The music was decent. I agree with the other reviews that they mix it up a lot so you can't really get into a song before they've already changed it up. Plus there is an overarching techno beat that they like to overlay over every song.. . Only negative is the price. If you can get in free, good for you, otherwise it can be $20 for ladies and $30 for guys and the cheapest drinks will run at least $10 . . Overall, best club I've ever been too
XS is by far my favorite club to go to in Vegas.  When I go to Vegas (usually Friday - Sunday), we go clubbing both nights we're there and XS is a definite must for us to go to.  Plus, you know this place is bomb when the line goes all the way to the end of the hotel and never seems to be moving.. . Located in the beautiful Encore Hotel on the Strip, it's simple enough to find once you get in.  There will be signs up ahead and there's always a hotel employee to ask so it's not hard to find.  Typically, there's a guest list you can get on so it's not expensive, but there's NO guest list for Friday or Saturday nights.  Girls typically get in for free before around midnight, but sorry, guys, it's gonna cost you $30-50.  Sucks having a penis in Vegas.  The number of girls in your group will help with how much the guys will pay. Dress code for guys can be strict; guys, dress to impress - no dirty sneaks or looking sloppy.  You won't get in, or any other club for that matter, looking like a slob.  Just sayin'.  My friends and I usually get in line at around 930, just so we can get our stamps and then leave to go pre-game at other nearby lounges or in our rooms and come back at around midnight when it starts to get crackin'.  If you get in line at like 11, expect to wait a longgg time.  I've seen the line get rediculously long, so yea.. . Once you get past security and what not, you walk in through this gold revolving door (which is heavier than it looks - I know because I've walked right into it before because I didn't push hard enough).  You then walk up some stairs and you find yourself looking at the club and it's amazing.  Lights, tables, booths and the dance floor are what you see right when you walk in.  Towards the right of the entrance, you'll see a bar.  Near that bar is the entrance towards the pool/out door area.  The outside is amazing and my favorite thing in the summertime.  There are cabanas, small tables, a small casino area and the outdoor bar.  The cabanas are really roomy and comfortable.  The dance floor inside can get really crowded as in everyone is just rubbing against each other dancing and trying to walk around - especially near the entrance to get outside.  Lots of rubbernecking I guess, so dancing outside is my favorite thing to do.  The pool has a sort of shallow end, where people are allowed to dance in, but don't try and jump into the pool because you WILL get kicked out.  Just stick to the shallow end, which will reach mid calf I guess and dance your hearts out.  The music is pretty awesome.  A lot of house, and top 40 remixes.  You'll be dancing nonstop.  Well drinks are about $15 on average, but not surprising since it is Vegas.  Service at the bars is pretty good, seeing as how it's always packed.  You don't have to wait that long - ladies, with the right dress and sincere smile, a lot of the guys are definitely willing to let you go before them.  Haha, just sayin'.  Doesn't hurt to have boobs in Vegas.  The atmosphere at this place is pretty chill and somewhat diverse I guess - the crowd's ages run from mid 20s to 30s.  You'll definitely run into people you know (the best friend and I have had our run-ins with people we wanted to avoid here - "You're here? Damn, I thought I left you behind in Orange County."  Haha).  The people are really nice I guess - mostly because everyone's drunk and just trying to have a good time.  I've only encountered one incident where I had to break a fight between a friend of a friend and a stranger.. . Summertime is the best time to go to XS.  They have the pool and outdoor area open.  I went with the best friend Katie N. and Rian A. for my birthday in December, and they closed the outside bar and roped a lot of the area outside so once it got crowded inside, it was pretty much suffocating and claustrophobic almost.  If you're planning a weekend Vegas trip, DEFINITELY put XS on the top of your "Clubs to Visit" list.  You will not regret it.
LOVE LOVE LOVE! So much fun here! This is a must for Las Vegas. I love the indoor and outdoor setting. Love the beds on the water. I love how there are so many people here to mingle with yet it isn't annoyingly crowded, and that's only because it's so big and roomy here! I love and everytime I come back to Las Vegas, I WILL be coming here!
Loved it!!!!Expensive but It's Vegas so I am not complaining. Monday was service industry night. Packed! We were on the guest list so I don't know anything the wait or lines. The club is beautiful inside and out. Lovely decor. Ultimate Vegas nightclub experience! Do it!!!!!!!!
Now if you haven't been to XS or are coming to Vegas for the first time and want to experience a great clubbing experience...XS is where it's at!. . -Sound system is great!. -Music/DJ is awesome! Usually house mixed with top hits!  Good vibe upbeat and fun to dance to!. -People who come here are typically good looking and dress for a Vegas club! So ambience is great!. -Good ratio of men and women!. -It has a big open area, so if you do not have a table, or even if you do but want to go outside for a bit and sit in the open air...you can!  And you can also find a bigger space to dance but still hear the music perfectly!. -Club is beautiful! . -Plenty of restrooms and they are kept up well. -FUNTIMES ALWAYS!. . Never have a bad time or bad experience at this club!
This is my favorite club in Vegas.  It's spacious and swanky looking inside.  I love how it opens into the pool.  I've taken off my shoes and danced barefoot in it.  Because it's so open, it doesn't get too crowded or stuffy inside.  The music and the crowd is great.  The downside is it's hard to get in for free unless you are a guest at Encore, but that's how it is when you're trying to get into one of Vegas' hottest clubs.
Hands down the best club in vegas.. . Everytime I go to vegas this is my must spot for Saturday night but I hear its great all weekend long, even Mondays!. . This place has over 1000 reviews so i'll spare you the redundant details and focus on my tips/advice if you're a first timer.. . If you're doing the general admission/e-ticket thing the lines arent as bad as they may look. I've waited in line on Saturday night (their busiest night) on regular weekends, holiday weekends, and major boxing weekends (mayweather) and have never had to wait longer than 30 minutes. It moves fairly quickly. Only time I waited longer was memorial weekend but thats just a well known crazy night and well worth the wait no matter how long it took. On any night you better get in line by 11/11:30'ish or all bets are off, including price of admission which I hear goes up after 12.. . On busy night the dancefloor can get completely gridlocked. Even though I like to dance I try to avoid that situation for numerous reasons. There is room to dance up by the main level of tables. Thats where i'll go if its too crazy. A place to dance where you can still enjoy the atmosphere without getting bumped into a million times.. . I hear lots of complaints about the bars but its not that bad. They get busy and it can be a bit of a wait but not too bad if you're good at picking your spots. I like to go to the one on the other side of the pool because its the furthest from the club.. . Drink prices? Who cares. It's vegas. You shouldn't be in vegas if money is an issue. Thats like going to the Oscars but complaining that you have to wear a tuxedo and take a limo. Please!. . Same goes for the dress code (guys). Dress to impress, it's Vegas, not some local watering hole in the middle of nowhere. As with most clubs in vegas dress shoes are a must. I would avoid wearing anything even resembling a tennis shoe, even if its a solid black/brown color dressy looking tennis shoe. XS has staff that will walk up and down the line and literally kick you out if you are not dressed properly. Dress at your own risk!  . . Music, I hear alot of complaints from people like myself who enjoy hip hop/r&b. Yes the DJ's will bombard you with house/techno/EDM but you just have to grin and bear it. Its the hottest club in the world so you just have to tolerate it. Once I start drinking I don't care. i'll even dance to it. I'm buzzed and enjoying myself surrounded by hot girls in a great club, I could care less what they're playing. Haha.. . All in all this place is kinda like the playboy mansion, everyone should experience it at least once in their life.. . I'm usually there on Saturdays during all the popular weekends so if you run into me don't be afraid to say hi. See you there! Cheers!
This place is pretty awesome, it is even more awesome when you stay at the Wynn or Encore and can walk back up to your room without heels on. :). . We got bottle service here for $600 inc tax and gratuity, the server was nice but we mostly could make our own drinks. It was kind of slow in the beginning we were in around 11 on a Friday night but then WOAH, it got packed and the place is open late! Totally worth it if you have a big group to get bottle service and have a small space to rest your feet, put your shoes, dance on a couch and go crazy when the dance floor becomes gridlocked with people! It's vegas, you came here to spend money so go all out!!
Dating Guide for Dummies, Vol. 4: How to properly club & hit on a group of bodacious bimbos at an A-list Vegas night club.. . In this edition of DG for D's, I'm going to cover a premiere Vegas night club and extract it's venue perks towards your benefit.  This is also one of the few clubs where every girl will still look amazing after the lights turn on, so there's no need to rush out.. . When you go to a night club, you need to be fresh, look fresh, and feel fresh.  The girls don't get Barbie'd up for nothing in this town so you need to do your part too, but do it with a cool sense of casual-class and finesse.  Down-dress with a nice untucked dress shirt with your sleeves rolled, slim designer jeans, dress shoes other than black, and a loose, solid tie (optional, but highly recommended). . . Now on to the venue, XS is a club where the guys "can" get some loving, but how, you ask?  I feel your pain brother, that's why I wrote this installment.  Main rule of thumb, don't wait in the 2 hour line and don't go in broke.  Even if you manage to walk in with a group of lovely girls, you will need to order drinks.  Your best bet is to cut the line by booking a VIP table and/or cabana with your boys and splitting the costs.  Girls love VIP and they love free bottle service so you're sure to attract a herd of them.  With that said, if you're not hitting it off, limit those skanks to 1 drink or risk getting played.. . Did I mention the girls are easy?  For the most part they are.  Trust me, 85% are there to get some sort of action: simple flirting, subtle make out sessions, someone to dance with, or straight answer how they like their eggs in the morning question.  Over easy please.  Stay away from the other 15%, you'll immediately know who they are and don't question the validity of these statistics, it's certified as I've scientifically proven them during my last visit.. . Make sure to stay away from any pair of girls since they usually want to dance with themselves, unless they approach you or emit an inviting aura a la cutesy wandering eyes.  Also, steer clear of groups larger than 4 unless you have backup.  There's too much criticism amongst these felines and you'll be heavily scrutinized.  Even if the entire group digs you, it takes one crazy bitch to say stop-no-and-don't to ruin your game.  3 is the magic number fellas, there are less girls to impress and you'll get a chance to charm them up on a more intimate level.  If you happen to cusp one away from her pack, the other two girls will still have each other so she's really not leaving her girls hanging.  Once you do, take her outside to cool off and dance at the shallow end of the pool.  Trust me and get your feet wet, this will show her your fun, adventurous side.. . If you arrive a little late, well that's perfect!  The girls are already liquored up from the many guys offering them free drinks.  This is a good thing as these guys haven't read my guide so they're making our jobs easier and cheaper.  They don't call me Dr. Date, aka Mr. Steal-Your-Girl for nothing.  Have no shame, just roll on in and commit a robbery.  Also remember, these girls are already wet from how magnificent the venue is: the euro style decor and endless stripper poles, flashing lights and fancy limelights, gorgeously-lit pool area and spacious outdoor dance floor, loungy plush-white day beds, and party-rocking-world-class dj's.  XS is really doing us a favor.  You paid for it so use it towards your advantage.. . Now go, young padawan, for you have the tools necessary to roam the short skirts of XS.  May good luck and fortune bestow upon you.  And remember kids, what happens in Vegas, stays...except for herpes.  That shit will come home with you.
My favorite nightclub by far in Vegas and over California. It's grand, classy, and is quickly describable as a billionaire's pool party. . . Like everyone else here, every single time I go, all of my friends and I have an AMAZING time with great stories to come out of it. XS did it right! They got everyone to love their club and because everyone is happy walking in, the vibe is just that much better and crazier than other clubs. The atmosphere and everyone's attitude really is noticeably different than that of other clubs like TAO or Marquee. Keep at it XS! Keep your resident DJ who plays bangin beats all night long and keep makingthose drinks tasty and strong. . . I came here once to see Afrojack; the club was off the chaaiiinn crazy. Make sure you come Saturday nights. It's definitely the most poppin compared to friday or sunday. And another thing: I have never seen a club so well stocked in stripper poles! They know how to provide entertainment to the fine drunk ladies and men. . . Another awesome thing XS does is provide wheelchairs!! I don't know if it is common or regular for other clubs to do this, because I've only seen it done here (and I guess it says something about how awesome of a time people are having...). Yup, if you or your drunkass friend can't stand, they aren't quick and rude to push you out and let you stumble and fall on your way home. They'll roll you out like the drunk queen (or king) you are all the way to the front of the taxi line! What a perk!!
Easily my favorite nightclub in Vegas.  This place is beautiful and has an amazing layout. I love the openness of it , so even when it gets packed (and it will) it's not as bad as most clubs. I love clubs that are connected to an outside area. In this case,  you have access to the pool area and pool bar. The best part is putting your tired aching feet in the water, or you can lounge by the pool beds. I'll definitely go back!
THE BEST NIGHTCLUB IN VEGAS.. . There's still a lot of hype over this place and it is all well deserved. I applaud the designers and architects of this venue because it's a dream club come true.. . I don't often go to Vegas but when I do, I visit XS. I've been here four times on 3 separate trips (twice on my most recent vacation). Each trip was with a different group of friends and each group raved about how great this place is!. . With a winning combination of luxury and music, XS attracts a diversely hot and popular crowd. But the best part of this venue is the layout, which is extremely spacious. There's no walking up multiple stairwells to gain re-entry or losing your friends in a maze-like club with darkly lit areas. While some of the club is inside, most of it is outside under the starry night sky. Everything is on one level, except for the second floor cabanas which have a nice balcony view overlooking the party.. . Even when XS is packed on Fridays and Saturdays, the club still has a lot of room for people to socialize, gamble, dance and move around. There's a shallow spot in the pool that reaches a little above your ankles. That's the popular area for the girls to dance at. I'm sure it's also soothing to their feet after walking in high heels so much.. . Sunday nights are awesome because they open up the pool as well. The stage faces the pool and you can party while getting your nightly swim on. The nice thing is you don't have to go swimming, it's just an option. You can either show up in your bathing suit or your dressed up attire. Sunday nights are definitely more chill but they're still able to draw a nice crowd.. . If you have to visit one club in Vegas, go with XS.
Get there early, but it's a must! It's the best club in Vegas.
I've only been to XS twice and got damn it  XS is the best pool party in Vegas until someone shows me something better. . . The lay out of the pool area is absolutely amazing. The Wynn pool is amazing but it doesn't have addition of a club/pool party that XS and Encore offers. . . Luxury clubbing at it best with a splash of wack music but if you like that techno/house vibe then this is perfect for you. I don't think they play to hip hop crowd. The two times I've gone the DJ's played to the euro and the people who can't dance crowd but his Saturday that I went it was less about the dance and more about the mackin! . . Being outside in the hot 85 to 90 degree weather at night brings out the sexy and popular in everyone. I tell you this I was a sexy beast that night. Weather I was pretending to dance in the front stage area where the dj was located in front of the pool or in the pool getting my feet wet with all the girls and a handful of their hating ass boy friends. Hey it wasn't my fault they bought the bullshit; I was just chit chatting and shooting the breeze. . . Let me get back to the stage because I can see a lot of really dope shows being played here. What if they were to throw a few secret shows only guest knew about like Ye and Jigga doing a show or hosting a pool party that would be crazy! . . Now imagine all the cute black girls there in ankle high water cause they can't get their hair wait, or asian, latinas, white girls going crazy in their two piece, one piece, or daisy dukes going crazy at a show?. And ladies just imagine what your type of guy would look like. . . You even get table service in the Cabanas or at a table on one of the many patios.  . . XS is a great place to go H.A.M really even if you got baby money...
It's an awesome, cool place with yard, outdoor pool and hot tubs!!! Had a great time with my girls there~~~ Make sure you are on the guest list to get in easier without cover charge.
That night was a blur, but thank god we found a good patch of grass outside for my friends to sit around and be wallflowers :)
To me, this is the best night club in Vegas! Great music, drinks, and awesome deals on VIP tables.  I wish I stayed here instead of going to Marquee.
XS is the best club that I've ever been to in my life for many reasons. . . 1.) It's MASSIVE! There are a lot of places to sit and and a lot of places to explore. You're immediately welcomed with a large pool in the center, surrounded by lounge chairs and "beds." The interior and dance floor is definitely a site to see. . . 2.) You can always tell a club is legit based on their bathrooms. The women's bathroom has plenty of stalls, so waiting in a long line to go potty is out of the question. There are also a variety of hair sprays and perfumes lined up along the sinks for much needed feminine touch-ups. A bathroom attendant is also there to hand you paper towels after you're finished washing your hands.. . 3.) There is a very shallow part of the pool where you can stick your feet in. This feels amazing after a long night of walking, dancing, and shoecide. It's also a great way to avoid those preying man whores because many of them aren't willing to take their shoes and socks off to get into the pool.  . . Keep in mind to get on the guestlist, arrive early, and have an even guy/girl ratio, otherwise you're not only going to have to empty your wallet to get into this club, but you're also going to have to wait in a 3 hour line. XS is the kind of club that you'd see in a movie or maybe even in a good dream. If you're in Vegas and are looking for a place to get your mind blown, XS would be at the top of my list.
This club embodies what a Las Vegas nightclub should be.  . . As you enter and take in the enormous outdoor dance area centered around a large pool with a bar in the middle, you can just anticipate what craziness will undoubtedly occur here.  There is an indoor area as well.  The dance floor wasn't open inside, but the bars were.  The club is gorgeous and so are the people.  . . A group of us four girls went on a Sunday night.  We got there a little after 10 and there was already a line but not too bad.  We waited no more than 20 min. before a guy with a clipboard let us go to the front and comped our entry.  It's good to be a girl!. . Apparently, the pool is open on Sunday nights and a lot of people come dressed casually.  There were still a lot of people dressed to impress.  And then there were those who couldn't decide and wore board shorts with a dress shirt and tie...  anything goes here really.  By the end of the night, you'll see people in their underwear.  I'm not kidding. . . The music here was all house music on Sunday.  It sucked that the music didn't get good until much later in the night.  Which probably explains why the club got crazy packed by midnight and was still pretty crowded when we left at 3 am.
I've been to Vegas a few times, but this was the first time I went to XS Nightclub. I was a bit surprised that it was in Encore because I have been to Surrender before. Just the thought of having two pretty well known nightclubs in the same hotel puts into perspective how ballin' this hotel owner must be.. . We came here for a friend's birthday and I really expected a lot of trouble getting in, but it surprisingly went pretty smooth! Had no problems at all, walked in, paid our admission, and enjoyed the rest of the night.. . The venue was great! It was very spacious and well ventilated. The music was good too; nothing that really grabbed my attention, but definitely that house-y/top 40 dance music that everyone is going for these days. There's a huge pool and the bars are pretty accessible. The dance floor is a bit tight, but nothing you wouldn't expect from a packed Vegas nightclub.. . The most important part for me were the numerous places you can just sit back and relax. When you go with a group full of girls that just want to dance the whole night away, the thing that you really need most out of a nightclub are drinks and seats.
XS is now a favorite! The music has gotten WAYYYYY better, but I think its probably because they've got competition now with Marquee at The Cosmopolitan! XS is always a favorite...and oldie but a goodie! :)
Of the seven times I've gone to Vegas in the past year, I've gone to XS six of those trips and have never had a bad experience! The music selection is great, dancefloor is crackin' (sometimes too cramped, but the more the merrier!) and bottle service is plentiful! The only set back is how busy the bars will get, and I hate waiting in line. But as a girl, the more tables means more guys and that means more free drinks :P. . I love the setup of XS too. You have the dark and intimate environment of the inside, with plush seats and cramped dancefloors. Then you have a wide, open space on the outside. The pool is definitely a plus for when you need to cool your feet down, and that's heaven to a girl rockin 5'' pumps. Of course you run into the occasional creeps, but that happens at any club and it just means you're doin' something right hehe. I've even been here sober and still had an amazing time. Lovelovelove it!!
The 5 star review is strictly for the ladies. If you're a girl, there is no reason not to go here. You can get in free, listen to awesome music, kick your shoes off and dance in the shallow end of the pool. Beautiful girls in beautiful clothes abound and it is fun to be one of them for the night. . . Still, despite all the lovely ladies, guys may think twice before spending their night here. A ridiculous cover, interminable lines, and expensive drinks (you're the ones buying!). Plus, pretty much every girl I went with, myself included, and every girl I talkedto was in a long term relationship and not looking to hook up or even really talk to guys.
Wow what can I say? well this club is definitely 5 stars. Very elegant and classy and nice setup. Now the line is stupid long but me and my girls came an hour early and end up meeting some guy at the bar who just so happen to have bottle service at XS so we didn't have to wait in line.. . The only thing is I got kicked out the bar because my license was expired but I had my temporary license on me and the bartender gave me a hard time anyways :-/ but luckily the bouncers at the door was cool and me & my girls got in.. . The crowed was cool but I did notice a lot of asians, it was a saturday night. I don't know how much it cost to get in OR how much the drinks are at the bar but I do know you better get there early!!! Other than the asians the crowed was pretty mix music was techno (Ugh) but I just can't get over how beautiful the club is :) its a must see place and best club in vegas hands down :). . PS: Encore hotel is very lovely :) and they have self parking.
I love XS! This club is the epitome of what Las Vegas clubbing is all about.. The beautiful club, layout, the outdoor pool/water, heck you can even gamble in the club! . . Idk if its the particular night but the crowd was WIERD! I swear there were people on some sort (not surprising) but it sure is funny watching them dance. One guy was holding a lit glass votive candle and dancing in a weird swirly way. the wax couldve dripped if he was to go just a little crazy. He was in his own world...in the zone. so hilarious! . Anyways, there are bunch of guys here who sort of just stand and prey on you. It's creepy. . Other than that, XS is Fun and was memorable for me. I would definitely come again and don't even mind paying. . . . I came to XS before they started having weekend GL again or something...while we were in line, it was funny to see so many girls get rejected by the host or the doorman when they were asking them in a flirtatious way how it is just a group of girls (2~5) and if they can skip the lines and get in for free. The hosts and bouncers all said no and that the only way to get in the club was to be in the line.. I was surprised by this since i thought all girl groups get more priority, and these girls weren't that bad looking either. O_o. . If getting in is an issue or you are a group of guys who do not want to buy a table, you can always go there early and get in line around 9~9:30 (whatever time the lines open) and pay, get your hand stamped and pre-party somewhere else or do whatever you want and walk back into the club through the "re-entry" lines which is shorter with no hassle and you will feel like some vip skipping the lines. haha :) Cuz trust me, by 11pm the lines are crazy!. . Also, a nice thing is when you do go in and out of the club with a drink, the doorman transfers your glass drink into a plastic cup so you can take it out of the club and roam around the hotel or wherever you are going.
Alright, let's talk about why we really love XS:. . . - Watching the ugly guys hit on the drunk girls. - Watching the drunk girls lose their clothes & shoes during the night. - Sunday night swim!. - Nice bathrooms. - Gorgeous layout. - Lots of security. . Things we don't love about it, but we do anyways because the place is amazing:. . - Long lines (but not for me - woohoo!). - Overpriced drinks. - Thismuch room on the dance floor
Quite fun whilst drunk.
Love XS....Beautiful club, great atmosphere........kind of limited on space...but otherwise amazing. We had a great time there. Loved the pool. Drinks are expensive but good. Great music.
I have found a new love and it's name is XS. . . Can't really remember much, but from what I can piece together, this place is fabulous...emphasis on the FAB. Went on a Saturday after pre-partying at Tryst and got right in. So much space to do your thang, be it eat, drink, dance, or get freaky with the hottie next to you. Great vibe, great dj spinning house (??, again can't really remember). But the lil jacuzzi and pool you can dance in are great. As are the cabanas. My favorite HANDS DOWN.
Wow. XS might be my favorite place in the world to party. Thank the lord my friend had some solid Vegas connections. From what I hear, it's hard enough to get into this club typically, but on Labor Day Weekend no less? Forget it. We arrived to a line filled with hopefuls that snaked out of the check-in area and down the long hallway. After some initial confusion, we found the VIP check-in located in a really random banquet hall section that backed up to the club. There was not one man in the line, which says it all about the nightlife scene in Vegas. Guys better have some really solid connections or drop mad dough if they want to party at the hot spots. . . The line moved quickly and we entered into the patio area. Drinks were crazy expensive, and although we had pregamed extensively, it was our last night of the trip so we wanted to go out big.. . We walked around a bit then parked ourselves on the patio for a while, where we danced, people-watched and just enjoyed the night. Then we decided to head inside the club, where will.i.am was spinning. I must have been walking around with a glow because it just felt like people were extra friendly and having a great time. I didn't really experience any of the pushing, shoving or bitchface that I had noticed at the other clubs that week. . . Our night at XS is just one element of what made for an unforgettable weekend with some of my favorite girls, but I am already contemplating my next trip out.
XS is byfar the best club in vegas and that's really saying a lot because there are so many clubs that cater to different types of people. but i'm telling you, XS is breathtaking and the crowd is always so much fun. walking in, you are greeted by a huge opening of their pool, with the dance floor in the middle. . . the first time i went to vegas, i've always heard about XS and being already hyped up about the club, i was anxious to go. I contacted my promoter and got our group onto the guest list. it's very important as anyone knows, to get a good contact for clubs. so we got on the list and our boys had to pay a 20 dollar cover, which wasn't bad compared to 50. and as soon as we walked in, the hall leading to the dance floor was already beautiful. us girls wanted to get drunk, fast so the guys headed straight for the bars and my girlfriend and i headed straight for the tables. yes, the tables. we have several lines, that works every time, to get us drinks. and if not, all we have to do is stand around looking bored and we get invited to a table. after that, the night becomes a fun blur and all i can think about is when i'll be back.
This club is amazing. Amazing layout. Very very popular in Vegas so, expect long lines. Very trendy. Awesome Awesome Awesome. You will not be dissapointed if you are looking for a trendy dance club.
Now everyone in the club gettin tipsy!. .....................what everyone else said 5 stars.. #1 club in vegas. . . been to tryst. been to rain. been to tao. been to pure. been to the bank . been to surrender. been there done that, staying at XS thank you. . Tip:. LADIES NEVER! NEVER! NEVER! PAY A COVER.. YOU CAN ALWAYS FIND A PROMOTER NO CHARGER ;D
I'll always LOVE XS (Marquee comes in at a close 2nd) for its music, ambiance, and overall vibe. I would live in here if it was permitted!. . XS is the perfect partying environment; there are bars everywhere, card tables too, and not to mention the joy of having the pool's shallow waters to traipse through!. . I personally love the poles, our group made friends with a bunch of other girls because we were all working the poles and banisters...VEGAS, that's all I have to say.
Been to this venue several times, I guess I'm due for a review. Like many have said before me, the club itself is pretty amazing (imagine 100 million dollars worth of lights and glitz.). Upon initial entry - huge space with gorgeous lights coming from every direction and beautiful people everywhere; a bit sensory overload if you ask me.  The club features a huge indoor space with multiple bars, dance stages and lots of VIP tables. But no worries, even if you're not doing table service, there are still plenty of place to rest (mostly outdoors, during non-holiday weekends). The restrooms are clean and for some strange reason, no matter how packed the venue is, there's never a line at the ladies room (no complaints there!).  The lady working the restroom is super nice so tip her well.  The outdoor area has a gorgeous pool, gaming tables, multiple bars and upstairs private Cabanas.  . . The Music at XS is a hit or miss for me because I'm not in love with Electro all the time but I've always enjoyed the live sets on holiday weekends; We went this past Labor Day weekend and had a great time to Will.I.AM & Manufactured Superstar sets. The only downside is it does get insanely packed and can be difficult to move around and I often wish I had shoe protectors (Manolos and spilled alcohol don't mix!). . . One thing I would like to say is that I see a lot of previous reviews complaining about the long waits and packed bars. Please take note we're talking about one of the best club in Vegas and possibly one of the best clubs in the world; long waiting time should be more than expected. You can always opt for guestlist (if available) or VIP host entry service. Otherwise, get there early if you want to avoid lines. . . There's no denying XS will be an unforgettable experience. We're already booking for NYE!
Sunday nights are off the hook.  Sunday night pool party was by far the best night.  Saturdays are always great, but too crowded. Great crowd and a ridiculous dj.  Went to marquee Saturday night this time around.  Great place, but no where near XS.
Went here when i went to Vegas after turning 21.  Good feel to this club.  Can get really packed, so try to get there early and stick with your group.  Or perhaps try to have a meeting spot outside somewhere.  The drinks were pricey, but hey, we're in Vegas!  I think the cover for guys increases as the night progresses, but I'm not completely sure.  I know a few of my guy friends said they had to pay $100 after midnight.  So my group avoided that by getting there earlier than normal.  Good music and good people.  Vegas, baby!
XS ranks in my top 5 favorite places in the world! and i'm not kidding. I've always had an amazing time  here. I'll be honest, i'm not sure what the line situations are like cause i'm typically wasted by that point but I'm almost positive i've never waited. Get on the guest list or in with people with a table. . . There are so many clubs in Vegas but I always come to XS because the space is beautiful and a guaranteed good time! love love love XS
XS is hot! walking into this place gave me a rush of excitement! they had JAY Z BUMPIN!!! "JIGGA MY NI**A!!!" my GOD!!! so many good looking women!!! be willing to pay though cause its a top notch club for top notch people, i went there already good and toasted so i avoided buying any drinks there hahahaha 15 bucks for a beer? cmon now.. im not rich and even if i was id be questioning the price still!!! We got in though and didn't have to wait in line due to the nice security xP i must've pulled like 5 numbers that night without buying them drinks. HAH.. only thing i didn't like was how the DJ would switch the style of music to rave music then back to hip hop keep it on hip hop!!! cause it was hittin and everyone was feeling it, other then that..best club I've ever been to no doubt., can't wait to go back!!! don't forget your dress shoes!!! & dress to impress.
I came back to XS for a friend's birthday the past weekend and it was another smooth transaction! I got Will Call tickets for Aviici and it was literally walk to the ID checker, get stamped, go inside and party! I waited in line no more than 2 minutes! They made some changes to the venue that made it a lot roomier and the music was great as always!
BEST NIGHTCLUB EVER!. . why? because i didnt have to flirt majorly with the bouncer and squeeze my nonexistent boobs together to get in. he looked at me and asked me if i wanted to get in right away. well what a sweetie ;). . SUPER crowded, plays normal clubbing music (or well what i consider normal) and love that its partially outdoors. hate clubs that are all indoors, hot and stuffy. makes me mad.. . this club is one of the reason why i havent gone clubbing outside of vegas much... nothing in the bay area will ever match to the amazingness of XS (or any club in vegas for that matter). . waiting for winter break to roll around so i can go backkkkk I MISS YOU XS!! i'll be back soon :)
the nicest club i have ever been too . The very moment I walked in I was amazed at how beautiful this venue was. From the lighting, the interior, the stripper poles, the dance floors, and the people this club was killer. & the best part of it was the fact YOU COULD ACTUALLY MOVE INSIDE' your not pushed by stinky sweaty people and alcoholic beverages don't spill on your cute dress. Instead you have the opportunity  to sit on beautiful floating beds in the pool, dance on the dance floor, get a drink at the bar with ease, and dip your feet in the pool when your feet start to hurt. . . if its your first time visiting the clubs in vegas. i recommend going here & marquee' . . charge per girl'. $20-30
The line was pretty long, but it's not bad as Marquee! Cover charges for ladies are the usual $20, but a bit more for the fellas. They don't do even guy-girl ratios. (good for guys) The dance floor is crazy packed. The area near the pool is huge. There's beds and cabanas where you can just lounge around, take off your heels & soak your painful feet in the pool.  The bass of the music was so loud...it was kind of intense. Bar service was quick. . . all I have to say, BEST. NIGHTCLUB. EVER. I love you XS!. It's the best clubbing experience I've had!!!!!
This is 1 of my fav clubs in Vegas the 2nd is Tryst!!
Okay...XS has definitely redeemed themselves!. . I came back in June, over EDC weekend, and I had a splendid time! My friends and I were able to negotiate for a table right by the stage and dance floor. Albeit it did cost us over three grand, but collectively, it was worth it. We had bottles of rose champagne, Grey Goose, and Hennessy flowing and the music that night was siiick! I believe Above & Beyond was spinning and I am a huge fan! . . We did not run into any issues with the staff this time around. THANK GOODNESS! Everyone was very accommodating and respectful. I never realized how spacious and airy the night club was, but now that I have, it is one of my favorite attributes of XS! XS will definitely be one of my go-to night clubs in Las Vegas! *fist pumps*
This has to be the best club to go to on Sunday night in Vegas! We started the night at Pure thinking it would play house music, but no such luck. So, we headed over to XS. There was a really long line when we got there and we thought it would take hours to get in, especially since we weren't on the guest list. However, after waiting in line for only 10 minutes, one of the promoters walked up to me and my boyfriend, asked how many were with us (there was just us two) and let us skip the line. It was $20 for girls and $30 for guys.. . This was definitely a better looking crowd than most clubs I've been to in Vegas. It was packed that night, but fortunately there is a lot of room there. People were dressed to impress. Girls wearing the usual mini dress and guys in a button up and jeans. There were quite a few people swimming, but it really didn't get in the way of those who didn't want to get wet.  The music was on point with three DJ's playing only house that night. . . I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!
Stripper poles, open layout, outside pool area..... . For the Vegas glitz and glam, I think this is one of the best  and largest clubs because of the open layout, gorgeous decor, good vibes and decent music.  . . COVER:. Friend's promotor got our bachelorette party in for no cover and a quick 10 minute wait.  Otherwise, not sure how much cover is for the fellas, I'm assuming it's the usual $30+.  The only suck part wasthey wouldn't let us wear our bachelorette gear of beaded necklaces and the bride wasn't allowed to wear her crown. Weird.   If you're staying at Encore, ask concierge if they give passes for guests to bypass the wait.  I saw a separate line of people walking past us to the door, asked one of the guys and he said they're guests of the hotel.   . . VENUE:. It's like a grand entrance walking into this spacious layout with the bars, booths, and stripper poles surrounding the dance floor in front.  WIth the open air, pool, and another bar just beyond the dance floor.  The dance floor isn't the biggest but it does the job and I like how you can venture easily outside to dance around the pool or kick off your shoes and frolic in the water.  There are a bunch of cabanas on the first and second level overlooking the pool area.  I think I even saw a casino area?!   I liked how there were "free" seats around, not just VIP seating.  I saw some lounge beds in the pool, which looked really cool.  Drinks are the usual 15+ bucks. Pre drink for sure. . . BEATS:  . While they were pumping some house when we got there, I was relieved when they started mixing in some hip hop throughout the night.  Ok mix in general,  towards the end of the night you couldn't even tell the difference anyways.. . ATTIRE:. Vegas hootchie mama gear for the guys and gals of course....but I like to keep it classy hootchie ;-)  One thing I noticed that was interesting was the outfits of the two go-go dancers here.  While most of the dancers in the other clubs are shakin it in their bra and panties.  These dancers were wearing cute dresses that covered all their goods, leaving a only a bit of cleavage.  Classy!. . So much fun we didn't even realize we stayed till the closing.  Yay Vegas  sunrise walk of shame!  Def. spend your money here if you are looking for a club to doll up and get your drinkies/dance on.
It's no wonder that XS is one of the most popular clubs in Vegas - it's absolutely beautiful and you are pretty much guaranteed to have an amazing night just by going here. . . My birthday was on a Sunday and I heard from friends, who are Vegas veterans, that XS is the place to be on Sunday nights. . . Both the Wynn and Encore hotels are absolutely gorgeous. Upon walking into the lobby of Encore, I knew that we were in good hands and that we had made the right choice! At the entrance of XS you will notice two lines, one for general admission and the other for guestlist and table service. Dress code is strictly enforced but since it was a Sunday night, when they host their pool parties, guys and girls were dressed a little more casually or in swim suits.. . The inside of XS is gorgeous and there is nothing but truth in the 1400 reviews that say so. There are tons of tables and booths, but of course you need to buy bottle service to sit in them or make friends with people who do ;) The outside is beyond beautiful - cabanas, daybeds, and tables scattered around the pool. There is also a gaming area with tons of tables. . . Since it was my birthday we got bottle service and were seated at an table right by the pool - so perfect, we were in the middle of everything!  If you come in a big group and are willing to put down some money and split bottle service, I highly recommend it. Special thanks to Rodrigo and Caroline for taking care of us! . . We happened to come on the last Sunday night pool party of the summer so we knew we were in for a good night! DJ Alesso was spinning that night and the music was so awesome - Top 40 mashed up with house. If your feet are tired from dancing all night, take your shoes off and dance in the pool - so refreshing!. . Spending our last night in Vegas, at XS, was the highlight of the trip. Everything about our last night was perfect and I couldn't have asked for a better 24th birthday and first trip to Vegas. I can't wait to go back!
20 STARS!!!. I FEEL LIKE WRITING THIS ENTIRE REVIEW IN CAPS BECAUSE XS IS JUST THAT FREAKING AWESOME!!!!! ...But that would just be annoying, so I won't :). . I've been to XS on a Friday, Saturday & even a Sunday and each time has been nothing short of amazing. I love the layout of this club. Outside there's a huge pool that you can actually get in if you wear your swimsuit. There are several bars, daybeds and cabanas($$$). The music here is all house and even though I'm not a fan of house music, I never really notice whats playing because Im too busy having a blast.. . Im not sure how much the cover is because I've always gotten in for free--via table service or comp cards from the promoters! . . Highly recommend!
i have never had a bad time at this place...drinks are pretty much $18 for whatever you want...get the long beach iced tea, its basically pure alcohol with a splash of cranberry juice...best dj's, but don't go when a pop/hip-hop (ahem Will.I.Am) is dj'ing because all you will hear are BEP songs that nobody cares about anymore...but you'll only have to deal with it for an hr since he has no great songs then you can fist-pump all you want!
Hands down one of my favorite clubs I've been too. They have and outside section when you feel like just relaxing next to the pool. The dance floor is crazy and always packed. When you go to Vegas this is one of the main clubs that you need to go to.
hands down best nightclub i've ever been to.  Marquee has NOTHING on xs.  SORRY!. . I want to give you guys 13 stars out of 5 but it won't let me.
I booked a corporate event through Ryan Craig in August of 2011.  The event was a huge hit - our customers loved the location/venue, the service was fantastic and I can not thank Ryan enough for all of the assistance he provided to ensure that our party went off without a hitch.  He was kind enough to answer all of my emails, even the panic ones.  I highly recommend XS if you happen to be in Vegas and need a unique venue for an event.
I love love love XS!. Anyone who is going to Vegas for their first time needs to go to this club. I have only been to Vegas twice and though I have not been to a wide variety of clubs, I know what I like and agree with what everyone else has to say! Sad to say that they close off the pool area once fall hits and definitely hinders the experience. But since I came around spring break the cabanas were cracking and the pool was so pretty. I love how XS welcomes you to put your feet in and lounge around the pool. This was greatly appreciated after going to surrender last night, where they constantly yelled at you for even touching the water. . . XS blows every club out of the water and those who know anything about Vegas will come here. When the cabanas are not open, XS could definitely open up so more bars because it was super packed and hard to get drinks last time.
One of my absolute favorite club in Vegas!!!!! . I mean it & Not just because it was the club I got the most happily drunk in...lol!!....XS is definitely one of the best rated clubs in the world & also rumored to be the most expensively built club in the world. Our bachelorette group were speechless for a second when we first walked in and saw the whole layout--then drunken excitement screaming followed. haha! . . No booked table/bottle service? No problem! You'll still have a blast!. GUYS, there are lots of places to chill and check out girls (this was the club i've seen with the most amount of hot looking girls! & Stripper poles EVERYWHERE so you can imagine how much action you can watch lol!) also there's a casino in a gazebo like area by the pool when the tables are calling your name. . . GIRLS, no need to worry about your tired feet and getting pushed around like sardines. Lots of places to sit outside to rest your tired feet after dancing off the alcohol on the fun stripper poles & at the beautiful open main dance floor. Feel free to sit at the steps at the pool and dip your feet in. Trust me--it felt sooo good!! We had a table but we kept going back to the pool splashing our drunken feet around to the music. lol! . . Ok now for the main info:. . LOCATION: XS is located in the mall right between the Wynn & Encore. So just start heading to the other hotel's direction and you should be able to see it.. . COVER: $20-$50 but could be more depending on event. . *We were all ladies and we got prior arrangements to get in VIP so we got in for free. ADVICE: Try to contact a host esp. if it's going to be all ladies to get in for free. We got there at 11 & the line is super long!! We got in after 5min (thank God for being on the list)  So get there EARLY--10pm is the ideal time from what I was frequently advised! . Average WAIT TIME is 1-3 hours on Fri-Saturdays (General Admission) . Lucky hotel guests at Wynn & Encore can buy passes to skip the line at the concierge desk. So get there early!!. . ATTIRE: Guys, make sure to wear a collared shirt or a sports coat. Don't wear anything close to sportwear just to be safe! . . BEST NIGHTS TO GO: Monday, Friday & Saturday. Great music at all nights!. . DRINKS: Mixed Drinks Start at $15, Beers $8, Shots $8, and Table Service Bottles Begin at $475. Then again prices might change & vary. The good thing is, it's easy to get your drink on at XS as they have several bars open & easily accessible. You don't have to really try to "fight" your way through for a much needed drink.. . All in all I will rate this 5 stars!!! (i don't do that often for clubs, &i've been to a lot. lol!)  Can't wait to go back once I go on a trip to Sin City. =)
MY SECOND FAVORITE CLUB IN VEGAS (rain being #1). . two words: the poles.
Let me first say, my girlfriends and I don't go clubbing a whole lot but when we do, we're expecting to pay quite a bit for a good time.  The four of us girls went here as a part of a weekend getaway. Simply put, this was the best club yet...ESPECIALLY if you're a girl.. . Here's why:. . 1. We got in for free at like midnight even though it was a very crowded night with a line already.  The bouncer even walked us to the front, skipping the line. Mind you, we're horrible at planning and weren't even on the VIP list. SCORE! Cover's usually $20 for ladies and up to $50 for guys on a Saturday.. . 2. None of us spent a penny on alcohol because guys offered to buy, one after another.  I think the price is pretty reasonable even if you are buying: about $14 a drink or shot.. . 3. The crowd was nice and every guy that came up and talked to me was DECENT, definitely the most classy club I've been to.. . 4. They had a pool, and  have a pool party every Sunday.  It was fun dancing in it or just soaking your feet after wearing heels for hours.  The decorations were nice overall, meaning nice pictures.. . The only thing that bothered me was that it was hard to find and the music they were playing that night.  Maybe its just me, but Adele at a club? Seriously?!
A Sweet Review for a Sweet club.... . 1. It was my boy Kent D's birthday and he wanted to party like a Rock Star...indeed we did...twice over.  We got bottle service inside the club and in the middle of the madness which is the best way to rock it out at XS. . . 2. Before we got blitz and started fist pumping, we tipped the 300 lb bouncer so he can keep an eye on us and our table. Luckily we did because some guy tried to help himself to one of our Goose and the bouncer put a smack down on his A$$. . . 3. There was plenty of talent and a few bums. Get rid of the bums (thanks 300lb bouncer) and keep the talent.. . What happened in Vegas was on a few cameras... need to find and delete...
I STILL LOVE YOU!  Even on a Sunday night this place makes my fat jiggle.  Best club in the veGAS.. . . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__2ABJjxzNo
I LOVE THIS CLUB...and I don't even like clubbing that much!  But in Vegas, go big or go home, right?!  :). . My girlfriend and I were heading over to XS after Tao to meet some friends.  First off, I love the entrance to Encore...it seems very royal to me.  But I immediately saw the huge, long line of people waiting to get in and I was a little frustrated.  The door guy came over to us and asked if we were on the list and of course we weren't.  We just said that we didn't realize there was one and that we were meeting a group inside.  He let us in and we paid the $20 cover each.  It was nice to by-pass the long line as I'm sure some of those people were waiting forever.. . I didn't realize that XS wrapped around the pool and this was amazing to me!  There was TONS of space to spread out and I loved seeing girls take off their heels and just be casual, wading around the pool.  My friends had a pool-bed with bottle service, which was great too since our group was fairly large.  . . Inside the "club" was a little too much for me as it was PACKED.  I bumped into people repeatedly and even got elbowed in the boob, but oh well.  haha.  Still a really fun night and I'd go back here in a second!
XS is one of my favorite club in Vagas! It is the place to be, but make sure you come early because the line is already long starting at 9pm.. . Best club. Best dance floor. Best good looking people. Best strip pole. Best house music. . Hands down to the best time of my life at this club. Until we meet again...
This is the best time in vegas ever. This club is the best.. Good music. good dJ ( we have Steve Aoki) He the crazy dJ . beautiful people. all the dancer a cute.. Best club
okay despite bouncers being shady with my homegirl's drivers license back in January, this is my all time favorite club in Las Vegas (forget Marquee, that place is terrible no matter who the dj is). . If you're staying at Encore, be sure to just get tickets in advance through concierge. You won't have to wait in the ridiculously long line. Encore guests w/ tickets just walk in through the re-entry line. Quick, easy, painless.. . This past weekend during deadmau5 though, we couldn't leave and come back in. Bouncers told us "it wasn't guaranteed that you'll get back in even though you're a guest here because we've reached capacity". I JUST NEEDED TO USE THE BATHROOM! The line for the female restroom was fucking RIDICULOUS. and I must reiterate, FUCKING RIDICULOUS.  I waited FORTY MINUTES IN LINE TO GO PEE. . That is some UTI status. Why the hell do chicks take so damn long to use the restroom!?!? POP YOUR SQUAT, PULL YO PANTIES DOWN, DO YOUR BUSINESS, WIPE, WASH YOUR HANDS, BOUNCE! . If re-entry to the club was guaranteed, I would've left and went  back upstairs to my room, peed, had more drinks and came back in. I bet it wouldn't have taken 40 minutes like the bathroom line!. Ladies were slipping the bathroom attendant twenty dollar bills to cut the line. That is just FUCKING RIDICULOUS.. . otherwise, I still love this place.
XS is the reason I can never be content going to any other clubs. Beautiful venue, gorgeous people, and the DJ keeps you dancing all night long.... even if you're wearing uncomfortable 4 inch stripper heels... and i've never had to pay cover to get in. :) Chicks, avoid holidays and long weekends if you are not willing to front a cover charge here.. . I love the pool and cabana area... it feels so good dipping your bare feet in the pool after a long night of dancing. . . I always know I'll have a good time when I step into XS... a few months back, a guy started making it rain right where my girlfriends and I were dancing... that's a bit XSive if you ask me!
This place is gorgeous. They had decent music, nice bartenders and plenty of seating. I went for a private party, so I didnt have to deal with it being cramped or meeting weird people. The pool area is beautiful! As far as ambiance, this is my favorite LV club!
This place is freakin' BEAUTIFUL. My first club I went to right when I turned 21. I think all the clubs in L.A. can't measure up to the clubs in Vegas. The pool and cabana areas are sooo beautiful here. It literally feels like I'm in a movie where the celebrities are having a bomb time at some beautiful resort off on some island. HAHA I watch too many movies =P The lounging area is nice and at night, it is really beautiful with the dimmed lights. . . The dance floor is a bit crowded. I hear it's poppin' both Friday and Saturday nights. But most people go on Saturdays. I went on Friday night because Kaskade was playing at Marquee on Saturday. I could NOT miss him. :O). . Either get here early or get a table 'cause it's hard to get in with a group of guys. Gotta even up the ratio or grab some girls in line ;). . I definitely recommend this club to anyone who's gonna be partying it up in VEGAS woooooohoo babyyyy
There really isn't a reason to review this place, but I will anyways.  It's simply the best club in Vegas.  Just make sure you have a good ratio, you buy a bottle, or give a host a nice handshake.
XS = beautiful. . . I really do believe that it's one the most aesthetically pleasing clubs I've ever been in (and I've clubbed in LA, Korea, China, Singapore, Taiwan so far). It's so big, has an outdoor area (that I've only discovered this past weekend), and is just straight up bumpin` on Friday nights. . . The music is really good here. DJs can definitely read the crowd, and there are lot of big names that come to DJ/perform here. When I was here in January, Bobby Brackins had a performance of his one-hit-wonder (143 I love you). It was pretty fun :]. . However, since it is so popular, it gets really crowded and it's easy to lose your friends, so always have a fully-charged phone and unlimited text plan. I know that girls can usually get in free, so if you and your friends have a plan to get in through a promoter, stick to it! Don't be like me and get stranded, have to pay cover, and just be miserable :[ . . Overall, it's a very fun place. Pregame beforehand (even if you're a girl cuz those free drink tickets can only get you so far..). I just got back and I already wanna go back again!!
Maybe I'm biased because XS was THE defining clubbing experience for my first vegas trip. So good that we decided to come back again within the same trip. . . -The place is huge. . -dancing in the pool. Awesome. . - free entry for girls AND two free drinks? Doubly Awesome. -steve aoki the second night, showering us (LITERALLY) with 5 bottles of Dom Perignon? An unforgettable night with great friends, great music, and drinks. I dont think I can ask for more.
Its an amazing venue with really top notch accommodations.  You want inside and you want outside they got both.  Place is a bit more on the pricy side but with this place you need to check it out at least once.
Best and most beautiful place on the strip. Table service is a must if your a group of guys. Last time we were here we screwed up and didn't realize was a pool party cause usually go here in thewinter.  Had a table right on the pool and us idiots are all in jeans and button downs. Its ok a few shots in shirts off and straight into the pool in our boxers. . The bartenders are awesome and make sure your having a good time. We went here about a year ago also and got a really bad table off to the side after 2 bottles we told our girl listen we need a new table. She got us hooked up right on the floor and we rewarded her with a 5 grand bill plus gratuity.. This is a must stop anytime you go to vegas, beautiful place inside and out although I will never gamble here ever again I bleed green at the black jack tables here.
My first time at XS - oh em gee, so drunk. Ooh a pool! *dance dance dance*. . My second time at XS -  oh crap, there's a line. I'm so drunk - did I pay to get in? oh em gee, I feel asleep on a random lady on the round couches. She has soft shoulders. *dance dance dance*. . My third time at XS - wtf, there is a really long line! wtf, we have to pay $20 cover? wtf, why is the entrance now at the back of the club, forcing me to walk through the cold outdoors in my 5 inch heels? ooh now i'm in. now i'm drunk. *dance dance dance untz untz untz*
One of the craziest nights I've had in Vegas was at XS. This place is literally crazy...& I love it! First of all, it's always nice to get in for free, with free drink vouchers (thank you Salazar). Second of all, probably the nicest outdoor area in Vegas!? I went when it was too cold, but have you seen the pool right outside? Gorgeous. . . great atmosphere, great DJs, great club ;) . one more reason to love vegas (as if I needed one...)
My favorite club in Vegas. It is definitely the most crackin'. Perfect amount of space. The music is great. They play hip hop for the first few hours and then electro/house whatever afterwards. . . Unlike Surrender, you can actually stand in the shallow parts of the pool where the pool beds are. AND, you can lay on the pool beds and just chill.. . I always have a good time here. Be sure to come early and get stamped or else you'll be waiting in line for days.
Oh XS, I have such fond memories that will never be forgotten. . A part of me will always be there, literally and I'll explain why later.. . My friends and I were in Vegas for 5 days, and I know everyday is a party there but we only really wanted to go clubbing once, so we decided to go to XS. I hear from many people that its usually bumpin here and Marquee. . . My wonderful friend Shige O. and his friend Mike, got me and my girlfriends to avoid the long lines and into the wonderful atmosphere.. . Drinks are mega expensive, I was warned beforehand by my boyfriend but when you're happy, then it doesn't matter what price you pay to be happier. . . From what I remember, it was Beautiful inside. Really crowded though! Majority of the night we were outside by the pool. There were maybe one - four people sitting on a float in the pool but its pretty much winter so that was the most you'll find in the pool. I'm surprised I didn't fall in by the end of the night but I think my phone did. . . Like I said earlier, the atmosphere was wonderful. We ran into two bachelor parties. They were all nice. They didn't believe that we were from Hawaii and that was another amusing conversation in itself. . . Overall I had such a great time that I lost my half of my phone and my ring there (I trust that my friends didn't let me marry a random stranger and gave my ring away) So there it is, what happens in Vegas sure does stay in Vegas!. . I'd recommend people to party here if they're visiting Vegas. Its hard to be back at home and clubbing after going to a club like that!
This is my all time favorite club in Vegas!!! This place is breath taking! I always make sure that I come here every time! Love it love it love it!!!
By far my favorite place to party when I'm out in Vegas. Good size club, it's a half indoor half outdoor club. Outdoor has the pool which by day time it's a day club. There is also a bar in the center of the pool where you can also play poker or black jack. There is VIP cabana's everywhere, out by the pool or upstairs. Indoor there's a good size dance floor, and lots of tables. Good amount of bars, so it's not impossible or takes long to get drinks.
Decadence & debauchery abound at this local hotspot! . . If you're looking to celebrate and get your party on, i highly recommend this club.. . Located inside Steve Wynn's Encore Hotel and Resort, the club was buzzing with party goers crammed in a line that appeared to have no end!. . To forgo the line, we opted for bottle service with Goose and it was worth every penny!  If you're a dude, plan on paying bottle or slipping the usher a few $$$, that's just how they roll in Vegas.  When in Rome, folks!. . With that said, there was still a bit of a frustrating wait inside the club for our table.  Once we got past all that BS, we did indeed land a great table...with a POLE! . . The girls got right up there as soon as we arrived and the party was officially on! The club was huge but oddly enough it was shoulder to shoulder on the dance floor and pretty much everywhere else!  This place was packed, but truth be told, who wants to go to anempty club anyways?! . . A great mix of Top 40 music was blasting with a heavy bass from the large speakers throughout and the club opened out to a beautiful pool area where folks were partying it up outside, as well. . . From there, drinks were up and the evening slowly became a distant blur.. Ok, I recall more than that, but am i actually gonna tell ya? . . Heck no!. . What happens in Vegas, right?. . Happy Times
You know this is probably one of the best clubs in Las Vegas when it has 4.5 stars and over 1400 reviews. half a star over Marquee definitely tells you its something better. . . Cons: Bouncers were douches. . . Pros: Bartenders know how to make drinks. You can walk outside gamble and get free drinks. great music. They even played the angry bird song theme song and made it flow. . . Hot girls on sunday night. . . The club is so beautiful. There's a pool. I love partying until the 4 am.
After reading a few reviews its funny how many complain about the club being crowded and expensive.  Who wants to go to a half-empty club? Then go to a effin lounge who let's Tom, Dick, and Harry in alongwith their grandmothers and aunt.  . . Anyhow, if you spend $96 million on a club it better be top-notch and it is.  If you partying in a $96 million club, it isn't going to be cheap and you wont find dollar drinks.  So if you are a baller on a budget stick to lounges with no lines. . . The gold you see is real 24k gold, but good luck trying to steal it. Bouncers are abundant but overall, they are better than other clubs.  The cocktail waitress are super model HOT, but that's all about you're gonna get unless you got a Blackcard.  Any VIP table inside the club has decent view of dancefloor and traffic flow is great to fish for hotties walking by.  Tables outside arent optimal for tailchasing and are cheaper than inside of course.  However, if you get a daybed by the pool it is romantic spot for your date or fling for the night.  Great makeout spot or to have a pre-qualifier conversation.. . Getting inside isnt too difficult if you have a table.  If you are paying cover, then expect to wait at least an hour.  It's a $96 million dollar club, DUH! . . What I particularly like about it is traffic flow is good, getting in and out of club is good, decor is excellent, and it's just bright enough to get a good look at people even if you have your beer googles on.  . . Only thing is their sound system could be improved.  You dont feel the crisp bass.  Sometimes there is an ordor from the bathroom areas.  They need to keep air-spraying scents into the ventilation.  . . Deadmau5 is resident 2012 and rumor has it Tiesto too. . . Im a regular here since day one. So if you need further advice LMK.
one word: wow. even getting 86'd from here, still the best club ive ever been to. . cant wait to see what my credit card bill looks like. prolly in the thousands. good thing i left a trail of destruction on my way out. ill be back, next year.
FREE entrance for guys and girls on Tuesdays (guestlist) and two free drink tickets up to a $20 value!
My favorite club in Vegas hands down!. . I love love this club. I make sure to come here every time when I am in Vegas with my friends. It is a go to place in Vegas especially for girls. I love that they have a lot of different places to dance and lounge around and not overly populated everywhere and like a sardine can like most clubs in Vegas. The best part about XS is the pool. Also, XS is the prettiest nightclub I have been to. . . Cover charges can range anywhere for guys from 50-to over 100...If you just walk in and you are a girl its usually about 20, but it helps to get connections in Vegas. My girlfriends and I never pay. The line here is pretty crazy, but it moves pretty fast and they usually let you cut if you are just with a group of girls. . . Bouncers here for the most part are douche bags but they don't really care since everyone wants to go to XS. XS and Marquee are probably the go to clubs in Vegas right now. Make sure you come early or get bottle service!
XS is da SH*T... Hands down... dancing drunk in the swimming pool, and that stripper pole is legend.. I LOVE IT
Favorite club in Vegas. It is so beautiful, you can really tell how much money was put into making this club. . I love that there are places to sit and that there's a nice outside area in case you get too hot. . It's always been different each time I've gone. Last new years the lines were crazy. This year there was basically no lines to get in. Only thing I hated was that they closed the main dance floor because it got too crowded. And the security isn't as nice as the ones at Tao are (ones at Tao let pretty girls into the vip tables). . . BEST part was jumping on the square platforms in the water! Oh and they have the hottest DJs playing music (this year: Steve Angello, Afrojack, R3hab, Deadmau5).
Incredible Lineup for New Years Weekend.  First Afrojack then setting up DeadMau5 to wrap it up.  The mayor then declared January  2nd DeadMau5 day!!! Where else does that happen???  DeadMau5 also celebrated his birthday here that day. Overall another excellent experience in Vegas at XS. . . Great Vegas Club. Lots of room to dance, people that work here are better than some of the other clubs are far as service and attitude go. Bouncers let me get into VIP with one of my guy friends with no hassle.  Stamped us so we could come back whenever.  Met a lot of fun people and danced it up with space! Great experience overall always.  Better than Marquee IMO.
My favorite club in Vegas. XS is an older club but still one of the best hot spots in Vegas.. . The decor of the place is really nice it has a really cool modern / asainy theme to it. The best part is that on a hot summer day its gorgeous because the majority of the club is outside and you can see the stars and just enjoy the nice weather.. . Pretty people. Hot go go dancers. I'm a girl and when I saw these dancers, I was like Dayuumm! Mmm music was okay... a tad too much techno/electronica/dance etc...even tho that's the new hip thing.. . The only complaint might be that the dance floor is small and it's hard to dance when there's an endless line of people filing past you trying to cut through from the entrance to the pool area. Dear Dude who touched my behind...not cool.
Officially my favorite nightclub in vegas...SO incredibly spacious, always headlining awesome EDM DJs ...lots of outdoor SEATING and walking around space...a pool to dance in!! No really..you're allowed to dance in it (well, no one's stopped me the pass few times). . . The only downside is the dance floor is super small...but luckily that's where the spacious outdoors come into play...because you can enjoy the music from every spot. The sound system is great.. . Table service is great too..they have private cabanas if you don't wanna be invaded by drunk passer-bys. . . I also like how you can just chill and walk around (barefoot if you like) on the comfy red carpet of the Wynn OR the Encore after a long night of dancing and just enjoy the gorgeous scenery/lighting of the two hotels.
XS I LOVE YOU! I spent nearly 100 dollars on a measly 5 drinks, gave the bartender an excessively happy tip, and got barked at by the bouncers, but I had a wonderful time here. . . It's everything Marquee is not. Easy entrance for a group of girls, popular yet not crazily so, and spacious enough for us to dance and take a breather, all while taking in the scenery and skankiness around us. I loved that the bathrooms were so OPEN.   Definitely an up-scale crowd who knows to have fun. And kudos - no puke on the floor!!!!!. . PS: I'm getting tired of alllll the house though. I can only fist pump for so long.
Yes.  Everything about it is awesome.  The lights, the DJ's, the way its big, but intimate... if that makes sense.  Its open, no weird halls, or bulky bars like TAO.  Its a big open air room with everyone facing the DJ who is the nucleus of any good club.  The dance floor is far enough away from everything so you aren't smashed against people dancing.. . Dress to impress, bring a good attitude, and go with bottle service.  . . Mondays are the best IMO.  Filled, but not packed.
Came here the first night of our Las Vegas trip (on a Monday). It was a little quiet at first, but definitely got better as the night went on. My boyfriend and I were a little confused, because you don't enter through the giant XS sign, but through the pool area? We couldn't find the coat check, so I spent the whole night holding onto my jacket. But, the music was pretty good, but I'm not a huge house music fan, and the space is very nice. . . It is definitely way better than any of the clubs I've been to in NYC. Everyone is super dressed up and everything just seems classier. . . Definitely hit up a promoter though. My boyfriend and I were able to get in for free while we saw other people paying at least $20.
Call me old school, but this is one of my favorite spots in Sin City. Fromt he first time I went, I loved the set-up, the music and everything about it. Yes, it's Vegas and it's hard not to have a good time but I've been to most clubs on the strip and this is still by far my favorite. You can dance and the dance floor is huge, you can dance on the side lines and there are no annoying bouncers to push you out of the way every 10 seconds. You can hang out outside and just chill. The people are usually cool, but in recent years I've seen a decline in the quality of the crowd. Either way, if you have your own friends you'll be fine so don't worry about everyone else.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this club! It's been my favorite since it first opened up in Encore. I'm told the owner or designer of this club is from Miami so they based the decor off of Miami clubs. And if this is what Miami clubs are like I definitely want to go party there! It's a more open club because the dance floor opens up into the pool area. And not a tiny little balcony like Tryst, but you can walk around the pool and sit outside to get some air or a smoke. That was always my one complaint about clubs is how hot they get and how they need more ventilation especially when it gets PACKED. Everyone just gets super sweaty and that's no fun. it's definitely a classy place and an awesome club. . . I've been told by friends that in the spring/summer times (the season I don't go because Vegas is too hot for me), is when they have "pool party club nights" at XS. I don't really get how that works, you go clubbing in your bikini then? Or you just hang around the pool? Not sure how that works but kinda cool they're mixing it up. . . Like any other club in Vegas, go early or you'll be waiting a long line. Unless you have bottling service of course. Or a group of all girls always helps a bit.
XS has really changed since the last time I've been here, and that was only a year ago.  One huge change they made is the DJ stage they put up.  The dance floor used to have access to outside, but they put the stage there so you have to walk around the sides to get outside.  Another change they made is booking these big name DJ's to put on stage.  I also noticed the set-up for the line for XS has changed.  . . So, I came here over the weekend for a friend's birthday, and we got bottle service for 12 people.  A little disappointed at the location and size of our table.  Our table could only seat 5 people, and the table was outside, so we couldn't see the DJ perform from our table.  You'd think we'd get a better table for spending a few racks.  Maybe it's because we reserved out table only a week ahead, probably should have done that a month before.  Other than that I had a great time; I was feeling myself.. . SebastianIngrosso was spinning that night, and I have to say he tore it up.  The DJ stage is definitely an upgrade.  Actually feels like the dance floor is bigger.  I must have spent the first 2-3 hours at the table drinking because by the time I got out to the dance floor, I was on. And once I got to the dance floor I didn't leave.  The music was so on point.  It had me fist pumping and jumping for another 2-3 hours straight.  I didn't even mention the lights.  It was like an upscale mini rave in that piece.  Only qualm about the music was it was electronic all night.  I would have liked a little hip hop to bump and grind with the ladies.. . I would give XS 4 stars, but here's where they earned a bonus star.  The first time I had bottle service at XS was a couple years ago, and one of the people in our group was over and passed out at our table.  Security then proceeded to kick that person out of the club.  This week was completely different.  We had not one but TWO people that were completely faded and passed out at the table AND it was before midnight.  Security didn't approach to us once!  In fact, we took it upon ourselves to get them out of the club.
Awesome! I was here a few years ago and it was just as fun.  It's a large open space with a huge dance floor and the people there were awesome.
I actually went to this club a while back.. To tell the truth I recently signed up just because i was dying to review this night club!. XS! This is THE night club that all the other clubs in the country want to be.. XS has a huge dance floor, the pool (!!!!), seats everywhere good looking ppl everywhere, awesome awesome lightings and music.. Man.., please tell me how I could ever make a successful night club like XS??? . Love the fact everyone there is so happy.. . I don't think I need to sat too much to describe how gorgeous this night club is as everyone seems to know this is THE hottest club u always want to be at.. . Big thanks to my friend who took us here and let us have the greatest time.. Thanks to all the staff who let us get drunk and made us feel like we r always welcomed!. . We r going back.. Soon. Maybe tonight u never know! lol
THIS is where you want to spend your birthday! I came here with a group of friends expecting to have a good time, but ended up having a GREAT time! Haha!. . I actually liked this place a lot better than Marquee. The music was a hell of a lot better. Moving around on the dance floor was easy and I can tell you we had the most fun dancing in the very front near the DJ. There's just less people elbowing you or accidental booty bumps! Make sure you move along and not stand around when you're not on the dance floor. The bouncers will tell you to keep moving.. . Drinks are expensive of course, but that's why you have friends who know promoters with free drink cards. Make sure you still tip the bartender though. I easily got my drink from the bar outside.. . The highlight of my night was bumping into Wong Fu Productions, David Choi, and a bunch of other YouTube stars on the dance floor!!!! I couldn't help but running up to Philip Wang and hugging him like a crazed fan! They said they were here for their friend's birthday as well. Despite my calloused feet, it was an amazing night!
XS.... XTRA SEXY - Definitely the night of the trip where you want to look your snazziest. Everyone is dressed to impress!. XTRA SOPHISTICATED - The club is gorgeous, huge dance floor inside and outside, big chandelier-ish looking thing that only sober people would notice.. XTRA SORE (?) EARS - Lots and lots of house music. PREPARE THY FISTS FOR EPIC FIST PUMPAGE.... XTRA SPECIAL - MY FAVE NIGHTCLUB IN VEGAS! Hands down.. . Okay that was corny as hell but basically.... . I've been here for bottle service and non-bottle service shenanigans, and both times were hella fun. The bottle service is very efficient but a tad expensive. but bleh it's nothing less than what you'd expect for bottle service in Vegas. The lady was super attentive, and I don't know why but do they always have to put pens and credit cards in their cleavage?? We got upgraded for free to a larger table right next to the dance floor so that was pretty dope. Some table also made it rain the last time I was there, and we ended up copping enough dollars to get a free cab ride home for me and my girls. whaaat it dooo.. . Whenever my friends and I do Vegas, we MUST hit up XS. It's pretty much the established rule... don't act like you don't know!
I've had my share of XS & it still is list of "definite clubs to go to" prior to ANY Vegas trip. I absolutely LOVE XS! :D . . I've gone through a front entrance & a back entrance during the times I've been here. If anything, go to the front entrance. I'm not really sure what the back entrance is all about. I only ended up there because the limo dropped us off closer to that entrance...which kinda messed us up later when we were going inside.. . This club is sooo GORGEOUS! :) It's definitely one of the clubs where you wear your "best outfit." Dress to impress! As you walk in & reach the top of the stairs, your eyes get bigger at such a pretty sight (unless you're already super drunk, then you see the blurred 'XS' sign shining at you, haha!). . . Music NEVER fails me here! Definitely keeps me on the dance floor..unless my heels have gotten the best of me, haha! ;P. . Winter time. They close off the outside :( But the club is still really good! It's still spacious enough. Dance floor gets crowded, but that's a good thing (for the most part).. . Summer time. It's fair game! Haha. LOVE LOVE LOVE the outside area of XS. It's hugeee. & people are just having a great time...everywhere! The daybeds & pool are a GREAT PLUS. If XS is a definite must in the winter time, it's an ABSOLUTE/DEFINITE MUST in the summer time!! . . XS, I'll definitely see you next time that I'm in town ;)
Got in free through a friend's contact-  VIP entrance came with no line waiting and 4 free drink vouchers- drinks were delicious. Spent only $3 the whole night and had a blast, so I have to give XS 5 stars.  Beautiful interior, lighting, great DJ. Clean and spacious bathrooms! Young and well dressed crowd. There are also places to sit if you get tired, without bouncers shooing you away. Best part was the FREE water!!!!- something they should  give out in every club when ppl get dehydrated easily from alcohol and dancing. Only gripe is that for such a big club, the dance floor is too small, which means it gets very crowded. Would love to return during a summer night!
I have been to XS at least a dozen times and each experience has been totally awesome. I remember the first time I walked in I was blown away by how stunningly beautiful the decor is - the inside is rich with gold sculptures and huge chandeliers and the outside pool area is like a magical playground for classed-up adults. . . Lots of room for dancing and I love how much of the club is outside. You can easily cool off if you are sweating too much on the dance floor, or even slip out of your high heels and dip your feet in the pool. Grassy garden areas are great for chilling out and taking a break from the madness. Bars inside, outside and in the center of the pool allow for easy access to your RedBull and vodka and tequila shots. . . GREAT DJS! Tiesto is a resident here and I have seen Calvin Harris and Avicci here as well. So fun!!! Great music! You will be dancing until your high heels make your feet bleed!. . PLEASE GET HERE EARLY! The line gets insane sometimes, and you might have to wait even if you are a girl / guest list. Of course getting a table always helps but it's not cheap, especially when major DJs are spinning or it's a holiday weekend.  The line sucks - trust me, you would rather be inside getting your grove on. I know, I know, it's hard to get anywhere before 11 pm in Vegas but try your best so you aren't stuck outside the club for what can literally be hours (especially if you are a guy or with a guy or not as pushy with the bouncers as my friends and I are). . . Also, as you might expect, drinks are ridiculously priced so try to get nice and buzzed before you get here!. . A guy I was dating took me here for the first time on one of our first dates and I had such a good time that I ended up dating him for the next 2.5 years - ha!
Juicy Club with Dj Tiesto and Paris Hilton!!!!. . Love this club, they have great trance music. Place is big outdoors and have a beautiful scenery. . . Last time we went we saw Paris Hilton and Dj Tiesto was spinning. . . The tables here are bigger and have more room to move, especially if you're outdoors. . . While you're waiting for the club, the slots at Wynn or Encore are really fun too!! =)
Best club in Vegas in my opinion. No stairs like Marquee! Open area w. lots of seating with a pool to dip your feet in or swim in if you are up for it! Lines get long so unless you know someone or have bottle service, get there early.
XS is high-up on my list of favorite clubs.. . I catch myself comparing any club with a pool, a fountain, or a waterfall to XS. Mainly because no one did decor better than they did. As far as decor, design, and beauty, XS takes the cake! . . ENTRANCE: As a local girl who goes out several times a week, ease of getting in is quite important. Usually, I'll go on a Sunday or Monday, their industry night. Walk-in is pretty quick and the list I'm on gets me 2 drink tickets. God knows a Crown & 7 tastes so much better when its free. . . NO GL ON WEEKENDS: XS doesn't need a guestlist on the weekends. They have a cult following of partiers. If my friends don't buy a table or my other friends who work here don't walk me in--I won't be found at XS on a Friday or Saturday. As a local, fighting lines is not my style. And weekends are pure madness here. MADNESS. On occasion, they'll close the pool area, and the main club inside gets too crowded for comfort.. . MUSIC: XS took a page out of Surrender's book. I'm guessing the music directors had a meeting and decided to start sharing headliners contracts? Afrojack, Aoki, Wolfgang, Skrillex, Dada Life, the list goes on! If you're new to the EDM scene and jumped on the bandwagon in the past year, the XS line-up of artists will be right up your alley. HOUSE HOUSE HOUSE.. . SERVICE: Bartenders are quick and get your drink right the first time. I haven't had any issues with credit cards charges here. If you're thinking tables, in my experience, the girls have been quite attentive.. . XS is doing it right!. . Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
If you wanna party with the beautiful people this is the place to be!. . This club was pretty amazing besides the rude stuck up guy at the podium when we picked up our tickets earlier in the day. Kind of put a bad taste in my mouth but i am not going to judge the club soley on his bad attitude. . . We purchased presale tickets which i highly recommend to anyone who wants gauranteed entry to the club. This place gets packed quick! We arrived to the club around 1015pm and literally walked right in because we had presale tickets so that was awesome. It was a really beautiful club inside and out. drink prices seemed normal about 13.00 a drink. . . We were very lucky to have a friend end up buying a cabana so we had our own private space which gave us a good view of the crowd down below. By the time Calvin Harris came on at about 130am the dance floor was packed. Packed enough to where they would not let anyone on the dance floor pretty much for the rest of the night, so that was kind of a bummer. But besides those two things had a really great time here i thought it was a great venue.. . i definitely will be back again!
This place is insane.  I went there this past weekend to see Calvin Harris spin and he did not dissapoint.  I would definitely reccommend bottle service otherwise it isa total cluster f%$k.  You're looking at 500.00 a bottle, but if you're going to go you may as well go big.  Got in at 11:00 and the place was already hopping.  Good looking crowd and opulent decor.  Left at 4:30 and the place was still going off like it was 1:00 a.m.
Ahhh, XS. No other nightclub is more beautiful and divine to visit on a cool, Saturday night. If you're looking for good music, spectacular views, and a great crowd, then this is the place to be. . . I've been here quite a few times already, and I gotta say, this place has always been the highlight of my Vegas trips. Not only is the decor and layout of the club amazing, but the entire vibe of the place just screams a good night. Get here early if you're looking to party here, because on crowded weekends, the line can stretch really far down the hotel. My friends and I bought pre-sale tickets to see Calvin Harris this past weekend, so we didn't have to wait in line. . . XS is a place where the ladies get dolled up to their finest and the gentlemen break out their dress shoes and freshly ironed dress shirts. The club boasts a pretty good-looking crowd and people are generally nice here. Watch out after 12AM because that's when people start getting uhhh..super friendly. But that's to be expected when there are 5 bars in all different corners of the nightclub. . . Music is just the best here. Calvin Harris was amazing and definitely made my night better. There's nothing like kicking off your heels, dipping your feet into the pool and dancing in the water along with other party people to some good EDM. Most of the night was a bit of a blur, although I vaguely recall my klutzy side coming out as the night got later. Note: If a guy asks you to dance, NEVER EVER challenge him to do the running man first, and then attempt to do better than him after he fails. You will trip and fall flat on your face, resulting in epic failure and bruised knees and egos. Le sigh. It's okay, I was forgiven though. . . Drinks are quite strong here, so at least they are worth their price. If I recall correctly, an average priced drink would be around $14-16. . . XS has been my first choice to party whenever I'm in Vegas and it remains so till this day. Bring your lovely lady friends, your man friends, and your cell phone to drunk text your best buddies from the club, while dancing underneath a clear night sky.
My friends and I visited XS on a saturday night with bought presale tickets to see Calvin Harris! We are experienced club goers so we know the routine and try to make it as easy as possible.. . We picked up our tickets earlier that day which by the way the only bad experience I had was from the guy handing out the tickets. Seemed like he had a stick up his butt! But other than that we got our tickets just fine. He told us to be there at 9:30 ppsshh!. We arrived at 10:30 and walked right in.. . If you do not have presale tickets though I did notice around the corner the normal line was long.. . Once inside the lights and decor grabbed our attention. it set the mood perfectly. We went straight to the bar for some drinks. average prices; I was expecting more because it was Encore but it wasn't bad.. . The music was awesome! If you Like EDM they were rocking it starting at the beginning of the night. We were lucky to have one of our friends buy a table so we had our own space. . . Later on in the night Calvin Harris came on and we tried to get on the main dance floor. It was packed, they weren't allowing anyone in on the floor. If you want to dance when the main act comes on try to be on the floor prior.. . ended up leaving around 2:30- 3ish. Had an awesome time. Just make sure to get presale tix and you should b fine.
I don't know how he did it, but somehow my buddy got us ("us" was 5 chicks in short skirts though, so that maaayyy have had SOMETHING to do with it... ) in here without waiting in line OR paying cover AND there was a major artist (Tiesto. Winning.) in that night. Nicely done, I appreciate, especially since one of my rules in Vegas is never to pay cover ;). . As soon as we got in there, we were greeted by sweet decor that I have come to expect in Vegas. Drinks were expensive, but hell, if you're expecting one thing in Sin City, it's that. I only had to buy one round, so whatever. For all their expense, the drinks were decent I suppose, nothing really to write home about though.. . But here's the kicker and why I actually decided to give a nightclub 5 stars (I usually don't, I am not the biggest fan of these hotpools of pretentiousness): they have little walls.. . Let me explain.. . See, us girls don't mind dressing up for y'all. I would even go so far as to say we enjoy having people stare at us (within reason, of course. yeah old man by the slots in Encore, I'm talking to you, but I digress...). But damn son, those shoes HURT after about 3 hours of walking around showing off hours of gym commitment. Hence my eternal thanks for XS' little walls where I can sit and relax without shelling out huge amounts of scrilla I do not possess for a table. Thank you for a good time and for your baby partitions XS, I wish more clubs would follow suit.
We went to XS in July while in Vegas for a bachelorette party. Since we were on the list, we walked right in. The inside was pretty packed so we spent most of our time outside. We really liked how you can gamble, put your feet in the pool, sit and chat, or dance inside. So many different areas. This club is for everyone & it's definitely my new favorite! Of course it didn't hurt that we found guys to buy us drinks all night :)
Disclaimer: This review is written under the pretense that the reader understands the price you pay if you want to party it up on the Las Vegas strip! This venue is for the young adult that indulges in electro house music! Since these guys are also on vacation, they should also understand that drinks will be expensive! With that said.... . This is the best decorated nightclub in Vegas and it also has some of the prettiest ladies, and recently, Steve Wynn made sure to book the best house dj's in the world to this venue (2012 resident lineup includes Calvin Harris, deadmau5, David Guetta, Tiesto - to name a few). The club looks like Tryst when you enter but is definitely larger and instead of the waterfall of Tryst, XS has a huge outdoor pool with casino tables. . . Some of my friends that despise cramped nightclubs will venture into this place because the pool area is very wide open and there is alot of room to move around and it is not as dark and packed. This makes it easier for them to pick up chicks. . . As a Las Vegas local, the best time to hit this venue is on a Sunday night in the summer because they open up the pool and allow club patrons to wear swim attire and jump in!
Holy shit, I had the most amazing time EVER at XS. My friend knows a promoter there who got four us (all girls) in for free around 1 am on a Saturday night when Calvin Harris was DJing. First of all, let me just say that EDM is not my thing at all, but Calvin Harris was AH-MAZ-ING. The theatrics and sound were soooooo good -- it was like being at a full-fledged rave. I had a blast dancing, and there wasn't a single creep to be found on the packed floor. My girlfriends and I met so many attractive guys and had a blast. We didn't leave until around 5 am, and even then the place was still packed.. . Only negative experience was going to the bar and asking for water, only to be charged $16 for two bottles of Fiji. When I explained to the bartender that my friend and I just wanted tap water, she snootily told us to go to the water fountain. Uh... what? Luckily the guy standing next to me at the bar stepped in and bought the water for us :). . BY FAR the best clubbing experience I've ever had. I'm totally making a beeline for XS next time I come to Vegas.
Love love love XS. This place is great. I love the fact that I can kick my heels off and dance in the pool. They had a great variety of music so ur bound to hear something u like. The vibe is great. Beautiful people everywhere u look. Only thing is of course, drinks are pricey. Get urself crunk before hitting this spot and u be good to go!
XS IS JUST DAMN SEXY!. . I was in Vegas for my birthday a few weeks ago and rather than plead with bouncers/promoters/St. Peter at the door, the guys in my group decided to just skip the line and pay full price at the concierge - we figured since we were guests at the Wynn, we'd get a little break.... . . OUCH!! . . $65 per person! For those of us in the lower 99% of America, that's a trip to Disneyland, a quarter-tank of gas for the Hummer, and more than twice the money I could've saved had I switched to Geico (true story). It didn't take long for me to realize that the name above the door was really supposed to say: X$************* . . . The Good news:. . After we each took out small loans to pay our cover charge we went back up to the room so that the girls could put on war-paint and the guys could pre-game. We headed down to XS around 10 p.m. and there was already a line forming at the door. Luckily for us, there was absolutely no one in the prepaid line! in less than 5 minutes, our hands were stamped and we were walking right in through the "XS" letters at the front. No line, no hassle, no "hand$hakes" with the bouncers, and no wait. 10 minutes later, the girls in our group joined us and we all together before walking in.. . . . XS was simply amazing. It was just like I had imagined it. The people were hot, the music was sick. There were lasers. The venue was spacious! Not once did I feel like I was on a rail-car to Mumbai. The DJ for the night was none other than Robbie Rivera - absolutely killed at XS that night - playing the kind of music that won't let you leave the dance floor. Based on the music and the venue, you won't find a better club than XS. . . . Since Yelp is about "Real People... Real Reviews", I'll keep it short: . . This is the GREATEST AND BEST NIGHTCLUB... IN THE WORLD. . Don't believe me? Ask Tiesto*. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJoh45cr17c
Easily my favorite club in Vegas.. . The lighting is nice and the decor is sick. The walkways inside is basically acircle that can loop you all the way around the outdoor pool. Sick dance floor with the DJ booth way out of the way. . . Nothing beats cutting the line and not paying cover ;D. Good times out here for sure.. . For the longest time, I didn't know "xs" was short for "excess" until one my friends pointed it out. I just couldn't put two and two together. I guess I can blame it on the alcohol.
after been to vegas numerous times i can't believe i finally made it out to xs! what took me so long?! no clue.. oh wait, it's bc whenever i want to come here the people i'm with want to go elsewhere.. hmph.. anyway, we got here and didn't have to wait in line long at all.. the guy pulled us out of line and whisked us in with no cover.. yay for being a group of girls in red.. i checked out tryst the night before so i had an idea of what to expect..i walked into this place and fell in love! made the rounds to check the place out and took the mandatory pics outside by the pool (too bad it was too cold for me to dance in the pool.. next time though!)..ran into the new friends i made the night before and they had another table in the middle and GSP (MMA UFC guy) was a the next table over!  the music was good (alesso on a fri) and had a great time.. i'd def come back here again and again and again!
One of the top clubs in vegas...definitely. A group of us bought a table and were treated with tremendous service, of course all the waitresses and bus boys were gorgeous. . Our table was placed by the bar and I started to worry about my things being taken but low and behold our host Amber showed me a drawer beneath our booth to put our things in which is an extra star just for that. Amber was wonderful and made sure our drinks were always filled. . The music was fantastic mixed with top 40/ old stuff here and there and the  sound system was great which is very important to me. The dance floor wasn't too crowded and security was around the dance floor to make sure no one goes crazy. . . Lovely service, lovely people and awesome club. . . P.S. make sure to tell your bank you are going out of state before purchasing a table, my credit card did not go through and I have a good limit on it.
I went to Xs two days in a row this past weekend to celebrate my 23rd birthday. My ladies and I had a blast. We went Saturday night, around 10 and my girlfriend who knows the host got us right in no wait. The club was cracking to the max, great music, the men from all around the world were dancing and looking good!. . Xs has great looking people, girls on poles,and the drinkies never stop flowing. . . My ladies and I were invited to a table with bottle service so we excepted, 7 bottles, and all the men were funny and from London! . . The. Best experience is when you are in VIP, have a drink in your hand and you can see the crowd and feel the music flowing through your body. That's all I felt before it went black.. . I find out the next day, I lost my purse, with my I'd and my camera somewhere in the midst of my drunkenness . I thought I lost it, and the club didn't answer phones until 2 pm. So I call and they have my bag! I was so happy, they had security bring it to me, everyone was so nice, and professional here at encore and the Wynn.. . Ladies, don't let ur fiance have a bachelor party here, unless you never wanna find out he made out with some California girl.. , TRUST ME. . . This is the city of sin, and oh hell we did sin.. I just hope the universe forgives me for the things I did in Vegas! It's a place you can be anyone you want and every walk of life's here! This is a great club, I'd recommend it to every  women. . . Famous people we saw, da brat, jermaine dupri, and Ryan sheckler.IN VEGAS, MAKE XS A  DEFINATE STOP, AMAZING EVERYIME.
Hands down my favorite club in vegas, even though I hate it sometimes haha. The club is beautifully decorated and has a good amount of space (not during winter though since they close off the pool area and you can barely move anywhere). . . XS is more cracking on a Saturday night. Sometimes they will have headliners playing like Thomas Gold and Porter Robinson if you are into edm. They do play hip hop, but only in the first few hours. The dance floor is ridic especially when it gets super crowded. Can barely dance and there are always people walking through.. . Getting drinks at the bar is a hassle and sometimes a long wait. Good thing I have my boyfriend to get drinks for me. :p. . The outdoor area would have to be my favorite. There are beds and pool beds you can chill and lay on. You can also get cabanas, not sure on the pricing. Unlike Surrender, you can stand or dance in the shallow areas of the pool. There is a gambling area in the middle of the pool. Usually black jack and craps. For some reason, every time I gamble at a club I lose. :'(. . I definitely recommend getting bottle service to avoid the crowd. Plus you get your own area to dance in and there are stripper poles as well. ;)
My other favorite Vegas club! The decor and design of the interior is so lush, elegant, and posh.. . The music was so on point. It started with house and some Top 40, but by the end of the night, I found myself rapping along to the likes of both Biggie and Tupac. I didn't catch what DJ it was but whoever it was, kudos to you sir. . . Our promotor hooked it up too. Get in contact with the right people, and you don't have to pay for anything. Skip the line, get free drinks.
XS marks the spot!!!!!!! This has got to be my favorite night club in Las Vegas. I think the first time I ever walked in here my jaw dropped. There's so much space, the interior is beautifully designed, and the outside pool area that's surrounded by cabanas and a gambling section....come on it doesn't get any better than this. I've always had a great time every time I've been here....got in without any problems and free of charge. Except for Halloween weekend my girls and I had to pay $20 cuz obviously it was Halloween and Deadmau5 was spinning. Good music, good vibes, overall good night all around!
On point. Plain and simple. One of if not the best club I have been too. Lil John was DJ-ing on a random Monday night.. . The Bouncers/ guys working the door are actually going to treat you like a human being, and as a regular (albeit well-dress and at least average looking) dude I got in without bringing a trove of 19 year old sorority girls.. . I would not recommend rolling in as a large group of guys, but at some clubs the doormen are just assholes about that kind of thing. The crew working the lines at XS understand that the line/wait situation is part of your night and it is their job not to fuck that up if they can avoid it.. . The women inside on a random Monday night were also, quite on point. Maybe L.A. has desensitized me, but I didn't find anyone to be stuck up or feeling themselves a little too much - which happens all the time in clubs.. . I did get kicked up the pole a few times, but my performance was probably just a little too intimidating :D. . Good times will be had by all.
I really appreciate this club. The open air and the good crowd, and the awesome bartenders. Much much better than Marquee. Plus, you can stay at The Trump or Palazzo and walk here!. . If you guys have a horrible girl-guy ratio, then buy tickets online for everyone. You get to skip the lines and everyone gets in because they pay already. Definitely worth it (went with 5 guys 2 girls). And we skipped the line. Weird.
SUNDAY NIGHT SWIM... . xS is good any night, but me and the team make it a point to come out to xS and finish out the weekend BIG every time we visit Vegas. . . Nothing beats the outdoor enviroment on a warm summer night, best time to go is actually June or early July before the it gets too humid. But the venue itself is so classy and beautiful.. . They always feature well known DJs, and be prepared to drop some cash. Girls usually get a pass but if you're going with the boys its either a long ass line for general admission or major cash for bottles. If you go during a holiday or special event weekend, don't be surprised if tables minimums are $1500-$2000+ . . And yes demand is that high for it!. . Great music, great crowd, and a luxurious venue..if you haven't partied at xS make it manadatory on your next trip!
Thank god it's Friday night.... . Went here for a Friday night escapade. Rocked a cabana and was taken care of by this lovely young lady who was so gracious with the booze.. . XS is sexy! I can't think of anyplace else here I could like more than XS! Large dance floor, wide open outdoor/open air area to chill and cool down after getting your boogie on.. . Like any other Vegas nightclub, XS drinks are pricey. I can't complain about dropping $11 on a craft cocktail at Tavern Law when a bloody Redbull-Vodka (Sky Vodka at that) is like $15 dollars... Yeah, it's Vegas. . . The vibe is sexy, make sure you come correct when you step into here... No baggy tshirts and tennis shoes. Gotta look like you belong here. It's all about image. . . The DJ was a resident but his cuts were choice and the dancing was on point. Overall... The fun was in excessive... But hey, that's the best kinda fun right?. . 5 electric-booty-loo stars out of 5
Can I give this spot endless stars for being hands down the best club in all of Vegas. I've been here every time I've been to Vegas and obviously got in here free and quick since I only make sure to bring girls here which is perfect for me and my friends. Even though the wait can be a little long, it is totally worth the wait. Thanks to the guys that invite us to VIP, you know we make your table crackin. Anyways, music is always on point and love that Afrojack performs there all the time. As for the club itself it is so gorgeous and has a beautiful pool area in the back with a gambling area. Always an epic time when I come party here.
Fourth time at XS - STRIPPER POLES. . . Also - get the name of a promoter. Eric Colton has some legit ones on their website; got to skip the line, no cover & 2 free drinks!. . Also x2 - TONS of bathrooms! yayyy no lines!. . *dancedancedance untzuntzuntz...twirltwirltwirl ;)*
This place wins best club in the country for a reason! Giant club, indoor and outdoor options, great music, multiple bars with good service, probably the most spacious VIP areas inside and out, very aesthetically pleasing, striper poles for those who like to get crazy, outdoor gambling by the outdoor pool--how cool is that! This is a club for all types. I will continuously come back! One of my favorite places to party:)
Best club ever. . It's big, it's bright, it's sexy. . Dress to impress. . Bring some money to spend. . Favor more than Marquee, Tryst, or Surrender!. Bring LOTS of money to spend (I'm talking to you boys). Girls, buy fast flats to fold into your purse. TRUST ME it's worth it after a whole night of dancing in stilettos. . Guys get there early! No later than 9:30pm. Girls, find a promoter to get in free. And look hot.. You can dance in the pool!. . Most importantly: GET DRUNK AND HAVE FUN! All of my crazy vegas stories happens at XS, meeting someone random or dancing on the stripper pole. You're guaranteed to have fun at this club. I've been here like what, 8 times? 9 trips total to Vegas so far. And XS is my fav :)
Came here friday night and saw morgan paige. even won 195 bucks playing black jack while my friends were ordering drinks at the pool side bar. then came back here to see r3hab on a sunday night and it was even more amazing! i will be back in may for a bachelor party and we will be popping bottles so I know for damn sure im going to have an awesome time here!
I am not usually one who likes clubs, period. Especially those that just play house music.  But something about XS was different.  . . We arrived at 1:00am after a few other bachelorette festivities.  We had a friend who knew a dj there who was able to let us get through the line with no cover.  That easily saved us an hour.  I'd recommend getting there as early as possible.  . . DJ Tommy Trash was amazing.  I have never been on a dance floor like that in my life.  So amazing.  The fun I was having made the pain from my heels seem non-existent.  . . The patio area near the tables was our favorite place to hang out.  Next time I go to Vegas and am looking for a club, I am definitely coming back.
XS is the true definition of nightlife. I've been here 2 times, one in October of 2011, and one in January of 2012 & had the time of my life. The staff is gorgeous (and super friendly), the music is top notch (saw Sebastian Ingrosso & Tiesto), the ambiance is breathtaking, and the mood sweeps you off your feet. . . Bottle service here is an experience itself. Felt like I was Paris Hilton as we had our own personal security, magnum sized bottles of Veuve Clicquot, assortment of strawberries & chocolates, & our servers dancing around the table with sparklers drawing attention left & right. I forget our main server's name but she was awesome - checking on us every 15 minutes or so making sure our glasses were filled & drinks were flowing. . . Highly recommend getting here as early as possible if you're not doing bottle service, lines get long. Other than that, be prepared for a night of pure bliss.
Finally on my 4th Vegas trip, I finally got to visit the ever elusive XS. Other trips had been impeded by drunk friends who didn't use the right promoter's name and didn't like to listen to the bouncers, exacerbated by a particular friend who likes to take on a fake British accent with a predilection for flicking people off...but I digress. Bottom line: it was worth the wait.. . Steve Aoki was..magical. Waiting in the ridiculous line went by fast waiting videos of him rocking out. Just built up the anticipation. The memory of him rafting on the inflatable raft was...surreal. Confetti everywhere. My friends just as star struck by him as a musician and performer joked about how they would treasure the confetti stuck to the bottom of their heels (jokingly, I think). I dubbed him Asian Jesus and screamed it to anyone in earshot. His music are gospels I'd definitely follow because he converted me to house music (his anyways). Just looked him up on Wikipedia. He majored in Women's Study and Sociology. I don't know if he can get any cooler. Spied Guy Fieri right when we went in. He was funny and we got to take a picture with him.. . Anyways, enough gushing. The DJ opening was alright. The music was mainly house, but it was enjoyable. The lines, although really oddly organized because there are Guestlist and General Admission grouped together, went by fast. It's misleadingly short because there is a whole chuck that wraps inside. Had a friend who had a group for table reservations (a shorter and separate line) but they let the guys in but made the girls go in the longer line. Whackiest thing I ever heard. Anyways. Lesson: Boys, get a table. Girls, get a promoter. Get there early but if you see a line, don't get discouraged. Especially if Steve Aoki is playing, which I heard he does on Mondays quite frequently.. . From the free voucher (girls you get drink vouchers for guestlist-supposed to be 2, but I only got one, sad face). My drink, Tokyo Iced Tea was weak, but hey, it was free. Joined a separate group at table. Love being at tables because there is SO much space to dance. On the sofa, counter area, or table area. Dance floor- pretty crowded, but pretty manageable. Pretty diverse crowd and none too creepy. I tried a new trick of saying I was in a committed relationship with my girlfriend dance partner and I was the jealous type. Got boys to hug and claim they were in a relationship, too, but just too shy to dance together. Friendly and funny crowd. Everyone is just enjoying the music! :)
I love this place! There's a perfect amount of space both inside and outside. The overall design is really nice. There's some gambling tables outside, cabanas, and a pool where you can dip your feet and dance around in! (:. . We came on a Friday night and although the DJ was some random, it was still crackin and the music was really good! Haha. Will definitely make this a regular stop during my future visits!
I love love love XS. We got a table for 5 inside. . XS has got everything I could ask for - great outside area, smoking allowed, poles, large enough dance floor, great music, semi-personal bouncers, and good looking guys.. XS wins over TAO any day. Let's just say it was a perfect ending to my Vegas trip.. . Note for the girls. Bring flip-flops or flats unless you want to walk back half drunk and barefoot like me. The 4am walk back home from Encore to The Palazzo is agonizing when you're drunk. Why not take the taxi? Because the queue was a mile long.
I have been here twice and each time was a wonderful time. This is the best for house music! The dance floor is a bit small and if you don't have bottle service there are no extra seats anywhere unless you are by the stripper pole.
Holy crap, XS totally made my Vegas experience an awesome one! I was here this past Sunday, and it was my first trip to Vegas after turning 21. My friends and I weren't even going to go because we heard they were going to play trance music, and we were thinking about going to Lavo instead to hear hip-hop, but at the last minute we decided to go here. . . We barely made it on time for the guest list arriving exactly at 1am. However, luckily there was no line, and the hostess was very nice and let us in, and even gave all the ladies free drink cards. Guys have to pay though, like 20 or 30 bucks.. . Right when my friends and I walked in, our jaws dropped! I've never been to a club like this, it was very big, and so pretty, flashy lights, gogo dancers; you definitely have to experience it for yourself. . . They also had Manufactured Superstars djing and they were dressed as astronauts. They played trance, and hip hop type music, but it was cool. I really enjoyed myself. The hype is real, this place is crackin!
Best club in Vegas!!  Doesn't mean it's the best every night, but on average you can't go wrong here. I don't think I've ever had a bad night here. The first time I came the bathroom attendant asked me if it was my first time. When I told him it was, he told me it wouldn't be the last. Boy was he right. Great place. Amazing girls every night. The bouncers aren't total dbags like many of the other clubs in town (Marquee comes to mind.). I've never been kicked out and I've surely done some stuff that could have got me tossed at other places. Be sure to check it out when in Vegas. You won't be disappointed!
In Vegas, there are some things you need to experience. This is one of them. By far and away this is the most elaborate nightclub in all of Vegas. I have been to Vegas 47 times and can't wait for my 48th time around memorial day weekend where I will be celebrating my birthday. . . As you read all the other yelps, I will have to say everyone is pretty much right on, but why would I write my own because some people use YELP to get down to the bottom line. . . Here is the bottom line:. . - Gals: you have it made and get all the breaks. . - Guys: Prepare to get your balls busted with a higher than normal cover charge. Is it worth it...yes!. . I recall a friend saying, I can't believe I just paid $50 to come to a club and then five minutes later he said, damn I feel like the ugliest person in here (he wasn't) but there is a lot of good looking people. . . The music goes in spans of time which feels like 30 minute sets of different genres (house, trance, hip hop, etc.). . Drinks are usually strong. I suggest trying the LA Water because it is like a grateful dead but different. If you haven't tried either....enjoy just not too many they get you drunk. . . I will leave somethings for you to discover, but feel free to message me if you want to know more. Like I said, I can't wait until my next trip.. . Enjoy!
In my dream world, I would have this awesomely hot wife who wore heels in the kitchen.    I'd have to complain about things like too much sex and she'd make it up to me by cooking extravagant French foods and fancy cakes (she'd also be yelp elite).. . I'd also have identical twin boys who I would name Tiberius and Maximus.  The only difference between them would be that 1 would be left handed while the other right.   And both of them would be star Water Polo players and be respective right and left wing.. . In my dream world, there would also be enormous clubs that never got packed despite having huge amounts of people.  Girls would dance in the pool in their clubbing attire and playfully splash water at each other in slowwwww moooootion.. . But alas,  I'm unmarried and I have no twin boys.  However, I do know of a gigantic club where drunk girls dance in the pool.  . . "But Eric... what about the slow motion you were talking about"? . Don't worry, that's found at the bottom of tequila shots.. . . . 1 out of 3 isn't bad right?
This is the 2nd best club I've ever been to.  What an amazing place to have fun, enjoy your vacation, and live like a rockstar.  I love the outdoor pool area, great place to spark conversation or chat with buddies about the next big move in your life that will land you a house out in vegas!  The day party was uber epic as Kaskade made a late afternoon appearance and blew us all away.  The nightclub was epic and once again, chilling by the pool, there's nothing better.
If you've ever read "The Sandman" by Neil Gaiman, you will understand when I say that XS is like the Dreaming: an ever changing world that morphs and coalesces by drawing upon your deepest fantasies and fears into the shape of your choosing.   Similarly, if you've got the money, the drive and the will to make things happen, you can essentially have anything you want at this nightclub.  . . In the span of 6 hours, I experienced significant amounts of pain, pleasure, lust, love, hate, glee, annoyance, bemusement, laughter, concern and ultimately an abiding hope in the future.  And in that regard, I suppose that when you take the entire litany of human emotions I experienced condensed into such a short time span, the $30,000 bill doesn't seem too steep...  especially since my share (scraped together from the spoils of my indentured servitude and a hot streak at the craps table) was heavily subsidized by my friends.
Best club in Las Vegas!!!
Highlight of my last trip to Vegas, even with a 90 minute wait. Yeah, 90 minutes.. that part was pretty weak. They kept letting people with a 51%+ F:M ratio in, leaving our group of 2:3 in line (my ex tried to flaunt her stuff to no avail). But enough of that, this place was AWESOME. A great DJ, awesome crowd and (for Vegas) cheap, strong drinks. I have a special admiration for anyone who can dish out drinks as fast as the XS bartenders. . . A++ would get drunk here again
If you want to experience the very best of Vegas nightlife, two clubs stand alone at the top of the game, the first being Marquee, and the second being XS.. . No club on the strip has done more to rebrand itself with the changing face of music and nightlife in Vegas than XS.  From massive renovations to the front of the house to clean up the lines, to the huge investments made in lighting and sound, all capped off by easily the most impressive lineup of house DJs on the strip - XS has been spending major cash to lock up some of the biggest names in the industry, and have spent even more to keep them, and the crowds, very happy.  . . The best part about XS is it's layout, which is highlighted by its massive dance floor. During a busy night, it can be a bit tough to make it onto the dance floor, but once you're there you're more comfortable than at any of the other big Vegas clubs.  XS also has a massive outdoor pool deck, with two additional bars and plenty of space to hang out, chat, or just listen to some great music.  . . As mentioned before, Jesse Waits and the whole XS crew have done some incredible work to keep XS at the forefront of the Vegas nightlife scene, mainly by bringing in the best of the best to DJ not only on Friday and Saturday nights, but also Sundays and Mondays as well.  There is no need to worry about who will be at XS on any given night, because the lineup is always stellar.  From Avicii to Dada Life, Deadmau5 to Sebastian Ingrosso, the best and brightest in the house game will be found at XS.. . The bad? Getting in sucks, period.  XS was the first club to begin the alarming trend of no guestlist (not even for girls).  If you're planning on going to XS and you're not buying a table, do yourself a favor and buy tickets presale on wantickets, you'll save tons of time and money in the process.  However, as a guy, even buying presale will be expensive, with ticket prices generally being the highest of any club on the strip (and expect to pay upwards of 200% more than your female friends for certain DJs). . . . Simply, XS is one of the two biggest and best clubs on the strip, but how much fun you have here might be best gauged by your musical preference.  If you love house music, XS will no doubt be your spot; if you're more of a trance fan, Marquee at Cosmo might be more your speed.
This is as good as it gets folks. One of the funnest and cleanest clubs you can ever go to. The bartenders are friendly, the bouncers are respectful and their set-up (both sound and lighting) is incredible. People you see are mostly classy - yea, you'll run into a few douchebags/skanks, but most people in general just seemed like wanting to have a good time in Vegas!. . The dancefloor gets hella packed but what do you expect? The best part? Just walk away and you can enjoy the outside pool area which is freaking massive and awesome.. . Unless you are on the Guestlist, or have a bottle service, I'd recommended buying tickets in advance. They have a separate entrance (not just line) to get inside so you don't have to deal with any BS line.. . Also, they only play EDM/House, barely any top 40/hip-hop unless the some DJ is playing the opening or closing set. The headliner is always mostly an international superstar!. . One last piece of advice - get there early!!
XS is always a blast. The service is always good and the crowd is always pumped. The music is always on point. This by far is thee club all my friends want to go to when they come into town. Minus the line and the wait, if you have in's its even better. Def a place to get your vacation kicking when in town. Now that summer is here im sure my friends that are coming are def going to want to hit there day and night now haha. Oh how the summer is going to be a long one haha. Def looking forward the the parties and guest DJ's coming.
I want to complain about one of my times here, I really do. . . I want to get into being treated like some tourist when I was meeting up with the financial advisers of a company in which I will withhold. . . I want to rag on the "hosts" and the "VIP hosts" and how poorly they treat people.. . I want you to know that it's not that easy to get bottle service here.. . I want you to know that you won't be treated like a KING or QUEEN unless you really are one.. . I want you to know that the drinks are obscenely priced.. . However.... . Get a bottle and table no matter what. . . Get a hosts attention and I don't mean look at him/her, get them to come over and grease that f*cker to get in.. . Once you get situated, make good with your bottle host. . . XS is the best club I have been to in the U.S.. . Best DJ's in the world come to play here.. . Your patience will be worth it. Just make sure you spread that money around a bit.. . Amazing time, every time.
So far, this is my favorite club in Vegas. A gorgeous design, especially the outdoor pool and cabana area. They even have casino tables outside. Reserving an area can get expensive but it's worth it. If it's not a very busy weekend it might not even be that bad. My group of 15 which was a mix of guys and girls, was able to get one of the tables outside with bottle service on a sat night for roughly $100 a person. . . I had a fabulous time drinking and dancing. My husband (who drank too much) had and I quote, the best nap of his life outside on the plush lawn chairs and under the stars. No matter how you decide to spend your time at XS, it is sure to be a night to remember!
Always a fun time. Last time I went, Avicii was there and I just remember thinking to myself I never, ever want to leave.
Real 5S. . My favorite club in Vegas. Even with a bunch of guys, just either buy tickets online or get their early and there's no problem.  The music is good...the layout is amazing and people are coo. I always have fun...somenights better than others but a great club better than the small multiple rooms of Marquee or Pure.  A must for Vegas...or anywhere.
This is probably my absolute favorite club in Vegas. Absolute gorgeous in its design, decor, music, and people. Far bigger and more spacious than Marquee and the pool is kinda brilliant.. . Can't wait to go back!
I'm not big into the club scene, but this place is awesome.  They hire some of the most AMAZING DJs from all over the world.  I saw Avicii at XS back in April, and it was such an awesome experience (kind of like an intimate concert).  The DJ who opened for him was also amazing (don't know her name but she looked like a young 20-something cute little thing).  Both played one hit after another.  I love that you can hang out on the patio and just catch your breath outside, and STILL be able to watch the show.. . My only complaint is that they definitely let WAY TOO MANY people into this joint.  I may even venture to say that they were over capacity at certain parts of the night, but the crowd somehow died out and once we got away from the dance floor, we had room to breathe.
XS... The echelon of Vegas nightlife.   Victor Drais has outdone himself.  We went here on Friday night to see Calvin Harris DJ.  . . The place is notoriously hard to get into on the weekends unless you have bottle service, you're on the guest list, or a Nevada local.  Big groups of dudes won't get in while ladies always have priority.   . . Listen carefully if you want to get in.  Line up at 1030pm.   You may get angry seeing all of these people parade ahead of you after waiting an hour, but do not despair.. Whatever you do...do not grease the guys in the suits unless you absolutely have to. They open up the line to general admission at 1145-1230.   . . Once you get inside, you'll be greeted by the sickest sculpture mankind has ever created.  The staircase features bodies wrapped in gold paint coming out of the walls.  . . When you enter the club, you'll see a large dance floor surrounded by VIP tables.   If you walk go the back, XS opens into a massive pool area with an island that has blackjack and craps tables.  . . What's nice about XS is that while it can get packed, there's always room to move. This place easily rages until 5AM.  Beware the 10 dollar bud lite's inside.  They cost 8 dollars in the pool area.   Also, the girls walking around with shots in test tubes are  a good deal (12 dollars for high end stuff). . . If you want to reach a whole new level of 'F.U.' in partying, XS will take you there.
Dear Mr. Wynn,. . Thank you for taking the opportunity to create one of the best club atmospheres I have ever experienced in my life. I was surrounded by gorgeous booty all night. Very spacious and relaxing. The center stage, the pool, the bars - all very thought out and classy, but not pretentious like Pure@Caesars. It was in the middle of Tiesto's new song called - Club Life in Vegas Volume 24 Track 9 Beat 7 Remix 99 - when I realized that this was the best night I have ever had in Vegas.. . Regards
This has to one of the VERY BEST night clubs that I have been to.  I went here and all I can say is "WOW".  I got tired after 3 groups of guys bought me drinks and I got trashed.  I did 2 lines of coke in the restroom and I was good to go :)  Drinks are expensive but again, I didn't have to pay for them even though I INSISTED that the guys didn't pay for my drinks but they did anyways...  Many Asians the night that I went but that's perfectly fine as they were so cute and absolutely gentlemen like.  Bartenders were very attentive and the outdoor theme was great, surreal... I love this club, great service and pleasurable clientele.  I got into the club VIP style by paying a bit extra but it was sooOOoo worth it. We were lead into the club by a "hook-up" and it was perfect.  Music was great, not much more to say about it besides that anyone going to Las Vegas should just go :) Mr. Wynn is probably a douche, but great job on the club :)
This may be the best club I've ever been to. I was in Vegas for 3 nights and I made it to XS all 3 nights and I'm damn proud of it! It is definitely a big place but for some reason I don't find it to be overwhelming. There is an inside area as well as an outside section, fully equipped with cabanas, pool parties, and more. It's nice if you want a change of scenery and you almost feel like you're going back and forth between two completely separate clubs.. . I love the outside "tables" or cabanas overlooking the pool. Great scene...you will see people decked to the nines in heels and dresses and others wearing bathing suits and strutting around barefoot. I got to see some great DJs like A-trak, Tiesto, and Steve Angello. I definitely plan on returning to XS.
Wowww ..This is by far the best nightclub I have been to. I have been there for the MDW when tiesto was performing. We were a group of 4 guys and were worried about the entry even though we had pre-sale tickets.  The bouncers and staff were super friendly to us and were inside the club in 15 minutes. Once I entered the club it was just awesome. The outside pool area , no word to describe. The drinks were little expensive , but who cares :-). The drinks were strong as well. The main dance floor was full by 10:30PM types. We got to know that Tiesto will be coming late around 1AM, but Pierce Fulton was playing good numbers with high energy. We danced till 5AM and left the club with full satisfaction. Looking forward to next Vegas trip and partying in XS.
I've traveled around the world and been to many hot spots such as the party city of Ibiza, Rome, Florence, etc but this is the best night club i've ever been to, hands down!! I had bottle service and most definitely recommend it as it helps you skip the crazy lines to get in and the personnel is friendly and helpful! If your a party animal, inside is packed and crazy. If you still want to have a good time but have more space to move and talk with your friends, then I recommend the outdoor pool area. We had a pool side VIP seating with an amazing view of the DJ of the night--Calvin Harris rocked!!!
It was in the middle May when I came here and Calvin Harris was in town. Not only was he spinning but Tiesto was a special guest as well (he was only mingling with other people). In addition to that, Dirk Nowitzki and Mark Cuban were also seen at XS. . . Coming to this nightclub was soooo much fun, especially since this was the first nightclub I have ever been to in my life....even if it means getting pushed by a drunk girl and finding out in the end that she was a tomboy and tried to check me out. D:. . In other words, it was definitely worth coming here. The drinks were so awesome and totally loved the layout. Beware of pushy, shoving, rude drunk people on the dance floor. lol!!!
By far the best night club in Vegas.  Just be sure to book tickets online in advance and show up early, the line can be nuts.
If you're a club rat and you're in Vegas, there's really no other place you need to go in Vegas. This is a grand place that is laid out beautifully with a central dance floor right beneath a giant chandelier. All the table services are lined up around the dance floor. You can have tables outside next to the pool. This place always has great music and crowd. If you're a guy, good luck getting in because it is harder than any other spot.
I wish my feet weren't killing me because I would have stayed here all night!. . On my recent trip to Vegas I had to go to XS since I didn't go last time. I searched high and low for a promoter or host to put my girls and I on a guestlist, but was kept on getting told that there is no guestlist for XS on Fri & Sat. Luckily i found a promoter for the Hard Rock that was able to walk us in at midnight. Shoutout to Michael you were awesome!. . We finally met up with him and he walked us in through some secret way. Finally after getting stamped 3 times we were in. It was just amazing. We went by the pool first to rest our feet. We walked around for a bit, but didn't make it to the dancefloor. It was crazy packed. . . We did order 1 round of drinks and the bartender made a pretty weak drink. If you have the money for a table do it!. . Can't wait to go back. Next time I will be prepared and bring flip flops in my purse.
Top 3 club in Vegas.  It's huge and I always have fun here!  I put down noise level as Very loud since it has good speakers
I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place! XS is easily one of my favorite clubs to visit when I'm in Las Vegas. The crowd doesn't seem too young, pretentious or rowdy. On any given weekend, there's a great mixed crowd and always fun people to meet. Occasionally, they'll offer a night time pool party, where you can get into the pool or hot tubs at night, super cool!. . There are two layouts: outside surrounding the pool and inside which is circular surrounding the DJ stage. XS is home to many famous DJ residences and you can always expect a busy night when they're open. . . A good tip I found out on my last visit while hanging out outside, the women's bathroom (along the side) can get pretty busy. However there is a bathroom upstairs, above the cabanas, that usually has less people.
ABSOLUTEY AMAZING!!!! I just went there this past friday night and I couldnt have had a better time!! My group got VIP enterence and Bottle Service, which was beyond great. The waitress' and bus biys were very attentive to everything and anything we wanted, and they especially nice about everything. It is a bit pricey, but what do you expect from one of the top clubs in Vegas?!?!
I have been to Vegas many times to a bunch of different clubs and XS is by FAR my favorite! . . If you go in with a promoter you get to cut the line. The atmosphere inside is great. I love the pool side area. . . It's always a party at XS!!! :)
This place was awesome!. . I went here on a Sunday night and I wasn't expecting much because it was a SUNDAY NIGHT but me and my friends had a blast! . . Atmosphere: Great! The vibe was nice, the people were nice, even the bathroom and bathroom services were nice! I enjoyed every single inch of this club! It was a Sunday and they had confetti!!! . . DJ: AMAZING! if only there were more DJ's like the guy who was spinning that night! I can't even put into words how awesome the guy was. He was able to play Wonder Wall, the original song, and still have everyone in the club hyped up to sing a long! I've never been to a club like that before, and it was a SUNDAY!. . Drinks: STRONG. The price wasn't that bad either for the amount of alcohol you're getting. I ordered a Long Island and I was expecting a strong alcoholic taste , but it was sweet so I didn't think it was strong enough so I drank 3 more... I'll just let you . know that the bar tender did a great job making the drink smooth but staying strong!. . I highly recommend XS! They place great music (unless you're highly hate house msuic), they have great service and the place is beautiful!
XS!This is the fucking place to be in Vegas!. . There are two parts of this club, interior and poolside.. . The inside is classy, chic, and beautiful. The outside, hugs the pool. It is spacious, there's plenty of room to dance, they are table games (for you gambling kind), and there is plenty of space. When your dogs start barking from your heels, you can take them off and dip them into the pool or hot tub. On Sundays, they do night swim, where you can actually fully emerge into the pool! It's the best!. . The music is EDM (electric dance music), Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Morgan Page, Dada Life, AfroJack are regularly spinning here.. . I find the people are overly friendly, probably because they're on something? Who knows. It's a great club, with an eclectic mix of people.. . One of the best in Vegas!
XS is still better than Marquee.  Best club in Vegas.. . DJs:  This summer alone there are so many amazing DJs lined up and I can't wait to see them all.  Avicii, Tiesto, Calvin Harris, Afrojack, Alesso, Steve Aoki... they can all be found at XS.  It is like EDC spread out over the entire summer.. . Venue:  Large enough to let you kinda spread out and get some air.  I like that the outdoor section allows you stroll around the pool while still watching the DJ on the big screen.  You even get to dip your feet in the pool.  I know we have all seen the fb pics since 2009 of girls posing and looking cute in the pool ... but watch out it becomes a hot mess around the pool.  There are guys in dress socks and slacks in there too.  There were two girls that straight up fell in.  Don't get too sloppy!  Keep it classy.  Dance floor gets pretty crowded but don't leave the indoor section if you don't want to get stuck outside when your favorite DJ comes one to play.  They barracade the entry so that it doesn'tget too crowded inside.. . Crowd:  At least 50% Asian.  Everyone looks pretty decent.  Better looking crowd than some other clubs.  Still feels like everybody is trying to impress people but I don't get that mad douche vibe that I got from the Marquee crowd.  Not sure how easy it will be to actually talk to someone on the dance floor, but try outside haha.  It seriously gets to be a clusterf*ck of people around midnight.. . Getting in:  For big events like Tiesto or Avicii it is the easiest to just buy the online presale tickets.  Mike from the Hard Rock Hotel can hook it up and walk your group but prices are variable.  With Mike guys will pay at most $100 but the regular XS line will cost you up to $200 at big events for guys if it is around 1am.  Hit him up or buy your tickets online.. . Calvin Harris:  I came to XS last Saturday to see Calvin Harris and boy was it jam packed.  I was one of the unfortunate people who had to watch from outside because we were getting too frustrated with the dance floor and all the pushing.  I haven't been shoved/spilled/stepped on that much in a long time.  I am still giving XS a 5 stars because of the quality of DJs and the overall venue.  . . I will be back this Saturday for Avicii!  Can't wait for it, especially since I missed him at EDC...
Location: XS, Las Vegas . Time: Saturday, after midnight. Guaranteed: a Great time!. . How to get in:. If you are a girl, getting in is a breeze! There were 2 full rooms of lines, I repeat, 2 rooms! I was in a group of girls. So after lining up for about 25 mins (still staying in the 2nd room), we were asked to step to the fast line meaning straight to the cashier and to the club! If you are in a mixed group or group of guys, have fun waiting in line. Maybe make some new friends while wait? . . Venue: It was huge but packed! I was like in a maze of humans and trying to find my way out to the pool. The indoor/outdoor thing is kind of cool. They even have some gaming tables to play. I was surprised the outside was not hot at all...I wonder how they keep it cool. The design theme is supposed to be a female body, so expect to navigate in a slightly curved space plan and see some nude sculptures hanging on the walls. Seating is plenty and bouncers are not obnoxious at all, they won't yell at you if you sit down at tables. But if it does happen, just go dip your feet in the pool. I saw many girls doing just that.. . Drinks: The bartender was a little bit slow but I was in my happy mood. As long as I got acknowledged that I would be served soon, I was fine. I had LA water and it was big and strong, compared to those served at other clubs. . . Dance floor: It is fairly large (my cab driver told me it's the largest one thus far in vegas?). Great visual on the big screens around the stage. Lighting pumps with the music and they use coffetti canon instead of the CO2 canon which I hate.. . Music: IT WAS AWESOME! Diplo was the headliner but he didn't start spinning until 1 or 1:30. The guy before him was kinda blah, but once Diplo started, I couldn't stop dancing! . . Crowd: I would say... there were a lot of men. I think the ratio was like 10 men to 1 woman. It was crazy. Thank God most of them were not obnoxious or fratty. Those I met were classy.. . Bonus tip: Apparently, if you are in a group of guys and would like some girls at your table, the bouncers would go out of their way to bring girls back. Pretty is not guaranteed though based on my observation.
I came here to watch Morgan Page and was surprised how awesome this venue is. I love how there is inside and outside seating. My BF purchased tickets through want tickets so we didn't have to deal with it at the door. We definitely check out which DJs are going to spin at which venue. The worse thing is to go to a club where the DJ sucks!
Best Club in Vegas! Superlove Encore :). . Music is fabulous, great crowd & super fun atmosphere!  . . Can't tell much, ya know what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas *wink wink*
Holy crap.  This place is crazy.  When I was 16, I went to Hong Kong, which is the worlds second most populated city after Mexico city.  There were people bumping into me every few feet there.  When I went to club XS, I felt like I was stuck in traffic on the freeway during peak rush hour.  At certain times, I could not even move anywhere since I was surrounded by people left and right.   I'm not talking about the dance floor, I"m talking about being outside.  Shoulder to shoulder, butt to front, I was stuck.  I couldn't even go in and out without taking the long way around.. . I don't know if its like that every saturday night, but this saturday was with Calvin Harris. He was amazing.  I'm usually a shy guy when it comes to dancing, but I couldn't help but get on my feet and bust a move when he was at the turn tables.  The music was great the entire night.. . The drinks were pretty pricey though.  I ordered an Adios and it was $16.  A cup of soda was around $5, as well as a water bottle.  My friends and I knew this coming in so we pre-gamed a bit before we went out here.  Its highly recommended. :). . The people here are pretty classy too.  They are put together pretty well and look great.  Its not like some sleezy local club.  What would you expect after shelling out nearly $75 just for a cover charge?  Very pretty girls and lots of good looking and interesting cats around.. . Anyhow, there were also tables to gamble by the pool outside.  The pool is a european bathing place by day and a place to literally stand and chill at night.  Some people were dancing in the pool the whole time since it was so crowded everywhere.. . It was an amazing experience.  Everything was definitely took a dent out of the pay check but you get what you pay for!
I was just about to lose faith in XS. The past couple times I've been here the crowd has been dead yet the club is still the same price. I paid $100 for a pre-sale ticket on New Years and there was no one there because they were charging like $200 at the door. They should totally lower the ticket prices if its late and there isn't anyone there.. . But I came recently for DaDa Life and even though I have no clue who they are...the place was crowded and had a good vibe. XS and marquee are definitely my go to clubs for Vegas.. . Tip to the wise....don't get too drunk and start gambling...you can quickly see your weekend spendings disappear in one night.
Best club in Vegas!!!! Loooove this place!. great parties happen here!. have out door area that you can put your feet in jaccuzi or pool... Great house DJs always plays here!. Deadmou5, Kaskade, tiesto.... etc etc .. It's just so much fun!
I LOVE XS. Where do I even begin?? My friends and I were initially going to go clubbing at Marquee the first night we got to Vegas, but when my friends and I arrived to join the rest of our group who got to Vegas earlier (and were supposedly in line for Marquee), we found out that our entire group got banned from clubbing in Marquee that night because one of our tipsy friends had been drinking in line (kind of funny when I think about it), even though we were staying at The Cosmopolitan for the duration of our trip. But no matter, we were determined to find ourselves some fun that night..and that we did at XS!. . THE WAITING LINE: When we were waiting in line for the club, the bouncer was very nice and patient, unlike the stereotypical mean and cocky bouncers I always hear about. He was even willing to hold up a conversation with us even though I'm pretty sure we were just talking nonsense at that point.. . MUSIC & PEOPLE: I loved the music selection from XS because they combined both top 40 stuff that EVERYONE knows how to sing along to and electronic music, which I enjoy very much! The dance floor was not super packed so we were able to dance and move freely. The people in XS were all super chill as well, which added to the experience.. . THE BAR: When my friends and I decided to get more drinks at the bar, the bartender was quick to take our orders and give me my yummy Midori Sour. And after our short bar break, we jumped back into the crowd to have more fun. We had so much fun dancing the night away that we didn't even realize when the dance floor started to clear. While the rest of my group sat down at the vacated tables to rest, two friends and I just continued dancing like we didn't have a care in the world.. . SERVICE: After we left the club, one of our friends realized that he had left his credit card at the bar. We ran back to the club and the employees were very understanding and let us back in. One of the bartenders asked our friend for his name to make sure he was the owner of the card before returning it to him, which was pretty considerate.. . To sum it up, great music, chill crowd, quick bar service, and friendly workers! Don't miss out on this club when you find yourself in Vegas!
I was here last thursday night - I was at a conference and they rented out the entire club, so I did not experience the usual crowd, just got to see the venue in a totally different way than most people usually would!. . The interior is gorgeous.  It is very similar to tryst in my opinion.  They replaced the red in tryst with gold in xs.  They both have water features, very similar dance floor layout.  Really just similar all around.. . I had a good time - definitely would like to go again sometime on a regular night.  The club was very spectacular and a lot of fun.
XS....  DEFINITLY THE COOLEST CLUB IN VEGAS.  im a huntingtion beach girl myself,  but when i go to vegas   OMG.....  XS was the place to be.   i loved the entrance,  blew me away,  the stairs were so sexy looking,  the decor was hot.   we loved the dj,  we danced all nite on that dance floor.   we started out at the marquee,  and not being from vegas,   didnt really know where else to go,   we were bored.      some nice guy said   GO TO XS!   we did.   we were TREATED SO GOOD BY THE STAFF,  THE BARTENDER.   THANK YOU SO MUCH!    the outside area was so neat,  with the water and all.   seen alot of clubs in california,  and abroad,   but let me say  XS WAS THE COOLEST CLUB IVE EVER SEEN ANYWHERE!    my trip to vegas started out bad,  went there to get my hair done,   big mistake!   BUT IT ENDED SO GREAT!   the only thing ill do different next time is    IM GONNA BRING ALL MY HOT GIRLFRIENDS FROM THE OC TO XS!  CAUSE XS ROCKS!     THANK YOU FOR A GOOD TIME         debi
This is by far the best club in Vegas, and probably the best club I have ever been to ever. I went here with a couple of friends on a Sunday night when Knife Party was playing. . . There's a club area with dancers, bottle service, bars, and a dance floor. But when you go outside, it gets even better. There's a really big pool with a central island bar with gambling tables. Also, there are reserved seating areas for bottle service, beer pong tables at the back, and a few hot tubs for your close interactions. . . If you bring your phone, be very weary. You can easily drop it or loose it in the midst of this crazy place. Drunk people in bathing suits having fun and listening to some of the best electronic artists of our age is probably a very minimal description of this fantastic place. . . We got into the club for $20, but that's because we booked tickets online in advance, probably 2-3 weeks before coming to Vegas. Trust me, for the money you spend getting in, it's a complete bargain. Also, if you are down to listen to artists like Deadmau5, Knife Party, Kaskade, Tiesto, and others, you are in for a treat. XS always brings out the best DJs, so you can expect a raging good time.. . You absolutely have to go here when you are in Vegas. PERIOD.
XS (Pronounced: Excess) certainly lives up to its name. And its reputation. There is a good reason people consider this to be the best nightclub in Vegas. Yes, it is expensive. Yes, cover can run you $50 and you're not going to find any decent liquor for less than $15-20. But does any of that matter once you realize you're in the most luxurious, beautiful, spacious club on the Strip and arguably one of the finest in the world? The crowd is attractive, the house DJ is great and the guest DJs legendary, the drinks stiff and delicious, and the staff is attentive and eager. The space is massive and the outside area is THE place to be on a hot summer evening. I realize that I'm largely just repeating what the 1500+ other reviewers have said but you owe it to yourself to make the trip to the Encore and experience why XS is beyond compare.
Wolfgang Gartner and Sunday Swim each had their highlights, but I have to say that Sunday Swim took the cake of going the f*8k off. The people in the pool, combined with the splashing to the beat and the music pumping was a pretty awesome visual experience. . . Honestly I wasn't so impressed with the interior of XS; it smelled like barf covered up with peachy disinfectant. Yuck!  The lay out was also nothing special.  . . What made XS is the indoor outdoor feature.  It is just stunning with the shimmering Wynn and Encore towers, and the beautiful pool and "garden" areas. Warm nights, beautiful sky, excellent sound system, etc. The gambling poolside was also such a nice touch.  . . Only I noticed on Sunday Swim the clientele wasnt up to par of Saturday.  I am paying out the wazoo at a 5 diamond resort to party; please keep the riff raff out of the club.... . Pretty cool club over all
Yes, XS lives up to the hype. So what makes XS so special? The crowd it attracts. My first night here was so good, we went again the next night. The people are beautiful, and there's a sense of class(at least in comparison to other clubs in Vegas). I'm not going to lie, the inside of this place has a gross lingering smell of puke. And the music is not everything you hear about and expect it to be. I was honestly a bit disappointed by the music, but the party itself made up for it. There's plenty of places to sit, outside and the pool is the best place to be. It's the Wynn so don't complain about your $8 mini waters and pricey drinks. And expect to pay cover unless its Sunday and you found yourself on the promoters list(they're very nice btw). The bouncers here were very nice and friendly. The decor is pretty nice. Id recommend you show up early to avoid the lines and find a good seat. The place pops like at 12:30-1pm. And ladies, leave after 2 cause the guys are sloppy wasted after about 1:45. Overall, the best club I've been to in Vegas and you just gotta check it out-its worth your time!
Fun
This is the best club by far in vegas!  Went here for a bachelorette party this past weekend with a group of 13 girls and we got in pretty quickly. However, we did have to pay $20 for each girl but it was worth seeing Calvin Harris live and from the pool!. We were dancing in the pool and it felt like we were getting a mini pedicure while dancing!
One of the best clubs in Vegas.. The venue is not only huge but it is beautiful! High ceiling, crystal chandeliers, big dancefloor, and oh the outdoor part is beautiful with a huge pool, and a cabana for VIP. It gets pretty crowded, and hard to move around the dance floor, so be prepared.  When i went on a thursday night, in which they play mostly house. . . Most of the time, it's a sausage fest, which i think why my group of ladies got in for free while men had to pay a $40 cover (yay for having a vagina).. . TIP:. Drink beforehand because drinks are exxxpenssiiveeee. They need to have a club with happy hour or something.
Found the guest list for you ladies!. Guest List here!. http://xslasvegas.com/html/guest_list.php. . For more dress code, line wait/cover, etc. info about XS. please read my previous review! Thanks and take a shot for me! lol! ;)
I swear i'm the biggest XS advocate of all time!. . BY FAR THEEEE BEST CLUB hands down.. Since its opening, XS is a must every time I am in Vegas. heck, I went both nights this past weekend and I didn't mind it one bit!. . GO GO GO GO GO!
Place is so beautiful. Im glad i came here before i died so i got a chance to see it!!. . EXCELLENT customer service
I have been too all the hot clubs in LV, but I must say this place is nice, spacious and open. It didnt feel crowded and didnt take forveer to get in either. The night went well. Drinks were moderately priced. A good combo of music, and decent go go dancers. It didnt feel stuffy, hot or smelly. Bathrooms were nice and private. Doors went all the way down and you truly had your own stall. I will be back for this place.
Totally lived up to the hype ! . This place has wicked good fun an did I mention is gorgeous ! . . We went on a Sunday night.. Manufactured SuperStars we on that night . the pool side was open, everyone was just  havin a great time lounging or dipping their feet in the jacuzzi or pool .. . . We bought our tickets online for $20 each . wasn't too bad ... At the door they were charging more. We got in pretty quickly only waited for about 10 mins an it was already 12am ... . . By the end of the night everyone was jumping into the pool with complete club attire on !!!! Everyone was wasted!!! People were throwing champagne in the air!  It felt like a night out of "The Hang Over" . . Best club I've ever been to in Vegas ^-^
I have to say, of all the times I've been to Vegas ... of all the clubs I've been to, and no matter how jazzed up Marquee or City Center properties are, Encore and XS is where it's at.. . True that when you're with dudes, its hard to get much of anything ... but when you go with 7 amazing ladies it's free flowing all night long! I love the size of XS, it's absolutely huge, and the pool area is fantastic. It's great to just romp around (yes in your best sexy dresses haha so try not to fall in!) the shallow end because it's such a different experience.. . The center bar is nice, it alleviates the crowds from the bars inside. They usually play house, or somebody is usually there performing something (dub step I think when we went?) that sounds awesome. I like the layout and although we did have some mischief and ended up losing some people ... in the end we found 'em!. . The people are nice, the bouncers are not mean as f and the admissions is actually reasonable unlike Haze who think you should pay $50 to get in. Who do you think you are? XS?! HA!.... . :) recommended.
XS is the business. First time to the club and did it right. Table service and sick hip hop/house music all night! Drinks kept coming and coming. Great experience. The ambiance was excellent! Heard XS n Marquee are the two hardest club to get a table, but we got hooked up! Pretty cool. Recommend this spot. Until next time XS.
XS NIGHTSWIM!!. . Lives up the hype, its the shit. perfect during summer. Its just like the day club but at night, everyone is swimming, having fun, enjoying the electro dance music. Its less crowded for sure and they kind of close off the dance floor. I guess its safety reason. Imagine a person trailing in water while people are trying to get their groove thang on in some heels.. I can see an accident ready to happen!
I've been here a lot, like every damn Vegas trip now, but this is the first time I went on a Sunday night, and gotta stay, BEST CLUBBING EXPERIENCE EVER lol, came to Vegas for a Bachelor party, and made sure we got table service for XS sunday night SWIM!, yup, not going to lie, clubbing, drinking all in the pool is so much more better than being crowded inside the club shoulder to shoulder haha. It's always fun meeting random people, hitting beach balls in the water, tossing girls in, pushing girls in their swan mobile haha. Good times, now if only they had a bar in the pool lol
5 Words: Best damn club in Vegas (neck & neck w/ Surrender.). . In the land of Vegas clubs, glitz and glam, XS is like a warm security blanket, that best friend who always has your back--loyal and consistently there, but never ceases to surprise and amaze you from time to time. . . The girls and I were in Vegas this past weekend. We went to XS on Friday night and had a blast as expected. Saturday, we decided to venture away from Wynn/Encore to (re)try Marquee and it was regrettably the worse decision of the weekend.. . Without detracting from this positive review of XS, I'll omit the grizzly details of Marquee that make me cringe & shake with disgust and irritation. . . All that needs to be known is that we came back to XS for the Sunday night swim and it was like an episode from a 90's teen sitcom where protagonist ditches bff to hang with the cool kids, only to realize that the cool kids were just a bunch of dbags.. . This was our first time going out on a Sunday in Vegas and we didn't know what to expect. After Saturday at the Marquee however, we figured it couldn't get much worse. . . Bit the bullet and showed up around 11, easy peasy entry bc a promoter had approached us earlier. Best decision ever. XS Night Swim was just as incredible as any of the other nights, if not more. We come from the land of Seattle where everything closes by 1:30am on weekends, and Sundays are desolate, cold and empty. Though we were not expecting crickets, we didn't think we would be blown away either. Sunday was amazing--the beauty, spaciousness, great staff and incredible atmosphere was still there, but add water and probably slightly less people, and everything about it was perfect. . . XS redeemed a trip that could have ended on a really sour and ugly note for us. True, the interior of the club smelled of puke at first, but I'm sure that it was the remnants of an equally awesome Saturday night :P We always spend 100% of our time in the outdoor portion anyway.. . In the end, I got back to the hotel at 6am, slept for 45 minutes, missed my shuttle to the airport, hopped a taxi, stumbled through airport security and the naked box, and proceeded to pass out on the plane until it landed in Seattle. . . Clearly an indication of an epic night!
1st time here...i'm a fan.  The layout seems better then Marquee. Maybe it wasn't as crowded Friday night with Morgan Page.  But the vibe was good...wasn't too hard to get drinks.  I think I definitely need to come back for a nightswim!  All I could think about how awesome it would be to do a pool party there!
I don't always club, but when I do, I prefer a cabana at XS.
OMG I love this place. Dare I say best club in Vegas? Sick dance floor, sick VIP area (those couches were so clutch), and even sicker disk jockeys. Oh yeah and hotties everywhere!
First, I want to start off by saying thanks to all my Yelp Las Vegas friends who recommended I go to XS.I went to XS on Sunday night. I arrived very early to avoid the long lines (Labor Day weekend 12'). Coming early to XS paid off big time. The line got really long very fast. XS is huge inside. The club is very modern and spacious. The club was packed to the max. The scenery was priceless. There's a pool with plenty of space to dance or you can just relax. David Guetta was the guest DJ. David Guetta had XS rocking out of control! The crowd was already hyped up as Michael Phelps came on stage. Words can't describe the atmosphere at XS Sunday night during the David Guetta set. I picked a good night to go to XS.There are plenty of bars and cabanas throughout the club. Most of the cabanas filled up fast. It's best to reserve a cabana early. There was plenty of eye candy (ladies) walking around the club.The staff was professional and friendly. If you are visiting Las Vegas, I highly recommend partying at Club XS. Note: The taxi line to leave after the club is very long. It's best to walk over to Wynn Hotel to catch a taxi a lot faster.
The best night club I've been to so far! The place is so beautiful, loved both the interior and exterior. . . Came here for my Cousin's bachelorette party with a group of 11 ladies. Since we were staying at the Wynn, we decide that it would be very convenient to come here our last night in Las Vegas. Best decision ever!!! . . We had a great time and by far XS was the top club in our list!!! Loved dancing both indoor and outdoor. The music and atmosphere were great.
This place is pretty damn nice!. . [+] sooo spacious!. [+] lights, lasers, mist machines, confetti, and LOTS OF BASS!. [+] AMAAAZING-looking pool. [+] there's a bar that is surrounded by the pool. [+] there's space for you to dance IN the pool too!. [+] everything is just nicely laid out. [+] the GA line has rooms w/ tvs and music playing to make it sliiiiiiightly more bareable or an even bigger tease.... [+] the pool area is behind the DJ and there's a screen that shows the DJ too. [+] there's certain nights where beach attire is okay AND PEOPLE CHILL IN 'EM!. . [+/-] a drink is $16; standard clubbing drink price. . [-] it's quite far from the strip. . PERSONAL EXPERIENCES. [+] tiesto and david guetta for labor day weekend!. [+] SWEEEEET free shirts the night of david guetta!. [+] caught souvenir glasses and light sticks when they threw 'em out. [+] for tiesto: my friend, Ruby, and I skipped an entire room of lines b/c the bouncer let us through (:. [+] for guetta: Jean's promotor got the girls on the guest list for free, yessss!. [+] and one other event that made the night TOTALLY worth it. . Ahhhhh, I love XS! :D
super legit.  saw tiesto here and afrojack came out the same night!
Best club I have ever been.  It is both indoor and outdoor and very, very large.  The wait at the bar was crazy long and the drinks are expensive but this place is so cool, it is sort of worth it.  Spent the evening dancing on the shallow lip of the pool to Tiesto all night long as partiers jumped fully clothed into the pool.  This place doesn't die down, it keeps going.   The bathroom was beautiful.  You want a crazy, classy Vegas party, you will find it here.
Am I a "club" type of person?  No, give me a dive bar any day.. Do I hate wearing high heels and skimpy dresses?  Yes.. I was definitely out of place at XS in my leggings and tank top.  Seemed like EVERY DAMN GIRL was in the tiniest, tightest dress and tallest heels she could find.  Apparently, that's what you're supposed to do.  However, did I have fun here?  YEP!  My friend wanted to come both nights of the weekend and since I had never been before, I figured why not?  . . It's definitely as huge as everyone says it is and as nice as everyone says it is and ridiculous as everyone says it is.  Whatever you've heard about this place is true.. . Friday, we were able to get in no problem, no line (probably due to a mistake by a promoter).  It wasn't too crowded, but we did get there around 10.  The music was pretty good (and I don't like house, so that's saying something).  We ended up doing the "find a table with a bunch of dudes" thing and hung out with them all night, which was pretty fun. I even got into a dance battle with some Asian guys outside (who definitely knew what they were doing, I did not).  What the hell?. Saturday, we went for Calvin Harris, who was doing his thing after his VMA wins.  Holy shit.  It was way too crowded.  Couldn't even move inside, so we ended up outside.  By this point of the trip, I was tired and wanted to go home to my fiance and my dog.  My feet (even in flats) hurt from the night before.  Then, as we were outside, I saw a glorious sight: there was a hot tub and there were girls sitting around it, soaking their feet.  It was like Jesus, himself, had come down from heaven.  I definitely joined those smart ladies and spent about an hour with my feet in the hot tub.  . Eventually, I made my way back out to where my friend was talking with some guy from Queens (he was nice) and danced to Calvin Harris for a bit...in the pool with shoes off.  And then, we saw a guy jump in the pool and start dancing around in it.  Ended up leaving around 3am then had to wait in a 45 minute long cab line.  And then PEOPLE STARTING CUTTING THE LINE (I hope karma gets all of you, you know who you are).  That part definitely sucked.  Next time: I will walk somewhere else.  This time, though, my feet hurt. . . Anyway, this club is definitely a good time.  Even two days in a row.  Just make sure to bring comfortable shoes, patience and a high tolerance for alcohol.  Also, make sure you don't go day drinking and end up hungover before trying to go in here.  That would be a mistake.
Easily one of my favorite nightclubs in Vegas! The architecture alone is worth going to see. They spared no expense right down to the last piece of artwork and lightfixture. . . Great indoor/outdoor club so it doesn't get too hot or cold with all of the people.  They always have a great DJ lineup and you will never leave XS thinking, "what a waste". The bathroom line is never long - huge perk! . . Usually there is a cover, so try to get on a guest list, especially if you have a group of girls - you shouldn't ever have to pay to get in.
Favorite club in Vegas! My girls and I always come here at least once on our trips to Vegas... maybe even twice in one trip! Why? You might ask.... . 1. It's sooooo nice! Duh! . 2. Good DJs. Usually the DJs that the girls want to see DJ here so of course, we have to come. . 3. They have a huge pool with a shallow end where you can just dip your feet in! For us ladies with the high heels, it feels amazing to throw off our shoes and soak our feet while we continue to dance! . 4. Pool party on Sunday! (It's not always open though). But make sure that if you want to go into the pool, you wear a bathing suit because if you don't, the bouncers will kick you out! . 5. It's huge! There's an inside and an outside. Lots of tables for bottle service if you want. On the outside, they have a second floor overlooking the pool for bottle service too. . . So in conclusion, I love this place!
Who knew that a club named XS would ACTUALLY be one of the biggest clubs in Vegas? Heh, clever huh :) . . FYI, this review is for the nightclub ONLY:. . 1. Line isn't that bad.  When compared to the ridiculousness of Marquee, XS is a BREEZE. BUT that's not to say that you shouldn't get there at a reasonable time. Not too many bouncers acting like they're the top of the line and no massive amounts of back lines, front lines, and lines that get all mixed up that you have no idea which line you're in.. . 2. Ratio is awesome. Again, there's an even ratio of guys to girls ... but this is a top notch Vegas club - can't expect anything less.. . 3. NO. STAIRS. Awesome, no?. . 4. It. is. freaking. huge. Thus, this RARELY gets crowded to point where you're smelling other people's B.O or getting splashed with someone's sweat. The outside is HUGE as is the table service inside, plus there are cabanas in higher levels by the pool (my secret place to just stand and watch over the crowd without dealing with the crowd itself). . 5. Awesome diverse crowd with awesome DJs.. . I used to be an avid Marquee go-er until the rest of the world found out about Marquee and its lavish style and famous DJ residencies.  But, XS is my new favorite, along with all my friends. Why? Because it's HUGE, plays good music, and we've never left the club unhappy. . Come here on a Friday or Saturday and you're bound to have a GREAT time. Will you remember? Eh, up to you :)
One of the best clubs I have experienced in Vegas. Considering just how many people were there, it never felt overcrowded. Loved that you could dance your socks off inside under a beautiful, massive chandelier or kick it outside by a pool that makes you want to strip down to your scibbies and jump in (which some just about did the night I was there) . . Overall, great atmosphere, great bartenders, and an amazing time!!
This is the best club I have ever gone to. I went there for their pool party and it was quite possibly one of the greatest  nights of my life. We have hookups there so we got escorted to the club: celebrity status. It felt amazing to bypass the lines and not have to pay for anything. Everybody was in the pool splashing around and dancing. We partied till 4am. Such an amazing night!
Hands down one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.. . During the Summer they have Night Swim on Sundays which is a lot of fun and the pool is open so come in your swim suits!. . They always have amazing Djs like Deadmau5, Steve Aoki, Afro Jack, Axwell, Hardwell, Dada Life, Rusko, Avicii and many more.
My absolute favorite in Vegas and the best nightclub ever... there is nothing else like XS anywhere else! Every time I'm in Vegas, I always make a stop here on one of the nights. . . Girls, it's no issue for you to get in if you're cute and come relatively on time. Guys, please dress nice/ presentable and also bring cash. There is always a cover charge for guys... but what else is new? Make sure to come early, cuz if you're coming around 11:30-12am, you'll definitely know where the club is- just follow the ridiculously long line.. . Once walking in, you immediately see how big the club is. There are rows of tables for bottle service. As you get further into the club, you see that there are stripper poles every where for girls to dance up on/ guys to gawk and that the club opens into the outside. Once outside, there's another bar and the club surrounds the pool. This is a very large club but it's always packed. There is always good music and a good time! Basically, XS is a very sexy, young club- I recently saw AVICII play there. There are always good djs, pricey drinks, and awesome set up around the pool. Just beware, if you need water, they charge you for it. If you come during the summer, you can also use the pool during club hours- just check to see which nights. Basically, XS is the dream night club- everything you'd want to have in a club and more! Always a good night here and is a Vegas must.
I think after going to Tao as my first Vegas nightclub, this was easily five stars just because there was actually a lot of space and places to sit without having to get bottle service. . . Music selection was pretty good.  Started off with some mixed pop-ish hits around 11:30 and then got into house-type music after 12:30 or so.  The DJ, which they also show on a jumbo-tron outside, seemed very into his craft.  The dance floor got EXTREMELY packed at times.. . The drinks seemed expensive here.
Probably the best club I have ever been to! Not only is the atmosphere perfect for partying, they also have a pool where you can actually swim in and flaunt that bod for all the fellas. lol. . . XS is so awesome I bet anyone that comes here falls in love and it becomes their new fave Vegas hot spot! Right when you walk it, your jaw literally drops in shock by how amazing this club looks. It is so spacious and with all those pretty lights, the place literally glows. . . In regards to the pool, I didn't see that many people taking a dip in, only a few. There are gambling tables which is super fun to play at and several bars to buy drinks from. The bartender that kept making my drinks was on point! She made everything tastes so good! . . What I noticed about this place is that there isn't really a centralized dance floor. I mean there is some space in front of the dj table but like not a lot. People just get crazy everywhere and make their own dance floor! . . As for the music, they play really good music. It is EDM at the beginning, and towards the end of the night they play hip hop. When I went Lil Jon was there so it was pretty cool getting to see him.
How can you not love XS?. . I can't count the number of times I've been here, but a good night here is unforgettable.  XS really knows how to celebrate.  I came on a night that Calvin Harris was playing.  Forget fog machines or confetti coming down.  They literally made it rain money.  I had so much fun dancing.  Smiles all night long =)
Great nightclub and fantastic bottle service. One of my favorites.
sure why not update this review every two years. that works for me. and umm yes... this place is still awesome!!!!!. . went here twice this year and both times were super amazing. so i went on a sunday in july....and what?????? everyone in the pool!!!! what the hell... how come i didnt know about this before i arrived in my dress and heels...should i have known i would have been right there with them in the party. this was the first time that i was able to check out the vip tables... and guess what... more bathrooms! nice to know. so the vip tables upstairs and outside are amazing!!!! so nice and great view of the party. i didn't realize how bright it is outside. makes it not feel like a dingy club.. . came back her on sunday....bikini in tow after reading their flyer for sunday nightswim for 10/7.. the flyer said swimwear strongly encourage! . . FAIL!!!.  the pool was closed because it was too cold. it was 65 degrees out....lm from san francisco. thats what we call a "good day" me and my two friends were determined to get into that pool.. . 4th time being told in vegas "ma'am you cant do that here" dammit...i mean yay!!! im too vegas for vegas!!!  i think it may have been the alochol talking but me and my friend were decided when we wanted to leave that we will just jump in the pool anyways. thank God we sobered up by 3 am and walked out gracefully. . . this place is still the best club in vegas and i just had the best night ever here. cant wait to go back!
In everyone's life, there comes a time & a place when you frequent a specific club too many times & start hating it . This starts with nit-picking @ every aspect of it, criticizing the people inside, and then maybe even the dbag bouncers; the exception to the rule is XS---THE nightclub of LV.  As a very eager & avid patron of Las Vegas, the city of brotherly sin, one is almost forced to bed with it's alluring, tantalizing, and philandering twin sister, i.e. "the LV Nightclub."  I've had my more-than-enough-for-a-person's-lifetime share of clubs, but I have yet to get tired of XS nor do I foresee myself EVER getting tired of XS (up to this point).  Well, unless I get so girthy that my presence in XS becomes a detriment to those around me, the limited dance space and breathing air.  . . Me & XS have a long, dated history together.  I started visiting XS pretty much within the first few months of its grand opening.  7 years ago, just getting into a 21+ club was enough to get giddy and the perfect excuse to get blasted, forget about all the student debt you owed, and of course lose all the crammed knowledge you paid thousands of dollars to acquire . In fact the club didn't really matter that much since you would barely recognize your friends, let alone the venue in which you're throwing up in.  Life was so simple & my standards were so low.  . . At it's core, XS is still very, very similar to how it once was @ its inception, with the exception of the enormous DJ booth/stage that now occupies the dance floor (and removed about 30% of the total dance space) and the addition of a few more tables located around the dance (also reducing the dance space even more! :( However, despite the reduction of overall free-space and breathing room, XS security does ensure your safety by closing the dance floor off during peak hours/popular nights.  So once you get in, I don't recommend you leaving unless you plan on dancing up on the pole areas (not recommend for guys....but shamefully executed this for no real reason :( ) or you plan on dancing in random spaces (completely acceptable considering the asphyxiating dance floor).   Also, don't go into the pool or you'll get kicked out (unless you look really good in a wet t-shirt/dress). . Furthermore, if you venture outside onto it's pool area, they may even limit you from going back inside the club itself!!  **IF THE NIGHT IS PACKED, THIS WILL HAPPEN* Your solution? Leave the club and re-enter with your hand stamp w/o waiting :)  Other than these slight re-entry issues and closed dance floors, I'm usually too intoxicated to care about anything else except having fun with my friends.  . . So if you've reached this far down this review, I will  reward you the accumulation of "wisdom" that I've acquired in my 20+ times visiting XS.. . 1) W/ the advent of the "internet," you can buy pre-sale tickets to popular nights for a HUGE DISCOUNT compared to what you may pay if you procrastinate and wait til the last minute.  If you actually read this far, you are probably an intelligent person who wishes to make your life easier.  These pre-sale tickets (if bought 3-4 weeks in advance) can be 50% cheaper and will all you to enter the club within 1% of the wait time you would encounter in the general admission line. ONE PERCENT!!! You can also save your buzz/drink less inside!. . 2)  If you have failed to prepare pre-sale tickets, there is a plan B to salvage your night.  Go with your group and start waiting in line @ 9/915pm.  You can enter the empty club, admire how nice and cool it looks sober & desolate, then leave & go back to your room to pre-party...then come back to XS at ANY TIME you want w/o waiting!!! This will shave about 1-2 hours of line-waiting (they also raise prices later in the night)..   . 3) So let's say you have managed to fail both steps 1 & 2, can you believe you still have one other (less desirable) option!?  Once you are in line, waiting like a sheepish fool, I recommend that a confident, savvy soul approach one of the line-guardsmen and ask the guy if there's any way he can get you guys in.  He will tacitly nod his head and say something along the lines of "what do you got?"  At this point, you will offer this genteel, suited man a "bribe" to get you and your drunk, yet standing straight & conscious friends in.  To not insult him, I would start @ an offer of $35 a head or $40 a head.   At most, offer him $50/guy. **this all depends on how much cover is too**  If cover is $30, offer him 20/25.  If cover is $40, offer him $30/35.  This will work, just don't be a jerk, overly aggressive, or rude.  This "bribe" will allow you to skip line AND pays for cover. How can you NOT do this?   I guarantee you this will save at least 1-2 hrs in line if you start it early enough. THIS IS WORTH THE EXTRA TIME INSIDE!. . Other than this, have fun, drink alot, dance til you can't feel your feet, and try not to get kicked out. But if you do get kicked out, make it count i.e. come out in a wheelchair
THE best club you will ever see!  . I had the privilege of going with one of my friends and we had the ultimate vegas experience. VIP everything from a host walking us in, to having a cabana by the pool as well as other friends with tables inside. This might not seem like a big deal but seating at a club is SO hard to come by and so sacred, especially when you're wearing 5 inch heels. The club was beautiful, because of the people we were with, Everything treated us like royalty. I heard that some people had to wait for hours to get in and the entrance fee for guys is $50 up. Regardless of the wait and cost, everyone should go at least once. It'll definitely open your eyes to a whole new world. Not only is it the most beautiful club i've been to, It's also suited for everyone. You have the indoor dance floor and the outdoor bar and pool area. There's a little bit for everyone. Because they're bouncers are strict, the quality of people at the club is also a lot higher than most others.
So much fun at Club XS while Lil Jon was dj!. . Hubs and I had so much fun at club XS. This place is insane - just get ready to dance your ass off. This was off the hook and by far the best thing we have done in our three trips to Vegas together. I thought I would feel old or out of place but neither was the case (he is 28 and I just turned 30). We had so much fun and yes it was packed and yes the bouncers were dicks but we had a blast regardless - can't wait to try our next Vegas club.. . PS. Avoid the dubstep/techno bullshit and wait for a real dj to bounce to...it's worth it. :)
Went this past weekend when calvin harris was spinning and had a blast!! Decor is nice and the outdoor area is huge! We saw the huge crazy line but luckily the bouncer came up to us and let me and my girlfriends bypass the entire line! On top of that the host let all of us in for free. No wait no cover, bouncers were super nice but I guess it's cuz we were all girls and what can I say my friends are hot!. Will definitely come back when I come back to Vegas next year!
again a DJ war an Amazing Place best of the best hotel !!! the encore beach is also un***** real !!! love it !! best memorial day there
HOW CAN I FORGET TO REVIEW XS LAS VEGAS OH MY GOD.. . I went to Vegas back in August of this year and it was absolutely the best time of my life! My friends and I went to XS on a Monday night for "Dim Mak" Mondays to see of course, the one and only Steve Aoki! It was hands down, the best time in a nightclub I had in awhile. I'm from NYC and saying this means A LOT. You know NYC has a lot of great clubs and such but nothing, NOTHING compared to XS. We had free champagne thanks to Aoki's performance and of course some free cake! (Aoki fans know what I'm talking about!) . . Admission for ladies was free of course, especially if you know a promoter. The ratio thing is a really big deal, and I don't blame promoters for asking for a lot of girls because a room full of dudes could get kinda weird. My guy friends paid $20 to get in, probably better than some guys who didn't have any promoter buddies and ended up paying up $40-$60 .. just to get in. So get a promoter, boys and a lot of girlies. The more girls, the easier guys can get in for a cheap price or even free! . . Next time I'm in vegas, I will be coming back! The people are sexy, the DJs are crazy and drinks get you drunk. I really need to stay at the Encore or Wynn to make it much easier to get back to the hotel room after experiencing XS. . . Expect to spend a lot, it is VEGAS. Get ready people for the best time of your LIFE!
Been here twice. Hands down my favorite club in Vegas. . . First time I came, Steve Aoki was performing. Second time, Skrillex. This club is great at getting famous DJs to come perform. The venue is also set up so that if you're inside, you can get a view of the DJ even if you're not on the dance floor. . . Girls, if you're on the guestlist, you don't have to pay cover! If you're lucky, you can even get a drink ticket or two.. . For Skrillex, my guy friends had to pay $50 for cover though, but they said it was worth it. :). . Drinks are pricey. If you didn't pregame, expect to spend some bucks. . . Dance floor gets SUPER crowded when the headliner is up, so brace yourself for stompers and elbowers. Still super fun though. We also got cool light sticks to wave around. :). . The venue is BEAUTIFUL. Very very classy. The pool outside makes for great pictures.
fucken amazing sep22nd watching deadmau5.......
What needs to be said has already been said by all the other reviewers, but I must chime in. I've had good times here, I've had bad. But the good have definitely trumped over the bad and out of all the clubs I've been to in Vegas, this is still the one that's most beautiful, glamourous, fun, sexy, party rockin', crazy, etc etc.. . Because of my wonderful promoter/host, I've never had to pay a single dime to get in (unless it's for tables; they start at $2k) nor wait in the horrendous line. But since it's one of the hottest clubs in Vegas, guys have to expect to pay. Depending on what weekend, cover for guys can range from $40 to $150.. . XS has multiple entrances and is one of the largest clubs in Vegas. It's also one of the most beautiful (has beautiful people too), with a main dance floor, plenty of areas to sit, lounge or dance, an area to gamble, and a shit ton of cabanas and tables. However, I think my favorite thing about XS is that there's a pool and various shallow areas where anyone can take their shoes off, dip their feet in and dance to the music.. . Other than the upscale venue, they have great DJs too. I've seen Avicii, Steve Angello, and Morgan Page here, among many others. Sure, it's not as great as the usual line-up at Marquee, but the XS venue beats Marquee any day. (But if Marquee has a better DJ that night, you'll still catch me at Marquee... just saying.)
I am not a huge Vegas fan but have ended up in Vegas for the few years for one thing or another. I swear, each time I come to Vegas I don't think my trip will be complete without coming to XS. True, the place gets packed inside with almost zero room to show off your amazing dance moves...well the moves always seem amazing after drinking :) And if you can elbow your way thru be sure to try pole dancing!! But I love hanging out outside by the pool - gorgeous outdoor setting, one of my favorite spots. . . I always meet interesting people/guys - good looking crowd around my age who don't make me feel like an oldie hanging out with total youngsters!! Music each time I have gone has been top notch so will definitely be coming back next time. But buying drinks here? Not really - rule is to pregame unless I am in the mood or have someone else buying that $16 drink.. . Us girls will never learn and will continue wearing high heels and kill our feet in order to pull off that amazing outfit - seriously we thought our feet died. Thank you to whoever thought of putting vending machines and selling those foldable flats - best $20 some of us spent...and yes we have reworn the flats elsewhere to get our monies worth :)
XS is definitely my new favorite club in Vegas. . . I was here last Saturday when Steve Angelo of Swedish House Mafia performed. There was no guest list so we had to buy pre-sale tickets ~ $20 for girls/$50 for guys. We got thereat about 10:30 and the line went by really quickly. I liked the set up of the club, the stage was indoors and facing a large dance floor surrounded by the table-service area. The back of the stage was open to the pool/outdoor dance area, which was nice since you still got to hear the live DJ  even if you were outdoors. The drinks were good, strong, and expensive... as expected. Music was great and Steve Angelo's performance was AMAZING! The only downside was that when the indoor dance floor gets packed, they block off the entrances from the pool... this forced us to exit the club and re-enter from the front just to get inside, kinda sucky but whatever! Me and all my friends had a blast, can't wait to come back!!
Writing a review about XS is, for me, a lot like being asked to write a review about life itself.  How deep do you want to go on this?. . I remember it like it was yesterday, the first time I went to XS.  I remember because it was probably the greatest day of my life, and I would never be the same again.. . XS is like Chicken Soup for the Soul.  If it's been more than a few days since you were last there, you are inevitably going through some rough times in your life.  You're probably freaking out on people, ultra stressed and you just don't know why you look like hell all the time...  . . But the moment you walk in, you're literally bathed in a holy light that cures you of all ailments and forgives you for your sins.  . . If you are not already extremely hammered, that was probably a bad decision on your part for not pre-gaming, but there are plenty of $14-17 drinks available.. . Granted, some nights there are literally a sea of asian people there, but it's all fine by me.  If you look at the reviews on here you'll see that it's about 94% asian reviewers, but that's not necessarily representative of the club, it's more like 82% asian.  Nah just kidding, it used to be worse but these days it's a pretty well-rounded crowd.. . Bottom line, what other club have you been to that cost $100 million to make?  Definitely not the lame ass club in your hometown. Go to XS.
Back in Vegas, when prompted with the question, "What club do you wanna hit up?" my initial response was XS as I've never been and have been wanting to check it off my list.. . Here for Veteran's Day Weekend so there wasn't a guestlist for Friday or Saturday, but we got on it for Sunday with R3hab playing at free for girls and $20/guy.  Pre-sales were looking at $20/girl, $30/guy.. . Got there a little before midnight and I was honestly a little worried they would give me trouble with the guestlist, but they didn't even ID me when asking for my guestlist info and hooked it up no problem.  The lines are long, but we didn't wait far too long--definitely tolerable.. . The one thing that stood out to me about XS is not only the gorgeous venue, but the crowd XS attracts.  The layout of the club beats Marquee in my opinion--middle stage, spacious dance floor, places to sit, and gorgeous outside patio with a pool that you can actually go in (though it was blocked off the night I was here).  I love that you could go outside and still hear the music from inside whereas Marquee, you get a change in sound system once you step outside.  XS is also easy to maneuver around and the staff and security gave me no troubles at all.  Plus one.. . The crowd was a lot of fun in that it's young, hip, and don't seem as douche-y as the crowd at Marquee who don't know how to get out of the way and always spill drinks left and right.  There was a number of older people, which really confounded me as I would NOT want to be in the crowded dance floor full of energetic partygoers when I'm just going to stand there and stare up at the stage; I was surprised they stayed there for as long as I did to be honest.. . Seems like it's predominantly EDM played here, which may be a turn off for those who don't prefer dancing to house music.  I'm not the hugest fan of house, but R3hab was so much fun and I definitely would want to go back even if he wasn't playing.  It seemed like all my girl friends had a blast too so I'm super glad we were able to party here.. . Best club I've been to, hands down.  Be back for you, XS!
came here Sunday night (11/12) for my birthday since Marquee Saturday was a failure. Love this place!! the music and the crowd was good. your bouncers are SUPER nice and there are places to sit!! love the stripper poles hahahaha would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas!
IF I COULD GIVE IT MORE STARS I WOULD!!!!!!.  By far the BEST club in LAS VEGAS...whoever goes here must attend it. . Alot of people complain about how pricey it is...but "hey you get what you pay for" right! its classy, upscale, drinks are fucking awesome. great music! . . I recently went in November for my little brothers 21st birthday but i was kind of iffy about even going since it wasnt like summer or anything so i didnt think id see anyone good. To my LUCK Tiesto was gonna be there that nigh. i was beyond stocked!!!! made it better than it already is!!!!
I don't remember much about my time at XS but blurred memory means awesome times. After all it is Vegas.. . We were a group of 3 girls but we met a larger group of 6 girls in line and so we teamed up to try and work some magic. Well it kinda worked. Some random guys in line tried sweet talking the bouncers to let us in free but they only managed to talk him into letting us cut the line. Ok I'm cool with that. We paid to get in but after that we paid no more.. . Guys were buying us drinks left and right. We walked up to the bar and my girlfriend orders a round of patron shots for us all but some nearby gentlemen picked up our tab. Thanks guys. They weren't very cute so we talked to them a bit and discretely walked away and they didn't follow suite or harass. . . One of my girlfriend goes off to take a spin on one of the stripper poles on the dance floor we entertain ourselves watching her take lessons from the MILF holding her own at that pole but then wander off to the poolside bar where we stayed the rest of the night because the drinks just kept coming and the conversations from our gentlemen callers were entertaining. What was more entertaining was watching guys max out credit cards on the rounds of shots they were trying to buy us. . . Shots, Shots, Shots.
My favorite club in Vegas!
My favorite club in Vegas. As far as I know, both guys and girls both have to pay for entry but for good reason. This club is totally awesome. . . The main dance floor is pretty crowded but you can walk to the pool area to get some air. There are also 3 bars so the wait isn't too bad. If you don't want to wait in line for an hour+ then you better get there early unless you're in a big group of girls.. . Oh yeah, the music is pretty good too :3
I love XS. It's always a lot better with a table. One of the best clubs in Vegas.
First  off, this is my favorite club in Vegas; Great music (house) , the crowd is great , the pool area wasn't open this time. but is still amazing, strong drinks, and VIP area isn't roped off like at PURE which sucks, the bathroom is so clean and the attendants are helpful. the security guard working there was so sweet and gave us a table for free :). DEFINITELY WORTH IT.. . Cover charge is $20 I believe, but sometimes let you in free
This club was hands down my favorite club in LV.  I mean, it helped that I knew Steve Aoki was going to be there the night I went, but the club alone just has such a great vibe that it makes it all worth it.  . . Between the staff with coat check and getting through the lines, everyone was super friendly and laid back.  Definitely not what you'd expect from an upscale club in Vegas -- which is GREAT!. . Sound system was rockin' and it's truly a great venue with so much space for dancing.  Will DEFINITELY go back.  And recommend as the number 1 club spot in Vegas.
XS is truly the only club that I know off that deserves a 5star rating. It's spacious! There is outdoor dancing, bars, VIP. There is indoor dancing, bars, VIP. Every time I go there, the music is awesome. They played a little bit of everything, from house, to hip hop, to r&b, to trance. Love the vibe! The people there are always classy and trendy and at their best behavior. I have not been to Surrender, so I can't compare, but XS is definitely way better than Marquee!
Nightclubs don't get any better than this.. . Came here to see Nervo and had my doubts. In the end, I was blown away. First off, compared to the other clubs, XS has the most room to shake it. There's more room for you to actually be in the front to see whatever DJ you want to see. . . The downfall of clubbing at XS in the winter? The crowd. Because it's pretty popular, you have a ton of people coming in. Of those people who come in, you have a certain percentage of idiots. I have seen more fights than I should have in one night. One fight, this guy came out of nowhere, jumped a guy right next to me, and pounded his face to the floor for a good minute or so. Not even one security guard came... And me? I almost got into a fight there for having to deal with a rambunctious idiot. . . XS has a great atmosphere and goes down as one of the best clubs in Vegas. Drinks will set you back around $17 but the quality of their drinks here compared to Surrender is 10 times better.. . If you're trying to decide between Surrender or XS, I will guarantee you will have a better time at XS. My experiences with Surrender have always been terrible. But at XS, the bouncers and staff members are nicer. . . Tip: In the winter, they close off the outside portion so there's no pool access. Get there early. Girls, get on the guest list and look good. Guys, don't ask for water. You will be charged.
I will say this time and time again. XS is hands down the best club in Vegas. TAO is up there. Marquee can't even compare. Roger Thomas, the executive vice president of design for Wynn has outdone himself.. . I came here for Veteran's Day weekend on a Sunday night. Surprisingly, the line seemed pretty packed, but that didn't deter most of us. It seems like a long wait from the outside, but the cashiers are very efficient and the wait was no more than 20 min. Definitely tolerable, especially with a Four Loko in your hand.. . $20 for guys, free for girls if you're on the guest list. If I knew what it would be like inside, I would've easily paid more.. . The venue is absolutely gorgeous. The fact that the dance floor is centralized makes it easy to get around, unlike the dark mazes of Marquee. Everything from the chandelier to the bathroom walls to the bar is beautifully crafted and makes you feel just a little bit classier. Plus, there's actually places to sit! That's pretty rare to find these days. . . That night, R3hab was DJing and it was one of the most mind-blowing clubbing experiences of my life. I've never heard of the guy before, but he mixed in a good amount of popular EDM music along with his stuff. It's almost as if you're at a rave, but with a lot less people and a much nicer venue. Free shirts, styrofoam glow sticks, and glasses made it even better. Even if you're not into EDM, the DJs they host here will make sure you're having a good time.. . The crowd is predominantly young, classy and good looking. Everyone tends to be friendly and not trying to start shit. You might run into a few bros or hood rats here and there, but it's a lot less likely to happen than at Marquee or Tao. You'll also see some cougars, but hey props to them for staying young and enduring 4 hours of head-blasting music. . . Overall, XS is the perfect place to go clubbing in Vegas. There's really no other way to put it. Even if you swear to never go clubbing again like I almost did after Marquee, you won't regret giving it a chance.
I've seen many clubs ranging from cities in Europe to NYC, SF, San Diego and many more major nightlife hotspots but XS has exceeded my expectations. Great music, classy people, professional hosts! Need I say more?
I've partied all over the world and this is by far the hottest club I've ever been to. It's hot, sexy, lavish, elegant, majestic, completely over-the-top awesome! I came here when Deadmau5 was spinning during the Pacquiao vs Marquez 4 fight weekend and it was jam packed. A bit too packed but it was extremely fun.. . First off, this club if huge! Think of a regular club in your city, multiple that by 3 and that's only the size of XS's dance floor. Their outdoor pool & lounge area is very extravagant and beautiful. . . The best thing is the music. They have top of the line speaker systems. The bass hits hard and clean. Nothing is overwhelming to the ear and every beats seems to send shivers down your spine. The music sensation alone is worth going to XS.. . The view is spectacular. And by view, I mean the girls. It's Vegas. Use your imagination!. . From now on, every single time I go to Vegas, I will be sure to hit up XS!
Without a doubt the BEST club in Vegas! Yeah you can make a case for Marquee but XS really brings it when you go head to head in terms of DJ's. They have the biggest names and the biggest parties and always draw a great crowd with one common goal to dance all night long.  So let me ask you one thing.... . If this was the last dance of the night . Will you join me 'til the morning light . Dance the night away, 'cause it feels right . You can't stop me, no-o-o-o. You can't stop me, nooooo. You can't stop me, no-o-o-o. . A couple of quick tips for all you amateurs out there.  Pay attention because this will save you some time and money, heck it might even get you laid.. . 1) PRESALE TICKETS FTW. 2) GET THERE EARLY AND GET RIGHT IN EVEN IF YOU'RE A DUDE. 3) WEAR A TIE (OR BOWTIE) AND DRESS SHOES. 4) BRING CASH AND TIP WELL. 5) HIGH FIVES AND SMILES ALL NIGHT. 6) MAKE FRIENDS WITH EVERYONE EVEN DUDES. 7) GET SWEATY AND START A DANCE CIRCLE. 8) RIP DA CLUB (AKA SHUT IT DOWN). 9) SHHHOOOOOOOTTTTSSSS. 10) STAY HYDRATED LOL
Out of Bagatelle, Tao, and Pure, XS was the best. All of us girls got in free (~15-20 of us) on the guest-list, not sure what the boys did, but we did get bottle service. There was lots of cushy seating surrounding our table and wasn't invaded by randos. There was good music (which was infinitely better after 2-3 am), a good crowd (20s-30s), a good ratio, and a good amount of people (not too empty, not crazy crowded. Manufactured Superstars played and threw into the crowd light-up foam things, hipster glasses, and awesome blow-up astronauts. It got crowded at some points of the night, but not enough to make me uncomfortable. . . I would definitely revisit this club when/if I return to Vegas!
Favorite club in Vegas!!! Awesome layout - a huge open room with tables lining to the dance floor. Bars to the left and right - just great!. . Music was my favorite - electronic beats all night long. Best DJs there. Great crowd, younger around 20s to late 20s. DEFINITELy COMING BACK!. . A promoter got us in early by cutting the line and also we each got two free drinks and free entry. Best deal! Loved it!
Awesome Club! Got in for free because we went to Tryst first and got stamped when we left. We went on a night when DeadMau5 was spinning - it was AWESOME! Stood poolside at the bar and had a great time. It was packed because of DeadMau5. We didn't get to do bottle service. Because all the tables were booked in advance because of DeadMau5. It was $600/bottle per 3 people. . . I went to Marquee, Tryst, and then XS. XS is definitely one of the highlights of my Vegas trip! I had so much fun! The people were great! I got free drinks. What could be better than that?. . Definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas!
XS at Encore is without a doubt one of the hottest clubs in Vegas. Saw Afrojack in Sept 2011 and Calvin Harris on 12/15/12 (bachelor party weekend). The lines are always super long so unless you want to drop several thousand on bottle service, try to get advance Wantickets for whatever DJ is playing (some famous DJ is always playing) or know someone. The house/dance music is amazing, the crowd is young and good looking, and the club is extremely spacious (indoor gets packed, but outdoor pool area always has room). Drinks are expensive but that is expected.. . XS is the epitome Vegas clubbing so it a definite must visit for you and your friends.
XS lives up to the hype. It's a bit small if you opt to stay inside, so be warned. It helps to know somebody...otherwise you pay a ridiculous cover and wait in a line for the sake of waiting in a line. At least they allow ins and outs...I haven't gotten a table here so I can't speak to their service, but the bar, while crowded, moves quickly if you manage to get their attention.
My favorite club in Sin City!!!. . I've had my share of times going to XS and I can say with confidence that I never had a bad time. Sure, I've blacked out a couple times, but that just goes to show you that I had the time of my life then, lol.. . XS is located in the Encore hotel and the venue is just AMAZING. It's so spacious with a lot of tables and places to sit when your feet are dying from your heels. I've never been here during the summer, but the outdoor area has a pool and tons of cabanas.. . Unfortunately I don't know the entry prices since I've always gone through a promoter and never had to pay, so I recommend all you fellas to find a group of girls to go in with! :P The music is always pretty good here, too. As everyone knows, EDM is blowing up right now, so that's what you can pretty much find here. I'm not a big EDM person nor am I very knowledgeable about the different DJ's, but the last time I came here, Diplo was playing. Didn't know him at the time, but I had a great time that night :). . Make sure to go to XS the next time you're in Vegas! DEFINITELY ZE BEST.
This will probably get cycled off the first page in a matter of days, but regardless here are some tips for XS, because if you've never been to Vegas or never been to a club you may be intimidated coming in.  I was here for Tiestoon New Years weekend, so I assume about as hard a night to enter as any.. . - Buy tickets ahead of time if available.  I bought thru Wantickets thru the XS website and they had a separate entrance set up where I walked right in despite arriving at XS around 12:30AM (my plane landed that night at 11:15PM).  Didn't even have to grease the guy at the door, which I fully expected to have to do since I got there kinda late and this is standard practice at some NYC clubs, even if you have a ticket.. . - Dress nice.  Really nice.  But leave the $500 loafers at home.  Wear the $150 ones.. . - Forget bottle service.  Drink prices aren't THAT bad (under $15 for Tanqueray and tonic) and you can get service quickly enough in the outside bars.. . Besides that it's your standard high-end club experience.  Lots of people, some more banged up than others, close quarters, lots of rich Asians (not a bad thing), but as XS you don't have the college crowd/mindset of wearing as much neon as possible and acting like a complete a-hole like you do in the majority of big clubs, festivals these days.  So HUGE ups for that.
This club is by far the best place I have been in Las Vegas. Everything is well organized, the security and bouncers are very friendly. The drinks are amazingly good . I definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves to party !
Best in Vegas!. . Great time and very good people!
Fun Vegas club. It's upscale without the upscale dress code.
I love XS. . Sure, it probably has to do with the fact that everytime we've gone, we've been on the guestlist, and always got in free and also with no wait at all.. . But besides that, the venue is beautiful - inside and out. This is a perfect example of how you can maximize use of space and ambience in just one huge area, and not need to go from room to room to have a good time.. . Great music, great vibe, great venue.
So far XS is the best nightclub that I've ever been to in Vegas. Huge dance floor that leads you to the outdoor/pool area if you want fresh air. Very classy atmosphere and crowd. My only complaint was the lack of variety of music that they were playing at the time that we were there. Electronic music all through the night and no hiphop.
HIGHLY recommended if you are looking for a classy club in Vegas! I went there to see Afrojack last Saturday and it was simply amazing. The decor is beautiful, the layout makes sense, the acoustics are good...there is even an outdoor section, which was great even though the pool wasn't open yet. . . My few notes are this:. -If you are going with a group, I would recommend getting bottle service or getting there post-10PM. We went with a group of 16 (6 men, 10 women); the men bought bottle service so they bypassed the general admission line. The rest of us had to wait in line, but because there were 10 women, we were able to cut ahead of the line pretty quickly (which was great because the line was INTENSELY long). We still had to pay $40 per person, but the cost varies depending on who is playing.. -Another benefit to getting bottle service is that you are not stuck in the extremely crowded dance floor and you have a home plate. Otherwise, this club would have been a bit more difficult to manage, I think.. -The bathrooms are AMAZING! Seriously, I'm not kidding. Never had to wait in line, and there is a massive array of perfumes/hairspray, etc. Totally awesome.. . As for what type of bottle service to get, we had one of the cheapest tables inside and, in my opinion, had one of the best seats in the house. We were right next to the left-hand bar (there are bars on both side of the dance floor) which placed us in the back of the room, but there are ledges that you can stand on, which is great for when the DJ comes on! We debated getting a table outside, which was a bit more expensive. During the summer, that might have been an OK option, but it is also a bit far away from the dance floor. In fact, from what I could tell, they played different music entirely. However, for the summer when the pool is open, it might have been a fun place to party.. . Also, for being a Vegas club, drinks were pretty cheap around $12. I can't wait to go back!!
favorite club in vegas, favorite club in the united states, favorite club in the world!
Saw Afrojack in October of 2012 was the BEST experience I have ever had at a club. Been to XS multiple times and have always enjoyed it. I do agree with some people though, the prices are a bit expensive, think the cheapest drink is 12 bucks but hey its Vegas and it's a Nightclub.
If you are in the mood for electronic/dance/progressive house music this is your place. Yeah it's a bit pricey for the guys but if they don't mind paying the $65 cover charge then fuck it go have a blast, we did! This place really pops. Towards the end of the night they started playing more of the mainstream hiphop music but i guess it was ok after listening to electronic beats all night.
EPIC!. . You can't say you've been to Vegas unless you've been to XS! Awesome music, really good drinks, spacious dance floor, spectacular sound system and not to mention, they have the perfect ladies room! . . I love how the place has managed to stay classy and elegant despite the craziness in Vegas! I don't think any other club in Vegas can beat XS!. . Definitely the best club I've ever been to. Kudos!
Cover is steep, so do whatever you need to to get around that, but once you're in that door you immediately realize that even if you paid cover, it's all COMPLETELY worth it! . . This is one of (if not THE) hottest clubs on the strip right now, and it shows. It's huge, it's opulent, it's expensive, but most of all it's loud!. . Here's a couple of notes:. . - Dress well, it'll definitely go a long way with the crowd, don't even think about jeans.. - You WILL be leaving with confetti all over you, so just be prepared for that. . - If you're on the dance floor, be prepared for pushing and shoving all night because it's PACKED... but it adds to the fun.. - The opening DJ sucks. Be prepared for that. . - Drinks aren't cheap by my standards, but by Vegas standards... it doesn't matter because you're in the most fun place on earth. I pre-gamed pretty hard, so it wasn't an issue.. . ... I think that's it.
The BEST club in LV hands down!! =). . My fave club to go 2 in Vegas =). . Beautiful people, beautiful club & great DJs =). . Big dance floor which opens up to the outside pool area so it's not stuffy/ stinky of cigarette smells. =). . There are guest lists, you just need to know a promoter & you'll get in free =)
Great club, got to see Redfoo of LMFAO guzzle Red Bull and vodka through a funnel. Vacation successful. Get here early!! It does get crowded.
Some friends and I went on a Sunday and we had an amazing time.  The place was done up super fancy, the crowd was enthusiastic, and some of us couldn't remember bits of the night afterward (always the hallmark of a great night out).  The music was almost exclusively techno/house music, which was fine (we were sloshed enough with alcohol that we probably could have danced to upbeat classical and been happy), but some variety would have been nice. . . PROS:. *VERY pretty - it was very dark in there, but you could tell (and can tell from pictures) that the decor isvery lively.  It was also pretty spacious, despite the mass of crowds there.. *Sparkle from the sky! - every once in a while, they'd release big pieces of confetti from the ceiling, which was pretty nice.  Unfortunately it kind of got into our drinks, but that's what the straws are for!. *Strong drinks - Maybe we just had strong-TASTING drinks, but I thought they were stronger than the average drink you'd get at open bar.  Which is what we did, because we didn't believe in buying drinks in Vegas.  . *Good-looking people - always a plus.  If you MUST be involuntarily pressed against a stranger, it's best if the stranger is attractive, in my opinion.  Even better if the stranger has a fancy European accent.  Swoon.. *Not too packed - the dance floor was pretty full, but people weren't actively shoving each other and more just squeezed through.  And there was enough room for my girlfriends and me to carve out our own little circle.  . *Seating! (kind of) - there's some ledges between tables on the perimeter of the dance floor, and people didn't seem to mind when you sat on them.  Which is always nice after a few hours of dancing and  your feet are killing you. Some places, there's NO places to sit at all, it feels like.. *Efficient lines in - the lines going in were very efficient, and although it was kind of long when we got there, we were in the club in 10 minutes.. . CONS:. *Stairs - They're not big flights of stairs, more like two or three steps.  But when it's dark and you're tipsy and the strobe lights are kind of making you dizzy, I feel like people could possibly trip on them.. *Slightly pissy bartender - Our bartender seemed to be in a bad mood, but since we only interacted with him for all of five minutes, and it was open bar, we couldn't really complain.  No tip that time though.. . Summary: Amazing nightclub if you want to have fun and dance and see beautiful people.  If the music isn't quite to your taste, make a beeline for the bar, take a drink, and repeat until it is =)
Probably my favorite vegas club so far. They get just as many big electronic artists as Marquee but it's less douchy, more fun, and cover is usually less. It's annoying that the headliner doesn't come on till after 1:30, but that's pretty typical in vegas.
This club was amazing. The place was huge and also had an outdoor section with a pool. We had bottle service so we bypassed the huge line. But then there was another line for bottle service. Went by quickly though. Service was excellent and the waitresses and bartenders are some of the hottest women I've seen. Music was mostly euro/techno crap but after a few drinks we didn't care. Will.I.Am was a guest DJ so there was some hip hop towards the end of the night. All in all, it was an epic night!
Standing in line is poor. Get line passes and rock your best. Tons of bars means lots of not having to wait, which is great in Vegas. They have Blackjack and War, so sit, play and drink for free while you watch the 20 somethings make fool of themselves.
XS is by far one of the hottest clubs in Vegas right now. I went here on a Friday night, and the experience was absolutely amazing. . . I arrived there with my girlfriend around 11:15am. We hadn't purchased tickets ahead of time and consequently had to wait in the normal line for about 1 - 1.5 hours. Cover was $50 for guys, and $20 for girls, but it was so worth it. I would definitely recommend buying tickets ahead of time if you can; you get to skip the huge normal line and go right to the front with a ~5 - 10 minute wait.. . The club was super packed inside and consequently insane. I bought 2 AMF's, which were $17 each and pretty strong (a good thing if you're paying $17 for a drink...). Hard Rock Sofa was playing that night and everyone was super into the music, fist pumping, and having a good time. If you're in Vegas and in need of some good clubbing action with some loud EDM, be sure to check out XS. It's a must.. . Tip: buy tickets online to avoid waiting 1 - 1.5 hours!
This place never disappoints me. Great atmosphere and love the the entire lay out of the club.  I love how we can get our feet wet in the pool and get some fresh air near the pool before heading back into the dance floor like sweaty pigs. . . We got an outdoor table right in front of the pool, facing the dancefloor on a crowded Saturday night. But the service was great here. From the guy that walked us to our table, to the guy who bused our table. . . Me and my friends were coming back and forth from the dancefloor, to our table, and then the to war  and blackjack tables. There was just a variety of things to do for everyone. We had one friend who wanted to dance all night, another that wanted to drink goose all night, and one that just wanted to gamble all night. So it really met the needs of everyone in the group. . . This is definitely the place to be !
BEST club in vegas in my opinion.  Always pack and an attractive crowd.  Table service is great and table locations are great.  Bottle prices are standard Vegas prices but if you're there you should be expecting to spend the money.  Tables sit a good amount of people and have good space!  Great party atmosphere.  The staff is great here and the bouncers are cool.  Enjoy your time here and get ready to rage!!!
The sickest club in Vegas.  I've seen Skrillex, Afrojack, Calvin Harris, and Deadmau5 all here.  Yes, lines can be long, but as others have mentioned pre-sale tickets are the way to go.  They will, at the very least, significantly shorten the wait if you show during prime time (11:00 -1:00).  . . Although, last time I came here we made the mistake of showing up last minute, no pre sales, and the line was looonnnng.   We were able to pay a promoter-type guy ($40) who was pacing up and down the ridiculously long line playing on his phone, and he escorted us to the front.  However, because Calvin Harris was playing that night, they were still charging a $75 entry fee for guys and some cover charge for girls, too.  Whatever, it's Vegas.  . . Once you're in though, it's on: this place has got some serious atmosphere.  Definitely filled past capacity even though it's huge, and pretty chaotic at times, but if you're not uptight and know how to have fun (like me) then you will have a blast.  I've spent many memorable evenings here with my fiance and my girls, and no other club compares to it.  Not San Diego's, not Hollywood's, not even Spain's.  Enjoy!
Best. Night. EVER!!!!  This was my first time in Vegas - so don't laugh if this review is ridiculous hahaha.. . Girlfriend and I were approached by a promoter on the strip Monday morning...had no idea what craziness we were in store for.... . Took a taxi to Encore around 11PM, Drew (promoter) gave us a free drink ticket to get a small mixed drink at the bar right outside XS.  Since we got there before midnight, the bouncers also gave us 2 more free drink tickets for when we got inside XS.  We walked in with Drew and 2 other girls he had "scouted" 10-15min later and sat down at a table with about 8-10 other ladies...it was so weird.  A bunch of suited up male promoters just kind of stood around guarding us - we def joked around that they were gonna start auctioning us off soon.... . They started off with buckets of free Moet...no joke.  Like the cheap Asian in me was about to start crying.  I felt classy as balls.  Then they brought a bunch of carafes of mixers but we wanted to go dance so the four of us girls went to the bar to get our free drinks.  The bartender was super friendly and quick, and glasses were durable plastic, so I didn't feel awkward bringing it on the dancefloor.  We went and danced for a while, ran to the bathroom (which is SOOO pretty - love the lit up mirrors), got another drink, danced for a bit and then went back to our table.. . Waiting for us when we arrived.....GREY GOOSE!  God I think I drank more than my rent costs that night - for free ninety nineeeee!!  . . Morgan Page was DJing - HE WAS AMAZING!  He seemed like he had a great time on stage, and was super friendly when we briefly got to meet him after his set.  They threw out these awesome flashing light sticks, tons of confetti, and overall made the night an experience I will never forget!  People were actually really nice on the dancefloor - no pushing or random guys surprise grinding up on you and it was easy to get to the front of the stage.. . The place started emptying out around 4am-ish.  Also, maybe this is a Monday night thing - but there were so many pockets of really old men!  I mean, like 50-60 year old salt and pepper hair old....some of them were kind of gross but most of them were respectful!  . . tldr; if you're a young, semi-attractive (god that makes me sound so douchey) girl - try to find a promoter that will get you free bottle service and a table...a must go if you're in Vegas!
XS IS SERIOUSLLLLYYY MY FAVORITE CLUB IN VEGAS SO FAR!! :D. . Every time I make a Vegas trip, I always have to save a day for XS :D.. . First time in Vegas: XS, Sunday night, David Guetta was performing. My 3 girlfriends and I were on the guest list so we went into a separate line (I always feel like such a princess when I'm in Vegas haha!) Once we got into the club, I was so amazed with everything! We sat down and guys were already approaching us with cranberry volka and red bull volka. Yummmm! I'm not going to lie, but that stripper pole is amazing!! Especially because it got really crowded that night because it was the Sunday of labor day weekend. It was so crowded that I was not able to walk anywhere so my friends and I danced at the stripper pole area. These guys approached us to join their VIP table and of course we said yes. :). I had an amazing time! XS always treats me right!. . Second time in Vegas: Friday night, April 5th, 2013. David Guetta was also performing.. It was a lot less crowded this time. I was able to get onto the dance floor to see David Guetta up close! It was a wonderful experience. :). . . What I really like about XS is the pool area. I love how they open the pool so we can soak our feet in it. Come on girls! Being able to take off your heels and soaking them in water feels so good! . . XS usually only have an all girls guest list, so make sure your guy friends buy presale tickets to skip the crazy long line! . . Oh XS also gives girls on the guest list a free complimentary drink! :D
I go to vegas 3 or 4 times a year and I have been to most clubs/lounges/pool parties. This is the best club in vegas right now. Better than Marquee in my opinion. It is so huge and so much fun. They play mostly house music which is awesome and the crowd is just unbelievable. I have never seen more beautiful people in my life in one club, men and women. Everyone is dressed nice. Its a good mix too unlike Tao which has all asian girls and black guys. I am not being racist, it's just the damn truth and I am very observant. So yeah, XS has good looking people and so much variety. I even saw a 60 year old asian lady who could have been my mom rocking out. If that's not awesome, I don't know what is.
XS, XS, XS. I just can't get enough of you. This is definitely the best nightclub I've ever been to. Everything from the pool to the stage to the people screams gorgeous - it's the pinnacle of everything Vegas, complete with the top DJs in the world spinning here multiple nights a week. Everyone that I've ever encountered here is always in a great mood, has high energy levels, and always looks like they're having the time of their life, as people should be when they're in Vegas. Definitely THE best nightclub to visit when you're in Vegas.
Saw Avicii on a Friday night and he was awesome.. . Loved this place.. Great music, great crowd, clean pool, small dance floor.
I've had the chance to visit Hakkasan and XS this past weekend and let me tell you that XS completely blows it out of the water on almost every level.  Sure Hakkasan has exclusive contracts with deadmau5, tiesto, and calvin harris but XS' 2013 residency lineup is nothing to scoff at: Porter Robinson, Knife Party, Avicii, Steve Angello, Eric Prydz, Afrojack, etc.   But an amazing club experience from a consumer's standpoint is more than just who comes on the decks at 1:30AM.  . . There are a plethora of factors, both tangible and intangible, that these new clubs neglect that ultimately leads me to the conclusion that XS remains the best club in Las Vegas over Hakkasan and Marquee.  Here are a few reasons:. . 1) Hakkasan should be renamed Hakkastairs due to the massive amount of stairs that you cannot avoid and you MUST take to even get into the main dance floor.  This is also a major problem with Marquee's presale line as you HAVE to walk up like 10 flights of stairs to get to the main dance floor.  Have fun with that in your 5 inch heels ladies.. . 2) No outdoor patio area?!?!  Is this real life?  No pool? What is this 2006?. . 3) No gambling section?!?  No water fountain??  No I don't want to pay 9 dollars for your bottle of water.  And give me the option to play blackjack and lose $1000 but at least I get a couple free drinks.. . 4) With XS and Marquee, when you have a presale ticket, you never have to wait more than 10-15 minutes.   Hakkasan's presale line took approximately 1 hour. . . 5) No re-entry stamps at Hakkasan....seriously?  But what if its just me and a couple of my guy friends and we get there at 9:00PM just to get stamps with the intention of coming back at a more reasonable Vegas club time at 11:30ish?  . . 6) Hakkasan was such a letdown that my friends and I left before the headliner even came on.  Hakkasan is like a nicer marquee (inside only as there is no outside to hakkasan).  To Hakkasan's credit, they have a very spacious dance floor and their production value of their lights and lazers is unmatched but a club experience is more than that and XS beats Hakkasan down badly when it comes to every other relevant factor. . 7) I've heard that Hakkasan charges 43% on top of your table minimum... Now I see how they are paying abnormally above market prices for deadmau5, tiesto, and calvin harris.  This is absurd.. . Unfortunately the hype for Hakkasan was too big since it was supposed to be the XS killer but just like Marquee, they both fall very short of the top tier in which XS stands alone.. . Now we get to see Light take its shot on Memorial Weekend.. . TLDR; Hakkasan was overhyped and I was very underwhelmed.  XS remains the best nightclub hands down for a variety of factors.
Came here for Sunday night swim.. Had a great time... Girls were friendly, most were attractive and outgoing. Next time I will bring some board shorts with to take a swim...having the BJ tables outside was a nice touch as well. Overall a great experience.
Want to have a guaranteed good time in Vegas?. . XS is where it is at.. . Rotating resident DJs that know how to throw together an energetic set. Both an Indoor and outdoor venue so you can both dance hard or chillax hard to your preference.. . I've noticed all the Vegas night and day club reviews on Yelp are pretty accurate. There is a reason why XS is trailblazing.
I cannot NOT write a review update for XS every time I pay a visit in Vegas!. . We went here because my group of friends really like this club and it is my favorite on the strip! Oh and of course because they had Steve Angelo playing on the night we went!. . Just a little tip for the guys! Get your tickets ahead of time especially if they have some big name DJ spinning for the night! You'd probably pay more at the door! Lines at XS can get really long, but it ALWAYS moves fast! The dance floor can get really packed but XS is pretty spacious and there's always the outside area! There is a bar out there as well, so you don't have to squeeze your way through the bar indoors! . . The atmosphere outside is nice, and it's what sets this club apart from the others on the strip!. . 5/5 Recommended!
fuck yes!. . (that is all that needs to be said of this establishment)
AH-MAY-ZING!. Lemme hear that again?. AHHHH MAAYYYY ZINGGGGG!!!!. . My first experience here was honestly not that great, but we stayed mostly indoors. This time, my group and I took a long walk all around this spacious, beautiful club and enjoyed the sights and music. Bathrooms (CLEAN!) are conveniently located both inside and outside, making it easy to run over there once the seal has broken. Tables were wide and spacious, and the benches/mats set into the pool were wonderful. Once your feet are tired, taking a dip and dancing in the water is fun too. Just don't dive in, as you will be escorted out by the bouncers. Music is wonderful--I rarely have a bad night when it comes to music at XS. Poles are located inside to twirl around if you got the skills (but please don't if you don't know how...you'll just embarass yourself). . . I came for Afrojack and he blew my mind! Amazing DJ, chilling by the pool with my (watered down) drink, and watching pretty visuals on the screens outside was just great. Overall, a wonderful experience. The dance floor (especially in the middle) is a sausage fest though (shirtless men walking around trying to grind you UGHHHH) so do be wary.
Favorite night club in Vegas by far. . +1 star for the sheer atmosphere... beautiful people. +1 outdoor/indoor space. Pool...bar in pool...awesome. . +1 for artists that come to XS. Got to see one of my faves Afrojack. Good times!. +1 cool decor and lighting. Great sound all around the venue. +1 for nice staff and location. . You really can't go wrong with coming here. Sure, like any Vegas club it will get crowded especially on the weekends but it's posh. People mostly dressed to the nines all having a great time. Music is always on par and if you're lucky to see an artist/DJ there it's sure to be a blast. . Whether you want to jam indoor or outdoor it's a great spot. The lighting and atmosphere of the place is amazing. They really did a nice job with this place. Highly recommended for your Vegas visit.
I LOVE this club! It is beautiful and huge. There is plenty of room to dance and people watch. The bathroom is big too so no lines! The DJ was Afrojack so hello I had fun!
This place was the shit - best place we went to the entire weekend.  It was the last of three we went to that night... you usually save the best for last, right?  However, there isn't really any room to sit unless 1.) you have a table 2.) know someone who has a table, or 3.) make friends with someone who does.  By the time we got there (past 2am) I was already a bit tired of the EDM so overplayed at most night clubs, but DJ Warren Peace kept it exciting and even played some trap music later on.  The huge screen behind the DJ booth was a main focus.  The venue itself was lavish and pretty huge, but we didn't go out to the back.. . I can't say how much admission and drinks are, we got in through a promoter -- which is how I would recommend getting in.. . If you're looking for a real Vegas night club, this is definitely one of the spots you have to hit up.
Beautiful view, classy design and only top notch people are allowed in. They definitely have this place well-maintanened and it's still the most upscale nightclub on the strip.  There are also more places to sit down to take a break around the pool areas. The security and staff there are professional and very polite.  Compared to Marquee, the bar drinks are much less diluted (although still nowhere near professional bartender level of details and attention but I don't think the people there care too much).  Overall we had a lot of fun there and really enjoyed the ambience and setup there. Highly recommended.
One of my favorite clubs in Vegas and I try to take my out of town friends here as often as possible when they are in the mood for clubbing. I've always have a great time here myself. I love the beautiful indoors/outdoors space (important when it's ridiculously crowded and I'm feeling clustrophobic) and love the DJs here for the majority of nights.
I've been reviewing this place for years and yes, I have tried a few other clubs here and there, but still, XS can not be topped, in any shape or form. Marquee comes as a close second though. I made another video where 80% of the footage comes from XS, you can check out all of the previous ones from my previous XS reviews as well. Well, here it is. Enjoy!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVsUb5vHFeE
Out of the clubs I went to for my first time (memorial day weekend) XS was by far my favorite club!!! . . It was MD weekend, so it was crazy packed but I knew what I was getting myself into when I planned that weekend.. . I wenton Saturday may 25th, when afrojack was there. And man, I'm not a huge Edm fan but it's fun just to dance crazy with the music and not worry of gross guys trying to dance hella dirty with you. . . Anyways, i bumped into a friend on the plane who had a table for that night so we joined in his group. My girlfriends & I showed up before him but getting into the line was a breeze. Maybe it's because we were girls? Anyways nice and beautiful staff! . . XS seriously made my weekend! Beautiful venue and beautiful people!. .  I recommend getting a table (or joining? Lol) if you can. Because standing/dancing all night will make your feet hurt like a beezy (girl or not)
For my second ever time in Vegas, went to XS again on a Friday night for Above and Beyond's first night of residency at Encore.  It was AWESOME!  I love that they always throw out those light sticks - such a fun thing to wave around and a cute souvenir of the night!. . The pool part was actually open this time - walking through the outdoor area was realllllllly nice and way less crowded than inside.  Especially the bar.. . Found out that free tables for ladies from promoters are more of a Monday night thing (at least at XS and Marquee), so for cute girls (ugh sorry again for the douchiness) plan your Vegas trip around a Monday!  It's so worth it!  We only got 1 free drink ticket this time since it was Friday, and no table service :(  But again, (douchedouchedouche) if you put in the effort to look hot, walking around the table areas should get you invited into one of them - look for bachelor parties!!!  Hahaha shameless.  But seriously, be careful please!  I always make one of the guys pouring the drinks have a gulp of mine before I start.  BE SAFE KIDS!!!
WOW! this venue was spectacular! the lines were short even though we got there a bit late! they gave all the girls complimentary drink cards and we had no problems going in. we literally only waited for 4 mins and we were in right away! i like how the venue is indoor/ outdoor! the best thing about this place is that you can go into the pool and dance! it's a nice feeling to take your heels off and just dance in the water! i had so much fun here with my friends and i would def. go back! the only thing that sucks is that if it gets too crowded on the dance floor the bouncers won't let you thru but it's better that why because there is no way i wouldn't want to feel SQUISHED.
XS Nightclub is worth checking out at least once. It's one of the prettiest nightclubs on the Vegas Strip. It's too bad that the dance floor area is small and gets packed fairly quickly. At least it opens up to an outdoor patio and pool area where you can order drinks and hang out. The patio also gives you nice views of the Wynn hotel. The layout of the entire club as well as the interior design is very posh. I purchased a shot from a cocktail waitress, and it tastes great too. They also have chairs in the patio area where you can sit down. The indoor area is tiny, but at least the outdoor area is very spacious and you don't have to worry about it getting too crowded outdoors. Like with all Vegas nightclubs, always get there as early as possible.
I have been going to this club ... almost everytime I'm in Vegas! (once a month) I'm always impressed by the DJ's and also the atmosphere of it all - just people having fun and a really big dance floor!
This place kicks ass!!! Went there last night and this place has an awesome crowd, bombastic beats, 3:1 girl to guy ratio and top tier Djs!. . We stayed at the Wynn hotel and got in the club with no hassle or waiting (no other way to go, in case you need to crawl back to your room). We got a table with friends, but I'll tell you that all the action happens on the dance floor. Avicii rocked the place!. . Case in point, Encore Beach Club by day, XS by night! You won't regret it. Money back guarantee - ha/ha!
This really isn't based on a recent visit, but I've been there a ton and just really wanted to give you guys an A+/high five/gold star/pat on the back.  You all really know how to do it right in the clubs at Wynn/Encore.. . Gorgeous atmosphere, great DJs.  Just overall a perfect atmosphere and my favorite Vegas club.. . I'm also writing this because I cheated on XS and went to Hakkasan this weekend and realized what I turned my back on.  If you are reading this to debate where to go, just do XS.  I, too, was tempted by the promise of something new and exciting, but realized that I shouldn't turn my back on my true love.  ALWAYS PICK XS! :-)  This is a club with staying power, and I will be forever faithful.
XS is hands down my favorite Vegas nightclub. It's so beautiful and the atmosphere is so electric, it's awesome. My last visit was during Memorial Day weekend, and although it was packed, there was still room to move around and actually dance. I even took a dip in the pool and was very pleased that it was clean and quite refreshing. Also, David Guetta put on an amazing set after much anticipation from the previous DJs!
This is what a true really club is!  Love it's not a sauna in here. lol
Porter Robinson was tearing up the dance floor!!!!!  If I had on flats, I would've have been too, like getting a good workout haha. There were also some idiots on the floor who don't care if they hit people while they were dancing.  My friend had to shove one girl to get the hint.  Good thing she did, that made the girl go away!
STILL the best club in Vegas and maybe even the entire universe. I come here every single time I come to Vegas and keep waiting to get sick of it but I never do.. . Beautiful people, great music, lovely outside garden area, about 154 bars so you always have easy access to alcohol. The line's not so bad anymore either now that they have some "competition" with Hakasan down the Strip, although I still think XS is about 1,000 times better than Hakasan any day of the week. . . I was thinking about what makes XS so damn amazing and it has to be the fact that half of it is outside in a pool and garden setting. That and the crowd is very sexy and a good age range (think late 20s to early 40s) and in general is about as classy as you can get in a nightclub setting.
One of the best club I ve been to, music was great, filled with beautiful people, this was eveythin that you imagine vegas to be. Just dont lose all your money in the casinos, as the drinks inside ae pricey, but wtf its vegas. Garden area was a highlight. Will definitely visit again.
For me, XS gets the rare 5 star club rating. It never gets too crowded (even with big-name DJs) and I love how you can walk around and enjoy the music outside as well as inside. The outside area is spacious. Bottle service tables are inside and outside. Near the pool there is a bar and casino table game area. There are also 2 bars inside; one on each side of the stage. The dance floor has air conditioning blasting on it so you're not likely to leave the club covered in sweat. Since the club opens up to the pool area it also never gets stuffy. The sound system is great. The lights and production value aren't on par with other Vegas clubs but the other positives make up for it. . . Guys might as well buy their tickets ahead of time. This time when I went, the pre-sale ticket line was near the entrance to Encore. You end up entering XS through the back. Other times when I have gone, the girls-only guest list line was in that spot. You do have the option to do a girls and guys guest list with a good ratio, but the line was already long at 10:30. My friend and I were on the girls only guest list and got inside in less than 1 minute. Last time it only took about 5 minutes of waiting in line. The bouncers here aren't rude (as far as I have experienced) and even wished me a happy birthday upon checking my ID.
I have been to Vegas twice in the month of June, and have been to XS now 4 different times. Yes, its that good.. . With a ridiculous amount of clubs and bars to choose from in Las Vegas, this one will keep me coming back. I have nothing bad to say about it. . . Having said that... It can be challenging to get inside. If there is a big name DJ playing (which is most weekend nights, Fri-Sun evening) I would HIGHLY recommend getting advance tickets. If you are a group of all guys, bottle service is probably going to be your best bet. The lines can get really really crazy... and waiting outside for hours is just not fun. If you are a group of girls, you can get in free and pretty easy with some of the promoters (and even score free drink tickets), and a mixed even ratio group can usually get in pretty easy as well (I would just get there early!).. . Inside the setup is really nice. Decent sized dance floors, VIP tables are in good locations, and the outside of XS is really amazing. There are VIP tables all around the pool, in the middle of the pool is another bar and some gambling tables, and just plenty of room to hangout, dance, listen to the music without being in the packed club. . . The crowd is really mixed, a nice blend of mid 20s somethings to early 40s I would say. Everyone is dressed well and having a good time.. . Oh yeah. If you are in Vegas on a Sunday night, GO TO NIGHT SWIM at XS. Best experience I have ever had in Vegas. Dont forget a swimsuit!!
Seriously, this place is so good to my feet. Dancing in heels for more than 9 hours mean they deserve a break. I love XS's outdoor pool area, which is great for frolicking without your shoes. I love how they comp your drink when you get on the GL and get there on time (probably girls only). I've never really had to wait in line longer than 30 minutes--but then again we're usually pretty early when arriving. This is a spacious venue with plenty of spots to sit and relax even if you don't have a table. And if your lady friends are feeling freaky, poles are available everywhere!
Clubs come and go, but this place is here to stay. Monday (industry night) is probably my fave.
I went to Nightswim on a sunday night with Madeon! It was awesome - perfect weather, great beats, plenty of room outside to lounge or gamble, warm water in the pool, and a dance floor that puts you up close to the DJ! Sitting around the pool, you can see the DJ and watch the screens/  This was a great place to end my weekend! I got there relatively early to avoid any long waits! Will be back again!
This place is huge and the atmosphere is pretty amazing. I came here two weekends in a row. Despite the huge DJs spinning (Above & Beyond and some other one I don't remember) this place always has space for you to form your group and even sit around outside comfortably if you must rest your feet. It was nice being able to dip tired feet in the pool without bouncers coming at you.. . Being Vegas, this place isn't cheap. But it's pretty fancy. I guess the price is a good thing, since people are all there to have a good time, dressed nice, and dropped good dough to get in. Unless somebody is on something, you probably won't encounter douchebags who will get confrontational over nothing.. . Plenty of friendly people (I somehow got 4-5 free drinks from various random strangers my first time here), great sound system and atmosphere, chill areas outside, and plenty of big names in EDM playing quality tracks.. . This could very well be the ultimate club venue.
This is still one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas. Music is always good! You can soak your feet in the pool for the ladies especially if it is hurting.. . Drinks are not cheap though and it can get crowded at times. It is nice thought because you can be inside and also if it gets stuffy go outside.. . I heard over the summer there is a night swim. $30 for guys $20 for girls presale. I want to try this out.
huge dance floor, packed...huge pool w/ beds and table games...what else do you need for a vegas club?. . get there before 10 or else you will be in a line for an hour which ends almost at wynn.
Good luck finding a better club experience than XS in Vegas. Or anywhere else in the country for that matter. It has become a must-stop every time we're in town. Even our friends who despise nightclubs absolutely love this place.. . Perhaps the biggest draw is the combination of indoor and outdoor spaces. If you want to rage out on a crowded dance floor to an A-list DJ, it's simple, stay inside. . Not your scene? No problem. Take a step outside to find a vast pool area with multiple bars, including one in the middle of the water, and an overall spacious setting (you can still hear the music out here too). We found ourselves spending most of our time outside and probably had just as much fun (if not more) than those inside.. . Overall, hands down one of the finest nightlife establishments I've ever seen. You can't go wrong with a night out at XS.. . Some XS recommendations:. . As much as I enjoy bottle service, this is one of the few venues we didn't feel the need to get it and were perfectly fine with it. With so many different spaces inside and out, it was kind of nice to be able to move around all night and not have to anchor at our table (not to mention bottles here are among the priciest in Vegas). Also, with multiple bars, we never waited more than two-three minutes for a drink, even during peak hours. I should mention that we set up express entry via a third-party promoter which also influenced us not to get bottle service. It was $75, but that included our cover charge (normally $50 or so) and we were escorted past the line and directly into the club, hassle-free. Money well spent, especially for a group of seven guys.. . Bring some serious cash. Drinks are not cheap (even by Vegas standards). Pregaming is highly encouraged. . . If you don't have some form of hosted entry or a bottle reservation in place, get there early, especially if you're a group of guys. Despite the venue's large size, the lines start early and you will find yourself stuck in it without the proper accommodations.. . Excellent recommendation for a bachelor party.
Best Nightclub in Vegas!. . XS is beautiful from all points of view.  From the outside lounge area with poolside views to the inside where VIP booths are lined with gold trimming, this place is the definition of excess.  . . If you love house and edm, only the top djs play --- no gangster rap here.  I was invited by some friends to join them in their VIP booth and it was an experience like no other.  I've experienced bottle service at many clubs but the service here was impeccable.  Our hostess was attentive and kept the drinks flowing and security also managed to monitor anyone attempting to enter the VIP areas (nothing more annoying than uninvited people trying to crash your party).  Even if loud music and dancing aren't your thing just hanging out by/in the pool and watching all the eye candy can be fun.  It's the place to see and be seen.
Afrojack 7/6 = Amazing. Best way to spend my last night of my 20's. Well done, XS.
Was here Fri/12 Jul about 11 pm.. - My buddy and I had the   http://www.OnTheRocksLasVegas.com/ticket-information/  (3 Day Pass) wristband which got us in to XS without waiting in line and not having to pay a cover charge.. - My second time at XS and I'd say it's the best Vegas club overall.  Huge and plenty of bars (indoors and outdoors), cool staff/security, good-sized dance floor, gambling tables outside (only club in Vegas I know of that has the option to gamble).. - $14 Jack and Coke, free ice water, so Strip club drink pricing reasonable.. - Will definitely be back, ideally when David Guetta is playing.
Visited XS Saturday 13th July. My boyfriends brother and friends were visiting so we decided to pre purchase tickets.. . When we got there the line had to have been about 2 hours long, we lined up for about 30 mins, when we reached a second security point (checking ID etc.)  we were moved into another line with our tickets and at this point we got to walk by everyone in the line and went straight into the club. . . We walked in and this place is HUGE and beautiful. Drinks are pretty standard for Vegas clubs, I think about $15 for a vodka soda. The dance floor was a little too cramped and busy for me so we moved outside and danced by the pool. By the end of the night most of the girls in this place had taken off their heels and were standing in the pool, followed by a few guys too.. . The music was great, the atmosphere was amazing, the surroundings are beautiful. This is worth the visit when in Vegas.
I absolutely loved club XS.  Didn't have to wait in some horrible line for hours, we just walked in with our prepaid  tickets.  Our friend who was in the regular line, wasn't out there long.. . There are numerous places to adventure around.  A couple of bar areas, inside and outside.  Bathrooms super clean.  A stripper pole for anybody brave enough to dance on it.  Near the pool area, you can take off your shoes and dance in the water.. . Drinks tasted really good.  Let's just say my feet were hurting when I first got there, because of my shoes.  I was dancing the night away to Afrojack jumping up and down, thanks to those delicious drinks.  I stayed till closing at 4am.  It was one of my most epic club nights ever!  I'll never forget you Club XS.
I love XS so much.. . I love XS like that feeling when you get to sleep in and wake up next to your beautiful woman. Or that feeling when you find random cash in your pants pocket. Or that feeling when a total stranger says something super cute and it just makes your day.. . . Read my previous review for tips on the club including bottle service, lines, DJs, the crowd, drinks, etc.. . . @DJMAKJ opened up for @MADEON and it was bananas.. . both DJs threw down!! Got to gamble a bit at the tables inside, lounge outside by the pool, have a ton of cocktails inside and jam out to some great DJs.. all with some excellent company.. . XS, you have yet to disappoint. adieu, my love.
I've been to XS a few times now and have always had a good experience!  I celebrated my birthday there this past weekend on a Friday night and we got there around 11 pm.  We got bottle service and were told by the bouncer that we had to tip him $300 to get a table by the dance floor, or else we would get a cabana outside.  We opted to save the $300 and got a cabana.  The cabana was one of the closer ones to the dance floor, it was really big, and can seat up to 20 people.  The girls not wanting bottle service were on a guest list and got in shortly after us (along with one of the guys who got a pre-paid ticket).  One of the other guys waited in the regular line for almost 2 hours.  Always a lot of Asian people.
This is one of my favorite Vegas clubs. Ive had nothing but good experience here. Plus is right under my favorite hotel (wynn). The music is always great (they have good resident DJs like David Guetta, Avicii, etc). The staff is friendly and courteous.. . I love the layout, basically there is an outdoor portion with the pools and indoor club are. The Dj is in between the outdoor and indoor. This is great because if you dont like crowd and sweat, you can totally go to the outdoor part. This makes both areas less crowded. Best thing is, sometimes they have swim nights when you can be in your swim outfit and go to the pool. . . The only thing that this place lacks is lights and big LCD screens, but thats nothing for me because the overall experience outweights that. . . I try to squeeze XS everything i have a vegas trip because it is that great. You must check it out if you havent. You will fall in love it and keep coming back
As much as I try to avoid sounding like a bro, there really only is one word to describe this place: EPIC.. . I don't even know where to begin with this review. So much going on in one night! We were approached by a promoter on the strip on a Monday afternoon, and although we were a bit sceptical at first, it turned out to be a very good decision. (FYI, this review is in the perspective of a lady for ladies. Gotta help a sister out!) . . Upon arrival, we were given one free drink ticket to the Botello bar nextdoor to XS where all the promoters were waiting with their groups of ladies. (I know, it sounds sketchy... that's just Vegas for you.) When we got in line, we were given 2 more drink tickets for inside the club. Finally got inside XS and taken to our table! They kind of herded us in the tables (bit weird) and started with rounds of Moet champagne, which was followed by Grey Goose & juices to mix in. Mind you this was separate from the 2 free drink tickets. My advice: yes, it's fancy and free, but don't drink it all. There are some creepers lurking in the crowd below. I was really glad I stopped while I was ahead.. . Feeling a bit weird sitting up on those couches like we were on display, we moved down to the dance floor in front of the stage. Excellent decision. Morgan Page came on minutes after and we danced and danced and danced. Awesome DJ! XS also threw out these glow stick things into the crowd (which apparently is a pretty regular thing). Although there are your typical creepy club guys in the crowd, there are plenty of normal people and lots of other girls to dance with. We ended up having a fantastic time.    . . XS is so good, it has ruined all other dance clubs for me! Seriously. It makes me sad.. . Advice for the Ladies: Monday night is best! Find a promoter (they'll be on the strip, so don't ignore them) and get on the guest list for free table service!
You just need to come here to experience it !
This is the most beautiful, fabulous, marvelous and amazing bar/club/dance place I have ever been to!  . . This nightclub is way beyond XS (extra small)!  Itis a pool palace filled with intricate decor that is decked out from top to bottom!  . . At night, it is glowing with lights, which makes the whole place quite dreamy to be in!. . Add the pool outside, the multiple bars so you will not be ever thirsty and the surround music with plenty of people, then the place is just a perfect party gathering!. . I explicitly love "ex-cess"!
If there is one club to do in Vegas, it's XS.  This place is unlike any club I've ever been to.  It's incredibly massive.  You feel like you walked onto some crazy estate party.  It is literally acres of party.  . . There's a pool (which a lot of people swim in and dance in all night), multiple bars, a huge indoor club with a great sound system.  There's even gambling.  There is something for everyone here.  This was my third night in a row going clubbing, which I can only usually stand one night, yet I still had a great time.  Vegas is about doing everything to excess, so do XS.
Definitely one of my favorite clubs in Vegeas... the most important thing to note is that there is an air conditioning vent, stage left, next to the first table by the stairs... this is where you want to dance because it gets pretty warm in there and the air conditioning is a life saver!. . Ladies bring fold-able flats or flipflops in your purse so you can step out of your heels and play in the water!
Amazing club, will definitely be going back!
Hands down my favorite nightclub in Las Vegas! When you walk in you will be in AWE! The place is gorgeous! They have a pool outside that looks like an oasis. Make sure to get on the guest list of course. Usually with Vegas nightclubs it can get repetitive and have similar vibes, but XS goes above and beyond to give you a different kind of experience. Put XS at the top of your Vegas list!
I went to XS for the Night Swim with Lil' Jon and I had SO much fun!!! I was hesitant about going especially at a pool at night I was looking for huge crowds and just a horrible experience but it was amazing!!!. . So much room in the pool and around the pool! The only con is there are limited spaces if you didn't buy a cabana. But it's cool, the bodyguards are really helpful in finding places you can lounge around without getting in the way. The bartenders are fast and amazing!. . Some tips I would have is to get there early because the lines are LONG and if you have the money get a cabana but if you don't you will still have an amazing time!! I live in Vegas and my friends went to the regular nightclub and had an amazing time as well so I will definitely be at XS again!!! :-)
What an amazing club!! I am obsessed with the indoor/outdoor layout. You could be right in the middle of the action and then take a breather outside for a few moments. We saw Avicii during Memorial Day weekend and he did not disappoint! The only con was that once it got later in the night the dance floor maxed out and you had to wait to get back on. Drinks were very reasonable. We pre-bought tickets which was crucial during the holiday weekend so we walked right in!
One day when I grow up, I want to come to Vegas, go to XS with my friends, and leave without anyone vomiting.  But night two of my bachelorette party was not the time to experiment - we stuck to our guns, and the night was great while it lasted.. . I don't like clubbing in L.A., but for some reason Vegas clubbing is pretty enjoyable.  Even though half the XS crowd is from Los Angeles, the composition is lighter on the every-Friday-with-my-boys sort than the Hollywood crowd, with a lot more repressed professionals cramming one weekend with moderate misbehavior.  I've been back to XS a couple times since 2009 (with my repressed professional friends), and it's my favorite club in Vegas.  I like the open layout, and the interior is really good-looking.  The music is good, and the club doesn't feel too cramped even when it's crawling with people.. . When we came for my bachelorette party, our friend Jason W. hooked us up and got us in for free.  He then bought us (all nine of us!) a round of shots, so thank you Jason for showing us a good time!  I was wearing a white dress and a tiara and all that, and I remember at least one stranger buying me a shot, too.  It all gets kind of hazy after that - I'd pounded a full cup of Jack and green tea in the hotel room, while my friends admonished me for not drinking fast enough.. . In my memory, we were at XS for all of thirty minutes before I got sick and had to go home.  In reality, I guess we were there for a while.  There's iPhone footage of me and my old roommate standing in the pool and dancing, but that is the only evidence I've logged of that part of the evening.  I do remember snippets of my demise - on my knees in the bathroom, balled up in the cab line - but otherwise I just know that I woke up feeling awful, wearing pajamas, fake eyelashes, and a garter.  It was only then that I learned of the other casualties of the night.  Two of my friends had also gotten sick, including the one who was most responsible for my care - she held my hair, put me to bed, then puked at seven in the morning.  One of my friends cracked her phone, and another lost hers in a cab.  The drive back to L.A. was, uh, pretty rough.. . If you tally the lost phones and damaged dignity, I guess you can't say our night at XS was free, but we paid nothing to the club and got a lot in return.  We had a fantastic time, and it was a great way to end a perfect bachelorette weekend.
Love this place on Saturday night.  Even been here for a special event and they always go above and beyond.  The main dance floor is packed.  However there are plenty of places indoor and outdoor to find a place to sit and chill.
I'll keep this short and sweet. I bought pre-sale tickets to above and beyond which was a good idea because we waited about half an hour to get in. The place was nice, big, and clean. The people were dressed very well. Lots of good looking people. Some creeps. Sexy dancing.. Love it.
This is my favorite night club in Vegas and I've been to most of the clubs in Las Vegas and nothing compares to this one. The music is Great, they always have the best DJ's playing, in the Summer time they open the pool at night thats what makes this club stand out the bathrooms are nice and clean. I also want to thank Rachel for taking care of me and my girls we had a big group and she was able to take care of us on her guest list. I really recommend her for any of your future inquires!!!! So When ever your in Vegas make sure you get in contact with her. She will make your experience here at XS a memorable one. Her number is (702) 557-4160
OMG - best night ever. My friend and I went there when DJ Diplo was playing - he is awesome! I loved it. Super crowded though but it was totally worth it.  A lot of hot & cute boys and girls in the XS :)
Love this place! The ambiance says it all. My fav area is the pool area. Went there on a Friday night so the pool was closed but patrons were allowed to party outside and gamble. They had a few gambling tables set up for those who wanted a break from the dance floor or for those who don't care for the club scene but rather preferred to try their luck at the table.
Went to Above and Beyond 8/17. Definitely lives up to the hype as the #1 club in Vegas. Besides A & B giving an awesome show, XS gets 5 stars for having the open area behind the stage. Plenty of room to move around and you can even dip your feet in the SHALLOW section of the pool. Doesn't feel overcrowded like Hakkasan/Marquee unless you want to be in range of the DJ. Buy tickets in advance,  saves a lot of time.  Make sure you go to the side entrance leading to the pool and not the regular admission line. Despite getting super packed later on,  my crew had an awesome time! If your looking to club with room to dance and move around, XS is the winner.
There are plenty of reviews for this, and great ones too, so I don't feel the need to explain why this place is good. It deserves a great rating though because it is the nicest club in Las Vegas.. . It has a loungey atmosphere though because the outside area is much more peaceful, but the music is still out there, the pool is, there is a bar, and you can get bottle service. . . The interior is beautiful too. Drinks are expensive as usual though.
Let me start off by saying this: My first and only (so far) experience with XS has been with its definite highs and lows. So why the 5 star review? Because the lows weren't within the club's control. . . So my 2 friends and I got pickpocketed while we were on the dance floor, losing all three of our phones, as well as my credit card, some cash that I had on me, and my driver's license. Now, mind you, all of my belongings were on me in a small zippered over-the-shoulder bag (ZIPPED SHUT). At about 1 am, I was on the dance floor and went to check for the time, when I realized that my bag was wide open and my phone was gone. My friends and I checked the dance floor (to the best of our ability) and the lost-and-found to no avail, but I told myself that there was nothing that I could do and that I must've been careless and left my bag open. WE DID NOT EXPECT that two hours later (while we were on the floor dancing again) that my friends' phones would go missing too, as well as the rest of my belongings in my purse (which had been unzipped AGAIN). At this point we realized that we were in fact the victims of pickpocket thieves that deliberately went into our bags and searched for items to sell/use/keep as their own. We were all distraught, and I had no money, no phone, and no identification at all. That was when we decided to leave the club (around 3-3:15 am) and realized that there were multiple girls that had gotten their phones and other items stolen from their purses. The security guards were calm and helpful (especially considering the multitude of crying girls they had on their hands) and we filed a security report as well as a police report the next day. I would strongly suggest that girls be extra cautious with their things, especially around a crowd of people. Next time I go, I will definitely be leaving my phone at home and keeping my credit card and license in my dress or something. . . With that being said, even with our things getting stolen, my friends and I collectively agree that it was the best night of our lives. We came the night that Martin Solveig DJed, and although we hadn't heard much about him, his music was AMAZING. It was a perfect mixture of Top 40 remixed into club beats that lets you feel the bass running through your body. The drinks were expensive, yet pretty strong (17 for a long island) and the crowd was very attractive. As many have said, the venue is HUGE, which allows for a lot of mingling but even when the dancefloor was super crowded, it didn't get the least bit hot and sweaty like it did at Hakkasan the night before. Try and get there a little before the club opens. Sounds lame, but you'll thank me when you won't be waiting hours in a ginormous line. Just mingle at the bar for the first hour or so if you're early. I'm sure you'll find someone attractive to talk to!. . Coming from Boston nightlife, I honestly feel like nothing there will even come close to XS. It's actually a little depressing to think about having to go to smelly, sweaty bars again and having to dodge creepers left and right in the Bean. Womp.. . ALSO (for the ladies): NO LINES FOR THE (CLEAN!!!!!!) BATHROOM. And there are plenty of lotions and perfumes to spritz on yourself if you are feeling a little nasty.. . I really wish that we didn't get our stuff stolen. Not for the reason of having my old cellphone back and not having to cancel my credit card...but for the sole reason of us not having to leave early and abruptly. I will definitely be going back, but I will also be doing things a little differently. . . XS I miss you.
3 words.... . SUNDAY.. . NIGHT.. . SWIM.. . --. . Words truly can't describe the greatest party on earth but maybe this video will give you a glimpse at the madness.  Trust me its even more fun than it looks.. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imnI_Gd8NGk. . Now if that doesn't excite you I don't know what will cause I'm STILL BUZZIN.  Hell if I were you I would get on the phone with your promoter right now and ask him to put you on the list for this Sunday because this party only happens in the summer time, and we've only got a few more dates left fellas!  . . Hit me up if you want my guys number and I'll call in a favor.  Who knows he might even hook up a few drink tickets.  Just make sure you've got your ratios right cause ain't nobody got time for a group of dudes LOL. . . #vegasproblems #noragrets #bestclubever
Best nightclub in Vegas! Hands down...you can never go wrong with this place! If you're ever in Vegas and in the mood to go clubbing, this is the place to go!
Classy and beautiful with pretty girls, pools, and poles . . I'd recommend bottle service here for convenience
Coolest club ever!  Came here with a buddy on Saturday night for Labor Day weekend.  Place was off the hook, even though we got here hella late (at 12:30am) - long day at the pool parties and forever long taxi lines at almost all hotels... . The Most Important things:. . Good music = check. Good looking people = check. Good ratios of girls to guys = check. Stylish/modern layout = check . Reasonable prices drinks = fail. . Overall, this place is seriously dope!  Place gets crazy packed, thus it gets really warm/humid here (even at 1-2am), so dress accordingly. Most of the crowd was dressed nice, although I'm still trying to figure out how a lot of the dudes got in wearing t-shirts.  I thought it was pretty awesome that you could take your shoes off and dance in the water. Make sure to buy your tickets in advance, you'll get in really quick and avoid the nightmare of a line in front of the club.  Also, the taxi lines get CRAZY long at Wynn (like an hour wait) so bounce from the club around 230am otherwise you might have an extra long boring time in line were its even more hot then the club.  Definitely be back next Labor Day!
Came to XS twice when I was in Vegas. Once on Aug 18th for Sunday night swim (although it was closed outside due to thunder storms) and once on Aug 23rd on a Friday night.. . Beautiful club, beautiful people, great atmosphere. I don't usually like EDM but the music here was good, and I enjoyed it. I'm not sure what drinks prices are like as both times we made friends with people who had tables, however I'm sure they can be very expensive.. . The first time we went we got to XS at 10:30pm - my friend and I got right in! Second time we went, we lost track of time, and with long taxi lines we arrived at 12:30am. We didn't end up getting in until 2am!! We definitely learnt our lesson - get there early!. . It's such a beautiful, classy club. We were able to dip our feet in the pool on Friday night, which was good fun! I would absolutely return next time I'm in Vegas!
This is my favorite club in Las Vegas.  Not as dark and stuffy as the other clubs, but still plenty of people watching.  Good with or without table service.  I love that you can play some craps &?get free drinks and then go dancing in the same place.
Pool Party every Sunday night, so you BEST believe we went here this past Labor Day weekend. Not everyone got the memo, but if you opt not to swim in the 4 ft deep body o' water, there is plenty room to dance in various sections of the ENORMOUS venue.. . The scenery is quintessential Vegas- lined with trees and Roman-inspired architecture, simple yet elegant including a spacious pool with a bar not too far off, the female form glistening in oversize gold imprints on the walls.. . This EDM music was nearly universally danceable, partially due to the smiling, giddy awesome DJ that night David Guetta but also before/after his set. If you're coming for a DJ expect them on from 2-4am just about.. . Crowd: Attractive 20-somethings for the most part. And apparently the club was at its record capacity that night-  Guetta announced there were 10k people there! That's a lot of attractive people.... . $75 cover for men and $30 for women that night- get to know a promoter or go with a well-connected friend, or simply be warned.. . Bonus: You don't have to pay (aka drop a few Gs on a bottle) to sit! This is unusual for any nice club, no need to seek refuge in the ladies (or laddies) room- embrace it!
A huge venue, spacious, with plenty of outside room and a great pool. . . This has been the top venue to attend for several years. . . I've celebrated several birthdays here and had a blast each time.
My girlfriend and I went to Vegas for a Monday through Thursday trip deal we got through Southwest. We were hesitant about going during the week because we were not sure what the environment would be like on a weekday, but we figured we would check things out. The goal was to explore places we had never been. Our first night we decided to check out XS, and we are so glad we did. Rachel, one of the promoters for XS & Tryst, hooked us up with free entry and no line. She also gave us some comped drinks to start the night off. . . We were shocked at how big the venue was, and surprisingly how many people were there on a Monday night. Immediately, we had a feeling it was going to be a great night....and it was! We mingled with groups around the pool and danced the night away. The music was great! The crowd was young and fun! We even got a little "daring" and danced knee deep in the pool (I think we may have had too many of the comped drinks). We had so much fun and next to Surrender at Encore, it was our favorite club we visited on our trip! . . I told Rachel that I wanted to commend her for the great night she provided, and she has given me permission to post her number to contact: (702) 557-4160. Thank you Rachel! We will definitely be back. . . :)
Been to this club twice and both times had a good time. I love how the club partially opens to the pool patio. It's not a huge club when the pool is closed, so finding friends is easier, however when the club and the pool are open the space is quite large.
Came with three girlfriends on a Saturday night in July.  If you're a group of girls, it is IMPERATIVE that you contact a host beforehand to get on the guest list.   We arrived at 9:30PM, waited in line for maybe 20 minutes, and then bypassed the line, got in for free, and got a free drink.  I wouldn't go any other way. . . This is the most impressive club I've ever been to.  Its huge!!   We ended up spending most of the evening outside by the pool where it was less crowded.  There are tons of fans though so we never felt too hot (even though it was still 90 degrees).  We're cheap girls (no table service for us!!) but there are tons of places to sit outside.  . . The clientele here is definitely a step above the other clubs in Vegas (we went to Chateau the night before).  Most of the guys who approached us were well-dressed, polite, and not completely shit-faced.  The music wasn't really to my taste (house music) but the dance floor was so crowded that I didn't really feel like trying to dance inside.
Favorite Vegas club. I don't think you can have a bad night at XS unless you're actively trying to. . . Dancing on the dance floor isn't a death sentence since it's still a bit open and there's air flow. Kickin' it outside is my favorite because you can walk around, wade in the water and still be okay in your itty bitty dress because of the Las Vegas heat and your inebriated state. . . I love you, XS.
I had such a blast here.. . $35 to get in for guys, $25 for girls...ehhh.....Vegas...... . This club is large inside and had a great DJ spinning. But the best part of this place is the outdoors. We came here on a Sunday night and they were having a pool party. So there was a DJ inside spinning great tunes but the real party was outside, in and around the pool. Another DJ was out there, again, great dance music and people dancing in the pool. We got there at 2 am and the party was in full swing. No one was planning on leaving. Ended up staying until about 4 or 5, got our groove on and had a lot of fun. . . Drinks are typical Vegas prices but it's Vegas, you didn't come here to save money. . . Also, this place hosts big name DJs all the time. The night before we were there, Avici was spinning and they had Afro Jack and David Guetta on the books for upcoming shows. . . Great place, highly recommend you check it out, even on a Sunday night.
Probably the coolest nightclub I have ever been to in Vegas. Read any of the many reviews about this place and you will quickly understand why the line is super long to get in. One of the guys walking around near the line cherry-picking who he does and doesn't let skip the line was being a complete a$$ to everyone and really let his position get to his head, until he let me skip the line... then all was forgiven. Anyway, they had Madea as the guest DJ and he was great, although he looked more like a pre-teen little girl, but boy can he get the crowd going. Drinks were super expensive, but what the hell, its VEGAS! The only bad thing is that if you go when it is really warm, just know that the club is pretty much outside, so dress accordingly, knowing its going to be around 90 degrees. Still though, one of the nicest and most fun clubs I have ever been to.
One of the club promoters approached us on the strip during the day and asked if we were interested in going to XS at the Wynn. At first, I thought this seemed sketchy, but then we decided to head over there the second night. It was a great decision! I felt like a celebrity at this nightclub! . . The nightclub is indoor and outdoor with several pools. VIP seating is located both inside and outside with bottle service, but we just sat outside near the pool. Drinks are expensive, but this is Vegas, so don't be stingy. By 11 pm, the outdoor area was crowded, so we decided to dance inside. I had a great time! Many celebrities including royalty (Prince Harry), Jonas Brothers, Afrojack, Avicii, etc show up to this nightclub. . . I definitely recommend going to this club!
I love XS. Get treated like a VIP here. Lots of seating/ space. During summer months they do a Sunday Swim at nighttime and there's no dress code. Industry Mondays are a great day to get a cheap table. They have tables by the back bar so you can gamble. Get on guestlist with promoter for free entry, if you have to wait in line, good looking girls get pulled from the line to get in faster and reduced admission. Comp drink slips are good for up to $20 each. If Afrojack is playing, he goes until like 5AM. DJ is inbetween the outside and inside so there's no bad spot or table in the club, but there's only 1 room so you better like the entertainment for the night.. Dance floor gets SUPER crowded for headliners. I had to get saved once by a large Samoan bouncer because I was getting crushed. I owe him my life. LOTS of celebrities come by here and usually hang out by the stripper pole stage left of the DJ.. Great people that work here and funny locals/ regulars. Last time there was a guy doing magic for tips and he was AMAZING!
Everything I said last time about XS being awesome still holds true. . . Another plus--since it's partly outdoors, you don't have to suffer and breathe in secondhand smoke like inside Hakkasan. . . Still the best club in Vegas!
They treats locals like kings and queens. Great local quality djs and celeb djs. Organized staffing inside and outside. Quality filtered crowd. Clean restrooms and club. No bad odors in or out. Smells fresh, new and clean and worth bottle service. Girls are taken care of with drinks and entrance into the club. A great place for a B-day. The outdoor views are amazing. Bigger mass produced commercial clubs may open but there's only one XS. I like Surrender and Tryst too. Marquee and Act are cool.
Our group of 5 girls got to XS right before midnight and it was packed!  We danced for a bit on the dance floor, but my GF's didn't like EDM so we took a break to go get drinks.  Apparently it was Nicky Hilton's birthday that night, but I didn't even notice them coming in.  . . What I love about this club is the pool area where you can take your shoes off and dance in the water without guys bothering you too much.  Plus the weather outside was perfect for dancing since it was getting too hot to dance inside.  I just wished the DJ would have played a mix of hip-hop, top 40 dance so that my friends would have danced more.  The last time I was here, Will.I.Am came to DJ at the end of the night (1:30 am) and we got to see Usher and David Guetta!  I think XS will always be my favorite!
-Easy entrance with girls or a fat tip. -I prefer this place because they have an outdoor section that is easy to get too. -There are lots of poles accessible to girls to dance on and get ratchet.. -Theres a couple of ledges for girls to sit on...when you get too ratchet.. -Theres always a god dj here, but their lights aren't as fancy and trippy compared to hakkasan or light. But they still do the confetti drops and air blowers (idk the proper name for it!) which is always exciting.. -inside of the club isn't as big as marquee or light. No second floor, no hard stairs for ladies to climb or elevators. . BTW- girls, I highly suggest getting some type of wrislet to put your phone in. EVERYTIME (and this is atleast 4 times) I've gone to this club, there's always a girl trying to find her phone in the midst of a crazy crowd and a floor full of confetti and empty cups. So, fair warning!. . Promoters:. Rachel: 17025574160 also does tryst. Vincent: 19096460098 also does Marquee, hakkasan, wet and encore
If you go to Vegas you have to check out XS nightclub at the Wynn.  This is probably as good as any club gets.  Beautiful outdoor area with a pool...gambling tables by the pool.  I was here for Labor Day weekend...prices to get in were out of control.  If you're a girl you can get in free.  Guys had to pay.  Only downside to this club is the prices of the alcohol.  Cans of beer were like $12.  No bottles.  Didn't even attempt to get a mixed drink.  Great music!  Like I said this is as good as clubbing gets.  Every girl wears a little dress.  If you wear pants you will feel out of place.  I'm in my late 30's.  Crowd is 20's and young 30's.  It's a fun time.  Inside club is amazingggg with great music.  Must goooooo!
This was probably the best club space in town, and if you've been to most of the "hot spots" you'll know what I'm talking about. This place is huge, not to mention that it extends out into the pool area, so everyone's not walking on top of each other like TAO *cringe* . . The music was amazing the DJs were on point, I especially liked the streamers/confetti that were tied into the music, I know they do this at all of the club spaces, but I felt it tied in better here.. . I didn't have any issues with the line because I stayed at Encore and got complementary VIP tickets, so I was able to wave goodbye to everyone who waited in the general line which is a huge plus!. . My only complaint is the smell, which seems to be stronger in some areas than others, its really bad and after reading the reviews it seems I'm not the only one who notices it. . . But over all this is my new favorite, I plan on going here next time I visit!
fabulous fabulous fabulous!! the best pool party ever!!
Holy fucking amazeballs! it was a toss up if my friend and I were going to see Tiesto or Avicii that night in LV and just so happened that one of my friends that lives there said they were going to XS. Easy decision there. Got to the Wynn and found out that the event was being hosted by none other than Mr. Olympia himself, Mr. Phil Heath! Cover was $75 to wait in line, or $100 to skip the line. I didnt feel like waiting in line, fuck it. Get inside and theres gratuitous amounts of T & A rubbing up on you because its packed like a sardine can! the DJ was on stage pumping up the crowd, beats liberating the women dancing on tables, strip pole platforms, dancefloor, and even in the pool. The line for the bar was forever and a day...if you were a bitch about it...and prices were typical Las Vegas ridiculousness. made it from the indoor part of the club to the outdoor part between Wynn and Encore where there was a little more room to move around, dance, and mingle with the other clubbers. Didnt get smashed drunk like some people there, not baller enough like that, but thoroughly enjoyed my night with a lot of beautiful people in an environment that can only be described as electric! my wallet can definitely wait to go back, but I for one cant wait for my next adventure at XS.
My dear girlfriends took me to Vegas for my 40th birthday.  I wasnot going to write reviews about places I've been to in Vegas as they always say "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas".  However, it would be a crime not to share this place with my other Yelp friends.  We had a fabulous time and the most memoriable 40th birthday ever (not that I had another one after this).  We drank, danced, and drank some more.  The music was great.  Beautiful/young people were everywhere.  I felt like a grandma in XS but that's a different story.  This club was huge with plenty of outdoor sitting.  The dance floor was a very good size so I didn't step on that many guys.  There were pools outside so you could even strip off your clothes and jumped right in when you're too drunk to know any better.  XS exceeded my expectations.  However, the drinks were expensive.  You couldn't really sit down indoor unless you spent a buck load of cash for a table.  I didn't come here to sit down so it's not a big deal.  I will definitely come back for my 50th birthday.
Oh man. Living outside of a major city like London, New York, and Amsterdam, I am always looking for the best club experience when I visit somewhere new. After climbing the Hakkastairs the night before, I was excited to try a top rated club on the other side of the strip.. . Wolfgang Gartner brought world class dance music to an awesome venue. I was a bit put off by the massively crowded indoor dance floor, but totally enjoyed the outdoor clubbing experience by the pool.. . Great time!
Hands down--- thee BEST club in Vegas.. . They always have the best DJs, the best looking people and always offers the best time!. . I love the gorgeous and open lay out of this club. I mean, it's huge! In my first review in 2011, I knew nothing! Girls! Always get on a guest list. Find them on IG,  through a girlfriend, heck ask me if you need, but guest list will save you a lot of time and money! Every Vegas trip, XS is always a must. During the summer they even have night swim on Sundays! So awesome! . . If it's your first time here, definitely explore. The club goes back really far! I love soaking my toes and dancing in the water at the end of the night. Great times are to be had here!
First time seeing Afrojack live.  My friends and I came really late and so we got pre-paid tickets online.  No line at all.  Walked in and the place was packed.  I didn't think Afrojack would be great.  He actually was.  He paid hard music.  My kind of music...
Amazing! I came here a few weeks ago, and had the best time! Be warned you'll be dancing until the sun comes up if your not careful! Females get two free drinks, thank goodness as the prices are expensive, so pre drinks before hand are a must! There is confetti and ribbons the explode from the roof! Ahhh sooo much fun! Def visit if ur in Vegas!
Definitely the #1 club in Las Vegas if not the world. Always an amazing time at this venue! Being a female checking in is a breeze, the bartenders/security/promoters are always nice, there is SO much space and it is absolutely beautiful inside and out. Incredible DJ lineups and you can't beat the sound/lighting system. I will never miss out on XS when visiting Vegas. . . There are also gaming tables outside which is really neat if you need a break from the dance floor, and their Sunday Nightswim during summer cannot be beat!
It's one of the best clubs I've ever been to. It's pretty expensive, but it's worth getting the experience there. Usually has long lines, so we went there around 10:30pm and got in almost right away. I've read other reviews suggesting to get a table and we did. As I said earlier, it was pretty expensive but it's worth it. We've got a table near the pools, next to the DJ's - we could see the whole stage and DJ, as well as the nice view towards the pools and Encore.
I remember when I wasn't of age I kept hearing about XS. Mind you I've never gone to a club (I actually waited haha) ever since I turned 21 I go here all the time. They have my all time favorite Dj - Porter Robinson. I wouldn't miss his shows for anything! I always have a good time here except this one time someone stole my phone which isn't the clubs fault. Just some 'low life who can't afford a phone' fault. :( Anyway this is definitely a hot spot! Check it out!!!
This place was my one-stop station to get on the hot mess express. But I loved it. Walked in through VIP, bypassing the line, didn't pay cover, and then in the middle of getting our first round of drinks, mother-effing will-I-am shows up as the guest DJ. WHATTTT?!?!?! It was awesome. Plus they played some of my new favorite hits (BONELESS loveeeee Steve Aoki) Loved the outdoor part of the club. Ladies and gentlemen alike were attractive here. Had a blast and would definitely return if I'm ever back in Vegas!
One of the most beautiful night clubs in the city. You'll be standing in line for a long time so make sure you're at least on the guest list.
I don't know how many times I been here throughout the past couple years, but xS is always a must visit on every trip for me out to Vegas.. . Hand's down my favorite venue and possibly the most beautiful club in Las Vegas.  If you aren't familiar with it, xS consists of an inside main room and also an outdoor patio/pool area. The venue itself is HUGE..easily fits in 1000s of people if you count the outside area.. . Easiest way to get in is with BOTTLE SERVICE...haha no shit right? But it's true. Main room tables go easily in the 5k minimum range (depending on DJ talent) and tables are cheaper in the outside area. If your hosts tell you to arrive early MAKE SURE YOU DO, because xS sells out. So if you're getting a lower end table be sure to follow through with your host or else you're table will get sold and you'll have to grease your way into acquiring another table. I seen the bottle line be as long as general admission lines at other clubs sometimes. . . Other then that, girls always get the easy entrance. But for my male counterparts out there, the easiest way to get in without dropping a couple grand for bottle service is with with presale tickets. You pay about half of the door cover price. Highly recomended if it's a big name DJ like Avicii, David Guetta, or Afrojack.. . My favorite party in town is xS Sunday Night Swim. Nighttime pool party on Sunday nights in the summer. I always used to leave Vegas on Sunday until I discovered this party, now I always stay on Sunday nights! And don't look like a newbie, majority of people show up in dayclub attire!. . If you're looking for less of a tourist crowd and less hassle to get into the club, Monday nights is xS industry nights. Bottle minimums are alot lower and its super easy to get inside. . . I've never had a bad time here and i love partying at Wynn/Encore!
This is my favorite club in Vegas.. . I came here a couple of weeks ago with my girlfriends. We got in for free and got a free drink card for a cocktail up to $20. When we got in at 10pm on Friday night, it was pretty empty, but after an hour, it was filling up. . . My girlfriends and I had a great time dancing and mingling with guys. Then, without any notice, Deadmau5 came up and starting DJing. The whole club went crazy! It was one of those magic Vegas experiences that you don't forget. . . I would definitely come back to XS. So much fun!
XS last night was so awesome!!! My friends and I decided on a random trip to Vegas and XS made it a success!! Thanks to Gia who got us in with complimentary drinks--we had a ball! Met some cool people from all over and danced till we dropped!
Hands down best club in vegas. Don't bother by looking elsewhere, this is where you need to be if your planning a night out. It's very upscale, the crowd is hot and the music is exactly what we were looking for. However, it's very expensive, 35$ admission, 10$ coat check, and 11+ for drinks. Bottles start at 450$. Still great scene.
Came here for Sultan and Ned Shepard.  I had an amazing time.  They're supposedly under construction so the outdoor area wasn't open, but that just made the indoor area seem more lively.  I went with two buddies and we pre-purchased tickets online for ~$38, knowing about our gender disadvantage.  Arrived at about 10:45 and got in a little less than an hour later.  Definitely helps to have a promoter but it seemed that they were just letting groups with girls in as long as their ratios were 1:1 or better.  . . The last time I went to XS they had only opened a small portion of the outdoor area, basically just some of the tables outside behind where the DJ was.  Even this area was closed off this time around.  I'm not sure how accurate I am about this, but it seemed even that Surrender is having larger crowds than XS nowadays.  I know one reason why sections of clubs are closed off is because they don't expect as much people but they still want to make the club seem crowded.  Whether or not this was the reason this past weekend I'm not sure.. . Anyway I really like the vibe of XS.  The music was awesome after Sultan and Ned Shepard came on.  Before that at around 11:30-12:30 it was pretty good too, but you could kind of tell the DJ was asked either to withhold from playing certain songs or to lame it down a little before Sultan and Ned Shepard.  Either way when they came on at 1:00 AM everyone had a really good time.  . . Drinks are more expensive here than at TAO, which I went to on Friday night.  Hennessy and OJ (which was my drink of the weekend) was running at $15 at TAO and $17 at XS.  Not that big of a difference, but it does start racking up.. . There wasn't much of a line for the men's bathroom both times that I visited.  . . XS will still remain on my list of recommendable clubs, even with new contenders like Hakkassan and Light.  In the end it's more important who's performing, what kind of music you like, and who you're with.  For me, XS on 11/30 was all I could ask for.. . tl;dr - yes.
Beautiful nightclub! Huge with gorgeous seating and decor with a pretty big dance floor. There are stripper poles to dance on if you feel so inclined. Also, you can go outside and stand near the pool where it's all lit up and it's super cozy. When I go back to Vegas I will for sure be going here!
So I've been to pretty much all the popular clubs in Vegas except for this one until this past weekend.  I must say this turned out to be probably one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  I love the nice open feel to it and the outdoor area, although the pool was closed and blocked off, I could tell it'd be pretty nice during the summer months when they don't have the area blocked off.  We had bottle service and for the most part service was great....Until next time...cheeers!
My first time in XS was in 2010.  Lots of things has changed since then but XS still remains my favorite club.  The music is great.  Always easy to get a drink at the bar.  The crowd is friendly.  I hear from many locals that XS is the only club they go to.  Regretfully, I only visit once a year.  Stay awesome XS.  See you in 2014!
Beautiful club with great music! I attended on a Friday night with a group of friends. We all had an amazing time. The bar was quick and efficient and the staff is super friendly and accommodating. Arrive early to avoid a long wait or better yet, get on a guest list. Shawna from XS hooked me up and she is super attentive and amazing with follow up! Be sure to get in touch with her to make arrangements esp on busy nights. This club has a diverse age group, so I felt in my zone as a 30 something year old ;) The drinks are poured generously and the vibe is incredible. Make this a must if you are looking for a hot club! I saw comments about it smelling bad, so I was wary because I have a super strong gag reflex, but I found no smells at all - super clean and well kept. The outside area was closed when I went, but I would not have ventured outside in the 25 degree weather anyway! CHECK IT OUT!!
I'm not much a nightclub person, but this place is incredible. Great drinks, friendly security, plenty of seating, an outdoor seating area, pool, and the list goes on.. . What I love most about this place is that they have an outdoor area and the club can get SUPER packed after 11pm so it's nice to be able to go outside and have a place to sit and get some air before heading back inside.
