good ambiance, great food. chicken phyllo packets - yummm! Very good portion sizes too. Not one of those metro type places that serve 2 tiny portions in an appetizer plate. Will definitely go there again when visiting! Fez rocks! =). . Come to the south bay area, or to san fran :)
fez is an amazing little find. great music. great happy hour. and quite likely the best garlic hummus anywhere. on occasion, julio in the kitchen gets crazy with way too much garlic, but it is outstanding nonetheless. i dont know if the prep cook is named julio, it just seems that all the kitchen staff is hispanic. . . the caesar salad with pistachios is incredible. before i became a vegetarian, i used to add the salmon. delectable with or without. . . to make aware those who may not know, this a gay friendly establishment, which means the waitstaff, manager and owner. there are butch dykes and the flamers, so there is something for everyone. as a result there is always quite the crowd to people watch. you will find older queens hanging at the bar and the young men who have just come out to the whole world and wants everyoneto know it. i do suggest the following game that i play when i am with my girlfriend at fez. . . as we frequent fez often, we have nicknames for the waitstaff. there is frankenaids, crazy heche and dragzilla. see if you can figure out who is whom.. . suggested also is brunch on the weekends. truly wonderful food at great prices, which only adds to the unique people watching experience. the martinis are quite likely the best in town, and i mean that very sincerely, for those who think im more tongue in cheek than a lesbo orgy.
I know, I've been remiss in my yelping. But this one is worth making the time to write for.. . Quite possibly my new favorite restaurant: FEZ. We tried it on recommendation of a friend and I'm so glad we did. It was difficult to make a choice from the menu- it all sounded interesting and fabulously yummy. Since my recent discovery of a dairy allergy eating out has become something of a pain for me, but on this menu I had trouble finding stuff I *couldn't eat. The waitress was really nice and on top of things- even came back to suggest I might want to grill my chicken instead of leaving it fried since there's a tiny bit of cheese in the breading. (Good catch! And appreciated!). . The food was presented beautifully and there was enough to keep both of us full and happy. And did I mention how amazing our dinners were? I can't wait to go back and try more from their menu.  Definitely as good as it gets.
Absolutely LOVE this restaurant!  The food is fabulous, the atmosphere is great, and they have some of the best servers around.  My favorite things to get are their bruschetta plate, tan-tan chicken sandwich, rosemary chicken sandwich and the flatiron steak - although everything I have had was amazing!  . . The bruschetta is some of the best I have ever had and my boyfriend and I always fight over the last bite of tomato and onion jam.  It's hard to choose a favorite between the chicken sandwiches, they are both so good!  The special feta cheese spread on the rosemary chicken really elevates this beyond a normal chicken sandwich.. . Also, they have some really great monthly, weekly and daily specials if you are looking for great food on a bargain.  Cannot wait to go back again!
Definitely one of our favorite good eats in town. . . The magical cinnamon and sugar dusted sweet potato FEZ fries with their special dipping sauce is extremely addictive. When we go with a group, we always ask for extra dipping sauce so it is enough to share among everyone. One basket is enough to share among three-four people.. . FEZ kisra is very flavorful. Lots of fresh and flavorful topping, one of my hubby's favorite on the menu. . . FEZ burger is a good one when you want a safe option to try out their food, if you are a little less adventurous. The field salad that comes with it is fresh and tasty too. . . My favorite dish is the Crisp Pomegranate Chicken. The sweet flavor of pomegranate dressing and the tender chicken breasts are beautifully complimented by the veggie and fruits that are placed below the chicken. . . A surprise item was the breakfast kisra. It was actually surprisingly good, even my father in-law did not mind it. He has always been a simple cheeseburger kind of guy, but has really enjoyed all the food he had tried here.. . We yet to try their desserts, mainly because by the time we are done with the fries and the main course, there was no more room... seriously, their portion is well worth the money!. . The only one thing I did not really care for was the FEZ lettuce wraps. . It was cold and a little too sweet and fruity for me. But again, I don't really like overly sweet food.... . I don't drink alcohol, but a few times my hubby and friends tried a few of their signature drinks and really really loved them. The list of a few favs: honeydew melon, key lime pie, apricosmo and pomtini. I did enjoy the virgin mojito here, FEZ is one of the few places I can actually order that.. . Seriously, take yourself out there now and give it a try. Treat yourself with a basket of cinnamon and sugar dusted sweet potato FEZ fries, and try out one of their dishes, your taste buds will thank you for it.. . Also, I rate their services to be outstanding compared to most of the restaurants at this price range.
My first visit to Fez will definitely not be my last!  The happy hour drink specials were a great way to start a memorable evening. I ordered the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries as a starter to share with my 4 companions.  They were perfectly prepared--just the right combo of crispy, spicy, salty--and the 5 of us were unable to finish them all!  We each ordered a different entree and every plate except mine was clean.  The Tangier burger was amazing with garlicky hummus, tasty manchego cheese, pesto, oven dried tomatoes (that thankfully were not over-dry and chewy) and a half pound of delicious beef served on just the right proportion of ciabatta bread.  I just couldn't eat it all, but look forward to having the leftovers for lunch today.  A great surprise was the extra large cup of coffee after dinner.  I hope my email to the restaurant will result in them telling me what blend of coffee they use...it was heavenly!. . The ambiance of FEZ is lively:  "sleek and urban" is accurate.  Early on a Friday night the place was crowded and noisy, and it does attract a 'young-ish' crowd (um, I felt 'old' but that won't inhibit me from a return trip)!  Another plus:  excellent service.
My favorite restaurant. Great food and always great drink specials. The ambiance is very cool, its a place you'll want to bring your friends and enjoy an evening. The staff is usually very friendly but they disappear often and its hard to get great service.
One of my top choices for downtown Phoenix. Always an upscale, posh vibe, but with very generous prices on entrees. Good looking people throughout this bar. . . The Kisras are VERY tasty and a good spin off the typical flatbreads at many restaurants now. . . Brunch here on Saturdays or Sundays-- great drink specials too.
FEZ is now on my "forever favorite" list of midtown establishments. With their awesomely late hours of full dinner service, creatively delicious dishes, and ALWAYS outstanding service, how could they not be? . . I've been frequently FEZ for the past two years now, but the reason for my surge of ardent affection, you ask? They turned my potentially lackluster Valentine's day into something lovely.. . The man I married, bless his heart, is just not very adept at the whole Valentine's day deal. And while I have come to accept this, his last minute attempts to salvage the "holiday" can be disappointing if not disastrous. . . Lucky for his forgot-to-make-reservations self, FEZ was a reliable, brilliant, and downright perfect choice for a romantic and memorable meal. Thanks to FEZ, my v-day challenged but quick thinking hubby was safely out of the dog house. Oh, and the hand-made cutie valentines card he presented didn't hurt either. . . Lemon caper tilapia, and apricosmo were divine. Best Valentine's day dinner ever. Thanks!
So everyone in the phx yelp universe has written a review of this place so I will keep it short.. . . Girlie took me there.  . . I loved it.. . The sweet african peppers breaded with goatcheese and deep fried is absolutely insane.. . This place is very unique. Absolutely deserves 5 stars.  . . This is all.
Great trendy place with knock out burgers, pizzas, salads and sweet potato fries. If the prepared meals here could speak for it's self it would sound like a Mozart symphony with a dash of Jay Z and Katy Perry to soothe your five human senses.. . Atmosphere is really mellow, relaxing and dimmed light setting which makes your company or people watching a little more easier on the eyes. Lol, ok so that was deviated a little bit but on a real note the decor and options of seating from the bar, high table with chairs(like barstools), patio dining or booth seating is fabulous for  consumers like (moi!) who like options.. . Also, location is great perfect for those who commute via light rail, and love that FEZ has reverse happy hour(HH) all week unlike other places who only offer reverse HH on weeknights and discontinue on weekends.. . Service is always exceptional, helpful and friendly. Now go and enjoy FEZ you won't be disappointed! :)
Love the decor, love the salads, love the burgers. Three types of french fries.  And drinks are fab!  All portions seem a bit big and prices are very reasonable.
I've been here more than a few times and appreciate most of the food here. It's very trendy. The staff is friendly and the seating is comfy.. . I love the lettuce wraps to the point where I've almost been able to make them myself.  The phyllo pockets are good but lots of flavor so some might not like them.. . If you like chicken, try the tan-tan chicken sandwich, with baba ganoush, green olives, spinach and some other nummy stuff.. . The cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries are good for a sweet side dish.. . The martinis are delicious and different. Try the banana split and the key lime pie martinis....heck, go ahead and see if you can try them all!
How have I not reviewed this place on Yelp?. . I reviewed them for Check Please, Arizona!, a PBS review show. http://www.azpbs.org/checkplease/. I could at least do a written review. . . I've eaten at FEZ so many times, I can't count anymore. I think their burgers are some of the best I've ever had in the valley. Always juicy, I think the square patties are adorable. . . The FEZ burger, with it's molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, providing fireworks for the tounge. Their Douxelle burger, with sauteed mushrooms, provolone cheese &  mustard, resulting in a subdued but delicious burger.. .  Their fries, which include normal, sweet potato, harissa, & garlic are also great,but I love the salad that comes default, including their lemon dressing. . . If burgers & fries aren't your thing, they have Kisras( think like pizza, minus the cheese), and their daily specials are amazing. . . One time, I was lucky enough to score the mushroom risotto, and it was perfect.  Sugar snap peas, . . Drinks are fantastic too. A margarita that doesn't taste like chemicals, perfect martini's, and a G-Spot(grapefruit, pom, and vodka), make FEZ a perfect place for lunch or dinner.
Be warned: Their sweet potato fries will haunt your dreams. They're so delicious and perfect and will call your name whenever you smell a french fry. . . Actually... I think it's safe to say that everything on their menu will haunt you in your dreams. I've never had anything not delicious and craveable. Throw a dart at the menu and I will guarantee that it is delicious. Don't even think about splitting something with a friend because you will destroy your friendship. . . The service is always on point, their bartenders are hilarious, and the ambiance is amazingly energetic.. . I LOVE THIS PLACE. Please move it to the Bay area. But until then, I will have to fly to Phoenix just to get my fix.
Great salads and very garlicky (in a good way) hummus. Do try the G Spot; this pomegranate and grapefruit based drink ain't virgin (1 will do the trick) and is only $3 in the afternoons. Great outdoor seating, too--especially if you aren't used to AZ's amazing weather.
Fez has delicious food and reasonable prices. The service is friendly and speedy. The atmosphere is very comfortable. Gay friendly. And the best Sunday brunch in Central Phoenix! Try the sweet potato fries. =)
I love FEZ!  I was first turned on to them when I went to Devoured and they served some kick@ss foods.  Then I took my old lady self and my little old lady girlfriend to eat there--asking first if she minded that it might be a gay hangout which is what I heard (she didn't)--and wow! I am so glad we came.  I had a turkey burger thingie with artichoke, red peppers, etc. on it.  Very good! . Then we ordered a tiramasu and split it--fantastic! .  I love this place, didn't feel out of place cause we were two gray headed old lady heteros eating there and loved the food and service. .  I hang out alot at the Phoenix Art Museum, so FEZ is getting another visit next week from me with another old lady hetero friend..ha!. Pretty soon people will be gossiping that FEZ is being taken over  by little old gray headed hetero Grannies eating there....bwahahahahaha!  We're taking over, peeps, so make way on that bar stool, honey!
Delicious.  Always great service.  Love the burgers and fries.
Great food and drinks. On the pricey side but worth it. . . I had the Fez Burger that has spicy honey molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on ciabatta. SO GOOD. The food is delicious and the drinks are tasty. Definitely one of the more modern, trendy spots to hang out. :)
Was in Phoenix for a softball tournament on the weekend of April 9th-10th and we had the pleasure of stopping in at FEZ for Brunch on Sunday...well if you know softball tournaments, you'd know that if we were there for brunch our tournament didn't go all that well lol.  Anyways...FEZ was recommended to us by a player on a Phoenix team and it was on the way back to the hotel so Brunch as FEZ it was.  There was 10 of us and they sat us pretty quickly. Service was fast and friendly. Everyone was overly satisfied with the food and I enjoyed my mimosas.  We had an awesome experience at FEZ and I would definitely go back if I'm ever in Phoenix again.  Fun little side note...we ran into our server at a bar later and he was a hoot...not to mention a cutie lol
Agreed! FEZ is Awesome! Great food & drink specials, excellent service, and a fun comfortable atmosphere...
Holy smokes, this place is great.  I had the FEZ burger.  oh mama, just great.  Service was fantastic as well.  I will be going back.
I've always heard this is one of the special places in Phoenix . . . but, I wasn't prepared for how much I would love it! Lots of seating, but still it feels cozy and comfortable. The kind of place you want to just sit and stay awhile. Food? Ah, yes . . . they have it . . . but with flare! Whoever is back in that kitchen has talent. Is there such a thing as "food talent?" Here there is for sure. Some folks call themselves "chefs," but, as we all know with one taste they really get bumped back into the "cook" category. Not at FEZ . . . this is a CHEF!. . My recommendation is to sit at the bar . . . enjoy meeting Sarah, one of the bartenders. Customer Service with a smile, red hair and PZAZZ!. . FEZ is definitely PZAZZ!
Simply amazing! The food was out of this world! We absolutely loved it!
I just moved back to Phoenix from Las Vegas, so I get to experience the magic that is Fez whenever I want now! . . I've taken to going Tuesday nights for Tini' Tuesday when they offer $3 martini's. There's not a better deal in the valley on Tuesday night. The Fez burger is an oral explosion with honey molasses BBQ sauce, cinnamon pears, and crispy onion strings! . . You'll find me on the patio all summer!
I think I've become a FEZ fan...  This place is Fantastic, Extraordinary and a bit Zealous when it comes to delivering a unique dinning experience.  . . Their unique menu options for salads, flat bread pizza's, burgers and signature dishes are extraordinary and delicious. It can be over whelming trying to order everything on their menu, so don't.  Pick what you are craving for and chose something you'll want to try on your next visit.  There portions are a bit large, so take a friend or two and share something different.  . . Go for the burger ~ their burgers are burgerlicious!  Try their FEZ burger ~ with their BBQ sauce,  a pear slice (yes a pear), feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro on a toasted ciabatta bun.  It is a mouthwatering flavor-fest combination that your taste buds will thank you for! Their Tangier burger ~ with a hummus spread, herb pesto and  manchego cheese is also very appetizing and delectable.  Their fries are fresh cut and fried.  Their spicy harissa fries are scrumptious especially with their aioli! The sweet potato fries with their sweet dipping sauce is also a good choice.    . . Salads, pizza's and other options ~ so far everything I've tried has been delish.  Their FEZ salad and Balsamic Apple salad are both very good.   The Crisp Pomegranate Chicken is also an excellent choice.  It has a very nice balance between the herb crusted chicken with a tangy pomegranate dressed organic spinach, roasted peppers, artichokes, chickpeas and dried apricots.. . HH ~ this is a great place to go for Happy Hour!! From 4-6:30 pm and late night 10pm-12am they offer 2 for 1 well, beer, margaritas and a $3 house wine! They also have different daily drink specials, like margarita Mondays and Martini Tuesday etc... . . It can get a bit loud at times, especially when the place is packed (which is most of the time). If your wanting a quieter experience go for a later lunch or an earlier dinner and take advantage of their HH!
I love you FEZ! If I wasn't married I might just move in with you. This place has "it" down. They have the wow factor and keep it going. The menu is diverse and has some really different items that are fantastic! They are vegetarian friendly, too. I love going out and having options. Happy hour is stellar (both food and drink specials- 2 for one or major discounts). We fill up on appetizers usually. We've always had great service and the waitstaff are FUNNY! . This is a very "gay friendly" restaurant, but you always will find a diverse crowd here. Priced as it should be, great ambiance and clean. . The dining room can feel a bit cramped at times, so I recommend the loungy area to the back, the bar, or patio. . Thanks Fez, you have never let me down.
Is it worthwhile to write a review for a place that has almost 500 reviews? Sure. Why not.. . A friend and I were feeling adventerous last night, and popped into FEZ based on a couple different Yelp reviews. It wasn't disappointing at all.. . There are lots of guys in this place. Lots. Very few ladies. If you catch my drift. . . The draft beer selection is not bad. Not great, but I've seen worse. Since we made it in time for the late night happy hour, we got the hummus plate (very garlicky), which came with very little veggies. For an extra $2 we bought the pita bread which was tasty. Then we ordered more veggies. For an extra $1. . . Two bucks seemed a little steep for pita bread but whatever.. . You get a TON of hummus.. . The vibe is very "eclectic". Lots of guys in hats. When I got up from our bar table to pay our tab, three guys clearly were trying to flirt with me. It was kind of funny. . . I guess next time I am at a bar in Scottsdale, I'll be more respectful before hitting on a woman. Now I know what it's like. Now I know.
In the Sunday, June 19th, AZ Republic they listed FEZ as one of the Top 10 Spots for "Yum on a Bun!". . How could you not want to just jump on your tractor, in your Beemer, on your tricycle, in your 'YO' truck, on Hi Ho Silver, or whatever your mode of transport is and rush on down to Central Avenue for a juicy half-pound Angus beef burger? Add some cinnamon-spiced pear, feta cheese, crisp onions and a really wonderful BBQ sauce  . . . .ahhhh . . . mouth watering goodness! . . One of the Top 10? I don't think so . . . it is the TOP ONE!
I have been back a few times and I keep forgetting to check in!  Boo on me.  The best brunches...  Today, I came for HH and dinner.  Like always no disappointment!  I had the chicken sandwich (pesto, lemon mayo, grilled chicken, etc. on a cibatta bun)...  One of my favies!  Second time have it.  I try to get something different all the time, but the chicken was too good not eat again.  Oh, we had our usual half sweet potato and S&P fries to kick off the Friday night.  Love u FEZ!
One of the greatest places to eat, especially if you have a group of people...treated very nice, great service, and the food is heavenly!
What an awesome locally owned restaurant.. Love it!
I adore Fez. Granted, the martini's are pricey, but truthfully? If you get the right one, they're pretty amazing. And yes...if you're straying from the burgers and sandwiches, the dinners can be a bit pricey too. But why would you stray from something as amazing as the burgers and sandwiches? . . To start, this is a great place for drinks..especially in the winter months when you can sit out on the patio and watch downtown. Well, okay...watch the lightrail. . . It's a great place to hang out with friends and we usually end up going to a few dinners here for birthdays. The staff is always fantastic, especially Thomas, the GM. . . I usually get the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich, which is a fantastic chicken sandwich. That, along with the cinnamon spice sweet potato fries is enough to make me do a happy food dance. Especially when you add their fantastic Pina-tini into the mix! . . I've also tried their Bleu Cheese Balsamic Burger, which is also great. In fact, the better half and I usually get either one of these, cut it in half and trade halves. And honestly? That's the best way to do it. . . The chicken phyllo packs are great also and if they have them on special, get a G-Spot. The only thing I wasn't too impressed by was the Fez Burger - too much going on with it. . . This place is a bit of a drive and really, there's not much to do around that area after you eat there. But, if you're looking for some different, good food, good drinks and a fun atmosphere? You can't beat Fez :-)
Then there are those times in your life when you want to impress someone. . . My friend of many years, SB was in town, and I had just one night with her.  She let me pick a place for dinner, so I said to myself, "What better place than Fez?". . Last time I reviewed this place, I popped in for a late night hummus snack, but I have since been in a few times for drinks (Get the G SPOT), and food.. . My recommendation is to get the FEZ BURGER!! This thing will change your life. I say that all the time, but I truly mean it. The ciabatta, the cinammon pears, the aioli....everything about it screams sex on a plate.. . As always, the staff was fab. If you bring a lady, encourage her to bring a sweater. My friend got cold, even though it was 104 outside. It's ok though. Totally worth it.. . If you are in the mood for an interesting experience, sit at the bar and people watch. Trust me. It's awesome and very entertaining.. . Fez, you are one of my most favorite things about Phoenix. . . Every out of towner, and every local should be a regular here.. . Foodie Heaven!
Fez is probably my favorite restaurant in the Valley. Every experience I have had there was a great one.. The food is amazing, every time I come back there I had forgotten just how amazing the food is and then when I take the first bite it is pure bliss. The menu has such a good selection, I always have trouble deciding what I want. One day when I'm rich I will head over to FEZ and buy one of everything. The desserts are delicious, at first I would always get the cheesecake with nutella, but eventually tried creme brulee and mousse which where just as amazing.. I couldn't ask for better service, either. They always pay attention to our table, and everyone there is so genuine and friendly.. The atmosphere is really cool. Everything from the patio to the bathrooms, I remember thinking how cool the sink was the first time I went to FEZ.. FEZ is without a doubt a great place to go, any day.
Wow, Wow, Wow....The food, The Service, Impeccable.  Love this place and always make it  a point to stop in when in the area.  I am not typically a big fan of salads but this place has the most amazing salads.  Love this place.
I am in mourning for Fez. Not that Fez has gone anywhere. I've gone. I realize that it's just a restaurant and that there are thousands of restaurants here in LA, where I now live. But Fez has never been just a restaurant to me.. . For my family and me, Fez has been the kitchen that isn't in our house. This is where we go when we need some comfort food and, more importantly, some comfort. We can walk in, any time day or night, and be cuddled, cared for and fed. Thomas (the GM for those who don't know him) is a combination of dear friend and goofy brother (younger, I guess, but I'd never say that to him). Chad, the world's most talented actor/waiter/dad always makes us feel wonderful. Chad always makes us feel as if his day has improved just because we walk in the door.. . When it was time for the launch of my debut novel there was only one location under consideration - Fez. When our anniversary came on the heels of a blown engine and serious crimp in finances we went to Fez for food, libation and comfort. And when it was time to leave the valley we ate our last dinner at Fez, joined by a dozen good friends and hosted by Thomas and Chad.. . So here I sit in LA wondering if I'll ever find a place like that again. I doubt it. Fez is just the right mix of people, place and food that makes it the rarest gem. I'll just have to visit Phoenix from time to time for comfort. And food.
Mother of Pearl!  This place rocks.. . My girlfriend and I frequent this place sometimes on a weekly basis.  We try to hit it up during happy hour so as to take advantage of the drink specials and the best parking.  Parking can be a nightmare, so try to get their early or, better yet, get a ride so you can indulge in the amazing selection of martinis.. . The ambiance is delightful.  It can get a bit loud, sometimes, but it's usually not too bad.  The interior design is modern and pleasant.  . . Our favorite dish is the Casablanca chicken sandwich.  It's amazing.  I also love their BBQ Chicken kisra, which is a fancy way of saying pizza.  Their kisras are big enough to share between two people.. . The bruschetta is yummy.  The sweet potato fries are dusted with cinnamon and almost seem like a dessert.  Speaking of dessert, we've tried quite a few and their daily flavor of creme brulee is our "must have" selection.  We've had the white chocolate mousse and it's good, too.. . The drink menu is extensive.  They do have daily drink specials, so take advantage of them when you can as the drinks can get pricey.  The G-Spot is a grapefruit concoction they offer for $3 on Thursday.  It's a big drink!  Their beer selection is not great, but they do have some local artisan beers that are worth sampling (Mud Shark, Four Peaks are two that I recall).. . The service is top notch.  The waiters are always friendly and know a great deal about the menu and drinks.  I've never had to wait long for a drink refill.. . Overall, I give Fez my highest rating because it's always a pleasure to visit.  The food and service are consistent in quality and everything tastes wonderful.  I always have a great time.
What could I possibly not be pleased with Fez's service, food, environment and drinks? Not a D@ng Thing.. . Opening the 9' frosted glass door always brings a smile to my face. I have to admit I do know the majority of patrons and staff inside but that is only because everyone is so happy to welcome new and frequent visitors. And on the weekends during Brunch you may get to visit with their very own music sensation Monika. Love You Girl!. . The Kisras are so easy to order when with friends after Happy hour. The Hummus comes "however you want it". . For you Folk who enjoy the Sippy Cup... FEZ has amazing specials for every night. Two to mention of course are the Tequila Night & Mimosa Brunch! . . Come Enjoy YOURSELF!
Excellent food and friendly attentive staff. Blue cheese balsamic burger is rich and pretty messy, but oh so tasty. I love that a side salad comes standard and that you need to pay extra for the fattening fries (I chose not to do so, yay me!). Good stuff.
the Fez/Switch/Ticoz restaurants are my go-to places and they should be yours too! . Fez's has The Best sweet potato fries. $3 pomegranate presses on Fridays are the only pink cocktail Ben the Beau will drink and he loves them! I've never Not liked the special of the month, including this month's Butternut Squash Risotto. We also love $3 burger mondays and cheap margaritas!. Oh! And I usually work late so i don't know what time "normal" happy hour is, but reverse happy hour starts at 10pm!
All about the kisras...I had the Gyro one with lamb and feta and balsamic vineager dressing, delicious! The kisra bread/crust is way better than a pita, which is resembles.. . The hummus is excellent, creamy and definitely heavy on the garlic. You have been warned.
Despite the name my girlfriend would not let me wear my Fez to dinner. Even without the fun hat it was a great meal.. . Walk in and you are greeted with a modern contemporary interior and a patio that has some of the best views of the light rail on central. The patio does have heaters for the 4 months of winter. . . The menu consists of salads, burgers, and some entree`s. We started with the full Marrakech salad 9.99. What was nice was the fact I split this with my girlfriend and they served it on two separate plates. This is great as it saves us from dropping a third on the table while we try to split; it also restricts my selfish nature and ensures my girlfriend gets some food. The salad itself was nice fresh spinach, orange supremes and a light dressing. . . Our mains consisted of the Veggie burger 9.99 with sweet potato fires and mixed greens and the apricot Salmon. 17.95. The burger was great, soft moist and full of flavor, the fries were crisp but it bit too desert like with the cinnamon. . . Our salmon was cooked perfectly, and the cous cous was light and fluffy. The apricot glaze was sweet but not overpowering.. . For desert we had the tarimsu. Again marvelous light decadent and nicely dusted with coco powder that I got on my sleeve. . Service was great just as the food was.
Been here twice and it's been so very nice! Both times, the staff have been very kind and the food have been great. I'll definitely go back here.
Thanks to my friend Michelle who is on a little Phoenix vacay while I'm stuck in Tucson, now all I can think about is Fez! The Fez burger with fries and one of their amazing bar bevies is my idea of a great time. Add the fact that the service is always spot on (at least the times that I am there) and the portions aren't stupid big, I enjoy it every time I go. I wish I were there now, with Michelle who decided tonight to blow up Facebook with delicious Fez photos, but I'll wait until Lindsey F has another large event and hit up one of my faves then!
Visiting Phoenix and decided on Fez for brunch.  I had their Eggs Benedict special.  Delicious and beautifully presented with a generous portion. It was uniquely their recipe with a Mediterranean flare.  The bread used for the Eggs Benedict was a pleasant surprise and added to the foodie pleasure. Now, add to the great food some great service.  My waitress was so considerate and checked in on me several times and kept asking if I wanted refill on my coffee, a big plus for a busy place.  I also enjoyed the light and airy environment despite the light industrial decor.  Definitely would recommend Fez to friends.
I was in town visiting some good friends for the weekend, and right after the leaving the Airport we ended up at FEZ for Lunch.  I loved the whole look of the place from the second we walked in.  Great space, and great vibe.  I ended up ordering the TangierBurger which is a grilled angus burger with hummus spread, herb pesto, oven dried tomatoes, red onions & manchego cheese served on ciabatta bread.  I have to say it hit the spot!!!  I will definetly be hitting this place back up when I'm in town again.
I have read about this restaurant a few times and always considered it but never ended up going. Finally my boyfriend & I decided to try it. WOW I LOVED IT!!! We had a fantastic waiter, I believe his name is Noah (can't remember that clearly after 2 bottles of wine shared between the 2 of us :S) If you're a vegetarian this place has great big salads! I got the fez salad (mixed field greens with toasted almonds, goat cheese, cinnamon marinated pears, dried cherries & pomegranate vinaigrette $9.95) SO GOOD! We split the salerno bruschetta plate $9.95 (six pieces: three mozzarella caprese style & three with mascarpone, sweet dates & cured pork) I ate the mozzarella ones and he loved the ones with animals :). My bf got the apricot salmon $17.95 (grilled salmon filet with lemon apricot honey glaze, pistachio cous cous & roasted vegetables). I was shocked when he ordered it, not very much his style but he LOVED it too! The food is great, atmosphere is casual but modern - and it's open late! I really can't wait to go again! :)
Love love love love love!!! $23.00 for 3 drinks and 2 of their awesome "bowls" at the bar! We ordered the FEZ fondue and the Gyro bowl. I was overwhelmed by all of the flavors of the Gyro bowl. That is probably one of the best things I've eaten in 2011! The drink of the evening was the G-Spot...some fruity red grapefruit concoction that was just spectacular. It was only $3 so we went for it. It was so so good!. . The restaurant itself is ultra-modern, in what seemed to be a somewhat odd location but I don't know Phoenix that well, so I can't confirm that. . . The service was spectacular and people watching was equally impressive. Great great restaurant. I highly recommend it!!!
Fez is swell, juuuuust swell. I love taking out-of-towners here or chilling with my local peeps on a Friday night. It's an attractive space filled with all kinds of people. Very welcoming and posh without feeling uninviting. The kind of place you could wear that hat in the back of your closet that looked like a good idea in the store. Why not? Sure you can pull off a fedora here.. . The veggie options are spectacular - though my one caveat is that you'll taste garlic in your mouth for DAYS after eating the hummus plate. Worth it. Wash it down with a damn good margarita and you'll be fine. Seriously, the margaritas are fabulosos. Happy hour and weekend specials are super cheap, and the service is incredibly friendly to boot. Alotta good goin on up in here.
FEZ BURGER!!!!!!! NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM!!!!! If you go here, you HAVE to try their FEZ burger! Talk about an orgasm in my mouth!!! I also had their Turkey burger, which was delicious! A little burnt on the outside, but nonetheless DELICIOUS! OMG, I can't wait to come back, my mouth is just salivating thinking about this place! Great atmosphere and great customer service!
FINALLY made it to Fez for brunch. After sucking down a few of the $3 Mimosas, I dined on the signature omelet. It came stuffed full of their yummy, yummy gyro lamb, feta cheese and pappadeaux peppers - a great mix of savory, sweet and spicy. . . Each of us ordered something different that morning, and there was nothing but the garnish left on our plates. Safe to say we all gave it a thumbs up.
Along with Bliss, FEZ is another one of my fav brunch spots. They have $3 specialty drinks (mimosas, bloody marys, bellinis...). The service is always quick and the servers are always attentive and very patient with my ridiculous modifications. They have a drink called a "g-spot" and it is fresh grapefruit, grapefruit juice, ruby red vodka and soda. It is unbelievable and on thursdays they are $3 (i think) The menu is different with kasras and stylish burgers but somehow we always fill up on the appetizers. The cheese fondue and the little pyllo pockets are my favs. Ive never been disappointed at FEZ and I absolutely will continue to recommend it and go back! (Thanks thomas for the corrections!)
Love this place is super yummy! Italo kirsa And veggie burger are the best. My boyfriend also loves the tangier burger. Highly recommend fez, fun atmosphere, good food, and amazing drinks!:)
I loved this place. The ambiance and decor is really great. There was a short wait when we got there, so we sat at the bar to have a drink and appetizer while we waited. I had the watermelon margarita and it was super yummy. It even came with a gummy worm in it! Me and my friend shared the garlic and rosemary fries and we couldn't finish them. Once we were sat, we were graced with a very handsome, nice waiter. I accidentally hit him on several occasions (I am an Italian and talk with my hands a lot. Oops.) and he joked with me about it. For dinner I ordered the Casablanca chicken sandwich, because I had heard such great things about it. My taste buds weren't ready for how delicious it was. And again, the portions were huge so I barely finished it. Our server was a really good sport and put up with me flirting with him even though he had a "misses". Props for that. I'll totally be back to eat here again and try some of the other things on their menu!
Service was great, servings are large and just about everything is delicious!. If you're a hummus lover then you'll love this place!. . The only bad thing I have to say about Fez is that we were seated outside and there was only one heater and it was located at the opposite end of the patio. Burrrrrrr!
I manage a restaurant in San Diego (a tough market) and FEZ has successfully conquered the barrier between a good burger and what I would call AMAZING! . . I give 5 stars because of the really friendly staff, the precisely mixed cocktails, and the AMAZING food. Make sure you add the garlic and rosemary fries!
Went to FEZ last night 1/27/12 before a show at the Orpheum. The parking lot was full but eventually  found metered parking on the street just south of the restaurant .  . . Everybody we came into contact with seemed nice and genuine (Host and Server).  . . The food was tasty tan-tan chicken sandwich crispy panko chicken breast with a baba ganoush spread, green olives, oven roasted tomatoes, spinach and bell pepper aioli on ciabatta.  I think a good ciabatta bread could make just about anything taste good though.  My wife got the fez kisra flat herb bread pizza with grilled chicken, spicy honey molasses bbq, red onions, spiced pears, cilantro & manchego cheese, very tasty as well menu says serves 1-2 people I think it can easily serve 2-3 we brought some home. Glad i finally made it to Fez and will be coming back.
On a whim my husband and I decided to stop in for brunch. I'd heard good things about Fez but as a Chicago foodie I have a ridiculously high standard for brunch. I have to say I was quite impressed. I had an omelet with gyro and feta which was delicious and surprisingly light considering all of the heavy and spicy ingredients. The bloody mary was also nice and spicy. I went back the other day for dinner and had the marrakech salad with salmon. Even the half salad is a good-size portion and the salmon was delicious. Everyone else with me ordered different burgers and they all loved them. There's something for everyone at Fez whether you're an adventurous eater or you crave something more traditional. The staff was really helpful, too and gave us great drink recommendations. Go on a thursday for a cheap G-spot!
So good, came here last week finally with my wife and kids.  Place is not what I would call kid friendly but I found myself wanting to drop my kids off at the McDonald's next door for a few hours, jk (I don't want CPS coming to my house for that joke).  I had the FEZ burger which is just the most flavorful burger ever while being the most unique burger I have ever eaten.  It had BBQ, pears.....and I cant remember but it was flipping awesome.  It is very modern inside, my wife loved her salad, and our friend had a great tasting sandwich.  Kids ate chicken fingers from the bar menu and some sliders from the appetizer menu.  All was delish, will come again and ditch the kids first. (remember, this is a joke)
Love this place...i try to come here everytime i'm in Phoenix. The service is always great, the crowd is definitely my kinda people and the decor is beautiful. I love the patio. Here's a few things that i love from here. . . FEZ FRIES!!! They do the sweet potato well. They taste like little strips of heaven fused with French toast. I love them!!! . . Breakfast Kisra - absolutely delicious. Definitely good for a hangover lol...kinda heavy. I suggest ordering for 2. . . The champagne mimosas are good...kinda on the bitter side, but still good. My absolute fave is the Peach Belini...always gets me drunk lol
What can I say...it was a really good happy hour.  This is definitely a place to be seen as there wasn't an empty table in the place.  Luckily we got seated right away on the patio...heat lamps included!. . The waiter was able to keep up with the busy demand and made sure we were aware of the 2-for-1 happy hour!  The Fez Lettuce Wraps were a pleasant surprise.  Not the strong asian tastes that you most have come to love.  The Fez Lettuce wraps have a lighter taste with fruit and a light vinaigrette.. . How do you say no to a rectangular burger?!  There are a wide variety of burgers and chicken sandwiches on the menu.  The Duxelles Burger was absolutely mouthwatering with sauteed mushrooms and onions...I skipped on the provolone cheese and it was still juicy.. . Very trendy and great lighting inside.
Great drinks!. Blue cheese balsamic burger is tasty. So is the lamb kisra. Lettuce wraps are good. Sunday brunch menu is great.  Cool modern decor. Great service.  Always a place to ck out if yr downtown :)
I don't think I have ever had anything here that I didn't like.  I like their sliders, although it changes daily I think.  You have to ask the server what the chef has chosen to serve for that day.  I do always have the same dish, the prime steak with a mushroom gravy.  My husband loves the fez burger.  They have a drink special everyday for the whole day.  I always end up going to FEZ on Fridays so when they serve their vodka pomegranate press for $3.  You can't really go wrong with that.  They have happy hour 7 days a week and reverse happy hour too.
Went to FEZ off of a quick yelp search and I couldn't have made a better decision!  Bottle of wine and an entree, they were delicious.  The service was great, made a reservation online, everything was super easy.  After dinner, headed to the bar had a couple of martini's; Bar service was good too.  Great food, great service, great company, what more could you ask for!
Mmm ...FEZ.... . The food is delicious, the desserts are sinful, the drinks are amazing...and the service is great! (Attentive, but not aggressive/Kind but also genuine)   : ). . Try the FEZ Burger (The vegetarian version is glorious: with hummus, grilled onions, ciabatta bun and black bean burger patty), and the the Rosemary and Garlic Fries (with either of the aiolis). Both are addicting. They also have really great seasonal specials, if you're interested in trying something new/venturing outside of your comfort zone.. . They have a wonderful Happy Hour (and reverse) as well as Brunch Saturday/Sunday.. . BEST of all: they're also open really late, which is wonderful when you really don't want after-hours drive through "food".
Dear FEZ, this is my FIRST review.  I choose to write my FIRST review about you because you were my FIRST love in Phoenix. You are where I had my FIRST date in Phoenix.  You're the place I went to eat after my FIRST Pride, and you hosted cocktails for my FIRST birthday in Phoenix.  . . I have been wanting to write this review since I FIRST stepped foot in your trendy cute well adorned settings.  From my FIRST sip of your sweet well concocted drinks to my FIRST bite of your amazing burger (which is still top of the list for best burgers in the valley).  . . Your service is always great and friendly and the food always spot on.  The FEZ "pizza" blows me away every time and the Calamari on the new menu always leaves me wanting more.  Thomas has always been a gracious host and I look forward to falling further in love with my FIRST love.
Awesome food, fast service, friendly waitstaff, great atmosphere... What more could you ask for!!!
Love Fez, love the Fez burger, a must.. . Low cost, good food, and you must compare this to Switch which is like a block away.. . It is hard to judge which burger is better? Switch or Fez?  Try both and let me know if you find a better burger?  thanks.
I have been here a few times for work and each and everytime has been a wonderful experience.  Not only for their service, but their food is amazing.  you get alot of food for your money.  If you there is something ingredient wise you don't like, just let them know and they can customize your meals how you want.  I would go there again when I am in town for work.
I haven't been here in a while and its a sin.  This place really rocks.  Great service and you good must go, now!
My husband and I have been going to Fez for the last three years and it never disappoints us.  We love the happy hour and the chicken sliders.  The decor is modern and comfortable with two huge couches for groups of friend.  I highly recommend stopping by for drinks with friends or for a scrumptious dinner for two.
My gf and I love the atmosphere in this place. The staff is always super friendly and the food is soooo amazing. Perfect meeting place for after work.
We've been coming here for five years. This place never disappoints.  In the past year (?) they've refreshed their menu and it is even better than the old one. Their burgers are simply the best in the Valley and the Fez Burger is a wonderful combo of sweet-and-salty-in-your mouth. Their Hummus is incredible; seriously garlicky and served with fresh veggies. I'm in love with their Pistachio Cesar Salad. Their drink specials are amazing and that Apricot  Margarita is to die for. Recently we were in Boulder CO and tried to find a good burger and couldn't. So on the way home from the airport we grabbed a burger here.  Yay! We got our burger fix. And you've got to love the vibrant atmosphere.
Food is amazing. Service is great. Great atmosphere. Definitely a good place to check out for a nice classy menu that is filling and not over priced.
Service is fast and friendly and the burgers are amazing. . . Today I had the blue cheese balsamic burger and it is amazing as it sounds! My friend order the Fez burger and really enjoyed it. I have tried most of the menu items and have yet to be let down. . . I've been here quite a bit for happy hour or farewell lunches for coworker. I really love the ambiance. Its modern but retro in a way and sleek. The large windows make for a happy lunch time setting and an ultra classy dinner setting. The patio is large and well spaced. Tables are not set too close together so its nice not to have your dining neighbors listening in on your conversation. . . Over all a really nice experience every time!. . Xo,. Reesie
The first restaurant I've ever been in when I visited Phoenix. IT IS AWESOME. First of all...cinnamon sweet potato frieds. Delicious. Second thing? That FEZ burger...wooof!!! I only had a bite of my boyfriend's meal and I was tempted to eat the whole thing (he wouldn't let me). Anyways, I ordered a salad, which was also really tasty and satisfying...but times like this I wish I opted for the burger.. . I promise to come back one day. The desert wasn't half bad either.
I really love this place. The food is fantastic, servers are always welcoming and the crowd is "hip". Bloody's are GREAT! The music is way too loud for a professional gathering (or for the whole family for mothers day) which I learned the hard way. If your looking for a good brunch or happy hour with friends, this is at the top of my list.
YUM! I love this place- I wish I could have ordered almost everything on the menu.  Ended up getting the artichoke dip, chicken filo dough things and the salad.  I had enough food for three days of lunch!  it is great!
Tuesday martini specials- Check. Delicious Apricot martinis- Check. Lush Cherry martinis- Check. Juicy and savory turkey burgers that can be enhance with some of their unique ingredients such as sprouts, feta cheese, amazing spreads, etc. - Check. Sexy after work crowd- Check. East coast vibe- Check. Great bartenders- Check. Clean beautiful bathrooms- Check. Free and easy parking-Check. . I will try and make this my new Tuesday spot.  I would love to see a DJ here, because once again I would make my own dance floor!!. RUN, do not Walk to FEZ, you have been missing out for a while now!!
Loved it!  Loved it so much on my first visit that I went back again only 4 days later to try it again!. . Great happy hour.  Both times I had two margaritas - watermelon, citrus and I can't remember the other two.  Mmmm.... . Ordered the black bean burger both times.  Love the bread and the layer of goat cheese.  Just delicious.  Both times was to full to even taste the salad that it comes with.. . I look forward to going back a third time.
Not much to say about FEZ except they have excellent food and drinks. I usually go with the sirloin and potatoes, and its always good perfectly. They also have a good selection of spirits, in addition to a few special made cocktails. Atmosphere is perfect; modern and trendy without any holier than thou feelings. Happy hour is every day as well, go!
Wow! The rumors are absolutely true.Sooooo good!!! First time to FEZ and I have wanted to visit for quite a while. Their happy hour prices are quite nice and the bottled beer was frosty-cold. I had to have one of their burgers and was not disappointed. I had the Tangier Burger with hummus, herb pesto, sun-dried tomatoes, and manchego cheese. Got this not in their delicious ciabatta, but on romaine lettuce. So crisp, fresh, juicy, delicious. Side salad had a splash of their delicious homemade dressing too.  Hubby and son had the FEZ burger with spicy honey molasses bbq sauce, cinnamon pears, feta cheese, lemon aioli, crispy onions, and cilantro. They had theirs on the ciabatta bread and I had a bite or two for myself. Oh... man - so good. Their sweet potato fries are the best I have ever had and I try them everywhere I go. . . Dear FEZ, we'll be back again and again.
I go here regularly because the burgers are so good.  The Fez burger is one of the best tasting burgers I've ever had and the taste is consistent.  Sweet potato fries are also awesome, I just dont like dropping another $3 for them on top of the $12 burger.
LOVE the Food, Drinks, Atmosphere, & Staff. FEZ has great fresh food at a great price. The staff is always friendly. AMAZING Burgers!
Had to work in PHX for a few days and a co worker took me here after he saw me eating a pear at my desk...he asked if I liked pears and said that we had to go to a place that puts pears on burgers and chicken sandwiches...kinda thought well that's weird so off we went. Had Casablanca Chicken Sandwich...who would have thought pears on a sandwich...one of the best chicken sandwiches I have ever eaten! Too bad I was in town only a few days ....would have gone back again!
I have been here many times and have yet to be disapointed. Love the kisra and garlic hummus. Yum!
Seriously - as good as it gets - the food, atmo, and service couldn't have been better. Food: We started out the lamb sliders - 4 to an order - and were literally licking the plate clean!  The Fez burger was as promised - a foodgasm. Get the SPICY fries.  . Drinks: Featured that day was a pom and vodka delight for $3 - um, hello!. Atmo: We ate at the bar and it was trendy but relaxed at the same time. . Service: I want to be friends with our bar tender, she was so happy and polite. With her upbeat attitude you could tell she wanted to be there. . . I WANT TO GO BACK!
Service is always great and food is consistent. Huge fan of the fez burger or shrimp kisra!! The garlic aioli is out of this world.
Awesome new find! great service, food and prices! have and will continue to recommend them. Saturday brunch was great! Shared some recepie secrets with the chef:) Top notch for what appears to be a  very hipster type resturant.
If you go to a place and have a great time every time you go what other choice do you have but to give them a fiver right? . Love this place. Whenever I'm in AZ I seem to end up here. The menu is fun, playful and loaded with tempting bits. The bar cranks out wonderfully interesting libations meant to refresh as well as knock the edge off. Last but not least my favorite bar tender ever Sarah serves you a big ol glass of sexy funny sass. Love that ginger kid!
What an experience! Super cool vibe, laid back server and the food - to die for. I had a burger with a side salad and a margarita. Not only did I have a margarita, but I ordered them from a menu that featured several different kinds of margarita. It was happy hour still, so that made them taste even better. The place is trendy - lots of artists, gay folks and tree huggers but also groups of friends and business dinners happening. Really great!
Really good hummus and creative burgers. This would be a great happy hour spot for hummus and drinks!
Amazing food! You can literally order anything off the menu and it is fantastic! I love this place!
On our way to Tucson we stopped here to meet a friend for dinner.  I loved this place! The dishes all have a morroccan flavor with surprisingly tasty results. Even the french fries had a dusting of cumin and chili and were incredibly delicious. I had the Fez salad which was a combination of baby greens, sliced almonds, dried cherries (not 100 percent sure, could have been another dried fruit), moroccan flavorings, seasoned chicken, and a mild dressing.  Another diner in our group had a Gyro sandwich with garlic fries.. I wanted to try the Lamb sliders but just wasnt hungry enough.. They have a good selection of beers and wines and had beers on tap for $3. Great mixed drink menu, too!. Prices were reasonable, and they are open late!. Fantastic experience!
My husband's favorite place to eat, and I love it too! We have never had something here we didn't love but our favorites are the Fez burger, and the Chicken Tan Tan (I think thats what Its called!) The food is so great, and the staff is always very friendly. When we first started coming here they played Finding Nemo on a big projector, it is silly and trivial but I loved that! It was so fun!
I love finding new hipster spots and I and wasn't disappointed with this one! . . Their decor is so beautiful! . . We got the fez burger with garlic and rosemary fries, and it was out of this world delicious! Their fries are my new favorite. Their drink menu looks awesome but we saved to have them until next time we go. . . The staff is great. We were warmly greeted by a guy at the front and our waiter was fast and efficient! . . I love this place! It is a definite must try!
I started visiting FEZ in August of 2010 when I started law school a short walk away. Over the past two and a half years, FEZ has become one of my favorite restaurants (even though my school relocated). The staff iswonderful, they carry my favorite vodka (Hangar 1 from San Fran), and the food is always delicious. Try one of their salads or burgers for a lunch that won't let you down. And for vegetarians there is a delicious, house made black bean burger.
So Impressed! Amazing Menu! Amazing Atmosphere! Great, fun and lively staff! I always feel welcome here. The patio is wonderful in the cooler months. Right next to the light rail! . Rosemary Chicken Sand which, sweet potato fries with a special white sauce is a must have!!!
This place is incredible! Great place to take a date or your significant other. Great ambiance and excellent food! You have to try their hummus as an appetizer and the Fez burger can't be beat! Always great service and  a good time.
Still the best burger i've ever had.  I try to get in here at least once a month and the quality is very consistent.
Took a cab in from the airport on a layover and was blown away. Service was impeccable, the lamb sliders were a work of art and the Fez burger, their signature, is as advertised - scrumdiddlyumptuous (is that how you spell it? Who cares I'm running with it).. . Also, they had a $3 pomegranate vodka cocktail special at lunch that is perfect for functional alcoholics like myself. Don't worry, kids -- I took a cab back.
So good, so hip...I feel like I am not cool enough to eat/drink here but with food like that I can't/won't stay away. Love the tomato salad and the fez burger.
I'm a HUGE fan of this place, but its probably because I'm slightly obsessed with the Fez burger--best burger in town! The service has always been decent, and I love their martini selection. Great patio as well...lots of fun to people watch when the weather is nice.
The Fez burger is where it's at!! So unique and delicious. Been here several times, each time is as good as the last.
Oh man...while staying at the Hilton Garden Inn Midtown, I was about to walk down the street to Thai Basil when I noticed how full this place was across the street.  I am thoroughly satisfied that I decided to stop in.. . The Fez burger is, hands down, the best burger I've ever had in my life.  Tonight (Tuesday) happens to be house martini night for $3, and they did NOT skimp on the alcohol.  I'm used to killing Long Islands and feeling the power on the way down, but these martinis just snuck up on me as smoothly as they went down.. . The service was superbly friendly and prompt.  My waiter was Chad - my water glass was never empty for more than a few minutes, he had everything I ordered out very quickly, and the night ended with a sincere handshake after such a great experience.  If I'm ever back in the Phoenix area, I'll be eating here again!. . Thanks, Fez!  :-)
Fez is hot....hip and happening! See Kirk for a delish beverage. See Shad and Chris for A-MA-ZING food. See David to give them ALL props! They are just a few of the reasons behind our weekly visits!! XOXO
Just stop reading and go. It's delicious. Order the FEZ burger or the FEZ Veggie burger if you're vegetarian, and enjoy your night. The food is great, the service is great, the place is hip, they have cool music... you should probably just go.
A coworker of mine invited me to lunch here and I'm so glad she did.  I brought my husband here a few weeks later and he fell in love with the place too.  He actually gets cravings for their Douxelle Burger.  . . The staff is always friendly.  Occasionally the service is a little slower than desired but those occasions are rare.  Depending upon my mood I rotate between the Fez salad (cinnamon marinated pears on field greens with dried cherries), the veggie burger and the Pesto Caesar salad.  Sometimes we order the sweet potato fries if we feel like it.  . . Last time I was there they had this special which was a grilled cheese panini with gouda and a bowl of soup (I got the carrot and squash - yum!).  There are enough options that I can find a good variety.  . . Sometimes my husband goes on a diet and decides to cut out carbs - when we come here the kitchen always gets his special requests right!  Another plus!  . . Their happy hour specials are great too - they usually have a special $3 cocktail of the day.  The pomegranate vodka is great and I don't like vodka so that's saying something.
Great lunch specials and service was great. Will be back.
I love this place. I have been more times than I can count. The weekend brunch is amazing!  Fez Benedict is fantastic and the G-spot cocktail is wonderful!! The dinner and lunch menu is also spectacular . My fav is the Go Green Pasta, the pesto sauce is so flavorful and the veggies are always perfectly cooked. The one the that I haven't had there yet is desert, I am always too full after my meal.
Back again! This time I was feeling like a light lunch. I wasn't sure FEZ really had small and tasty. Everything I have eaten here has been more than adequate in quantity and leftovers have always been a part of the meal.. . Well, today I just had a bowl of their 50/50 soup. Perfect size for a light lunch. With a little bread on the side. Couldn't have been better!  What is 50/50 soup? . . . I'll let you experience it for yourself. You will not be disappointed. Perfect for a cold winter day in the land of sunshine.
Amazing food and service!  Went here with some of my guy friends and got our food fairly fast.  I ordered the burger and loved it, amazing chabatta like bread and unique but satisfying taste!
Great food on Central Avenue.  I had the lamb sliders - and I'll make a special trip back to do it again.  Excellent coffee - with very cool mugs.  I even got a Yelp discount when I checked in there.!
I debated about giving 4 or 5 stars, specifically due to pricing, but they provide fantastic food and we walked out extremely happy so I had to go with 5.  . . My husband and I went here this week just for the burgers and they did not disappoint.  The Fez Burger was AWESOME. I loved it. Ordered it with a salad and was very happy. My husband ordered the Duxelle Burger and enjoyed it as well, although it might be safer to order it with the mustard on the side. Definitely cleared his sinuses and I was happy that I had ordered my own burger once I tried his. The sweet potato fries were delicious, served with aioli sauce - yum. I recommend going on Tini-Tuesdays when three of the martinis are only $3.00 each.
Happy hour after 10p makes this a great spot for late night tapas.  $6 small plates of delicious flavor is a great deal.  My hubby and I got 3 plates: artichoke dip, garlic rosemary fries, and lettuce wraps.  Filled us up!  The fresh flavor of the fries and chunky artichoke dip were our faves.  Romaine lettuce was a great delivery system for minced chicken, candied pears, figs, and cranberries.  Delish!. Fez is kind of a sexy little spot inside.  Modern decorating and crazy techno-ish music make it sleek.  Great date spot.  . This was our 2nd visit - we will return!
I really like it! They have great drinks. The menu is unique and prices are reasonable. I got the special - ahi with andouille sausage and some veggies. Only &8.95! Yes, $8.95. Unbelievable! It was goooooooood! Actually, it was perhaps the best plate I've had at a restaurant in years! Delicious. I've been there a couple of times recently and have been happy each visit. I love the decor - modern. They have a diverse clientele. Great location and late hours! This may become my favorite restaurant. BTW Chad the server does an awesome job!
Great food, atmosphere and waiters!
I LOVE their FEZ burgers and sweet potato fries!!! I used to work next door to them and I would wolfed down every bite, from the ciabatta bread to the crunchy onions and sweet pears in this wonderful concoction! I also love the contemporary atmosphere. I highly recommend.
I loved everything about this place.  I was in Phoenix for work, staying near the convention center, and had planned to have dinner at the Arrogant Butcher.  Turns out it was the first night of Pink's world tour, and it was a zoo in the area, so we went to Fez instead.  Good move!  We had the cinnamon sugar dusted sweet potato fries....amazing, do not skip these.  I don't even know what the dipping sauce was, I think an apricot aioli?  Doesn't matter, get them.  Hada really hard time deciding what to get for dinner since there were so many options and such interesting combinations of flavors.  I landed on the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich, with goat cheese, pear, cherries, and a pomegranate vinaigrette.  Everything was so fresh and delicious- I didn't want to leave a bite behind.  Prices were very reasonable, sandwiches and salads were around $10 (with large portions), entrees around $15-$20.  Thank you Pink for showing us the way to Fez!
I love this spot!!!  I had a chance to come for brunch a few Saturdays ago, and boy, did they deliver!!! We were seated right away, the service was prompt and our server, was very charming!! (I forgot his name) I had the Peach Bellini and for $4, its not shabby either!! It was refreshing and a mellow, without making me intoxicated. I sampled the french toast ala FEZ...Mmmmmm...what I can say!! It was soo good, and not to mention filling for the price!! The compote that was on the french toast complimented the crunch bread they used, 2 different textures....me mouth likey...alot!!!! I am contemplating going back, real soon, to sample more off the menu. Love this spot.....I give this spot 2 snaps up...lol
Burgers were awesome! Love the decor and the customer service!
It's a sad situation to be in going to Fez when you're the one who has to drive - the drinks are delicious and there are some great happy hour specials. My usual is the Tangier burger ordered medium rare. It practically melts in your mouth!  The sweet potato fries rock and the weekend brunch is fantastic (I always try to get out of being the driver then. I don't care if it's 11am - their Bloody Marys are like my kryptonite.). I recommend this place to everyone.
Everything is delish! Brownie dessert in made when you order it. Yeah, you read it right! They bake the brownie, add ice cream, deliver heaven! Ask for extra walnuts (or not). Come hungry! Best of waiters!
I find myself thinking about when I'll get to eat FEZ next all the time. The calamari is delicious- it comes out piping hot and crunchy and with the most delicious paprika aioli.  I've had better calamari seafood wise, but the breading and aioli makes it.  You cannot go wrong with the FEZ burger- it's the best burger on the menu. Get it medium. It's also great as a left over the next day- the bread holds up really well. One of my favorite things about the burgers at FEZ is the bread they come on. Sub out your salad for cinnamon sweet potato fries or the spicy harissa fries. The spicy harissa fries aren't that spicy (maybe that's just my love for spicy food speaking) but the garlicky sauce that comes with the fries is AMAZING. Super busy on Friday nights, especially first fridays, so plan accordingly! They also have a really good specials menu for different days of the week for drinks, ask about it!
Had the fez salad for lunch with chicken, it was huge and wonderful. The goat cheese was amazing and they gave a ton, the whole salad was huge. I ate at the bar cuz it feels more comfortable when I eat alone, and the bartender was very nice. I am kicking myself and forgot to use my checkin! Dangit! It would have helped because the bill was a bit high, but worth it, I am stuffed and very happy :)
I always enjoy going to FEZ. I crave FEZ burgers and love the variety of fries too. The place has a cool trendy feel to it and the wait staff is excellent
From the moment we arrived at The Vig, the Valet service was a great help! We were greeted with the friendly atmosphere as we entered the patio area. It was lovely. The waiter William was the BEST!  He made great suggestions, and we had a terrific dinner. I would suggest the humus dish, salmon and the greek salad. My husband enjoyed his fish tacos. Our guests loved the meat and vegetables soup and greek salad. The portions were very large, and the price was excellent. We look forward to returning again very soon. Our waiter William was amazingly attentive, and the manager came to our table to greet us as well. This is as good as it gets!!
I've never had anything at Fez that wasn't delicious and loaded with great service, too!  This is one of my very fav places in the entire Valley!  Everything is good!
The food was excellent ordred Cheeseburger and fries. The service was great our server Johnny was the best. I recommend this place.
I went here on a busy Saturday and had a blast. The crowded restaurant kept flowing and the food was super tasty! It didn't take too long even with having such a busy environment, I was able to distract myself with my drink, my friends and watching the scenery!. . I got the FEZ burger and shared it with a friend. YUM!! Omg I couldn't stop eating everything between the amazing burger and the sweet potato fries, my tastebuds were in heaven. Oh wait, I'm not dreaming, I'm just at FEZ.
Unreal chicken rosemary sandwich
Absolutely delicious food that meets my needs of being gluten-free, red-meat free and healthy in general. So many salad options with a very creative menu and everything that I've had there has been beyond delicious!
Fez is fantastic. It's truly my favorite restaurant in Phoenix due to the unique and Delicious food, cool atmosphere, eclectic crowds, and excellent staff. The Moroccan touches really bring a lot to every dish and everything is SO GOOD that it's hard to find one thing to recommend because I truly believe you need to get something different every time you go! Their prices are reasonable and they offer great drink specials every night, and especially for weekend brunch on Saturdays and Sundays.
I had the best hummus of my life there! And their salads and appetizers were equally delicious. Loved the atmosphere!
Yummy!. . Ordered a half size of the Barcelona butterleaf salad. Half size was plenty for me. Everything was very fresh. A great salad on a hot day.. . Also tried that casablanca chicken sandwich. All the ingredients in the sandwich (chicken, pomegranate vinaigrette, goat cheese, sliced pears, dired cherries & field greens on ciabatta) went perfectly together. The sweet potato fries and whatever their sauce that goes with it (or was the sauce for the sandwich?... whatever) was also scrumptious.
Went here for lunch with my husband on a Monday. We ordered the fez salad (amazing) and the phyllo pockets (even more amazing) and the bruschetta app... We were very very pleased! The place is nice and the staff were great! Def coming back (hopefully soon)
OH FEZ how I miss you! I have been to Fez numerous times and thisreview is long overdue. Their scrumptious and delectible dishes are down right amazing. The Fez benedict is my all time favorite, followed by the breakfast kirsa, panini, and french toast. But trust me everything on their menu is fantastic! During brunch they have $3 drinks which are all delicious. The Gspot is soooo good, a concauction of grapefruit vodka, ruby red grapfruit, and soda. I also love the belini as well which is quite refreshing.. . In all this place is worth a visit whether you are near or far with their mouth watering dishes and gulpable drinks! You won't be disappointed and that's a promise!
I love this place and have been meaning to write a review for awhile. I've always had their burgers and chicken sandwiches. I eat them and think, wow, why can't other burger places get with the program?!! Lol.. It's a far drive for me so I only stop when we're in the area. Brunch is great too. And their drinks, yum, they know their drinks!
Best Eggs Benedict I've ever had. I admit I've never been here for anything but weekend brunch and always have wanted to. But if you're a benedict fan, you'll find the best here. $4 brunch cocktails are nice as well!
This place has been on my bookmark list for a while now and I am so glad we finally stopped in to eat here last week. The food at FEZ is just as fantastic as people say it is. Better, even. Both my hubby and I really enjoyed what we ordered and it is pretty rare that we find a place that we both love the food! I think we would eat here all the time if it we lived in this area.. . To start we got the garlic hummus. This had a great flavor to it and was just the right consistency and texture. The bread they served with it was also pretty close to perfect. He ordered the all American burger which was nice and juicy and cooked perfectly. He loves Caesar salads and he also loves pesto sauce so the Pesto Caesar salad he got for his side was right up his alley and he loved it! I decided to order their FEZ salad in the full entree size and added gyro meat to it. What a fantastic meal. It was very filling and healthy (I think?) but it also had such amazing flavors in there! The poached pears were gently place on the rim of the bowl so they didn't fall apart in the salad. Each bite of those was heavenly. I don't know how but they infused them with a delicate cinnamon flavor that added an exotic feel but still let the natural fresh sweetness of the fruit shine thru. The greens were very fresh and crisp and dressed oh so lightly with a pomegranate dressing. The nuts and goat cheese provided some contrasting textures and flavors. And the dried cherries made it really pop with little explosions of tartness. The gyro meat was very tasty as well with lots of traditional Greek seasoning but not too much to overpower the wonderful flavors already in the dish. I would eat this salad every day of the week.. . Our server was a real nice lady and she made us feel welcome. I also liked that they had some local AZ beers available: Sleepy Dog, Four Peaks and Mudshark.  It seems like the bar is a focal point of this place since they also offered a lot of specialty cocktails. Since we were there for an early Sunday dinner we found the atmosphere a little too clubby but I am sure on a Friday or Saturday night it would be a lot of fun. I also noticed they had a nice patio that seemed a little more comfy and relaxed than the main restaurant so I hope to try that out someday (not in the summer).
FEZ burger is very very good.  If you're looking for a great burger that has a different flavor go with the FEZ burger.
If you hate living in Phoenix, go to Fez & you will feel like you are somewhere else! Great food & drinks, funky atmosphere. I've never had a bad experience at Fez.
The breakfast pasta was amazing! Staff was very friendly with a great fun atmoshpere.
VERY good! I had the rosemary chicken sandwich with side salad, and it was delicious.. . The other two people I dined with had two of the salads, and raved about those as well. . . Service was very good-drink order taken within 2 minutes of sitting, and was refilled promptly, as needed. Food came quickly, and was beautifully presented.
I went to FEZ for the first time today. WOW the waiters were all so friendly and patient!  Service was very fast. I got the go green pasta with gyro mean on it. it was SO good. i was surprised at how good it was for the price!. I usually never stay anywhere for desert but decided to get their cheesecake. I loved it! way better than cheesecake factory. .  I'll def be back!
The Strawberry/Blueberry/Cashew salad is utter perfection. It is one of the most beautifully presented salads I've ever had and is delicious (check out the picture I posted of it on my profile). The brunch items are lovely and the drinks are delightful, as well. My boyfriend enjoys the sandwiches and other entrees. There are also plenty of vegetarian options if that's your thing like it is mine. Simply put, Fez knows what it's all about.. . We left saying, "I don't know why we never think to come here." We really should visit more often. The food, down to the selection, presentation, and quality, is always wonderful and the service is impeccable.
I have been to Fez many times and everything I have had is amazing. I love the flavors and the uniqueness of the sandwhichs and burgers are great!!
Loved the place, the ambiance and the food... We ordered go green pasta and the vegetarian Kisra. Both were very flavorful. I'd love to go to this place again... Do not forget to try the Creme Brulee here; one of the better creme brulee you could have in the valley.
Best sweet potato fries in the land!
You cannot go wrong with Fez ! Their kisras are like thin crust pizzas. Their hummus is delectable. and their lamb sliders are to die for, not to mention their burgers which are juicy and succulent. Its a fantastic place for really good food. And it's open late till midnight, which sure is a luxury seeing as to how anything else that you can find at that hour is only fast food !
You have to try their cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries AMAZING. The Kisra's are awesome as well.
FEZ has a very modern and sophisticated feel, perfect for the millennial generation. I tried the FEZ burger and it was outstanding! The flavor profile for inner BBQ sauce lovers is worth the trip alone. Not to mention the fantastic drinks (get the Feztini). I will be returning to FEZ during my next pit stop to PHX!
This place is badass!
What a nice surprise!  I was initially afraid to try FEZ because I heard they were connected to Metropolis (Metropolis is a joke of a restaurant so-so food and untrained staff). . Fez was a delight!  Great atmosphere, super service and excellent food! I had the veggie burger and sweet potato fries.  The fries were to die for, some of the best in the valley. The waitstaff was attentive and knowledgeable.   I can't wait to go back and try more from their menu!
Happy is great... good food, drink specials and the staff are nice!
This is my favorite veggie burger of all time. Black bean and cumin is the perfect combo for the patty. I order it without a lot of the toppings (it has some non-vegan stuff like aoli and some kind of cheese) but get extra basil-lime salad dressing on the side and dip in that. The sweet potato fries are my favorite and they have good tea. I love that they are open until midnight! The atmosphere is fun, staff is extremely friendly and the owners are wonderful, too.
I loved this place!!! The food portions are really big... I went for lunch and was surprised at how much food came out on our entrees. We ordered the sweet potato fries, hummus, and fez salad. So much food!!! . . It was all so delicious... The sweet potato fries were heaven- there is cinnamon sugar sprinkled on them. The hummus appetizer was huge and so was the salad... So I recommend sharing something if you don't eat a lot. . . Overall, a great experience!!
great place, great burger and chicken sandwiches, it is amazing.  mondays is is half.
Good food, great music, friendly staff and wicked drinks.  What more could you ask from a restaurant?  Oh and don't forget the cute crowd that comes in..
Great burgers and a very cool design. I will definitely be going back.
yes, the best bartenders n we love them.
I have always loved FEZ.  The food is amazing, the staff funny, friendly, witty and totally deserving of a great tip every single time I go.  The place itself is deceptive from the street, it looks small.  Inside it's not exactly huge but the bar is a nice size and the dining area as well.  The modern decor is very cool but comfortable and the atmosphere gives a very cool/slightly hipster vibe.. . I am always greeted quickly upon arrival by their warm and friendly staff.  Honestly, I think they hire their servers based on if they can light up a room with their smile.  Mission accomplished, these folks are always smiling and are genuine.. . I've never EVER had anything bad or even mediocre at this place be it appetizers, burgers, entrees or desserts and anyone I have visited with has the same feedback.  I'm not a fan of liquor but the folks I usually go with always rave about their inventive (and tasty) selection of mixed drinks.  I'm a beer drinker myself and while their selection is not extensive, I always find something I like and just roll with it.. . If you haven't tried FEZ you absolutely MUST!
Love FEZ! Went here for my birthday celebration. Great atmosphere, awesome drinks and yummy food!
Love this place!!! The food is great, the atmosphere is fun and the service is always friendly. I just wish it was closer to home so I could go more!  The crowd is usually eclectic and it's a great stop to or from an event downtown since it's on the lightrail route. I wish they had a bit more parking (for when we do drive there) and it can get a bit noisy inside but it's still well worth it!. . If you order the basket of fries ask them to do half and half so you get to try two kinds!
Great!
I tried the herb infused turkey burger with the salad it comes with and WOW. Awesome flavors. This place rocks
My girlfriend and I had brunch at Fez this weekend. What a perfect way to start off our day. It's hard to find restaurants that have great food and a fun atmosphere like Fez. . . But what made it one of our best dining experiences was our server, Jared.  Not only did he make sure we had everything we needed, but he knew when he needed to ask. We like to take our time when we dine out and have a few drinks (the Greyhounds are so good here and only $4 during brunch!)... Jared just let us enjoy our time (about 2 hrs), and he knew exactly when we needed something without hovering. How he did, I have no idea, but he definitely has that skill down. . . Try Fez, you won't be disappointed. And ask for Jared if you really want great service.
The check in offer just can't be beat.  My Sis and I came in for a lunch together, she ordered the wedge, I wanted to lettuce wraps (check in offer), we both had tea. Huge amazing salads and yummy tea, teeeny tiny bill, under $20!!
Love, love, love this place.
I went for lunch and the food was so good!!!  I will be back for sure!!!
Consistently great food, good service and fair prices.
Best eggs benedict in town, coupled with a cocktail special from the weekend brunch menu. Magnifico! Awesome service, always a great crowd, but usually not over crowded! Love FEZ, I believe it's become a Cenpho institution.
I really, really love Fez.  I love the vibe, I love the drinks, and I love the turkey burger.  Weren't expecting that one, were ya?  No really, the turkey burger is kind of ridiculously delicious.  Take my advice, get their turkey burger.. . Also LOVE their Tuesday martini deal, $5 for the top 5 martinis on their menu. Awesome martinis at an awesome price.  Yes, please.. . Did I mention their turkey burger?
I am a frequent customer at Fez. Since the first day I went there two years ago, Fez consistently has had delicious food and drinks and great customer service. Their happy drinks are great throughout the week but I'm a particular fan of the $4 Bloody Mary's during brunch on the weekends. If you enjoy a modern Mediterranean edged cuisine (chicken sandwiches, salads, burgers) and a great drink to wind down, this is definitely the place to go. My favorites are the tan-tan chicken sandwich and the pesto Caesar salad with pistachios.
I pass this place all the time on my way to work, and finally had a chance to try it. The portions are generous, and the food is incredible! After tasting several dishes and appetizers, I couldn't find a single thing I didn't absolutely love (the sweet potato fries are the best I've had). And on top of everything, the service was quick and went above and beyond many other restaurants. Can't wait to come back!
Never had something I didn't like. Veggie burgers and the breakfast pasta are my favorites. Does get very loud in the evenings which is not my liking (I'm getting old)
Amazing food, excellent staff, and super cool atmosphere!
great food and place, and stafff.
Fez is just good....all around....the seating, the staff, the patio, the food is really on spot with enough unique to make it...unique.
I so loved this place! The food was delicious! I got the g-spot to drink and for being a grapefruit drink, I was in love. Their french fries were perfect! The rosemary chicken sandwich was pretty delicious. The egg white omelette with spinach and tomato had me craving it for days and the side salad with the basil vinagarette will keep me coming back. It's my new favorite place. I can't wait until their Sunday brunch.
Always great food! My favorite are the sweet potato fries. Drink of choice is the Spatini...except I replace the cilantro with mint..YUMMY!
Urban good eats.  - It kinda feels like Phoenix is a "real" city in this place. . . My gay brother and gay aunt think this place is tits, because it's "family-friendly". . . Fufu drinks are good. Salads are good. Burgers are good.. . -but it would seem bland compared to a BIG city place. That said, wear whatever you want, i.a.g.. . cheers.
Nice night for cocktails.. Once there again last night very attentive Great staff, it was just enough people in there to get the excellent Service hummus is too vicious and so was that pizza and the drinks are delicious, Good service, Good stuff, Great atmosphere, Come check it out.
I actually ate here twice in 3 days and had the same thing, it was so good!  I'm avoiding carbs right now, so the Tangier Burger wrapped in lettuce with a side salad was delicious, filling and worth every penny!   yummy!
I stopped at a Pizza place today to grab a quick lunch.  Damn! What a find!. Best Pizza I've tasted in a long time.  It was perfect. Great sauce, great flavor of crust and thickness and all the ingredients were fresh. Sam's Pizza on 43rd and Union Hills.  They have a new customer.  Now that's Italian.  Take that from a real Dago who knows pizza.
Burgers and 3 dollars drinks.
The FEZ burger is indescribable.  It is a burger like none other... for those of you that like to TASTE your food, this will explode in your mouth.  you can get extras, like avacado and bacon and other sundries on it, but don't...it stands alone, and you will LICK YOUR NAPKIN, its that good.  Great atmosphere, icky parking lot but over all amazing.
Update 5/5. . Food just as delicious, great service to match the past couple of times I've gone.
We had the hummus appetizer (half garlic half spicy) and then I had the blue cheese burger with bacon. That was one of my favorite meals that I have had in Phoenix.  If you get a chance, you should definitely try Fez. Great for cocktails and a quick bite!
Good: Food was tasty. Service was tasty. (How is tasty service even possible?) Place was a great place to hang out due to very comfortable lounging and seating arrangements.
The food here is excellent, but the service is even better! Came here with my coworkers before a performance at Symphony Hall. We had such a great waitress--Audrey. She was so attentive to our table, helpful in picking our meals and not overbearing or trying to take our plates before we were finished. . . For our appetizers, we got the yelp deal for the free chicken lettuce wraps--omg, those were to die for! The dried fruit and almonds gave them a sweet AND savory taste. My coworker got the garlic/spicy hummus combo, SO delish, too! . . For my meal, I had the pistachio pesto caesar salad and absolutely loved it...perfect portion, filling and very tasty. . . Will definitely come back to this spot! So glad we had Audrey as a waitress!! :)
Awesome! Great food, amazing sangria and the staff is very kind. Would highly recommend this place.
