The casino we allways go back to everytime guests come to town. Its the best for everything on the strip. The Skylofts are great if you want to spend like a whale....Have funnnnnnnnnnnn
This is by far my favorite hotel / casino in Vegas.  Yes I am a member of the player's club.  Yes Joel Robuchon is here.  Yes Ka is here.  Yes yes yes yes.. . My room here was.. wait for it... EPIC.  I believe it to the best room I've ever had in Vegas.  It was a suite with a view of the strip.  The bathroom was enormous, and the tub (not that I would know) could fit at least... AT LEAST 6 people.  I could basically swim across my tub.. . The bed was fluffy, yet firm and comfortable.  Or maybe I was just so exhausted that laying down anywhere would have felt like heaven.  . . This particular casino has a nonsmoking area with a cool bar in the middle that the bartenders get up and dance on.  But its distracting.  I learned roulette here, and I won, won won.  . . Check out the lions, and turn your dang flash off!. . There are multiple starbucks in here.  If you keep walking towards the back you'll find another one that has zero line.  ;)
I don't gamble, but my buds taught me how to here, and I must say the folks working around porker table were really nice and helpful (spending my money) Im sure they were like "look this dumb earth who never played before", yet, they were so patient waiting for my move and occasionally made joke to make the table feel at ease. That's kind of service that I like. . . Like I said, I don't gamble but If I ever feel like trying again, I will choose MGM.
This is for the City Bar that is located at the entrance of the pedestrian bridge from New York New York on the right hand side. This place is so secretive it's not even located on MGM's property map!. . It's this teeny tiny bar that has jello shots, and about 3 years ago my girlfriends and I stumbled across this. I hear a woman's voice booming from the other side of the bar; "Whadda you ladieswant?" She is abrupt but welcoming, seems very no nonsense, and you feel strangely drawn to her. Then it dawned on me ~ "Oh my God, you have got to be from Chicago, huh?" She screams back in that nasal accent, "Yeah! Hey! Are you girls from Chicago too?" I fell in love with this woman! She comes over with a TRAY of different colored jello shots like she's selling car stereos. She gives a description of each flavor and the ingredient list, and she speaks of each of them with such passion. I never knew there was a connoisseur of jello shots, until that day. . . So each time I go to Vegas I make a special trip to see Lisa and have one of her famous jello shots. She comes and hugs me each time, and even remembers my name! I feel like I'm at Cheers or something (please keep in mind I only visit Vegas every 3 to 6 months!) . . So I took a special trip to see Lisa last night, and instantly heard her voice when the sliding door opened coming off the foot bridge. I almost started crying, I was so happy to see her! So, 3 jello shots, a beer, and two new friends later, I went on my merry way .... . . Now THAT'S a bartender!. . (oh, hotel is nice too)
My husband and i loved the MGM. It was a nice hotel, well kept, the rooms were nice, comfortable bed, and we got an awesome view! the staff were so nice and we got free club passes and open bar for ladies. So far, cant complain.
oh damn. i need to update. i stayed here!!!! halloween 2010. it was quite the adventure. i loved seeing all the costumes. my fav by far was a dude straight dressed as french maid. awesomeness. i love the location. right across from ny ny. its pretty easy to get around from here. the rooms are a little dated but it gives u that old vegas feel. much different than ph. the buffet was the business and not too expensive. there is a lil mall there with a mcd's thats open 24 hour. perfect if you dont feel like stumbling down the strip to get ur mcnuggets on. the price of the room was decent especially being that it was a holiday. working in hotels myself i def understand the discount system. it seems to me that most people must be staying up from bellagio ( or aria?) it was only $99 a night. deal!!!!
I generally rate hotels by . . (1) how much I have to pay, . (2) how much of a hassle parking can be, . (3) the customer service at registration, . (4) how comfortable the bed is, and . (5) how convenient the newsstand/food options are in the general vicinity at 4am.. . MGM gets my 5 stars. . (1) we have an MLIFE players card and it ROCKS. 30% off shows, comp'd rooms, just for signing up (free). We use this every time we come to Vegas and this particular time, we got two nights for free (no resort fee or nothin'). Two thumbs up!. (2) Honestly- parking is a bit confusing, and the walkway forces everyone who doesn't valet it to go through this mild maze to get to the registration desk. Since we weren't elderly folk/heavy packers, this wasn't a big deal. . (3) Service was awesome. Fast, friendly, professional. Checked in within minutes. More thumbs up.. (4) No complaints here ;). (5) Hubby wanted milk at 3:30am. Newsstand is open 24/7 right next to the elevators, so we didn't have to pay an arm and a leg for room service OR use our arms and legs to get to a store far far away. Sweet.
MGM, where do I start?. . The boy and I always stay at the MGM. We were last there for NYE and it wasn't as terrible as I expected (as in uber crazy drunks, a gazillion people everywhere, etc.). . I love your old school mobster-esque craps dealers! They are pretty friendly and "help you out" as much as they can. True, while the casino is older compared to other hotels on the strip, there is a nice quality to it. I wouldn't say classic...maybe homey? As homey as a casino can get. Does that make me sound like I have a gambling problem?! Moving on.... . Personally, I have experienced solid customer service. For New Years we were put up on the 22nd floor overlooking the strip. This is probably because we were nice to the host and the guy next to us who started checking in before us was acting like a whiny b*tch requesting what we had been given. Karma, my friend! Lesson here: be nice to everyone, but especially to those who can hook it up in Vegas! . . The beds are great! Very comfy. If I recall our TV wasn't a flat screen (like that matters) but for those of you TV-freaks out there, be prepared to be taken back to 2000 when the flat screen wasn't standard. The bathrooms are A-OK and IDK what it is about their lavender toiletries, but DAMN! My hair always looks like a million bucks after using them. . . I can't wait to go back! Show me the moneeeeey!
My home away from home, I love the MGM! . . I travel to Las Vegas about once a month for work, and have stayed at just about every cheap to not-so-cheap hotel on the strip. When I fly out there for fun, the MGM has always been my go-to hotel. . . The player's club card prices for this hotel just can't be beat. Where else can you stay at a 4 star hotel on the strip for about $50 - $60/night? The hotel is huge, and other then going out to see specific shows or go to a specific club, we literally never have to leave the hotel during our trips. . . The pool is a lot of fun. I like "wet republic" as it is more of a place for young adults to hang out and relax with a cocktail. The regular pool areas are also fun if your with family, although the noise little kids can be a little annoying (it's fun to steal their inner-tubes and ride down the rivers though.) . . The restaurants are some of the best I have gone to. They have a cheapy food court with a few dining options, but we never eat there (why waste a Vegas trip by eating crap fast food you could get back home anyways.) CraftSteak has to be my most favorite steak house, and we always eat there at least one night every time we go to Las Vegas. They have other good options too, like Wolfgang Puck's place, Emeril's, WichCraft, and Shybua. The prices might seem a little high at first at these higher end restaurants, but once you eat the food and taste how good everything is, you will find that the prices are well worth it. . . If you are into the clubbing scene (I am) the location of this hotel is great. They have Wet Republic for the day, and have two decent clubs in the hotel that always play good music. Tabu and Studio 54 might not draw the largest crowds, but they always play good music all night long, and they always have a good mixed crowd. Best of all, you can drink and dance yourself silly and not worry about catching a cab home since you are already in the hotel you are staying at. All the other big named clubs on the strip are all a short cab ride away. . . The hotel rooms themselves are nice. Soft, comfy beds, spacious rooms and larger bathrooms, everything is very clean and well maintained. Room service is great at accommodating needing guests. . . I love this hotel. It has everything I need and want in a Las Vegas trip. I have stayed here dozens of times, and will continue to go to the MGM on my Vegas trips.
everytime we go to vegas we always stay here! ive always had a great stay and the customer service is wonderful! i just wish there was certain areas you are allowed to smoke in. hopefully one day! we love the lazy pool here. If you want the more club scene check out wet republic. we went and it was such a great time. and the staff there is also very nice!
A couple friends had stayed here during a girls trip in summer 2009. Then my boyfriend and I stayed here in July 2010. I had received a special for $59 and 99 per night. This hotel has our favorite outdoor pools! The service is great! Clean, welcoming. Definitely will stay here again.
I like it like that..... . Got a free upgrade when we checked in. Huge suite, 2 rooms, 2 bathrooms and views in every direction.. . Will definitely be staying here again.
MGM is my new go-to hotel in Las Vegas. I recently stayed there for my 2nd time last weekend which is rare for me for Vegas since I like to try out a new hotel every time I visit and it was amazing!. . Rooms are decent... could be decorated a little better, but they were clean.... beds comfy.... and the bathroom was huge with amazing water pressure in the shower. . . The highlight at the MGM is their pools. LAZY RIVER. That's it. Get an inner tube (we waited til the later hours and just found one floating by begging us to take it) and let the people watching begin. The drinks are good and the jello shots are strong :). . The casino is huge. Great games and great people! What I love about the MGM is that there is such a variety that you really can't go wrong.. . For the price it can't be beat. I will definitely stay here again!
I go to LV at least once a year to go to see Jimmy Buffett.  MGM is the only place to stay as far as I'm concerned.  Feels like home!  Excellent restaurants, always clean and great service.  I've made myself make reservations at other places trying to get out of my rut, and always end up checking out and checking back into "my" MGM room.
This is one of my most favorite places in all of Vegas. It's not too much of a party hotel like the Hard Rock or Planet Hotel, but it's not a stuffy old dump like the Sahara or Monte Carlo. . . I've stayed here over the years, and the one thing that keeps me coming back is the constant renovations and the consistent prices. I've never overpaid here, even when I visit during busy weekends (relative to other hotels-- gouging is inevitable during fights, conventions, etc.). . The rooms are nicely maintained, but if you want a real treat, pay a little more and get a room in the West Wing. Classier, swankier, and WAY cooler. Impress your friends, or a stranger. Oh wait.. . ANYWAY, the MGM Grand Garden Arena is by far my favorite venue in Las Vegas. It's easy to access, and easy to exit. . . Parking at this hotel isn't SO bad. Valet or self. . . Plenty of show options. A plethora of dining options. I'm not a huge fan of the nightlife here, but you can always catch a cab, and head out to Tao, XS or Moon. No big deal. . . Bottom line, this is the place you want to visit in Vegas. Spend your money here. You'll be happy.
Best prices on quality of hotel rooms. World class restaurants and a beautiful pool and spa. Only drawback is that the nightclubs studio 54 and tabu suck. Wet republic is great. Very nice and well trained staff.
I've stayed here twice and I would definitely consider staying here again. Here are the pros and cons:. PROS:. 1) Large, open hotel with everything you'd ever want/need: tons of restaurants, 2 nightclubs, lots of gaming, good shows, shopping.. 2) The rooms are clean and comfortable. Better than some other rooms I've stayed in on the strip. Are they 5-star, ultra-luxury? No. But when I go to Vegas, I don't spend much time in my hotel room, so I don't need something 5-star. . 3) Value - great value for the price. Well worth it.. 4) Pool - of all the hotels I've stayed at, MGM has the best pool. There are 4 of them, plus a lazy river. I've never had any issues getting a chair and there's plenty of sun, but also nice lush landscaping.. 5) I've always found the staff to be helpful and accommodating.. 6) Great energy... and lions! Real ones!. . CONS:. 1) There are some 5,000 rooms in this place. Unless you're some high-roller, don't expect to get 5-star service everywhere you go. I'm totally fine with this, and never have the expectation of someone personally wiping my butt for me, but some people think they're that special.. 2) The hotel is older, but not in a dirty/run-down way. It's just not as new as some of the other hotels, but it's worth saving some $$.. 3) The location at the south end of the strip does make it tough to walk to properties on the north end. However, getting to NY NY, then to Excalibur is super fast and easy. You don't even need to go down to the street.. 4) When I was there, the "casual dining" cafe wasn't open 24 hours, which is a bummer when you're hungry at 2 am, and the only thing open is a more expensive restaurant, when you're really rather have pancakes and hash browns.. . I love MGM and would highly recommend it to anyone going to Vegas. If you're into nightlife, check out Studio 54 -- one of my favorite clubs.
Went through here on my way from the fountain to Joel Robuchon. I can't wait to stay here; it's amazing.
This place is ridiculously luxurious. Many people don't even know it exists. Once you/re inside it doesn't even feel like you are in Las Vegas anymore. The whole courtyard is enclosed and it smells like lemons.
Beautiful place, Tuscan villa style. Understated entrance. Excellent service.. . Breakfast on the patio was lovely. It's a garden atrium, very unlike Vegas. I ordered the braised short rib with two poached eggs. It was so tender it literally melted in your mouth.. . It's very quiet, private, exclusive.
We booked our honeymoon/graduation/husband birthday at MGM for our first trip to Las Vegas. We had originally booked a west wing room for 4 nights, but when we arrived and checked into our room, we were on the second floor, with no view of anything. I was pretty sunken down and thought this trip wasn't gonna be worth it. . . So, I made my way back to the lobby and spoketo girl and explained to her why we were on this trip and how unhappy we were with the room. Within a few minutes, she was able to speak to her manager and offer us a celebrity suite on the 20th floor with no extra charge!! (It was a smoking room and we don't smoke, but it didn't bother us) The room was great and we enjoyed our stay.. . Mind you, but Vegas is where tips rule and I tipped her $20 for doing us that favor.
This has to be our favorite hotel to stay at on "the strip", and its not because we get our rooms comp..........nah it is:).    But we still love this place. Everyones nice here. The rooms are nice nothing really special. The maid service is always good..    Lots of good restaurants and fast food places..    The casino has a good layout, the table games 'limits' are reasonable..    Location is perfect if you want to walk to other casinos. The monorail starts/ends at the MGM.
love being a VIP in this hotel
We stay at the MGM every year and LOVE it.  We've always had nice rooms and they are always spotless.  Honestly have never had a room that smells of smoke or anything like that.  The beds are super comfortable, a/c always works and the water pressure has always been fine.  When I read some of these reviews it's like these people stayed at a different hotel. .  I will agree that the property is HUGE and it can be a hike to get to the pools and then back to the room....but geez it's not that bad.  After all the good food that we eat in Vegas we need the exercise.  Talking about food, the restaurants in the MGM are amazing - Fiamma is a favorite.  Then there's the food court.  Almost every property has one, it's cheesy, but it works for a quick bite on the go.  The cafe out by the pool has good casual food.   . Every staff member that I've ever dealt with has been friendly and helpful.  If you expect to be waited on hand and foot, then perhaps a smaller property would be better.  Anything that we've ever needed has been taken care of in a friendly and timely manor.  . I don't like just baking in the sun at a pool, so I love the pool complex here.  There are 5 pools to choose from plus the Lazy River.  There can be kids at times but if they are to much for you just go to the Directors Pool - it's 18y.o. and up - problem solved.  I don't get bringing kids to Vegas...but it happens.. To wrap it up - the bars and lounges are fun, the shows are great - KA rocks!  You can really have a full day here and never leave the property.  . We'll be back in a few weeks and can't wait to get there.
Ahh, my second home.. . I personally love the MGM. I usually stay here when I travel to Vegas. . Lets start with the beginning.. . Every time I come to the MGM they welcome you to their hotel like you're home. They make the drive in so worth it. They always offer to help with my bags, but I don't take the help. . . The customer service at the front desk is irreplaceable. They are very helpful and nice. They've even upgraded me a couple of times!. The rooms are reallynice and clean. The beds are super comfortable and the sheets and comforter are really soft and clean.. The bathrooms are nice and big, perfect size. . . The casino itself is really cool. There is a main bar which is in the middle of the casino, then a more vintage-ey bar in the front, by the front desk and then we call it the "circle" bar in the back... I think its called centrifuge. My favorite bar is centrifuge, but really all three bars are good.. . The casino itself is usually pretty happenin. The craps tables are really fun to watch (i dont know how to play) and the blackjack and texas tables are fun as well. Don't feel dumb if you don't really know how to play, the dealers will help you. . . The food at the MGM is also very tasty. I've never had a bad meal there.. . I know some people gave the MGM one star because they took their children there, or because their air conditioner wasn't working properly etc etc. and I totally understand how that can damper a trip, especially if it starts out bad.  But literally every time I've been to the MGM, I've had a superb experience. . . :) ahh, writing this review makes me want to go RIGHT NOW!!! :). Go, you won't regret it!
Largest Hotel in the world is pretty awesome. The buffett isn't all that great, but the Lion viewing section is sweet, great casino, great lobby, great service. the place is massive. Be sure to check out Fat Tuesday's down in the lower shops. This was my first trip to Las Vegas and MGM made it all amazing. Wet Republic is a great party to for the party goers during the day. Tabu's nightclub is fun too. Location is right in the heart of strip, wow we had fun.
overall not bad only $150 per night. Cant beat that!!!
I think the MGM Grand doesn't get enough love from reviewers. The place is classic. Actually, if there was a half button, i'd give them 4 1/2 stars. They're a bit outdated in my opinion. From the furniture to the appliances. I haven't seen such an old TV in 5 years. Come on MGM, replace them. O and the fridge is way too tiny to fit ANYTHING.. . Now for the good stuff. It wasn't even Memorial Day or Labor Day but Vegas was super packed. One bed was going for $250 and up per night if you're looking for a place on the strip. With rates like that, its great if you know someone, and know someone we did. Ended up getting the Marquee Suite which are those rooms at the very end of the hallway with double doors. YEP!! 3 girls in a 1500 sq ft suite. What a waste dont you think? The view was fabulous, and so was the place. Wall to wall windows, with a lovely living room dining room and bar separating the two master bedrooms. But move away from the big stuff, and its the little things that make the biggest difference. Marble tops, robes, sandals, 2 beautiful bathrooms with a spa tub. We used those bathrooms to death. Im sure housekeeping freaked out seeing the mess a couple of girls are capable of. . . Catch a showing of KA, look at some LIONS, stop by the pool with their LAZY RIVER or go to WET REPUBLIC, shop, eat, gamble. They may be outdated but the fact that they do boast some of the best shows as well as parties should be something. I'm inclined to say I am a bit biased, been coming here since I was just a wee tike with the fam and got nothing but good memories back then too.. . Another little hiccup, the day we were checking out turned out to be a bit of a b*tch since a thousand other guests were leaving as well. Called for a bellhop who never showed. Whatever, their loss on tips anyway.
Stayed in 2010. . Was in town for the Alicia Keys concert at the MGM Arena. The hotel was clean, quiet, great restaurants, and it was very easy to get back to my room after the show.
Angel at the front desk made my trip. She was so helpful and friendly. She went out of her way to go above and beyond.
What makes a hotel great for me when staying in Las Vegas is not wanting to leave the hotel to hang out at other places. The MGM Grand fits into that category for me. We hardly left the hotel during our stay, and I regretted it when we did. There is so much to do, see, and eat here that I was not all that inclined to leave. The highlight of the MGM is the pool area (my pool review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pool-at-mgm-las-vegas#hrid:e3wToUSl1KBb3iVrgJCMcQ). I also liked the buffet and most of the various other food options. . . My gripes about the MGM is that the iron in the room sucked, and the self-parking lot is a bit difficult to get to. However they do offer free valet parking. I also did not like eating at Craftsteak, which is their upscale steakhouse (my Craftsteak review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/craftsteak-las-vegas#hrid:UpAxMxpkXW5_sIXlT7yhTw). Besides a few minor details, I have had the best experiences at the MGM compared to the other hotels I have been to on the strip. . . The next time that I am looking for a place to stay in Las Vegas, the first place I will look into is the MGM Grand.
Another great stay at the MGM.  Stayed in one of the Celeb Suites and it was a super nice room.  The place was mobbed on the weekends and the pool was really fun.  . Folks, would you bring your little kids to a drunken frat party?  No?  Then don't bring them to Vegas - just a thought.
This is a very beautiful hotel and they offer free valet parking.  It's always a pleasure to walk around the place and feel the ambiance.  There is a 24/7 Starbucks and bar.  Their Lion exhibit closes early though.  I would stay away from their buffet, it's overpriced and not worth it.
I completely  loved this Hotel my and my bf went to Vegas for our 5 year anniversary. We stayed in the MGM grand hotel it was an awesome experience.. . It was so huge than what I was expecting and much better than the pics I've seen.. . Upon arrival from the airport shuttle (Which drops you off right in front of the entrance) We walk in and there is a big front desk to check in. They were pretty quick about checking us in we had a hard time finding the elevator up to our room because, it is a big overwhelming if you are not use to it plus it was our first time.. . We finally asked one of the casino floor people where the west wing elevators were, We were directed over to them we walked through this long hallway then finally there were the elevators. We go up to our floor and the elevator talks lol.. Something else I was not use too.. We exited onto our floor.. . The room was absolutely awesome, Everywhere had mirrors, the furniture was so modern and nice. the mirrors were actually closets as well you push in the mirror and out it pops to open. It was pretty neat.. . Also there was a tiny window which over looked the vegas strip, which I thought was so neat.. . Bed oh so comfy ! feathered pillows!... . Once we dropped off our bags we went back downstairs to see what we could get into. The casino floor is pretty packed at night of course, If you sit at a machine long enough you will eventually get asked if you want a drink.. Good luck however I had a hard time getting a drink.. . They have so much in One hotel it's insane, A place to see shows like "K'A" which was also amazing ! I highly recommend. Also restaurants everywhere, shops, food court of course like three starbucks that I saw. So much to do here Rainforest caf'e was awesome as well.. . The location overall was so great to just be able to have access to the strip and NYNY hotel as well. I will most defiantly come back
We don't gamble, or drink (alcohol), or do wild parties. Our hotel room even looks as neat when we leave as when we check in. That is, in most respects we are the antithesis of the Vegas strip target audience. So how do we have fun here? With ease.. . MGM Grand, like many of the big Vegas hotel/casino properties, is a city unto itself: shopping, restaurants, and even clean entertainment are easily found. There are two distinct experiences and I love them both. In the afternoon and evenings there is an electric feeling, excitement all around with over-the-top visual and aural saturation. But I also enjoy breakfast and the quiet walks around the MGM city in the mornings when everyone is still crashed after a late night of entertainment.. . All the times we've stayed at MGM Grand, we've never been disappointed in the room or service. Even the regular rooms are nicely appointed and the higher end rooms are luxurious to normal people (not that I'm accused very often of being normal)..  . If you qualify with your reservation, get a VIP pass and go to the front of the line at the buffet-- the humongous buffet that offers seemingly miles of excellent food selections.. . One evening after a thoroughly enjoyable family experience at KA (we love the Cirque du Soleil shows), we dropped in at the Studio Cafe restaurant for a 1:00am light dinner. There I had my first experience with lettuce wraps. Loved them. I've made it a point since to order them when we go to a restaurant where they are available. My wife and I were very impressed with the restaurant staff, always very friendly and helpful. Where do they get all thatenergy at 1:00am?. . A family favorite is The Lion Habitat. We especially enjoy it at feeding time when the animal handler walks around inside the habitat throwing raw meat onto the glass walls right in front of the children. The lions leap up and attack the meat to the nervous delight of the children who stand a few inches away with just an invisible barrier between them and the lion..  . The MGM Grand pool complex is one of our most favorite Grand experiences. We love the exceptionally long, meandering lazy river, drifting along with the grandchildren who sometimes ride on our backs and squeal with fun (or not-so-much) as we go under the waterfalls.
Woohoo! As good as it gets!. . I see no reason to not give 5 stars to the lovely and huge MGM Grand. The only thing people could really complain about is the location because it is so far down on the strip but I came to Vegas prepared to walk my butt off and that's just want I did! . . MGM has every slot machine you could possibly ask for, a good amount of gaming tables, the most awesome computerized roulette table, and is seriously a large enough casino that you could play at al day. The slots and roulette treated me very well (but not my boyfriend & friends!) so i was very lucky. I won over a thousand in roulette when only starting out with $50 and a good amount on the slots.. . We ate at a few of the restaurants and the food court (all of which i'll review) and we were always pleased. . . The room was very nice and plenty large for my boyfriend and I. The bed was comfy and the mirrors in the bathroom were great for getting ready. Our view was not fabulous, we could only see the Tropicana, but still, quite a good room.. . HOLY MOLEY- I almost forgot about the lions! x33333333. . Will return again in the near future and will probably never stay at another hotel in da deserttttt.. . That will be all.
This review is about the hotel aspect of this establishment not so much the casino or restaurants.. I've stayed here more times than I can remember and I've stayed at most other hotels in Vegas as well. I always find good room rates here and I usually get a free upgrade when I check-in. Who doesn't love free upgrades? I know this kid does!. My rooms are always clean when I check-in and the maids do quality work on keeping things sparkly and clean. Since I only smoke an occasional cigar I get nonsmoking rooms and they are exactly that. There isn't a trace of smoke smell in them.. From the valet, concierge, greeter and bag boy the staff here is efficient and friendly. I've never had a question they couldn't handle and they've always been on top of things. If you're travel ling with children they do have an arcade and something of a kids' zone to keep the little ones entertained.. Aside from the hotel I've also made use of their pools and cabanas. In my opinion MGM has one of the nicer cabanas in Vegas. I particularly enjoy the fact the adult cabanas are not located directly adjacent the general swimming pool. A little swim, a lot of sun and a lot of drinks make relaxing easier than you'd think.. I highly recommend The MGM Grand as a great hotel to stay at... besides... you're in Vegas. How much time are you going to spend in your room anyways?
This place was great! We stayed in a suite for 5 days and it was very nice. All the staff are very friendly and will do almost anything for you. The rooms are big and the bathrooms are really really really nice. The bathroom includes a huge jet tub and lots of counter space. It was also nice to have a kitchen to cook in. The beds were also very comfortable and clean. Housekeeping does a great job of keeping all your things organized and clean everyday. The hotel also has live lions in it and a huge casino!!!! I absolutely  loved my stay at MGM and will definitely stay there again when I go back!!!
First of all this is one of the largest hotels in the world. So if you like to keep to yourself this hotel may not mirror up with you unless you visit their exclusive mansions or lofts. . Check in was extrememly fast Which is very important to me. . Being such a large hotel they have multiple room types. I suggest asking for one of their newly remodeled rooms. . The hotel has every type of restaurant you would want. Literally fast food to 5 star and everything in between. . I like sports so i was happy to see a quality sports book. . I also like to get a work out in. I found the spa and work out facility to have all i wanted. . I could write on but, long story short MGM Grand had everything i need, friendly service, and a good value.
MGM is definately a favorite. Have been upgraded numerous times to "nice" rooms. Their rooms are very comfortable but a little dated. i understand they are getting ready for a renovation. The skyloft rooms are great if you are looking for a treat.. . Their dealers are sometimes a little stoic but i have won there more than lost so really not an issue. cocktails do not seem to be a problem and i think they have the last remaining mechanical horse race game in the world. imagine 10 people (all seats filled) betting on little plastic horses clumping a round a little track yelling so loud people from the craps tables come over to see what all the fun is. hard to discribe.
MGM is a great casino and hotel.  Location is also a plus.
EVERYONE! MGM has been remodeled! We stayed this past weekend (1/20-1/22).. I love the new furniture, NEW FLAT SCREENS(finally), the scheme is elegant and super modern, everything was clean, holy crap the bathroom is nice. . . If you don't have m life, sign up to get cheap rooms. We got really good rates! Customer service is great. Housekeeping was up to par. . . I would totally recommend these new upgraded rooms (we stayed in the regular rooms).  . . We also ate at the MGM buffet...idk why everyone doesn't like the food. I loved it. Wasn't to salty wasn't to bland. Yum. . It seems that no one knows about these new remodeled rooms. So I posted a picture
I have stayed here a couple times and every time is just as good as the last. The hotel rooms are nice, but I find myself spending little time in them as there is so much to do at the resort. . . This is by far my favorite casino in Vegas. I love the layout, the crowd, the variety, the dealers and even if you find yourself short on luck at the tables, you can always just go stare at some lions.. . I have only eaten at one restaurant in the resort - Seablue. I wasn't too hungry upon entering it, but I recall coming out fully satisfied. It is a little pricey - especially the seafood appetizer that charges per person at the table. . . I would avoid the CBS Television City attraction as it's really just a ploy for CBS is show you a bunch of commercials and ask you what you do and don't like about them. Your time could be much better spent.. . The pool is the best on the strip, in my opinion. Great crowd, fun crowd, tons of pools - each with its own flavor.. . Some friends and I end up taking guy trips out to Vegas about once a year and have made a tradition of sorts to meet up in the bar at the middle of the casino "Centrifuge" to take shots and kick off what is always sure to be an epic weekend.. . MGM Grand has become an icon for my trips to Vegas and never disappoints.
came here after escaping from Harras (horrible) the guy i spoke to on the phone for last minute reservations was very helpfull, he found us a room and got us a discount so we could do some more gambling. rooms where huge, clean and had a great view. room service was quick for vegas standards. Had an awesome time in their casino won tons of cash had a blast. ill be back a soon as possible MGM!!!
My husband reserved a suite. The suite was beautiful and roomy. No view which kind of sucked but we still enjoyed the room. The room had black out curtains which helps. We slept in until 10am because our room was so dark. The jacuzzi tub was great. We went in it both nights. Plenty of bathroom space for two.The flat screen turns so you can watch it from the couch or from the bed. I would definitely stay again.
the penthouse is beauuuuutiful!!
I just got back from another great stay at the MGM Grand! I am always surprised at the low ratings this place gets on Yelp. We used the Airport Check-in and got our room set up just the way we wanted, including getting a room early.  If you are flying into Vegas, take advantage of this service because the lines at the hotel front desk are crazy long!. . The MGM is huge, but contrary to other reviews on here, I believe it is well designed and easy to navigate. I use a wheelchair and it never takes me more than a few minutes to get anywhere on the property.  Just a reminder to all my Yelp friends out there...ALL casinos are designed to make you walk by those pretty little Slot Machines as much as possible. That's how they make their money. Don't expect anything different.. . Our room didn't have all the bells and whistles of some Casinos, but at $49 a night, I am not complaining. It was well designed for a wheelchair user, except for the Shower, which had the bench, hand held unit and the controls all jammed into one corner, which would've made things a little difficult if I'd been alone.  Luckily, my Girlfriend and I turned it into a positive (wink, wink!). Ok, sorry if that was Too Much Information.. . Every time I've stayed here the staff has been friendly and helpful. This trip was no different.  When we had problems with our Rental Car (no fault of MGM), the Concierge we spoke with went out of her way to help us!. . The MGM provides quality accommodations, great Customer Service and outstanding convenience to Las Vegas visitors. It continues to my first choice on my trips to Sin City!
I am updating this review because I am VERY impressed with the new MGM "GRANDer" rooms. Now the rooms are on a comparable level with all of the 5 star hotels - Wynn, Venetian, etc. . . The new bathrooms have a very sexy rectangle light which is amazing. The new beds and minifridge are clutch to any party. The new TV is significantly better than the old ones, and now there are audio/video plugs to throw a party. . . The floor is significantly cleaner, the rooms are MUCH better than the old "classic" ones, and I am game to stay at MGM Grand every time!
I am a huge fan of MGM now. I had never even been in this place before I stayed here last weekend but now I will be back. Everything went great from the check in process to the location of the room. It was fast to get from the casino floor to the room and back (something you definitely cannot say at alot of strip hotels).. . I stayed in one of the newly remodeled King Deluxe rooms and it was awesome - flat screen tv, marble shower, comfortable bed and electronic sunshade.
This hotel has it all.  Fun, class, customer service and great food!! I can't even begin to tell you how awesome the bartenders are. Never a bad time at this place, but I have to say don't go to their buffet. I don't know why but it's not the greatest.  So many good restaurants in the hotel though.  At all prices.  Go wherever you want, eat at whatever price you want all in the same hotel.  Go play video poker at the bar and get a free drink unlike other pretentious places. Best overall hotel on the strip.  . . Again, This hotel has it ALL!!
I must say the greatest hotel experience I have recently add in my life was at the MGM Grand. I went this past weekend for a special yelp themed Spring Break event. The instant I arrived at the hotel I was was received and treated extremely well. I asked for an upgrade at the registration desk and the person who was checking me, told me she would talk to her manager. The manager came out, properly introduced herself and told me we had several upgrades available, the first one they tried to offer was their recently renovated suites, which she showed me images of in their catalog. I almost took it, but then inquired about the other suite - the properly named Celebrity Suite. The Celebrity suite was about 650 square feet, has a hot tub and a king sized bed with an awesome view overlooking the Vegas strip. She sold me at hot tub. They even were nice enough to waive my resort fee, since I was not planning to use the wi-fi or use other services.. . When I entered the room I was in love, it was everything they mentioned and so much more as visions of hot tub parties danced in my head. For the two days me and my buddy ED A stayed at the hotel, we were treated like royalty as each day we were given bottles of champagne and given awesome thank you cards.. . The hotel boasts also several pools, with Wet Republic being the most popular. The pool I must say was an awesome experience as well, with several spectacular views and the djs spinning classic club bangers. . . Finally the staff was great from the receptionist, to the manager, the cleaning people and the Parking attendant, who assisted me greatly when I couldnt find my parking ticket. . . Overall the MGM Grand was a masterful experience, and I would totally stay their again.
I haven't been to the MGM since 2003 and after my recent trip to Vegas I can guarantee you it won't be another 9 years before I am back! I was so impressed with this hotel from check in to check out. I arrived at 10:30am on Saturday and was surprised to see our room was available for us even at that hour. We were told we would have a recently remodeled room too. Upon entering the room we inspected it for cleanliness and it was spotless.. . We then headed down to the Grand Pool for the afternoon and had a great time. We were again impressed with the fact that we were allowed to bring in our own beer to the pool provided we use their cups. No problem. There were many pools and all were clean and offered a different vibe. Just so you know, don't expect the "lazy river" to be a lazy river you've probably experienced elsewhere. There are hardly any inner tubes in the river and it is entirely 20 somethings partying it up. I was hoping for a relaxing trip down the lazy river, but it was still very fun. . . Thank you MGM Grand for a great experience and for treating us Yelpers so well! I will return for sure.
We staid at the Celebrity Spa Suite. If this is what being a celebrity feels like, then I need to learn to perform, or leak and ahem "tape". I've lived in apartments smaller then this suite. I've had a living room about the size of the bathroom. The "spa" is whirpool tub that comfortably fits 3. Marble floors and double sinks. Down feather comforter, a table, couches. Say here, and this will the he after, after party of your night.
This place is awesome, girls everywhere, location is cool. The pool, lazy river was amazing. Overall had a great stay, they renovated all there rooms.
Ohhh the MGM. Large and green, it stands out as a destination on the Las Vegas Strip. I recently stayed here for 3 nights and had a great experience from the time I walked in the door. All of the employees were very friendly and helpful. I was seriously impressed with how professional everyone was. That's one of the main reasons I gave them 5 stars. I felt like everything I needed was taken care of. My room was newly remodeled in lovely modern decor. I did wish they had a balcony, but I know that's not very common in Las Vegas. It also would have beennice to have a separate mini fridge (besides the minibar) for food I wanted to eat later. I suppose I should have asked about that. The bed was amazing! I got the best sleep I possibly could, while in Vegas. If only I had a bed like that at home!! But for some reason the casino and hallways were always freezing. I'm from Phoenix, I can't handle that! . . I also loved the pool. It was huge with a lazy river, volleyball and waterfall pools all packed full of people having a good time. I went two days in a row and never wanted to leave! . . They also were so nice to hold my bags when I checked out and had some time to kill before heading to the airport. (Super close to the airport which is a plus!). . Overall I really had a good time staying at the MGM Grand. It was really close to lots of other hotels I wanted to walk to and even though there was usually a line for cabs, the wait went by very quickly (they were also legit and trustworthy cabs). I would definitely stay there again if I was going back to Vegas!!
For our latest trip to Las Vegas, we stayed here at the MGM Grand.  This is my most frequently used hotel on the Strip, this trip was extra special.  When I booked my reservation online, I noted that my wife & I were spending our 5th wedding anniversary here.  On our second day, one of the hotel staff delivered a bottle of champagne and a tray of chocolates to our room, along with a hand-written note from the director of hotel operations.  This was a very nice and unexpected touch!
5 star service from our recent stay at the MGM for the Yelp Elite national event!. . I was so impressed with how we were treated by the staff, especially by the Assistant Manager Darren.  He took care of the issues with the invoice error and also let us check-out at a later time since we were going to the Billboard music awards that night even if the hotel was at full capacity.. . The renovated rooms were modern and clean, smaller than the Venetian similar decor.  . . What topped off the stay was delivery of champagne and sweets to our room compliments from the hotel. Awesome! We felt like we were VIP!. . I wouldn't have stayed at MGM if it wasn't for the Yelp promo but I'm definitely glad I did! . . Thanks MGM, I'll see you again!
Dear MGM Grand,. . I love you. I love you like a ant finding a piece of sugar and carry it back to it's anthill... I love you like that.. . I did stay here because of a Yelp event, but I could had stayed anywhere else really. I could had stayed at the Aria, Stratosphere, and even Platinum.... but no. I chose the MGM... why? Because it's high end without the price. . . I got a King Room with a view! Loved it! 27th floor. Woot!. My fiance and I loved it. . . ROOM:. Clean. Fridge. TV. LOTS OF PILLOWS (This is a plus for me). . . And surprisingly... OUTLETS next to the bed!!! Don't you hate it when you need to charge your phone and you have to find a plug and then you see the lamp is tied to the plug and then you have to find another source because you need lights? Then you have to leave your phone ON the floor... Not here! Outlets attached to the lamp, biatches!!! Aw yeah, +1 Star for me.. . Free Wifi - SWEETNESS. . The shades were SO COOL. Press button for shade, press button for ULTIMATE BLACKNESS. . . BATHROOM:. Spacious... and LOTS of towels. YES. I love you.. . CONDIMENTS:. All fancy and it worked. I had jasmine scented shampoo and conditioner and soaps and lotions. The quality... eh... I've had better, but it was a big amount per night ratio (As an Asian, I look at that). . . BONUS:. We received a Welcome Champagne and chocolates and water from the hotel - mainly for yelp stuff but honestly... I've been to the MGM before without champagne and it was pretty sweet still. So the fact they gave us it, I would had given them 6 stars. . . RESORT FEES: . Umm... I'm a sweet-talker. Just gonna say that. . But if I did get the fees, you bet I would be at the pool and gym using ALL the amenities. The Asian in me would be all up on that. . . SERVICE:. Front desk was so nice and easy checking in and out... it was the Billboard Music Awards that weekend and I was still treated well... Sweet. . . OVERALL:. Love this place. . Yes, I'd stay at the Lion again.
tried to get in and was told no sleeves no service so as i walked away i seen a table of ladies wearing hardly anything. the bathing suits shown almost everything ..... if your a man then watch out you might not get in this was at the emeril resteraunt at the mgm grand ....... mgm grand it's self was great pricey but great we had our room upgraded due to over booking but the emeril resteraunt was not good!!!
The MGM grand is first class. Very classy starting with the valet all the way to the people that clean the rooms. Very polite and everyone treats you with respect.. . I took there offer to upgrade when I checked in and boy am I glad it was only a few extras bucks but really worth the extra. . . I highly recommend to stay here. Its in the heart of the strip you can walk to everything from this hotel. When I return in a few months I am staying her again.. . Thank you MGM
I am a FAN of the PLACE.  I love staying here.  The POOL is awesome no doubt its always a fun day at the POOL here.  . I have stayed at Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Venetian, Hooters, Hard Rock, Flamingo and sooooooooo on. But MGM is still the BEST!!!. They have everything I want while in VEGAS, Fat Tuesdays, Sushi Restaurant that is delicious, Cigars DAVIDOFF shop, Lounges, and so much more.  If you come to Vegas stay here in the WEST WING area its a cool spot to stay!
Wonderful room, comfy stay. My kids loved the lazy river and pools.
I've partied and hung out in this casino multiple times, great atmosphere and great dining choices. Finally got a room here and they are nicely furnished !  nice clean place with great staff. The pool was pretty awesome with its lazy river,  only bad thing was an emergency alarm blasted thru the hotel speakers at 8am and lasted for approx 20 min.  Not good after a hard night of partying. Besides that I would highly recommend
I love the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.  We stayed in the West wing and the room was just perfect.  No noise whatsoever so when we had to crash after our all nighters around Vegas we actually got to sleep in.  Their bed was super soft and comfy.  They have a vast array of restaurants, bars, shops, gaming, etc.  We had the munchies one night and I actually went down and grabbed some burgers in my pajamas!  Within walking distance to everything; if you don't want to walk just use their train/tram thing they have upstairs.  It is well worth it, about $8 a day per person and I think it's connected to all casinos on the strip.
one of my fav's.  stayed here 3 times and got upgraded each time for free.. . PRO's-hotel is amazingly huge, lobby is nice, checkin fast, staff is super attentive, casino is huge, almost mazelike =) very nice decorative hallways and elevators, lots of shops and resturants for all price ranges which was a plus for me.  Rooms were by far the biggest for vegas standards. central air, adjustable beds, comfy pillows, robes, free wifi, awesome strip views, marble bathroom, double sinks, tub, and seperate shower, spa toiletries. Overall an amazing hotel for a standard price. they can actually charge more for the size of the rooms. free addmission to pool sundays for wet-republic.. . CON's- at night the hotel is popping in the casinos and bars so it can take a while to get through to the elevators to get to the rooms, and to get seated at a restaurant.  Valet was terrible. DO NOT DO valet.  their ticket times are average 10 mins, its faster to just go to the parking garage.
One of my favorite hotels in Vegas.. . I have stayed here at least 5 times. I believe, it might've been the first hotel I ever stayed at in Vegas. I dont remember very clearly because I was very young. . . I've always beena fan of cinema and old Hollywood. The pools at this place are beyond awesome as well. Take your pick, I always lose count of how many they have. Plus the lazy backlot river, which is always fun. The buffet and restaurants are all delicious, I dont ever remember having a bad meal.. . I give this hotel 5 stars not because it is the best hotel on the Strip, but because it holds many memories for me. There are far more luxurious options in Vegas. But this place will always remind me of my younger years.
We stayed at the Signature suites behind the MGM but this newly remodeled casino is beautiful and it does not look like it was built in the early 90's.  Several great restaurants, stores, food court, HUGE casino, great pools, decent sports book, cool bars, and a great location on the strip.  I wish I could remember more but Vegas is always a blur.
love this Hotel its reputation is well worth it, Everything you need  is here a long as you have money we stayed her 3 nights had a blast they even gave us show tickes for free I could not have had a better time. The staff is freindly but is always really busy but you could imagin working a such a big hotel.
My wife and I visit Vegas several times a year, usually frequenting different places based on the best deal we can find.  On our last trip, we found ourselves in MGM and enjoyed the experience so much that we felt compelled to write about it.  We hung out at the casino bar at the wee hours of the morning and the experience was fantastic.  We were thoroughly entertained by the bartender, who had us laughing all night (morning?).  The only thing better than the entertainment was the Bloody Marys (I wish I could remember the bartender's name, something with a D...just look for the bartender that looks just like Kevin James from King of Queens).  It was nice to find a friendly bartender in a town filled with d-bags working the bar.  Anyway, we topped off the night by eating at the cafe, which was a little on the pricey side, but hey, thats Vegas.  Food was decent and hit the spot after a long night on the town.  We will definitely be staying at the MGM on our next trip thanks to "Kevin James's" great service and sales pitch for the hotel!
Last minute stay here recently and we were very happy! Only stayed one night. Guy who checked us in at registration was super friendly. We had a room in the Grand tower, two queen beds. Larger room than the king bed. Stunning room! Beautifully decorated and everything was very clean. Wish we could have stayed longer.  Will be back!
Loved it! The room was nice and modern! Just the way I like it! Bathrooms were clean and everything was just downstairs! Casino and food court!  In the early morning they brought us a 6pack fuji water since our room was a VIP member room and it was great! Scared the shit out of us but man the  water saved us! We called for so much stuff, q tips, towels, toothbrush lol. They probably hated us but they were so nice about it. . . We ordered room service at like 7 in the morning and the soup was gross, Hashbrown was great and the tenders were good. Overall, I would definitely stay here again! Far from stuff but walk able!
CIndy is the best! she helped me out so much with my reservation and was so paitent with me! clean rooms, and the maids do a great job! not TOOO big were you get lost, very friendly staff
I wanted to write something positive about MGM properties (MGM Grand, NY-NY, Luxor, etc) in general.  . . 5-stars because:. - MGM properties treat military service members and Vegas locals pretty well in my experience.  With either a locals ID or military ID (I have both but of course I just have to show one of them) I don't have to pay a cover charge to get in to their bars/lounges/clubs (Coyote Ugly, Tabu, Studio 54 back when it existed, etc).. - Free trams/shuttles/people-movers between their properties: Treasure Island-Mirage; Bellagio-CityCenter-Monte Carlo; Excalibur-Luxor-Mandalay Bay.. - It'll be a long time before the Strip or Vegas will see a new mega-complex built that'll be as large/expensive/cool as CityCenter (which contains the Cosmo, Aria, Mandarin Oriental, Vdarra, Crystal shopping center...).
I like the MGM grand a lot because of the 90's themepark casinos, it's adapted to survive.  Like, Luxor and Excalibur are all shabby now, but MGM is still great.  I love that it's a one-stop destination for shopping, gambling, eating, shows, etc.  It's not as "fancy" as some of the newer places up the strip, but I like the low keyness to it all.
I only stayed here because Ava and Frank would have. The framed portrait of Ava in the hallway on my floor was a nice start to my mornings and ending to my evenings. My coworkers were at Mandalay Bay were the conference was being held. The haul back and forth between hotels got old by the fourth day but Wet Republic (the adult pool area) was pretty awesome. Give me great staff and reliable wi-fi and here's your 5 stars!
I've never sayed at the MGM before.  I thought everything was very wonderful overall.  I saw room pictures online, so I knew they newly remodelled the rooms and they looked nice:  Modern with clean lines.  I booked the room through Priceline and stayed during the last week of Dec.  For $87/night & getting a $75 dining credit, I was very satisfied.  Sure, there's newer, swankier hotels, but I stayed here because the price was good & I knew it would be like new due to the recent remodeling of the rooms.. . My boyfriend and I stayed in the Grand King room on the 27th floor and it's definitely roomy enough for two people.  The bed was nice and your head really sinks into the pillow.  They have 37' or 42' inch flat screen Samsung TVs.  The room was nicely decorated and the bathroom had great chrome fixtures.  They sure do have very, very hot water, which is good.. . I saw the Cirque du Solilel KA show here and it was fabulous!  The theatre is quite huge.  I ate at the MGM Grand buffet one night and it was nice and no wait.  We were there at about 9:20pm.. . Check-in was a bit of a wait since I was there very close to the 3pm check-in time, but check-out was much quicker since I was there about 2 hours before the 11am check-out time.  The procedures themselves were simple.  I was asked if I wanted a lower or higher floor.  The view from the room was OK.  We faced the back of the strip, but that's alright.  Room service prices were high, as expected.  I think the cheapest food on it were $17 sandwiches.
very nice and clean casino floor.  . . beers at 9am?  cocktail service still walking around that time in the casino.  . . wheel of fortune slot machine, awesome!  a few machines at that time of the day paid big.  but with the money you spend at vegas, nothing under $10k would be consider BIG.
We just stayed at the MGM Grand for 3 nights and I had 2 rooms.  The stay was fantastic.  They rooms are really nice, you get what you pay for and then some... Yes the Bellagio is nicer but it cost more too!. . What I really liked was how friendly the staff was from top to bottom.  Also the customer service is out of this world.  We had an issue where houskeeping never came to clean either room one night.. . The next day the manager of the hotel apologized and comped us for a buffett which was worth over $200... They took ownership of the mess up and made me feel like I counted for something... That is an awesome thing in a hotel so large. I would come back, would recommend the MGM as well.. . The only thing I don't like is it is a bit far from the middle of the strip, but we got a great workout with all the walking.
My friend and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at MGM  Our room had a great view and it was very spacious, clean and comfortable. They have a great staff!
I loved my stay here.. stayed in the 2nd tower on the 18th floor.. Service is wonderful.. valet is super nice and friendly... Every single employee that I encountered was beyond helpful and friendly... My future stays will definitely be here and will recommend this place to everyone..
This review is in regards to their customer service for show booking, Cirque du Soleil KA specifically. I made a mistake when booking, and they were EXTREMELY helpful and forgiving allowing me to make changes to my reservation. I had called a few times before to ask about tickets and made my reservation, and they were very helpful then, as well. But when I called back and had to ask for additional help, they went above and beyond! Kudos!
Awesome lady at checkin. Very friendly at almost one am. Take it from a hotel clerk at a less busy place every, that's a huge deal in my book! Though we weren't being dbags sooo that's to be expected :p  spa suite is lovely!my travel partner was impressed with the renovations, just finished 4 months ago, so there's that! I love the movie light in the room! And cheese and rice, I think you can plug anything into the plugin thing on the tv stand desk, yes very technical I know. Hey. It's my first morning in Vegas and I'm recovering :p I didn't hear planes at all while sleeping. I love the shades! Automatic with a few settings, sheer blackout or both. I personally love the view, it's the side with hooters, the desert!!! And mountains!!!  Can't really say enough good about the room! Very little bad if any! If you want a fridge, they're 35 dollars which I suppose is nothing when you're in Vegas lol. And I'm in VEGAS!!!! screw most of my dietary restrictions.
Very nice hotel and rooms that are so dark you sleep like you have never slept before.  I will stay here again. My only complaint is they spray so much air fresher in the casino
What is there not to like about the Green Monster?  You have everything under one roof: plenty of shows, the most high-end dining (Joel Robuchon) to casual eats (a full food court). . . Many people complain this place is too big, but if you think about it, there is not much of a reason to leave the property.  The pool area is huge, with several small pools, a lazy river and a day club.. . I can't imagine nor wait, how much more happening this already great property will be once Hakkasan opens in a few weeks!
When I went to Las Vegas last year (or 2, it's all a blur), this was the hotel my friend and I stayed at. I have to say that I was really impressed with the hotel. The lobby is absolutely gorgeous. We also received great customer service, see there was small mix up in the reservation where they were going to only give us 1 bed (we're close friends but not that close), but the check in person handled it professionally and courteously and within a few minutes it had been corrected without any additional charges. . .  Our room was great, I slept great the first night I arrived....after that I barely slept, because c'mon this is Vegas baby. We had all the conveniences right there in the hotel from the casino, restaurants, stores, and shops. While we were there they even had a lion/tigers den with REAL lions/tigers (heard it was removed now). And I had a so much fun just gambling in the lobby. I didn't really get to experience the restaurants with the exception of McD's (let's just say I learned a valuable lesson in Vegas...I'm not cut out to be a gambler), but if I ever go back I'm def going to have to give it a try. Overeall, we had a amazing time and I hope to be back.
I loved this hotel!  Great customer service, and our room was a great deal with a huge comfy bed and a great view.  What more do you need?
great place to stay. I'd book this place again.
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Never stayed at the hotel, however, love browsing and spending time here 'cause it's a gorgeous hotel just to browse and walk around in detail in general.
Clean place... great food.... gambling costy but worth every dollar!!
The MGM Grand Hotel was pretty awesome.. . You can pay a little extra for early check-in and late check-out, which we were told a few times wasn't guaranteed.  After staying at a horrifying motel the night before (and barely sleeping a wink), my girlfriends and I headed over the MGM Grand.  Half-awake and desperate to check-in at 9:00AM, it was Jeepett at the front desk who was our saving grace.  She was so personable and accommodating -- it made the morning so much easier.  She is reason I'm giving the hotel five stars instead of four.. . Our room was spacious. It had a sort-of view of the Strip (not what we expected but still decent-ish).  The linens were clean, the bathroom was clean, the beds were comfortable.  There was no safe, which was a little upsetting, but it seems like they're still renovating various parts of the hotel, so it might be something they plan to add later.... . The hotel itself has a lot of great features.  There are a lot of places to eat and drink, the casino is fairly large, and there are several pools to choose from. If you'd actually like to go into the water, I would strongly suggest avoiding Wet Republic.  Also, Wet Republic's food/beer/water prices are obscene -- the regular pool area costs WAY less and you can still hear the music.. . My friends and I would definitely stay here again.  Next time, though, we'll probably trade out the $30 cover for Wet Republic in for the $12 rental for an inner tube on the lazy river...
Wir hatten bereits renovierte Zimmer und ich finde es gehort mit zu den besten am Strip. Unvergleichlich was hier am Wochenende abgeht. Party ohne Ende in den Clubs und an der Bar oder am groen Pool.
Had a great time at the MGM. It was our first trip to Vegas and I'm glad we picked this hotel. Check in was nice and easy. I was surprised that our room was ready at 11am. We were able to go right in, get rid of our bags and start our vacation. We had three rooms with our group and we had no problem getting the rooms next to each other.. The room was very clean and the bed was so comfortable. The green glow in the room at night really sets the right mood.
We stayed at the Presidential suite and WOW it was amazing! From start to finish, our stay at MGM was fantastic.. . At the valet, we had a ton of bags and "provisions" for the weekend and the bellhop was very efficient and friendly, directing us to the right area to check in. As we walked into the lobby, the smell of perfume and friendly faces greeted us. Throughout our stay, the concierge and people we talked to throughout the hotel and at the nightclub, Hakkasan, treated us very well. Even our room service was fast, delicious, and served with good service.  . . Our room had a beautiful view of the desert and airport, a change of scenery from the strip, but it was lovely. We had a GIANT living room/kitchenette/bar/sofa/seating arrangement. The sofa was a big sectional and was SO comfortable with tons of pillows and situated in front of a giant flatscreen and music docks, etc. The pool table was an awesome addition, as well. There was a seating area around a table for about 6 people, very nice furnishings with white leather seats. Also, there was a desk area with another chair to do some "business" but we didn't need to use it. Our kitchenette/bar had plenty of storage on the counter, with well-appointment glassware, a jigger, martini shaker, bottle opener, and another giant flatscreen above it. Only complaint was that they locked the mini fridge because we didn't want to use their food/drinks (since we brought so much of our own) but that meant we had to keep replenishing our coolers with ice from the far away ice maker. We saw a mini fridge being delivered to another room, but I guess there was miscommunication and we didn't order one...but next time we know!. . Our two bathrooms had amazing products from Bulgari, plenty of fluffy towels, and we found comfy robes and slippers in the nicely sized closet. The room that I shared with a friend had a corner view and amazing blackout curtains for those hangover kind of mornings, a nice wardrobe of drawers for folded clothes, a giant flatscreen tv, and a king-size bed was SO comfortable we didn't want to get out of it! we were provided with tons of pillows and extra towels with no problem! Many hotels I've stayed at before were cheap with linens, but MGM has very nice towels and linens- I was impressed. The room was a generous size and very clean. The bathroom adjoined to our room also had a door to the living room. It was HUGE with a full bath/shower combo, another walk in shower with a glass door, and a HUGE vanity with two sinks and PLENTY of room and storage for all of our girly products. The lighting was also perfect. . . I drunkenly ordered room service at 3am on Thursday night of our stay (make sure to eat dinner before you go clubbing and have bottle service- whoops) and the burger I got was worth every penny, although it was huge and I only ate half. It came with fries which were delicious, too! I ordered ranch which was $5 extra (yikes!) but even that was so good, too!. . During the day, we went to Wet Republic which is always so much fun. Our second day we spent at the lazy river which was packed, but definitely fun to people watch and relax. Again, everything was just perfect. . . I had never stayed here before but I would definitely return! Thanks everyone at MGM for making our stay memorable!
I've never stayed in the hotel. However this is one of the nicer casinos on the strip. They have plenty of great slots machines, and great choices for food and drinks.
I stayed at this hotel many years ago when it first opened and then again in June 2013.  My husband and I really enjoyed our stay. We were upgraded to a beautiful room with a great view of the strip. (We were told it had been recently renovated.)  We saw the David Copperfield show at the hotel, which was awesome and enjoyed the buffet one evening -- which was truly amazing. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  My only negative, and it's very specific to me -- I would have liked to have seen a detachable handheld shower attachment -- the fixed one was too high for me and the water pressure wasn't the greatest, but there again we were on the 17th floor, so maybe that had something to do with it!
BEST HOTEL ON THE STRIP!!. . My husband and I went hotel/Casino hopping and stayed at MGM for our stay. Holy Moly. Where to start? I LOVE the lazy river pool [which is just one of 5] where they let you rent a $16 tube for the day which is slightly retarded, OR let you just swim around which is what we decided to do. It was great!. . All the restaurants and shops are really cool too in the hotel! . . Our room was a king suite on the 4th floor in the west tower. It was truly super beautiful and we felt so comfortable! It was very clean and well put together. My only complaint is we went to gordon ramseys steakhouse and had some [expensive] leftovers, but they charged you to store food in their fridge!!! That ticked me off a little bit, but I got over it.. . When we walked in and checked into our room, we literally got handed a map of the hotel so we could find our way around. Definitely helped to study that thing! I think my husband walked the wrong way everytime we tried to walk up to our room or going in and out of the elevators. This hotel is HUGE. . . We gambled the most here, the casino was amazing. We played slots and tables. We interacted with one black jack dealer in particular, I believe his name was Mark from PA and he was SO patient with me as I was learning the game, as well as the rest of the table!. This hotel was in a great location where you could easily access NYNY and some other popular hotels, however was quite a walk from the other end of the strip, but thats fine if you don't mind walking! [we loved it]!! And it is also one of the closest to the airport which was super convenient as well!. . Highly recommend it. I promise we will be going back soon and deff staying here! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!. . oh. but no more lions :(
Cheap rooms, great pool area with lazy river and etc, lots of good restaurants..... . There is a little bit of everything here, from housing the big fights, to concerts, shows....everything in vegas can be found in the MGM.. . Only thing I could complain about is the self parking, and how far you have to walk to get inside the main casino, but for a property this big, it's not outrageous.  You could always Valet if it is a big deal to you.. . I'd consider it a must see if you are a tourist...they house some of the best restaurants to be found in vegas, but you'll pay handsomely for them!
The rooms are nice here...probably in need of a renovation but the price is definately worth it! Its in a good location with great restaurants and shops. I guess m life partnered up with hyatt, so now you can get hyatt rewards...
It's the MGM Grand.. you can't really go wrong here.  The only complain about this hotel/casino is the cocktail waitresses are kind of rude, but maybe I was just in a bad section.
The room was immaculate. Had everything you could need. The blackout curtains saved my life. I could've caught up on all my sleeping. The view was very good. The pool was awesome. The casino was nice. Overall a great experience.
Pretty much one of my favorite places to stay on the strip. Keep it up.
I had a great experience during my stay at the MGM.. . Upon arrival, I had to wait about 45 minutes in line, which was a bit irritating, but I soon realized people watching is not a bad way to start off your first trip to Vegas. When I got to the front, I was pretty mortified to find out I would have to put down a $300 deposit on the room (I had won the trip and wasn't expecting that), but the lady was very helpful and lowered it to $200 for me. From there, it was only good things!. . Our room itself was gorgeous! Really spacious, clean, and smelled just fine. I don't know what other people were complaining about. Although the outside view was of the oh-so-beautiful LV airport (-_-), we weren't there for that, so it didn't really matter. Also, most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept on. And the bathroom?! Oh jeez, don't even get me started on that amazing mirror. Let's just say two girls who were planning on getting fancy quite a bit that weekend were very pleased.. . The rest of the hotel was also lovely. Yes, the casino smells like cigar smoke, but what LV casino doesn't? MGM had a good selection of shops and restaurants. Really entertaining place to just walk around; might even see some celebrities like we did. Pools = Awesome! Never had trouble finding a place to sit and soak up some rays. (Although we gave up on trying to get into Wet Republic when Calvin Harris was there... food was beckoning and the line was as long as the Great Wall.). . Staff was also super helpful. Room service was friendly and gave us extras of pretty much everything we asked for. I almost missed check-out time, had a panic attack, called the front desk, and the lady took care of it for me over the phone. Awesome? Yes. . . Like I said, I won the trip, so I'm not sure if I would pay full price to stay here (college student woes). However, if I found a good deal, I would definitely come back. Loved the MGM!
Still a top hotel choice for me to stay at anytime I'm in Vegas. Everything I could want is under one roof.. -Do I want entertainment? There are shows (KA; David Coppefield; etc) or depending on the schedule a concert or fight. MGM has the Grand Arena which has the capacity to hold a large number of people to attend headline concerts and/or major fights.. -Do I want to eat? There's a variety of eateries and restaurants to choose ranging from food court dining to fine dining. My favorite steak place, Craftsteak is right here :). -Do I want to sleep well? The room rates are pretty good compared to other hotels on the strip. The rooms have been updated and the beds are comfy. . -Do I want to party? There are bars and lounges sprinkled throughout the hotel. There's also Wet Republic day club and  the newest night club in town, Hakkasan.. -Do I want to relax? There is a spa and the very large pool area with a number of pools to choose from. . -Do I want to gamble? Take your pick of the many tables offered in the casino. . . As I'm writing this review, I'm comfortably situated in my newly remodeled MGM room. The entire room is pitch black (making it ideal to fully concentrate on Yelping lol) thanks to the awesome blackout shades that Ican automatically control with a push of a button. Of the other hotels I've stayed at, this is the only time I've ever seen legit blackout shades and as many times as I've been to Vegas, there's nothing more annoying than rays of light peeking and/or streaming through your window after a very long night of gambling, drinking, and clubbing! But enough about the blackout shades.... . As mentioned in my initial review, MGM consistently offers me reasonable room rates. There are 2 ways for you to score their deals (I've done both). . 1) Sign up to receive their emails. Check out mgmgrand.com to sign up on their guestbook.. 2) Sign up to become an Mlife member. Check out Mlife.com for info. It's free to sign up. Most Vegas hotels offer players cards that reward you for your loyalty to them, but I've solely remained an Mlife member because of its ease of use, its perks, and I can also use it at other Vegas hotels within the MGM network (Aria, Vdara, Mandalay Bay, the Mirage, etc). These are hotels I usually frequent when I'm in Vegas. I'm in the gold tier ;) . . During this most recent Vegas trip, I came with my mom and sister for a quick weekend getaway. For a Sat-Mon stay, total came to $208 including taxes and fees. My mom booked it via her Mlife membership.. . In 3 days, I'm returning to Vegas with my boyfriend, family, and friends. No surprise as to where we're all staying lol.
I really enjoy standing at the MGM Grand. Their Management and Staff treat their regular customers like the VIPs they are... I received a room upgrade and several comps while I was there over the weekend. . . Their KA Show is amazing, along with the Michael Jackson One Show by Cirque du Soleil at the Mandalay Bay, which is one of the best Cirque du Soleil Shows in Vegas.. . The MGM Grand Hotel is well kept and their rooms recently went through millions of dollars in upgrades. Beautiful rooms, with great Management and Staff. . . Only one Con for the MGM:. . There is a mandatory $25 a day Resort Fee, which was an issue for me. This fee included an additional $3 in taxes ($28). It's a fee you cannot decline, which I tried... So how is it taxed when it's mandatory?  It's not a purchase, so where is the tax coming from?  . . It really doesn't make sense too me, however I did have a great time regardless of the $84 in Resort Fees, which I won back with interest at the tables.
The MGM never disappoint$. :)
I would definitely have to give a 5/5 stars for MGM based on my experience here.  I booked a complimentary  room through myVegas (facebook game that gives real Vegas prizes).  Upon arrival, I noticed the extremely long line of people waiting to check in.  This was at 6:00 pm too!  I waited for about ten to fifteen minutes until I could talk to a representative to check in.  I started to chat it up with the person that was helping me check in.  I asked him if he had any complimentary upgrades available; perhaps a larger room.  I was expecting him to say he did not have anything available because the hotel seemed so busy.  He asked me to give him a minute.  A minute passes and he tells me to hold on some more.  He leaves the desk and comes back five minutes later.  When he comes back, he tells mehe has upgraded me to the a grand towers' suite room!  I was in shock that he hooked it up, because I had tried the same thing at Aria, and she shot me down rather quickly.  After that, I gave him a $20 and darted to the room.  . . The room itself was all the way at the end of the 10th floor, which is good, because all the good rooms are at the end of the halls.  When I opened the doors, I was greeted with a living room with a table, couches, chairs, lamps, and a flat screen t.v.  I then opened the cellular shades with the panel on the wall, and was amazed by the fantastic view of the many hotels and casinos on the strip.  After that, I walked into the bathroom and found his and her sinks, as well as a tub, and a separate shower.  After making my way past the bathroom, I found the master bedroom.  The view was not as spectacular as from the living room though.  However, there was yet another t.v., as well as a table.  This was definitely one awesome room.  . . As for the hotel itself, parts are outdated, and other areas have been remodeled.  I think it is a hit and miss regarding their rooms.  I have read horrible reviews, and others being very positive.  . . All in all, I had a very good experience for my first time staying here.  Thank you kind sir for upgrading us for free, even when we already had a free room.  It was greatly appreciated!
Stayed here for my boyfriend's 21st b-day, and stayed here again for my b-day. The rooms are refreshing with bright colors. The window shades are wicked cool and could totally block out any sunlight while you rest up from a late night party. The hotel is clean and updated. There are many great night life within this hotel; the popular hakkasan, and wet republic. . . The casino floor is humongous and has a variety of games. The roulette table was jammed packed and very fun. It was even entertaining to watch. . . Forgot to mention the Cirque Du Soleil show, "Ka." I've seen 2 Cirque Du Soleil show and this is the best one. Ka has a storyline that is easy to follow unlike the other ones. This was an amazing show. . . This is our hotel of choice if we ever go back to Vegas.
During my stay in Vegas, this was just many of the hotels you can walk through just because and its beautiful
Great experience at the MGM. Service and comfort was awesome. Added bonus: got one of the BEST massages ever from Valerie at the spa.
This is one of my favorite places to stay.  On the monorail line for the convention center, lots of room, restaurants, playing tables, bars, pools.  You really don't ever have to leave the place to find something for every budget.  Nice rooms, decent rates and plenty of stuff to do.
Pour une premiere a Vegas, le MGM nous a vraiment donne entiere satisfaction. Le casino est classe mais sans etre trop coince (comme le Bellagio par exemple) et il regle une atmosphere de fun decontracte qui est vraiment agreable.. . Ensuite ca reste un casino IMMENSE avec une des plus grandes galleries marchandes de Vegas. Des machines a sous et des restaurants pour toutes les bourses et tous les gouts. . . En ce qui concerne l'hotel, nous avons eu une suite deluxe, avec une salle de bains immense dotee d'un jacuzzi.
I stay often, about every  2-3 months. They restaurants here are amazing, the pool is large and not too crowded. The newly remodeled rooms are fantastic! the only thing i hate is the remodeled gaming floor, they have taken out many great slots and replaced with crummy one.
What was nice is that the no smoking room actually doesn't have any smoke smell.
We just left the MGM after enjoying 3 great nights! This was our first time staying here and we were pleasantly surprised! Usually when we come to Vegas we stay at Caesars properties but wanting to try something different I booked through MLife. We got such a great rate on our grand king room. When we checked in I asked if we could have a higher floor and the fd agent was more than accommodating. He got us a room on the 27th floor which was perfect! The room was clean and the bed was so comfortable! We never had any issues with extra charges and they even waived the late check out fee for us! It is a little far from where we're use to stay on the strip but the monorail is super easy and not pricey. Can't wait to stay here again!
Time to update my review.  I'm upgrading this place to 5 Stars because of the following reasons:. . + Despite being 20 yrs old, this resort/casino is always changing and building new concepts to keep fresh and maintain their lead in the market.. . + They built the most expensive, best nightclub in the world in Hakkasan.  Not only did they build it, they also signed some of the top DJ's in the world to exclusive contracts to play in Vegas.. . + Their Wet Republic pool parties are one of the best in Vegas.  We look forward to every pool season.. . These new points are in addition to the points in my prior review.  Whenever we come back to Vegas, this place is on our list to visit.. . Return Factor - 100%
Ok, so this became my new favorite hotel for many reasons! My first time staying here and in the past I had stayed at other hotels on the strip but my girlfriend and I decided to stay here and we were both impressed,pleased and happy with our stay. .    We were here for 4 nights for the weekend and the things they have to offer just with that alone it beats other hotels. They have a whiskey bar , Hakkassan and wet republic so if you're looking to party it's a great hotel. .   One of the days I stayed gambling in the lobby from 2am - 8am no issues or problems with anyone. This hotel has an older mature crowd I think. .    We stayed in a King size bed room with a view and surprisingly the room was pretty big! The room over looked New York New York in front and off to the side the strip! So it was a pretty cool room and view. Room service was great we had a problem with our iron I called and asked for a different one within minutes they brought us a brand new one. When we were out they came and fixed the beds and threw out the trash no issues/problems
Just came back from an amazing experience at the MGM Grand! I'll start with a list of all the great things about my visit:. . + I was there for 3 nights, from a Thursday-Sunday. I arrived 3 hours before check-in time and my room was ready! . . + We had another friend staying with us that had booked a lower grade room (the West Wing King), that wanted to stay on my floor (in the Grand tower). Our check-in agent was SO nice, and not only upgraded her room type for her whole stay, but also got us adjoining/connecting rooms! . . + The room was very clean and nicely appointed. I highly recommend the Grand tower!! The beds were comfy, the shades are automatic and have different options (blackout was perf for sleeping!) and sheer if you want to let only a little bit of light in. The showerhead was a big "rainfall" style. Walls seemed thick enough, as we couldn't hear anything between rooms.. . + OMG... don't even get me started on the pool & the lazy river! Definitely plan to spend a full day here. It's such a blast. We rented a daybed (highly recommended) for a $100 food and beverage minimum. You can comfortably fit 4 adults on it if they're laying down on it, but 3-4 more could fit if you make the space. . . **INSIDER TIP: You can bring OUTSIDE food & beverage into the pool! We brought down all kinds of snacks, and some drinks (but drinks have to be brought in plastic containers - no glass or cans, and a max. of 2 drinks per person).. . + Fat Tuesdays (!!!!!). There are many places in the hotel that serve up frozen drinks, but Fat Tuesdays is the best. Most of their drinks have a rum base, and you can add an extra test-tube shot in your drink for only $1! These drinks were perfectly blended and tasted great. We went to the other frozen drink place close to the pool area, and my drink tasted watery and chunks of it would get stuck in my straw. This didn't happen at FTs. I recommend blending the Electric Lemonade and the Strawberry flavors :). . + The salon/spa was fantastic. My bestie was getting married and they did her hair, airbrush makeup, and nails, and it all came out fabulous. The airbrush makeup really did have an airbrush effect - it looked flawless! The only thing I didn't care for was the prices! She paid a LOT of money to get all that done! But well worth the splurge for a special occasion!. . + Whiskey Downs was an awesome, chill lounge/bar. I went there around 1-3am after Hakkasan and dug the drinks (they have a delicious one called Walk on the Wild Side that has rock candy syrup, whiskey, lemon, and ginger beer, with raspberries). . + Hakkasan was O-K. It was one of my few disappointments. The club itself has ridiculous energy and great music, but they crammed way too many people in there for Tiesto. I had no personal space at all on the dance floor - we were all sandwiched in there and people were spilling drinks and pushing into us all night. I could only take so much of it. XS is a much better nightclub experience if you don't have a VIP area.. . + I didn't eat in any of the restaurants on this particular visit, but I have been to Pearl and Fiamma Trattoria a few years ago and both were excellent.
I absolutely love the MGM Grand. I first stayed here when I was 16 (my aunt got married so the family flew down), and she had a unbelievably gorgeous 2-story suite! Vegas isn't really a destination for family vacations but the MGM has a Lion display and is in close proximity to other hotels with activites like rollers coasters, arcades etc. so I had a great time. . . The second time I stayed at MGM Grand was in 2008 for my honeymoon. We were a young couple on a budget and got a standard room and it was beautiful, modern, and clean. My favorite part about this stay was the pool area. It was beautiful and tropical, with multiple pools and a lazy river. There were many secluded spots to put down a lounge chair and find your own little piece of heaven. LOVED it. If I remember correctly I think the lazy river also had an area that went by a "waterfall" it was so pretty! . . I don't really gamble so I can't speak much to the casino. But I do love the location of the hotel. It's near New York New York, Excalibur, Luxor, Tropicana....lots of options for casino hopping. . . I want to try other Vegas hotels but I can't say a single bad thing about MGM Grand. It's a safe bet you'll have an amazing experience there.
This is our go-to hotel when in Vegas. The rooms are an excellent size, the beds are comfortable, the buffet is delicious, and KA is fantastic.
This property offers so much given their rates. There are many restaurants, and the rooms are well appointed. Even though it is not in the center of the strip, the walk even as far as Caesars Palace or The Venetian doesn't seem too bad, and this hotel has a monorail stop too. I've stayed here many times, and find it better than Paris, TI, and Bally's among the strip hotels.
I've been to Vegas a few times, my girlfriend & I decided to take a last minute trip on Halloween to see what it was like, and I can honestly say the MGM staff and stay was the best experience we've had there. They were very welcoming, and polite. Our plane was scheduled to land hours before check in' & the lady at the front desk took care of us beyond our expectations. Definitely recommend this hotel & will stay here again!
I really really enjoyed this hotel. Although it is at the beginning of the strip and a bit far, I had a nice stay. . . Bf and I got a 6 night stay in the awesome Stay Well Room for about $1000 (that's with fees & taxes, after we got the deposit back) which was a deal!. . PROS. ~ Not that big compared to Caesars or Cosmo, which I appreciated since I have a terrible sense of direction and I get lost easily. ~ Nice selection of restaurants from a casual Wolfgangs to L'Atelier by Joel Robuchon (I HIGHLY RECOMMEND). ~ The Stay Well rooms have a separate room service menu with healthier selections . ~ Hakkasan Nightclub is right downstairs and nothing is better than being shwasted and being able to go right upstairs to sleep. . (Funny story: I was so drunk after Hakkasan, I fell flat on my face in front of 10 bouncers and then called my best friend back home hyperventilating-type crying my eyes out because I didn't know how to get to my hotel room.). ~ 24 HOUR CUPCAKE SHOP... Yeah I know. I almost cried too. . ~ Everything is organized. All the food is in one place. Casino in another. Very helpful when you're not too familiar with the place. ~ Taxi line is super fast. . CONS. ~ The TV kept turning off randomly. And it would shut off for 2-10 mins at a time. What if I just wanna watch Food Network and eat my $80 room service food?! Ugh.. ~ Walls are thin. There was one morning where a maid was yelling down the hall at 6:00am. That has got to be the worst way to wake up. . ~ The hallways are REALLY COLD. Like unnecessarily cold. It felt like it was 50 degrees. Every time I stepped out of the room I immediately started shivering. . . I definitely want to stay here again, and I hope they have their Stay Well room package available in June when I come back. Itwas totally worth the upgrade.
