I am writing this review a year late, but I had to yelp. . . Phenominal night life experience at Pure. Private table & Guest List a must.
Back when I went (over a year ago,) Pure was excellent.  The white room, the rooftop, the Pussy Cat Doll lounge were all great.  The drinks were pricey obviously, but the music and crowd were good.  Cream of the crop!. . I've heard its kind of given way to the newer clubs.  My friend who used to love this place doesn't want to go on our next trip.  If that's true, too bad, but it was a great time when I came.
Pure is awesome, i think it much worth than Tryst.. although Tyrst has amazing waterfall in it, but the dancing floor is too crowed and people there..kind of not that young.. we got free vip admission to both pure and tryst, tyrst has too many tables and music on that saturday night was not that good. we went to pure on friday night, it has awesome roof top opening area, very comfortable and great skywalk. and they a lot of good looking guys that night. and most exciting thing is that they had mike posner that night!!!!. love pure, definitely will go there next time.
Pure is pure fun!  Super friendly bartenders, great crowd, and multiple rooms for all your moods.  . . The White Room obviously gets packed but that is part of the fun.
LOVE! Great staff, cool vibe, good lookin cats and probably had the best Vegas DJ spinnin the night I went. DJ Casanova! . . We had a table on the rooftop and were taken care of very well. Security guards were very nice and the waitress was cute. I'll be coming back here every time I come to Vegas :)
Pure is probably my favorite club in vegas and thats saying a lot. Very upscale classy bomb etc etc LOL. the crowd was upscale the atmosphere was amazing the design and couches was outstanding. the bouncers were nice. the problem maybe trying to get in the line was unbelievable like a celeb was in there ;-/ but lucky me and my girls was with a guy friend we met in vegas because we got right in!!! the music was pretty good and the rooftop was very upscale and the crowd seem stuck up on the rooftop so we went back down to vip and met some guys who ask to sit at their tables ;) this is why i love vegas and will recommend Pure to everyone!!! dress up ladies!
This review is for Tuesday Industry Night. . The line was not short, but was not chaotic like most nights out in Vegas. If you are a chick and you get into the line, the bouncer will remove you and escort you up to the front which is nice of them. . . The music was the freaking best ever and the entire crowd was sexy. Every body was dancing and having fun, it wasn't crazy packed like it probably is on a weekend. There was room to roam around and be drunk and come back and still  find your friends.
GOOD MUSIC!. . Was able to get in for free, even past midnight! We also saw Mike Posner perform -- his three hit songs. LOL! One of the older clubs in Vegas, but still worth going to. The actual club itself is quite small, but it does justice
Coming from San Francisco this was one of my favorites out in Las Vegas! Had a blast with my girlsand we happened to get in for free with those promotion tickets where ladies are free. Music was Hip Hop latin beats and we went on Friday Night and not sure if music changes every night. Has an amazing view up on the rooftop and we happened to get into a vip section. So if your cute and flirty great place to find cute guys and get a few drinks for free. ;)
Oh my gosh. This is what more clubs ought to be! We had passes, so we didn't have to pay cover, which was pretty awesome. I think we may have been in the wrong line, but they still let us in.. . When we walked in, I was immediately impressed. The bars were tucked a little ways away from the dance floor, and there was room to actually move. At first it seemed like the bartender was ignoring my friend and I, but it soon became apparent that she was just super busy and a wee bit oblivious. When we finally had her attention, she was sweet as can be.. . The crowd was pretty cool, and there were definitely attractive people. The club itself has a great layout, and I like the white decor.. . If you're only going to be in Vegas for a night or two, this place is a must.
Pure has incredible versatility. Very sleek inside and an awesome view on the roofto deck. There's an elevator so that women dont break their ankles on the way up or down, plenty of bar space and the DJ usually knows how to move the crowd. Once in a while they will have professional dancers to get people going. . You should pregame before going here though, Otherwise if you are used to drinking  at all, you'll spend mad money before you even feel a buzz.. . I would say Pure is a MUST VISIT if you go to Vegas.  Have fun!
Everytime I touch down in VEGAS I have to stop by PURE! Antoine Fields is my guy holding down the VIP.. . I recommend VIP for this spot just becasue it gets crowded. The setup of the club is fun within it self, and the terrace has great views of the STRIP.. . I never wait in line because I always spend a lot of money inside. Thats the way to do VEGAS BABY!!!. . I love its location.. its always fun finding my way back to my hotel aftert a night @ PURE!
Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (25 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!. . I'm not sure why this nightclub only has an overall review of 3 stars.  This club is my favorite club on the strip because it is the only club where I can actually dance to real hip hop or Top 40 beats and not feel like I have to take drugs in order to dance all night to trance or house at other clubs.  It boggles my mind why clubs in Vegas play the fast music all night.  How are girls dressed in high heels and sexy dresses dance to house, high energy, or trance all freakin' night?  How are you supposed to meet people and mingle in those environments?  I don't want to hate completely on that genre of music because it can get you pretty hype if the DJ knows how to transition the music well and your a little tipsy from drinking, but there needs to be a good mix of Top 40 or some hip hop for some good street dancing, booty shaking, body rolling, breakdancing wannabes to have some fun too.  From ALL the clubs I have been to on the strip, this club plays EVERYTHING to tailor to any genre of popular mainstream music.  I'm happy with the mix here and can definitely get my dance on.  If you like fast music all night, they play it upstairs on the outdoor patio so you can breathe the fresh air as your doing nordic track running mans.. . Oh and a plus, I never had to wait more than a few minutes to use the restroom; plus for chicks who have to go every 15 minutes when they're drinking.
I took my friends here for my best friends bachelorette party and it was awesome! Great cocktail waitresses and staff. My friend definitely had a bachelorette party to remember :)
OH MY GOODNESS!! Why are the reviews so low?!?! I had an amazing time here. The music was great (if you like hip hop from the past 5 years). I went to Marquee and enjoyed the ambiance more than the music.. . Everyone danced here at Pure and there were no creeps at all. Everyone was so friendly.
With all the new competition up and down the strip, I am amazed at how much fun I always have at Pure Nightclub. Yeah, it's not visually great compared to XS, Marquee, Surrender and all those other hip and trendy nightclubs but it seems to me that nowadays people have forgotten the simplicity of having a good time at a nightclub. Having music geared to all crowds and providing a venue for people to come together, drink and dance = a good time. But I guess that's why people go to Vegas right?? Haha. . For me, I've become quite annoyed with the whole outdoor pool nightclub scene that has become so popular nowadays. Half of the time I'm struggling to finda place to sit, stand and dance without worrying whether I'll slip over into the pool. I appreciate that Pure gives you the option of a full-on dance floor on their main floor with a few VIP areas surrounding and above the dance floor. At other venues I'm stuck between squeezing in to the dance floor or toppling over into someone's VIP. I really enjoy the old school tunes and Top40/hip hop in here.. . I also appreciate the outdoor rooftop level, although it can get crowded, it gives you a very nice view of the strip, some fresh air and some good EDM. . . Yes, the crowd is definitely older and not that appealing for the 20 something yr olds but I find that Pure provides a really nice atmosphere to party with your friends. I've never waited more than 15mins to get in nor have the girls AND GUYS paid cover. They've had free drink specials for the ladies until 12AM as well. Pure is obviously trying to keep up with all the competition but who's complaining here?. . Would definitely come back.
Automatically got VIP tickets (from purchasing a Chippendale's ticket). If you check in via foursquare you get free, front-of-the-line access for a year, which is not bad at all. Place was JAM PACKED! Rooftop was gorgeous. I believe it's open bar until 11:30.  My only complaint was that it was hot as hell in the main room. I was surprised that they didn't have misters blowing on the rooftop either. Heat + alcohol = no bueno.
We had a LARGE group on a big holiday weekend and we were all able to get in thanks to Ada Casanova that works in the AMG office.  It took a bit to find our contact to let us in but once we were able to get near the front, we had no problems getting in.  The club was packed but the rooftop was the best place to cool off AND hear different music to dance to.  . The dress code was strictly enforced so it was good to see people dressed nice going to the club.  Having the choice of DJs was a plus!  Sometimes you just want to hear different types of music when you go out to clubs.  We all had a blast and we can't wait to visit again.
I rate this 5 stars because the night I went to PURE was what i distinctly remember being literally the best night of my life. . Jason Derulo performed, the music was great, and it was classy without being stuffy, fun without being too casual, and VIP without being pompous.. . I am absolutely going back next time I'm in Vegas.
First time here.. Didn't know what to expect based on the reviews.  Our group of 9 had a great time & danced well into the morning everyone was very helpful. Music top 40 kept us on the dance floor.. Drinks were a bit pricey but, it's Vegas so be prepared. Will definitely be back!!
Short summary of Part Two of our Vegas weekend, since I don't remember half of the details anyway:. . Saturday night of girlfriend's birthday weekend. Six BEAUTIFUL women on my arm. Upper level table at Pure in the White Room. So many shots. Crazy live DJ. The drinks are INSANE here. And, *if* you happen to get bored - you can shimmy your way over to the Red Room to bump 'n' grind the rest of the night away (strictly hip-hop and R&B) or take the elevator to the rooftop and keep dancing there.
Usually you don't ever give a club 5 stars. Something is always annoying about clubs right? Well for my visit here I really can't think of anything I didn't like. . . We showed up at 10pm, a half hour before they opened up on a Tuesday. We were the first party into the club. It was nice coming early and being one of the first in because we were able to quickly walk through the whole venue. This usually takes forever when you come to a place late. . . I was here with my gf, my brother, and my parents! Yep my parents. Not many people can say they've been to a Vegas club with their parents, but hey my mom really wanted to dance and she didn't want to go to some random bar/lounge. She wanted the full experience. So Pure is where we went.. . They give all ladies free Vodka drinks before 12am. They also give them pinkish clear cups as opposed to clear so that guys can't take advantage of this. Unless of course, you just hold your cup low and/or drink it quick, haha. Make sure to stand in a dark area also because some of the lights actually make it even more obvious that the cup is pink. Drinks here sounded expensive, but I didn't buy any.. . They have multiple bars which I love because it really makes it easier to get a drink. Their was one big bar up front, and two slightly smaller bars in the back. One of the bartenders was a douche and gave me a bottled water when I asked for water near the end of the night, then said it was $8. Yeah right buddy. I just walked to the other bartender and he gave me a cup of water. So it's always good when you have multiple bartenders because some may be much more likable than others.. . They didn't open the upstairs area until about 12:30am when the downstairs became completely packed!! I was surprised how packed this place was for a Tuesday night. We are talking completely packed-hard to dance-hard to move-or do anything packed. The upstairs area was a nice break from the hot downstairs dance floor. It's all outside and you have a great view of the strip. . . Overall this was an awesome experience. I never ever thought that one day I would go to a Vegas club with my entire family. But hey, why not. Haha, as long as everyone dresses well their won't be any problem getting a family in.. . If you hang around Caesars just before the club opens you will find workers handing out 'free admission passes'. Ladies get in free, but these save us guys $30.
We came here to celebrate my 24K Golden Birthday on Saturday, September 29th, and they gave us table 50, located on the southeast corner of the second floor balcony.  We had one of the best views of the strip! I can't remember our host's name, but I think it was Dominick. I absolutely loved him and our cocktail server, and I think her name was Michelle. We ordered a bottle of Grey Goose, Ketel One, and two magnum bottles of Veuve Clicquot, etc. Everything was delivered and served to us promptly. Their service was definitely exceptional, even with a jam packed club.  Our server and host were very personable and comical.  They checked in on us about every ten minutes or so.. . Our host and server showered us with confetti, but most of our friends went downstairs and missed it, so they were awesome enough to come do a second round of confetti just for my amusement. That totally made my night. LOL!  What an awesome place to celebrate my birthday!. . PURE is a great nightclub.  I highly advise that you get table service if you want to have more space and stay out of the crowds.  Plus, it makes people watching a lot more enjoyable.. . Party it up!  Have FUN!
Before heading here I left dreadful 10 Oak. Short quick line here. The place is beautiful in all white walls and furniture. It's setup is great with a front section and main back part with a stage/VIP area and good sized dance floor. The music was good but the bartender made my Adios way to sweet. My only real complaint was the bathroom location. You have to cross through the busy dance floor opposite the bar and through  this congested little area to go down a hall and finally you're there. Bad planning there. Pure had a great atmosphere. I had a great time there!
