Awesome restaurant.  We were in LV for New Year's weekend and stopped by here.  I'm not sure what the menu items were called because I didn't order.  but, we had the fish with pork in the clay pot.  Amazing!  we also had the shrimp with honeyed walnuts.  The sweet and sour soup.  Clams in Basil.  We didn't order the Pho but it looked good.  Will definitely eat here again when we're in LV.
Some of the best PHo Ive had....always fast friendly service. comfort food at its best!!!
If youre craving for a pho fix out herr in vegas i highly reccomend this place! Not only is it cheap but the place is nicely decorated (unlike some other pho places ive been to), has grreatttt customer service,wait time to be seated is less than 5 mins, wide variety of food ( from pho to pan fried noodles to creamy walnut shrimp to even pad thai-- all cooked to perfection), fully staffed,annnnd cheaper prices compared to other pho places around the area. I wish there was a place like this out in the bay area where im from.but im definitely going to frequent this spot everytime im out here in vegas now:) good job pho kim long! Best pho place ive everrrrr been to!!
BEST PLACE TO GET HANGOVER PHO, HANDS DOWN!. . The delicious beef broth, light rice noodles, and strips of beef are sooooo delicious. Also, I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes to get seated here. Not only is this place open till the wee hours of night, long after you've consumed multiple shots of alcohol and danced your booty off, but there's nothing better to cure a typical Vegas hangover than some MORNING-AFTER PHO!! I know there's now places to get pho on the Strip, but Pho Kim Long tastes authentic and you can get a decent meal for under 10 bucks. . . I love this place. And it's a cult favorite. Literally every time I go I unintentionally run into someone I either know from 1) my sorority, 2) Los Angeles, or 3) other random people.. . Virtually everyone who's a Vegas regular knows about this place and has been here.. . And FYI - I have also had pho here when I was NOT drunk, and enjoyed it!. . Recently they've had a restaurant makeover, making the place more classy. Yes, you can expect to see people there of all ages - from seniors, to children, to under dressed club hos.. . Parking is easy as it is located in a small Asian strip mall. It's also about a 10-15 minute drive from the Strip, which is not exactly pedestrian friendly but definitely worth the trip if you have a car.
Always open, consistent, good prices, even better team serving. When I want to show off my favorite Vegas spots, this is one of the few. And oddly enough, the chicken wings are the best in town.
I'm giving it 5 stars because this is one the first places I've eaten for Lao/Thai/Viet type food.  I love Basil chicken since being introduced to it but I kick the spicy level down to like  5 just so I can enjoy it. They also have boba drinks which is a plus. But the best part about this, IT'S 24 HOURS and for Casino Industry employees and after clubbing food. This is the perfect place to go. Maybe as I eat more places like this, I'll learn more about the food but for now, this place is awesome.
This place is my go to for pho. They're fast, consistent, cheap, and delicious.
If it wasn't so far from where we live, we'd probably be here alot! We love this place. Service is always fast!
Gonna say it, best Pho I've ever had.... . I don't know if its cause this place is in Vegas and its nice to eat some good (relatively) cheap asian food after cramming your trap with casino buffets, or it also could be cause most of the people here are either drunk or hung over.  But I stand by my statement that this is probably the best Pho I've had.. . I try to come here at least once every other vegas trip, once me and my buddies came here twice in 1 day, before and after clubbing, its just good.. . One word of advice, the XL bowl is really that, EXTRA large, I normally finish my bowl or my rice dish and the rest of my gf's bowl, but man, I couldn't finish the XL bowl.. . The broken rice dish here is ok, nothing crazy special, same with the egg rolls, the wait is pretty long on Sundays in the 11-12 time, I guess its a good hang over food before you head back home.  This place is also open 24 hours so you can come here at 4am and get the goods, its also a nice pick me up after losing a bunch of money on the tables.
BEST PHO AROUND. . Best broth, best ingredients, standard price, and did I mention best broth??. . Anyway this places other food is decent, spring rolls are the only thing that Id say are subpar, but really, its all about the PHO PHO PHO. . . Im from SF, lived in LA and now Vegas, and this place is it. Everyone has heard of it. Its like an Asian mecca, every girl I meet goes here and late night its a stripper haven. One time I was waiting on Pho to go and a girl dropped a dub in front of me. My girl was sitting on my lap and she saw it first. Shes from Vegas so instead of doing something kind, she tapped me and let me be the moral judge (sorry XTI but we all know u aint readin this...) anyway, I grabbed it  and tapped the girl. She turned around and it was a stripper from my work in SF. (I actually got fired because of her and her amazing butt) We laughed embarassingly and said hi. After exchanging pleasantries I mentioned my life and nodded at the guamanian in my lap and the convo halted (still kicking myself for thatttt) Point is, this place holds it down and word spreads. Good, late, cheap., clean granite tables, huge fishtanks...great place to have a mellow meal. Just wash your hands after that Jalepeno.
Best Pho in Vegas...Nuff Said!
Ooh, great Pho! From the Bay Area so our standard of Pho is high. It didn't disappoint. Food was delicious, especially the chicken with seasoned rice and the verimicelli plates, but best of all, the service was excellent! Everyone was so nice and on top of things. Plus the place was probably the cleanest Pho place I've ever been to. Will definitely go here again!
great place to eat.i go there every time i am in vegas
The pho is good here. The perks of this place being open 24 hours outweigh the sometimes lackluster service and the fact it doesn't have the best pho in town.. . Besides, I've never been here except between the hours of 2am - 7am. Everyone is hammered so the food automatically tastes better!
So much to say about this place, but like the place itself, I'll keep it simple.  . . First off, leave your snobby expectations of phenomenal service at the door.  That's not the reason you're here.  You're here because it's late, and I mean really late, and you want something to help with your current...umm...'condition.'  And this place has exactly what you need.. . Get the Fried Egg Rolls and some Pho Tai Chin and you're in business!. . You'll be feeling a whole lot better come Sunday morning, trust me.
open 24 hours! i ordered pho and it was good! meat & noodles didnt taste old everything tasted fresh. we got seated quickly n the best part about this place is the price! its off the strip so food is back to normal pricing. love this place!
best vietnamese food i've had in a very long time...very clean and modern interior which you might not guess from how it appears from the exterior...the staff is awesome and very helpful...definitely try the fresh young coconut juice and the pho...can't go wrong...will be trying again!
The best one that is open 24 hrs in Las Vegas!. It was my first time visited Vegas last May, and tried this place out since it's the only one that is open for 24 hrs long and I loved it, then I recommended my aunt, uncle and little cousins to try it when they go to Vegas and they did! So yeah they've just been in Vegas on July and ate at pho Kim Long for the first time ever and my little cousin texted me on the phone right the way to say it is very delicious! They had their meals at Kim Long twice while visiting Las Vegas and it made me so proud because my little cousins are very picky about Vietnamese foods but they loved it there. :)
I have been here numerous times and the food is always consistent.  I usually get the spring rolls, pho tai, and thai iced tea.  Spring rolls are pretty good but I wish they would be put some fresh mint in their rolls but overall they are pretty good.  The broth for the pho is perfect, every single time, I'm actually craving some pho as I am writing this.  Top it off with a thai iced tea and I am good to go.
Great place, nice speedy staff, even remembers me and my reg orders. Food is good, quick, and hot. Real friendly best buddy atmosphere, plus open 24/7. A Vegas staple. Win
This place is like a well-oiled factory machine.  They crank people in and out of this place like professionals.  . . You would think that would mean that the food might suck, but no, the pho here was great.  I'm not a big fan of pho cause I think there are better vietnamese dishes to be had.  So if I think it's good, that's saying a lot.  Granted, I had a huge hangover from the night before, but the broth here was delicious.  The rare steak was tender, and the tendons were good.  The texture of the noodles were also very good.  Not too soft, and not too hard.  I was the first of my friends to finish and I devoured it.  . . We also ordered spring rolls here.  It was tasty, but would have been better if it was served with noodles and lettuce.  . . We came during lunch time on a Sunday afternoon.  The line was ridiculously long, but the best part was that once we ordered our food, it was served within 5 minutes or less.  . . The waiter was also kinda funny.  Who knew.... . Oh...and they're open 24 hours.  Will have to revisit after a hard night of Vegas drunkeness.  Beats pho at the TI by 100x.
My favorite Vietnamese restaurant..Rare steak and Brisket pho is the best food to have in a cold day..charbroiled pork chop is the best pork chop I have ever tried..my favorite is shrimp and pork vermicelli bowl with beef..extra $1 for the beef and it's totally worth it..fills you up.. Taste is remarkable and price is reasonable as it gets...one of my best latenight dinning spots in Vegas.
Time for an update. It's been over a year since my last PKL review.. . Popped in here last night with some friends after a big night out on the strip. . . Last time, I made mention of the broth because I didn't think it was as flavorful as Pho joints in LA. I can say that based on my most recent experience, it was everything I was hoping for...Perfection!. . The staff made sure our water glasses stayed full (fail from last time)....but the biggest difference is the remodel.. . This place looks like a brand new restaurant! Before, it seemed like your typical ethnic restaurant, but they've really cleaned this place up, and added plenty of seating. My guess is they took out whatever business was next door.. . Since this place IS open 24/7, it's the perfect spot when you are craving Pho after a big night out.. . Funny side note....at 3:30am, the guy that seats you, is a cop. Badge and all. Pretty awesome.
OK, so I'm a big fan of Pho Kim Long, and consider myself a regular there.  There are times I'm here three+ or more nights a week for dinner.  . . It literally is THE BEST pho for the price in Vegas.  It is the closest to what my mother makes!! The broth is always nice and thick (like it should be in good pho).  I can tell they didn't skimp in bone marrow and beef when they cooked it.  The special always has an abundance of meat.  Perfectly sliced beef, not too many tendons, and one of the finer qualities of meatballs (yes there are different ones in the stores that are better in quality).  The meatballs, better in quality you will notice that when you bite into them do not have a lot of those little white fatty pieces (which are disgusting).. . The Goi Cuon looks similarly and perfectly rolled like my aunt's.  They stay in shape bite after bite, without lacking in pork and shrimp on the inside.  Most I've tried around town are either poorly rolled, like they rolled the rice papers too tight so it rips when it dries (also an indicator of freshness).  Or...when you bite into one of these delicious appetizers, all you seem to taste is too much rice paper, then I'd feel ripped off because I feel like I got gipped out of pork and shrimp.. . Nevertheless, with how big the restaurant is and how busy it is, the servers are attentive.  The service is fast (waiting more than 5 minutes for a bowl of pho is ridiculous since everything is pre-made and just needs to be put together).  There's never a ridiculously long wait for me when I go there for a table (please be respective of the number of people in your party and and what time you arrive).
Pho Kim Long has the best pho that I have ever tasted and that's saying a lot since I have made it my life's mission to taste every bowl of pho available all over the world!. . Where else too, can you get reasonably priced, yummy food near the Strip so late at night? One star for the unbeatable pho, one star for the equally yummy chicken porridge, one star for being open 24 hours, one star for its convenient location, one star for the yummy egg rolls...I could give more stars... Pho Kim Long is so good that it's off the scale!. . Definitely a place that I will visit again when I am back in Vegas!
This place never disappoints. Good food, good service. Although the pho is awesome, we like to try other things they have to offer. Since we weren't very hungry and were there basically to entertain some friends and recommend something "new" to them, we shared the grilled porkchops and baked egg. We've tried this dish at other Vietnamese restaurants before and we definitely recommend ordering the sunny side up eggs instead. The porkchops we're cooked perfectly and seasoned well. The baked egg resembled a mini quiche. No real complaints just a matter of preference. Our friends loved the pho.
I've heard so much good stuff about Pho Kim Long, and plenty of jokes about the restaurants name, but the food is definitely no joking manner.  Opened 24 hours  and on Spring Mountain Rd, this place is great for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and the late night hang over snack. But be warned, normal wait time can be  anywhere between 30 min to over an  hour as this place is busy as ever.. . We ordered  Pho Tai (rare beef), Bun bo hue (it's like a vermicelli noodle soup with different types of beef and you can add this spicy sauce to it), and the Cam bo luc lac (diced tender beef with steamed rice).  The Pho soup has amazing flavors and is rich in texture, but their small and large isn't much of  a difference in bowl size so I'd recommend opting for the large. I can't say much about comparing bun bo  hue to other restaurants as it was my first time, but I'm a fan! My only grip is that I wish they had given more meat forthe bo  luc lac dish...it seemed on the skimpier side but the flavors were really delicious.. . Staff is very attentive for refills, taking empty plates away, and utensil requests. Ambience is clean,  surprisingly  spacious, and constantly busy. Next time I return to Vegas, I can't wait to return to Pho Kim Long!
Great place to eat anytime 24 hours! It can get busy ,on weekends especially since the are very close to the Strip, but you can always do to-go orders as well. My family & I have been here more than a handful of time & never had bad service. The food is always great!
This place gets brownie points in my book for being open during the wee hours of the night. This place would normally be an average 3-4 star rating but it gets 5 stars due to the fact that its open 24 hours, it's located off Spring Mountain and Valley View (relatively close to the strip, making it convenient for late night eats for locals getting off work or after a night of clubbing or gambling). . . What I also like about this place is that no matter how busy it is, service here is FAST! After sitting down and ordering, I'm pretty sure we almost always get our orders (even with parties of 4+) within 15-20min or less!. . I always start off with ordering their calamari which I find very tasty. Then I enjoy ordering the Mongolian beef or the Bun bo hue; a vermicelli noodle soupy have good pho according to my Vietnamese friends who always order that but I usually don't get it because I'm not in the mood for soup and the bun is basically the same ingredients without the broth.
This place is just down right amazing. Coworker showed me and now I'm in love. The place has a very nice design to it, as asian as you can get. Aquariums, Bamboo shoots, buddha statue at the entrance, etc.. . First thing I order was the regular, straight up, Pho. The broth, the noodles, the seasoning, everything is just plain out amazing. I'm no expert at being a food critic, but I honestly can't find a complaint for this place. The most amazing thing that really gets me is that the meat they put in the broth isn't even fully cooked when it's served. It cooks while the broth is still steamin' hot. . . Personally, I can find myself going here over and over again. There's nothing wrong with this place at all. Except for the parking. It's a total drag during the busy hours, which is usually night time-ish. However, Pho Kim Long is open 24 hours, which is just amazing.
this might be the best pho place i have ever gone to. the decor was great. i love the ambience of the place. the pho was above average, the thing that really got me though is the calamari. its about 10 dollars but its comes in a big serving and it is way worth the money. best calamari i have ever had!!!!. . definitely coming here again when i am in Las Vegas
I was very impressed with my experience here at "Pho Kim Long" . First of all, I have never had Pho at such a fine dining style restaurant. Most other Pho restaurants are really junky and have those aluminum fold-able chairs and tables that you get at Big Lots. "Pho Kim Long" is completely different. This  place is very luxurious and features giant neon lighted fish tanks, marble floors, marble tables, and comfortable chairs. Even the chopsticks are all high quality. They got those really really long chopsticks that are made of porcelain.. . What surprised me the most was how good customer service is here. Other Pho places usually have rude service. As soon as you walk in, they don't say a word to you and can't give you any recommendations because they don't speak a word of English. But, as soon as you walk into the door at  "Pho Kim Long", they treat you like you just walked into the Ritz. They provide excellent customer service, and they all speak perfect English so they can give you great recommendations. The staff here are all Americans(Vietnamese-American) and 2nd generation so it's easier to communicate and ask for things.  But, most of the time you don't have to ask for things because the servers have a sharp eye. Whenever they see your drinks running low they rush over and refill it. You don't even have to ask. . . I came here with my best friend a few days ago, and I loved the taste of the Pho and the Spring Rolls. I had the rare steak Pho, and it was better than anything I have ever had anywhere else. The steak here is very high quality and they don't even cook it. They put the raw steak in the bowl and then just put the soup over it. It was the best Pho I have ever had. Unfortunately, my friend is from Europe and he didn't enjoy it on account ofhim being allergic to everything( Why are European people always allergic to everything? lol). Well, he couldn't eat the spring rolls because he is allergic to shrimp, he couldn't eat the sauce because it was peanut based(peanut allergies), and he couldn't eat the beef dish we ordered because he is allergic to chili seeds. So he had a crappy time, but sucks for him because I had a great time. . Btw, service was so good that I left a monster tip. I definitely will be back.
This is my go to Pho place in Las Vegas.. . Service is fast, prices are OK, and the pho is more than acceptable.. . I'd recommend going here, for the time being that is. I'm still on the hunt for a better Pho restaurant.
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. I have lived in Vegas for 10 years and feel that I know the city pretty well. This place gets 5 stars for the quality, speed, and price. I have brought a dozen people both local and visitors who have never been there before and they all come back with or without me. Couple of times I had lunch and dinner there on the same day with different guests and never get tired of the food. I highly recommend chicken pho and chicken bun. Don't eat pork please- it's not good for you!
yeah, baby.  fabulous viet food, staff friendly and efficient.  and no..unlike most people who ate here, I was not drunk.  Never have had the pho, but have ordered several other viet dishes and they've all turned out great:. . banh xeo (viet crepe). bo luc lac (shaken beef). ga xao xa ot (stir-fried lemongrass and chili chicken). rau muong (stir-fried ong choy)
Can you say Pho Kim Long three times fast? ;) . . Anyways, this place is so derrishous! Perfect for late night munchies after clubbing. They have great service (got to-go & dined in in the same weekend). Great prices ESPECIALLY for Vegas. . . *Eggrolls are bomb. *Pho is tasty (add-ons for +$1 e.g. large, extra noodles, better quality beef) . *Bun Bo Hue is great! I'm by no means a bun bo hue expert but I really enjoyed the subtle lemongrass notes. They give you a different type of rice noodle (not pho noodles). No odd ingredients in this Bun Bo Hue - just lots of beef parts.
I must try everything on their menu!!! this place is great. Also the scenery is awesome cause its 24 hrs and all the drunk club kids come here afterwards. People watching!!! lol
Love this place.  They have a good pho and they are open 24 hours hours.  Hello, pho at 5am = happy drunks! YES, PLEASE!
Love this place! It's probably my favorite restaurant away from home. Always a pleasure to be treated as a regular here. Even for not walking in here for a month or so, they still remember who I am and what I love to order!. . Super friendly and fast service. The servers always know that I like to order the pan-fried noodles, orange chicken, salt n pepper pork chops, steam rice and a side of the pho broth!!! Like I said, my favorite restaurant away from home (San Francisco). . . It's a very clean and modern decor inside the restaurant. Nothing that you can complain about, especially I'm so used to the restaurants in the Chinatown area in San Francisco - this place seems upscale! On the side note, I have been to a few other chinese restaurants here in LV, but haven't found a place that beats Pho Kim Long. I think they beat all other competition since they are open 24hrs a day! Got that hangover, no problem have some pho and a coconut and rest it off... LOL . . This is a short taxi cab ride away if you are staying on the strip, and if you have a rental car, super easy to get to! Don't be surprise to see the security guard at the door during late night hours...lol he's super friendly and cool once you get to converse with him a few times going there!
I'm from Stockton, and PKL is by far the most FANCIEST Vietnamese Restaurant ever.. and food was great!!. . One word: AMAZING.
This place is great AND its open all the time.. . I always come for Pho and a Taro Smoothie with Boba (AMAZING).. . The service usually drops off once you get your food but other than that its a fantastic place.
Pho is one of my favorite hangover foods, and now, it's become one of my favorite drunk foods!. . A pho place open 24 hours that's less than 5 minutes away from the strip?! GENIUS! Located in Chinatown, Pho Kim Long is a short drive or cab ride away! I arrived at 2am and they were packed. No wait though which was awfully surprising. This has to be the biggest pho restaurant I've ever been to. We ordered and within seconds our food comes out! Gotta love that! My girlfriends and I shared and order of egg rolls and each had a bowl of pho. I know what you're thinking... when you're drunk, everything tastes good. And although in some circumstances that can be true, but I gotta tell you, Pho Kim Long is legit shit. And seeing that I had pho earlier that day, I realy had a fresh comparison. This broth was savory and light. I could drink the whole bowl! The meat to noodle ratio was spot on. I got the rare steak and brisket pho and everything was tender and delicious. The egg rolls were scrumptious as well. Not greasy and not too meaty. . . I can see why this place is so busy. When we left one of my girlfriends decided to order some food to go and boy was that the smartest decision she's ever made! Bo luc lac for breakfast the next day? Yes!! I've never had beef this tender and I'm not even a fan of bo luc lac at all! But this just might convert me.  . . You bet believe your ass I'll be back!
arguably the best overall pho place i have been to.. . huge restaurant, fast service, two big fish tanks, and the pho is pretty good.. . they even offer a jumbo sized pho bowl!
My favorite place :)
Very good! I am a huge critic being it's my native food but they make their clay catfish and braised pork pretty close to the way mom likes it!- by the way- not on the menu- order off the menu
Best late night place to eat after a night of partying and whatevers.  Good food, nuff said.
Long night.. A lot of drinking.. Only way to end the night is some Pho from pho Kim long
This place is awesome.  Food great.  Prices low.  Service attentive.  We got all the normal appetizers: spring rolls, egg rolls, crab rangoon, fried calamari... everything was awesome... especially the fried calamari which was flavored w/ salt and pepper and crispy garlic and scallions..... I got pho...standard stuff... everything everyone else got looked really good.  Service was great and the place was clean.
Pho sure it's good! Plus its open 24 hours a day!
Amazing!   From the greeting at the door to the wave goodbye...the experience was perfect.  You have to try the  Calamari.
5 stars for being open so late in Vegas! Came there 3 times during EDC weekend and had pho 2 of those days and a rice plate during one. Service was good, they came back to refill our water (never happens at asian places). They also gave us a double plate of vinegar onions because they saw how much we ate of it. The Mexican waiters there even know Vietnamese!
The broth is perfectly balanced with just enough cilantro, thai basil and lime.  The noodles are fresh and not greasy.  You leave feeling comforted and less hungover.   OH PHO SURE this is the best.. . However, the bathrooms are basically hell on Earth but...just hold it and wait to go back to the hotel.  . . It's worth the cab ride out there but getting back was SO hard...so we're going to do take out next time!!
my hangover fix before the long drive back to LA - always gotta make a stop here! Service is always on point too.
OMG AMAZING!!!. I'm not huge on trying new things but I am in LOVE with the #23!!!!. Fast service, clean & great staff.
HAIL CHANG! Did you get kicked out of the spearmint rhino for wearing spray on pants? Did your gout flare up so bad that your uncle gary had to cancel your proctologist appt? if so come to this joint! The best PHO this side SAIGON! and remember it gets crowded so if you forget your travel size tube of preperation H you might be in the a long night! highly recommended! try the special #13
This is the first Vietnamese-Chinese food place I tried in Las Vegas. Great food! As for service, you have to hunt them down. I am already use to doing this at a few places in Los Angeles, so no complaints there for me. Maybe for people who expect to be checked  once-in-a-while will complain. When you ask for a request, they come back quickly which is good. The ambiance was loud since there were a lot of people who showed up to dinner at the time. The decor was nice and fitting. The chairs were comfortable. This place is open 24 hours. Big plus there in my book! I will come here again.
I thoroughly enjoyed my bowl of Pho with everything in it. Plenty of meat, tasty soup, and fresh vegetables. I wouldn't rank it up there in the top ten, but I really enjoyed the Pho and would definitely go back. Haven't had a better bowl of Pho in Vegas, so this would be my first choice for a hearty bowl of Pho, its delicious, big bowl, as well as a lot of meat, and not much MSG.  One bad thing is that this place can get really crowded, hard to get a table sometimes.
So, my question is, what is Pho?  We see the signs hanging all over town, so how come I don't know what it is?  I think I have had it before, my husband tells me I have, but funny thing is, I wouldn't know if I did.. . I googled it and it seems I have had it, and more than once.  I didn't know the official name of what I was eating, just knew it was good. So now that I know what it is, I am on a quest to find the best and thought I could start here.. . According to a few reviews, this place is supposed to have some really good Pho.  I picked out a charboiled pork with egg and thought it would be a little bit spicy, but it wasn't.  It was hot and hit the spot on this late night.  Is it one of the best, I cannot say that, but it's just the beginning of a tasty journey.
PHO!?...... FoSho!. . What an amazing basin of goodness! Yes! That was my first impression of their Pho Dac Biet (#13 in the menu) a delicious bowl of thinly sliced rare beef, green onions, basil, bean sprouts, fresh basil, jalapeno slices and rice noodles swimming in this AMAZING broth! A dash of Sriracha, Hoisin sauce and a squeeze of lime slivers and you got yourself a bowl of Pho that is simply hard to forget! In an armada of buffets and pretentious eateries in "Viva Las Vegas" it is refreshing to find places like this! The best part is...They are open "almost" all the time! ( please see hours of operation ). . The place is nice, roomy and clean, the servers are attentive and does their job well. There is plenty of parking as it is located in some sort of a strip mall but don't let the location fool you as this place serves some really well prepared dishes. Try their freshly made spring rolls while waiting for your order, it makes my mouth water just writing this review about it!. . All in all, I have no complaints, I highly recommend Pho Kim Long especially after a hard night of partying in the city that never sleep! . . Enjoy!
I have a friend that works here and invited me to dinner. The place is outstanding. Good vibe, good feel and good food!!!!
Yummy pho, Vegas price, of course, why wouldn't it be? Still, the pho broth was delicious, fresh noodles, perfect in every way. I randomly stopped by the right pho joint! There were so many along Spring Mountain.. . Oh, my friend ordered roasted duck. As great as it looked, it was obviously previously frozen for some time. Tasted that way.
Try the charbroiled pork vermicelli!
Cold December night before Christmas... Who would have thought the place was packed to the gills.  Waited 7 minutes exactly was seated and the army of waiters and staff got to our order.  Filled it to perfection and was on our table within 10 minutes.. Had the chicken pho.  Pat tai and something that the waiter recommended... Tender beef with broccoli.  All dele opus and very reasonably priced.. . One suggestion  would be to modernize the whole reservations/ checking in system.  Paper and pencil in this busy restaurant might not cut it.
Everytime I'm in Vegas, my friends make a stop here because it's that good!. . I sometimes get pho, but I usually get the Buon, I have no idea how you spell it.  The Vermicelli noodles with the eggrolls, veggies, etc without the soup.  It's like a salad dish with noodles.  That dish is always fulfilling and delicious anywhere I go.. This place seems to be getting really popular, especially during the night.  It's always packed.  Non-Asian people are even loving it too.  There was a non-Asian at each table almost.  See, that good! LOL. . My friends and I taxied here one night.  We had a taxi waiting for us outside, but someone jacked it!  Good thing there were many taxis out that night driving down the street.
For all you perverted minded (all of us) let's get it out of our system first and snicker & smirk it off!  Whether you pronounce it correctly or not...it all sounds alike. "PHO KIM LONG" ... Yup that's the name of this fine restaurant.  Don't let the name fool you though.  The place has since been remodeled a while back with simple yet beautiful decor & backdrops that really make a difference and give you an ethnic feel to your Vietnamese dining experience.  Whenever one feels the crave for some luscious pho, this place will do justice.  They open early and close late practically open 24 hours...this place is great for lunch with family, a dinner date for two or a cure for your late night hang overs with friends.  In fact Pho Kim Long is great anytime to fill your tummy to satisfaction.  . . This place can get packed, especially on a weekend at peak hours...so be prepared for the crowd.  A downfall to this is their small waiting area up front.  With very little seating and standing area, this can be and is a fire hazard. But when this happens you know they must be doing something right...to have such an audience of hungry on goers wait amongst each other.  . . When you do get seated, be excited for once you decide what to order, the food is prepared quick and comes right out.  My favorite Pho here is the combination.  This comes with chewy yet tender tendon that melts right when you chew, also has your usual thin sliced flank raw meat & other goodness...the broth is very soothing and comes packed with flavor.  Their Salt & Pepper Calamari is scrumptious, but eat it fresh and hot as it will get soggy after a while...but still a yummy snack even after.  For those non-pho PHOnatics...they do have rice and other dishes to get your palates tainted with flavor....from pork, to beef, to fish, to even pad thai noodles...they par up pretty well.  My favorite dessert drink here is their Avocado Shake Smoothie with tapioca boba!  They must have atleast 100 pieces of boba....sounds like fillers...but they do give a generous amount of avocado shake in it.  You can also request the shake without boba.. . All in all...I may be too generous giving this place a high rating with 5 stars.  Others would disagree with me, as I can understand...I should be giving it only 4 stars because of the waiting area (but only an issue when it is packed) and also because prices here tend to be just a tad bit higher than some close rivals that are side by side comparable in quality,  I do give it 5 stars though because for some reason...I still keep coming back here for more ... rather than 2 others who are in my top 3 of Pho places in Las Vegas.. . Don't forget, you can also take out! and Pho Kim Long is very generous in portions!  You may pay a dollar or 2 more, but the portions are respectable and they wont rip you off like some other places:.  **COUGH-COUGH(PHO ROSE)COUGH-COUGH**
Pho sure its good, and open 24 hours!
This is my favorite Pho spot!! They're open late, so you can go here after partying to sober up. I always get the charbroiled pork chops and rice with fish sauce on side. So yummy! My husband gets the combo pho and that's pretty awesome too.
OK 5 stars for the food and 3-4 stars for service. Every time the food is amazing! I love their chicken pho and the fried eggrolls that you wrap in mint and lettuce. The veggies are yummy too! Green beans, bok choy etc... if this place was closer to where I live I'd be there every few days guaranteed! Open one closer to Henderson pllllease!!! As far as the service goes, it's spotty. Everyone is very nice, it's just we always have to ask for our check and no one ever has checked on us to see if we needed anything. Regardless - I'll be back for the food cuz it's THAT good.
The rare steak soup is the best in town! Add an order of egg rolls and you'll go home happy.
A bit of a wait, but that's expected for a popular joint. Best pho ever!  Kind and fast service with great food! Open 24 hrs and near the strip. . Even if you are not into pho, they have great selection of different varieties. Liked this place so much ate here twice during the same Vegas trip.
Great place with bomb food! Try their spring rolls with the peanut sauce, yummy!. Cooks in late evening make food a bit better than the daytime... Perfect place to eat after clubbing to sober you up! =$
Able to get Pho fix any time of the day. . . Always order # 15 when i go there. Nothing better than hot soup in a cold day.
Pho was great - excellent broth and quality meat. Egg rolls were very good. Interior is very nice and service was prompt. Highly recommend.
Can we say super delicious? At least thats what I remembered when I was drunk right after clubbing! LOL! It was super packed at like 3AM or so. I had their pho and the egg rolls and it was super yummy!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I always come here on rainy days and hangover nights. They are open late and the service is really quick! The deep friend spring rolls are bomb!
What a great place for late night pho after work! They stay open late so a lot of industry workers can be found here between Midnight and 4am (so be prepared to see a busy restaurant even during these times.. . Have the fresh coconut!!! It's filled with coconut water, and the pulp can be a bit of an appetizer and dessert lol. . Definitely try the #13 or #16 and don't be afraid to throw in a couple jalapenos, fresh mint leaves, plenty of sprouts and a little sriracha! Definitely well priced and awesome quality! For two people, two coconuts, spring roll appetizer and two bowls of pho the check was mid $30 range!. . I'm definitely gonna be a regular at this local legendary pho spot!!!
FAVORITE Pho in Chinatown.   Open late night, this is it.  Why look further, they are awesome.  The Awesome Noodles, Drunken Noodles and the FULL Chinese menu besides the trendy pho and vietnamese is all insane.   The Spring rolls come with a bowl of peanut dipping sauce that you want to lick clean, bu tknow its totally fattening, but get one to start.  Its enough for two!   I also love the Combo Pho here, its balanced perfectly.   The staff here is ON IT!  Great service.  Great prices.  INCREDIBLE Food.  Get some.  #1 place for Pho in China Town, I say!   Yummy!
Excellent authentic Vietnamese with a lot f choices to be adventurous and sample.  Amazing place.
Best tasting pho broth in all of vegas,  fast service,  no nonsense,  #3 fried rolls are a must have.  Open 24 hours!  U never know when you're gonna be in the mood for pho.
The best pho! Its phobulous! Super over priced. Great atmosphere. And yummmy!
My fave place ever to eat at 3am, also best hangover food. I come here all the time and recommend it to satisfy any late night hunger cravings .
wow i don't think anything from my experience was mediocre lol the food was excellent, the staff was extremely friendly, the price was very reasonable as well as the portions! I had the wonton soup with noodles and damn was that soup filling and even the dessert i got ,which was the chocolate truffle, was incredible even though it was a simple dessert but ooooooh so yummy. Its safe to say that i will here next tuesday :D
One of my favorite spots in LV!! Ya gotta try it at least once!
Best Asian restaurant in Vegas.  A mix of a lot of different Asian cuisines.  Everything I have had here is excellent.  It's my wife's favorite spot for pho.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. . . The pho has such a great flavorful broth.  The crispy calamari was fresh and delicious, just a little greasy.  The lettuce wraps were spot on.   The Beijing beef is awesome and the orange chicken is the best I've ever had.   My sister ordered the half fried chicken, delicious.  . . The servers are always fast and on time.  Food is always served very quick, you really never have to wait for anything. . . Will always return.
this place is amazing every time i go i request for the server FREDDIE He is the best! the food is amazing. i get the number 14. extra large ! but also the chicken  teriyaki is very good along with the deep fried wings. the thai tea and the fresh young coconut! this place is a must!!! i go at least 3 times a week the prices are great 8.50 for an extra large! cant beat that
This is a very good place with promptt service. I got the black peppered steak and comparing to jasmine restaurant at Belagio this food is worth $200 a plate.
Absolutely love it here. When you first walk in, the smell of that rich, luxuriant, delicious broth fills your nostrils, and you're overcome with an overwhelming sense of peace and happiness; you know you belong here. You get your food, and everything else fades into the background. Boss gave you shit today? Doesn't matter, got pho. Bills overdue? Doesn't matter, got pho. Kids on your nerves? Doesn't matter, got pho. . . Seriously, you have to try this place.
This place is amazing...The food is a mix of Vietnamese, Thai, and Chinese.  They have something for everyone.  The Pho is one of the best I had.  I like the big and high ceiling dinning room.
I love this place! I have been a loyal customer for 4 years to this place and they have never let me down, no matter what time of the day or night i've come here. A few of my favs are their roasted duck, the kim long spring rolls, the clay pot fish and of course their chicken pho. They also make very nice drinks I often get either their fresh lemonade or the thai tea. Besides having amazing food the employee's are very nice i've never had a problem ever going here. I will happily continue to give kim longs my business.
I love this place... and I'm slightly bias because I come here so much everyone in this joint knows me by name. Don't get fancy and try to order thai or chinese food here. Stick to the Vietnamese food. I like their pho, pork chops and cubed steak. This place does get a little rowdy the later it gets into the AM (partiers) Can't beat that it's 24hrs!
As bad as it is to say, this is possibly my favorite pho spot in town. Back when I was a young'n this was the place that introduced me to pho.. Anytime I had a bad day at work Pho Kim Long was there for me. Anytime I was drunk as a skunk and stumbling out of the clubs at 4am, they were there for me. When I broke my leg and needed a good meal, pho Kim long was there for me. . The pho is pretty good. On the rare occasion it had been meh, but I put my faith in them. I absolutely love their spring rolls and their peanut sauce. It is to die for, and I use that peanut sauce on so many dishes.its one of my foodie little secrets. The staff is very friendly, sometimes they get a little overworked and hectic but they do work hard and always aim to please. If you're new to town, or you want reliable pho, gotta get some pho Kim long
Their egg rolls and crab langoons are so good and the food comes out super fast. In fact, our to go order came out faster than our friend's order, who was getting some bahn mi a few doors down.. . I came here three days in a row. Each day it was busy. Hmn....
Make reservations. this place had a line out the door. The Taxi driver even said it was his favorite restaurant. the Walnut shrimp was great
Nice clean restaurant, great atmosphere, hip crowd, friendly staff, prompt service, and food was very tasty.
Hubby and I went there at 2am and had the most amazing selection of food. We started with the Spicy Calamari which was fresh and flavorful. We shared an order of the Basil Clams and Spring Rolls... These were unique in presentation and taste.. Simply an explosion of yummy in your mouth! We finished our meal w the famous Pho Soup w Stake and Shrimp and it was the highlight of the meal. We tried their house sake and enjoyed both bottles ;) All around a great time and excellent food! Speedy, delicious and friendly environment for any occasion!!
best place to go after a night of clubbing or partying! 24 hours pho is always the way to recover!!
I think this place is great. They have excellent vegan pho, great veggies, and just saw a sign that they offer brown rice now, too. This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas!
First time eating Pho.  It was easy to order, quick to be delivered, and delicious.  I will be going here again and again.  Plus, read the name if you aren't Asian....come on!  It's hilarious.  Way to go.
I'm Vietnamese, so I think my review has even more credibility :) I LOVE LOVE LOVE this pho shop.  So much so that this place is my and my friends' go to spot for post-partying and random pho cravings.  The broth, meat, and veggies are always fresh and super delicious, and the staff is always courteous and fast.  My recommendations are the pho dac biet (special), spring rolls, any of the pork rice dinner dishes, and for those of you that have a more adventurous palate, the vermicelli noodles with roast pork, shrimp and egg rolls. YUMMY!!
I love it here
Great soup.
Pho Kim Long is the shiznitz! This place is a must go for me everytime I am in Vegas. You know what they say about pho... Best hangover cure ever! Anyway, I've been going here since I hit 21 with my friends. The prices are so reasonable and their food is absolutely amazing and hits the point everytime. One of my friend who was craving for it this past weekend when we were in Vegas, woke up from her nap and seriously drove there just to pick up the togo order, with a two hour time frame to get ready before going to Marquee. That is how good it is! Haha and she's not even Asian! Pho does the body good. I always get Pho Tai Chin, which is well done steak and rare steak. Their Roasted Chicken plate with seasonal rice is bombdotcom! . . I'm Vietnamese and I know how pho should taste like. Go here if you crave for some pho while your visit in Vegas! I promise you will not be disappointed!
Their springs rolls tho.
I take everyone that visits form out of town to Pho Kim Long for the delicious pho.  It does get busy and crowded but I think it is worth it.  Everything I have tried is delicious.
Amazing pho! Just get that and you will be satisfied.  Drunk, Sober...etc, worth the drive off the strip.  . . My compatriates didn't like the pork chops (they could of had an off day though). . Lines are super long on the weeekends, weekday was pretty easy.
Quickie Review: This place is like the Swiss Army Knife of Asian cuisine. It's always there when you need it and it's so versatile. It's primarily a Vietnamese spot but they have a wide variety of dishes but the quality of food doesn't falter. Their hours make it a go-to spot for late night cravings or for sobering up. . . Food:  As noted, they have a wide-variety of food despite being a Vietnamese restaurant. Besides the Pho and other dishes they are known for, they can happily serve up delicious selection that are more Chinese or Thai in style. Personally, though I did venture into their Singapore Street Noodles once and was satisfied....I typically stick with their trusty Pho....beef ball to be specific. Once you load that bowl with peppers, mint, sprouts and lime juice (which it's served with)....be ready to enter a fit of delicious rage only to come to your senses when the bowl is empty and you're left wondering what just happened. Seriously, what I inflict on their bowls of Pho could probably be described as a crime of passion in a court of law.....but I digress.. . I have tried other peoples' dishes and they are all also amazing. So I doubt you can go wrong.. . Atmosphere/Service:. . This place is usually packed but that usually doesn't deter seating time or service. Unless you're rolling up 12 deep after a night of clubbing at XS or something, I doubt you will honestly wait more than 10 minutes to be sat...maybe 20 minutes if people have dignity and can resist eating their food like beasts in a blood rage or they're talking/visiting too long.. . Always, despite what you order....service is usually pretty damn fast. There have seriously been time where I have received my Pho before my drink....and I am ok with that. The only downside to their service is, it may take sometime to get your bill...so if you're going during lunch....start flagging down your server early. . . . Overall, this restaurant is akin to a trusty sidekick: it's always there for you, it welcomes you in with loving arms and it won't judge you when you scarf your food down without shame (like me) or if you rolled in after night of hard partying, possibly with disheveled club clothes (like others).
i want pho i want pho i want pho i want pho
My food was to-go and my friend recommended pork chops, rice, salad and a pork dumpling or something on the side. The pork chops was very DELICIOUS!! Lots of green onions on the pork chops so if you like pork chops...order it. Can't wait to eat this again.
if you had a crazy night in vegas, and it's 3:30pm the next day and you're hung over, hit up pho kim long for your life-restoring pho fix. they give high portions of meat in proportion to the noodles, and these guys got the broth down. . . the various different pho combos/options and spring rolls are on point.
Very clean and good service. BEST PHO IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN! Their egg rolls are awesome too, just on the smaller side. Wish they were bigger. Other than that, my whole families fav place to get Pho!
I'm a fan of their pho. I don't really know why other people get other food from there when it is clear that it's a pho house. There was this guy who was complaining about poor service there because his food was slower than others (he was referring to our food because we got ours really quick). When you order pho over there, they already have everything pre-made so it's quick. Anyway, I just love their service. The waiters are always checking up on you to see if you're okay and if you need anything.
Best place for pho and vermicelli. Food is good, on point, and usually comes out in 5 minutes. Sometimes the service is bland but that's understandable knowing it's always busy here because it's a great place to eat! Fast, concise, and my waiter never fails to remember my regular when I go here. The shrimp vermicelli is amazing if you want something delicious, yet healthy. This is a go to place for delicious pho and fast service.
No wonder this place was voted best Vietnemese restaurant again for 2013 it's that good!!  I am from LA and this place came recommended by family friend and I was happy w/ the place; there was a line outside the place but it moved quickly; Food wassooo tasty I ordered the tofu pad Thai very flavorful and big portions too; I would return when in Vegas again; Service was also good
Great for pho! Favorite place to go to after work at 4 am, fast service & great food. Can't complain
Almost an addiction after a late night of partying! their assortment of Pho will have something for everyone. I usually get the combinatio Pho but when I feel like eating something else the teriyaki chicke. And brown rice will hit the spot.
Love, love the shrimp with walnuts and honey sauce,  also the padthai. The menu is very nice, ilustrated with lots of picture's  very helpful in case you don't know what to get.. Service was awesome snd fast. Definitely I will recommend this place to friends and family.
yumm! if your in vegas and looking for a cheap good pho place this is it!! . we ordered some honey pork chops.. soo good!!! they can get busy fast but they are great to cure your vegas hangover. Its a little ways from the strip but definitely worth the cab ride!
24 hour Pho at your service!. . . Every time I visit Vegas, this is always the spot we go to after the club. I've been here a handful of times now and I love that this place always has parking in front and the workers always accommodate us and the place is big and clean with a giant fish tank. I always get the seafood Pho and I add tons and tons of lime, jalapeno, cock sauce in mines because I like it spicy. Now I don't eat like Pho but if I have to eat it, I only like the broth and the seafood inside.....there's just something about Pho Kim Long's broth that makes it so addicting. I literally drink the whole bowl of soup and leave all the noodles. Price is right with the amount of food they give and the freshness. . . . Friends here have also tried and loved their spring rolls, cold noodles and their fried chicken wings.
Only time I eat Pho at another restaurant is when there is a line out of the door @ this place. Then I'm thinking to myself that I should have just waited that hour because this is the BEST Vietnamese restaurant in town, no bullshit.
Yum!! Great service & great prices! Love it!!
I have had Pho and Pad Thai many different places and also in a many different cities and this place is hands down the greatest! I have introuced many friends to this place, I  would say over 20 and every single one has gone back multiple times and a few have even become regulars. When I lived in Vegas I was a regular and even now whenever I'm in town you will find me here at least a couple times during my trip. I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend their Pad Thai (chicken or beef) it's the most amazing Pad Thai you will ever have. The only bad thing about this place is their service, they will take long and a lot of times they will just completely forget about you except for one of the waiters he's always on point, friendly and very helpful (I forgot his name, he's the only young guy with spikey hair.) My other recommendation is the rare steak Pho, I've had Pho so many different places and nothing will ever come close to the broth at Pho Kim Long!! Enjoy!
I eat here about once a week. The pho comes out in minutes and they pile on the extras. Great service, nice marble tables and decor. While Vietnamese is the main menu, their Thai and Chinese dishes are also top notch and reasonably priced.
My fiancee and I visited Kim Long Pho twice during our stay in Vegas and we loved our dishes both times. In all we had the vegetable pho, seafood pho, salt & pepper fish with brown rice, and crab ragoon. . They were all amazing. Great quality ingredients used. . I highly recommend this restaurant.
Their food is authentic. Delicious,  just like mommy used to make. What I can't understand is why is the entrance so clustered I have a baby, last time I went there no one would move out of the way so that I may stroll the stroller out. What's worse is the people that worked there didn't even ask the customers to move out of the way. One by one three customers stepped in front of me. Two of them were females wearing heels! It's not worth the wait for the rude customers and employees you attract. A pho house is a dime a dozen in chinatown Las Vegas, NV 89146. I am not taking my 1 1/2 year old son here again.
