This review is for the experience I had purchasing tickets for a show at the hotel. I did not stay in the hotel and have no idea how the rooms are or anything like that.. . Heregoes: we bought tickets here for Thunder from Down Under and Tournament of Kings. They have a package deal where you can get two shows of your choice for $75 a person which is a pretty good bargain. Our Thunder tickets were for Sunday night and our Tournament of Kings ones were for Monday night. We worked it out perfectly that we would go from the Lion King show we had tickets for at 4pm to Thunder which was scheduled at 9.. . As I mentioned in my Mandalay Bay and Lion King reviews, we found out that the 4pm show had been cancelled and we weren't informed. Panic ensued. When we bought our tickets for the Excalibur shows we were told there were no exchanges or returns, so we had figured that we just wouldn't see the Lion King, which was a total bummer.. . We went back to Salena at Excalibur and explained to her our issue. She was very accommodating and switched our tickets for us. We were relieved and thankful. Salena was professional and made us, the customers, really happy and I'm so thankful that she was able to help us. She really saved our trip.. . Thanks Salena!
Our family was pleasantly surprised.  After reading all the awful reviews we expected the worst .  They said excalibur was kid friendly and they were only right about that.. . 1. Hotel smoke smell was not bad.  it's Vegas people do smoke here but, it wasn't unbearably or thick.  They do a pretty good job of airing it out and keeping the smells down.. . 2.  Kids arcade was one of the cleanest we saw and very well ventilated unlike disgusting circus circus that we visited on our trip.  . . 3. Rooms were fine and clean.  We stayed in a flat screen room and it wasn't luxiourious but for the price you can't complain.. . 4. Pool area was fun the kids plentynof spots to sit.  Food and drinks were good.. . 5.  All employees were very courteous and helpful.  . . 6.  Check in desk was close didn't have to walk far.  It was the easiest casino to get around in.. . We had a pleasant experience and would definitely return.
rooms really big nice and clean. awsome for bachlors party.
Great hotel. Great service. Great Price. :)
We did a quick 24 hour turn-a-round and the Excalibur was great! I do not know how we got the upgrade but I have to say THANK YOU!!!!! Totally made the trip even better. The staff was really friendly and helpful. Will go back again!
We just stayed here about a week ago.  We paid $35 a night and got free breakfast for 2 every morning at any hotel owned by MGM.  I don't think it gets any better than this.  It basically came out that we pay for breakfast and got a room for $5.  The check in line was super long, but it didn't matter for the price.  The bathroom was outdated and there was no bathtub, but everything else was great.  Huge tv, comfortable room and comfortable bed.  If this deal gets posted again, I will be coming back.
I loved the Excalibur!  I can't say enough about it.  However, if you don't like kids, then this isn't the place for you.  It's pretty much the only casino on the strip where you will see kids running around.  There is a kids section on the ground floor where there are all kinds of carnival games (and best of all - a DQ and Orange Julius *YUM*). . There are 4 pools and one of which is adult only.  The alcohol at the pool is very reasonably priced - which is very important - and there is no shortage of servers that will bring all of the food/drink you can possibly consume so that you don't have to move an inch if you don't want to.  The vibe at the pool is a lot of fun.  When I was there, they tossed out a bunch of balls and everyone was playing with them - even the guys that were trying to Mack it with the ladies.. . The casino has an awesome atmosphere to it.  The staff would greet us by our names, often times before we even showed our player's card - perhaps that says something about our routine - but I digress. . Here's what you care most about - the room. The bed was very comfortable - The room had many upgrades, but there were some areas that weren't upgraded like the shower - but I thought that it was perfectly fine.  The view was OUTSTANDING!  We had a perfect view of NY/NY.The room was clean and without any problems.  Seriously though, how much time are you spending in your room in vegas?  The flat screen is a nice touch but again - who goes to vegas to watch tv?
Oh Excalibur, oh sweeet sweet Excalibur. How I love you so.. . I am enamored by your hallways; they make me feel homey and warm. I love your lay-down pool areas. Your exterior...simply stunning especially at night. Forget the naysayers, I love my mini-Disney for adults. The room was comfortable. But please, my love, I wish you had better shows to choose from. As much as I liked the Australian BeeGees, I could not righteously see myself watching horses and revues. A comedy show? A play perhaps? I also hope that you will one day bring a nightclub that I can enjoy! I love your spaciousness and your great selection of slots. Not to mention, your craps with better odds. What draws me closer to you is your food court, and I admire your buffet. Mcds, cold stone, krisy kreme, under one roof? A most brilliant concept! Yes, I certainly do not mind your arcade as I go in there to a get a fix now and then. I appreciate your outdoor and indoor connections to other hotels. But you are the chief, you are my buddy.. . This is my love letter...just for you.
Only for the gambling. I love playing slots here.  . . Won 10K. Have won other times. Not as big though...but either way on the up and up here.. . This Casino is a winner all the way around. It's done me good and for that I love it.
There are two tram stops here. If you're coming from Mandalay Bay or Luxor the first stop gives you the impression that's the last stop...so that you will walk through the casino....however there is one more tram stop which is at the corner of the strip.
I really like this place, got an excellent deal on JetBlue vacation, flew in from Long Beach CA. I tipped the woman at the registration desk $20 and got upgraded to Tower II view deluxe 42" TV room. She threw in a coupon booklet with 12 free drinks tickets. That's as good as it gets, awesome, i love it.
great for the family. great pool. gambling is great. great food court. price has gone up and they charge resort fees
This place gets a worse rep than it deserves. You should go into the stay knowing that you are not staying at the Cosmo or Wynn. You didn't pay the price for it, so why would you expect something similar?. . I checked in at about 10 am. The clerk was very friendly and even waived the resort fee because I was celebrating my birthday! My room was clean and it faced the Luxor pyramid. It looked similar to an average Holiday Inn inside the rooms. . . As a first time gambler, I enjoyed the $5 minimums on the table games and the friendly dealers. I also visited the pool. I liked that there was an adult pool area! The main pool and connecting hot tub were filled with kids. The adult pool was nice because it wasn't too crowded and I ended up meeting great people to party with later on that night!. . If you are a cheap college student looking for a place to crash that is not sketchy, I recommend Excalibur!
Excalibur for the location and nice views and price cant be beat.  There Jr suit are very nice the size two rooms.I love the Castle over 6 stays..The staff is very nice. And the time share personal tell them nicely no thank you    sorry i cant help you    about 4 times .and they will rember you and leave you a lone  . .Looking forward to my next stay ..
The Excalibur I like this hotel for a couple of different reasons; this was my first Vegas Hotel/casino and I spent the best week staying here.  The hotel isn't centrally located but its in a great location for quickly getting to and from many of the typical touristy attractions.  Its very family friendly and kids were running all over the place when I stayed here (I've been in and out a few times since relocating here and its not that bad now) Its still family friendly and affordable. . . I've made use of their Parking Lot a few times just because its an easy place to get in and out of and it's a quick walk to the Tram or the BLVD depending on where/what you are doing.  The staff is very accommodating and goes out of their way to make you feel welcome.  I've picked up tickets a few times for shows at other casinos there so that should tell you how customer centric the entire casino staff is. . . My room, well I didn't spent too much time in it but it was clean, the beds had fresh linens and was easy to get too. I've stayed a few hotels were they make it a challenge for drunken tourist to locate their rooms as they want you to stay on the floor but here it was very nice to experience. . . We picked the Hotel/casino as it was the cheapest hotel at the time and I know they are still rather affordable but have increased their room rates a bit.  If you want a clean safe Vegas vacation that allows you the opportunity to sneak off and explore the underbelly of the city this is a great place to stay so you won't be expose to too much all at once.
I checked in on mothers day expecting to get a run down and smoke filled room. When I reached the check in counter, I was greeted by Steven and he was totally nice! We chatted for a bit and I asked for a nice, clean room.  He was so professional and sweet. He told me where the pool was and about the other amenities to enjoy and then gave me my room key, so off I went! I ended up in tower 2 ( upgraded rooms) and took the elevator to the 16th floor. When I opened the door, I was in shock to see how nice it was and when I opened the curtains, I was even more shocked at how beautiful the view was.  I was so pleased and literally ecstatic about my stay. Upon checkout, a very nice operator at guest services named Sue helped me. She was incredibly sweet. The guy at the spa ( didn't catch his name) was so nice also.  He was kind when I checked in for the gym and even let me keep my chocolates inside while I got some last minute rays before checking out.  The pool guys were awesome too. I didn't think I'd have this experience here considering I usually stay elsewhere in Vegas and I'd definitely come back. This stay far exceeded my expectations, thanks to the great staff who helped me! Overall, positive experience :)
I had a wonderful week long stay at Excalibur last week. This is our 5th consecutive year and we love it. . The rooms are nice and clean, the staff are friendly and it is very reasonably priced. . The casino is a fun place to spend some time and the pool facilities are excellent.. The lifeguards are dismal though. I have stayed here approx 8-10 times and have twice intervened in a rescue as an EMT/Lifeguard and someone who trains lifeguards. Their skills are not sharp, the attention is lacking however they are no different to every other high school and college lifeguard I have met. The fault lies with the pool management. That aside, I love this place and will continue to visit. When I bring my own kids, they will have their own personal EMT/Lifeguard so this weakness doesn't dissuade me, however it may mean something to you.. . NOTE: NO Wi-Fi however there is a cable connection in each room.
I love the bars there. I get service fast and the bartenders are pretty cool.
We stayed here over Thanksgiving from the 20-23 in Tower 2. I was a little bit nervous after reading some of the reviews after we had already booked the room,  but I have to admit that a lot of the people that have posted on this are way off. . . First of all, our room was very clean and I didn't come away with any "bumps" from any bed bugs or anything like that. Secondly, for the amount we paid ($150 for 3 nights), this place was awesome! And it was only that expensive because thanksgiving night was higher than the others. It was just like the place I remember from when I was young and we had the whole family with kids and everything.. . Also, one note I also want to make is that it can be really hard to find $5 blackjack tables and they had them, however during peak hours they changed them all to $10 tables. If you were already sitting there when they moved the tables up they grandfathered you in at the $5. . . Overall, resort fee and everything that everyones complaining about, I'm going to give it 5 stars because it was everything I expected for the value and didn't have a single issue. I will say that the timeshare people are annoying, but you can shake them pretty easily.
Excalibur must bring me good luck because I hit 3/3 sports parlays here which is not usual for me. The rooms are just alright. No fridge and you have to walk a half mile to find the ice machines. Cool view that over looks primarily MGM and New York New York. No WiFi which is pretty whack. You have to go ghetto style and plug their ethernet cord into your laptop if you bring one. The midevil castle them has always been pretty cool in my book as well. I'm still going with the 5 star heavily because of me hitting 3/3 parlays here.
Stayed in a standard room! It was pretty standard but the bed was super comfy and after all the late nights it nice to crash into a comfy bed! We would definitely stay there again because we got a great deal on our room. And we loved that the roulette tables had a $5min bet compared to other casinos that were $15! Made some money! . . I would definitely stay again!
I was scared of staying here due to all the mixed reviews.. It actually turned out wonderful! Great value with a good deal :) it was clean, economic, good location, the staff was nice and had fun activities for our 6 year old. We stayed for only a couple of days for a weekend get away right before Christmas 2012. We stayed on the 20tb floor in Tower 1. I would definitely not let those bad stars detour you from staying here.
We're prejudiced.  We got married here and so we love the place!  We always visit when we are in town, but we don't really eat there....and we don't stay there.....we just usually try to play video poker.  Oh and now they have the Paradise Fishing game!  So much fun!
I stay a lot here for work as I have to stay in the most "reasonably priced" place I can find. I don't mind it all. I wouldn't necessarily come here if I was on a personal vacation... at least not in the rooms I stay in. I must agree with the loud A/C and loud people trolling the halls, but my rooms have always been clean. The staff is outstanding and if I manage to find parking outside of Tower 1 I can be in and out of my room and to my car in about 5 minutes. I can get to the airport in about 5 minutes too. I also really like the food court as I can grab a quick bite and hit the road, I just wish it had more seating, especially during breakfast as the McDonalds is always swamped. Of major importance to me is the in-room internet. It's not wifi as someone below commented, but I prefer it that way because it's consistent and fast. They are smart and include and extra long Cat-5 Cable.. . I actually prefer the buffet here over the one in the Luxor (I stay there a lot too) because it's better laid out. Access to the New York New York and Luxor is just a small hike away. Stay here if you're looking for friendly staff and a great price.. . It got a 5 out of 5 based on price/value. It's not fair to compare it to it's neighbors as they are often twice the price if not more.
I had an issue with Orbitz and booming. I remained calm and stayed nice. In return they helped me out and both Manager and check-in clerk were very understanding and helpful. The rooms are very nice, clean, and upgrading is worth it!
I stayed twice at the Excalibur and both times everything was perfect! Nice staff, comfortable room, great location and unbeatable price! Oh and there's Buca Di Beppo!
Great Place for the Price. Also on the good end of the Strip! They gave us free good and drinks and free entry to the clubs. I'll stay here every time!
My friend and I stayed here for one night during a road trip around CA and Vegas. We stayed in a different hotel for some nights and decided to add a night at Excalibur which we liked during our sightseeing. Booking was easily done online, and we received a free upgrade to a more updated room! The rooms in tower 1 are the original rooms of the hotel and are more themed. The rooms in tower 2 are updated and more modern. The room was good and had everything we needed. The only thing was a weird smokey smell in the room which required us to ventilate the room. This was a non-smoking room! The bathroom was clean and so was the bedroom. The staff was friendly and helpful - from reception to housekeeping that supplied us with extra blankets quickly and happily. The valet service is efficient. The casino was fun and we really enjoyed it! The hotel is in good location - a tram away from Luxor and Mandalay Bay and a walk from all other hotels along the strip! Recommended for a fun break in Vegas!
