Did I pay $22 for kimchi fried rice? Yes. Would I do it again? Heck Yes. Absolutely delicious! Hubby liked his steak, the drinks were tasty and the desserts were yummy. We'll go back
Josh Gannis and I thought that the lobster pad thai special was outstanding!
I've been to both Tao Las Vegas and Tao NYC.  Same experience: beautiful swanky ambiance paired with great food!. . Being buddhist, I kind of have a problem with Buddha as decorations, but in some way, I like it.    . . Tao is beautifully decorated, but a huge buddha in the main dining room.  We were seated immediately, but they want all of your party to be there to be seated.  My family loved this restaurant, all of their dishes were delicious.  The miso chilean seabass and lobster dishes were fantastic.. . It's expensive asian good, but they're of great quality.  I love TAO and would always go back when I'm in LV.
With all the hype I though we were just paying for the ambiance at Tao but the flavors were bold and delicious! We made reservations and we had no problems getting in on a friday night (even with reservations some end up waiting)  Half of us went towards the towards the Noodle dishes the other half got rolls. Personally I don't think its worth getting rolls The Lo Mien was bad ass the Pad Thai was unlike any other i have tried we loved it.  We had the Sweet potato tempura as the appetizer it was nice. The drinks however were not. the Tao-tini (I had to go there wanted something lighter) was just bad another person in our party got the lemon grass something and he didn't like that much either. The prices are so fair its ridiculous. Noodles ranging from 14-20 dollars. The Desert was sexy we got a big fortune cookie stuffed with Chocolate cream on one side and vanilla cream on the other It was hot. The best part is we got comp admission to tao night club and didn't even have to wait in line and honestly admission alone would have been the price of our tab. Tao is defiantly a Must!
AMAZING food, service and setting. Loved it. Will definitely go back.  Get a reservation though - it gets VERY busy on a weekend.
Their food was soooo good! We had a lot of people with us for dinner, so we ordered tons on the menu, and I do not have one complaint about anything I ate. The inside of the restaurant is absolutely gorgeous, and the place settings are even awesome. You will really enjoy this food, the ambiance, and the service!!!
Everything Asian me and my husband eat is compared to here. The dumplings so fresh and flavorful and tender and OH GOD! Just so good. I order the salmon, love salmon. It was so tender I barely touched it with my fork and it was almost creamy in texture to eat. The drink were good to not overly heavy but not watered down either, some creative options as you would expect on the strip. I can't even remember what he ordered because I was so focused on my dish. We ordered the dumplings twice because they were just that good.
Every single time I go to Vegas, I go to Tao. . I love their food & drinks. . They are awesome! . I love this place! . Tao is my Favorite Restaurant in Vegas!
I'm quite picky about restaurants and don't give out 5 stars easily, however I do feel like based on my personal experience, that this place warrants it.. . We had reservations for dinner here although we knew that despite having reservations there would be a bit of a wait. We sat in the nice lounge and looked over the drink menu until the hostess led us to ourtable.. . We had a nice booth on the left hand side of the large Buddha that dominates the room. I definitely liked the decor (although it does take some getting used to the dim lighting).. . DRINK RECOMMENDATION:  I love the Tiger Lilly...Ketel One Vodka, Chambord, and Pinapple Juice. The Tao Love Potion # 9 is also supposed to be a big hit.. . To start, I ordered the Kobe Tartare Tempura, which was absolutely amazing. First, make sure to note that appetizer portions (at least where our meals were concerned) were huge, and I was pretty much full after it. The flavors were so bold and exciting and it was an amazing start to my dinner.. . For my main course I had the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass. It seemed to be what most people recommended you order.  I do not like seafood in general, but when you go to places such as Tao, which are known for it, then you have to just trust that it will help with your misconceptions. And it really did. The sea bass was amazing...very light, flavorful, and not fishy at all. It was perfectly cooked on a bed of vegetables and had a very nice flavor profile.  Sadly, I couldn't even finish it!. . For dessert...I believe it's an off the menu thing...but the Giant Fortune Cookie is a must. Depending on the number of your party, they'll put the appropriate amount of fortunes in it...most of them being sexual in nature and quite funny!. . After dinner, we waited for the manager to arrive so that we could get our hand stamped in order to get into Tao Nightclub without waiting in line.  All in all a great meal with some amazing food and flavor profiles!. . P.S. The bathroom is definitely interesting. While washing your hands, make note if you look at the gaps between the mirror and the sink, you can peer into the men's restroom and even see men standing by the urinals. It was so random yet funny at the same time. ;)
Fantastic food and good (albeit not speedy) service. The waiter was very friendly and happy to make recommendations. They were very accommodating of my dietary needs (vegan) and I ended up getting the kung pao chicken with tofu instead of chicken. They also allowed me to substitute brown rice. The place is absolutely gorgeous...worth the money!!
I always have to get my TAO fix every time I go to Vegas.  Best Asian cuisine on the strip.  The food is always great and presentations creative. Haven't had a dish that I didn't like.  The wait staff is very professional, very knowledgeable from apps to dessert, cocktails to the wine list.  The evening that we were there, they offered a 3 course pre-pix menu for $55/person, with quite a few selections for each course.  The portions were plenty and the taste even more outstanding.  What we did was to get everything on the menu so we can share all the dishes.. . Cocktails:. TAO-hito, TAO's version of the classic Mojito with Bacardi Limon Rum. Lychee Martini, Belvedere, Triple Sec and Fresh Lychee Puree . Mango Tamarind Martini, Finlandia Mango Vodka, Cranberry Juice and Tamarind. Orient Express, Stolichnaya Vanilla Vodka, Kahlua and Chilled Espresso. . Wines:  . Shiraz, Hope Estates 2007, Hunter Valley, Australia. . Appetizers:. Satay of Chicken with Peanut Sauce - Chicken cooked just right.  Peanut sauce so tasty.. . Spicy Tuna Tartare on Crispy Rice Cakes - Tartare just seasoned perfectly.  I could have had two of these... that good!. . Crispy Thai Shrimp with Spicy Pineapple Sauce - Shrimps were huge!  Spice just right.. . Entrees:. Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon with Tempura of Onion Rings - Wasabi crust not too overwhelming as Wasabi can be.  Filet cooked at medium with just the right pink to the meat.. . Pad Thai Noodles - Best Pad Thai ever..... . Soy Ginger Glazed Salmon with Udon Noodles and Spinach - Salmon cooked medium, noodles flavorful. . . Side Dishes:  . Vegetable Fried Rice. Spicy Hoi Yin Eggplant. . Desserts:. Chocolate Spring Rolls w/Kalamansi Dipping Sauce - OMG Delish!!!. . Crispy Fuji Apple Blossoms serviced with Tahitian Vanilla Bean Ice Cream - OMG Delish!!!. Assorted Ice Creams and Sorbets with Almond Sesame Cookies - OMG Delish!!!. . . OVERALL EXPERIENCE:. Food:  Made sure you bring a big appetite.  The dishes don't skip on portion control.. . Service:  Outstanding.. . Decor:  Very Asian with a ZEN like feel.  Bring you camera for some great photo opts.  You know us Asian just love to take pictures!. . Price:  Can be pricey, but wouldn't you just want to dine at a place with a ZEN like atmosphere and enjoy your food with calm..... . After dinner, the restaurant turns into a nightclub, so enjoy the rest of your evening drinking and dancing.  What a way to end the evening!. . Highly Recommend!. . Enjoy!
TAO restaurant is always the highlight of my visits to Vegas.  Love the atmosphere, although a bit unnerving to have big Buddha staring at you while you down delicious shots of premium sake!  Always a fun night of celeb spotting as JayZ or Mariah come through with their posses.  LOL.. . Nice large restaurant with plenty of servers and bussers so you never have to go looking for someone or wait long before someone walks by.  . . I have been to this location several times.  The food is always spot on and despite being in the desert, the sushi is as fresh as I've ever tasted, anywhere in the world.  Seriously, they have to have it flown in daily right from the harbor!  . . My favorite entrees are the sea bass and the steak dish.  Sorry, don't remember what they're called on the menu.
WHERE: Located inside TAO Nightclub (downstairs). . WHAT: My girls and I come here to redeem our complimentary dinners once in a while.  I haven't actually sat down and payed for a meal here so I have no idea what the prices look like, but I know that the food was worth my tip!!. . The all-girl complimentary dinner includes:. -one round of shots for the girls of the party (lemon drop, washington apple, or their tao special). -edimame beans. -fried rice. -asian seasoned salad. -about 3 rolls of sushi. -sweet pork. -dumplings. -eggrolls. -lettuce wraps. -and you are able to choose a specialty drink from the list of drinks for free!. -for dessert, a tao-made fortune cookie with a sexy/funny fortune! =D. . Yuupppp!! Our dinner came with all of that!! It was so much food, I don't think we were able to go up to the club to dance right after! (The most recent time at least).. . The service was excellent, the food was excellent. So, I leave you with this.. . EXCELLENCE!! haha
While I've been to Tao several times for cocktails  I had never dined there before.  My most recent Vegas excursion rectified that minor detail.. . From the moment we entered the restaurant, to the time we left, service was attentive and friendly.  I started off the evening by ordering my favorite cocktail, the Tao-tini.  If you've never had a Tao-tini, I highly suggest you do so ASAP.  . . We ordered multiple items off the menu for our dinner, including the Chilean Sea Bass Satay as an appetizer.  After watching the Vegas edition of "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" on Food Network, we wanted to try this highly touted app.  I am so happy we did!  That was seriously one of the best foods I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  Everything else was just as yummy.  Tuna Tar Tar, Pad Thai, Halibut, etc. etc.  We all loved the food. . . I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas so I can go back to dine at Tao on all of their wonderful food...and to have another Tao-tini.  ;)
Delicious. Great fried rice, great fish. Would def. come back, especially if it was a bit less expensive! wink wink
Every time we go to Vegas, we eat here.  Its hard to justify going to other places when this spot is so amazing.  I know Vegas has a lot to offer, but this place never dissappoints.  . Crisy Thai Shrimp with spicy pineapple sauce appetizer, Thai Crab Cakes with Mango chili suace, Filet Mingnon with wasabi crust, orange chicken, were all superb. . Everything has a unique and wonderful flavor.  Everything we've ordered has been excellent.  They play loud music but its also a club and its fun...the decor is wonderful and beautiful and spectacular. Great service. Its a can't-miss.
AMAZING flavors! Had dinner with my family last weekend while in Las Vegas. We ordered several dishes and had a "family style" dinner. Everything was to die for... Lobster dim sum is a must!
This was my first time dining at Tao. This review is for the restaurant not the nightclub. . . The ambiance and decor... is great. Enter via long hallway with several flower pedal ponds. We were escorted to a good dtable past the giant buddah statue.. . The service... is great, very attentive and professional. . . The food... I am currently on a strict diet so I did not eat much. I saw a picture of a shrimp plate on their website and knew I wanted that because it works with my diet, I ordered an appetiser plate of the crispy Thai shrimp thinking it was what was on the picture, however that was not it. However what I got which was stuffed shrimp in a fried wrap similar to an eggrog was devine. Others in my party ordered Chillean sea bass, lobster wontons, and other delish looking dishes and they said it was all excellent. I capped off the night with a pot of green tea which was great. I love Asian food and I highly recommend Tao to anyone.
This is one of the best places we've ever been to. We hit it everytime we're in Las Vegas or NYC. Amazing food and experience.
This was my second time dining at Tao and this was a far better experience than the first. We were seated promptly in a romantic booth on the far side of the restaurant near the gigantic Buddha on the first floor.. . If there was a way to take home and/or replicate the decor of Tao, I would in an instant. (I'm a sucker for asian decor, but I digress.). . The service was phenomenal. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable on the menu, although he did try to sell us on the most expensive things available (go figure.) We had show reservations at NYNY and we were finished with more than enough time to spare.. . My boyfriend had the hamachi (yellowtail) to start with. The fish was fresh and delicious, although the sushi rice left something to be desired. For an entree, he had the Hong Kong XO Shrimp with Long Beans and Jasmine Rice, which he loved.. . Eating out for me has been pretty rough lately since I developed some weird food intolerances. There's very little in the way of flavorful food that I can have without giving me a terrible stomachache. . . Since I'm not a fan of seafood, I decided to go with the Bamboo Steamed Vegetable Dumplings with Crunchy Cucumbers and a side of jasmine rice. These were the best dumplings both my boyfriend and I had *ever* had (and probably will ever have.) If you like vegetables at all, you HAVE to get these. So full of flavor and healthy to boot! We joked at the end of the meal that we'd come back and just get four orders of these dumplings.
Drinks: Awesome!. Food:  Wonderful!. Service: Great!. Atmosphere: Fun!. . You need to come here when you are in Vegas. This place is awesome. I have not had a single dish here that was not amazing. This place is perfect for an intimate date night, or a family gathering. . . We usually like to get a bunch of different small dishes and eat family style. A bunch of sushi rolls, some tempura, a couple of side dishes, and you are set! Whatever you do, please make sure you save room for dessert!! They have a chocolate zen parfait (with godiva chocolate in it!) and chocolate spring rolls for all you chocolate lovers out there! Yumm!!
So who goes to eat at a night club and expects great tasting food and customer service? Not me, that's for sure. Well Tao (the restaurant) was a pleasant surprise. They were able to accommodate about 20-25 of us for dinner (though our reservations were for 11:30pm, but we made them at 4pm).. . I would say majority of us ordered the sea bass and majority of us would say, it was damn good! We also ordered a family style dish of some fried rice and that was good too. I was amazed at how good the food was. Quality of the fish was excellent. My only gripe is the portion we all got. It's not a big portion. If you come here hungry, you won't leave full, I'll tell you that. . . The service here is excellent, great staff brought everyone what they ordered, cups were never empty, the brought us everything we needed... all while being in the dark. I have no idea how they got everyone their order without being able to see, but they did... and the fish  (sea bass) was cooked to perfection. . . WAIT... there's more! So we recently just found out that if you eat here you get entrance to the Tao night club too... without waiting! On top of all that, they gave us a free pass to Tao Beach the next day. What a deal! What would have cost us about 80 bucks (dinner, club entrance, beach entrance)... cost us the price of dinner.
It's fairly rare that I'll kick out a 5 star review. In my opinion, a restaurant has to meet or exceed on ALL expectations in order to achieve a five star rating. That said, Tao Las Vegas achieves exactly this. . . I have eaten here many times at this point but this particular review is for dinner last Saturday. I was in town with friends for a birthday celebration. There were 5 of them and none of them had ever gone to Tao. So, I wanted to share the love and expose them to the joy of Tao cuisine.. . Our reservation was for 6:30PM. We arrived 10 minutes early and were seated promptly. We quietly pulled the server aside and let him know that it was a birthday dinner and he promised to take care of it. . . During dinner, we ordered everything from the steak (amazing!) to the TAO Angry Dragon roll (highly recommended). Some items that I recommend, in no particular order:. . TAO Angry Dragon Roll - Delicious. Satay of Chilean Sea Bass w/ Wok Roasted Asparagus - no trip to Tao is completely without this. Lobster Wontons - a good secondary choice - if you have room add this. . One thing I should point out - if you're feeling like steak, don't shy away from TAO's offerings. They were FANTASTIC! And very uniquely seasoned. . . In fact I want one right now.. . Last but not least - the restaurant delighted us by bringing us a huge fortune cookie for my friend's birthday, filled with chocolate mousse and white chocolate mousse.. . FYI the chocolate mousse was the best that I've ever tasted!. . And finally - they ended the night by serving us delicious coffee. . . Thank you Tao. I love you. And I'll be back to see you again really really soon.
Will definitely be coming here next time my girls and I hit up vegas. This place is sooo yummy. There is a lot of hype around this place simply because celebrities come here and what not, so i was hoping it would be good, but was having my doubts. All have been washed away and this is a must have every time im in vegas!
TAO restaurant is breathtakingly delightful.. . Every dish they have here is delectable and soothes your tastebuds like you won't believe.. . I have been here a few times, and each time I have been pleasantly surprised with the amount of delicious food they have here. . . Here are a few suggestions:. *The halibut on a skewer. I don't even like cooked fish, but this was salty and so yummy!. *Kobe beef tempura roll. Exactly how it sounds. Pair it with some great wasabi and soy sauce, and you get a bit of a carpaccio feel.. *Pork potstickers. These potstickers melt in your MOUTH!!!. *Pad Thai. Very tasty with a subtle hint of peanut.. . TAO is a bit pricey, but they have a full bar and a great menu. The chefs are also very courteous about allergies and specific requests. . . Go here! Your tastebuds will be dancing!
The ambiance is great.  Very cool artistic stuff on the walls.  Unfortunately we had reservations for 10 and they put us at a table that in no way should have held more than 6 or 8.  I have never been so cramped in all my life at a dinner.  That is a minus for this review.. . After trying about 10 different appetizers at our table, I was probably hovering around a 3-star review.  The food was average for Asian food at best.  What do you expect, right?  It's an restaurant with food from all different Asian cuisines, probably not doing any of them real justice.  Then I got my entree which was miso seabass.  OMFG.  I eat lots and lots and lots of fish and seafood.  When I go out to eat, that's pretty much all I ever eat.  The fillet was over 1" thick and cooked to absolute perfection.  It friggin' fell apart with hardly any pressure of the fork.  The miso was perfect.  Just a light coating which really enhanced the flavor of the fish itself instead of drowning or masking the taste of the fish.  So the hero of the plate?  The fish.  Ding ding!!!  We have a winner.  So many times I get fish and the hero of the plate is the sauce on top.  If you have a very fresh fish cooked properly the sauce should be mild and minimal.  I was jumping for joy.  Seriously, I've had miso cod and miso seabass and this has to be the best I've ever had.. . Luckily for me before ordering the entree, I told everybody I wasn't interested in sharing.  I had enough beef and other types of meat in the appetizer round that I had no interest in anymore.  Nobody else wanted to order fish or real seafood, so I didn't try any of the other entrees.  I'm so glad - the fish was put on my plate from heaven.. . Others at the table that were sharing their entrees were saying the pepper beef was really good, too.  I had no interest in trying it.. . If I went back, there's no way I'd even try another entree because quite honestly, I doubt it will be anywhere nearly as good.  The appetizers were average - 3 stars.  However, the fish was a 5++++ star, so that averages out to 5 star.  I have a strong feeling that most of the entrees are not nearly as good.  I'll never find out because I'm not going to try them!  Based on what I saw others eating and their responses, they seemed to think the entrees were of similar level as the appetizers and were just decent.
This review is strictly for the restaurant. I had one of the best meals I've ever had while there. The waiter was attentive and all of his recommendations paned out. We told him we wanted what he would recommend. He took input as to what we don't like and everything he brought out ended up being perfect once it came out. . . The food was expensive, but you're in the wrong city if that is a deal breaker. If you're going to go big - go here.
I have eaten at both TAOs in Las Vegas and NYC many times. Delish! . . The decor is similar in both establishments (large stone buddha, lots of red and black). Service has always been on point and it's great for groups because the atmosphere is loud and fun.. . Some of my favorite menu items are:. . -cloudy sake. -lychee martini. -salmon sashimi appetizer (with jalepeno). -crispy rice (which has tuna on it). -miso-glazed sea bass. -giant fortune cookie. . Some of their menu items are also found on TAO Beach's menu.. . Oh, and remember to always read your fortune out loud and end it with "in the bed."
The best meal I ever had in my life was here.  It was swordfish medallions in a thin sauce with tempura vegetables.  They no longer have it on the menu, at least at the New York location, but my other meals there were great too.. . Modern atmosphere and great for group or for a date.. . I would return, and did at the New York location for a birthday celebration.
Tao is often overlooked when one thinksof dining in Vegas, but give it a chance - you will be pleasantly surprised! I like to take my out-of-town guests here for a one-stop dinner/club experience and we always have an amazing meal and an amazing time.. . I have pretty much tried everything on the menu at this point and I've never had a dish I didn't like. There are two dishes that I adore and frequently re-order: (warning, I get pretty cheesy about the following dishes). .  The Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass. *Located in the "From The Sea" section of the menu. . Oh my gosh, the sea bass.... This would very likely be my last meal on Earth! The sea bass is usually prepared to the perfect melt-in-your mouth consistency with a subtle miso glaze that delicately balances the flavor of the fish. On a few occasions it came out slightly overdone and they happily sent out another one.. . Salmon Sashimi with Avocado, Crispy Onions. *Located in the "Special Dishes" section of the menu. . This is one of those genius dishes that seems so simple until you take that first magical bite. The combination of texture and flavor is mind-blowing. The salmon sashimi, avocado, and sweet and spicy sesame sauce flavors with just a hint of crispy onions brilliantly balance each other like like a symphony of flavors in your mouth! . . After you finish your incredible meal, Tao will send you off with a naughty little fortune cookie. And if you're lucky, maybe it will come true ;) Hey, it's Vegas!. . So do yourself a favor and check it out. If you have a night of clubbing ahead, you can usually get escorted into the nightclub upstairs from your table.. . Tip: If you're just a small party of 2-3 and they don't have any reservations available at the time you want, you can usually just head back to the sushi bar and get a seat right away.
Absolutely incredible food and service. The Miso glazed Sea bass tasted as moist as cake. It is indescribable! My husband had the Ahi tuna , the wasabi sauce was unreal. The layers of flavors in that sauce were like nothing I have ever tried. We could have drunk it! Service was impeccable.. We will for sure come back. I am tempted to go back tonight!
Jesus Christ, yes.  This experience was fantastic.  All the flavors were amazing and the portions were just right.  At about $100 per person for dinner, I wasn't even complaining on the way out.  I has the Alaskan Roll and the Chilean Sea Bass.  Plus, one of those Tao-Tinis.  I'd definitely go back!. . Pros: everything. Cons: I can't eat there more often
Wow! Everything here was amazing: the food, the service, the drinks! Craftsteak was my 2nd favorite restaurant, but this place is now in 2nd (Kokomo's for their lobster bisque remains at #1).. . We came without reservations at 9pm after Phantom and the place was packed. Amazingly enough, we got seated immediately. The ambiance was dark, trendywith loud music. I loved the giant Buddha.. . Our waiter was super nice and always on the ball as we ordered several rounds of drinks. I got the Taotini and my husband got the Orange Dragon. They were super yummy. ($12 each). . But the food...the food! I want to go back to Vegas already just to eat here again.  We ordered the small plates:. . 1. Satay of Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Roasted Asparagus. . - this was so freakin amazing. 2nd best bite of food I've had in my entire life. Flaky, delicate, tender and so flavorful. We'd heard about this from The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Vegas on the Food Network. Did NOT disappoint!!!!  This came with 2 skewers.($19). . 2. Thai Crab Cakes with Mango Chili Sauce. - best crab cakes I've ever had. Crunchy outside, such a wonderful crab flavor with a tangy & spicy mango chili sauce. 3 to an order on these. ($18). . 3. Lobster Wontons with Shiitake Ginger Broth. - we thought these were going to be crunchy, but they were soft and tender in a delicious broth. The lobster was so delicate and not chewy whatsoever. These were super yummy. 4 wontons. ($18). . We were so in love with the sea bass that we ordered another because we could NOT get enough!!!. . We were too full for dessert. We loved our naughty fortunes. I absolutely will be dreaming about this food until we get back to Tao again.
This is possibly one of the best meals that I have ever had. We did a full on family style meal for our group. We got to try a little of everything! The sea bass is as good as everyone says. One of the best fish dishes I have ever had. The Kobe beef is amazing, and sushi rolls are delicious. We also had lobster, pad thai, beef, and peking duck. It was all so so delicious, and I was glad to get to taste so many dishes. We were all STUFFED at the end of our meal. We ended with the giant fortune cookie- AH-MAZING experience. The server had impeccable product knowledge on all the dishes. A++ for him!
This is one of my new favorite restaurants in Vegas. I can't stop thinking about how good their Chilean sea bass is! If you go here, order this. You will not be disappointed. . . One thing to keep in mind is that you should probably make reservations. We went here on a Monday night at 9:30 p.m. thinking we would get seated right away. Apparently not. The hostess looked at us like we were crazy when we said we didn't have reservations. The wait ended up being an hour but luckily we were staying at the Palazzo so we went back up to the room for some drinks to kill some time. . . We ordered the sea bass (amazing), the coconut shrimp and udon noodles. The shrimp was really crispy and the sauce on it was so good. The udon noodles were whatever. I don't really like udon noodles in general so i can't really give an honest opinion.. . We tried their sake sampler but I realized that I'm not a sake fan. It's too strong. Their mixed drinks are pretty good though. . . Since we came here on a Monday, the club was closed. I'd imagine that when the club is open it could get pretty loud. There was music playing but I don't remember it being overbearing. . . If you're looking for some where to eat in Vegas I'd recommend this place for sure.
NOTE: THIS PLACE IS QUITE ASIAN (food-wise). . This place is great. Fabulous.  Wonderful.  Not just the food, but also the service.  My girlfriends and I went to Vegas for Spring Break and decided to try out Tao.  There were 6 of us, and being poor college students, we did not want to splurge too much on the first day of vacay.  As such, we spent almost 20 minutes trying to decipher the menu and decide what to order -- I think our server came up to us at least 3 times in those 20 minutes.  Finally, we got over our shyness and asked him what he would recommend for us.  Our server was friendly, and directly asked our price range; we stated $30-$40 per person, at most.  He offered to put together a "tasting menu" JUST FOR US.  We were really grateful, and we immediately accepted the offer.  . . DISHES:  Most famous for their sea bass; our waiter ordered 3 appetizers of sea bass (2 sticks per order, so we each got one stick), a ravioli thing (I think?), and some other noodle and dumpling dishes.  When the food arrived, our server explained that he had given us a mix of the most popular dishes of their restaurant, and the dumplings and noodle things were just to "fill us up."  Indeed, between the delicious food and omg-I-can't-get-over-the-sea-bass, we were extremely full by the end of dinner, and each person's bill averaged less than $30. . . We were so happy with the food and service that we decided to tip more (I think we tipped like 25% lol).. . So for my rating: . . sea bass: 5/5; all other food: 4/5. . service: 5/5
Just had dinner last night at one of my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  This is the busiest restaurant in the country and the is a reason why!!!  Even though i have had them a dozen times before, the Chilean Sea Bass skewers were still amazing.  The sushi rolls were excellent and the duck is something that you would not miss out on.  The service was just as great as the food.  After a few years, Tao is as strong as ever.  If you are in Vegas, make sure you grab a bite at Tao.
WOW, WOw, Wow, wow. I do not even have words to describe Tao. It is one of my favorite restaurants of all time. The food is so good. I got a couple sushi rolls, the filet mignon udon, and this ginger chicken. All impeccable. As you would expect all the dessert is also amazing (i recommend the mochi sampler). And the drinks, oh the drink, they hit the spot. The service is crazy with a million waters. The ambiance is one of a kind: baths, statues, lighting, etc. And lets not forget it is in the beautiful Venetian.
My hubby and I ate here at Tao the first time we visited Vegas for his birthday and loved it.  We made reservations since they tend to get very busy.  The decor and ambiance is just amazing.  Waiter was super nice and helpful.  We had various sashimi and sushi for appetizers and the hubby ordered a steak and I hade the grilled sea bass.  Everything was just yummy!  This place is cool if you want a romantic dinner but fun and hip enough if you and some friends want to hang out.  Definitely coming back when we visit Vegas again.
This is my second year coming to Tao and they dd not disappoint.  started with the spicy shrimp and crab roll.- awesome...Wife and I both had the rice and noodles- fantastic, and then Chilean Sea Bass- phoenominal.  Service was outstanding and the ambiance was just lovely.  I forgot my credit card and the mgr tracked down my reservation and called my cell to let him know he had the card.  Thank you
Better than the Tao in NYC!. . Pros:  . Excellent food! Try about 3 oz. ($16 per oz) of the raw Kobe beef Tao Shabu Shabu. Also, the Soy Ginger Glazed Salmon with Udon Noodles and Spinach ($26).. Atmosphere is chic and just right. We sat at the sushi bar since there was limited seating, but the seats were spacious and comfortable. . Drinks are excellent here. Especially their Saketini. . Dress to impress. . . Cons: Reservations. My gf and I were here on a busy Labor Day Weekend. We called to make reservations the morning of, but they were fully booked until 10:45. The hostess answered that if it were just two people, then they should be able to seat us right away.  We had to wait for about an hour to find seats.
From the moment we walked in and were greeted by the Host it was the best! Friendly people and a warm inviting atmosphere set the tone for the evening. Our waitress Anne was perfectly attentive and accommodating. The food was amazing and so was the service. We will definitely go back the next time we're in Vegas!.
We went here at 5 pm for dinner with my adult kids to celebrate my wife's birthday.. The service was great. Everyone seemed professional and friendly.. My kids love the Chilean Sea bass that was suggested by the waiter, we even ordered the second one.. My wife was happy getting an order from my kids a Giant Fortune Cookie with a "Happy Birthday" written on the plate.. We went home with a good memory and would like to come back when we are in Vegas next time.
3.5 stars, really? If this place is 3.5 stars, then Dallas must have no good Asian food according to Yelpers because this place blew everywhere in Dallas out of the water (except Nobu).. . We had a large group, so we basically ordered one of everything on the menu and passed it around to share. Everything was excellent! . . I don't like sea bass, but I tried the Satay of Chilean Sea Bass with Roasted Asparagus (a small plate), and LOVED it!! Our table ordered half a dozen of these plates because it was a favorite by far! . . Good selection of Cabernet wines too!. . Also, if you want to get into Tao Nightclub, but don't want to pay or stand in line, make reservations and eat here first. Because we dined here, the restaurant stamped our wrists for the club, and we got right in through the restaurant with no lines. Escorted straight up to the club! It's one of the best clubs in Vegas, so go for it!
This was definitely a stop I have wanted to make and finally got the chance to. I have been to many restaurants in Vegas and this is at the top. The service was unbelievable. The ambiance is awesome with the great architecture, music, decor, and buzzthroughout the restaurant. We had a larger group with many different tastes, so our server brought out "the chef's special" which was a plethora of choices. Excellent food, drinks, and atmosphere!
We absolutely loved this place! The decor, the food, the drinks the service - everything was top notch!!!  . . I would highly recommend the sea bass - it was divine.
The food here is absolutely awesome!  The atmosphere is a lot of fun and the service is top-notch.  I loved everything we ordered and only wish my room had a fridge so I could have taken the (few) leftovers.  I will defintiely go back next time I'm in Las Vegas.
This place was AMAZING!  I went with a group of 11 and we started at the bar with cocktails that were extremely strong, the way they should be.  When we were sat it was in front of the HUGE Buddha statue and instantly we had a small group of servers at our table, the wine was excellant, the appetizers were amazing, the tentativeness of the staff was steller and our main dishes were great!  We had the table with the turn table on it and I am not quite sure what we ate but was impressed that our server asked if we had any food allergies.   The fortune cookies were a riot!!
I stayed at the Venetian for 4 nights and went to Tao every day! The first night I went with my husband just for a drink and a light snack after arriving and he got hooked on the sugar cane in the Taojitos. We met Stephan the second time we went and he is awesome! He made our favorite drinks perfectly and suggested cocktails with similar ingredients that he created himself. He is also a great resource for where to go and what to do. Thank you, Stephan!
Amazing atmosphere, great service, fantastic drinks and really good food.   For someone to say this place is over priced is  completely ridiculous.....  If you are paying $8 for a water in the hotel gift shop, what do you expect to pay for an entree at one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas?  Expect to spend like $75 a person if you order a 3 course meal with drinks.  I highly recommend this to any group, party or couple visiting Las Vegas.  This is my 2nd time at TAO and I have not had a bad meal.  You wont be disappointed!
OMG AMAZING!  we went as a group of 9 people.  we all ordered drinks and the waitress was really helpful in helping us decide which ones to choose.  for appetizers we had the spicy yellowtail roll and some scallop/lobster roll, gyoza, and some fried triangle thing.  the sushi rolls and gyoza were my favorite.  the triangle thing was good but it wasn't as good as the other appetizers.  i specifically ordered the sand pot lobster and other seafood.  it was good.  i tried my friends Chilean sea bass and it was delicious.  i only had a piece but it was perfect.  i would definitely recommend it!  the only thing is that it's kinda dark and after a certain time the music starts to get clubby.
Exceptional service & food... We had a table of 9 our waiters were attentive and our food was exceptional... I personally loved the pepper steak & coconut shrimp.   The reviews almost scared me away.  I am glad I gave Tao a try... Loved the ambience of the restaurant.  We were seated right next to the large budda.. Everyone in our party was pleased and had a great time...  Thank you Tao ... Until next time
If you're in Vegas & you don't visit Tao, you are missing out! . . Ask for Geoffrey to be your waiter, if he is available. He recommends the most delicious dishes and describes them down to the very last detail. He truly made our dining experience one to remember. . . The sushi and rolls were alright, nothing crazy. The spicy tuna on crispy rice is very delicious. I had a stir fry vegetable dish with noodles. It was very filling. My boyfriend had the Kobe beef carpaccio topped by a baby arugula salad. I am not a fan of raw meat, yet I tried it and it was unbelievably fresh. . . The dessert plate included edible chopsticks and the fortune cookies had very interesting messages inside. . . Keep in mind, this restaurant is very dark and has a nightclub and lounge within the three story premise.
When in Vegas I like to experience different restaurants because there's so many to chose from. But Tao is the one place I have no problem being a repeat offender at. The food and cocktails are perfect!. . The orange chicken is AH-MAZING (I'm not a meat eater, but when I go on vacation I do, and I'm super picky about it). It tasted so so good. Also, go for the avocado tempura. I've never tasted anything like it.
We did not wait long for our table & the lounge area is a great spot to wait in. The TAO-tini is a must try! It is a light drink, that leaves a creamy raspberry taste in your mouth. The service was the best service I had my entire trip. I recommend the Spicy Tuna Tartare, Crab Cakes, and the Albacore Tuna Roll special, if they have it. I wasn't crazy about the Peking Duck spring roll. The desserts were equally amazing as the food. It definitely has an intimate atmosphere & the nightclub is above the restaurant. Those who dine there have access to the nightclub but go on a separate line. Definitely worth it!
Tao Asian Bistro is located in The Venetian hotel right next to TAO nightclub. Deciding what to order here was not easy since there is a variety of dishes to choose from but eventually we ordered the scallops, sashimi and pad Thai noodles. Everything was delicious as well as our drinks. This place is perfect for a date or with friends. We asked our waiter if we can get in the night club after dinner without having to wait in those long lines and he was very nice enough to direct us with the right people. We got stamped and had immediate access to the club. Food and service here is awesome!
Amazing atmosphere, amazing food, amazing service. The food was inspiring and delicious, the service impeccable, a highlight of my vegas trip!
Great location, great menu, great vibe, great waiter, fun creative food.. . For starters we did the Crunchy Spicy Yellowtail Roll and the Alaskan Salmon Crab and Avocado Roll - would have been happy if all we'd had was the sushi!  For dinner we had the coconut shrimp, the tile fish special (my favorite), a filet shabu shabu (Asian fondue) and the Mandarin Sizzled Fried Rice with Shrimp - loved it. I loved it all...... . Just go for yourself - it's worth the ride!
Lobster Kim Chee fried rice is one of the best things on the menu in my opinion.
Food is great and one of the best atmospheres in LV for a restaurant.  Check out the nightclub after dinner!
Absolutely gorgeous restaurant located at the Venetian. The decor is incredible and although the restaurant is big, it's still intimate because the tables are located on different levels. We had the lobster wontons in broth and both ordered the wasabi crusted filet. Excellent food bursting with flavor. My husband normally doesn't eat seafood and he loved the lobster wontons. With the purchase of a main entree, you do get access to the nightclub, but we were too tired to go at the end of the day. Servers are very knowledgeable and professional. Hostesses are gorgeous but very friendly.
I was lucky enough to tag along for a tasting menu experience before we all went upstairs for the club. Since they just kept bringing stuff out, I couldn't tell you what I had...but it was all awesome! They brought out a "shot tree"...whatever was in it is dangerous! It was all delicious
Oh lawdy lawd. . . Baby come back. You can blame it all on me! I was wrong and I just can't live without you!. . Ok enough of my antics I will preface my review by saying this.. . Dear Angela, you are a fantastic bartender/server! Thank you for making our experience at Tao Bistro amazing! . . Anywho onto my review of the food.. . Chilean Sea Bass (small plate): . Absolutely mouth watering. Full of bold flavour and can easily make you want more! This sea bass is so flaky and since its done right succulent as well. If you've never been into seafood this dish will definitely make you a believer that yes those swimmers in the deep blue are definitely worth snatching up and being prepared under Tao Bistros watchful eye.. . Get It!. . Chinese Sausage Fried Rice:. . I was a little wary of this dish just because Chinese sausage has always kind of put me off. Why I guess it's always been a little funky but whatever I figured since it was so highly recommended we'd give it a shot. Topped off with a fried egg we mixed our little rice dish together and well it was simply delicious. The rice for me was a little overcooked but with the flavors that were put in place to make this little side dish so stunning I looked passed it easily. Once again Tao bistro serves up full blown flavour with this dish. . . Tao Bistro definitely stands by that go big or go home ideal with its choices in flavour s used in their dishes. A respectable trait in a restaurant.. . If you're in Las Vegas make you're way over to Tao you definitely won't be disappointed.
I can't understand how this place gets a 3.5 stars.. This place it's just unbelievable with great food and fun atmosphere ...
Fantastic food & drinks at Tao Asian Bistro and the best way to get into Tao Nightclub.  The dumplings (5) for a starter were full of meat and had a little spice to them. For dinner we had the Tao lo mein, which was flavorful but a little salty, and we LOVED the sea bass, melted in your mouth! Highly recommend the sea bass for dinner. For dessert we had the doughnuts, which were light & fluffy with a sugar dusting and 3 dipping sauces (caramel, chocolate, vanilla). Their signature drink, Dragon Slayer, was also tasty and pretty strong. Total bill was $135 for 2 with tip and tax. . . After dinner you get a stamp on your wrist to cut the LONG line to get into the nightclub upstairs. I couldn't imagine doing it any other way. On Memorial Day weekend with dinner, ladies were free and guys were 1/2 off. Can't wait to do dinner and dancing at Tao again!
You will read that this place is expensive, but I promise the food, the atmosphere, and the service is totally worth the money. If your tight on cash and can't afford to go big, then I suggest you order just one thing and that is the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Vegetables. It is just as good as the reviews claim it to be. Buttery and tender sea bass that melts in your mouth with a delicious miso reduction.. . I also loved the Spicy Tuna Tartar bites served atop Crispy Fried Rice. There were 6 of them on the plate and the spicy aoili-like sauce on the plate was fabulous. . . Looking for a good bang for your buck?!? Try the Squab Lettuce Wraps, which are delicious and plentiful. We comfortably fed a table for six with them as an appetizer and asked for more lettuce "shells" to stretch them even further. . . Ohhhh if you are trying to go big, ordered the Wasabi Encrusted Filet Mignon with Tempura Onion Rings. The beef is super tender and the wasabi seasoning on the outer edge is unique and incredible. The beef was also cooked to the perfect temperature.. . I would skip out on the satay, the sushi, and the chicken dishes. They are just so-so and I feel like that is when people walk away feeling ripped off.
We ate at Tao this past weekend for our groups official bachelor party dinner and it was a major success. I set up the dinner about a month in advance for our group of 14.  I did a lot of research at other spots for a nice set menu dinner, and we ended up choosing Tao based on what they offered for the given price, and their great location on the strip. We almost did a steakhouse dinner elsewhere, but it would have come with less courses, and about $100 more per person.  . . Anyway, working with the Tao group was great. They provided us with a nice custom set menu, which really gives the dinner an 'official' feel, and always impresses the guest of honor. We all arrived and were greeted and escorted to the semi-private dining room which overlooks the restaurant. I was a bit shocked because I thought we needed 16 to get the room, but I guess based on our time slot and availability, we were able to be seated there.  This was awesome, and the whole group was way impressed already. . . We had a great spread of food, and they did a wonderful job with the portions and dividing it up well based on the seating. It wasn't tons of food, but it was still a good amount to leave everyone happy. The Peking duck spring rolls were a huge hit during the appetizer course. For our entrees, we went with orange chicken and the wasabi crusted filet mignon, and then a bunch of sides. Both were big hits, especially the orange chicken.  Then the dessert course came, which was ridiculous. The spread they brought out could have filled everyone up if that was the only thing we ate. Everything was amazing. . . Also the service was great throughout the event. No one seemed to be waiting for a drink which was awesome.  We were probably loud with speeches/toasts/etc, so having the semi-private area was perfect. . . All in all, everything went so smoothly from course to course, and we all left there in great spirits for the night ahead. Every one of the guys kept giving me props setting the dinner up and praises for how the food was just right in terms of what we got and how much we got of it.  It was an awesome feeling and confirmed that we definitely chose the right place for our bachelor parfy dinner, so I wanted to share some of the credit by writing this review. . Bravo.
Fri/7 Jun and Sat/8 Jun my 2 friends and I came here:. - Club passes for "complimentary admission for 2 ladies, reduced admission for 2 gentlemen" for Tao Club, Lavo Club or Tao Beach Club are available for free from the front desk/concierge at Venetian/Palazzo or the Tao desk in between those 2 hotels.  Just ask nicely.. - Fri/7 Jun we arrived about 11:55 midnight and we just missed entering viewing the "hotel guest" line (my friends were staying at the Venetian).  Took us only about 20 minutes to get in thru the main line.. - Fri/7 Jun it was $20/man, or $10/man with the club pass.  Sat/8 Jun it was $30/man, or $15/man with the club pass.. - Tao club had a typical ratio, I'd say about 60% guys, 40% gals, and average age of 25 or so (whereas Lavo crowd skews older, average of age 30 or so).  Lots of "happy 21st birthday" shout outs by the club/DJ.  Fri wasn't too busy but Sat was really packed.. - Bouncers, waitresses, bartenders were all cool.  I was ordering a couple of cocktails and the bartender accidentally threw away my beer sitting on the bar counter.  I told him, "hey, that's my beer" and he promptly replaced it. . - Cocktails are $13/ea.
Ambiance is incredible in regards to lighting. Impressive for any size party. Service makes you feel like there is a waiter just for you. . . The lobster and shiitake dumplings are a must get! Egg plant is also highly rated and wont let you down.. . Rate me up if you agree.
had dinner at TAO couple of times now.  service has always been outstanding (literally on point) lol . Food DELISSHHH, outstanding texture and flavor!  lobster dumplings and the typhoon lobster my fav!! crispy orange chicken is also great..sashimi is excellent... loud lounge type of environment makes dinner fun! haha
Cool place, really great food
Went with a group of 8 and ordered the Chefs Selections and the food was great.  It was decently priced per person based on what we ordered about $100 a head.  Its a great combo when you want to eat then go clubbing.  Also cant beat the decor.
YES! Wifey is in town and I set me and my girls up with the Tao comp dinner. We had an AWESOME server by the name of JASON - be sure to ask for him ladies!!! . We had SO much freakin' food and it was all VERY good. We each were able to order any drink our hearts desired and then at the end we had a delicious shot after our tasty meal! . There were two kinds of dumplings and one of them was SUPER good - I think they were kind of spicy, I can't really remember right now but they were awesome. The sushi was good and we got two different kinds of edamame. LOTS of food so go hungry ladies and have fun!
Good food but expensive as hell. Good place to be at least once in your life. Great atmosphere and good service
the price is the price, its listed outside before you enter so if you don't like the prices dont bother going in.. . food service beverages were exceptional. . we had the lobster wontons, wasabit crusted filet mignon (house special) both were amazing. . our new favorite place in vegas!
Greeted by incredible decor as you walk in and are seated, you're already excited about the meal to come. Japanese, Chinese and Thai fused in a way that made us extremely happy. White tuna sashimi, soft shell crab roll, lobster tail dumplings, duck spring rolls. All delicious dishes. Our favorites howeverwere Kobe tartare and five spice beef short ribs - OMG!!!! Of you like sake, and vodka, sake and fruity cocktails you're in for a treat. I had a sake called 'First Embrace of Snow'. A must if you live food and are in Vegas.
We came here with a party of 7 on a Saturday night at 9pm. Yeah we had reservations, this is Vegas!. . Prices....yeah....this is Vegas. As I said in my other reviews of Vegas places, you don't come here to save money so don't get mad at the price.. . We ate like kings and queens here. Pretty much had the entire menu as each person ordered a different appetizer and main dish. Very fancy, delicious and FAST considering the whole place was packed and busting at the seams. The kitchen and wait staff do great here. . . Ended up paying $107 a person before tip. Totally worth it when in a big group because you try pretty much the entire menu and the price included 1 drink. I didn't need any more than 1 drink here anyway. No, not because they pour them so strong....because we pregame and I was all set, if you know what I mean. Hey, it's Vegas baby!!!
Awesome. Food Delish.  Every time Im in Vegas, this is where I get my asian fix.. Music very cool..  Must try when your in Vegas!
Only been here for drinks - of course Chris is the BEST BARTENDER EVER!  Love the lounge... Looking forward to trying the food (hear it is AMAZING!!!) -- most probably when I win the lottery :)
Went here on a warm summer night with the girls and enjoyed a fabulous dinner.. Thursday nights are their Industry/locals night where they offer comped dinners to a few lucky ladies.. We were supposed to have 8 in our party, however, 2 couldn't make it but the host staff didn't b*tch about it so yay.... . We were seated in a nice corner semi/booth table where we could see all the action.. Our smiling server greeted us and explained to us how the comped dinners worked.. It includes several dishes family style, 1 cocktail per lady & if you're lucky a round of shots! . . We had many different dishes but some that stood out were:. -Edamame: you're probably thinking edamame what??? But they give you 1 that is plain and 1 that is seasoned! yum!. -Tuna Tataki: Fresh & perfect balance of heat! I just wish they would give you enough pieces to feed everyone.. I ended up having to go halvsies on my piece LOL. -Dumplings: We got 1 green vegetarian option and 1 spicy pork option. The pork dumpling was definitely the winner!!! . -BBQ Pork: was nice and flavorful and didn't have an overbearing pork taste.. -Shishito peppers: tossed with yuzu dressing = YUM. -Triangle shaped eggrolls- Jason recommended that we wrap them in the butter lettuce they are served on.. Great suggestion!!!!. -Fortune Cookie Cake: It wasn't exceptionally delicious but I love the cute fortunes that come with it! . . Service was AMAZING!!!! Our server, Jason R, made the dinner very enjoyable and even showed us a magic trick at the end of dinner! Definitely request his section! . . . HOT TIP: Look for a promoter they usually have some free shot tickets to use at the bar ;]]] We were also supposed to get comped bottle service after dinner but as it turns out you can only get either dinner or bottle service & not both~
Make reservations!. . The sushi is very fresh! Try the wild yellowtail! The rice is perfectly cooked and served nice and warm.. . Toro toro roll 10/10 get this amazing roll and enjoy every last bit. . . This place has excellent music and the Buddha statue adds to the ambiance. Go upstairs to the club afterwards(no cover w purchase of an entre)!
We loved this olace! Buddah Chicken, Snapper, Tao Temple salad. So good, foodgasm wothy. Sam, our server was so good too!
Last year we came here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner.. It was perfect! The waiter was great, our food was excellent and they did read on our reservation that we were coming for a birthday dinner so we got a birthday fortune cookie for dessert.. .  We got the spicy tuna roll, two miso soups with clams, salmon udon, and kung pao chicken, everything was delicious.. . No complaints here. $120 check plus, 20 tip.
