this place is DELICIOUS! the workers are very nice, the portions they give are HUGE and full of flavor. you can eat in or take out and no matter what, the food is always the best quality. they have mexican, chinese, and korean food and everything always has a good twist to it. i recommend the fusion tacos with chicken and a lettuce shell, and also the orange chicken where you get a BIG serving of orange chicken and white rice. they have something to offer for everyone and its not expensive at all so go try it!! :D
This place is awesome.  As the other people has posted your portions are HUGE, have great flavor and is really cheap.  The wife and I went here and had the fusion tacos.  I got the pork and it had awesome flavor (in tortilla).  She got chicken in lettuce and it was a little bland but I added some of the red chili paste and it was great.  They served us chips and salsa and the salsa was pretty good too.  The chips were crispy and soggy at the same time.  Some people like this, I don't really as they are chewy.  The fried wontons were good also, but not as good as being in Korea and getting yakimando.  The bulgogi was HUGE and AWESOME.  The total bill was 20 bucks and we took more than 1/2 home.  I asked Linda if the wonton was like yaki and she picked up that I had been to Korea before and offered some kimchi.  She said it's not on the menu but it is there if you want it.  It was good and you could tell it had some bubbly fermentation to it.
My wife heard about this place on Yelp and really wanted to try it. So we ventured over last weekend. I am glad we did!. . This is one of the best Korean/Mexican fusion places I have been to. WAAAY better than Hanshik taco and maybe even better than the famous Kogi trucks in L.A.. . We got the chicken, beef, and pork fusion tacos. We got the chicken in a lettuce wrap and the other two in a corn tortilla. We also ordered the bulgogi burrito. Everything was great. I preferred the tacos, but that has a lot to do with the fact that I'm not a big fan of rice in my burritos.. . I plan to be a regular customer.
Korean, Mexican FUSION? HAD to give it a try and holy mole the value of this place and the amount of food AND flavor wonderful :)  If your one of those people who wants a 'fancy' place to enjoy great food, move on and leave this hidden gem to the rest of us.  . While asking a question about the contents of a dish it was apparent that at least one of us had some knowledge of korean food and then we were offered kimchi as well.  We will def be back, HUGE portions we both ordered the bulgolgi and we most definitely could have shared.
The fusion tacos and fusion burritos are very tasty.  My son is very picky, but he loves their Orange Chicken!  Great food, huge portions, awesome prices!  What more can you ask for?  Small family operated restaurant, and they make you feel like a member of their family!. . If you open a KoMex in Orange County, I'll never have to cook again!  :-)
OHHHH YEAH!. . Love this place and will be going there a lot.  Let's start with their story.  They are a nice Korean couple who ran a Mexican market for 10 years.  Their food isn't a copy of the Kogi truck phenomenon in Southern California but rather a result of their experience at the market. They sold tacos, burritos, etc at their market.. . However, they cooked food for themselves.  So they would blend mexican food with korean bbq, chinese food, etc.  Pretty soon customers would ask them what they were cooking/eating and ask if they could try it.  Long story made short - eventually their fusion food was doing much better business than the market itself.  So they made the leap to open up their own restaurant.. . Now - on to the restaurant.  It doesn't have a ton of decor but that's to be expected from folks opening up their own business on a shoestring budget.  The food, however, is outstanding.. . I had the following:. . Burrito with Korean bbq pork.  This was definitely the highlight of my meal.  Served with a side of kimchee (though I'd recommend you ask for it inside the burrito if you want the best experience), the bbq pork is absolutely delicious.  Tender, flavorful, sweet, and savory.  Served with rice and veggies inside.  They serve the kimchee on the side cause they are worried about how Americans will react to it.  But I think you need the tangy kimchee to balance out the richness of the meat.  That's standard cooking.  The owners also bring you 3 hot sauces.  A korean chili, mexican hot sauce, and the owners' own house made hot sauce.  I'm not a big hot sauce person, but the owners' sauce was really excellent and flavorful.. . Taco with bulgogi (beef).  A big, meaty taco that has too much to eat without spilling out the fillings.  I don't think that's necessarily great to have so much on top but I know others will love the value.  Served with a lime wedge as is traditional.  Nice tender, flavorful meat with nice crispy veggies.  . . They serve you tortilla chips and salsa while you wait.  They seen to be from flour rather than corn tortillas which is unorthodox but fine.  . . The value is definitely there.  It's cheap.  I actually think they should raise the price a buck on all the food and move to a richer neighborhood but that's just me.  I will back here many times.  This is really a hidden gem.
After many sleepless nights I've decided a name more appropriate for KoMex. ChiKoMeRican Fusion Express. . . What the heck is right. . . I don't think I've have ever ate anywhere that serves Korean-Mexican fusion, Mexican, Chinese, and American. It is like the food court at a mall fell into a pot and KoMex was the product. . . What I like:. . - Uber cheap food. For $1.25 you can get a taco, but not just any taco, Korean marinaded beef, chicken, or pork sheltered by two corn tortillas OR protein style (lettuce) at no charge! Good bye Taco Bell Grade D "meat". . . - It tastes good. YEAAAAAAAA!. . - The portions are very generous. You can't even hold a taco without the lettuce, purple cabbage, tomatoes, and cilantro falling out.  . . - Everything is cooked to order, just in case you were wondering why your taco is taking 10 minutes. . . - FREE chips, salsa, and guacamole while you wait. They make their chips from flour tortillas though, but, it is free. . . - FREE fruits for dessert. Sometimes I've gotten oranges and other times watermelon.. . - Drink selection is pretty interesting. Jarritos, Voss water, typical sodas, lemonade, Starbucks frappuccinos, and I believe I saw a coconut juice drink. . . What it is not:. . - This is not a Kogi's. KoMex serves food more family like and Kogi's is more street and greasier.. . - No Korean only items. I'll live. . . - Fancy. It is not in the best of spots, or has nice decor, but it gets the job done. . . - Going to make your wallet or bank account cry.. . - Going to give you a reason to regret. . . yeaaaabuddy!
What do you get when your Korean BBQ makes sweet love to a burrito? KoMex Fusion Express. This place is 5 stars hands down. . . We were in the neighborhood and we've yet to experience the wonders of Korean-Mexican fusion so we stopped in. Our expectations were high and this place did not let us down. When we sat down, we were given chips with delicious guacamole and salsa. While the chips were made from flour tortillas, I preferred it because they were light and crispy. We asked for water and they gave us (free) Kirkland water bottles! YES! I am a water connoisseur and this place is handing out perfectly purified bottled water to accompany our meal. . . I ordered the bulgogi burrito while my husband had a  bulgogi and pork taco. When my burrito came out, my jaw dropped. You know how Chipotle isn't known for amazing food, but rather the size of their mediocre burritos? This place would blow Chipotle's baby burritos away, and it was only $4.50!!! The bulgogi was marinated deliciously and was accompanied by pico, rice, lettuce, and kimchi. Honestly, when I eat KBBQ, I usually don't even get bulgogi because I'd rather eat Galbi, but this bulgogi in my burrito was amazingly tender and flavorful. 5 star worthy right there.. . Then the super nice owner/waitress brings out the oranges that you'd get at a sushi joint with some fortune cookies and a lollipop for my daughter. Our total: $7.57. I am SO impressed with this place and will tell everybody I know to support them so that they can expand to somewhere closer to my house. Until then, I will happily make the drive.
Broke da mouth, OMG, amazingly delicious food. Can't wait to go back and I just had some a few hours ago. Fusion tacos for about $1 and fusion burritos for about $4, cheap and nice size portions, I don't remember the rest of the menu but your going to love this place.  Did the bulgogi fusion burrito, the first bite was so out there it was ridiculously good, never tasted anything like it ever, each bite got even better than the last until it was all gone. The owner, Linda I believe, hooked it up, with some pretty good egg rolls, with salsa and guacamole , tortilla chips, oranges for dessert nicely presented, and bottled water. The egg rolls aren't a regular item and need to be ordered in advance. Everything is made fresh so your food gets to you a little longer but well worth the wait. There's also a good selection of bottled juices and sodas. Love this place.
A friend of mine turned me on to this place when he said he went 3 times in one week. 3 times in a week ? ? ? This place, I have to try. . . I had 3 Fusion tacos (pork, chicken and beef) ala carte. I ordered 2 with a lettuce wrap and one with corn tortillas. And at $1.25 apiece that was a bonus. I really liked all 3 of them and the combination (fusion) of Korean with Mexican was awesome. Korean flavored beef tacos with cilantro and Korean Hoisin type hot sauce was just over the top. My wife had the Bulgogi Fusion Burrito (and it was enough to feed 3 of us). My boy had the Boneless Kalbi plate, and my girl had the taquito plate. . . So not only can you order good Fusion food but they have a pretty good selection of Mexican food and Asian food also. . . I'm going to try the Mexican Chow Mein next time. That one sounds interesting. . . A place has gotta be good when I have to drive out of my comfy confines of Summerlin to try a place in a questionable area of town. Decor is urban (looks like a converted laundromat) but who cares! The food is definitely worth the trip and I'll be back.
This is a review of the UYE: Steppin' Out Northwest-KoMex Fusion Feast. Twelve Yelpers arranged around one large and one small booth enjoyed superior Korean-Mexican fusion cuisine. The seating was comfortable, the companionship convivial, and the food fresh, delicious, and somewhat unique. Most diners ordered various varieties of fusion tacos and burritos. Although the contents of tacos could have been ordered to be wrapped in either lettuce or corn tortillas, pretty much everyone opted for tortillas. I ordered one Bulgogi Burrito and a single BulgogiTaco, figuring that I could always order more if still hungry after consuming the initial foodstuffs. Because the restaurant proprietors were kind enough to supply all hungry Yelpers with generous portions of complimentary Guacamole Dip and thick and tasty corn Tortilla Chips as well as large Vegetable Egg Rolls with a spicy and fruity Sweet & Sour Sauce, I was well satisfied after downing my burrito and taco. So, no refills of food were needed. . . The Guacamole Dip was smooth and tasty. Besides the avocado there were onions, cilantro, and pieces of red tomato. The very crunchy Tortilla Chips were slightly orange in color and obviously homemade. The Vegetable Egg Roll was soft to the touch, filled with assorted fresh vegetables, and crunchy upon contact with the teeth. Although pretty tame itself, when dipped in the Sweet & Sour Sauce, the contrasts of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors made the taste buds dance. . . My Bulgogi Taco chiefly consisted of marinated and lean shredded beef and cabbage resting upon two corn tortillas which, enhanced with a choice of Korean Hot Sauce, Mexican Hot Sauce, or KoMex Fusion Hot Sauce, were easily foldable to bring the whole tasty package to the mouth. The marinade--a shade lower in intensity than Teriyaki Sauce--added a nice saucy flavor to the mix. . . The quite large Bulgogi Burrito featured a warm and soft flour tortilla encasing generous amounts of nicely marinated shredded beef and vegetation, primarily cabbage. It, too, was delicious upon contact, and taken up a notch by a few drops of hot sauce. I experimented with all three fresh hot sauce offerings (they were not presented in bottles), and found the Mexican Hot Sauce to be hottest and the KoMex fusion Hot Sauce to be the mildest. Of the three, I ultimately preferred the latter. . . At one point I did feel sorry for some of my table-mates, because the kitchen took so much care cooking our orders obviously from scratch that they dribbled out one by one, and a few Yelpers did not receive their food until after most of us had already finished eating. Misti Y. gave the go-ahead for us to begin eating as soon as hot food arrived, with the admonition that if the food is cold proper Yelp etiquette is to wait for others' orders to arrive but if hot it is appropriate to begin eating right away. Thank goodness for that sage advice, or there would have been some ice cold food on the tables! . . The setting of the restaurant is unassuming, like that of a typical fast-food establishment. But who cares? It is a very comfortable environment in which to enjoy first-rate fusion tacos and burritos that are decidedly not fast food. Orders here are carefully prepared and individually assembled, yielding unquestionably five-star-quality casual cuisine. I tasted not a bit of fat mixed in with the tender, flavorful meat. I must return soon to sample other diverse Chinese, Korean, Mexican, and fusion offerings listed in the expansive menu. . . Many thanks go to KoMex Fusion Express for being so hospitable; to Nelson Q for arranging and hosting this fusion feast; and to Misti for the classy Yelp playing cards which I absent-mindedly left on a table later in the day at The Original Pancake House at Aliante Casino. I had to race back to retrieve the cards just before the restaurant closed, and then was detoured and got lost for a time finding my way home after the NHP closed off both eastbound entrances to the 215 in the vicinity of the casino following a collision between a motorcycle and a car. Consequently, I will really treasure those cards now, and they will never be permitted to leave the house!
Great prices, great service, food fixed when you order it. Love this place!
Went there for the first time this Saturday.. Went back again last night.. . What can I say.....this place is good.  DAMN GOOD.. . On the first trip, I had the Bulgogi Burrito and a Pork Fusion Taco.. It was love at first bite.. Every single bite was savored from beginning to end.. . On the second trip, I had the Pork Burrito and a Chicken Fusion Taco.. I thought that I would be over the taste already, but I lied to myself.  I was still able to savor every single bite.. . The food portions were huge and super cheap.. We were also served chips, guac, and salsa while we waited for our food.. . I live in Henderson and this place is near Downtown Vegas.  It's kind of far from me but well worth the drive.. . I plan on becoming a regular patron of this establishment, as well as telling everyone I know to support this business.. . . 5 well deserved stars!  Keep up the good work!
We traveled to KoMex from the southwest side due to all the great Yelp reviews of this place.  I really love the infamous Kogi taco truck in L.A. and have tried to replicate the Korean fusion tacos at home to no avail.  Once we heard about this place, I knew we had to go immediately.. . This mom and pop shop has modest decor, but is still comfortable.  A lot of that has to do with the wonderful service from the owners... I didn't catch her name, but one of the owners was so nice and honest!  Since it was our first visit there, we were going to order too much food - and she told us that it might be too much for us since their portions are big.  I really liked the sincerity - you would never find that anywhere else!. . Anyway, we ordered a bunch of the bulgogi tacos and also the Korean style pork with rice.  This was more than enough food for two people.  The tacos were DELICIOUS and dare I say better than the Kogi truck.  The pork was awesome.  Period.  I'd eat that same meal over again anytime!  I also have to mention the complimentary chips and salsa (and guac!) for dine in.  Its tasty and free, can't go wrong!. . I mentioned to the owner how much I love Chop Chae (this Korean noodle dish)... and although they didn't have it on their menu, she said that they could special cook it for us if we let her know in advance.  How nice!. . Their menu is huge and includes the Korean fusion Mexican, regular Mexican, and Chinese dishes.  Their prices are outstanding... actually unbelievable in my opinion for the quality and taste of the food you get.  I think we ended up paying 12 bucks for the rice dish and 5 tacos.  12 . bucks?!  Nice.. . We are definitely going to make this a regular spot.  Looking forward to trying everything on their menu!
I usually don't do yelp reviews but this new husband & wife business deserves a great review. . . There's been a lot of comparison to the LA Kogi tacos so I had to try this new spot out... it looks like just another ma&pa place from the outside. We were greeted by the wife. She served us complimentary chips & salsa. By other reviews, we already knew what we wanted to order: bulgogi burrito and bulgogi & daejigogi tacos. Nowadays, everyone knows how the value of a dollar is slowly going down. And that is why the food was incredibly cheap!! $5 for the burrito and $1.29 for a taco!! WOW... we definitely got our money's worth! Quality of the food was great! the meat was marinated very well and tender. And they also give you the option of the kimchi on the side (as it maybe overbearing for others) or in the food itself. The portion of the food was huge but I still managed to eat it all!! yea.. it was that delicious!! Later, the husband served us complimentary pork skewers! OMG! More tasty food and free?? Don't mind if I do. And when they presented our check, they gave more complimentary food: peeled & sliced oranges. The total for 2 people was only $17.. included 2 sodas, 2 huge burritos and 4 tacos. Seriously, we probably ate $30 worth of food!. . We usually don't meet a lot of restaurant owners. The wife, Linda, was very nice and personable. She told us the history on how they opened up the place and asked where we were from.  And, by the time we left, she greeted us by our first names. . . I am definitely returning back this week!! they've got us locked in!
I assume that if you're reading this, you're debating whether or not to come here. Stop reading and drive to KoMex right now. It's that awesome.. . First, I'd just like to say that the idea of Korean and Mexican fusion seemed strange to me. But then I came here and learned the error of my ways. The food is great. Hands down. I had beef tacos and chicken tacos, which were amazing. The sauce/dressing on the tacos? Amazing. The hot sauce they gave me? Also amazing. And really well-prepared, too. These tacos were not skimpy! I also ordered the chicken teriyaki for my brother, and he loved it. For $4.99, you get a lot of food in that plate. It's really stacked, and is probably large enough that you might have some left over for later. I also ordered an order of regular fries and seasoned fries. Both were amazing, though they waited to be consumed at a later time as the tacos and teri were more than enough. Also, the nice (and cute!) girl working the front counter brought me chips and salsa while I waited for my food, which was anunexpected plus. It was great. . . All in all, I love this place. The food was great, the prices were fair, and the amount of food was awesome. You cannot beat that combination! No way!. . Not only will I return to KoMex, but you can bet I'll be bringing people, too!
Sooooooooooooooooo damn good!  I had the fusion bulgogi tacos in lettuce wrap, carne asada tacos, and kim chi fried rice w/ spam.  Yes! I ate all that.  The salsas were yummy too!  I will most certainly be returning!  My only head up is if you can, is that food is made to order, so some entrees take a little longer.  *cough Kim chi fried rice
The food is amazing!!! The staff is wonderful!!!!
For the price (or for a price that is twice as much as the prices in this place) you WILL NOT find better food...anywhere.  I bought $20 worth of food from here for me and my wife and I'm pretty sure I will be subsisting off of it for the next 3 days (I have gargantuan appetite).  My first reaction when I saw this place on Yelp was (1) what a crappy part of town; and (2) NO REALLY what a crappy part of town this can't possibly be that good.  I was wrong.  Even when you first walk into the restaurant the building and decorations look like some budget Chinese place that chops up cats in the back alley.  In reality this hands down the best Korean Tacos in town and some of the best food period I've had in Vegas.  If you have $5 and are REALLY hungry go here, because you will get a pile of some of the best food around.
I am with everyone on this. What this place lacks in nice atmosphere (it is a little dive cafe with a few booths & a couple of tables) they make up for in great food & cheap prices. . I came during lunch &had the Korean beef (bulgogi) burrito & it was large, to start, but full of flavor. For a burrito that size, it was more than worth the 4.99 price. They also included chips, salsa, & guacamole at no additional charge! . Your drink options are from the fridge so no refill on fountain but not missed. I would definitely come back again & again to try the other menu items.
I was a little leery trying this place - the former tenant, El Burrito, was one of Papa D and my favorite lunch haunts. We also happen to live in the hood, (or should I say barrio?) so I figured sooner or later we'd drop in to check it out.. . I'm sooo glad we tried this place - def my new favorite place for yummy yet cheap food! I ordered two dak-gogi (chicken) fusion tacos ($1.29 ea) and Papa D ordered three fusion tacos, one of each: bul-gogi (beef) dak-gogi (chicken) and daeji-gogi (pork). Throw in a mexican coke ( ahhhh the sweetness!) and our total bill was just a lil over $9.00. Three salsas were brought to the table: one Chinese, one Korean and one Mexican. . . Did I mention they threw a basket of chips & salsa on the table? Oh and let's not forget the orange and fortune cookie afterwards, and we were happily satisfied. All this for less than $10!!!
August 12, 2011. . This is fusion food to the max!. . Pros:.   +  awesome combination of multiple ethnic cusines.   +  friendly service.   +  complimentary chips , dip + homemade guacamole.   +  good prices. . Cons:.   -  no refills.  -  parking plaza is tight... making parking a pain.. . Overall:.   A must try for those who want to try something different. .   Bulgogi Burrito... like seriously !!!!  It's pretty intense on the tongue.  They even bring you sauces where you can choose to top off your food with a mexican style or korean style sauce.  There's a third sauce, but I forget what it was ha.  I came here with my girlfriend and we ended up ordering the Bulgogi Burrito, fish tacos, a couple drinks, and chow mein to go (for lunch at work).  Everything I ordered was really good.  The burrito was huge and exploding with flavor.  If you like Korean and Mexican food, this is the perfect place for you.  Aside from blending Korean and Mexican, they managed to squeeze other cultures into the mix.  They've got Chow Mein, Burgers, Boba, and Chicken Wings on the menu as well.  Unfortunately, there are no free refills, but no biggie.  The fish tacos looked amazing.  You can see the quality  in the chunks of fish that was in the taco.  It was a bit too salty for my taste, but really good nonetheless.  The complimentary chips / guac/ salsa was a nice touch.  The chips were a bit soft (it would have been perfect if they cooked it a minute longer), but were very satisfying.  When lunch time came around, I opened my to-go container only to find a over-flowing heap of chow mein waiting for.  It wasn't my favorite item from what we had ordered, but there quantity was very generous (it wasn't bad, but no match for the Bulgogi Burrito).  . . Tips: . *  when headed north on Decatur (from 95), it's on your left side across the street from the Ford Dealership in a plaza.  I mention this because I drove right past it the first time.. . *  Try the Bulgogi Burrito or taco for sure.  I didn't try the taco personally, but I'm assuming it's just as good as the burrito.. . * Order the chips well done and it'll be perfect!. . *  Come hungry... the portions are generous for the price.
This is probably some of the best fusion food i have ever had.. . I will start by saying that i was skeptical at first about Korean and Mexican cuisine mingling together in one dish. It just seemed like an if-y kind of idea to me; but after my first bite into a chicken fusion burrito my mind was completely made up and my taste buds were in awe.. . The chips are made by order so they are nice and fresh when they get to your table. (ASK FOR THE GUACAMOLE! IT'S INCREDIBLE). I have enjoyed the spam mousabi, chicken fusion burrito, the chicken fusion tacos (my boyfriend and his friend absolutely love the fish and shrimp tacos)..  I am a complete fan of any fusion item on the menu. . BUT..... . I am not a fan of the Mexican burrito and the carne asada fries aren't that good either.. BUT DON'T LET THAT STOP YOU!. . the food is truly amazing as well as the owners and the people that work in there. the food is beyond reasonably priced and there is no reason why you shouldn't go there RIGHT NOW!. go go go!
I can't say anything different about this gem.  Most of the reviews for KoMex are 5* for a reason.  It's a great little mom-and-pop place for well-executed fusion comfort food.  It's NOT a fine dining establishment!  Upon entering, I thought that it was like walking into one of my childhood friend's kitchens (and yes, an Asian childhood friend!).  Decor is on the spartan side (minimalist?) but everything else -- staff, food, etc. -- is full of personality.  We were greeted warmly and given menus right away.  Our tacos and burrito were fabulous, full of warm marinated bulgogi and fresh veggies.  The sauces were wonderful.  The FREE chips and guac/salsa were great and a total surprise.  We got a cheery "thank you and have a good night!" upon leaving.  So cute.. . We'll be back.  We live in the NW part of town, so that's sayin' something.
This place is great !! The food is excellent  and their prices are good. I had the shrimp tacos , the korean taco (beef) and the mexican sope (carnitas).  A must try is their chinese style spicy salsa !  I wanted to take some home it was so good !  Will definitely be coming back !
These $1.29 tacos of love are a must try.  They have a variety of options such as asada bulgogi and pastor(pork).  I tried the bulgogi and pastor which both were devoured within 2 min.  We also ordered the wings and fries and trust me, they dont not give you those skimpy little buffalo wild wings or wingstop peices of crap.  These wings here aren't massive but the perfect size and fried to sexellent perfection.  I don't know why but something about good chicken wings always turns me on kekeke. . CUSTOMER SERVICE IS GREAT HERE. BEST SERVICE EVERRRR
My overall experience at this restaurant was fantastic. I had the Bulgogi Burrito and it was phenomenal. Great tasting, fresh ingredients. The customer service was above-and-beyond what I have experienced from other restaurants. Very attentive and friendly. . . Also, the staff mentioned the possibility of another satellite location opening on the south end of town. Yes!
Delicious!. . Finally had the opportunity to try KoMex. The reviews are correct: the food is awesome. I think this a great lunch place. The location is not in a very good part of town, which probably explains why KoMex is only open until 8pm.. . It really is a hole-in-the-wall spot. Definitely order the FUSION burrito. I personally like the daeji-kogi (daeji= pig) with the kimchi also inside the burrito. Everything is fresh and the free chips/guac/sauce they give you are a perfect precursor to the giant burritos.. . For two people to leave completely stuffed our total bill was $10 and change! We ended up leaving them $16 just because we felt guilty that it was so cheap.. . Definitely try KoMex! :)
Added 9/7/11; We went again last friday and the glass is clean and the trash picked up! So definately 5 stars from me. Also, when the wife found out that I went with 4 stars she threatened to leave me, " You leave the toilet looking the way you do and you give them 4 stars for smudged windows and some weeds?" I stand corrected.. . Okay, right off the top I want it to be known that as far as the food is concerned, 5 stars would not be enough. But...... I have to knock off a star for the look of the joint. You gotta invest in some glass cleaner! Also, you guys gotta get on the property management to clean that strip mall up a bit; pull some weeds, pick up some trash.. . Back to the food........Incredible! 5 stars all the way. I had the bulgogi burrito w/ kimchi and an order of musubi. My wife had two fusion tacos, one beef one chicken. Burritos have been one of my favorite foods for a long time and this place has just added the exclamation point! Sweet, spicy, rich, moist with just the right amount of beans and rice. HEAVEN IN YOUR HAND!  . . The musubi were large and the spam was perfectly grilled. Mmmmmm spam........ the other, other white meat.  . . My wife got the tacos on the lettuce wrap thingies, which she enjoyed a ton. Next time I'll get a couple on regular tortillas. I can't wait.  Price wise, everything was cheap cheap cheap. That may be due to the location and the aforementioned property management deficiencies. I guess if a trade needs to be made for such cheap yet delicious food, I can put up with the streaky windows, the dead weeds in the planters and the "American Beauty" trash tornado swirling around outside the door.  . . Thanks Komex, we'll be back again and again.  Oh yeah, services was great! As were the chips and salsa. Nice touch with the orange and fortune cookies at the end.
I was skeptical.  The service was admittedly slow and kinda... disinterested.  But the food was soooo good.  The price is right as well.  Wish they had one near me.  Or maybe it's a good thing they don't.
Another local gem. It may not look like much from the outside -- a small shop in a rundown old stripmall off of Decatur -- but inside you'll find some of the best fusion tacos and other great food at a modest price.. . This place is all about the food. Both Korean-Mexican fusion tacos ($1.29 ea.) I tried were amazing. The pork and beef in each was a wonderful blend of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors. The tacos were generously topped with their respective protein, along with cabbage, tomatoes, and cilantro.. . The pastor sope ($2.59) was a sizable portion of pork over beans and a light, crispy corn base and topped with lettuce and cotija cheese. The pork was excellent, without being too spicy.. . The hand-made pork wontons ($1) came four to an order. All were crispy and delicious -- as good as any fried wontons around.. . The bulgogi fusion burrito ($4.99) is big and delicious. It's stuffed with the same delicious beef as the tacos, along with Mexican rice, onions, pico de gallo, cilantro, and lettuce. There's no doubt this is the best burrito I've had.. . The weakest dish I've had was the orange chicken ($3.49 for a half order). While the quality of the chicken was great, it lacked the punch in flavor that the other food had.. . On my first visit I was given chips and fresh guacamole after ordering. On my second visit no chips -- they were busy so maybe they just forgot. And to finish the meal they deliver orange slices and fortune cookies. Everything may seem like an odd combination, but it all works because it's all delicious.
I am a California resident. I just happen to be in Vegas for the weekend. I yelped this place on my android phone since i was staying at the Palms on Las Vegas Blvd. I was surprised by the 5 star rating on this mexican and korean fusion restaurant.. . The people were friendly and helpful.. . The Bulgogi Burrito is my favorite and its only about 6 bucks. Its by far the best fusion korean and mexican burrito i've ever tasted. I've had them all in LA but nothing compares to this one...!!!
On another treasure hunt and I found GOLD in KoMex! The concept is awesome...Korean infused meats / seasonings in Mexican based dishes like tacos ext. AWESOME!. . First of all, the food is amazing and the prices are ridiculous. We fed 4 of us to our max for under $20 dollars. WHAT!. . When you walk in to this non-assuming restaurant you are quickly greeted by the staff. This is a family owned place and you can tell they really appreciate your business...which I LOVE. We were given the yummiest free chips and salsa and GUACAMOLE! Yeah, I said it...complimentary GUACAMOLE. Who does that?? It was awesome. I almost cried I was so happy.. . We tried everything...LOL..Ok, well we had one of each of the fusion tacos (only $1.29 each - very good investment, return is amazing!) We also shared a burrito that was the size of my face...and I have a big head. It was sooo good. They also finish your meal with a complimentary orange already pre-sliced....Love that too.. . The only downer now is that every time I go to a Mexican place I am looking for the Korean meats. I am forever ruined.. . Price plus great food and great service earns this place in my top eats. I see Mo-Mex in Ko-Mex in my future. (translation - I will be eating here again)
We were in Las Vegas for a mini-vacation and took a chance at KoMex. It was WONDERFUL...inexpensive and the service was WONDERFUL. My husband loved the carne asada. The beans are great and the guacamole is amazing. This will definitely be a place we will continue to visit whenever we're in town!
Seriously - run, don't walk, to get some insanely good fusion tacos at KoMex!. . Don't be scared of the hood it's in, or the strip mall location, and don't be put off by the lack of decor or a/c - just go in, grab a seat, and get ready for insane flavor delerium!. . Worth it for the free freshly made guacamole & freshly fried chips alone (dude - I wanted a vat of that guac to take with me), but it gets so much better!. . I had four of the best freakin' tacos I've ever had for $5. FIVE BUCKS! Completely worth it, totally delicious, and super, super fresh & tasty. These people know exactly what they're doing.. . PS - you HAVE to get the in-house made hot sauce for the table, too - you will not be sorry!
How does this place stay in business - seriously?!. . I went with a party of 3 and we shared 9.......i repeat......NINE tacos and a chicken chow fun for less than what you woud pay for fast food.  With tax, less than 15 bucks.  INSANE value!. . We ordered 3 of the bulgogi (beef), dakgogi (chicken), and daejigogi (pork) tacos.  The beef was by far the best but they were all very tasty.  Be sure to dip in the Mexican, Korean, and Chinese hot sauces.  . . The chicken chow fun is not the flat rice noodle but reminds me more of lo-mein but with much more texture.  It had the perfect bite and if there were a food competition, I would tear that sh1z up!. . This place is awesome - they serve you bottled water (Fo Free), chips and salsa and guac , and bring out fresh oranges, and fortune cookies all for free.  I've had better chips but with all the freebies, quality of the food, and service I can't really complain.. . The service was impeccable as the owner stopped by to ask about out experience.. . This isn't Kogi but it's pretty damm good and you won't have to drive to LA and fight the traffic.  This place does well because it serves crack addictive food for a fraction of the price while delivering great service.  This place will thrive on their loyal customer.  Definitely check them out!. . ****SPOILER ALERT *****. . if you haven't heard, they are exploring expansion in the SW....will be by Blue Diamond/  Fort Apache.   She also mentioned maybe another location so be on the look out.
Wow!!!. Yelpers are right! This place is good.. . We flew into Vegas from Atl and this place is quite close to the airport, about a 15 minute drive.. . And the food is so good!. We had the fusion tacos in all three flavors.. My dad liked the Korean hot sauce cuz it's sweet.. But I liked the Chinese hot sauce, so many layers of flavor.. . The hostess was very sweet and amiable and the owner came out to talk to us and tell us about how Komex came to be and how they've been growing in large part thanks to Yelp.
We found this place by doing a Yelp search for 5 stars and $.  Wow. This place is THE place to go if you're in the Vegas area. Super yum.  We had the fusion tacos and they were insanely yummy.  The guac and chips were fantastic as well as the house made hot sauce.  The service was great too.  Love it.  Will be back when we visit Vegas again. Oh, and we loved the little sliced orange at the end!
We ate like Kings (or Pigs?) in Vegas and this was probably one of, if not THE favorite of the weekend.  And it was the absolute cheapest - score!. . Its a tiny sit-down restaurant and for lunch they have a full menu, combined with a quick menu. We ordered chicken and beef tacos with kimchee and a beef burrito (they were out of pork the day we were there).. . After we ordered, they delivered complimentary homemade chips, salsa, and guacamole to the table.  Their 'tap' water is individual bottled water and we got a can of soda (living it up - since we stopped drinking soda almost 2 years ago).  . . The tacos were very good - the beef being a bit better than the chicken. I really wish we could have tried the pork.  The burrito was huge and had tons of mexican rice, lettuce, and maybe even cheese. We filled up our burritos/tacos with some of the spicy sauces they brought to our table.. . When we got our bill, we nearly fell over - it was just under $11.  We nearly died - so cheap for so much good food!
I had a bul-gogi burrito with a chicken fusion taco. Everything was amazing. The thinly sliced beef was absolutely delicious. Loved the chicken on the fresh corn tortillas. i was also served complimentary chips and salsa and guac, which was awesome and unexpected. I all this... plus a bottle of water for 6.48. Unreal. Go here. You will not be disappointed.
Amazing!! Had the pork fusion burrito which is huge and fusion beef taco, chips n salsa, the wife had two tacos and a sope, and 2 bottled beverages for under 18 bucks. The value is just part of it, the flavor is outta this world.
I am convinced that they put crack in the tacos along with the rest of the food. This place is the Bomb! Its a small Mom-Pop style of operation so the service can be slower depending on the crowd size but it is worth the wait. The price is right plus they give out free chips and guac while you wait. Try the kimchee fried rice with spam and you won't be disappointed. The attention to service is top notch even though the Korean lady is running circles trying to get everything out. Great combination serving Korean-Mex tacos. Who would have thought this pairing is outstanding?. . I'll be back, unless I go to treatment...Haaa
Yet another 5 star review. Its in a little bit of a rougher area, but not that terrible. The food is AMAZING!!!! Portions large enough to share.  The prices are almost criminal!!! It is insanely cheap. And when u order water, they give u bottled water, no charge. You also get free chips with salsa and guac. The owners are so sweet! We actually ended up bragging about  komex to some friends who are locals. They promised to go, as should you!
this is a MUST go to when I go back to vegas with a rental car.. . 1) place is a hole in the wall. 2) the (korean) young woman was so nice. just like someone you could introduce to your buddy to hook up with nice..... 3) the bulgogi burrito is huge. I split it with my women. yeah I know.. i'm fat enough. 4) they busted out with free chips, salsa, and guaco dip.. .  say whaaaa. . then came out the asian sliced orange all from a hole in the wall.. . They didn't have the spicy pork my wife wanted but they had a 4 taco for $5 i think... will for sure come back out there.
After reading all the great reviews about this place, we had to come here with our rental car on our Vegas trip... and I'm so glad we did!. . I got the daeji-gogi (bulgogi-style pork) burrito with kimchi, and boyfriend got the same but with classic bulgogi. We also shared some fried beef and pork-stuffed wontons (4 small ones for $1!) and complimentary chips, salsa, and guacamole.. . I preferred the beef, but both burritos were OUT OF THIS WORLD and we were only able to finish about half each. (We happily saved them in foil and had them as a pre-airport snack later that afternoon.) The service was super friendly, personal, and fast. It had a very family-owned feel, and the menu noted the favorite dishes of their most frequent regulars. I so wish we had something like this in my hometown!
Awesome food at even more amazing prices.. I was in vegas and had searched some of the good places to try and Komex came up. I took my parents and we drove over. . We each ordered a bulgogi burrito. we also tried a pork taco and a bulgogi taco. I have had korean fusion before, but this was even better. The food does take a while to come out, but its worth the wait. . Oh and while you are waiting for your food-they serve homemade chips  with guac and salsa- delish! . . totally worth the drive from the strip. total meal for 4 of us was under $30 wtih tax-- yay! . oh and they serve bottled water instead of tap as part of your meal- so nice!. Love you Komex
We didn't know where to eat in Vegas (I know there are so many places to eat), and my brother-in-law suggested this place. A little drive from the strip but WOW was it worth it.. . We started off with the wonton style tortilla chips. These aren't your normal tortilla chips, but they come with salsa and guacamole. Our party ordered bulgogi burritos, bulgogi tacos and chicken chow fun. All were amazing. The bulgogi burritos are a MUST! The bulgogi is cooked well and is complemented nicely with the sweet and hot sauce. Kristina ordered the bulgogi tacos and they were better than any bulgogi tacos that we've had. Make sure to try the bulgogi if you go. You won't regret it.. . The biggest plus of this place is the PRICE! For 4 plates our dinner was under $30!!!!! Yeah, $30 big ones and we were all stuffed after. Totally worth the drive from the strip but be forewarned, this place is small. The staff is extremely friendly and kept checking up on us throughout our meal. 5 stars all around!
Yummy, yummy, yummy I got bulgogi in my tummy!. . This place is all aces!  Yeah, yeah it looks like a lil' hole in the wall...but the flavor's all good here!  No fancy decor or gimmicky tricks, just some delicious Korean and Mexican fusion eats!  Who knew it would work out so well?!. . Brit and her Mom are super nice folks and great hosts.  Whenever we eat there we get treated with chips with house salsa and sometimes free guacamole too!  Good way to get the appetite going, cause it's a bit of a roller coaster.  Taking a trip to flavor town!. . I always, always get a fusion burrito here...consider it one of Komex's signature items.  My fav is the fusion bulgogi  burrito ($4.99) loaded with everything.  Marinated beef, Mexican rice, green and brown onions, fresh pico, cilantro, lettuce, their Asian sauce, and kim chee!  Yes, I loves mine with kim chee!  Oh nom nom nom!  I can eat this bad boy up, lots of popping flavors...the sweet, the salty, the cool, the hot...it's all on point for me.  I love it even more with the house made pico mixed with the Korean hot sauce!  Spicy!  I really should only be eating half this burrito at a sitting, but I usually can't help myself and end up finishing the whole thing.  Hi, my name is Chris...and yes, I am an oinker.. . Komex's fusion tacos ($1.29) are great as well.  You can choose from bulgogi (beef), dakgogi (chicken), or daejigogi (pork).  All are great in my opinion.  How do I know?  I tried each of them!  Three of these tacos with an ice cold Corona or San Miguel and you are set.  Good eats!. . Komex also does Mexican food and Asian food as well, and they do it great.  Burritos, tacos, carne asada, enchiladas, taquitos, quesadillas, tortas, just about everything at your local carniceria.  And don't forget the Asian food!  Beef and Broccoli, chow fun (another one of my favs...so oily good!),  Mongolian Beef, orange chicken, kim chee fried rice, egg foo young, stir fry, so many choices!  They even do chicken wings, burgers, and sliders!  And can you believe it...nothing on the menu is over $8!  Fantastical!  Eatin' wealthy on the cheap!  That's what I'm talkin' about...Willis.. . If you don't see something on the menu at Komex that's Asian or Mexican, just ask!  They will usually whip up something for you that will fit the bill.  Now that's customer service!  . . The owners of Komex will keep you happy, keep you full, and keep you coming back for more.  The food there is great for the small amount of scratch you gotta give up.  Totally worth all those pennies you save up.  Take your taste buds over there soon, you will be pleasantly surprised!
WOW!!! I ABSOLUTLEY LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I have to admit when i saw the way it looked i was skeptical but man when they say don't judge a book by its cover this is defiintely on e of those places! AMAZING! The food was just awesome i had the fusion burrito that was gigantic for the price! It took me 3 sittings to finish that burrito! My husband had Bugogi and wow he was ready for seconds and even thirds the next day! i am so glad that it is close enough to if he wants Korean and i want Mexican all we have to do is go to KoMex!
Love love love this place...best tacos I've ever had. I had the bulgogi tacos.The kimchi makes the tacos taste out of this world. We also had the chow fun...yummy. Free chips/Guacamole and bottled water. And it's super super cheap. Can feed a family for 20...can't even do fast food for that price. The staff is nice.. can't wait for them to open another store.
I'll give this place A+++++
Went here last night for another KoMex fix and ordered the bulgogi (beef) and pulled pork sliders.  Holy cow, the sliders were fabulous!  The bulgogi was also wonderful and when paired with some kimchi = :) to the nth power.  . . Go.  And leave a big ol' tip because even with a big ol' tip, you'll still marvel at the ridiculously cheap cheque.  Last night's dinner: free chips and guac/salsa, free bottled water, bulgogi beef plate, 3 pulled pork sliders, a side of (free) kimchi, free orange slices and fortune cookies = $12.95.  Sick.  We gave them a 50% tip and it STILL came well under $20.
After reading some of the reviews, I had to try it! I haven't had too many 'fusion' type meals and so what better place to have it then somewhere Yelpers are constantly raving about!!. . After a couple U-Turns, finally spotted the place.. I would of never noticed this place, probably even if I passed by everyday... . Came with chips, salsa and a guacamole dip: Chips were extra crispy/thick and kinda sweet. Salsa was ok and guac tasted pretty fresh.. . Bul-Gogi (beef) taco: The beef tender, juicy and lots of flavor! Topped with Cabbage, tomato, cilantro, green onions.. Basically what you find in a typical mexican street taco.. All on a corn tortilla.  . . Daeji-Gogi (pork) taco: The pork, tasted even better than the beef! Wow, I never underestimate the magic of pork but I felt it was slightly tastier!! Same toppings and also on a corn tortilla. . * Both tacos were Excellent, they both had a slight distinct bitter bite to them probably from the cabbage and Both were Generously portioned (could probably split each one into 2 little ones by using 1 of the 2 corn tortillas per taco) Also, from the 3 hot sauce condiments (Chinese, Korean and Mexican), I prefered the Chinese hot sauce with either of the tacos (Warning - it definitely packed some heat!) I had Kimchi placed on the side and that was Delicious and another great addition to the tacos or even by itself.. . I was gonna order more tacos but I wanted to try something other than the obvious so  I went with:. . Pan Fried Fish: some type of white fish, filet on top of steamed white rice and "marinated soy sauce" This fish was sort of salty, smokey and just flaked right off. The sauce had that roasted sesame flavor and I believe was the key element of the dish. Poured the sauce all over the filet and every bite felt complete.. Great Strong Flavors and another Good Portioned dish. . Unsweetened Brewed Mango Passionfruit Decaffeinated Iced Tea: came with raw sugar and regular sugar packets. I prefer one regular sugar pack per full serving. Smooth and Refreshing! . . Orange: Another freebee, a half orange ornately sliced as a fancy looking little fruit dessert... . Service felt very comfortable, Value was very wallet friendly in terms of quality and quantity, Atmosphere don't expect much.. But Who Cares! Come here to get a Great Tasting Budget Meal!
I'm a good honest man. I don't cheat. I don't lie. And I certainly don't steal. But KoMex makes me upset for making me feel like a thief! I'm actually upset that this place charges so little for the amount of quality food they serve. At the end of every meal, I get this guilty feeling like is this check a mistake? I can't buy this much happiness for so little. . . This place puts cheap fast food to shame. Try to spend $10 here for lunch and finish all the food they serve and you will understand. That's just speaking volume. Now as for the quality, my god! I can't even get my grass fed organic meat to taste this great. . . The other reason for the 5 stars, the Wontons! Fried or boiled. Unbelievable! 4 for a dollar is absurd. Now this is the definition of bang for your buck. Nothing in the universe can taste this good, per bite per $0.25 period.
Wow!!!  What else can I say, the flavor and value of the food is unreal.  Careful during the lunch rush though.  It can get pretty packed in there.  It shows how good the food is.
AMAZING.....This is the word I have to use for this place. I love Korean BBQ and I was amazed to see that they came up with this fusion concept to have taco's with Korean BBQ. . . And the price was cherry on the top...
After reading the good reviews, my sister, kids & I decided to try this restaurant out. We were welcomed w/ a friendly greeting upon entering & seated right away. . . As everyone mentioned, the food was great & the portions were huge. The burritos were like whoa! Loved all the tacos. The chicken tacos were my favorite. Everything seemed so fresh from the chips to the salsa. I loved the flavors of all the sauces. My kids loved the chicken taquitos. . . One time, I ordered the kimchi fried rice w/ an egg & I had leftovers for days. It's freak'n huge! The service is excellent. They made sure our fresh chips fresh guac & fresh salsa was filled.. .  I appreciated the fact that they sell the cold glass bottled soda beverages that use pure cane sugar instead of the corn syrup crap out there. . . It's also nice that they have different kinds of food options. American, Mexican, Asian or Fusion. It's great because my oldest son isn't too fond of the Asian flavors but he likes Mexican & American & my youngest loves the Asian flavors. So w/ their menu being so versatile, really helped make the our decisions easier for the whole family. . . The whole meal was an amazing value for us. Great food, great service & unbeatable prices. What more can u ask for? I can't wait to go back & get some more of those delicious chicken tacos. In fact, I can't wait until they have a location closer to my side of town in the southwest.
Paid a visit to Las Vegas and searched for Mexican food and this place was in the results. Then I filtered by rating and this place went to the top. Wow, lots of 5 star ratings so I just HAD to go down and see if the food was REALLY that good or did they just have 88 friends that put down great reviews for them. Well the answer is, the food is REALLY that good and now they have a NEW friend  (89th) to put down a great review for them. I don't think I can add anything to the reviews that hasn't already been said regarding how GREAT the food is so I wont bother to reiterate. But I will say this....I DON'T KNOW how these people make any money! The FOOD is SO good, and the portions are SO HUGE and the PRICES are SO CHEAP, I just could not compute how they do it. I even hinted  that the GIGANTIC 4.99 burrito that was STUFFED with tons of meat would cost at LEAST 8 or 9 dollars where I'm from. Hell a Chipotle burrito with sour cream and guacamole is around 8 bucks and the food here is MUCH more worth the money and MUCH more flavorful. I would go here over Chipotle any day! So, bottom line, go there, get full, enjoy the flavors, and you will be very very pleased that you did.
There is no better bang for your buck than Komex.  It is delicious and inexpensive.  It is the Korean fusion magic that they perform that makes it so amazing.  The wife and I have been many times and have never been dissatisfied.  To us, it is worth the over 10 mile drive.  The warmth of the owners/staff as well as the deliciousness of the food will keep us coming back again and again and again....
This is another bargain buy for the economically challenged.  For less than a value meal at the Jack in the Box that burnt down across the street, you can get a beef bulgolgi burrito, filled with beef, veggies, rice, etc, etc, etc and chips+salsa.  Seriously, I'm not a fat man, but I can pack away some comida.  You won't be disappointed.. . One thing that I loved was that the owners work the kitchen and are very nice and pleasant.  Some high school kid came in and asked to interview the owner for a research paper when I was there the other day.  The lady had no problems sitting down with the student to talk about the restaurant.  I thought that was really classy.. . All in all, this place boasts prices from the 1980's and enough food per serving to give anyone a lovely food baby.  I've made it a normal weekly eatery of mine.
We were three starving people driving into Las Vegas from LA and wanted something delicious to eat AWAY from The Strip. KoMex exceeded our expectations and I'm so happy we went!. . * I had two Fusion Tacos with Korean Beef and Kimchi. They were amazing and I could have had ten more.. * My boyfriend had one Fusion Taco, (Chicken) with kimchi on the side and an Enchilada plate and could NOT stop talking about them after the fact.. * Our friend had the orange chicken and loved it as well.. * We also had chips guacamole and Salsa.. . Our Total was :::: $17.31 Where can you eat all that delicious food at such a good price?! KOMEX is a gem and I hope everyone goes and tries their delicious food.
This restaurant is amazing! I've never had tacos wrapped in lettuce and let me tell you it was the best I ever had. This was such a refreshing dish lite and absolutely delicious! The service was awesome I can tell the owner and his wife really care. I would definitely come back here whenever I come to Vegas.
The owners, Linda and Sonny, are very nice. I have tried coming to this place so many times after work, but I always get there right around when they're closing. But closing time is also when you know whether the restaurant is legit or not because if the food is good at that hour, you know the chef cares and is not there hoping just to go home. Even when they're locking or have already locked their doors, they will open their doors for me.. . This is what I have experienced with Komex Fusion Express. The flags expressing "Chinese Food" by the sidewalk next to their driveway is a magnanimous understatement of their capabilities. Their offerings are much more, although I'm sure a crowd is drawn to Chinese and other Asian cuisines.. . If you haven't noticed yet, I only rate 4 or 5 star places, which is why I don't have too many reviews. Not too many things fall on my radar and I do not believe in ruining businesses. Now, to the food, which is what this is all about.. . This isn't fast food. Please do not be in a rush when coming here, although they do try to appease fast foodies with their own fried tortilla chips and in-house made salsa.. . Bulgogi Tacos: Small tortillas, which show they know the true size of tasty tacos, wrap around some awesome beef with pepper, salt, and some fresh cilantro with a wedge of lime to squeeze on the side. Kimchi should be requested. It's really delicious with the taco, and I'm not reminiscing about Kogi either. The price point is absolutely so low that you know they just want you to share the love of food with them and others.. . Won Ton Soup: Fresh thin won ton wrappers embrace tender beef in a broth that was made obviously with care and not monosodium glutamate. This pleased my palate in temperature, texture, and taste. A whole egg was swirled in like in egg drop soup. Freshness is worth waiting for.. . Fried Won Ton: The same delicious won ton, battered and deep fried. Frying anything tastes better, but frying something delicious tastes phenomenal.. . Bulgogi Fried Rice: I am an ultimate rice monger. I absolutely love rice. When I first saw the fried rice come out, the density of the brown color on the rice made me actually weary, but to my surprise, the rice must have been made with a sweet soy or a mushroom soy because it wasn't too salty, and the tastiness of the pepper, the eggs, the temperature and wok chi of the rice was a perfect blend, lending itself to be one of the best fried rices I have ever had in my 26 years of ricing.. . Sauces: Three sauces came out with the Bulgogi Fried Rice. There's a regular chili sauce, a Chinese chili sauce which has fresh cilantro, Sambal Oelek and some other peppers mixed in, and then there's the Mexican chili sauce, which I did not try, but I will be back for.
I made my way down here with my partner in crime.  Always when reviewing food you must have a partner in crime so, you can eat more food and therefore give a more accurate description of your opinion.. . If you go by yourself, you might not be comfortable eating alone and therefore can color your opinion and that would not be fair to the business or if you come with 6 people and they can't accommodate that can as well color your experience.  . . Two people or three tops is the magic number to come an accurate and fair opinion of a place.  . . The place was pretty ghetto.  I mean it wasn't even ghetto with a personality it was just straight up "hey, look an empty restaurant! let's open up right now."  . . But, I'm not reviewing a furniture store so, ignore it.  To the main course!. . I ordered their tacos with lettuce all of them (I'm on a no carb diet so, given up the bread and taken up lots of beans and meat). . My partner ordered the bulgolgi burrito. We got chips and salsa and guacamole for free.. . Damn, those chips are good! . . my tacos were huge and everything was fresh. no complaint from me. . . the bulgogi burrito was hhuuuuugggeee.  It's something you have to pick up two hands to eat with.  . . I tasted the burrito a bit and the tortilla was nicely crisped.  The rice tasted fresh and not overly salted.  The meat was tender and the veggies in it was nice and crunchy.. . Overall, for the price and food it was a great experience.  They deserve five stars for shaming other restaurants for charging heinous prices for mediocre food! . . personally, I'd like to see more of the flavor fusion inside of the food.. . the condiments has a spicy korean paste that would have tasted good if it was inside the buritto.  spicy and cheesy is a great combination.. . Or a lime alioli with cilantro bits would have been a nice sauce. Sesame oil is great and would have stood out really well with all the different foods.  . . I honestly thought I was eating really good mexican food and it being fusion place just wanted the fusion part to come out to play more.. . It's just a personal opinion and don't flame me for it.  I am still perfectly happy and plan on going back cause the waitress there is the best part.. . She is so nice and kind and talked with me for moment and explained how their business came about and asked me how everything was.. . Really cool people and on my next cheat day I might try their ghetto ramen.  (it comes with hot links! whoop! whoop!). I
Very good food. Very good service. Very good on the wallet. Eat here at least once a week.
I dont think i can put into words how much i enjoyed there food here! The bulgogi burrito w/kim chee was amazing. This place has such good prices and for the amount of food you receive you wont be disappointed but im sure youll be going back for more. The Korean musubi was another thing i was able to try and even that, such a simple dish but made with a twist, so ono! My co worker got the Mongolian beef stir fry with fried rice and the plate was also pretty huge and the taste was definitely a winner! Theres alot of free parking and its not hard to find. So next time your in the area definitely stop in at KoMex!!!
Dayamn! I love this place. The place was a little run down and there wasn't a lot of parking but damnit I didn't come here to stay over, I came here to eat! The lady that was taking my order was extremely nice and very attentive despite being the only one in the restaurant and having at least 6 other booths to deal with she was super amazing. As for the food, I had three tacos, chicken, beef, and pork, the kimchee fried rice (huge portion even for me) AND two spam and egg musubis. I know, I'm a fat kid but don't worry I burn it off in the mornings. The tacos were good, not memorable but still did the trick. The kimchee fried rice had spam in it and was so amazing, perfect amount of spiciness and small pieces of spam so you didn't get big chunks mixed in with your rice. If you're hungry order this, it could feed at least five people or two of me, either way it's a lot of rice. Also if you're sensitive to spiciness, then you should still order this but stop off at the store and grab some Tums. . . What I really gave this place extra points for is the spam musubi, wowsa this might be the best spam & egg musubi in the city so far. The rice and egg in the musubi tastes almost like a garlic-y fried rice and egg mixed in that grease and the seaweed holding it together doesn't fall apart after one bite. So perfect. Definitely a fan of this place but if you don't like spam and Korean food but only Mexican food you just might find this place as okay and then ask yourself why you went to a KoMex spot as opposed to just a Mex spot.
They ran out of stars here...just double clicked all of them - lol - the best food for a fair price. Even while on a diet..this is THE PLACE to eat some killer fusion!...and the waitress is super cute!!!
Great prices and great food!!! The meats are delicious and they have some creative ideas which made the food delicious and fun. The service was also excellent, our server (possibly the owner) was working hard tending to all of her tables and making sure everything was going good at our table, I was VERY impressed. Had a little trouble finding KoMex but its located in the small shopping center next to Winchells. Thanks KoMex, you have the key to sucess which is great food, great prices, and great service!
Thank God for my overly check-in happy, texts like a 14 year old (but in his 30's) friend. Without you and your 12,000,000,000,000 check-in's to every flipping place that you go to, we wouldn't have known about this place, this one was worth the Spam. Now, STOP IT!. . Not knowing what to expect, considering I've never really been in this particular part of town, we walked in, were greeted by the staff and we were seated right away. Feels like a Mom & Pop shop, love those! Fine dining is for the other word for CAT.. . I had a vegetarian taco in a wrapped in lettuce vs. the tortilla. And the hubs had a bunch of other things that I can't remember, let's just say, I wasn't as hungry as he was that night. My taco was UNbelievably flavorful. No, it's not Korean and it's Mexican, it's FUSION, so everyone expecting one or the other, wth is wrong with you? Look it up in the dictionary!  It's a freaking mixture of BOTH, some of you need to quit being angry and just enjoy the dang food because it's GOOD, stop lying.. . Staff was friendly. They were on top of drinks and checked up on us often. . . Haven't been back purely bc it's a bit too far from where we live, but we will be back, I think I'll have a craving soon...
Starts off you off with free unlimited chips that is served with guacamole and salsa.. Delicious! It is definitely worth the price of the tacos. I ordered the bulgogi, daegigogi, and the asada tacos. Definitely worth the price. Each taco was $1.29 and it was very delicious. After your meal they give you a half sliced orange as a dessert.   Their service was perfect, the food was excellent, and the price was incredibly low for what you get. I will definitely come back for more.
Finally made it out this way and brought my two brothers with me. . . This place is very laid back and the staff is friendly as well. All the items on the menu looked very good, I couldn't make up my mind with all the choices available! After about 10 minutes of hard thinking I ordered BBQ Pulled Pork Sliders and 2 beef tacos, 1 fusion the other Mexican. . . Before we received our food, we were served chips, salsa, and guacamole. This was the best guacamole I ever had, no joke! The salsa was very good as well, great start so far. . . The food arrived very quickly. First came my BBQ sliders. They come in 3's and consist of pulled BBQ pork with cole slaw on top between two toasted buns. The sliders were awesome. I ate them with ease and awaited my tacos. The tacos I ordered came with all the toppings and I even tried all the salsas provided with my Mexican beef taco. Once I found my favorite salsa, I used only that one for my fusion taco. Both were also very good, but I did like the fusion slightly better. Maybe it was the salsa I liked best??? . . The food my brothers order also looked very good. One ordered a beef fusion taco as well and the burrito. My other brother got an enchilada plate. I got a chance to try the burrito and enchiladas, both outstanding. . . I will definitely be back soon to try some items I didn't the first time around and more fusion tacos!
I can definitely see hubby and I coming here over and over again! We read all the great reviews on this place so that's why we decided to make the trip out here. Chips with salsa & guacamole was great! Their tacos were da bomb dot com :P Tried the bulgogi (beef) taco, Daeji-gogi (pork) taco, and pastor taco! All soooo yummy and cheap! Everyone should check this place out!!!
Good food.
I would give this place 5 stars without hesitation!!  Me and My T try to make it out here at least once a week, it's amazing.  . . Must haves:. Bulgogi tacos. Fried rice with Bulgogi. Wonton soup (My favorite). . The tacos are incredible.  The beef is so tender.  The portions are great.  The price is great.  I would honestly pay much more for the food, there are few places that I would make this statement.. . The fried rice is addictive, that's the only way I can describe it.  I seriously can't stop eating it.. . The soup is a must have.  Again, portion is big, a lot of people can share it.  Such a comfort food, wontons bursting with flavor.  You can even order 4 fried wontons for 1 dollar!  They are just as good.  . . By the way, a little disclaimer:  On the wall there is a newspaper clipping.  There are two handsome men featured in one of the articles!!
My kind of place to just go and chow!  Great food in an unpretentious atmosphere.  The Bulgogi burrito was incredible and the spam musubi 'Reggie' style is now a favorite breakfast meal.  I would definitely recommend the Bulgogi fried rice and spicy pork also.  So far been there 6 times and every meal has been seriously yummy.  . . So far everyone I've taken there has raved about the food.  Go, get stuffed and be happy!
I Rarely give  a place 5 stars!!!  . . I do have to mention that Ko-MEx is not new to me.  My daughters are Ko-Mex!!!  Seriously.  My daughters are Korean and Mexican mixed and they turned out to be Hawaiian looking!  I would have imagined if you fused Korean and Mexican food you would have wound up with Hawaiian food???  Yes - no... anyways.. . Reasons why this place is 5 stars;. . You cannot beat the price!  GEEZ.  I felt guilty!  I had 4 fusion tacos, fried wontons, chips and salsa, bottled water... $5.85!  . . The fusion tacos really are that good.  Korean style pork, chicken, beef in a taco!  The kimchee on top is optional at no charge!!  A perfect orchestra of grilled meat, fresh cabbage, tomatoes, onions, kimchee and I have to guess but a hint of sesame oil... . . The owner is running around waiting tables!. . This place makes me happy.  I wanted to take my shirt off and rub the taco all over my chest...  I wanted to jump up and throw a corn tortilla 2 tables down hitting Seabass in the back of the head!!! ... is anyone reading this???. . The place is in a bad location and quite frankly it is a dump - but the tacos were really that good!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let's cut to the chase.  . . Low prices + big portions + herb/spice ethnic FUSION = some good shizzel for rizzel!. . Gotta haves:  ALL the Fusion Taco varieties, Fusion Burritos, and fried wontons. . . Everything else is good too.
The fusion tacos were bomb and the service was awesome! I'll be back for sure.
Love this place... If your looking for something new gotta try the bulgogi tacos, fusion lettuce wraps and all the burritos are killer good!! I definitely recommend this place highly!! You won't be disappointed!
Im going to try to put this into words...because truly there are no words to describe the awesomeness of KoMex. . . First off, we showed up basically at closing and the owners let us dine in and were incredibly nice. This was exactly what I was looking for, a diamond in the rough. I love little joints that are tucked away that just blow your mind. This needs to be on Diners drive ins and dives. Guy would love this place! . . We ordered a bulgogi burrito and quesadilla and pork tacos. The burrito was honestly hands down the best burrito I have ever had...ever. Everything about it was great the meat was well marinated and full of flavor. Tacos were intoxicating and same goes for the quesadilla. We could taste the passion within every bite of every dish. Its easy to see that they have a lot of pride within their food. . . They are located in a little shopping center and could be easily missed if youre from out of town and dont have GPS. Inside is plain but decorated with newspaper and magazine articles notating KoMex's awesomeness. Honestly who cares about what this place looks like its all about the food here. . . I recommend KoMex to anyone and everyone. Its only about 15 mins from the strip and worth it. I would drive any distance to get to Komex. . . I want to thank the owner who I never got the name of for letting us eat right at closing. It was very nice meeting you and we enjoyed the conversation after our meal. PLEASE OPEN A KOMEX IN CALIFORNIA! If not we will be back soon! Any time im in vegas i am going to KoMex, new tradition.
I hesitated to give this place 5 stars because it's in the ghetto and the decor is... er... not great.. . But... that makes no difference because this place makes some of the most mind-boggling deliciousness at bargain prices. Yes. Korean BBQ and Mexican is one oof the most beautiful marriages in all of culinary history and this place makes the union shine. I nearly wept with happiness at the yumminess of each bite.. . There's not much else to say except that this place makes Mexican food (which was good to begin with) new, exciting, and even better than before. If you like Mexican, Korean, or just awesome noms at awesome prices, then you MUST make a pilgrimage.
On a whim I decided to try this place because yelp tagged it as vegetarian friendly. First of all, my GPS was unable to find this place, and kept making my destination somewhere on Yale St. which is in the super ghetto. Finally, I came to my senses and just read the address and decided it would be right off Decatur...which it is. So even though its located in the vicinity of the ghetto, its on the main drag so its easy to find.. . After using Yelp for a while, I find its most helpful in finding "Diamond in the rough" restaurants that you would never have gone to if it had not been for some random review that really got you excited about some random type of food. The best experiences ive had are at some hole in the wall places that have great service and great food. If this is the experience you are looking for, then KoMex is certainly up your alley.. . For a while, i've actually wanted to go to China Poblano (Asian Mexican Fusion) in the Cosmopolitan. Even though it is massively overpriced, everyone says its worth it because the entire idea of an asian mexican fusion place is just so entirely ground breaking. Even some random food network talking head said so. While reading the reviews of China Poblano, I find the same sentiment. "Its not that great food wise, but wow! what a great idea!". . KoMex, I believe, is everything China Poblano should have been. KoMex is cheap, innovative, and, most importantly, the food is great! I got the Vegetarian fusion stir-fry burrito and I can't stop thinking about when I can somehow work in another trip to North Decatur to get it again.. . KoMex Fusion Express is definitely a keeper.
I grew up believing that kimchi was something that adults who liked to live on the edge with bad breath enjoyed. It was spicy, didn't have the best smell and I wasn't quite sure how it made any dish taste better.. . Since Yelpers have rarely let me down, after reading so many reviews highlighting the kimchi at KoMex, I couldn't resist adding it to my fusion burrito. Why not? My flavor profile has evolved since the age of 5 and I do like sting that comes with spicy cuisine a little more than I should (empty bottles of chewable Pepto in my purse say so).. . How good is the kimchi here? Not only did it turn me, but the next time I went to KoMex, I forgot to get it on my burrito and was very, very sad when I got home and realized this upon the first bite. Don't get me wrong, the fusion burrito puts Chipotle, and every other burrito for that matter, to shame-the flavors are intense, fresh and portion sizes aren't for the faint of heart-but kimchi adds that littleextra kick that takes the burrito to the next level. It adds crunch, spice and a little bit of sass. Add some of their homemade hot sauce on there and it will shatter all other burrito eating experiences for you. . . The woman who helped me both times, I think is the owner and she's really friendly! It's not the food or service you'd expect out of this unassuming storefront restaurant, but the quality speaks for itself!
Lives up to the hype..... . . . We had combo chow fun (thick noodles with shrimp, chicken and beef) excellent flavor, the sauce coated the noodles perfectly without being too greasy. . My favorite? The pork fusion tacos, ordered 2 of each meat (pork, beef and chicken) husband and I agree... Pork definitely outstanding of the three, will just order pork next time.  . . Ordered a Mexican coke with this, perfect. . Only drawback? That this isn't closer to . my home. . . Will definitely return!!
I'm always trying to introduce my friends to this very unique establishment. Always getting positive feedback.. . I liked this place already from the tacos and burritos that I would usually get. This time I opted for the bulgogi w/ lettuce wrap and the GHETTO STYLE RAMEN!!! I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT THESE TWO ITEMS!!! . . The bulgogi sitting on tortillas were really good when I first tried them. You can definately taste the successful fusion between these two great cultures. I was missing something though. I love the crunchy texture that you get from a lettuce wrap and daikon when eating bulgogi. The crunchy texture of the lettuce wrap, the sweet flavor of their bulgogi, and all the other makings burnt an everlasting impression into my taste buds. FOR SHEEZIE!!! I absolutely HEART this place now! :D. . As for the GHETTO STYLE RAMEN?... What? Yallz want to go to that "other" spot for some ramen? I'm going to KoMex for some AWESOME GHETTO STYLE RAMEN!!! The weather is getting chilly to an uncomfortable cold now. This is perfect for this weather. I'm not even going to tell you what's in it. GHETTO STYLE RAMEN ALL DAY SUN!!! . . Thanks KoMex. . EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
Have eaten twice now from this establishment and each time i have, a party in my mouth and tummy ensues! . I have mostly eaten their fusion tacos, and I love how they cram those little tortillas with meat and toppings. I also love to substitute one of my tacos with a lettuce wrap, just to change it up a little. Yum! . On both occasions, I have done take out so im thinking that next time will be a dine in experience, cuz if the tacos are tasty half cold, then freshly made must be awesome! Great food, great prices, and great customer service. . P.S. Love their salsa, and always make sure to ask for the kimchi on the fusion tacos.
Since I only live 4 miles from KoMex, I love coming here regularly since my first visit around Sep 2011.  By "Checking-In" on my Yelp Android App, I also get a free wontons serving (4 pieces, normally $1 but tastes much more expensive than that) as part of my unbelievably cheap but delicious meal.. . I've introduced my visiting Cali friends to this place and they've all loved it.  I usually order their "Special of the Week" listed on their dry-erase board next to the fridge.  I'm an atheist, but I pray to the higher powers that be that KoMex opens a branch in Spring Valley so all of their fusion food goodness is even closer to my house.
This place isn't attractive at all, what-so-ever. But who the heck cares as long as the food is hella good, right? Plus, I'm no snooty booty. This was our very first time at this place. I read a lot of the Yelp reviews and decided that the good completely out weighed the bad. My boyfriend and I ordered so much that we actually had the lady, whom I think was the owner and was super nice, actually stop us mid-order just to tell us that this was a lot of food. LOL! She was soooooooo right. We ended up taking a lot of it home with us. They first came out with chips (homemade and awesome) with salsa and guac. Then they brought out our spam musubis WITH FRIED EGG :9 Then, came out our humongous burritos. Bulgogi (beef) for my bf and Duk-gogi (chicken) for me. The fusion between korean and mexican flavors was something I've never experienced before. It was genius. It had rice, our choice of meat, pico de gallo, beans and cilantro. Then came our tacos. I had pork, my bf had chicken and fish, which was fried and hardly any breading at all (such a breath of fresh air). I ate one taco and just a third of my burrito. Again, it was HUMONGOUS. So that was two burritos, four tacos, two spam musubis, a Voss water bottle, and lemonade for just $25!!! Can't beat that! And we used our check-in prize of fried wantons (also delicious!!). . Definitely going to hit this spot up again! :D
What can I say, besides great. After reading all the reviews on here, me and my coworker decided to go on an adventure and boy was it a good decision. Now just to be fair, I did not try many items on the menu, but the Fusion tacos were amazing! I am Mexican and these tacos are, in my opinion, better than any you can buy at a regular Mexican Restaurant! Yes, the location is not attractive at all but who cares if the food is soo good. . . Please note, the place will be closed . from Dec 15- December 26th for the holidays:( . . So here is my final analysis: . . Pro: . 1)Asked for water and instead of getting tap water, we got to free bottled water. . 2) Chips, Salsa, and Guacamole, all free! . 3) Checked in on yelp and got an order of Wontons. . 4) The tacos we very good. Meat was juicy and soft. . 5) VERY Cheap!  Our bill came out to 8 dollars! . 6) Fortunate cookie and orange. . 7) Very good variety of food. . . Cons: . 1) I feel like I stole some food because it was that cheap! . 2) Might take a bit if you go during lunch hours.
No joke. I had a dream about Komex last night. Let's just say, it was my version of Harold and Kumar go to White Castle. Stoned out of my mind, I was chowing down on bulgogi fushion tacos one after another...And then my stupid alarm goes off...F*** me...Coincidentally, this morning my sister insists me to get her a Pork Fushion Burrito after school. . . So I head over to Komex around 1:45 only to find out that they're closed from Dec. 15- Dec. 26!!!!. . Ahhhhhh!!! Are you F****** kidding me?!? I totally forgot about that...sigh. But what am I gonna do without Komex for almost two weeks?. . In all seriousness, this place is amazing. Not the most ambient of places (what do u expect from a taco shop) but very reasonable prices, friendly service, and just delicious food. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu. Their fushion (Korean-style) tacos and burritos are one of kind. And make sure you get kimchi added to your tacos or burritos for the extra zesty flavor.
This place well exceeds my 3 criteria for awesomeness.  Quality Taste, Quantity, and great price!  Definitely a winner.
If Guy Fieri hasn't already reviewed this place on Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives, somebody needs to let him know ASAP.... . I've heard about this place for a while and I finally got a chance to check it out.  And let me tell you, this place did not disappoint.  I can be an honest critic of Korean food, because I've been eating it since birth.  Let me first start off by saying this place is a true "mom & pop"/ "hole-in-the-wall" type restaurant.  I was expecting this from other reviews and what I was personally told about this place.  . . The place is small, very busy and crowded for lunch, and a longer wait than expected.  But the food and the prices were amazing!!!  I had the Fusion Burrito with Korean pork, Bulgogi tacos, Fish tacos, Fusion chicken tacos, the bulgogi fried rice, and the bulgogi fries.  Everything was delicious.  The chicken was very tender and the pork was excellent, but mildly spicy (I'm used to very spicy Korean pork).  But blend that Korean meat with Mexican flavor, and you have yourself savory piece of heaven in your mouth with every bite.. . The portions are great for what you pay for.  The Fusion burrito is $5, and it's bigger than the carne asada burrito you get at Robertos. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who lives or is visiting Vegas.  When you do go, bring some patience with you and take it for what it is.  It's a busy "mom & pop" shop, with the mom running around as the only hostess, server, runner, buser, and cashier.  But the food and prices more than make up for it.
I LOVE this place! I've been here a few times on a whim and each time has been great. So far I've had: Spam Masubi, Teriyaki Chicken, fusion tacos, fusion burrito, and fish tacos, but there is still SO much more I want/need to try! The Spam Musubi was huge (probably why they call it "Flintstone" musubi) and you get two big ones for 3 bucks. The Spam was nice and crispy, but the rest of the musubi seemed to fall apart very easily (http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/lNZd5fEHGYDhJ-FJYp-oDg/l.jpg); Not a big problem though because I love Spam and rice anyway. The tacos are exploding with flavor and you can't beat the price ($1.29 a pop, really!!?). I've had the pork, chicken, beef, and fish taco. The fish tacos were a little too salty for me, but the rest were amazing. The burrito was also very large, but that didn't effect the quality. It was very flavorful, juicy, and oozing with deliciousness. I ate about half and brought the rest home to my brother who nearly killed it in one bite. . . I can't wait to come back here. Every time we've gone, the service has been very fast and friendly. They even give you complimentary chips, dip, guac, and oranges (after the meal). I wish it wasn't so far from my house, but at least my boyfriend lives down the street from it, so I can get KoMex to-go ;)
Great food. Tried their bulgogi flour tacos, burrito, Mongolian beef. Interesting combination of spices that go well together. If anyone can find a better place for the quality and price in Vegas...do tell! Will be a regular stop when I visit Vegas.
Who'd a thunk to mix mexican style foods with korean flavors... FRICKEN GENIUS!!! . . This is a hole in the wall that needs to be mounted on a wall. Food is always on point from the bulgogi fries to the ghetto ramen (saimin for my island brethren). . Portions are huge and well worth the price. . . The service is always exceptional. Brittany is one of the friendliest servers I've ever had. Shout outs to her. . . Recommendations:. Bulgogi Lettuce Wraps. Ghetto Ramen. Bulgogi Fries
Writing a review for Komex Express is unlike most any review I've ever written. Generally I will post my critique of an establishment on Yelp after only one or two visits, but Komex is a different kind of place that deserved a different approach..  .   Komex was opened for quite a while before I ventured in for the first time. The location that Komex occupies is where one of my favorite Mexican restaurants, El Burrito Cafe, once stood. This spot is only a few hundred yards from my house so the Komex signs were merely reminders of a food spot that I had literally grown up with here in Vegas. Could this "fusion" restaurant compare to the family run Mexican joint I had been so fond of? No way!! Well, maybe I was wrong this time. Komex is beyond incredible!! After stumbling across a bunch of positive reviews on Yelp I decided to go check this place out and there has been no turning back!!. .   If you haven't tried Korean/ Mexican fusion you don't know what you're missing. The melding of spices and peppers that are used in each type of food has been mastered by the Yi family. Most items on the menu at Komex (tacos, burritos, etc.) are available with carne, pollo and carnitas and each is equally delicious. The tacos and burritos are all insanely delicious, but the tortas are by far my favorite. They are made with an ample amount of meat (I prefer the carne on these), lettuce, tomato, avocado and jalapeno on a fresh, soft roll. The bulgogi is also a can't miss option if you want to delve further into the Korea side of the menu. I've had the bulgogi as both a burrito (try it with a little Kimchi) and on its own. Both were awesome! Yesterday I decided to try to fusion cheese enchiladas which I was sure would be at least a slight step down from the other fare at Komex, but guess what; DELICIOUS!! BTW, did I mention the prices??!! The food at Komex would be a bargain at twice the price in my eyes. Taste and quality vs. cost puts Komex at the top of any list of restaurants in Vegas for sure. Be sure to try the unsweetened jasmine tea too.. .   I would also be remiss if I didn't mention how great the service is. The staff is always very friendly and the service is prompt. Linda is the smiling face that greets every customer that walks in and she sees to it that each patron is well taken care of. I continually tell all my friends that if you aren't making the short trip to Komex, you're missing out on a real treat. Komex definitely on my short list of regular stops for great food!!
These flavors together are amazing! My boyfriend and I ordered a bulgogi burrito, nachos, a taco and a tostada ... A ton of delicious food (this ended up being lunch AND dinner for two people) for very little money. I even loved the hot sauce, and normally I can't take anything too spicy. A little bit of their regular hot sauce on my food was perfect. However, they said they can make the food much spicier if you ask - so it's a great place for spice-wimps like me, and spice-hounds like my boyfriend (who will pretty much eat ghost peppers and not die). Very friendly staff/owners as well. Highly recommend.
One of the best finds in vegas, hands down.  Absolutely my new favorite place anywhere.  Fusion tacos? Just over a buck.  Giant portion of bulgogi nachos (best thing I've ever put in my mouth)  6 bucks!. . I literally cant wait to be hungry again so I can go back.  Hands down amazing, great staff.  I always get food  to go, but the service has been great.  As someone who prides themself in seeking these places out, this is one of my top three finds ever.  Dont hesitate, try it out!
This is one of those Yelp finds that lives up to its hype. A little dumpy dive in the depressed west Vegas burbs. I wasn't expecting much. Oh man, the food was really good, really unique, and cheap. Had tacos, tostada, etc.. They bring a salsa spinner to the table, and it's all excellent. And at the end, you get a fresh, cold orange for dessert.
Been eating here since July and need to update my review after my dinner here last night. It just gets better with time. By now we've eaten burritos, enchiladas, tacos, nachos (yummmm) and my new favorite - tortas!. . My torta of choice is loaded with bulgogi, lettuce, tomato, onion, avocado and those little sliced pickled jalapenos on a soft roll with a lil mayo ($5.99). I really don't know how to properly describe the fusion taste - it's just incredibly unique and complex. . . Komex has just wonderful customer service. When we walked in last night it was packed and there people ahead of us waiting for a table. We were contemplating ordering to go and Linda explained that in the amount of time it would take to make our food a table would open. Well she was correct and within 10 minutes two tables became available and she very speedily took care of us. . . Oh and their mango passionfruit tea is amazing. It's unsweetened but is actually pretty sweet and satisfying.
Visiting Vegas anytime soon???? Leave the $9.99 rib-eye specials @ the strip. This place is worth the ride. KoMex is a small, quaint, family-run dive. But, your taste buds and wallet will thank you. We took a taxi(not recommended unless you schedule them to pick you back up)  Nevertheless, we waited happily for 30 minutes chatting up on how great this meal was.  In the end, taxi never showed and the owner Linda graciously offered us a ride back to our hotel.  I've never rated on yelp before and this may just be the beginning of more to come.  KoMex will be tough to beat on budget and value.  I see a bright future ahead for these folks.  THANKS AGAIN!
The flavors are amazing at an unbelievable value.  We had the fusion tacos, tostada, and bulgogi fried rice.  Very tender bulgogi, excellent sauces.  Cheerful service.  A true gem.  I liked the old cook with the KOMEX black beanie.  He's hardcore fusion!
Almost six months had passed since I last reviewed this fine little restaurant, and it was time for a return.  I found it to be just as accommodating as before, offering free bottled water and complimentary homemade tortilla chips with a spicy guacamole dip.  I was even supplied with extra guacamole at no charge when the first quantity ran out.. . This time I wanted to try new items.  So, I had a half-order of Wonton Soup and a full order of Mark's Favorite Chow Fettuccine.  The Wonton Soup was a simple but delicious bowl of Cantonese goodness.  It contained 4 doughy wontons filled with ground beef and pork, 1 button mushroom, some onions, and a touch of whisked egg floating in a very hot, very tasty broth.  A full order costs only $1.00 more, and contains 8 wontons!  . . My main dish could easily have filled two diners, and it was probably folly for me to eat the whole thing in one sitting.  About two-thirds of the way through, I was asked if I wanted a to-go box--as if that was the normal regimen for a single diner--but foolishly declined and forged ahead until I was thoroughly stuffed.  And, my bathroom scale made me pay for that extravagance the next day.. . The food itself consisted of a generous amount of hunks of tender chicken, pieces of lean beef, and medium-sized nicely stir-fried shrimps mixed with green and purple cabbage, red and white onion strands, green and red bell pepper slices, some carrot splinters, and oodles of fettucinne nicely mixed together with a very light brown sauce.  The dish just needed a little salt, which slight application of soy sauce quickly provided.  It was a fine platter of multi-flavored and textured treats.  Complimentary orange slices and a fortune cookie were brought to the table at meal's end for a refreshing finish to a very substantial lunch. . . I did notice one thing different from my two previous visits.  Instead of several casually clad 20-something males predominantly in attendance, this time the nearly completely full small dining room featured a wide mix of diners, including snowy-haired senior couples, young men in suits, a technician in surgical scrubs, the middle aged, and a young couple.  The demographics have shifted to a wider audience as the kudos keep coming in for this no longer obscure, cook-to-order gem.
I am a picky eater and very very American when it comes to my food so a good review from me to KoMex you might find hard to believe but I did. . . Well here it is, KoMex is delicious, yummy, flavorful, big portions and great prices. I was introduced a few months ago and have been there alot since finding out about this place. They are a small business with only about 10 tables in the restaurant and the owner will normally be your server. She is the nicest lady and works really hard at her job and her business. . . This might sound strange but I always get the Mexican taco's (steak) and they are the best steak taco's I have ever had. KoMex makes them on those small corn shells and they are perfect. The taco's come in steak, chicken, pork, fish, and shrimp.  They start you off with freshly made tortilla chips and the guacamole is home made and my girlfriend loves it as she almost always eats it all up. . . I feel as if I should mention some of there other menu items that my girl gets all the time, chicken teriyaki=great, Mongolian beef= unbelievably good and the pork taco she claims is better than the steak but I doubt that. . . In the end, we get out of this place with a VERY full belly and still a fat wallet, well as fat as I had it to begin with the wallet that is. . . So here's the deal, if you haven't been here before GO and GO now cause it's just delicious and coming from a picky eater that tough to say.      . . Your critic Vegas Villain
We had the pork torta, gulgogi nachos, shrimp and fish tacos, and fish/shrimp lettuce cups.  This was way too much food for two people but we wanted to try a little bit of everything.  The pork torta was insane, seriously good and HUGE.  I will definitely order that again.  The nachos were pretty good too, worth a repeat.  The other items we had were tasty but pretty standard.  I will go to this little place again for sure.. . 11/24/12 Update - Been going here pretty regularly for about a year...never disappoints.  I love it; the fusion pork torta is legit.
Kallie C. . Beaverton, OR. . This broad had it right!  I just ordered the chimi and it wasn't a mini.  That's for damn sure.  In fact, I had to take a break while eating it to write this.  This about that, ladies and ladies.  I put down the fork, turned on the laptop, went to yelp, and made a comment.  Yeah... f@ck right that's what I did.  This place is awesome.  Everytime I go in, the owner recognizes me.  Okay, she doesn't know my name, but the fact that she can pick me out of a police lineup, that's something impressive.  Most places couldn't give a sh*t less who you are.  . . For people who haven't heard of Komex, let me digress.  The neighborhood (in which I live) is kind of crap.  The decor isn't great.  But the people and food are the best.  I will seriously take coworkers and clients alike to this place.  . . I only wish that they needed a CPA so I could work for burritos...
I live in So Cal and there are a lot of Korean/Mexican style food trucks. I really like the fusion blend and I think that the flavors go together well. KoMex has really found a way to not only mix the flavors, but I think that they do it better than the others. Their food is less greasy and they have a big menu. . . The tacos are really good. I can easily motor down 5-6 of them. The wanton chips are a nice touch and they go great with the fusion theme. Everyone in our group liked the fried rice. Just be aware of the huge portion and the smell of kimchee that will ooze from your pores. . . Overall this is good food at a great price. You can easily stuff your face and keep that hard earned money at the same time. I think that the food is 4 star quality but the owner was so nice and she will not oversell you on the food. If you order too much she will tell you. For those reasons alone they get a bonus star.
I have been wanting to try this place.  I've read all about it on Yelp.  My girlfriend has turned me on to Korean cuisine.  I like Mexican cuisine, but she does not.  So, I had to rope my father into going with me.  Komex is conveniently located off the 95 at Decatur.  Just head North on Decatur and look for it on the left just before Washington.  There is not enough parking for that shopping center.  The decor is typical mom and pop, not super fancy, but it is clean.  Mostly booths.  Have a seat and a server will come by soon.  The place is small, perhaps six or eight booths/tables.  We ordered two Mexican sodas: one mandarin orange and the other lime.  They came in bottles and they provided glasses with ice and straws.  I tried both flavors and liked both.  The carbonation was strong.  The server brought out complimentary chips, saIsa, and guacamole.  The chips were more like fried pitas.  They seemed fresh, but were cold.  The salsa was very flavorful.  The guacamole was ordinary, but how many other places give you guacamole for free?  So, I'm not complaining.  If you check in on Yelp you get a free order of fried wontons.  I showed our server.  I went to the bathroom and was disgusted by the smell (the only unpleasant part of my experience at Komex).  The fried wontons were crispy, hearty, and flavorful.  Not overly greasy.  The dipping sauce was really tasty, kind of sweet and spicy hot at the same time.  We ordered two fusion tacos (one beef and the other chicken), bulgogi burrito, and pork torta.  The food all came out at different times, which I did not mind.  There were only two people working the front-of-house and the place was full (was lunch time).  Everything was flavorful.  I could taste the Korean and the Mexican and it worked.  The burrito and torta were huge portions.  Our server brought out some sauces, which were all good.  Upon finishing our server brought out a complimentary dessert, which was an orange sliced in half and the pieces cut out and then put back in.  Two little plastic swords were stuck in two of the slices.  Really nice touch.  Usually I skip dessert after eating so much food, but I told myself I had to eat my daily allowance for fruit and enjoyed it.  It was fresh.  Fortune cookies came with the bill.  Torta $5.99; burrito $4.99; tacos $1.29 each; sodas $1.29 each; wontons free with Yelp check in; fortune cookies free; orange free; and chips, salsa, & guacamole free.  The total bill was under $18 and we were stuffed.  Our server was super friendly and helpful.  It was totally busy, but we ate and got back to work within an hour.  This place gets five stars all the way "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"
Insanely good!  In a town with so much overpriced crappy food, I needed a fix like this so dearly. Without a doubt, the very best thing I ate while in Vegas was a Kimchi burrito. The wife had the chicken tacos with kimchi. She couldn't talk... Just kept saying "mmmm" with a full mouth. I went here on a whim after reading some Yelp reviews on my way to the LV airport. Thanks Yelpers!!! I'm so glad I went here. You're definitely not going here for the ambiance - just so damn good cheap eats.
Dare I say that they are better than the Korean/Mexican fusion that is LA's infamous Kogi. YES, YES...I DARE!. . The lack of help staff can kinda be overlooked by the fact that the food was YUM-O!!!. It's a small hole in the wall spot my friend always goes to so, he wanted to bring me there.. When we got there, we waited a few minutes for someone to finish their food so we could cop their table.. . We got the bulgogi fried rice, fish tacos, and bulgogi tacos. All were pretty amazing especially since I'm comparing them to Kogi.. Their complimentary salsa and chips were good, too. All tasted homemade. They had all kinds of chili sauces from Chinese chili oil combo to Saracha to a Mexican brand I've never had before.. . I was giggling that they had musubi on their menu.. . The one major factor to this spot is that they are soooooooo far!
I would give this place a 4 star typically. Their decor needs work and their fusion food is NOT better than Kogi of Los Angeles. But their chips, guac and salsa are great and the food is good. Cheap and portions are generous. Nice people too. I would return.
Anyone who gives this place less than 3 stars either had an off day or just doesn't appreciate great food for cheap prices. . The majority of Yelpers legitimately gave this place 5 stars for several reasons. Freshly made food that is full of flavor, huge portions, cheap prices, great quality ingredients, friendly service, and not your average food items. All of these factors more than make up for location and decor.. I revisited this little gem during lunch & had the chicken bulgogi tacos with a side of Mexican rice. The corn tortilla tacos were overly stuffed with juicy, flavorful chicken, marinated cabbage, & I got kimchee on top. What an explosion of goodness it was. The rice was pretty good, moist and better than average. Lunch came to just over 6.00 total for 3 tacos, side of rice, & a can of soda. Nothing to squawk at.. By the way, as everybody mentioned, free homemade chips with salsa & guacamole, little cute orange dessert & fortune cookie, ALL included!! . Its not often that you can find a place like this. . Try it!
Wonderful srvice, the owner insist on giving customers bottled water instead of the usual tap.  I've had the bulgoki sliders with kimchi...which was relish, and the Korean beef tostada with the fried rice patty instead of the usual torta.  Accompanied by an awesome beef taco and the best beef bulgogi fried rice I've ever had!  The prices are unmatched for the quality of the food and the service, it's amazingly delicious!  I recommend this place to everyone I know.
I'm soo glad we tried this place. At first i was like" korean-mexican food sounds gross" but my curiosity got the best of me.   And i don't regret it now. We loved it.  They definitely have our business til forever,  we are sooo going back. We tried the fusion beef tacos and the chicken broccoli.   The food was so good and the price is just right.  . I totally recommend this place to everyone, especially if you r looking for a new place to go eat.
Several visits later and you still uphold the standard of Awesomeness.. . But this time your awesomeness had me feeling guilty.  . . Ordered the usual, fusion pork burrito and fusion pork tacos.  Pork burrito was actually a chicken burrito.  No, no, no.  Please ma'am, may we have the pork burrito?  Why of course you may and let me give you a discount for us messing that up.  5 minutes later pork burrito arrives.  No harm done but you still give us the discount.. . A discount for mistaken identity of meat.  Are you serious?  How can you afford this on your already low prices?  Things are always perfect when we come here.  There is no need for a discount.  It was an honest mistake.  Now we feel guilty.. . We love you Komex.  You know what customer service and satisfaction (and food) is all about.
Really impressed with this place.  We got takeout and my friend Trish out ordered me, luckily we were sharing :)  . . She got the pan fried fish and I had the chicken bulgogi.  The fish was lightly fried and really fresh...hence all the great fish taco reviews here as well I guess.. . Service was a bit slow but they brought us free chips while were waiting.  There is a really good vibe with the people that work here.  They seem to be happy to be working here, rare for vegas!. . I can't wait to try more at KoMex...wish I lived closer!  :(
Service: The owner was very sweet and attentive. I ordered the kimchi fried rice w/o eggs; when it came out I noticed it had small pieces of what I thought may have been eggs in the mix. I lether know I am allergic to eggs and she gladly took it back to make sure that it was made w/o eggs and reassured me that a new one would be made. The chef came out and confirmed that there were no eggs in the fried rice... so I dug in. It was delicious. so flavorful. and exploding w. kimchi!! . . I also got the free fried wontons for the check in special on yelp. The owner returned to inform me that the wontons were sealed w/ egg yolk. This just showed me how attentive she was! thumbs up to that. . . Boyfriend got the soft tacos in pork, chicken, and beef. The chicken taco was delicious!! It had different dressings than that of a tacoshop ie cabbage. . . I was really skept about trying this restaurant when my boyfriend suggested it. But it completely opened my mind to fusion food. I've had other fusion foods in San Diego which did not compared!! Will definitely be going back! I love it when hole in the wall restaurants blow you away like this one (:
First of all, we got a check-in offer of free fried wontons!. . Second of all, when I told the lady (she seemed like the owner) about how I've eaten at the Kogi truck in L.A., she already knew the difference between their food and her food and was able to tell me. She was honest saying some people like KoMex more and others still like Kogi more.. . Third of all, our bill for 3 people was only $11.80. Granted, 2/3 of us didn't order very much... but still.. . Ok so the food.... . The chips w/ salsa & guacamole was very good. The chips were homemade and I think the salsa & guac are too. I have had better homemade salsa, but the guacamole was very good.. . I had the (insert korean name here) pork taco and bulgogi beef taco.. I am not sure how to even describe it, but it was very good. Everything was made fresh. The meat was hot, tortillas were soft and the vegetables were crisp.. I would say that I liked the pork one more than the bulgogi one.. . After the dinner rush had begun to slow down, the lady who seemed like the owner came to our table not only to check on us, but to talk to us. She was telling us how on weeknights the busy rushes are kind of unpredictable. She was apologizing for the wait since there was only 1 cook that (wednesday) night, but honestly, we didn't even wait that long. If we did, we didn't notice because we were so caught up in conversation.. . This place is far from us and they said they would be opening another location closer to 215 & rainbow.. . OH and this location has so much character! It is a true hole-in-the-wall. It's the kind of place that looks like you should question eating there, but when you do, it is so delicious! LOVE IT!. . #foodcrew
I was doubtful on coming here. Korean and Mexican fusion just sounds... no. Don't judge a book by it's cover though, this has to be one of my top favorite family-owned businesses in Las Vegas! . . We came on a weekday night, an hour about closing. Apparently this night they were short staffed, and the place was busy, so service took longer than expected (but of course, was understood). I do not eat meat, but thank goodness they had vegetarian options on their menu. I had the fusion tacos sans the meat, but added kimchi. Even without the meat, the lettuce wrap tacos with kimchi were delicious!. . My friends ordered the fusion tacos with beef and pork, and everyone at our table was highly please by the taste for such a cheap, cheap price (I believe it was $1.95 for the tacos, where can you get a better deal than that other than at a Taco Bell or Del Taco?!). . While the service was slammed that night, we were able to talk to one of the owners who, while very busy, still showed awesome service to us, even when we had many questions to ask amongst how busy it was. Very nice owner who is willing to explain everything down to the last ingredient. Will definitely return here again, this is my new favorite fusion restaurant! (That ISN'T fast-food!)
Went back to KoMex and had the fried fish and Pulled Pork sliders also this time.  Both were awesome but pick the fish if you want 1 dish imo.  Can't wait to try more!. . Also, great friendly service both on the phone and picking up our order.  Awesome place!
Located a few miles off the strip, but toOOOOOootally worth it.. . The concept here should be nothing new to anyone that doesn't live under a rock: Mexican-Korean fusion food... Think Kogi Truck, but in my opinion it's better: You don't have to track Komex down via twitter/fb, and there's no 1 hour+ outdoor wait for a food truck parked in a random lot. Best of all, there's a place to sit & enjoy the fantastic food right away, as it is being served to you by the friendly owners.. . We ordered: . - WonTons: Free via Yelp check-in, and they were yummy yeah, aw yeaaaah.. - 2 pan fried bulgogi (Korean beef) tacos - The special of the week. If you ever get this one, make sure you devour it while the taco shell is still hot & crunchy.. - Fusion chicken tacos: Fabulous chunks of grilled juicy chicken meat. - Fusion spicy pork burrito: The gf & I split this. Don't be intimidated by "spicy" pork - as with most Korean-style spicy pork, it's only mildly spicy if anything. For those that aren't too fond of kimchi, you can ask them to leave it out. But really, this burrito was originally designed to be eaten with the fresh kimchi cabbage to enhance the overall fusion experience.. - Bulgogi Fries: Think carne asada fries but with the bulgogi (slightly sweet marinated Korean beef) instead. This thing was massive.. since the 4 of us had wontons, chips, and like 3 tacos and half a burrito each, we weren't even able to finish these delicious fries.. . - Free Chips & Guacamole/Salsa - The freshly fried homemade chips  were so awesome that we had to ask for more. I also couldn't believe that these free chips also came with guacamole. There was the traditional Mexican salsa, traditional Korean red pepper paste (a kinda sweet gochujang), and the group's favorite salsa which was sriracha (red rooster sauce) based mixed with some chili oil. We loved this sauce in particular so much that we asked for another cup of it.. . The setting here closely resembles any other typical taqueria (their logo is a big cartoon dude wearing a huge sombrero) but offers much, MUCH more.. . Thanks broham for finding another place to visit every single time we come to Vegas!. . Cliff Notes: BOMB fusion burritos/tacos/fries/nachos with Korean-style meats & ingredients.
KOMEX! WOW! nuff said.. 1. Cheap! . 2. Huge portions.  . C. Friendly staff. IV. Delicious.. . Definitely lived up to the reviews on Yelp!  Go with the fusion offerings before anything else on your first visit.  The Bulgogi (beef) taco's are cheap and amazing.  I down like 3 of these on each visit.. Free chips, Salsa, and Guac. start the meal.. We usually do one dish with the tacos.  The kimchi fried rice is delicious and HUGE, with a fried egg on top. Especially after 2-3 taco's you'll definitely have leftovers. The Mongolian beef is also worth a try.. . Decor needs updating as it looks old and a bit run-down on the inside..but i guess with the type of reviews they've been getting and since the food speaks for itself, I'm sure the owners could care less.. . The only way to describe this place is truly with the corny albeit often used phrases: . **HIDDEN GEM** **MUST TRY** **FOODGASM** **GO-TO SPOT**. . But i wouldn't write those words if they weren't true about Komex.
Thanks to yelp we found a decent place to eat in Vegas.. Fresh, delicious and cheap.  Good food, although the service is a little slow, but the sign already warned us it could be slow.  The food was good.  Not over salted or too greasy.  Excellent fusion tacos, we had the beef and pork.  Both my kids liked their tacos.  Enjoyed the Kimchi fried rice with eggs, portion large enough to feed a family of four.  Excellent combination of flavors and spices.
Mind is completely blown. Korean, Mexican, Chinese fusion?? HELL YEAH!. . I found this little place randomly on our way out of Vegas after a weekend trip. I searched yelp by check in offers because I was feeling cheap after losing all my money on the strip. KoMex came up, and we were sold. In fact, we waited in the parking lot for over an hour until they opened just so we could try it. . . We over-ordered and everything was so inexpensive. I had the shrimp stir fry, my boyfriend had the bulgogi nachos, my friend had kimchi fried rice and they ordered a bulgogi burrito with kimchi as well. Everything I tried was amazing. I ordered a double order of kimchi on the side and greedilt gobbled it up in less than a minute.. . The people working there were super nice and the food came out quickly. Plus, free wontons when you check in. Can't beat that!
When I first heard about this, Korean and Mexican Fusion, my first thought was "wha?!" with just a hint of skepticism (just a hint).. . BUT, since I considered myself open-minded and I'm easily swayed by many, MANY good reviews from friends and yelpers, I became more excited to try this place. I mean, come on - bulgogi in a burrito with kimchi? That sounds pretty tasty! Besides, I love Seoul Food. =). . KoMex isn't too big, but luckily they had a booth that accommodated me and my 5 other friends. There were 3 guys and 3 gals. The guys and myself each ordered a burrito, while the girls ordered tacos. We also ordered some fried wontons (4 for a buck!). . I was clearly very hungry and thought I might be able to finish my food. I didn't stand a chance. I ate about 2/3 of the burrito, a couple of chips and guac, a wonton and waved a white flag. . . The wontons are ok, but for a $1, definitely not disappointed. The burrito was SO GOOD! There was a good amount of meat and if you get kimchi (which I suggest you do if you like it), the burrito is just HUGE! I want to say it was the size of my forearm. Considering I'm petite in the sense that I'm short with short limbs, I think that's a pretty accurate description.. . Everyone left stuffed and happy. If you are in the area and want to try some off the strip joints, you should stop on by.
The place looks a little sketchy from the outside and doesn't have any fancy decor...But WOW! They have really good tacos! Come here for the food not the ambiance.. The food is great, the service is friendly, and the prices are cheap. A little slower than other lunch eateries but worth the wait.
Super yummy. Always fresh. Great owners. I would eat here once a week. Best kept secret (used to be) in Vegas.
Had another great meal here yesterday! . . I'm still in a phase of trying out different things here since everything has been really good thus far. We started with their yummy chips, guacamole, and salsa. . . It seems like I always start my meal off with 2 bulgogi tacos. This time around I also order their Fusion Chimichanga, also with bulgogi. The tacos are always great and never disappoint. The chimichanga was really good, covered with red enchilada sauce and some pico, spot on.  The ratio of meat to other ingredients was really good, never tasted too much of anything. . . Good tasting food at an awesome price, will be back.
GET THE CHIMICHANGA! GET THE CHIMICHANGA!. . It's a ways off the strip but totallllllllllllllllly worth it! promise.. Found this place through the help of yelp, yeahhh buddy!. . Parking: Private lot and I'm sure it helps that there are 3? designated parking spots for KoMex customers! yayy! :D. . Service: Is this place family owned? I swear the girl taking my order could care less about being there. She was dragging her feet every direction she had to go. bleh. We were seated as soon as we walked in.. to a verryy dusty table. ): eck. The girl brought the menus right away and gave us a few mins to decide what we wanted. We ordered our food, some chips and salsa/guacamole came and then we realized... we didn't even get place mats! :C which meant no napkins. which means we were just eating on a dusty table. *face palm* -_-'' . . FOOD: Have I mentioned that you should order the CHIMICHANGA?! Well, just in case I haven't... GET THE CHIMICHANGA!. +_Complimentary Chips, Salsa, and Guacamole: The chips were warm when they got to the table and they were DELISH! The salsa was okay but I really enjoyed the guacamole. (:. +_FREE Check-in Fried Wontons!! (; These were sooooo good! I believe they're 4 for $1.00 BUT you can get them for free when you check in :D woot woot! They came with a sweet and sour dipping sauce and were pretty hot in temperature so be careful.. +_Tacos: M'boyfriend ordered one of these babies and it was BOMBB! Juicy, flavorful, warm tortilla, and mm mm good!. +_Bulgogi burrito ( beef with rice, green & brown onions, pico de gallo, cilantro, lettuce, and sauce) : Mehh. I think I HAVE to try it with kim chi next time. It wasn't the head nodding, mmhmm, OMG, mouth full of food kind of experience. However, I will say that it was just as bigg as a chipotle burrito, was still good a couple hours after, and at $4.99 that isn't too shabby.. +_CHIMICHANGA!! (cabbage, onions, cilantro and pico de gallo, topped with Enchilada sauce.) The boyfriend ordered a chimichanga and i was soo jealous I didn't order it! ): PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE order this :D The skin was crispy and it was amazing!. . Tips:. +_Check in to get a free order of fried wontons. +_the only thing that has free refills are their peach iced teas.. +_don't sit at a table, try a booth? perhaps they're less dusty.. +_GET THE CHIMICHANGA! it'll be the BEST hang over meal EVER.. . I already know what I want to try next! The mongolian beef!
With their super friendly staff, fast service, low prices, and tasty eats, KoMex is a win!. The bulgogi burrito and kimchi fried rice are my absolute favorites. The meat is nicely marinated and chopped into the ideal size so that you get a perfect bite when you start chowing down.    . . Getting in and out is a breeze, but there is sometimes a wait because the place is tiny.  It's best to call your order ahead of time as it will usually take 15-20 minutes for them to prepare the food fresh!  Don't despair, the food is worth the wait. . . Credit/debit will be accepted, but for orders less than something like $10 a small fee of $0.50 will be added.  (Credit card company fees really add up!)  . . If you can, pay in cash and help support this wonderful small business!
i love good fusion.  i predict i will only eat off their fusion menu , but i will always wonder how good their  pure mexican or asian items are. beef bulgogi sliders were my favorite .  i like their chips, salsas, enchiladas & tacos.  i wanna try their fusion chimichanga & fish tacos/burritos. no music/radio.  a unique, rare treat w/nice decor & staff. .  i won't go here after dark.  bad neighborhood = great pricing
I had been hearing about KoMex from fellow yelpers for weeks. The idea of blending Korean and Mexican food has been done before but not like this. . . Tucked away in some  stripmall near the Meadows Mall, KoMex doesn't look very impressive on the outside. Its a small restaurant, definitely a 'hole in the wall' which does not deter me at all. In fact, the casual mom n pop abiance really adds to the experience. . . The menu is actually quite extensive offering Mexican, Korean, and Chinese food. However, the fusion items are really what this place is all about. KoMex offers all different kinds of Korean+Mexican fusion dishes. Everything from tacos, burritos, and even bulgogi fries (kinda of like carne asada fries but with a slightly sweet and tangy Korean beef). I strongly recommend the bulgogi fries as I have never had anything like them before.. . What really makes the place awesome is the fact that there is no dish over $10. 3 Tacos, bulgogi fries come put to about $10. Another thing I love, is that when you order water, they give you free bottled water, not tap! On top, they offer free chips and guac (usually its just chips and salsa). Throw in the free yelp check in deal and you have a pair of great appetizers. . . The service is pretty good, the small set-up makes it easy to get a hold of your server. Also the fact that the place appears to be family run gives it that personal touch. . . I think KoMex really embodies much of what Yelp is all about, finding great places to eat off the beaten path which one would not normally thing about going.
Never had a bad meal here and the prices are great. The staff is always super friendly. The fusion tacos are where it's at!
Great food great price.
This is a new Vegas tradition for us. Found this place off-strip on our way out of town and decided to try something new.. . We ordered a buffet fit for kings, bulgogi burrito, bulgogi and kimchi nachoes, stir fry, wontons. Yum. The food was delicious. I don't think you can order the wrong thing here, it's all good.
I must say this place is amazing. We were recommended this place from a local at Costco. Totally worth it. I had the fusion torta and my bf had the fusion chimichanga which were both to die for. On top of the food being bombdiggaty the prices were excellent! Super cheap! We will always pay this place a visit when we come back to Vegas!!
I can not stop thinking about this place!.  Instead of trying to get you to relive my experience I'm just going to give you the reasons why you need to get up and go.. . 1. Check in deals. 2. Free chips with salsa and guac. 3. Food is awesome (Love the tacos!) . 4. Cheap!. 5. Veggie options. 6. The lady who owns it is super nice
I am so late on this bandwagon.  Writing a review for this now is like just getting into the "Lost" TV series yesterday.   . . Loved it all.  Kimchi was a must have for my tacos.  I enjoyed the pork, bulgogi and chicken in that order.  I wondered what their regular Chinese or non-fusion dishes are like but I will never know.  If I'm trekking it all the way up Decatur to get here, I'm getting the fusion goddamit!  My wife got the bulgogi burrito which was a monster.  That could be lunch for two.  Free fried wontons with a check-in.  Afternoon lunch coma sets in upon completion.  . . Corona or Hite beer would compliment their stuff perfectly.  Maybe they let people byob?
W - O - W !. What can I say...Eric R. and I came for Jen S.'s UYE, and it was a grand time!. The contest: $10 for all you can eat tacos (your choice of meat and sides) and free soda, iced tea or water for 15 minutes.. The challengers: Eric R., Tiffanie R., Gabe, Jen S., and Danny.  The first four did the challenge at the same time, and Danny upon entering battled in round 2.. It was a meaty, fast-paced chewdown with flavors flying and lots of excitement.  Jen and Eric were neck-and-neck when it got to tacos 9-11, but Eric's one extra bite claimed initial victory.  Enter Danny, who inhaled 8 tacos in 7 minutes, with all looking good, but he hit a wall, and after 9, Eric R. was declared the winner. . The prize: a KoMex t-shirt and a picture with a sign that read, "I ate 11 tacos and one bite!". Tiffanie got recognized for being the only woman brave enough to try the challenge.. Otherwise, for us sane people: Lily, Jieun L., Anthony M., Tony T., and Paolo D. - oh, and me! - we ordered from the menu.  I missed out on the free check-in wontons because they have pork, but we were given 4 plates of them generously!  We also got chips, salsa, guac and 4 hot sauces.  There was one I really liked with onions and Korean spices and other herbs.. Everyone seemed to go for the lettuce wrap tacos except Paolo who ate his Torta Ahogada in record time and licked that plate clean!. I got one beef fusion taco with avocado and jalepeno, and one fusion tostada, the star of the show...a rice patty (perfection!) topped with chicken, lettuce, pico, Korean hot sauce, avocado and jalepeno.  It was so amazing I wanted another one but refrained from overstuffing myself!  I think I am now hooked and next time I am over here, it is 2 rice patty tostadas for me!. I also enjoyed the delicious mango-passionfruit iced tea.  I also noticed in the cold case KoMex carries Sweet Leaf mint and honey iced tea, the only sweet-ish tea I will drink (and it is made in AUSTIN!). Soooo much fun and I really liked everything I tasted.  Thank goodness Jen S.  hosted this fabulous event so we could finally eat here.  We also ran into Clint B. here who was here with his family for dinner!. In this battle of man versus tacos, Eric R. won!
My favorite restaurant in Vegas. I fantasize about the fusion burrito with kimchi whenever I'm eating anything that isn't a fusion burrito with kimchi. Also the food quantity to cost ratio and flavor to cost ratio is more mind blowing than quantum mechanics. I just can't get my mind around it. But it doesn't matter, because every time I wrap my lips around a fusion burrito my mind instantly drifts away from rationality and enters an altered state of consciousness that consists of unadulterated bliss and euphoria. It's a profoundly addictive experience.
Service and food was almost too good!  The servings are huge and so its hard to try everything you want to try in a single visit.  Will make it a point to include a trip there when ever I go to Vegas.  I should have ordered something to go to bring back with me.
Love this place. We go every week. . . Cheap Eats, Great food, Great service. You can't ask for more! . . Their kimchi is great ! I have it on everything. I always tend to try something new here everytime I go but, the tacos are still my fav. Love the house salsas and hot sauces !
Fantastic food at a FANTASTIC price!!  I got Jim's Bulgogi Fried Rice and still have half the plate left over when I was through.  I have a whole meal left in the refrigerator and for the price, you can't beat it!  I will definitely be back to try more of the Fusion items.  Thanks Yelp!  Great 1st find for me!!  :-)
I cannot say enough good things about this place.  Believe me when I say I have thought about it OFTEN since my last trip to Vegas.. . Food, prices, service--a true five star place found in an unassuming strip mall off the strip.  Free chips and salsa upon arrival, and a check-in deal for some tasty dumplings.. . I had three tacos with Kimchi (one pork, one chicken, one beef).  They were $1.50ish each.  All three were extremely generous in size, flavor, and taste.  I probably liked the beef one best.. . It was one of those meals that I didn't want to finish because I'd be too sad when it was over, but I decided to eat it all because I was worried the tacos would lose their magic once Primm was in the rear-view mirror.. . CHECK OUT OF YOUR HOTEL AND THEN GO HERE for lunch before driving back to LA.  My riding partner saved one of her tacos and it was still wonderful in Barstow, so you could even load up on to-go.. . This place has minor issues with lack of fountain drinks (they have cans), a location that is a bit remote, and a strange bathroom; however, none of these conditions can even threaten these five stars.. . A memorable meal for two at under $10.  If you haven't been here, you're making a mistake.  Sorry about all the hype.
Totally a hole in the wall but oh so good! The decor is outdated with very cushy booth seating but the service is quick and friendly. We got the bulgogi burrito that was huge that I shared with my bf. The galbi tacos were delicious and packed that I made 2 tacos since there's 2 pieces of tortilla. My bf said that this was by far the best galbi tacos that he's tasted and we're from LA! . Did I mention the homemade chips with the yummy guac and salsa that they first bring out? YUM!
Great price
SO delicious!  I am still working my way around the menu, so I am not sure yet which is my favorite.  However, there hasn't been a single disappointment.  The bulgogi tacos, tostada and chimichanga were all fantastic and service has always been super-friendly.. I could be happy just with the free chips, salsa and guacamole and they always taste so fresh.
Absolutely amazing place. Reasonably priced, friendly/attentive service, and great food. Don't review much, but this was worth remembering my yelp login.
This is place was great!  I've actually had food from the grandfather of all food trucks, the Kogi truck, that helped pioneer the Korean/Mexican fusion cuisine.  This place was sooo good.  Ingredients were very fresh, marinated meats were so tasty and everything was so flavorful.  I sampled the chicken tostada, beef tacos and lettuce wraps (all fusion).  I was delighted by it all!
We went on a Wednesday night and it was full, but not crowded.  Service was attentive and the food came out in a timely fashion.  . . Order the nachos, they are amazing.  Everything we had was excellent.  . . Go, you'll be happy you did.
Komex is still killing it. I bring a deathly looking angry korean with a hangover from hell to finally try this joint. For her....not da bidness yo... . . I look on the menu and the Ghetto Style Ramen is not on there. Double Sad Face...    :(     :(     If you're in the know, they will still serve you this item.  YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH!!!
Wow! Just got back from Ko Mex. Wife & I spent a whopping $19.55 for 3 fusion tacos, 2 tacquitos & kimchee fried rice!  Ko mex is just as most reviewers see it, a small shop in a strip mall that I would have easily passed had it not been for Yelp.. . We drove the 10 miles from our hotel to try Ko Mex. All I can say is I wish we had one of these in Torrance. The Fusion tacos, both beef & chicken with kim chee were absolutely DEEEE LISH ISSS! But my fave was the lettuce wrap with pork! I let my wife taste it ( she had the kim chee rice ) & she wolfed 3/4 of the wrap while I was sucking down a Pina Jarrito! . . Great service, we were so lucky it wasnt too busy so service was extra qwik. I love hitting these places during non peak days as you feel unrushed and can really enjoy the food....Oh btw, we had to bring half the rice home cuz we were so full! Add in orange & fortune cookies for dessert & you have one Fantastic place to Eat. So happy we found this treasure!
Only 229 reviews, so I'll add another one!  I found this on Yelp, and it was only 4 miles from my hotel downtown, so I had to try it.  Best tacos I've ever had!  I ordered a chicken flour taco, a beef corn taco, and a chicken lettuce taco, and was served complimentary chips, salsa, and guac, along with bottled costco water, and the check was $5.25!  I ordered different variations of Tacos all 4 times I went, so I can't comment on the rest of the menu, but both friends I brought with me during my later visits loved it as much as I did!. . If you are in Vegas, don't skip this place!!
AMAZING!!!. .  I was referred here by a friend and at first thought "Korean and Mexican?? WEIRD... i dont know"... but my husband and I were in the area and thought why not, lets try it... after my friend had nothing but great things to say about this place. We tried the chimichanga and it was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.... We actually did 1/2 chicken 1/2 beef (have you EVER been to a place that will make a burrito half and half? i havent!) The meat has fantastic flavor. I'm not a beef girl but i'd order a whole plate of their beef - its that good. The chimichanga was HUGE enough for both of us to share it (and my husband also had a beef taco which also was delicious) and we were FULL and it was $11 total with drinks. YOu cant beat that.. . THe service was great. The server was so nice and attentive- you could tell she was the owner. . . The only thing I'd change is their chips they serve. They were burnt, too thick and kind of bland but their salsa is great. And lets face it, i'm fat so I we ate two baskets anyway so they cant be that bad. lol. . All in all, food was delicious, A LOT of food for cheap, great prices, great service great flavor. Hell even my burps taste delicious. Bahaha!
Yelp has never let us down yet. We love the food here..affordable and was enough to fill up our bottomless pit son!
Great food!. You have to try the Fusion Bulgogi Nachos, possibly the best nachos ever! Meat, Mozzarella Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Jalapeno & Spicy Korean Hot Sauce.. . Inexpensive (not cheap), 2 people, 4 dishes (took half of 2 dishes home), drinks (iced tea), tip, $36.
This place is amazing place to go eat. . The portions are huge especially the burritos. I tired the fusion burrito with meat in it  its good . The other highlight of the meal is the complimentary guacamole with the chips . The price for the food is good. they even offer Stevia to sweeten the iced tea. I thought  it was great. Overall this is a must go to restaurant everything is so good you wont regret it.
So lucky to find this place. Go there before DDD discovers it.
Drooooooling. . Totally drooling.  It was everything that I thought it would be.  I wanted to come here for the longest time, but it's so damn far.  . . It's located in a small plaza, but you can't miss it.  You can categorize this spot as a hole in the wall for sure-  You won't miss it.  You can't miss it. . . The fusion is amazing.   Mexican and Korean!!!! are you kidding me?  It's like two of my most favorite food worlds colliding and having a baby.   like a Brangelina baby.  . . My daughter was who knows where on what trip, but this visit consisted of me, my husband, and son.  We love korean food as a family.  Mexican... me and the daughter are pretty much the only ones that will suggest it.   So that being said... here we go.  . . So here's my order:  and don't think i'm a heffer, I did say it's far right?  I had to try EVERYTHING while I could.  So I did.  :P  . They start you off w/ Salsa and Guac-. . Fusion Bulgogi Fries:. Meat, Mozzarella Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Jalapeno & Spicy Korean Hot Sauce-  . DUDE.  yes.  it's ALL of that... and more.   like, I could've just walked out w/ ALL that in my belly... but of course I ordered more.  It's good.  Lots of meat, and a very large plate full.  . . I had 3 tacos!  1 of each! pork, chicken, beef! fusion tacos Dak-gogi tacos-were my fav of the 3 marinated tacos: Flour Tortilla with Lettuce, Pico de Gallo, Sour Cream -- DROOL.  I love tacos.  like, my 5th love.  . . We also had Kim Chee Fried Rice..... YUM!  I make a pretty mean fried rice... so this... is ooooookaaaaaaay....  It's a little oily, but still very yummy. . . You know what, to be honest with you I don't remember what they had... and it doesn't even matter because I requested we go there this night.  And I was very happy.... I think they were too.  ?  Idk. but I was.  and when mommys happy... everyone's happy.
One more five star rating for this great hidden treasure. The fusion portion of the menu was incredible. Owners were very friendly. Prices were reasonable. . . Only down side is the crowd and the parking. With food this good, I understand why those are a problem.
Awesome little hole in the wall, this spot has extremely nice staff working here. This is another reason why I love coming to family own businesses they always seem to know how to take care of their customers. . . Food here is decent in price with an awesome taste that will knock your shoes off. I'm a sucker for yummy food that has kimchi in it and guess what this place decided to do? Yeah some genius here thought it'd be a good idea to put kimchi in their fried rice and WOW was it awesome. Kimchi fried rice with some of that nicely tasting marinated meat all bunched up in the fried rice.....I hate for those of you guys that can only imagine this tasty food and can't have a chance to eat it. If you're definitely in the area, I really really suggest you come to this spot and try it out, if you like Korean food, then this place is a must. They also have some Mexican food as well, but if you come here I suggest you try the fusion side of the menu. You simply can't go wrong with KO-rean food fused with MEX-ican food. KOMEX you guys rock. Having friendly staff as well, makes this place that much better. I really wish they would have a place like this is the Bay Area instead of those cheap imitations.. . On top of the fried rice, we also ordered the bul go gi burrito, I believe that was what it was called. It was just like the fried rice, but all wrapped up in a burrito. Another thing that was good here was their fried wonton, which were pretty much ground beef wrapped into a wonton (this item is free if you check in from yelp). I almost forgot that we also ordered the bul go gi fries. Just as the others were good, the fries were just as good. All these things were too good to be true and I highly recommend any one of these.. . When coming here please beware, that your tastebuds will go nuts after eating here, making you want to come back for more. It just sucks that I live 9 hours from this place and I can only get it when I'm in Vegas.. . I WILLLLLL BE BACK FOR MORE KOMEX!
Well, if the Yelp reviews of this place are anything to sniff at, I knew that a treat was sure to follow after reading the mouth-watering descriptions of the Mexican/Korean fusion. Normally, I'm not sure this sounds like such a good combination, but somehow they pull it off. Boy do they ever!. . I ordered the Bulgogi fusion beef burrito and fusion chicken Bulgogi tacos. Both were excellent, but the chicken tacos were unreal once you sprinkle it with some hot sauce. The spices they put on the meat just make it explode in your mouth. Each taco is small, so order three or four. You won't regret it!. . The order was served with free chips salsa and guacamole. If you check-in with the Yelp! mobile app, you'll get four handmade (on site!) wontons on the house. A small orange for desert and a couple of fortune cookies and you're on your way. Despite not being busy, the order took a while to fill, but is totally worth the wait.. . Certifiable mouth explosions!
Komex was amazing. I went with my family and bf and we all ordered different things. We got the Kim chee fried rice, Mongolian beef, bulgogi fries and fusion burrito. All of which were amazing, the best Mongolian beef ever. The bulgogi fries was so amazing that we came back the next day only to find out that they are closed on mondays. Try this place!!!!!
Went around 6pm and the place was nearly full. Took a little long to have my order taken but I wasn't complaining because they had a sign that explained it wasn't fast food and everything was made to order so be patient. After tasting the food it was well worth a little extra waiting time.. . The chips with salsa and guacamole were the best I've had in Vegas. I really wanted to get full on those alone. Up next we had the Bulgogi nachos and they didn't disappoint either. Stacked high and covered in cheese and beef I was digging in elbow deep. Most places skimp you with barely enough toppings for a big pile of chips but Komex had the perfect 50/50 toppings to chip ratio. I had the bulgogi burrito and my roomie had the bulgogi chimichanga. Both were pretty darn good. The bulgogi was super tender and extremely flavorful and all the fresh ingredients stuffed inside really sent my taste buds for a wild ride. I wish the rice inside the burrito would of had a little more texture to it but once again that's easily overlooked in the grand scheme of things. After our meal our waitress(owner?) bought out some orange slices which I thought was really cool and a nice way to finish off a meal. The server was really busy but always had a smile on her face and made small talk with everyone to create a cozy feel within the restaurant which will have me coming back weekly.. . TLDR: Amazing food, great service considering one lady was doing the entire front of house. Price was 21$ for two apps and two entrees which is pretty great at this quality level. Be patient because their food is worth the wait.
KoMex is yummy and fresh. KoMex is cheap. They had great service when I went here. So in my book, KoMex is awesome :). . They're known for their tacos, which is what they recommend I try first. Your choice of Korean-style chicken, bulgogi beef, or spicy pork. With corn tortillas, $1.29. With flour tortillas, $1.99 each. . They have some traditional Mexican and Korean dishes you can order, but I think the popular items were all on the left-side of the menu, basically Asian- style tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc. . . I ordered three tacos, trying each meat. Delicious! I'm looking forward to going back :)
The food here is HIGHLY ADDICTIVE! Service, prices & portion size are outstanding! My favorite is the Fusion Bulgogi Tostada, Calamari Tacos & Carne Asada Fries (the best in town) but everything is Good! Talk about flavor & deliciousness! If you want a change from the typical foods, you must go here!
Took the 15 y/o last Saturday. Made up some story for the better half that we had to go Mom's day shopping. . . My bulgogi burrito was wonderful and huge and tasty and huge and perfect and huge.. . We split an order of musubi. The kid loves musubi! I'm finally starting to come around to the idea that he might be mine after all.. . The kid got the the bulgogi cheesesteak. Bulgogi + melted cheese+ peppers and onions = YES! I swear he tried to bite me when I reach over to get a taste.. . Thanks Komex! You're the best! . . P.S. Still waiting the the SW joint
i enjoyed my mongolian beef - very sweet!. . I went one monday... closed. And again yesterday.. closed! ah duh! obviously , they are closed on mondays.... but its just so odd!
Yum! I love their bulgogi tacos! The extra stuff they put on top is excellent and the meat (while a little greasy) tastes great. The staff is always really friendly. This 5-star  rating is based 100% on their food, because the booths are really uncomfortable.
Korean food -Yes! Mexican food- Good!  KoMex combines them both --Are you freakin' kidding me? Although this is not in the best of neighborhoods, you need to go now! No really -- GO NOW! . . The bulgogi nachos are fantastic! Piled high with Mozzarella cheese and tasty beef, these nachos are big enough for two to share. The nachos come with a hot sauce that is absolutely amazing. At first, it looked like it might be too spicy, but then out of nowhere it hits you upside the head with a sweet kick. I also tried Jim's bulgogi fried rice- WOW! Could be the best thing I ever ate -- at least top 3. Strangely addicting, this fried rice doesn't come with the previously mentioned hot sauce-but go ahead and add some. . . For a party of 5, we spent about 40 dollars and had leftovers to take home. I seriously wonder how they could charge so little for food this good. I have told at least 10 people about this restaurant in the last week-I can't stop!
This is the first time I have ever had a fusion taco. I have seen them all over tv. This was worth it. I spent less than $6 bucks for 4 tacos, chips and salsa with guac on the side, and a bottle of water. They are short staffed, but the person waiting on was so nice and was worth the wait. Where do they get their oranges they serve at the end of the meal? It was sweet and the best thing to end your meal with, light and refreshing.
Great food, great prices, great service, great hospitality. . I ordered the beef bulgogi burrito with kimche and it was great, and those two red sauces are amazing!. . You can't beat the prices here, they really hook it up.
Love the food here!  Bulgogi fried rice is bomb!  Here's a tip- if you're ordering take out, make sure you order on the phone.  it takes a while if you're ordering to go and waiting at the restaurant.  but i suppose its well worth the wait!
Amazing. i have eaten there 6 times in the past 4 weeks. just can't get enough of the food.
A hidden gem amongst the bright lights and big, expensive city of Las Vegas! This was something I've never tried before... Korean/Mexican fusion? What? You've got to be kidding, right? Nope! And I'm glad others reviews helped to steer us to this WONDERFUL place during our stay in Vegas. I could only wish that we had found it sooner! . . I had the fusion tacos -  Bulgogi beef. $1.29 each.... and worth twice that! They state they're small... but, these pack a mega punch! Soft flavorful beef....the sweet cabbage... the tasty corn tortilla... HEAVEN.. . My hubby also enjoyed his meal. He went with the 2 meat combo plate. Bulgogi beef and Dak-gogi chicken. He was only sad that he couldn't finish it all! (and we had no place to heat it up and store it for leftovers in our hotel :(  super sad).. . And the fried wontons? A definite must! Try them! I mean, they're only a dollar for goodness sakes!. . We came out of there content and stuffed! And, our bill only came to around $20 for everything! (including our passion fruit mango iced teas! yum!). . Last, but not least, the people working there were so polite and gave excellent service. Even while visiting at prime lunch time with a packed house!. . I WILL be visiting again the next time I'm in Vegas.
Another consistent meal from KoMex in an city with nothing but restaurants serving inconsistent food.  I would recommend this place to anyone seeking good quality, fresh, home-made foods, ran by friendly and dedicated professionals (owners).  The staff are warm and friendly, the food is very reasonable, and they're consistent every time!  Anything with their Bulgogi Beef, whether it's their fries or jim's bulgogi fried rice....it's all good.  Their Tostada's are also awesome due to their asian twist.
Thank goodness for yelp - we would have never known about this awesome place!  We read the reviews and went for late lunch after 2pm and it was great, no wait!  The server said they had a crazy lunch hours where people had to wait hours in the parking lot!
Great food, great service and low prices. What else can you ask for. One of the best places in Vegas. Everything we ordered tasted great even the kids loved it.
Korean and Mexican Fusion, huh, you got to be kidding!!! However, it worked for me and for my entourage. We went on May 27, 2012 and were delighted. I'm a vegetarian so for me the vegetarian burrito infused with Kim Chi was a culinary tasteful experience. . . My entourage, loved their choices as well. . . This is a unique, non-fast food original cuisine that is well worth the experience. I will definitely be a repeat customer.  . . In my opinion their prices were too low. They should move to China Town, increase their prices 20% and will still double their business.
I came here with my friend since she was on a budget and we needed a place to eat, she told me this place is super delicious, glad that I went with her, cuz now this place is definitely on my go-to list!. . So far, I have only tried the fusion tacos, in both beef and chicken, I personally like the beef better just because I love bulgogi xD The corn tortillas are small, but with alot of fillings. When I first looked at it, I was like, "How am I supposed to eat this without being messy?", but my friend was like, "You just can't be afraid to get messy." And yeah, it gets messy, but once you take a bite, it's worth the mess :p. . Also, I tried the bulgogi fries, the portion is huge, good enough to share with your friend if you guys are not eating anything else, and the fries... very very very good. I love these kind of fries that have toppings on top, with all the cheese, bulgogi, kimchi, jalapenos, and other ingredients, this fries is a little spicy and a little sweet, just amazing!. . I also tried the Bulgogi Tostado, but I had it when I was like full already after the 2 tacos and a little bit of fries, so I don't remember much from it, and I didn't have much of this dish. All I remember was that the rice was crispy, but a little hard. If I have another chance, I might get this again when I'm not that full.. . I took another friend there, and she ordered the bulgogi burrito, she told me it was good, and after that, she drove all the way down there to get that burrito again, must be really good :). . As for the service, some people complained that the lady was unattentive, but please cut her some slack. That place is packed and she's the only one that's waitressing! When I was there and it was busy, you can tell she tried her best to keep everyone satisfied. I actually thought she is a really good waitress, nice and attentive.
What a surprise! The food was excellent.. Seeing the place from the outside and the plaza brought serious doubts about coming all this way to eat in this place. Boy was it worth it!. Korean-Mexican fusion is something you are not likely to see often, especially in a small place that looks as if it only does take away!. We ordered fusion tacos, fusion burrito, fusion quesadilla and fried rice bulgogi.. The best was the burrito - it was stellar! I would have skipped the quesadilla - in such a place I rather fill my tummy with better things than molten cheese!. Service was extremely nice.
I don't like to write reviews for places that have a lot of reviews already. But this place is deeeeeelicious and I would like to share my thoughts. . . My friends have been telling me about it for awhile, and I had heard about it but I was kind of nervous with the whole Asian/Mexican fusion. It didn't sound too appealing to me. This is a dive, but as I always say, I have found some of the most amazing foodin the most unexpected places. . . I remembered it the other day when we were running errands and my boyfriend didn't sound too excited either after I told him what it was. I assured him that I trusted my friend's opinion and that it had really good reviews on Yelp. . . We had the following - (Mind you, this was only two of us.). Fushion Shrimp Taco . Fushion Daeji gogi Taco. 2 chicken flautas. Fusion Enchilada Plate with shrimp, Bulgogi (Beef), Dak-gogi (Chicken).. They serve chips, salsa and guacamole. All very good. The salsa is awesome. . Oh, as always...a Mexican coke.. This was all $17.00.. . All very amazing. We both LOVED everything. Even the sauces they give you for the food were delicious!.  I went back the NEXT DAY and got the Chow Fettuccine(Thick Noodles with Meat* and Vegetables) with beef. . . ***Warning, they do use a lot of garlic, so expect to be tasting it for awhile after you eat. . . I love this place, and it is one of my new favorites. The prices are AWESOME, service is friendly and very quick. Don't let the idea scare you, it's much better than you can imagine.
I eat here at least once a week, so wanted to update my review.. . Still ordering the lettuce wrap fusion tacos, and an occasional torta or fish taco.. . They hired some new help, and as if this place couldn't get any better, the service is better and the food comes out quicker now.
This is a hidden gem in Las Vegas. It is hard to find unless you know where to look but the search is worth it. It sounds like a strange combination of Mexican and Korean but it makes for some fabulous tastes. The food is cooked fresh and the portion sizes are huge! My wife had the Bulgogi Chimichanga and we couldn't believe how big it was and how great it tasted. I had the Carne Asada and it was very authentic not the typical Tex-Mex style Mexican food that generally gets served. Since everything is made fresh, you can add or take away from any of the dishes. This will definitely be a regular stop for us.
I have been hearing how great this place is.  I'm here to tell you that it lives up to the hype.  The pork bolgogi was really great - super tender meat with just the right amount of seasoning.  My friend ordered the Korean tacos - one chicken and one pork and a fusion burrito. He gave the thumbs up to all of it.  The service was great - very fast for the place being filled to capacity and a line of people waiting outside to get in.  The portions are big and the prices are low. I think the tacos were about $1.29 each. I can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu.  . . Go support this oustanding small business.  You'll be glad that you did!
Went there Saturday night, got the Bulgogi Slider special.  Delicious!!!  Added a Fusion taco on flour tortilla with chicken and kimchi.  Perfect meal to end the night on!  Can't wait to go back.
Soooooooo goooooood!! I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia! From now on when I go to Las Vegas I'm eating here every day...well almost. Super Yummy. I can't get over it!
Excellent!!! Food was very good! And they are super friendly. They checked up on me multiple times and asked me if everything is okay with a smile. I ordered the bulgogi tacos with Kim chee and spicy pork bulgogi with rice. Better than any other fusion place I tried. Will be a regular here from now on.
Despite the shabby appearence, this place has some really fantasic food. I recomend trying the fusion tacos, although I have yet to get something bad from them. And be sure to get an order of wontons for only $1!. . It can sometimes be busy 12-1, for the lunch crowd. But off hours get you the best service, and if you wait for the busy hours, it WILL be worth it.. . I ordered beef fusion tacos on flour this visit, and they are great.
Best tacos in Las Vegas, great price. My favorite place in town!!!
Great food at even better prices..what more can I say.  This will be My new GOTO spot in Vegas!!!!
Believe all the hype , this is the real deal, to legit to quit, money in the bank, and your loan has been approved!   Get anything with Kim Chee and be in heaven.  I dont know how they thought this shtuff up, but its brilliant.  Perfect combo of Mex and Korean.  10star food, takeout for me, but amazing!    TOP PICK IN VEGAS FOR ME!!
Went to this hole in the wall restaurant on a friend's recommendation as well as the superb Yelp rating.  Location is in a strip shopping center and supposedly the interior has been recently updated.  Started off with their fusion bulgogi fries which was very good - covered in cheese and meat.  Followed by their fusion tacos - one of each meat with the bulgogi being my favorite meat.  My wife really enjoyed the fusion burrito with chicken.  The mango/passionfruit unsweetened tea was a bit to sutle for my tastes.  Great food with equally wonderful prices.
WOW, the fried rice is delicious!  A bit oily, but so tasty.  Chips and guac while you wait?  I'm in heaven!
Great food. Thank god I like it spicy. I took some home to some kids not considering the spice level and they said it was too hot. So be mindful of that. I ordered the fusion nachos, burrito, 3 tacos each with a different meat, a lettuce taco with kimchi and vegetarian noodle dish. Because I was traveling, sharing and heard it was cheap. My favorite was the burrito, then the nachos. It was all good but I didn't care for the noodles (just me). The only thing that bugged me was the waitress kept wiping sweat off her brow and I was hoping she was catching all of it. I hope someone recommends her to wear a sweat band like the tennis players do.
this place was really good! i had read a few reviews just to see what to order and my group of 6 had 3 orders of everything they wanted and nothing disappointing!! it was all flavorful. the place looks dingy but dont let that detour you. the owners are VERY courteous and help with any thing they can.. . A MUST GO. off the vegas strip great food!
Everything here is delicious and the prices a very cheap. We saw this place in yelp and I knew I had to have it. The first time there we ordered the fusion tacos and the fusion tostadas which are made with rice patties. Both of these items tasted heavenly and we have definitely been back to that place time and time again. If you are a food fanatic this is the place for you. ENJOY!
Again, this is a great place that serves great food. Since they remodeled, they can seat more people. The food might take a while in the small kitchen but it is worth the wait. I have always had good service here along with good food quality. I HATE when people give places One Star solely based on the service and not the food. I understand the service goes in hand with the food but the food is more important to me. I know these mom and pop places are struggling and it is a hard business to operate just to make a living--give them a break! They are working all the time. I know most of you don't work 80 hours plus a week on your feet. I surely don't and that is why I have respect for these hard working business owners. (replying to the lady Stacey L with a small to go box) There are two sides to a story and unfortunately only one side was told.
In my hometown, there's a food truck called Mogos which is Korean Mexican fusion.  Their burritos are delicious.  When my classmate told me about Komex, I was extremely excited because I don't go back to my hometown often enough to get my Korean Mexican fusion fix.  It's a really small, hole-in-the-wall type of restaurant maybe 6-7 tables at the most.  They don't serve fountain drinks, just bottled beverages. They have a variety of meals on the menu, and I ordered the bulgogi fries & the bulgogi burrito (for my lunch the next day).  The fries were no more than $10 and the burrito was no more than $7, and their portions were HUGE!  Considering how expensive bulgogi usually is, I didn't expect that much meat in my meals, but I am completely satisfied with the portion sizes.  As I mentioned before, I ordered the burrito for my lunch the next day.   I was a little hesitant about that because burritos are not usually good the next day, but I hadn't gone grocery shopping & needed a meal for my 12 hour shift, so I just decided to give it a go.  I'm glad I did, because it was perfectly fine the next day and I really enjoyed my lunch.  . . Not only was the food excellent, the service was as well.  I was greeted & served by an older lady (maybe the owner?) and she was very chipper and professional.  Even though the burritos come with pico de gallo, she always asked if I still wanted it inside the burrito or on the side.  I'm definitely coming back!
Best Mexican in Vegas. Very good quality of food for fraction of the cost.
I love discovering places like this.  KoMex is a no-frills, mom-and-pop operation that is passionate about serving up tasty food.  The real stars of the menu are their Korean fusion meals, where you can eat a blendof Korean bbq style meats with Mexican-style wrappings such as torta, burrito, chimichanga, enchilada, and taco forms.  You can have kimchi included with your meal, which I highly recommend!  My spicy Korean pork burrito was gigantic and filled to the brim with delicious tender pork, fresh pico de gallo, flavorful Mexican rice, onions, kimchi, and lettuce.  The portions here are huge, the service cheerfully excellent, prices are very reasonable, and your meal comes with 4 different salsas for you to add to your meal.  Can't wait to eat here again!
I ordered the weekly special, which were (2) HUGE Calamari Fusion Tacos and my other ordered her favorite, the bulgogi fusion tostada. I can speak for both orders, but I'll stick to my tacos.. . I feel like they were hands down, the best calamari tacos I've ever eaten...not that I've ever had a calamari taco, but these took the place of all of my previous favorite meat-fillers like bulgogi, pork, carnitas, etc.  The calamari was as tender as whitefish with a super crunchy batter that's been seasoned perfectly.  The quality of all the ingredients were superb! I still don't know how they can keep the food and service quality so high and manage consistently low prices.  The owner was kind enough to grace us with her presence for a couple of minutes of friendly conversation; as she is the role model for business owners/operators.. . Bravo!!!
Was introduced to this wonderful place soon after it moved to this location.  Great food!  Korean family style cooking (plates of great food brought to your table) Fusion Mexican entree'sthat combine great ingredients and flavors to provide spicy tasty Taco's, Burrito's and salsa's.  They have renovated the location, removing the space limiting booths and now boast more places to sit and eat this awesome food.. My only issue, they don't do a BiBimBap... Owner says, "everybody does that."  I wish... :-) Because they are close and I know theirs would be great. :-)
This place was awesome!  Definitely a hidden gem in Vegas.  You would need a car to get there unfortunately, but I'm sure its only a matter of time before they end up on the strip somewhere, no doubt they will do very well.  Service was amazing - friendly and fast.  Food was excellet - great quality. Had the Burrito with Kimchi and the Kimchi had a really nice flavor to it.  I Highly recommend it.  Price was surprisingly cheap, but I think that's because its geared more towards the people that live in Vegas, rather than visiting...
My friend Janet and I loved our meal here. The ingredients were fresh and properly prepared The food is distinctive. And it's cheap. What's not to love?. For our meal we both got wontons and I got beef, pork and chicken tacos. We split a beef tostada.. While the chicken and pork were both good, the beef is the star here. And it was fantastic on the fusion tostada. The tostada has great, fresh toppings but instead of a corn or flour tortilla it came on something made out of rice. and the whole rice grains were still visible. I think any trip here should include a fusion tostada.. Janet tried a tofu taco since her husband is a pescetarian and she said it was quite good too. . The only misfire for me was the mango/passionfruit iced tea. I don't get the flavors. Janet got one too and said she liked it.. Service was excellent. They were really hustling. We got there just before the lunch rush.. I would love to come back to KoMex and explore the menu.
Can I get a K? Can I get an O?  Can I get a M?  Can I get E?  Can I get a X?  . What does that spell?  KOMEX!!. . What can I say I, this place has over 300 reviews and almost a 5 star average! Is this place great? Yes! It's better than great!  . . I had a friend recommend this place.  I said, "well I like tacos and kimchi."  Sounds good.  So we walked in this place with high expectations.  Let me tell you this place lived up to the reviews.  I don't always give 5 stars to restaurants.  They have to really blow me away with the food and SERVICE to get it.  We were promptly seated and our waitress was incredible.  I mean I wish other wait staff would just come observe to see how to do this job.  She went over the menu with us and offered suggestions.  We ordered 9 tacos 2 orders of won tons a basket of fries, and a couple drinks.  Our bill was only $16!  This place is incredible!  Street tacos with kimchi on them.  Every time I have an out of town guest we are going here!  You have to try this place out.  They are well aware of Yelp, which every business should be and they live up to the hype.  Cheers!!
I'm back on the Bulgogi Tostada.  The "Fried" rice patty and fresh ingredients really do it for me.  The calamari tacos were awesome as well...again.
Excellent tasty unique tacos at a low price - couldn't ask for more. Gets very busy at lunch - prepare to wait, or try not to go during the 11:30-1:30 window.
Absolutely delicious, both for the vegetarian and the meat lover.  Prices are fantastic. . Will make their dishes with veggies or tofu instead of meats.  Will definately be back.
Excellent food, friendly service & excellent pricing! Family owned & operated, this place is just fantastic!
Great hidden gem of a restaurant!  Who'dathunk that Korean and Mexican cuisine would fuse into awesomeness for your mouth?  I highly recommend getting the beef bulgogi burrito with a side of kimchi.  Be sure to scope out their website for weekly specials.  You get a whole lot of food for what you pay for, which is cheap!  Don't let the location intimidate you; most great places are tucked away in the most unassuming places.
AWESOME! This place is great. I was in Vegas for a couple days and got sick of the strip real quick. We checked this place out because of the great reviews on Yelp. Never would have guessed that it was so good, it's not a looker from the outside... in a strip mall. But, Yelp didn't let us down! I had the bulgogi tacos with kimchi. SO GOOD. The owners are super nice. And there's a newspaper article cut out and framed on the wall describing how this little gem of a restaurant was actually saved by Yelpers. This place is cheap, delicious and definitely worth checking out if you're in Vegas.
we saw this place driving the ice rink.. i was like "what is ko mex". it was in chinese looking writing.. thanks to yelp, i had encountered a little gem!. indeed it was.. we had the bulgogi nachos.  very inventive!. i also had the spicy pork rice tostada.  interesting!  tasted like mom's food with some mexican thrown in.. the prices are cheap cheap cheap!. a good place to eat emotionally and celebrate!
I crave this place when I'm in Vegas! Favorites: Fusion taco, fish taco, shrimp taco & their fried rice combo hits the spot. Home-cooked, savory goodness and my kind of comfort food starting at $1.29...you can't go wrong.  You guys wanna grub...then bring it on at Komex!  Bulgogi (Beef), Dak-gogi (Chicken), Daeji gogi (Pork) it's all good my friend!
Back in Los Angeles, "Kogi" is the heralded as the best Mexican/Korean fusion food especially since they are reported to have first introduced the idea. I don't care who started it or what not, but Komex is far better.. . Owned by a middle-older aged married(?) Korean couple, Komex express offers a variety of fusion made foods rooted from Mexican and Korean style. They not only serve fusion tacos but they also serve the traditional tacos with pastor, asada, and etc. And no this ain't no Roberto's, it's actually legitimate Mexican food that they serve. . . In my first visit, I ordered a pastor taco, asada taco, and bulgogi fries.. . The tacos were nothing special nevertheless, delicious and they are as good as it gets. . . The bulgogi fries were amazing. For those of who you don't know what bulgogi is, it's marinated beef. And in this case, it is cooked and cut to small pieces so that it can be collected when forked upon along with the fries, cilantros, and etc. Oh man were these good. If a half hispanic and half Korean were to have tried these, I'm sure they would have had a identity crisis.. . The only negative thing I would say about this place is the location. It is located right on the border of las vegas and north las vegas, south of the intersection of decatur and washington. I would love forthe owners to move or start up another business more in Spring Valley or the South because that is where they are surely to get more business. . . If you're a biracial with Hispanic and Korean in your blood, be prepared to see a psychologist after trying the bulgogi fries cause that food may confuse you of your ancestrial roots and ethnic identity!
I have now eaten here at least five times more and my five star rating still stands. I still havent dined in, which I would like to do eventually, especially since they remodeled and replaced the booths with tables, chairs, and benches. Oh, and they now have a new server to help the owner who speaks english, which helps things move along! My favorites continue to be the fusion tacos with kimchi. I also love their chicken fried rice, its become a staple now. I'm a big torta fan in general, so I finally tried their fusion torta... Yumm! But I definitely need to order that when I dine in, cuz the bread gets soggy by the time I get to eat it when I do takeout. So in conclusion, I have yet to be dissapointed, and hopefully will never be.
Sweet Wife scouts for a cool restaurant on Yelp and announces, "I want to go to Kotex".. . *Record scratching*. . "Whaat?". . . . There was only one waitress so she was pretty frantic but the tacos were amazing. Deliciously flavorful. And the torta was severed on a perfectly toasted bun. We got one taco in a lettuce wrap instead of a tortilla. That was a fresh, crispy little surprise. The nachos and burrito at the table next to us looked so good that I almost asked for a bite.. . We've got a new must-go in Vegas.. . Now what was the name again? Tampax? Always?
Great hidden spot in Las Vegas!  I come from a Korean and Mexican background so this place was perfect for me.  The Bulgogi, marinated beef, burrito is a all time great and is an automatic go to dish for around $5 and can usually feed you for two meals.  Another recommended item is the Daegi bulgogi, spicy pork, french fries. . .  For those of you that have hit Robertos Tacos late night and enjoyed their super carne asada fries you will love these.  They step it up every week with new specials such as calamari tacos and bulgogi gyros so you never get bored with the menu.  The Korean street tacos blend the tastyness of Korean meats with the ease  of tacos, I recommend ordering a few at the low price of $1.29.  I could go on forever on the best items on the menu so head over and decide for yourself.. . If you have friends that aren't too adventurous or little kids Komex can handle that too.  They offer sliders, french fries and other basics that are just as good.  Because this place is so good and really affordable it can get busy around peak times so don't get frustrated and recognize that if there are tons of people eating there then it must be good.
Excellent! So amazing, ate twice here in three days. And its pretty far from home. Worth it! Bulgogi fried rice (huge!) and the lettuce-wrap tacos - mouth watering right now. Must have! And their signature Korean sauce-on-the-side? Oh, you'll want a few to take home.
NEWS FLASH! THE HYPE IS REAL! I REPEAT, THE HYPE IS REAL!. . %$#@!@#$% . . Sorry, that was me banging my head repeatedly on my laptop keyboard because I am so mad at myself for not going to this place a lot sooner! I couldnt wait to get home to do this review and I hope my keyboard is gonna work long enough for me to finish this!. . I ordered the Bulgogi Beef Burrito and my son ordered the Beef Bulgogi/Spicy Pork combo so we can share. OMG I couldnt make up my mind what to eat so me and my son split both meals.. . The Burrito has the best of both Korean and Mexican worlds! Now I know why they named themselves that. This tasty choice has Meat with Mexican Rice, Green & Brown Onions, Pico de Gallo, Cilantro, Lettuce, Asian (Soy/Sesame base Sauce).. . Service is, let me put it this way, a little slow BUT before you jump to conclusions, you have to understand that they make everything from scratch and if a big party before you put their order in, then that is what is gonna go through first. That's understandable because if you ordered before somebody else, whether big or small, you should get it first right? With that said, I was a little irritated at first, but when my food came out and went straight to my mouth I was mad at myself for being irritated because the food is well worth the wait! I recommend thatyou don't be in a rush to go anywhere else if you plan on eating here and if you can order to go, that's even better because by the time you get there, it should be done.. . With the popularity of this place blowing up, I see one of two things that might happen: Either they open up another place or move to a much BIGGER location or both. The demand is definitely gonna out do the supply sooner or later because on really busy nights you are definitely gonna have to wait a while to get a table.. . Some random info: They are closed Mondays so make sure your cravings don't fall on that day! They have free wifi but I couldnt get my phone to work with it so maybe next time I will ask them. Parking can be a nightmare because they share the same small lot with other tenants. They take all major credit cards but be advised that anything under 10 bucks, you will be charged a service fee so as much as you can, pay with cash for all orders under 10 bucks. Its not Komex's fault. Its just that anytime you have a terminal for accepting cards, the company that processes it charges the business owner for every transaction. So you see its not a ploy for Komex to make more money. It's more like a convenience fee for not carrying cash. . . They don't have a take home menu for the info you need but you can look it up through their website:  www.komexexpress.com . . So with 350+ reviews averaging 4 1/2 stars, what more reasons do you need NOT to go here?
The calamari fusion burrito is amazing!!!  The first calamari I've had that's not like chewing on rubber.  This should be made permanent.  I wish they delivered.
Good food,  good service.. Beef tacos,  kens noodles and a 2 Mexican comes... Great cheap eats... We will return...
OMG KoMex! Korean-Mexican fusion? Genius! KoMex is quite a ways from my house but their food's so good I don't mind driving half way across town for it. The restaurant is a little small and the decor is just regular, but that's not important. The food is what's important. They offer chips with salsa and FRESH guacamole to snack on while you wait for your order. I'm a big fan of carne asada fries so when I tried their bulgogi fries it was just heaven on earth. It is the perfect combination of sweet and spicy. The bulgogi burrito is also very good but I rather prefer their fries. Every one needs to try this place, it's inexpensive and it's just really that good!
Amazing! Who would have thought the fusion would blend together so well! And its fresh and affordable!
Yo KoMex...Dawg...Where have you been all these years i've been living in Vegas?!?!. . I'm not from LA i'm from NorCal so the whole Korean/Mexican fusion never hit me until i started thinking about it and realizing that...holy shit it just might work.... . Would have LOVED to try out more of their fusioned foods but man 4 lettuce wrapped (low-carb) tacos filled me up.. . Went here for a 2nd round taco eating contest UYE. Winner narfed down an amazing 12.5 tacos. TWELVE AND A HALF!!! i was stuffed after 4 and those were low-carb'ed.. . All the meat choices were pretty awesome, if i were to pick a favorite...i would just get them all. Are they a bit on the small side? Sure, they are street style after all but man oh man KoMex doesnt hold back when they stack the toppings on. . . Also love the way they dice up the kimchi so you can get some in every bite. Great stuff.. . Now if only there was a fusion of Horchata...
Mouth-watering, delicious, Korean-Mexican fusion.. . I could make a meal out of their Fusion Bulgogi Nachos (even in its half order size), and their prices are so reasonable you can never turn this place down.. . It's a hole-in-the-wall sort of setting and the water they give you in your cup is from large, gallon, filtered water bottles. AWESOME, considering that Las Vegas' tap water is bad enough to ruin any meal. (IMO). . I have returned to this place numerous times with my boyfriend (who is very hard to please, food wise) and have always had a great experience.. . Their Fusion Tacos are so good! I always opt for the spicy pork. I've also tried the Fusion Burrito, and the sheer size of it even made my boyfriends' mouth drop. . . I love Fusion spots, and this, right here, is the epitome of a fusion flavor explosion!
Great hole in the wall restaurant. Recently remodeled so it fits a lot more guests. Our favorites here are the Bulgogi burrito, tostadas and the tacos. The portions are huge and the prices are cheap!! They're always so welcoming and friendly, this is why we always come back when we crave fusion.
Unique, tasty, variety or flavors, and great value.. . When it comes to bulgogi tacos it doesn't get any better. What? Exactly. These aren't your typical tacos here, they take tacos to another dimension. This family-run gem has an awesome mix of food. Korean-Mexican fusion! Who knew?. . They have a decent sized menu here with Korean food, Chinese food, Mexican, Korean, and of course the fusion. They even have burgers on the menu which my 5 year old son enjoyed.. . Thank you Yelp! I would not have found this place if not for this site. I'm surprised to see anything below 4 stars for this place, but I guess people have different tastes. If you typically like Mexican and Asian cuisines I would recommend this highly. Try something from the fusion menu - it is fantastic!
found this on my last visit and loved it! a bit off the strip, but i will make a point of going there every time im in vegas.
KoMex is great!!!  . . I don't review restaurants much but had to give a shout-out to this wonderful little spot.. Great tasting food at a reasonable price.  You have to appreciate that.. . Unfortunately, this place is 5 hour drive from my home, but will definately stop by next time I'm in Vegas.
Came in for a quick lunch yesterday. The server explained and suggested the menu. I had a pork burrito... it was outstanding. The blend of flavors was, literally, a party in my mouth. And the prices were excellent. I loved it. Definitely going back. SOON!
We were in the mood for Korean and decided on Komex solely based upon its wonderful Yelp reviews. And let me tell you, it was just as good as its awesome Yelp reviews. Nice & accurate work Yelpers!. . I had the seasoned french fries (only $1!) and shrimp quesadillas which were loaded with shrimp. We will definately be back!
So many people gave it good reviews I had to try it. Korean and Mexican Fusion? I had to give it a shot. I was in the mood for tacos. I took one of each. For 1.69$ why not? So Bulgogi, Dak-Gogi and Daeji-Gogi. Bulgogi hit the spot, and I was surprised by the Daeji-Gogi (Spicy Pork) that was great. The blend of flavors made it a great taco. Something that I definitely have never had before. This place got it right in all sorts of levels. I am going back to try the bulgogi burrito. Its cheap, fast, and such great quality. A Hole-in-the wall place, in a not so-busy shopping center, thank god for yelp or I would have never known about this place.
Unexpected flavors at an unassuming place! I am definitely glad I went out my way to come and try Komex. This 'hole in the wall' offers a unique blend of flavors and textures and delivers foods sure to please (and surprise) your taste buds. . . Not only is the food awesome, but the service is amazing.  The lady who took care of me today (the owner I'd assume) greeted me with a smile and, being my first time, was welcoming and recommended some amazing dishes. . . I tried the bulgogi, pork and shrimp tacos and they were all very good. In fact, I got a second shrimp taco due to its amazing flavor. I also ordered fried pork wontons which were freshly fried and the pork was juicy and flavorful. Do yourself a favor and come try this place.
The first time I went to KoMex, I thought maybe I made a mistake. The area and the exterior looked kind of iffy but when I got inside, it was packed!  So, I decided to stay and a friendly hostess showed me to my table.  I had the bulgogi, daeji and dak gogi tacos plus a side of bulgogi fries.  They were all flavorful.  The bulgogi fries can feed 2 very hungry peeps.  Imagine a pile of crispy golden fries topped with melted cheese, jalapenos, hot sauce and bulgogi...sweet, savory, spicy all in one. YUUUUMMMM!!!  . . My next visits, I tried the calamari tacos (tender calamari, lightly breaded) and my KoMex favorite: bulgogi chimichanga.  It's incredibly cheesy, crispy, meaty and tasty.  It may be a bit oily but it's alright.  Just thinking about it is making me hungry.. . Great service, amazing food at very affordable prices.  You get chips, salsa and guac for free.  At the end of your meal, you get fortune cookies and sliced oranges speared with little plastic swords.  It's Korean, it's Mexican...it's KoMex!!!
When I first saw that KoMex was opening I had recently had my fill of Korean/Mexican fusion on some trips to LA and didn't think highly enough of the area KoMex is in to want to run out and try if...my bad!  After reading some reviews on Yelp I went to try it out and it is absolutely wonderful.  I have gone a few times now with friends each time so that we could share and I love all the fusion items! . . Come here with someone else, share a larger item like a burrito, chimichanga, tostada, or enchiladas (whatever you normally would get at a Mexican place) and then have a few tacos for yourself!. . The prices here are amazing...especially for the portions!. . I also need to give some love to the fish taco.  Not a fusion dish like the others I mentioned on the review, but incredible!    They also have a menu full of non fusion items...but I have not tried them...I asked the waitress what I needed to try and she went right to pointing out the fusion items.. . The beef and the pork hold the Korean marinades the best!
I love rice and ate some many different forms of it during my life time. Komex has one of the best rices i have ever tasted. Reasonable prices is a plus too..
This is now my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas if we have friends and family with us!!!  Whenever we have a big group with us, we just call earlier in the day.  Fortunately, they've been able to take us everytime!!!  The customer service is fantastic and the food comes out quickly even though they have been very busy each time we go there!. . It's located a long way from the strip, especially if there is traffic, but it is so worth the trip!!  So far, all our family and friends have been very happy with the food they've had at KoMex.  Personally, my favorite thing on the menu is the Fusion Bulgogi Nachos!!!  If you are a nachos fan, then you have got to try this item!!  It is the best nachos that I have had anywhere!!  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!  . . It doesn't look like much from the outside, but you have got to give this place a try!!  You won't be disappointed!!  Another positive about KoMex is that it is inexpensive and they give generous portions!!  Even the leftovers are yummy!
I have been here a few times and have always loved it!  The food is fantastic, Korean Mexican Fusion!  The spices and seasonings blend so well together, the prices are great and I always leave satisfied!
Where is the 10 star rating????. . I have been to komex but none of my friends have, because we do not live around there. BUT it IS so worth the drive!!! I took my friend after a day of shopping. I think she was a little freaked out by the sketchy hood. I ordered a bunch of different things to share. Wonton soup, flautas, musubi, tacos, fish tacos and a torta to go for hubby. All that plus tax and tip was $40.  Sooooo much food!!!! It was ALL fantastic.. . Besides the TERRIFIC food, I like that you can get a variety of different things. I had never had musubi, cuz I hate spam, but it was good. But then I am able to get the Mexi food that hubby so loves. It is PERFECT! I wish I lived closer, LOL.
I would like to thank all my Yelpmates for their wonderful reviews. If it wasn't for them I would have  no clue about this place. You know who you guys are your all on my Yelp friends list who have reviewed KoMex. You guys ROCK!. . So I woke up today around 4:00pm, still a bit jet lagged from my Asia trip, and iwas craving Asian food, but something different than my usual eats.. . So I decided to finally check out KoMex. I was a bit reluctant to go because it is so freaking far from where I live. I checked out google maps and it told me it was going to take me 30 minutes to get there.. . I decided to go anyways and give it a whirl. I texted my roommates and they too wanted to go with me.. . About 25 minutes later we finally reached KoMex located on Decatur in small plaza. ( I must say DAMN! they need to open one in Henderson). . The location is a bit far but i must say i do not regret going. The HYPE about this place is true! This place is awesome!. . I ordered the Bulgogi Taco and the Pork Taco which were cheap only $1.29 each.  Both tacos were to die for! They were a perfect size too!. . We also decided to try the Bulgogi Nachos for $7.99. This nachos is not your typical nachos. The chips itself even taste way better than your average mexican restaurant chips and their salsa and cheese are way awesome too. The nachos was so good i highly recommend this dish while over there.. . So since this place was far i decided to order more food. I figured hey might as well, I don't finish it at least I have leftovers for a midnight snack or breakfast tomorrow. So i deicded to order the Kimchi fried rice with beef. I must say it was orgasmic! I'm normally not a fan of Kimchi, because it's too spicy for me. But who cares after eating KoMex's  nachos.. . Overall i give this place a  5 star. Good food! Very cheap! and friendly staff.. .  I am looking forward to try the Bulgogi Fries on my next visit. Try now! Komex will give you the ultimate FUSION experience between Korean and Mexican!
We drove from Huntington Beach, CA to try the food at KoMex and I have to tell you that the drive was worth it!  Everythingwe order was awesome.  The prices were very reasonable.  The service was wonderful and we got our food quickly.  I highly recommend KoMex Fusion Express!
My husband and his cousin came here a while back, both enjoyed it and recommend it.  So, today, along with my husband, I am here to try it.  . . We start off with the fusion bulgogi fries, half order, which is plenty big.  We have beef, mozzarella cheese, pico de gallo, jalapeno and Korean hot sauce all piled high on top of the fries.  Oh so very good!   These flavors smothered with the fries, well you just have to try them.  . . I  also get a fusion burrito, beef, Korean BBQ style, with Mexican rice, green and brown onions, pico de gallo, cilantro, lettuce, with soy and sesame sauce, all wrapped up in a flour tortilla.  It's big in size and flavor. It was excellent.  . . The food is so good, the mix of both asian and Mexican styles never thought it would be good, but it was surprising how the flavors just work together.  Now I know this is a go too place when craving spice and a bit of "komex".
First time here and surely not the last. We think they serve the best spicy pork tacos. They also make great Bulgogi tacos. The chicken tacos were nice but a bit bland in comparison to the pork or Bulgogi.  Great sliders as well.
KoMex is one of the few places that I felt deserved a review from mesoon after enjoying the amazing food and service.  KoMex is a definitive reason for why YOU should rent a car when visiting Las Vegas and leave the overpriced Strip for amazing food and service.. . I was in Vegas with a group of 12.  We rolled in and without batting an eye, the server smiled at us and seated us quickly.  Her service was attentive and always with a friendly smile and great attitude (even though we were a loud group).. . On to the food!  The highlights of the menu:. . 1) Bulgogi Fusion Taco - So I have had plenty of Korean Tacos, some good and some I threw away right away.  This one was good for one simple reason, it came from a Korean cook.  The bulgogi and slaw were legit and the flavors were amazing!. . 2) Calamari Taco - I will admit, I am a huge sucker for sauces.  Cruising through the menu, I originally was going to get the shrimp taco but saw "special sauce" in the description for the calamari taco and knew I had to get it... and I was not disappointed at all.  The calamari was crisp but not burnt with soft texture and squid flavor beneath the batter.  The sauce was really damn good and enhanced the calamari with a sweet spiciness.  A must try!. . 3) Kimchi Fried Rice w/ Bulgogi - Honestly... do I need to say more?  The kicker of this dish is the fried egg with runny yolk combined with the kimchi.... DROOOLLLL.. . 4) Bulgogi Fries - Cheese. Pico de Gallo. Chips. Kimchi.  Bulgogi.  Fries.  Oh man, the combination of flavors, spiciness, coolness, fries, and other amazingness makes this dish sooo coma-inducingly good.  Try please, for the sake of you future children.. . Oh, and the service, again, is AMAZING!. . Get in a car and try this place now!
Wow! Awesome food and great service! Went out hunting for something different to eat and KoMex was perfect! Great flavor and very inexpensive for what you get. Everything is made fresh and very flavorful! Will defiantly be back! Thank you very much!
Yelp hot spot for sure that actually lived up to it's expectations. The atmosphere is definitely not the best considering the location is in a run down shopping center. Oh well, it's all about the food right? Although on the plus side they did change the tables and chairs since my first visit which was last year. My first time here I tried the fusion burrito with chicken, pretty delicious I must say and wayy cheap too about $5ish. A little on the spicy side, but most chicken dishes that are Mexican are typically spicy to begin with. Most people like the heat, but for me I definitely drank all my water before finishing the burrito. My second time I came in a huge group with 20+ during lunch on a Sunday. Fortunately they had an area that was reserved, I don't know who it was for, but they obviously had to seat us there since there was no where else. The service was really good considering how big our group was and they accommodated all of us having separate checks. I had the bolgogi fries, which I had high hopes for and it was good but was missing the "fresh factor."  I don't think I would order this again and stick the basics next time I come.
Loved the Bulgogi Burrito!  Huge, Tasty, Cheap :)
Thanks fellow Yelpers!. . This restaurant was FABULOUS!  I had a helluva time finding the place, since I'd never been in the neighborhood before and didn't think to remember the exact address.. . Here's what I got for less than $7:. ---  Complimentary chips, salsa, and guacamole(!). ---  Two fusion tacos - one beef and one pork.  Both with kimchi and their super hot sauce.  These had so much stuff on them that I had to eat them with a knife and fork.  I know, bad form on my part.  . ---  One fish taco. ---  A complimentary dessert - a sectioned orange with a toothpick.  Cute!. ---  One can of Diet Coke. . A portly (stout?) (rotund?) (pleasantly plump?) lady was sitting near me.  She ordered FOUR TACOS, stuffed her napkin down her shirt, picked up a taco, and WENT TO TOWN!!!  Sauce was running down both herarms and she was dropping some serious food.  It was a sight to behold.  . . One of my friends (a fat guy) once told me, "If you're a fat guy, the food never hits the ground first."   But I digress.. . They need to charge more!  I told the Asian lady (the owner?) this when she brought my bill.. . The space is small and it's out of the way for tourists like me.  But WOW, the food is OUTSTANDING!
The food here is absolutely amazing and very reasonably priced.  The nachos are a must have.  Don't be put off by the location and/or setting of the restaurant, this is the "hole in the wall" place.  Worth the drive and trying to find a parking spot.  Just be advised that they are not open on Monday.
The food is GREAT!!!. . I've just moved to LV , and I try to find good food is this town .. and this is one of them.. . It was worth the drive from Summerlin to them. Whole in the wall .. ARE THE BEST!!. . I've had the beef, fish and chicken tacos .... . The beef and fish were to die for, the "fusion" for the beef taco was a great new taste for me, the fish was also great, but the chicken .. for my taste was not so great ...Maybe because I had firstthe beef and fish taco's?? Maybe ..
Fusion tacos (with kimchi), bulgogi sliders, combination fried rice, Korean, Mexican it's all excellent! Cheap prices too!
I absolutely love the food here! My favorite mix and so close to my place. It is a very small restaurant so sometimes you would have to wait in line for a while if you go on the weekends or Fridays, but its definitely worth it.
first time diner at KoMex the food  was awesome especially their  kimchi fried rice and  Korean tacos ...I will definitely come back for more....
I was in the area and decided to see how awesome this place is. I have got to say, the service is outstanding.  I came in during after lunch hours and the place was fairly empty.  So I got served well.  . What I had: I ordered the half order of bulgogi fries and the kimchi fried rice with egg.  When she brought out my fries, the cheese on it was great.  The quality of the cheese is of course better than average because when I pull a few fries out, the cheese actually streches out instead of snapping on instance.  The bulgogi meat in the fries were delicious, not hard as a rock like some places that make terrible carne asada.  Good thing I ordered a half because it was very huge.  The kimchi fried rice was a full size dish.  I have got to say, it was very different.  The flavor was light and not overpowering.  The meat, was of course the same as the fries.. GOOD.  . . I have got say, that the pricing is very decent for the portion.  The service is excellent because when I asked for a togo box, she brought me my box and half an orange already sliced up.  Always nice to have something that's like a dessert.  BONUS.  I noticed they had all the condiments up front (Tapatio, different hot sauces, etc.).  She also brought it out with my fries.  . . I WILL come back, just sadden that it's far out of my way.  Place also accepts AMERICAN EXPRESS!.. Whoo! Parking is might be a drag at certain times since it's a shared lot with other stores.
I'm sold. Excellent value for money.
Be sure to wear a burglar's mask, because once you see the bill, you will feel like you're robbing the place.. . Everything is good. The shrimp and fish tacos are GREAT.. . Three things I haven't seen mentioned:. . First, the absolutely amazing wonton appetizer! It's a buck for four of them with more meat than you've ever seen in a regular ol' wanton. Unbelievably good. Seriously. Whatever combo of meat, spices, and onions they're using is fandamntastic! It's served with Thai sweet chili sauce and a little dab of the chipotle style salsa on top just takes it straight to the stratosphere!. . Get one order per person or you'll end up screaming "MINES!!!!  MY PRECIOUSSSSS! Yous wants to takes it from me!" at your dining companions.. . Next, Mr. B's Ghetto Ramen. Here'sa big bowl of ramen noodles with some egg, onions, and a cut up hot dog in it. It's not a hot dog, though. It's an Asian mildly spicy sausage. My son ordered it and it was too spicy for him, so I took a stab at it after stuffing my face with three tacos.. . could. not. stop. eating. it.. . Lastly, their iced tea rocks. I was pleasantly surprised to see Stevia in the Raw offered as their non-sugar sweetener.. . . The lady who owns the place is an absolute sweetheart! She's asking everyone where they live so they can consider another location. You will feel good supporting this family business.
I would like to take the chef of KoMex home with me. Not because I met him and found him extremely attractive, but because I would like to wake up to the food everyday.. . For starters, they serve these amazing, fresh, melt-in-your-mouth chips. Which are accompanied by salsa and guacamole. .  . Calamari tacos are seriously unbelievable. Definitely worth leaving your boyfriend for. I'm kidding. No I'm not. . . Shrimp Fried Rice...If I didn't have an employer that made me sign a contract stating I'd maintain my weight and live a healthy lifestyle...I'd eat it everyday. Totally worth getting fat for.
Another fantastic lunch at KoMex!  We had the bulgolgi tacos with KimChi, chicken fettucine, and bulgolgi fusion burrito. Service was prompt.  I watched as the waitress served everyone in the room and made sure to refill our water before we needed to ask.  Always worth a star for me!  Great experience!  Alot of regulars there which is always a great sign..  YUMM!
Wow! Here visiting the kiddos in Vegas and used Yelp to find something different to try this trip!!!  REALLY glad we did.  Drove from N Vegas, had to kill an hour before they opened at 11:30....SOOOOO WORTH THE WAIT!  Had the Bulgogi Nachos, wantons, street tacos and Marks Fav noodle dish with all 3 meats....everyone was SOOOO pleased with their selection!!  WE WILL be back, and the kids said they found it so worth the drive !!!  5 new fans for sure!
I have been twice!!! I am systematically working my way through their menu!!! Just love everything about this restaurant, love the family environment.... keep it going
Good flavors, cheap prices, huge portions. What else do you need?. . There's really not a lot to criticize at the prices are their food is offered at. When you pay 7 dollars for an entree, you generally don't expect that your food is going to be particularly special. However, they've got the fusion thing down here.. . Korean food and Mexican foods go surprisingly well together - though it is hardly a secret anymore. My buddy and I tried out three dishes.. . 1. Bulgogi Burrito with kimchee. 2. Bulgogi Nachos. 3. Enchilada Plate with spicy pork. . We were poorly prepared for the portion sizes. We could easily have taken 2/3 of every plate home, but we stuffed our faces full of the delicious food. The nachos in particularly are strikingly large in volume, and would require a number of people to down it as an appetizer. A half order would have been better... but hey, it's only $2 more for a full sized leftover!
Yup, worth every star! Thank you fellow yelpers! The shrimp tacos- my fav!!!
You come across a place called "KoMex fusion"....Dazed? Confused? Mystified? Let me clear this up for you, KoMex fusion is Korean, Mexican, Chinese and American food all smashed together. Not clear enough? Well, then it is what everyone says it is, freakin awesome. It's quite a trek from the strip, so be prepared to hop on the freeway, but trust me, you will save much more money on food so the extra gas will be more than paid for. My family of four tried many different dishes, we all ordered drinks and our bill was $20. I'm not even joking. The problems with KoMex is that it is not in the best area and it is super small. There is often a line out the door. I suggest you go at off times, try everything and tip heavy (they work their butts off here).
absolutely amazing.  bulgolgi nachos, tacos, and tostadas and all we ate was amazing.  ownership is super nice.  they have dialed this in.
BELIEVE THE HYPE.. . It's a small place, with no fountain drinks (they have cans), in a neighborhood that is questionable and none of it matters. There could be bears in the bushes, snipers on the rooftop and landmines through the parking lot and it'd still be worth it here.. . What's good? Everything. What's cheap? Everything. The sauces make amazing food better. . . Get this food to go (call ahead, it takes a little bit) and then drive to Tenaya Creek Brewery for Amazing beer. YOU MUST DO THIS. I want to go back right now.
WHO: To all of you Korean food wrapped in tortilla goodness lovers!. . WHEN: I'm not too sure when they open, but I do know they close at 9pm.. . WHERE: North Decatur, sooooo far but soooo good! =/. . WHAT: It all began one night at about 8pm. My friend and I were thinking of a new food place to try. This one suddenly popped in my head (not knowing where it was even located), I called to see if they were still open, turned on GPS, and then realized how far we were supposed to travel (we were coming from the Southwest side of town)... We ended up getting there around 840pm.. I pretty much felt bad bec I saw they were closing and 9pm... Yes, I was that customer... lol. . When we entered, there was a Korean lady who greeted us (I think she was one of the owners). I appologized about coming in and ordering super late. She said it was just fine, with a smile! =) We then looked through the menu, and I wanted everything!! She helped us choose and we ended up getting.... . -The Fusion burrito: which consisted of spicy pork & kimchi wrapped in a burrito. Sooooo good. -Pork belly musubi: which was the special going on at the moment. Sooooo good!!. . We were then greeted happily & we went on our merry ways... I love that place! I need to go back ASAP. Like NOW!!
Wow! Delicious Food, Great Service & Unbelieveable Prices! . . Saw that it was listed as one of the top 5 restaurants being reviewed on Yelp so I had to check it out. . . In a very non-descript strip mall, I found it tucked in the corner, but knew it was a winner by the parking and the people going in and out. . . Walked in and was immediately greeted. After I was seated fresh chips with some of the best salsa I have ever tasted along with guacamole were brought to the table, complimentary! . . They have a menu that takes your mouth around the world with a variety of foods - Korean, Mexican, Chinese & American. . . I had read about the wontons being delicious with a lot of meat, not just a pea size bite. That's right - crispy, hot wonton wrapped around a meatball size of flavor meat, served with a sweet chili sauce. . . The server was extremely friendly and explained to me any of the questions I had about the food. I order 2 of the bulgogi lettuce wraps! It is 30 cents more than the tacos, but who cares when they are still less than $2. . . Lots of layers of flavor in the wraps. Tender, seasoned meat topped with pickled vegetables, YUM. They then give you 3 different hot sauces you can the top them off . . . The table next to me ordered Kim-chee Rice which I will have to get next time when I am with a group of friends. A huge plate of fried rice, topped with a fried egg! . . Along with a drink, my total bill was $8.09. Unbelievable ! . I can't wait to go back and try something else! . If you check it out, your tummy will be happy, and so will your wallet!
Very good. Nice flavors. Fresh ingredients. Believe the hype.
Basically, it's me in a taco.
Yay... Try this place in vegas
Korean Mexican fusion? The uniqueness of the combination and the reviews had me convinced I had to try it and glad I did. The portions were generous and flavoring was bold and unique.. . My bf and I had:. 1) Bulgogi Fusion Burrito. 2) Bulgogi fries. 3) 2 meat combo plate (spicy pork and bulgogi). . The fusion burrito was scrumptious and very flavorful as was the meats on the combo plate. The fries were a little sweet (b/c the flavoring of the bulgogi meat) so it wasn't exactly my cup of tea, but the other two dishes alone were enough to give this place 5 stars!! If I lived in Vegas, I'd totally come back and try everything on their menu!!
I would highly recommend this to place to all of the fusion lovers out there! . . Variety. Not only do they have fusion menu that combines Korean and Mexican, but they have separate sections of just Mexican, Asian, and American.. . Price. All the items are reasonably priced!  Tacos at 1.65 and entrees about 5-8 bucks!  All three of us ate for 16 bucks!. . Menu. If you dine there, they give you free chips, salsa, and guacamole.  I ordered the bulgolgi taco and the pork taco with kimchi on it.  They were pretty hefty tacos for what you pay for them.  We also got the 5 friend wontons for 1.50.. . I can't wait to go back so I can try the other items on the menu!
Read the other reviews, believe what you read here and just go, you will not regret it. Very friendly, good food and inexpensive. We need to support these kinds of great businesses that are such value and will be missed if they don't stick around. Go, eat, enjoy, come back again ya hear!
Cheap. Tasty. I drive across the valley for this place. Its my favorite.
Why the change in stars?  I think the food got better than the last time I was here...maybe it is in my head...dunno.. . Either way, I ordered the bulgogi fries again, but this time without the kim chi.  I love kim chi, but these were WAY better without the KC.... . Went with a bulgogi burrito...WAY better than the tacos IMO.  I had a few tacos this time, as well as remembering last time, and it is way better in the burrito fashion to me.. . I also tried some fish tacos...the regular fish taco was ok, not bad at all, but I prob won't order it again.  However, the calamari taco comes with a different sauce, and it was super good.  Very tender meat, and the sauce pulls it all together.  Bravo!. . I'll be back again :)
Just left Komex, first time there.  The place is great, value, good people and most of all good food.  You can not eat ambiance.  Had the burrito, saw other dishes and they looked great also.  All the customers were happy.  Will go back when I am in Vegas again.
Great price. Fresh. Big portion. Yummy food
Great service and grub!! I love the tacos with kimchi
My hubby and I loved this place. The bulgogi fried rice was awesome.  Since we moved to the area we have been searching for good beef bulgogi.  We finally found it here.   The tacos, burritos and fries were also fantastic.  It is definitely worth the trip to that part of town.  We will be back many, many times.
Straight out of the car from Salt Lake City. We didn't stop at the hotel. We didn't drive the strip. We set the GPS coordinates for Komex and as road-weary travelers, peeled ourselves out of the car and ambled in to the restaurant.. . We don't get much (read:any) Korean-Mexican fusion in Salt Lake, so I was really looking forward to seeing what exactly it was. The food around us smelled terrific, and after eating right for days on end, it was time to splurge. Spend those calories!. . So what does a fella order when he wants to taste around? The bulgogi burrito, of course. Oh, and then a couple of tacos as an add-on to taste the other meats. One dak-gogi and one daeji-gogi, just to be safe. . . It wasn't pretty the way I unhinged my jaw and swallowed that whole burrito. But it wa oh-so-delicious. The side of kimchi made all the difference in the world, too. Beautiful, baby! And the tacos were tasty as well. I favored the pork over the chicken, but really--it was all unique and bursting with new flavors.. . I also got to sample the vegetarian noodles which had a slightly smoky flavor and were served in an approximate 47lb. mound. Portions are generous here, and there's plenty o' bang for not hardly a buck.
So goooood
Food is amazing, awesome portions, great service and cheap prices. What more can one ask for?  Make sure you try anything fusion and try the wontons (tucked away on the back page) - they are homemade!
Great serivce quality and price.
Tried this place for the first time today. I tried the 2 meat combo platter. Had the  Bulgogi (Beef) &  Daeji gogi (Spicy Pork) with steamed rice. DELISH !!!. Will definitely be back.
This place is BOMB! I crave it daily. You must try the bulgogi taco with kimchi and the kimchi fried rice. Both are excellent. You have to ask for kimchi on the taco.
Love this place!. Great food!. Great service!. . They give you chips and dip while you are waiting for you food. It's a very small place. Prices are very reasonable. Staff is very friendly. It's literally great because it is something I have never tried in Vegas. It is one of a kind!
My favorite fusion restaurant. The pricing is great, food tastes phenomenal!!. . Here are my favorites:. . Fusion Taco. Fusion Enchilada. Jim's Bulgogi Fried Rice. Fusion Torta. . I do not recommend the quesadilla, it was too heavy with cheese for me.. . One of my favorite restaurant to take friends that are visiting Las Vegas. Every single one of my friends loved it, even with me hyping up the food so much
Ohmygosh. That bulgogi chimichanga??! Incredible. I wish I had not discovered that. It's way better than it has a right to be. Now I crave it. Tried to save half for another meal. Couldn't do it! Get in my belly! (mouth is watering, dammit!)
After a few months have passed by I feel the need to update.. at first I was like hmm.. it's good but lacks the flavor of a TRADITIONAL burrito. This is anything but.. and I've cravings for this delicious burrito time and time again. It's perfect for one of those times where you're like, "Should I get Korean or Mexican?.." with KoMex you can have BOTH!
I have actually been to this place over 9 times this year. I actually FOUND it on YELP! Why I haven't done a review?? Idk This place...LLLOOOORRRRDDD this PLACE! I am not a fan of change so FUSION to me is like...DEATH! When I walked into this small quaint place I just assumed that I would have a taco or two and keep going along with my day. WRONG..WRONG..WRONG. My 1st visit I just got every taco they had. PORK,BEEF, CHICKEN, SHRIMP, FISH...they all were great!My favorite however was the beef and pork..The food is always FRESH AND and hot! Not to mention how quickly it comes out.Then the BONUS of the chips, salsa AND GUACAMOLE while you wait?? Whose heard of FREE GUACAMOLE??? I have taken everyone I know to this place, locals and family and friends from California. ALL of them...ALL have loved this place! My friend got their nachos and literally ate until her stomach hurt! It's unbelievable how cheap this place is too! I never spend over $10. LOVE THIS PLACE!!
I had heard and read about this place for months before finally stopping in for a quick dinner with friends last night. The hype is strong and that kind of anticipation can often lead to dissapointment. Not this meal..  We arrived seperately so two of us were seated and I quickly chose to try a both a bugogi beef and spicy pork fusion taco as an appetizer and get an idea of what I REALLY wanted to order. Both tacos were fantastic...Everything a great taco should be- fresh, doubled up tortillas, a generous pertion of meat and garnished wonderfully with some fresh pico, cilantro a few strands of cris cabbage and limes. Also there was a slight tang of vinegar like acidity at the end I loved. .  When I saw the Fusion Fries on the menu my eyes burned laser holes thru that section of the menu, only question was which of these well prepared meats would I choose. Being a risk taker by nature I inquired about the possibility of both meats but was denied by a level headed chef who probably knew better. I went with the beef and was not dissapointed. My only reservation with this dish was the fact that the shoestring fries were no match for the mountain of goodness blanketed lovingly over them. Might go with the nachos next time which my friends ordered and were anchored by the same sturdy homeade tortilla chips that were presented to us free of charge on arrival. Delicious..  Service was very good, especially considering we had people staggering into our table at different times and seperate checks. Extremely humble spot, but clean and comfortable..  I was on the fence between 4 and 5 stars but the prices are ridiculously low and the fact that they're bringing something different that is also family run AND homeade to a part of town that needs it? Home run.
Excellent cheap eats. The bulgogi fusion flautas are an absolute must! Get there before noon during the week or you might have to wait for a table.
Love this place!! One of my favorites! Service is always great!. . Food is delicious, a few of my favorites are: fusion torta with spicy pork, the pulled pork sliders, the bulgogi nachos and the kimchi fried rice. . . I can never get enough of Komex!!. . PS: their homemade hot sauce is a must try!
I could not believe there was such a fusion out there. It's a very small restaurant but comfortable. The ladies there are very nice but when busy is hard for them to keep up with their customers. The good is amazing. I had the burrito... I will never forget how amazing it was. We also had some tacos and they made good for our son since they didn't have a kids menu. Great overall. You have to try it!
Wow!. . A restaurant trifecta! Good service, good food, original idea.. . First, the service. Our waitress was extremely nice and very efficient. I always appreciate friendly service and good recommendations.. . Second, an enormous quantity of tasty food. We could have ordered half as much and been completely sated.. . Finally, this fusion trend is not new but when it's done right, you know it. The spicy pork torta with jalapenos, lettuce, tomato and kimchi, and the beef burrito with kimchi on the side were full of flavor.
In my head, the fusion of Mexican & Korean didn't quite click, but was I ever wrong!  This food is fabulous, and we will definitely go back when back in the area.. We had a fish taco, a calamari taco, and the Bulgogi Nachos - oh my!
this fusion spot is so delicious.  if you like korean and mexican, you can't go wrong.  the bulgolgi burrito was so yummy and also very big.  my husband and i shared.  definitely try it out!
I had the carne asada Ko-Mex fusion burrito and it was awesome! Along with it the chips & salsa were good and my waitress was great too! If I didn't live so far away we'd be eating here all the time. If you're in the area, stop in, have a bite and keep this place going.
Let me just start out by saying, this place is awesome!  It was packed on a Saturday night when we arrived.  We had to wait a bit to be seated, but we didn't care after tasting what we had waited for.  My table and I went crazy for Bulgogi since this is what you should do when trying Korean/Mexican/Chinese/American fusion (phew!)  We ordered the Bulgogi fusion tacos, the Bulgogi fusion burrito, and the Bulgogi fries.  After seeing pictures of those fries and living in San Diego for years where carne asada fries are like crack, I couldn't resist.  Everything was delicious!  The tacos were cheap and had great flavor.  We ordered kimchi on the side which was a nice accompaniment.  The burrito used similar ingredients but could definitely fill you for days.  The fries came out on a huge plate and we could barely make a dent in them, although we did try our best.  The server was very attentive and friendly.  Plus, she didn't stare in disgust as we sat before this mountain of food, which was much appreciated.  I will definitely be back Komex, but next time I think I will venture onto the Asian side of the menu.
Almost 500 reviews with an average of a near 5 star rating. Pretty impressive.  And tasting their Bulgogi Fried Rice that my husband ordered I can see why. It's the best out of alot of places we've tried. . . I really like how they mince the beef and mix it into the rice. The flavors really were pronounce throughout.  Every spoonful had the perfect balance of meat and rice. Mr. B cleaned up his plate and went up and ordered some to go..so it must've been that good..   . I had the Fusion Tostada which had Bulgogi beef, shredded cabbage, cilantro, pico, that sat on a bed of rice that was crisped and there you go, the foods of Korean and Mexican fused. KoMex!  Genius!. . So how did you all discovered this place being it's the random restaurant in the neighborhood strip mall?  It's not even listed on the main shopping marquee.. . The shop itself is pretty basic. I like they have wait service. We got our orders promptly.  Everyone was really friendly. Mr. B says he doesn't mind the drive all the way from Henderson for their fried rice, so it's safe to say we'll be here alot more on this side of town. The Bulgogi wrapped in lettuce sounds good!  Im going to try that next!. . So stars for great concept, good food, nice menu selections, wait service and  value for what you get!
One word - YUMMY!  I was a little concerned about this place due to the neighborhood.  But, the shop is very clean and the wait staff super friendly and professional.  I can't wait for my children to come home from college so I have another excuse to go there!
Why is KoMex so good?!? . . For this visit, we spiced it up with some Bulgogi Fried Rice and then ordered a few tacos. . . Hot chips, salsa, and guacamole served right away. . . The rice was awesome and too much (should have gotten the 1/2 order for $1.50 less). I love the bulgogi beef at this place.  This time we were able to try the pork tacos and they were worth the wait (when we went 2 years ago they had run out of pork).  It was spicy and delicious on the tacos. . . There is a reason this place is so highly rated on Yelp.  If you're in Vegas, tear yourself away from the Strip for just one meal and just go to KoMex!!!
Spicy Korean style wings were fabulous!  I actually wouldn't order wings if it was the last food on earth, but the lovely head lady suggested I try it.  I'm glad I took her advice because they were the most delicious wings I've ever had.  They took time and patience in marinating the meat; whereas, most restaurants buy frozen and don't do anything to them except drop them in a fryer and serve.  BravoKomex!!!
the beef & spicy pork fusion tacos are amazing! wonderful flavor & tender meat. the fried wontons are incredibly juicy. even the chips, fresh guacamole and salsa were incredible. amazing service
Finally got to try this place! It's definitely the real deal. I went with the to-go option just because it was a long day and I wanted to head home, but they probably have around 30 seats in the place. The decor definitely takes most of its cues from the Korean side, and the feel is pretty casual overall.. . Completely loved the pork fusion taco. Bold flavors all-around (make sure to squeeze lime), with the only drawback being that I didn't order two or more. The chicken fusion taco was pretty good but wasn't as flavorful for me. I want to give a re-do on the bulgogi fusion burrito because I ended up saving it for a late dinner and it might've lost its touch by then.. . I'd love to go back soon, bring a friend, and try some fusion nachos or fries. Maybe a fusion chimichanga too, or the flautas that come with fusion guac (what's that?!)
Great food! Very different.... let's just say, I was not expecting that!  Yum . Little small place.  Try to beat the lunch rush! . Pros: Food-Everything?  Good lunch cost.  Good portion size.  . Cons: Small hole in wall so not much room. Small amount of chips/dip. But was good!
omg this place is AWESOME!! really no words can describe how delicious this place is everything we ordered was mind blowing even the orange slices at the end of the meal is amazing! im for sure going to come back!!
So good! We have been here three times and have had excellent service every time. We love the chips and salsa they give you when you sit down. All the tacos and burritos we have tried so far have been delishious. The kimchi that can be added to the burrito is excellent also.
I live all the way on the other side of town but always have to make the trip to eat here at least once a month. The menu has a wide variety of food from mexican to korean. I love both kinds of food so i think it's a genius fusion! They give everybody free chips and salsa in the beginning of the meal, and usually give orange slices at the end. The one thing i always have to order is the bulgogi fried rice. It's delicious and comes in a huge portion! I also always try to order something new and so far, i haven't ordered anything i didnt like. Luckily, everything is so cheap here, i dont feel guilty for ordering a bunch of stuff! Usually when a place has good food for cheap prices, the staff isn't so great... But not this place! The workers are always friendly and attentive, even when they're busy with every single table filled and more people waiting at the door! . . I highly suggest this place. It does not disappoint!
Looks are deceiving.  Komex is a prime example. Buried admist a poorly lit strip mall just off the 95 and Decatur, Komex has a handful of tables and really no decor to speak of.  Sure they have chinese horoscope placemats and trays of sauces but without the name, this could be any type of restaurant.. . Back to the theme, looks can be deceiving and they are.  What Komex lacks in decor, this Korean/Mexican Fusion restaurant delivers in taste.  After reading so many positives and receiving recommendations from a friend, we stopped there late last night and had ourselves a 32 dollar feast.  We ordered Bulgogi Fried Rice, Bulgogi Nachos and Won Ton Soup and two drinks.  . . ADVICE - PORTIONS ARE BIG so either split a plate or go just for an entree.  We took a ton of food home.. . The fried rice was excellent.  The beef tasted great and the spice was just right.  The wonton soup also packed a lot of flavor.  The nachos were enjoyable and filled with lots of different items unlike some nachos in other establishments where you have to hunt to find the meat.   . . The price is right, the food is delish, the staff friendly and even accomodated a 15 person party despite having few open seats left.. . Its on the rotation!
We ate at KoMex for lunch on Saturday 3/30/13. We knew it was a popular place, so we went right when they opened at 11am.. . We each ordered a taco fusion that we wanted and shared family style:. Fusion Bulgogi Fries (1/2 order) $5.99 - this was really tasty, and a half order was plenty for 5 of us to share.. Fusion Pork Burrito $5.99 - this was a huge burrito with Mexican rice, green & brown onions, pico de gallo, lettuce, soy/sesame base sauce.. Bulgogi & Spicy Pork combo rice plate $9.99 - the bulgogi was my favoriate, the spicy pork was my husband's favorite. . I tried the pork fusion taco, others at our table had the beef fusion taco, and the calamari fusion taco.. . Everything was yummy and so inexpensive. The bill was $37 for the 5 of us, and we took leftover food home!  We'll be back to KoMex!
burrito. good.
Wow my mouth just had a party and all the flavors are invited! This place is to die for! I just wish it was open on mondays... but you cant get everything you want. This place looks like its going to be just another knock off place but than you get the food and its to die for!!! the tacos were some of the best I have ever had.
This little hole-in-the-wall restaurant produces Korean-Mexican fusion delights that exude wonderful flavors. Everything is made fresh. The owners concern for quality comes through with every bite. . . The tables are very plain. There is nothing at all fancy. Don't let that stop you from going to KoMex - you will not be disappointed.
Komex is fantastic!  Went for the bulgogi nachos which were great.  But, the fusion tostada with the pork was amazing.  The shell is rice just crispy fried on the outside with the meat and this asian slaw on the top.  The server recommnded the pork as the meat.  My husband got one bite of this and one bite only.  The three tacos with each of the three meats is a good way to go to taste them each.  The guys next to us got the bulgogi fries which also looked and smelled great, but I am a nachos girl.  We went at lunch and it was quite busy, but we got a table and the service was friendly, quick.  Delicious! ...  that sums it up.
Unbelievable! My husband had wanted to try this place and I just couldn't imagine the Korean-Mexican combo... so I was dogging it. Finally gave in and can't believe the melange of flavors and how they worked so well together. . . The Bulgogi nachos, a combo of crisp tortilla chips covered in mozzarella, beef, jalapenos, korean hot sauce and pico hit all the taste buds at once... Zowie... I'm hooked! Got the special of 3 soft corn tacos, topped with marinated green/purple cabbage, cilantro, pico and onions at an incredible $5 (including a drink) and they were down right mouth watering. The have several hot sauces, some bottled and some homemade, which I partook. One of the homemade sauces was a sweet/hot combo that set my portion of the nachos on fire... just the way I like it. YUM!!!! Get there as soon as possible!
Two words: So. Good.. . KoMex was recommended to me by both a Korean friend and a Mexican friend, so I knew this place had to be legit.  I called to place an order for pick-up for dinner for the bf and I.  The staff member I talked to was really friendly and helped me when I told her I had never been there before and wasn't sure about portions and what not.  I settled on the bulgogi burrito, chicken tostada, and pork belly taco since it was a special that week.. . The chicken tostada was AMAZING.  It was so good.  I love that the tostada is actually made out of rice and it has this deliciously crunchy sear on the outside of the rice patty.  I'm definitely hooked on that.  The pork belly taco was super tasty too.  I had a bite of the bf's burrito; it was huge and delicious.. . Just a note, the hot sauce they give you is legit. That stuff was super spicy, so I'd use it sparingly!. . The food was amazing and I'll definitely make the drive to go back.  My car did smell like onions/garlic/food the whole next day and I did notice the same fragrance inside the small restaurant and it lingered on me even though I was inside for only 5 minutes to pick up the food, but that was about the only negative I could think of.  Amazing dinner for two people for $13? I'm sold.
This is a place best done with many friends so you can share Bulgogi Fries or Nachos. I split a fusion burrito $5.99 and it was plenty. Even the half order of Bulgogi nachos $5.99 ($7.99 full) were enough for two of us. I really like the feel of this tiny place. It's a hidden gem.
I've read so much about this place and finally decided to go after work today, and wow I was impressed!. . Other reviewers talked about how there's a wait, but when I got there at around 2:30 (prime lunch hour) there were only two other parties there! I was seated promptly, given my beverage, a menu and complimentary tortilla chips, guacamole and pico de gallo. . . I ordered the Bulgogi Nachos and wow, if I had known the servings were so huge I would've just had a half order! The prep for my food didn't take very long, maybe 10mins tops and it was delicious. The bulgogi in the nachos were generous and were strayed all over the top along with some pico de gallo and jalapenos. The bulgogi itself was marinated to a balanced sweet and saltiness that it almost made me want to order something else that had more of it. . . The waitresses constantly refilled my water and were very nice. The price for my entire meal was very generous and the service was all together very pleasant. . . Next time I will definitely be trying the other fusions on the menu (mmm pork belly tacos). . . If you haven't had the chance to try fusion food made right I'd definitely recommend you pay a visit to this place! Just be sure to call ahead of time to reserve tables if you have a fairly large party, the place itself is very small and I could imagine it getting filled very quickly.
My American Dollars go a loooong way at KoMex!  I fed a table of three for just about $20 and the great thing about it was we were all full to our bellies!   The fusion of korean and mexican food is done right at KoMex.  Korean BBQ, salsa and corn tortillas make a good combo especially at the going rate of $1+ each.  Throw it down with the killer Bulgogi Fries, which is a mother-load of marinated bbq, salsa and cheese on top of a bed of fries.  Be sure to try out all the sauces on their sauce caddy.  The mix of korean and mexican salsa makes a great addition to such classy grub! Kimchi I'm out!  ...oh but don't forget, location is a lil' north townish, so lock yo doors!
Food is great, service is good as it can get due to small size.. . Just so you don't get upset.... expect a wait during normal eating times. . (Lunch time for example)
Great concept! You haveto love  korean food in order to enjoy the fusion of both. My Latin friends didn't  enjoy  it as much as I did. I'm filipino and enjoy all Asian foods. Living  in San Diego I got a lot of Mexican food being so close to the border. I love this place! The other reviews are all on point. I'm gonna make this my new fav. When I'm in town. Fast, friendly service. What more can you ask for right!
Three words you need to know... PORK BELLY TACO! . . The best taco I ever ate. I stop in for lunch to treat myself when I'm on that side of town. Lucky for me, today's special was the Pork Belly Taco. Order one along with the Buldogi meat taco., which was good, but could have eaten a dozen of the pork belly. . Sweet tender meat with slaw wrapped in a corn tortilla! . This was a special, hopefully it will stay a special, or make it on the menu!. . Again I ordered the won-tons, which you can't go wrong.. the meatiest wontons you will ever have.. As usual chips with salsa and guacamole served when you sit down.. all fresh and delicious..
I had been wanting to try this place for weeks. We actuallyjust ended up here unplanned, this past Tuesday we were headed to Thai Grill but when we arrived there the closed sign was up with a note saying "Closed today Tuesday because the cooks are tired and need a break, will open tomorrow Wednesday" Okaaayyy?? So of course we were disappointed, we sat in the parking lot a min or two trying to find another thai place close by, I really wanted some Tom Kha soup and Larb.. Anyways, we didn't find anything and I noticed KoMex was right down the street, so to KoMex we went! Thank god we did, this place was AMAZING. We did have to wait for about 10 min, they were packed, it was around 12:30, so it was lunch time. Once we got sat they came right over to get our drink order and then asked if we were ready to order, only except we didn't even have time to open the menu, so we asked for a few minutes. . . We ended up ordering a half order of the Bulgogi Fries, a half order of the Chow Fettuccine with shrimp and 4 Bulgogi tacos. Everything was delish! My favorite was the Chow Fettuccine, so good. The only thing I didn't really like was on the Bulgogi fries, there was WAAAYYY too much cheese... if they would have put half of the cheese on that they did, they would have been better. Ill definitely be going back multiple times to try EVERYTHING on the menu.. . Im giving 5 stars for the food and price. As far as service goes, it was eh, they seemed too busy to give proper service, and it doesn't help that the dining space is small and all the tables are a little cramped. The only other thing I would change is their hours, they definitely need to be open late, its the perfect place for drunk food.
What is the best way to get an Asian to eat Mexican food? Make it fusion with Korean. After a few years of working in a Mexican and then a Southwestern restaurant, Mexican is usually lower on my list of favorite cuisines. . . With Komex, they definitely change that mindset. For $2, you will get a taco that is stuffed full of meat, veggies, and ask for kimchi. If you are trying to go lighter, the option of a lettuce wrap instead of tortillas can be done. The bulgogi is my favorite to put into or onto anything. Tacos... BULGOGI!... Nachos... BULGOGI! It does not matter, bulgogi needs to go on it.
Please go there and have the Buldogi taco and the fish taco
Quick, polite, interesting fusion.  1 star for originality. 4 stars for food overall quality.  Bulgogi nachos are sweet AND spicy.  Give you a large portion so I'd suggest splitting it between 2 people.
I LOVE their food! I've had quite a few things on the menu, and I've never been disappointed. My favorite dishes is the bulgogi tacos and bulgogi nachos. But explore, because they make good food!!. . This is a mom & pop type of place so don't expect the fine dining experience. But honestly, some of the best foods I've had have been at these type of places.
Yeah I was a little suspect of the fusion possibilities between Korean and Mexican but left a believer!  If you are remotely close at lunch or dinner time, you won't be disappointed by making sure you stop by.. . They were crowded but efficient and we were able to sit down within 10 minutes.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  The food was awesome and well priced.  You can't go wrong here.
Holy cow!! This place is insanely good!! Bulgogi fries and bulgogi tostada are to die for!! The tostada has a crispy rice cake in place of a crispy tortilla. Insanely delicious! I have nothing but great things to say about this place. I can't vouch for the "non-fusion" items but the fusion items are awesome! Reasonably priced and excellent attentive service makes this an even better dining experience. If you haven't make the trek to try this place, stop what you're doing and go now!!
Don't come here looking for a gourmet experience. It's not fast food either, it's very affordable dine-in fusion food. They close early and it's out of the way in North Vegas.. . Ifyou're looking for delicious food though, please make a stop here. Lunch is the perfect time to go. We stopped by on a weekday and it was empty. It's located in a strip mall and can be easy to miss.. . But the food is just straight up delicious! Bulgogi tacos with all kinds of hot sauce. The meat was seasoned perfectly, piled with onions and cilantro, and topped with a selection of hot sauces. It was one of the best tacos I've had in a long long time.. . Service is excellent. The hostess/waitress is very friendly and not intruding at all when you're trying to enjoy your food. It looks like a family owned business. I wouldn't hesitate to come back here again.
Why am I reviewing an establishment that already well over 500 reviews?   Simply said, it is because KoMex has to be one of the best hole in the wall establishments that Vegas has to offer.. . The kitchen here is very small, and service can be slow. Call ahead if you are pressed for time and budget between 20-30 minutes just to be safe.   However, the amazing food well makes up for the transgression of slower service.  I have yet to have a dish here that disappoints. . . The thing I love most about KoMex is that they are locally owned and have not abandoned the neighborhood, even as it has become a little on the gritty side.  I work very close to here and have a special spot in my heart for this part of town.  . . I guess I could best describe this restaurant as "El Seoul" food.
Amazing, amazing, amazing. I have never had Komex before. Enjoyed the komex tacos and did an assortment of carne asada, shrimp and chicken. So yummy. The guacamole and chips where excellent as well. The place was busy during lunch with quick turnaround. I will definitely be back for more.
MMMMMMMMM EFFING BULGOGI FRIES FOR THE WIN ONE OF THE BEST FRIES I'VE HAD IN VEGAS!!!. . I've come here more than a handful of times and I've gotten their burritos, mongolian beef, and tacos. But none of that compares to the fries they serve. These fries taste like fries that food gods DREAM to eat. Ughhh, they're soooocheesy you can never pick up just one fry, the cheese just drags more fries with it. It's that cheesy! And to set it off the jalapenos give that extra spicy bam in your mouth.. . Parking is shouldn't be that bad, but the wait times are very unstable. Some nights its a 30 minute wait, other nights no wait.. . Another plus is the service. If you do dine in it comes with some free chips and salsa, and an orange :)  . I usually haven't had a problem with long waits for food or refills.. . If you're in the area definitely give this place a chance! You will not regret it! . . P.S. If you're in a rush call in advance and you can pick up the food!!!!
If you love Mexican food and Korean food then you will definitely love this place. Their beef is tender and full of flavor. Don't forget a side of kimchi. They also have four different types of sauces you can eat it with. Prices are also very fair for all the food you get.. . It is across from he Ford dealership as it is pretty easy to just drive by without even noticing it. . . I believe it is family owned and operated; service is always good!
Love the food and customer service. Best fried rice I've ever had. I also ordered the wrong thing on the menu and didn't notice until I got my food. The owner gladly took it away and brought what I should have ordered. They could have been rude especially because it was during a busy time but they were nice and took care of it. Wish they had a location in the southwest.
We ordered the Bulgogi nachos, calamari taco, and Mongolian beef. All delish! Very friendly staff. We will be back.
Round two!. . I had an inkling that the fusion burrito might not be the best idea from last time, so I chose a fusion torta with pork instead. I'm so proud of myself! It was really good, and while I'm not a big jalapeno fan, I really liked what they did to that sandwich. I wish that they had sliced the avocados into thinner or smaller pieces, but I modified my bites accordingly.. . I also had a bulgogi fusion taco as the appetizer. It was pretty good, although the lime was hard to extract juice from for some reason. I wish that they had wrapped it in foil instead of throwing it in a foam box because the filling was all over the place by the time I got home. Overall, still pretty good, although the pork is still better at Komex.. . Bring cash if adventuring alone, or order more than (I think) the minimum of $10 for credit cards. This is now a must-try recommendation, and also a must-return to explore to other fusion items.
Affordable, filling and amazing service?! Yes please! I have only been coming in since the start of the year. I had been hearing about this place from other students from school and wanted to see what the "hype" is all about. If you want affordable food with the quality to match, this is the place to go. I bring my friends with "big appetites" and they leave satisfied without burning a hole through their pockets. I myself, am I big fan of the Mexican taquitos, lettuce wraps, fusion tacos (try their pork belly fusion tacos!) and the bulgogi fried rice. Everyone is incredibly nice and it keeps me coming back! (maybe more than I should). If you have not tried KoMex, try it once! You won't regret it :)
Even though the prices went up a wee tad, and a few of the menu items were taken off to make way for their franchise expansion...KoMex is still one of the best!  The quality of the food is never lacking here.  And...I still get to enjoy my monster-sized Beef Bulgogi Fusion Burrito with extra, extra kim chee!  Happy mouth means I'm still happy to pay just a little bit more.  Tasty, tasty!. . We still go to KoMex regularly, I'm pretty sure my wife is on a first name basis with the owner!  She never fails to take her pick-up order of lettuce wraps and Jim's Beef Fried Rice!  Fast and friendly service is the name of KoMex's game!. . While KoMex does serve some darn tasty Mexican food and Asian food, you gotta go for their namesake, the Fusion!  Stick with this part of the menu and the Favorites and you pretty much can't go wrong.  I could eat just about anything on their menu with their fusion salsa/hot sauce and be a happy camper.  For me...if there's spice, it's nice!  That fusion sauce is killer!. . Looking forward to their franchise expansion, but this one isn't too far from home.  I bet the folks in Henderson will be happy when a KoMex is opening near them!  KoMex...you guys ever hear of a food truck???  If so, I might want in!!
So they've eliminated a few menu itms, and raised prices just a touch in hopes of branching off with other locations!! YAY!. . So we hadn't been here in a while, the last time we were here, the service provided by the owner. I especially can't stand when small shop owners refuse to accommodate for their guests, but there was a total turnaround this time.. . We 1 bulgolgi lettuce wrap and 1 in corn each as well as the combination fried rice (with pork instead of shrimp) and I also decided to try the wonton soup.. in the brink of summer.. . . WHY AREN'T YOU ALL ORDERING THE WONTON SOUP?! The broth was phenomenal, the wontons were huge and full of delicious pork. I'm a wonton soup connoisseur, and this was some of the best I'd ever had in the valley! After 2 spoonfuls of soup, I look up at Jason and tell him this was going to be a winter fave.
Went back again and can't get enough of this place. It just seems to get better. Tried the fired rice kimchi with bulgogi and a fried egg and was knocked out. Can't beat the food. Everyone in our party fought over the bulgogi nachos and homemade sauces. Tried a fusion flauta and it was delicious. Their passion ice tea is refreshing with no caffeine and free refills. The bulgogi sliders were huge, covered in their slaw. Gave it 5 stars the first time and Komex continues to impress.
Oh good lord.  I just saw on Faceook that they were trying some bulgolgi and spicy pork hot dogs.  Holy moly lamma jamma!  Listen, I didn't ask what came on them.  I just ordered two bulgolgi beef and one spicy pork.  I have a 6 year old.  Kids go apeshit for hot dogs.  Generally, though, he is anti-new flavors.  Kids are morons when it comes to tasting new and strange things.. . HE LOVED IT!  SO DID I! Caps off.. . The hot dogs are on large buns and topped with all sorts of deliciousness (pico de gallo, jalapenos, bacon, asian slaw, etc.).  Two dogs is more than enough for one massive man with a lumberjack appetite.  I had two... But I'll hit the gym in a while to work off the deliciousness!
Me and the hubby LOVE this place! Try the bulgogi torta, messy but so tasty!
Try anything bulgogi and you can't go wrong!
Yummy! A Hole in the Wall Gem!
the most unique yet delicious combo of ethnicities to ever clash! the fusion is actually better than Mexican food itself IMHO.....try it out, if you don't like it, then you're either a hater or you're not human
Love the food. Try the tacos. Yummy
HANDS DOWN THE BEST PLACE WE ATE IN VEGAS!!. . Reminded me of home.. maybe that's why I enjoyed it so much. Hawaii is known for the fusion of food and people and I found exactly that in Vegas! The food is soo ONO (delicious)!!! and for the price the proportions were generous.. I was going to pack the left overs for the plane ride home! . . We went with a party of 9 so we made reservations- we heard it gets busy for dinner. The place was filled when we got there so good thing we did. You need to try the bulgogi nachos, the tacos and fried rice!!! There are different types of meats that you can get so have your party order different ones so you can try them all!! Service was EXCELLENT, our waitress (the owner) was very attentive and the food came out fast!. . Hope they open one in Hawaii!!
This place has the kimchi fusion burritos I literally dream about. Once you have them, all other burritos will feel incomplete!!. . This is one of my top places in Vegas. It's a little hidden gem of a place where you can get food unlike anywhere else that will tantalize your taste buds and not break your wallet.
Excellent fusion for a cheap price. I had the bulgogi nachos (get the bigger size, only $2 more), which were fantastic. We also tried the Calimari tacos and the pork belly tacos, both of which had excellent toppings and were very tasty. . . I personally liked the pork belly ones more but my friend liked the calimari. . . All in all, great food and great value for a very low price. I would go back here again.
Great to see a true "mom & pop" establishment and not a Corporate America chain restaurant is now the top rated local restaurant in Las Vegas!. . I love Chinese fried rice and KoMex's house fried rice is the tastiest I've ever eaten.  Also loved the the tacos and burritos made with marinated Korean beef!  Please note this is not fast food but it is GREAT food and each dish is made to order.
First time having Fusion Korean Mexican and it A-MAZING!! I think we sampled a little of everything for first timers but I recommend the Bulgogi Taco's and Fries...
I only rate the best and this place is way ahead of the rest. Excellent food have to try their signature Komex burrito . Always make my mouth water
WOW! Where do I begin? BOMB DOT COM !!. My good friend and food aficionado, Mr. P, suggested this spot while I was out in Vegas. On our way home (but not really on the way to Cali), we made it a point to try it out. I gotta say, this will be a mandatory visit each time I come out here! Komex livedup to all the hype on Yelp. . . The place is small and doesn't seat too many, so I would suggest arriving with enough time to cover this, just in case. When we got there, it was full and we waited in line for about 20 minutes to be seated. After being seated, we waited another 10 minutes to get our order in. The staff were super busy working nonstop the entire time and noticing this, I see that the wait is part of the visit. Don't hold that against them. . . As for the food...mmmm...made to order...mmmm...fresh...mmmm...OK, back to the review...So, you get an order of chips, salsa and guacamole after you order. Tasty and good. . . - Spicy pork taco for $2 was awesome! Not so spicy though, so don't worry. . -  Bulgogi Nachos was the business! You HAVE to try this out. The Bulgogi meat is more of a teriyaki beef type, sweetened, tender and juicy. A nice pico de gallo blend on top and some beans and mozzarella cheese! This was a mouthful of flavor in each bite. . - Shrimp fried rice was sooo good!! Some of the best I've had. -  Bulgogi chicken and rice was fantastic, says my 18 y/o daughter. -  Carne asada taco eaten by my 5 year old didn't stand a chance. He said he loved it.. -  Enchilada plate eaten by my 11 year old looked good too. -  Spam Musubi was just as good as the rest of it, says my 15 y/o daughter. You get 2 fat "rolls" in 1 order. . As you can see, we ordered a lot of food and each of us were more than happy with what we had...We also had enough to take some for the ride home. . . Overall, arrive early, have patience, the portions are big, the price is small and the flavor is incredible. ...And the staff is busy making your food! I see that they are in the process of expanding and hope we get one in Cali...
What a harmonious symphony of flavors!! Who knew that Korean and Mexican flavors could blend in such a way that would make my taste buds sing. The bulogi meat is perfectly marinated and has such an awesome flavor- you can go wrong ordering it in the taco, burrito, nachos... just pile it on high!. The bulogi tacos: loaded with the marinated Korean meat, super fresh and delicious. Just squeeze some lime over it and the flavors speak for themselves. Two tacos is a pretty good portion- espcially if you plan on ordering the nachos too. . Bulogi nachos: everything nachos could be and beyond. The chips were thick enough to withstand the meat and the thick mozzarella cheese, but they were still super crispy and very addictive. The bulogi meat paired perfectly with the hot sauce in a way that you'll be licking your fingers clean. My only complaint is that the mozzarella cheese gets cold too fast- however I think that's a common problem with all nachos. Cheesesteak: my husband order this monster of a sandwich- you almost need a fork and a knife to enjoy it. The bulogi meat has a more subtle flavor in this dish,but it works well for the cheesestake sandwich. The fries were a little bland and not my favorite- but who cares with all the other knock out dishes. . To quench your thirst- try their passion iced tea. Perfect on a hot Vegas summer day
Food:  Absolutely delicious!  I have tried the Bulgogi fries, the fushion taco, burrito, and chimichanga, and the nachos.  All the food has been outstanding! The flavors are unique and dynamic.  The portions are very generous and I never leave with any room left.  Each time I go I see other people eating other dishes that look amazing, but when I go back I get the same stuff because I like it so much. I don't like that the service canned soda, it is too expensive to drink because I drink a lot; so I just get water when I go.. . Service: The service is always great! They people are friendly and do a good job educating you on how they run the restaurant and what not. For example the first time I went in they welcomed me and told me thanks for trying them out. They explained that there is often a long wait and that if I am in a hurry I should call in an order on my way over.. . Overall: Delicious food!  Usually a wait when I go there, but always worth the 5-20 minute waits that I encounter!
All the food here is excellent, but be sure to order off the fusion menu to experience a unique blending of flavor crystals.. . The lettuce wrapped fish tacos with kimchi are excellent paleo fare.. . Excellent prices, quality service. Tip heavy my friends.
My friend took me here before we went to watch a movie--we patiently waited for our food with that bowl of fried chips that they give out! . . I wasn't sure about Korean and Mexican food being blended until I had that Fusion Chimichanga..omg. It was messy and delicious and awesome! My friend vacuumed her meal right up! My other friend had the Kimchi Fried Rice..holy crap was that excellent. . . Most interesting mix of food I've ever had in my life. I would recommend this place a million times!
Ihonestly love the Korean Mexican fusion food.  The person who put Korean BBQ in a taco is a genius.  That being said, I ordered the bulgogi tacos and the chicken wings.  Both were delicious!  I wish I could've tried more food, but I wasn't super hungry.. . The table next to me ordered the tostadas and kim chi fried rice.  Gotta get that next time because they looked bomb diggity!
KoMex is so delicious my mouth is watering thinking about it.
Wow!  Amazing food experience.  My taste buds were happy.. . I read the yelp reviews and couldn't resist trying KoMex for lunch.  It is a very small restaurant so my family of six decided we would do take-out and eat back at our hotel.  It was about a 20 minute drive from the strip about 8 miles away. . . I am a foodie, so it takes a lot to impress me.  I was impressed with the quality of the food.  It was a flavor explosion, like nothing else I have ever eaten.  We ordered all of our food to go and I still gave it 5 stars.  I knew we would lose some of the texture on the way back to our hotel.  I ate the food about 30 minutes after it was cooked and it was still amazing.    . . We ordered from the fusion menu; beef chimichanga, chicken tostada, chicken wings and Bulgogi Nachos.  We also added the tofu fried rice.  The flavor combinations where like no other.  . . I would highly recommend this restaurant for the food quality alone.  The restaurant itself is very small but take out worked great for my family. . . Thank you KoMex keep up the quality work.
KoMex...I had so many expectations for you and you know what you did?! You exceeded them. Congratulations.. . Delicious and affordable food. Tried all the tacos and a half order of bulgogi fries, my favorites probably being the samgyupsal taco and the fries. They also give each table nachos with guac and salsa in the beginning (sweet!). We asked for more guac and they just gave us some! Free guac is the greatest thing in life, I swear.. . Service was great and food was bomb. I can't wait until they open up their newest location near my house! I'll go there all the time.
I can't comment on the variety of the menu here because I've only ordered the same thing each time I go...and I dream about it. The veggie fusion chimichanga with kim chee is amazing! I forget how big it is until it arrives. There's enough to make two full lunches. Free chips, salsa and guac as well. They close out the meal with orange segments and fortune cookies. Worth the wait if there's a line.
Swung by yesterday with the GF to see what all the fuss was about & we were very happy that we did! The staff was very friendly & answered all the questions we had. Every dish they pulled out for guests looked amazing! My GF ordered the Chimichanga & she loved it. There was even a couple sitting by us that asked what that was & they decided to order it! . . Sodas are canned or bottled so if you're used to having 5 drinks at a restaurant (like me) you're gonna end up spending more on sodas than your entree! I recommend this place to anyone wanting to get away from the strip & just relax & enjoy a meal. You can tell there's a lot of pride in this family owned restaurant & we will definitely go back when we are in town!
love the food here love the service love eating here... the owners are great and i love them too.... if you are ever in the area u should stop in...
Korean Mexican fusion! Whats not to love? The Bulgogi fries and the quesadilla is what I tried and they were fantastic. I also had a bite of one of the tacos and for the price they can not be beat. Fantastic place and great service.
This place is amazing! One of my top 5 places in the valley to eat. The bulgogi fried rice is so good! Everything is! And everything is SO reasonably priced. My hubby and I always leave stuffed and usually for about $20. And the staff is so nice. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask. You can tell that they love what they do and love talking about their yummy creations! . . OH! And I just saw someone mention that drinks are canned/bottled... this is true.... but they have the most delicious unsweetened iced tea (I think it is mango flavored) and there are free refills on that one! It is soooo good! Just go check it out... you won't be diappointed.
Love Komex. Everything I have eaten here is delicious!
I loved it! Can't wait for them to open their new location that will be much closer to home.
Believe the hype!!!. It was my first visit to KoMex Fusion today and it is already in my top five Vegas restaurants. I am seriously smitten! . We tried the chicken fried rice, tofu fried rice, the beef tacos and the bulgogi nachos. The bulgogi nachos were the stand out, but all four dishes were insanely good. Like, dream-about-them-for-days-until-you-finally-give-up-and-go-right-back-to-KoMex-again-good.. Baby-friendliness rules my world and Komex definitely has it. Our waitress was super quick with a high chair, was very careful about placement of the spicy salsas (all three of which were excellent, by the way!) and even engaged my baby in sign language when she saw us signing with him. Awesome!. Don't hold off any longer...and don't keep KoMex stashed in your yelp bookmarks for even one more day...just go!!:)
Order a variety and share. Loved the Calamari, Shrimp, and Fish tacos.
We've been going to this place for a couple years now, and things are changing, though not necessarily for the better/worse. The menu is now pared down to Fusion, Korean, or Mexican, where it used to be more expansive. Your fusion favorites are still on the menu, and that's the real reason to go to this restaurant, anyway!. . Free chips & salsa/guacamole still exists, and I love it. The guac is simple and delicious, and is a perfect appetizer. . . This time I had the Fusion Enchilada Plate w/ Chicken Bulgogi ($7.50 - great pricing). Meat wrapped in fried corn tortillas topped w/ red sauce, cheese, rice,and fresh produce. Tasty and filling, but not the best item on their menu. For that I would go with.... . The Fusion Burrito w/ Beef Bulgogi ($6.75). I feel like the entire restaurant revolves around the aura of this burrito. It is spicy, it is fresh, it has green and caramelized onions, pico de gallo, and cilantro in it. It is incredible. I highly recommend making use of the hot sauces they have (sweet chili and green tomatillo are my favorites). If you're looking for the true Korean-Mexican fusion experience, go with this menu item. . . Sober, hungover, and anywhere in between, we'll be back!
Bulgogi tacos were so delicious.  The kimchi fried rice was delicious too.  The service was good.  My children and I enjoyed our visit to KoMex.  We will visit on our next trip to Las Vegas.
Tried it thanks to pics on yelp.  Got there for lunch right at noon on Sat.  Good thing cuz crowds came and they had to wait.  Bulgogi nachos were great, as were their chicken wings.  Kimchi fried rice was just okay for me but my three companions loved it.  Check for the daily specials.
Still 5 stars! Just went there again and it is still delicious! We ordered bulgogi tacos on floor tortillas, the chicken Chow Fettuccine (1/2 order), and the bulgogi fries (1/2 order).  This was my first time getting the Chow Fettuccine, it was delicious!   We spent like $17.. . The place was busy (it usually is).  We were lucky and got seated right away, but the wait for the food was pretty long.  We finished off the first basket of chips and salsa and guacamole. So they brought us a second basket, but I think they noticed with enjoy the guacamole, because they gave us to little cups of guacamole instead of just one. . . There was a couple next to us and the girl was there for the first time. It was very funny because she ordered fried rice, wings, some shrimp dish, and one other item I can't remember. Anyways each time they brought a dish she was shocked at the size.  She couldn't believe the portion sizes. Then when she was try the dish she was shocked again at how delicious they all were! I was very entertaining to watch her enjoy the experience for the first time.. . Still great food, great staff, and good times! We posted pictures on our instagram and all our friends and family want to try it when they are in town.
In my travels, restaurants out of the "norm" are hot on my radar.  Korean-Mexican Fusion is always a sweet spot for me.  So, when I found Kormex on Yelp I was excited.  I was not disappointed.  The menu is full of amazing food, and I wanted to order more than I did, but I had a plane to catch, and extremely full does not go well with 30,000 feet.  I had the Bulgogi Beef Burrito.  It was delicious!!!!  The staff was very friendly, and took the time to make sure I was taken care of despite a busy lunch rush.  Next time I am having the Bulgogi Beef Fries, and shrimp tacoma.  Yes, I will be back, and I have already planned my order.  Go here!
Yelpers are correct! This place is something special. The food is delicious and they have great customer service. The fusion tacos, fusion flautas, bulgogi plate and fried rice were sooo good! Will definitely come back the next time we're in Vegas.
I am korean and i have heard about this place from many of my friends. I had to try while I was in vegas and I loved it!!!! I love mexican food and combination was awesome. Their spicy pork tacos were good and fries were huge! must share!
Komex Fusion is doing big things in Las Vegas. The creation of Korean, Mexican, Chinese, and American infused dishes is pure genius.. When I hear of great places to eat...I am on my way! Hidden in a small mini mall, I found food greatness! Today was my first time eating Komex Fusion and I will admit, it's the best taco I had in about 5 years. Yes...5 long years. Of course, I didn't just eat a taco...lol.. The wontons-Spicy beef and pork, stuffed inside a wonton wrapper and deep fried, served with a spicy dipping sauce!. The Bulgogi Fusion Burrito-Thinly sliced spiced beef, Mexican Rice, Green and Brown Onions, Pico de gallo, and Cheese, wrapped inside a fresh flour tortilla shell. The meat is seasoned to perfection, I really have no words, it's so good, it shut my mouth!. Lastly, but not least, the Bulgogi Beef Tacos is it! Spicy Meat, cabbage slaw, melty cheese. They taste like it was marinated in Korean spices, then cooked on the flat top, creating little bites of crispy, tender, joys of beef!
This was our second visit for this vacation trip. We found Komex a few years ago on Yelp and have gone back every time we visit Vegas. . I tried the chicken fusion lettuce wraps with kimchi. Very good...I love the red hot sauce on the table. . Can't wait to try the 2nd restaurant that will be opening later this year.
After going to Komex for a year quite often, I have to say that I have never been disappointed by any of the food.  My favorite is the combo fried rice.  They also have kimchi which is so fresh! Fried wontons... chicken teriyaki... I could go on and on.
This place is a real surprise. Would never guess from the looks of it that the food is amazing!! My favorite... the pork tostada! Everything I have had off the fusion side of the menu has been great. The Kim Chi fried rice is an absolute must at every visit. My husband loves their fusion chicken wings. Tacos for $2.... you have got to try their home made salsa. They bring a variety to the table and they are good!! Spicy, and flavor is terrific!
YEEEE HAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWW! Komex is opening a location 2 minutes from my house! 1 minute if the wind is blowing from the north and I can smell the wonderful aroma of bulgogi on the griddle! Finally a SW location. They have been teasing me for 2 years. And so close to my home. I'm sure that will be both a blessing and a curse. HELLO BIGGER WAISTBAND!
Woah, this place was truly amazing.  Prior to visiting here, I never realized Korean and Mexican could fusion so well.  I actually did set my GPS to here driving down from Salt Lake City, and they are just located a bit northwest from the Strip.  The interior felt just like a Korean restaurant.  The place seems packed all the time even though we arrived during late lunch hours.. . The chips with guacamole shredded off the Korean feel immediately.  We decided on Kimchi Beef Fried Rice and Spicy Pork Chimichanga per other yelpers recommendations.  The rice was absolutely delicious, all the ingredients worked very well together, and even my wife who is a picky rice eater could not stop eating it.  The chimichanga probably bridged the Pacific very well with dega bulgogi inside a fried burrito.  Their mango passion fruit ice tea was decent.. . KoMex was truly amazing, it is definitely high on my must visit places when I am in Vegas.  We really wanted to order more things, but our stomachs reached its limited.  It seems like they are opening another location in Spring Valley area.
We loved it!. The kimchi rice and pork belly musubi was so good.. The sliders were also very good if not some of the best fusion sliders I have had the opportunity to enjoy.. The nachos, a half order which is large enough for the four of us, are a game changer as far as nachos go.  The sauce is sooo good.. But the favorite dish for the four of us was the spicy pork enchiladas.  We will make the 300+ mile trip just for the enchiladas!
the best of both worlds!!
This place was amazing. I would like to thank the yelping Elite community for recommending this place because I have a few family members adding this to their itineraries for their next Vegas trip.. We ordered a variety of items like their chicken wings and fries which had a great sauce and the size were similar to a Buffalo Wild Wings which is good in my book. Also I had their order of pork belly Musubi which went done good with some teriyaki sauce and their red hot sauce. Then we added the chicken fried rice and the Bulgogi Plate with white rice which my boys loved. My mom really enjoyed the fried rice and she is not easy to please. Now what do I say about their Chow Fettuccine other than it was very good but nothing similar to a chow mein dish from a mall but it seemed familiar which is delicious and comforting all in one bite. Lastly my sister had their fish tacos which she said were amazing. I also tasted them and I did enjoy but I swore I would go back and try their Fusion Chimichanga because I was so impressed with everything I had. . The service was amazing and the place is just a hole in the wall that does their food right. They sat us in less than ten minutes on a Saturday afternoon with a party of six so we did not lose out on our vacation time. Also this place is a short freeway drive from the Strip which is why we were in the area. All in all a must try and definitely a must return on our next trip.
Awesome, just delicious all around. Would like to let the owners know that they need to  check their Mexican soda inventory because some of it seemed flat on our last visit. But no need to remove stars, keep the food coming!
Oh man, Komex, what an amazing place to eat! If you're not from Vegas, this is a restaurant to eat at. If you live in Vegas, make the trip and at least try it out!. . I never heard about this place until I started doing this volunteer program at a school near there. On the way home from there. I was shown this place and I ate there with a group of friends. . . The first time there, I was a newbie and I didn't really know how to eat there or what to order, but my friends just suggested getting one taco of each type of Korean meat. I admit that it was delicious! They put a good amount of meat in the tacos and they overfill it with vegetables. They serve each taco with lime and have kimchi on request. If you've never been here, that's what I suggest that you do the first time to try. But if not, take a look at their menu at anything else that gets your attention. A cool thing that they do is that they serve nachos with salsa and guacamole free in the beginning of each meal and some orange and fortune cookies at the end!. . The name is Komex after all, so it's a Korean Mexican fusion restaurant. They have a lot of Mexican staples like burritos, enchiladas, chimichangas, tortas, etc, but with Korean meat! Those would be the main things I would be looking for along with other things with Korean meats. The fried rice and kimchi fried rice are something good to try in my opinion. If you love Mexican food though, the bulgogi nachos or bulgogi fries are the things to try!. . The bulgogi fries are personally my item of choice between the two, but people have their preferences. Everything blends well together. The bulgogi sometimes feels like it fits in better, but of course, that again depends on the person. A full order will take a beast or a few people to finish, so if you're by yourself, consider ordering a half order. . . The servers are always very nice people, especially the lady. They are always attentive and more than willing to help you out with menu choices or just any other request you may have!
Not only is the food great but the service is amazing. Anytime I have a Mexican craving I know where I'm going. Side note: too anyone that is claustrophobic, the place is a bit tiny so you might wanna order too go.
Tried this for the first time with my friend that was visiting from SF. There's a bunch of cheap places in sf, but he said he would love to have this place again and def hasn't tried anything like it.. . I tried the fusion chimichanga with bulgolgi and shared the bulgolgi bachos. These nachos are on point and definitely worth the price. The chimichanga was okay, but I think i should have just gotten a burrito. It was kind of oily and I think it was his the outside I wasn't feeling. . . The service was great. We got there when they opened so they were definitely attentive. They checked on us enough, but not too much that it constantly interrupted our conversation. I would definitely recommend this place for some good cheap food!
KoMex was a great find, thanks Yelp! The food and service were both excellent. I thought going to someplace new I would go with the waiters suggestion on the items I was interested in.. good call.. Everything was so good!
I am from So Cal and live in an area where there are a lot of wonderful Mexican Restaurants but I have never had anything like this. I was in Vegas this past weekend and went out of my way for the second time to enjoy a wonderful meal at KoMex Express. The food is great and the prices are very reasonable. To quote a former. California governor "I'll be back".
Little secret gem you need to know about. Located in a shopping center, it's small and usually crowded inside, but the food is inventive, delicious and very inexpensive. Try the fusion tacos or burrito. Stupid tasty.. . Take a little work adventure there with co-workers, you'll love it!
Went back.   This time I tried the fusion tacos.  They were wonderful.   You can taste the Korean meets with the Mexican sauces and ingredients.   It is a very unique and wonderful union of two great foods that normally you would not expect to be combined.    We also got the fried rice.   It was excellent.   Usually its hard to get a table during lunch time and thus we went a bit later and it was no problem.   The service and food were both amazing.
The Kim Chi rice is even better the next day!
We just wanted to see where the place is, but ended up having a small lunch snack.. Lunch consisted of 1 fusian taco with pork belly on corn tortilla, 1 fusion taco in lettuce wrap, 1 bbq pulled pork slider, 1 pork fusion slider, and a half order of Bulgogi fries.. The service was excellent, the food was great, and it is very reasonable.. Las Vegas needs more places like this!
Stop by for a quick lunch.  Service was great and the food comes out fast!  Not to mention, they have amazing Korean Mexican tacos.  Basically, Korean marinated meat inside a taco. I've been craving their tacos ever since I tried it.  This place is defiantly worth the drive!!
Great service, AMAZING food!! A must go!
Hmm.... How should I describe this place. . EPIC!!!! I wish I could end here, but I want to give this place a five star. So, I must continue on and re-stating what other 650 people have already mentioned. Because my review gets added as a tip, not a review.. . I love the fresh salsa made from scratch with a hint of Korean flavor. Its like J-Lo marrying Psy!! No, I am just kidding. All of the food I ordered here were fresh and superb and packed with fresh veggies and flavor! Very good price with fast friendly servers!!!
This place sooooooo good !!! I can't wait to come back to vegas just to eat here!! I was here 10/3/2013 I got the 2 meat burrito i chose the bulgogi and pork belly burrito omg sooooo good with their medium hot hot sauce ...I got the spicy Korean BBQ pork cheese steak sandwich OMG soooo good :-) love it !! Thank you to the owners they are great and oh so nice :-)
Oh....my god. I'm usually super skeptical about "fusion" foods because they often seem to be a shortcut for claiming creativity and innovation in cuisine. But. KoMex is the real deal -- freaking fabulous Korean-and-Mexican-influenced food that is executed absolutely perfectly. The dishes themselves seem sooo standard (omg fried rice and nachos, how quaint) but that is seriously misleading. They will be the most amazing fried rice and nachos that will ever grace your unworthy tastebuds and there will be enough portioned on your plate to serve a medium-to-large family (pace yourself).. . The location is vaguely sketch and sort of random, to the point that I drove by it three times searching for a likely storefront -- don't make this mistake, it *is* in that plaza that looks straight out of the Walking Dead.
Wow. Best lettuce wraps I've ever had. I'm gonna be craving this place.... entire family had an option that worked for them and there differing tastes.  We will definately be back.
Everything I have had here has been good.  That especially goes for the bulgogi fries and fried rice.  Decently priced and the hot sauce is incredible.
What a great concept. Korean food and Mexican food made fresh. Had a great lunch today. Would recommend for anyone that wants to try something different good.
Bulgogi nachos, BBQ pulled pork sliders, and wontons.  Everything was so delicious, I can't wait to go back and try everything else.  Great service, great people, and delicious food!
Bulgogi Cheesesteak was amazing!  Tons of meat and peppers!
It's the last week for the PBBBLT!  The special is  for the month of October only, but I think they should continue to serve it after this month! . . This is the take off of the BLT BUT with the addition Pork Belly (the PB) & (B) Bulgogi. This yummy creation is sandwiched between toasted white bread with lettuce and tomato. Just like your traditional BLT. The Komex twist adds a Sriracha mayo on the side. Oh yeah! . . Portion wise, pretty generous serving of their delish Bulgogi and thick fatty pieces of Pork Belly for sure! It was a challenge to eat it without the meat fillins falling out. I eventually ate it up with my fork and used the Sriracha mayo as a dipping sauce. Either way, this dish is too good to miss. Better get there before it's gone. It's not on the menu, but written on the white board as their feature item.
I love this place! I have been here several times( I always forget to check-in, I am a rookie Yelper) and every time I am there I am NEVER disappointed. The Bulgogi is great. I love the chimichanga, and the tacos are excellent. If you are off the strip and looking for somwhere the locals go, THIS is the place!
i loved their calamari taco's      they were wonderful
Didn't know what to think of this place from the outside but when the food came I realized I made the right choice. I got the chimichanga with the pastor. Had just the right mix of sweat and spicy. I will definitely be back to this place. Book marked
Delicious! Ordered a bulgogi or pork burrito, forgot which and two fusion tacos! Both were  tasty and a small nice local vibe to the place. . . Will definitely come back
Went here based on it's high score on Yelp.. Pulling into the parking lot I was wondering if we had made the right decision. Let me tell you this place is a diamond in the rough. My wife had the bugogi (sp?) Plate with pork and I had the fusion pork tamales. We also split an order of spam musubi. . Everything was excellent. The wait staff was very good as well. We've put this on our "every time we go to Vegas, we gotta go here" list.
Okay. I must admit I was more than a little skeptical about a Mexican-Korean fusion place. Walking in didn't inspire much hope either. The place is tiny and was completely empty. What have I gotten myself into??? I was shocked! They start you off with chips, salsa, and guacamole. The four of us started off by sharing a half order of nachos. These were truly THE BEST nachos I have ever had! We tore them up! The chicken Bulgogi plate was fantastic! I got the half order with vegetables and couldn't finish. This is a definite must visit.. . Update:  By the time we left at noon, the place had a line out the door and every table was full! Get there early!
Awesome food...we ordered several different items. We couldn't help ourselves. Everything is stellar starting with the yummo chips and salsa they set on the table when you sit down. Our kids loved it too. We were all fighting for the last bites.
So I wade in again amongst the Vegas hicks, I mean food critics.. . This food is GOOD,  never had a bulgogi burito but everything else I ever ate here was great!  Chicken taco, fried rice, heck there is nothing bad here.. . And the Teryaki chicken is the best you will ever eat!
Yelp comes through again I feel like I hit the jackpot finding out about Komex. I was hungry and on the strip but I didnt feel like spending a arm and a leg for just a meh meal. Came accross this gem and decided to make the trek. Its pretty far from the strip it was ten miles and about a 15 minute drive.. . Sunday afternoon at 1:00 pm and it was pretty dead. Our server was really nice helpful and patient with us gave us good advice as far as what to order.. . We went with there carne asada mexican burrito, the bulgolgi cheestake and a single bulgolgi flauta. My girlfriend loved her burrito being a san diego native and so close to the border she knows her mexican food. Not traditional but it was executed really well portions were great as to amounts of ingredients as well as overall size.. . I loved my bulgolgi Philly cheese steak. It was really messy fork and knive were necessary.  I would definitely recommen it if your a fan of Philly cheese steaks. Fries sucked in my opinion soggy and lifeless. But that just made me fill up on there other awesomenss. I almost forgot while we were waiting they brought us some great guacamole and chips for free too. The flauta was good a little fluffier than im used to but still really enjoyable. . . Im lucky this place is a state away.  If it was any closer it would be bad for my waistline.  Worth the drive from the strip. Ill be back next time im in town.
A great find, thanks to Yelp reviews. Delicious and fresh, love the home made sauce. Korean fusion is the best thing that ever happened to Mexican food...
omfg so bomb i nutted after every bite. definitely a bang for your buck over here.
Korean Mexican Fusion.... . Started in LA, expanding across the country. Very well done at KoMex with excellent service. great prices, and the proper divey feel. . . The pork belly, bulgogi, and spicy pork are great, no matter how you have it served. Be sure to have them add kimchi to whatever you order. The meat plates are generously portioned as are the nachos and tacos.. . I wish there was one closer to me in San Diego...
Heard nothing but great things about this place, so was very excited to try it. Dined here about a month ago and it could not have been a better experience. Such a strange location on washington and decatur and parking lot is small but totally worth the drive. From the moment my brother and i walked in the service could not have been better. . . Had the calypso lemonade to drink and my brother had a mexican coke. I love, love, love lemonade and let me tell you this one ranks up their. A little sweeter than i prefer but still delicious. Mexican coke = always a winner.. . Bulgogi fries = holy moly my friend these things are amazing, i love french fries and adding bulgogi and cheese and salsa andlots of onions, won me over real quick. . Pork belly tacos, perfect amount of different flavors and the tortillas are grade A. . Carne asada tacos, meat was perfectly flavored and cooked. . Not that i mind spending $ on great food and great service but this is place is so cheap its crazy that they make $...g2 respect great service, i tipped 100% of the bill and when the server took the bill at the end of the meal and looked at the bill in the side station, she yelled "thank you derek", she then came over and we chatted a bit. . . Forget the servers name but wonderful woman, so friendly and genuine. Couldn't ask for someone better.. . Even if your on the strip, it is worth the drive, trust me. This location is a little better on service than the new one but food is equally great at both.
Total hole in the wall type of place,but such a treasure. It looks pretty sketchy out front but inside is quant. Food is very reasonable and inventive! Being of mixed heritage descent I love fusion! Well as long as it is not too Americanized. This place was recommended by a stage hand from the iHeart Radio festival. . . So good! I had the spicy pork chimichaga and my sister has the pork nachos. My brother in law had a few tacos which the meat in each was delicious (i cant remember which he got, a variety). Average taco sizes. Huge portions and would have been under $30 if we didn't order a drink. Would definitely go here again, YUM!. . Also side note, the crowd is of all ethnicities and seems to be generally non touristy which is so difficult to find in Vegas.
It's Mexican.. . It's Korean.. . It's both.  And I love it!. . This is spot is small.  It's cramped.  There's no signs of the warm welcome of corporate American name tags or signage.  There's just really good, unique fusion food.  And most of it is cooked on the hot grills right out on display.. . The fusion flautas, fusion Bulgi tacos, and kimchi fried rice all combine for a meal that I was not expecting.  It's sweet hot like Korean. But it kicks with a Mexican spice and flare.  I wasn't totally sold on fusion before this place.  And my Korean friends cringed when I asked them what they thought of the idea.  But after they tried it, it was all smiles.. . Its tucked into a small strip mall so you may have to search to find it.  But you should search, because it's worth the find.
