Amazing!  They literally do everything right!  The service, the food, and every detail is impeccable! We had the caesar salad, rib-eye, fingerling potatoes, and vanilla bean ice-cream.  We also had an amazing bottle of Katheryn Hall wine that was recommended.  Don't miss this place in Vegas! We can't wait to go back.
My husband and I had our small wedding reception here (30 people) following our vows at the Forever Grand Wedding Chapel at the MGM. We had diver scallops, arugula & pecorino salad, proscuitto San Daniele, grilled Pacific prawns, shortribs, the flat iron steak, roasted free range chicken, pureed potatoes, asparagus, shitake mushrooms and carrots. Everything was delicious and a month later we are still getting thanks for such a wonderful dinner. Next time we are in Vegas we will be sure to visit again. The only complaint I have is that while the rest of the restaurant's decor is nice, the private rooms are a bit bland.
Seriously, the sexiest meal I've ever had.  . . My BF and I were here a few months ago and treated ourselves to the Wagyu Beef Chef's menu.  Amazing.  Simply amazing.  Each course of the meal simply got better and better.  I could not believe the tastiness I was eating.  . . The service was absolute stunning.  Our waitress was incredibly attentive and helpful.  She answered all of our questions, recommended fantastic wines for each course, and let us take our time.  . . This review is not doing craftsteak justice; I simply can't put into words how delicious everything was.  Please, do yourself a favor and put your Vegas winnings to this.
Craftsteak was a restaurant my three friends and I decided we would try as a once in a lifetime kind of thing. We red some great reviews and decided we would spend a good sum of money on a great meal. Excellent service is the first thing i noticed. Our waitress was very attentive and recommended some great ideas. As soon as plates were brought out she was quick to give great descriptions of each meal. My friends and I decided to get the Tastes of Winter which was listed on the exterior of the restaurant. Our waitress also highly recommended this meal and also let us know that it was a great value in comparison to other menu items. Appetizers included the beet salad, scallops, and prawns which were all great, and all of us were able to sample a few of each item. Next was the Filet Mignon and Steak. The Filet was the most tender Filet i have ever had, and everything was cooked to a perfect medium rare. Lastly was our Dessert Sampler platter. We revived about 5 different items. One included the amazing Monkey Bread. I recommend that everyone try Craftsteak at least once in their lifetime.
My husband and I had a great time at Craftsteak.  The steak was deliciously tender and the side dishes were excellent.  The rolls and the sweet potatoes were the highlight of the meal and actually were so good that they overshadowed the steak a bit.   We also ordered the au gratin potatoes and the mushrooms--they were good, but I would pass on them on a repeat visit because it was simply too much food.  . . TIPS:. -Call ahead and ask for one of the semi-private booths.  The booths are VERY nice and some of the dining room seating looked crowded and loud.  The bar seating looked pretty bad.  We had a booth and loved it, but I wouldn't have been happy about paying $150 per person to sit in the loud bar.. -It is A LOT of food. The portions are large and very satisfying.  I am a big carnivore and usually have no problem polishing off a salad, steak, baked potato, and bread--but this place left me stuffed.  We would have been fine each getting a steak and splitting one side dish.. -I love wine, but here I would recommend skipping the wine and going with one or two of their specialty cocktails.  Not only were the cocktails delicious, but you get more bang for your buck with them.  The cocktails come in a shaker--so you get more than just one.   I normally order wine, but thought the bottles were a tad over priced for what they were.
This restaurant has been reviewed 600+ times but I have to add my two cents.  Get the beef tar-tar, fantastic.  Don't skip the lobster bisque.  It is has large chunks of lobster. The waitstaff said to split the serving but I had the whole thing.  Unfortunately, it cost me room to eat the rest of the steak. Pay the money and get the wagyu 12 oz skirt steak.  This piece of meat offers the best flavor and the wagyu preparation makes it incredibly tender.  The sweet potatoes and crostini mushrooms are great additions. . . The waist staff have terrific knowledge base and are very kind.  I met the executive sous chef at the restaurant as he was walking through and you can tell he loves being there, it shows in the food.
This is one of the best restaurants we've ever been too. The service was excellent and so was the food. We had the surf and turf. My wife had the steak and lobster and I had the steak and diver scallops which were the best scallops I've ever had. We had the scalloped potatoes and the brussel sprouts which were great too. And don't miss the lobster bisque. There must have been a 1/4lb lobster in there. We were a little disapointed to here that Tom  Colichio has not been there in awhile though. The wine was great too.
Yum, yum ,yum. Short rib is amazing and not that expensive. Great space and great martinis too.
Awesome food, steak, salad, even desert, they are all excellent. . . Service was really good and fast, made our business dinner group feel very happy and welcomed. . . Just a thought, wagyu is Japanese beef. But they serve beef grown in Washignston state, that means it is American Beef, not Japanese. My clients from Japan thought its misleading, and I agree.
There are alot of reviews for this place so I will say just two words:. . Skirt Steak!!!. . Skip the Filet. Skip the Ribeye. Skip the Porterhouse.. Ordering the Skirt Steak will be the best decision of your life.. . And I put the official Jamie Q. seal of approval on that one.. . Also for extra points, don't get the fingerling potatoes or the assortment of mushrooms.
One of the top meals of my life! We did the chefs tasting menu. Completely worth every penny. Five different types of steak, lobster, mushrooms, potatoes, broccolini, risotto, three different salads, steak tar tar is to die for. Dessert was 7 different flavors of gelato, monkey bread, cheesecake, chocolate tart and coffee. They had to roll me out and it was awesome!
$20,000 for a bottle of wine. I didn't order it, but I wish I could. So I settled for the $11,000 bottle of wine. I'm probably kidding though.. . Everything about this restaurant was superb. I shared a 32 oz Porterhouse ($92) with 2 other people. We also got the Puree (mashed potatoes). This was more than enough for the 3 of us. We don't eat that much though, so don't think that with 32 oz will always feed 3 people. From these 2 items, the bill was $140 (after tip/tax). The steak was one of the best I've ever had. Its presentation was good and they even included the bone with the edible marrow inside it--legit.. . Anyway, be ready to spend money here. While the food/service is exceptional, so are the prices.
This is what a five-star restaurant review feels like. Been a while. Nice to get reacquainted.. . So let me set this up. I visited the CraftSteak in NYC a few years ago for lunch, but that was for the burger, and while it was very good, I didn't go rushing back partly because there are so/too many options in NYC, plus it closed to make way for Collichio & Sons (high on the list).. . Flash forward to Vegas. Even though it's the buffet mecca, celebrity chef restaurants top the list for me out there. So when my buddy Big J, who's a regular here, invited me to join him and Adam the Pimp, I instantly said hell yeah what time. . . The place was not full when we arrived at 6pm, but it had totally filled by 8pm when we left, following a quick tour of the kitchen and meeting the head chef (Matt Seeber, not Colicchio, btw). In those two hours, I had one of my Top 10 dining out experiences.. . Craftsteak produced by far the best damn lobster bisque and steak I've had. The bisque had several plump lobster chunks, not those little bits you often get, and the flavor was exceptional. I don't get excited about soup. This was special. . . But the real star was the 12 oz. Wagyu Skirt Steak. Served medium rare, by the first bite, I rediscovered that special happy place that a great steak transports me to, but something was different this time. As I kept eating, I realized I'd not had a steak that delicious before. I even closed my eyes a few times to shut out one of the key senses and focus more intensively on the taste. Pimpski, who also ordered the skirt steak, concurred that this was like a steak apex. Big J was going to town on the surf and turf, but had recommended the skirt, so it we'll call it unanimous (along with many other reviewers). . . The sides were also fantastic. Loved the Yukon gold puree potatoes and asparagus, but we all agreed that the braised Brussels sprouts with smoked bacon was the standout.   . . Dessert didn't miss a beat, either. The monkey bread gets a lot of love, but I tried a new bread pudding that wasn't on the menu yet, and like the lobster bisque, it stood apart from every other version I've had of this classic. It was much lighter than most, and was the perfect ending to the meal.. . That the service was uniformly excellent throughout didn't seem to have anything to do with my friend being a regular. Looking around at surrounding tables and booths, the servers were constantly moving, bringing dishes at the right time, refilling water and drinks, and asking how things were, just as they were with our table. Combined with the overall ambiance, the service created a very welcoming and comfortable atmosphere. . . Others have touched on the prices, which are also on the menu, so you should already know what you're in for there, but I'll add this: It's not just the dollar amount, but the total value of the meal and the overall experience. For me, Craftsteak was top-flight in every respect and it'll be high on my list with every future trip to Vegas.
Luscious, buttery lobster that tasted like it had been pulled moments ago from the Atlantic.  Crispy salty brussels sprouts, cauliflower that was crunchy on the outside and melty on the inside, and watercress salad so fresh and crisp and light and zesty that I want to travel back to Vegas just to eat more.  Really an excellent dining experience, and worth every sheckel.
I know, I know. I ate some cow, but I liked it. . My husband and I were in Vegas and my good friend was introducing us to her boyfriend for the first time. I was so exited and told her to choose a spot. Oh. My. Gosh. She chose quite well. So glad I packed my fancy clothes, ya know what I mean? Huh? Huh? Yeah. *Wink*. . As a group of four, we split the Italian Buffalo Mozzarella, Baby Spinach, Brussels Sprouts and Maui Onions. I decided that if I was going to try Hand-Cut Wagyu Beef Tartare, it was going to be at Craftsteak. The table was silent and I felt like Alice drinking from the bottle. It was...different. Almost like, err, cold taut pasta. . . The warm bread is worth it. Trust me. And now for the steak. I'm not much of a meat eater, but once again, "When in Rome".... I went for the Prime Filet Mignon. I took a bite and closed my eyes.. . My mini vision quest.... . Me (In my purple Bestey Johnson number, heels and all, floating in the sky): Why, hello, cow. You're in heaven, I see. . . Cow (flying in the sky, complete with golden halo and wings): So (rubbing its hooves together): What do you think? Juicy enough. Not to gamey?. . Me: Oh, Cow. (Hugging cow). You were wonderful. Thank you for providing me with protein from your body and unwillingly sacrificing your life for this meal. Bless you.. . Cow: (Blushing) Why, thank you!  See you in hell, traitor! (Drop kicks me back to Earth). . ***POOF!!!!!***. . Whoa. Yeah, it was guilty good. So good, my husband ate the leftovers before I got to them. Sigh. It was a fantastic meal. For the record, they do have vegetarian options, but the vegetarian tasting menu has a two person minimum. Pricey, but the memories are priceless.
Great meal, highly recommend this place. The chef's menu is the way to go. You will not go away hungry!
I loved this place. It is a bit pricey but it was worth it. My friend's & I had ordered the mashed potatoes, chicken, sweet potatoes, spinach, & some other stuff that escapes me at the moment. It was all realllly good! Just be careful because they tried to charge us for an extra bottle of water. Well worth a visit though, I plan on going back next time I'm in Vegas.
We were in Las Vegas for mine and my best friends 21st birthdays with our moms. We knew we wanted to go out for one very nice dinner while we were in Vegas. So I did some research and then decided on Craftsteak based on many reviews I had read. Our group of four decided to do the Chefs Seasonal Tasting Menu.. . First Course:. Diver Sea Scallops with Shaved Fennel (5 stars). Roasted Heirloom Beet Salad and  Pickled Egg (4 stars). Italian Buffalo Mozzarella (4.5/5 stars). Main Course:. Roasted Prime Filet Mignon (4.5/5 stars). Grilled Prime Angus Flat Iron (5 stars). Sides:. Braised Brussels Sprouts with Smoked Bacon (3.5/4 stars). Mushroom Assortment (5 stars). Ricotta Ravioli (5 stars). Desserts:. Vanilla Bean Cheesecake (4.5 stars). Chocolate Souffle (5 stars). Warm Apple Fritters (5 stars). Cinnamon Monkey Bread (4.5/5 stars). Chocolate Ganache Cake (5 stars). . I could not have asked for a better meal, it was absolutely divine. There was very minimal talking during the meal, you could have heard a pin drop on our table. We were all floored with the flavor of every element of our meal. . . The wait staff was extremely kind and helpful whenever we had questions. They never rushed our meal along in between courses but had perfect timing and never had us waiting for the next course. . . Craftsteak is pricey but please believe it is totally worth it!
This is my favorite steak-house of all time.  Better than Maestros, SW steakhouse (wynn), Ruth Chris...etc.  I've been here a couple times so I will review the last couple things I ate from various trips:. . Meats:. 1) Wagyu skirt steak.  It's melt-in-your-youth goodness.  After 3-4 pieces, it does get very rich, so my recommendation is to order it for the table and share family style.  It's a definite must-try.. 2) Porterhouse:  AMAZING.  Perfectly seasoned and very tender.  It is a very large cut, so definitely needs to be shared with more than just 2 people (menu recommends 1 order/2 people, but it can feed 3 or 4 even, especially when you order side dishes too). 3) T-bone: Very tasty, but does not compare to the Porterhouse or Wagyu steak.  Still a great choice although the filet side is a bit dryer than all the other cuts.. 4) Braised Short Ribs: Very tender.  The meat pretty much melts in your mouth.  This dish is a bit smaller in size, so it's not as filling as eating a steak.  Although the dish is well-prepared, I think ordering the steaks here is a much better option.  I've never had better steak anywhere else, but I have had comparable braised short ribs.. . Sides:. 1) Mushroom risotto:  If you like risotto, this is a must.  Probably the BEST risotto i've ever had.  Unfortunately, it wasn't available last time I was here.  They replaced it with another dish that they said was comparable but it wasn't at all.. 2) Mushroom assortment:  A nice side if you enjoy eating mushrooms with your steak.  Good, but nothing too special.  . 3) Potato puree:  Very smooth and rich.  It' s a nice side if you like butter.  I think they put a lot of butter into the puree.  It's like eating very creamy mashed potatoes. 4) Asparagus:  A nice side if you want some greens in your meal, but it taste just like asparagus prepared anywhere else.  Not too special.. 5) Corn: I forgot what they call it on the menu and it's only on the menu when it's in season, but this is one of the BEST side dishes here.  They grill the corn and then take it off the cob for you, so it's not cream corn, but more like grilled corn.  Very flavorful.  If you happen to eat here when it's available, it's a must-order.. . Dessert:. 1) Cinnamon monkey bread:  A bit too sweet for my tastes, but my friends really liked it.  If you love sugar, then maybe this dessert is for you, but it was way too sweet for me.. 2) Chocolate souffle: Very rich.  If you like chocolate and u like rich desserts, this may be the pick for you.
Wonderful steak and wine list! . . Coming from Central Coast in California and some of the best steak in the country (The Hitching Post and Jocko's) I have to say that the 2 times I've been to Craftsteak, I've had the best steak of my life.. . I recommend the getting the Chef's Selection and eating family stye at your table ... Wow, nothing better!
Great dinner at craftsteak in Vegas...but damn. I was In a food coma for hours after it...the dinner I ordered, explained to me as a taster menu (for two), consisted of 1 appetizer, 2 salads, 2 soups, 2 large entrees, 3 sides and three desserts!!!!! Amazing stuff but I could have used much smaller portions. Highly recommended to any meat lovers.. 44 seconds ago  Like  Comment
Ok, so after loyally following Top Chef for years now, I have always been wanting to try out Craftsteak for some time.  And happy that I did. .  . My husband and I arrived to Vegas Saturday late afternoon and had not made any reservation.  We checked out MGM's restaurant row and stopped by to see if Craftsteak can accommodate us.  The greeter said we can get seated at the bar right away so we gladly accepted.  The restaurant is dark and was buzzing with happy eaters.. . Neither of us were that hungry, so we started out with frisee salad, shared 12 oz Wagyu skirt steak, sauteed spinach and french fries seasone with paprika.  . . Before we were served our food, 6 fluffy,  just out of the oven bread rolls came out to us...and they were HEAVENLY!!!!  It may have been one of the best bread I had in restaurants.  . . I really liked frisee salad, compared to Comme Ca's because it had more dressing and less bacon to balance out the salad.  The Wagyu skirt steak came out already sliced and were DELICIOUS.  The only complaint I have is that they got cold fairly quickly.  Spinach was well seasoned and balanced our steak well, and fries, what can I say...were sooo tasty.  My husband usually needs cups of ketchup with his fries, but these fries were seasoned so well, he ate them just by itself!. . I will definitely come back here!  Go Tom Colicchio!!!
The most memorable meal of my life was at Craftsteak!. The Platinum - KOBE - Beef - Steak will linger on my palate until the day I die!. Don't be fooled by the run-of-the-mill steak houses claiming that they serve KOBE beef. At Craftsteak you'll learn that there is a difference in grading KOBE beef, and enjoy a culinary experience you will never forget!
This restaurant makes all of its patrons who walk out feel sorry for vegetarians. I'm sorry, but it's true.. . 5 Stars. Times a million.. . Sometimes the best approach for eating out is deferring to others' wisdom. Here, that approach really paid off. Came here for my buddy's bachelor party dinner and luckily we had a Craftsteak veteran with us (Thanks YE Steven H!). This helped the ordering process go along a lot more smoothly.. . Originally we were just planning to order for ourselves, but our wily veteran felt that it would be better if we ordered the multiple cuts and shared that among us instead. Our server understood and was very accommodating, which eventually led to us getting full stacks of appetizers, desserts, and of course, THE STEAK.. . I've had Kobe beef in Kobe, Japan, but this was heads and shoulders above my experience there. Every bite melts in your mouth and the juices were so good that I needed more of those delicious rolls to sop up the remaining sauce. Even our friend who usually likes his meat a little more cooked through had to give it up that these medium-rare cuts of marbled beef were sublime. That being said, even though the meat was excellent, the accompanying sides of asparagus, mushrooms, and mashed potatoes were so freaking delicious that you don't mind it taking up space otherwise reserved for the beef.. . Dessert came out after we were already stuffed, but we made room for the Monkey Bread (aka the Elegant Cinnabon), Ice Cream & Sorbets, Dark Chocolate Tart, Bread Pudding, and fresh fruit. Great finish.. . I honestly think if we paid twice as much, it would still be worth it.
So my friends and I are in Vegas and we get the "Buffet of Buffets" for 40 bucks. All you can eat at different buffets. Of course we eat and overeat. Vegas takes my money gambling, so at least I can over eat.. . Even though I over ate and was still full by the time my 9 PM Craftsteak reservation came around, I still thought it was one of the best steaks that I have eaten. I had 10 oz filet mignon medium-rare. It was good. So was my friend's buffalo steak. Honestly that has more flavor. . . Next time I'm gonna eat the 150.00 Kobe beef. And make sure I don't eat big buffet before this....
Thanks for this restaurant, Tom Colicchio.. I went with a large group of friends. There were 8 of us total. We made a reservation days in advance with no issues.. After looking over the menu, everyone decided on getting the chef's beef selection of grade 7 wagyu beef. Seeing how it is the chef's selection, we had no idea what we were getting besides all the cuts of wagyu steak they had available. First came the rolls and butter. These rolls were already delicious. We all devoured them pretty fast and asked for more. . . Appetizers. Persian Cucumber, watercress and ginger salad - nice and refreshing. Whole grilled shrimp. Prosciutto with plum relish. Wagyu Beef Tartare with crostini - amazing. I've had it at a few other places, but this was way better than others I've tasted.. . Main courses with side dishes. All cuts of grade 7 wagyu. Everything was so delicious. I would say the best steaks I've ever had so far. Steak temperatures on point. Perfectly medium rare. Seasonings just right. Dip the steak back into the skillets and get even bolder flavors. Take it up another notch, grab the dinner rolls and sop up the meat juices too! Forget bread and butter. Bread and meat sauce is better.. Side dishes included, asparagus, mushrooms, and yukon gold puree. Sides complemented perfectly and enhanced the experience with the different textures and flavors.. . Desserts were last. Cinnamon Monkey Bread, assortment of sorbets/ice cream, dark chocolate tarts, bread pudding, and fresh fruit ended the meal very nicely. My favorite dessert being the monkey bread.. . Service was great. Waitress was very friendly and gracious. She even joked with us that she might even see us at the clubs afterwards.. Everyone left very satisfied.
I want to preface this by saying that I'm not made of money, so I don't go to restaurants like this. Therefore I have no basis of comparison with other high price restaurants.. . Having said that, this was easily the best meal I've ever had. . . First, a side not, I wouldn't take too much from the people giving this place very low reviews. Perhaps some did somehow have a bad experience, but look at all the people who had a great experience. I think you most likely will too. And anyone complaining about how Tom is never there, give the man a break. He has over a dozen restaurants, a TV Show, and has a young son and lives on the East Coast. What, do you expect him to be at all his restaurants each month?. . Okay, end rant. Now to the food. I went with my brother and his girlfriend. We each had the American Wagyu chef's tasting course. It would have been nice to pick dishes a la carte, but thought this was easier.. . The bread was great. The salads were good too. I even enjoyed the beets, and I normally don't like beets.. . The potato puree was very smooth, creamy and flavorful. The mushroom course was great too.. . The steak was soooo good. The skirt steak and ribeye were both amazing. Tender, flavorful, and juicy. The quality of the beef was top notch. I've had Kobe beef in Kobe, and it is almost as good.. . The desserts were also top notch, from the monkey bread to the cheesecake to the ice creams and the sorbets.. . Since we weren't dressed for the occasion, we had to sit up at the bar, but it was no problem. The bartender was very knowledgeable and very personable. Service was great, but it was the beginning of dinner service, so I don't know what it's like at the tables on a busy night.. . With a beer, a glass of wine, and the food plus tax and tip, it came out to $200 each. But since it was so amazing, and also I was up $100 from the poker table that day, it was worth every penny.
This is by far my favorite place in Vegas so far.  The last two times I've been there we elected to be served family style so I've tried most of the steaks.  The sides with the meal are excellent as well.  I left this place full and satisfied.  Look forward to the return.  It's expensive so bring your wallet.
We dined here two years ago and i still think about it often. The lobster bisque was sooooo good.  We went with the American Grade Kobe and it was the single most tender piece of beef i have ever had.  Maybe one day, when we are ballin out of control, we will go for the real deal.  I loved the laid back, no need to rush service.  The chocolate souffle that was made to order still haunts me...best dessert of my life,
Oh man I'm so glad I finally got a chance to try this restaurant! Came here last night for dinner. I made a reservation so the hostess was prompt and seated us right awayin a booth! We had several waiters throughout the meal, from the person bringing our wine, taking our order, bringing out the food, to checking up on our meal. I thought it wasn't even overbearing and they all came at perfect times during the meal to check up on us. . . I got a pineapple upside cake cocktail to start. It was sooo tasty! Almost literally like drinking the cake itself. The server brought out these mini parkhouse dinner rolls in this small cast iron pan. Totally cute!! We ordered a charcuterie selection plate to start off our meal. That came with some mini pretzel rolls and a variety of mustards and sauces to eat with either the charcuterie or the pretzels. . . So we decided to try this "wagyu" beef I always hear about. My husband and I got the 12oz domestic wagyu skirt steak to split and a side of broccolini with garlic. When that came out, it was cooked medium rare like we asked. My first bite into the steak, heavenly!! The fattyness of the steak and the flavor was just soo good. 12 oz was a good choice to share. I LOVED the broccolini, delicious and went well with our steak. . . When we finished our meal, the waiter brought us two chocolate ganache tarts as my complimentary birthday present. Very intense chocolate. Knowing how well everything tasted that night even with the complimentary dessert, I knew I still wanted to order off their dessert menu.  My husband and I decided to get the chocolate souffle. It was really the best evenly cooked chocolate souffle. Came to table piping hot with the caramel chocolate sauce on the side and chocolate chip ice cream. The souffle was moist and very light but definitely filling. . . But the end of our meal, the chef came out to see how everything tasted and as part of my birthday gave me a copy of the menu I ordered from for that night. I thought that was a really nice touch.. . I will definitely add this to my "to eat again and again" list when I go back to Vegas. Tom Colicchio did a great job with the concept and the Chef there executed all the dishes in a simple and extremely tasty way.
Craftsteak the second time around was as superb as the first. The tasting menu is tough to pass off, but I had to try the short-ribs. I definitely see what the excitement is all about! TRY THE SHORT RIBS.. . I paired these with a Sandrone. Also, the waitress let me know that some snap pees had just come in that afternoon and reccomended them. The absolute demand for perfect product here shines as strong as ever.. . Greatness is rare. Craftsteak is wonderful for special ocassions.
This was our2nd time at Craft and wanted to post a review.... . Service - AMAZING.  Waiters and greeters alike were all so wonderful and very helpful.  My wife and I honestly felt like royalty.  . . Food - Excellent steaks and the Scallops were delicious.  If you have to try something though, try the short ribs, they melt in your mouth.  I had the fillet and it was good, but not overly impressive this time..  My wife on the other hand had the short ribs and they were to die for.  I kept stealing bites from her plate... it was very generous portion by the way.  I kept stealing bites and she still had extra to take back to the hotel room.  My wife loves their whipped potatoes so we just shared those... they are really delicious. . I told the water that my wife loves Creme Brulee but they did not have it on the menu.  A few minutes later her came back and said the Pastry Chef is here and would be happy to make it for her.  It was the best she ever had.  By the way I highly recommend having a cup of coffee at the end... it was really really good. . . The price is a little on the expensive side, but not too expensive compared to other fine dining in Vegas.
I ate here while at a convention and I have to say, the steak (NY) was a piece of steak perfection. It was cooked and flavored perfectly. I love a good - really good - steak.  My father and grandfathers all were in the wholesale meat business and I grew up eating really good quality meat. I love a prime dry aged steak - but not with just butter on it.  They seasoned it to perfection. My potatoes - the house mashed, were flavorful as was my Caesar salad. I savored every morsel and the wine list by the glass just topped it off. I don't remember what it was but it had the perfect balance - i am sure it was the best Cab on the menu.. . I dined by myself because most of my friends went to a class at the convention and it was my last night. The server took great care of me and friends came by to join me for dessert. I will not miss this place next time I am in Vegas. It's my new favorite!. . I didn't realize that this restaurant is related to the Craft in Los Angeles.  I can assure you I will be there soon for some special event and it it's near as good, my husband will be in steak heaven too.
The best steak house on the strip.  The roasted steaks are great.  Fries should not be missed!  Quite expensive.  Awesome service.  Incredible wine list (study it before you dine).
Ate here back in January 2011. We had huge expectations leading up since this was our showcase dinner for our entire Las Vegas trip. An excellent steakhouse with a nice atmosphere. We ordered the braised short ribs and hangar steak with a side of the yukon gold potato puree. The food was absolutely excellent and we could not from taking bite after bite. We also celebrated our anniversary here. They shared with us a nice desert plate of chocolates with "Happy Anniversary" written on the plate with chocolate sauce. For desert we ended up trying the monkey bread dish and it was just as excellent as the main course. One con with the restaurant is the photo person who comes around to all the tables and asks to take your picture and then tries to haggle with you later to purchase the picture they had just taken with you. The picture is nearly priced as much as an entree...ridiculous. We definitely want to come back and experience more of the menu. We would also love to try the desert tasting here too.
if you know me...you know I love food...you know I love steak...and thus I love me some Tom Colicchio.. . I went to vegas for a wedding and stayed at the MGM where Craftsteak is located.  I was hoping some other friends wanted to go and my wish came true.  . The food is so daggone GOOD!!! The steak was cooked perfect and the side dishes were delightful.  The service was nice as well.  I had to save a lil bit for my late night snack.. . Kudos Tom Colicchio and staff!!
Amazing steak house. The American grade wagyu new york strip was quite possibly the most amazing steak I have ever had. Yes, it is expensive (over $100) but it was a very big cut of meat and why not go big in Vegas? . Despite making reservations of 8:15, we didn't get seated until about 8:30 but it was a busy weekend with March Madness (Final Four) going on. . We unfortunately got seated next to some construction conventioneers who were pretty wasted. They were loud and very vulgar, the F-word was about every third word out of one guys mouth, and I think Marvin our server sympathized with us. He hooked us up with an appetizer and a dessert on the house! . I saw some people complain about the wait for the food and honestly, without Marvin bringing us out the complementary appetizer it would of been a pretty substantial wait.... A wait well worth it!
Best steak I have ever had. I had the surf and turf. Husband had the Bison Steak. They made me a special plate of rolls with no butter. Great drink specials. The prawns were huge. Menu is all al a carte so watch what you order. It can add up fast. The two of us spent $250.00, but it was well worth it.  Atmosphere is dark, low lights.
So, as a preface, I may not remember this entire gourmet experience because I was so blown away.  If you want to read up on this magical moment, refer to the reviews of Lan N., Alan W. and Steven H. because we all shared this magical moment together.. . There were so so so many amazing parts to this meal, I am hard pressed to remember them all.  I will try to give the play-by-play highlights of this Cinderella night.. . I will start with the sides that I remember the most: Yukon Gold Puree.  I have no idea what else is in here besides Yukon Potatoes and Butter, but whatever it is, holy crap it is addicting.  This innocuous, off-white color side dish packs flavor and velvety smooth texture and flavor and orgasms and flavor some more all into a copper serving bowl.  This dish singularly revived my love for potatoes.  Now, on to the steaks.. . I will give my shout out to our waiter for the evening on this one.  So I was part of a bachelor party of 8 gents, and we could not decide on entrees.  So as a group, we all decided to splurge on the Wagyu/Kobe taster at the server's recommendation.  OH MY GOD.   Thank you restaurant gods for blessing us with an awesome server.  The recommendation on the taster was spot on.  We got wagyu/kobe filet, ny strip, rib eye, skirt steak and flat iron.  The flavor... the texture... the color... all sooooo perfect.  My highlights for the night were definitely the skirt steak and the flat iron cut.  The flavors from those cuts were f***in amazing.. . Damn, I kinda want some right now...
Some AAA 4 Diamond restaurants are way too stuffy and elitist. Some try way too hard to fit in and be approachable to the "average" diner. Craftsteak is just right. The staff here makes everyone who takes the time to make a reservation here (and it takes forever, thanks MGM) really feel special and welcome. After all, if I'm dropping $100+ on dinner anywhere, it really should be special, and I'd better be welcome.. . The service staff here is so polite, and professional, and friendly, and attentive. I've also never noticed so much as a hint of snobbery from any of the staff here; average Joe's are treated just like movers and shakers, captains of industry, or movie stars, or her Majesty, the Queen. . . Anyway, the food (kinda why I've been here three times). This may sound crazy, but the dinner rolls here are consistently the best part of the meal, and that is by no means a let-down. They are warm, pillowy, yeasty rolls with melted butter and sea salt on top. They're crispy like a wafer on top, luxuriously rich in the middle, come out of the pan steaming hot, and with even more whole butter on top, they're the perfect bread course. . Side note: The table butter was not cold, and neither was it so warm that I couldn't spread it. Perfect bread with perfect butter. . . I had the lobster bisque for my appetizer. It was warm, silky, lobster-y goodness, and there's like half a tail's worth of lobster in the bottom. It's a great way to start a steak dinner. . . This time around I opted for the ribeye. It was a prime ribeye. It weighed 16 oz with a bone before it was cooked. It was beautifully cooked. It was rested, but still hot. There were some delicious herbs and some buttery goodness on the steak, but neither was a detriment. The steak was perfect.  . . Side dishes were no afterthoughts, either. Spring pea risotto with tender braised pork was the best risotto I've eaten in my life. I'm baffled as to how they made it. Spring ramps were sauteed simply and paired well with the steaks, and some perfectly roasted hen of the woods mushrooms were a lot of a very good thing. . . Thank God I saved room for desert. . . I was going to try the monkey bread pudding, but when I saw a chocolate souffle with hazelnut ice cream, I almost died. When the dish arrived , I popped the top, poured the caramel sauce down the hatch, and tried it with some ice cream. . . Wow. . . That's all I can say about that. If you've read this far down on this review, thank you! But, also please try the chocolate souffle at Craftsteak. I will probably never taste anything so delicious in my life.
Dinner for two came to $325 including tax and a 20% tip. . . We ordered off the the three-course menu. For this we got (total) two drinks, two salads, two appetizers, two steaks, three or four sides, and four desserts. Everything was truly delicious -- though the meal was two months ago and I've forgotten most of the details. I've been to great steakhouses and this is as good as if not better than the best.. . Staff treated us like VIPs.
So I was a bit torn about whether to give this restaurant 4* or 5* cause I didn't like it as much as my husband, but I don't like steak as much as him, so I have to go the trusty 4.5* rounded up to 5*.. . Now, even though it was 5* and a great restaurant, there were some definite pluses and minuses.  First pluses:. . AMAZING steak tartare - this was SOOOOOOOOO good!  . Wagyu skirt steak - really tender and tasty. Potato gratin - perfectly cooked, but I wish it had a bit more cheese and a little less cream. . The minuses:. Service was a little spotty.. It was weird not to have bread plates (the bread, btw, was very tasty, but not OMG AMAZING). I just expected a little more from the steak. . That being said, if you like steak and you want a good steak, come here!  Things were cooked perfectly and everything was really tasty!  You will not be disappointed in the quality of the steak.. . Oh, and we ordered 1 appetizer, 2 glasses wine, 2 steaks, 1 side, and 1 dessert for us and we were pretty full!  So if we would have done the tasting, we would have DIED!  Ordering a la carte really shouldn't be a problem :)
The best steak place you will ever eat at. EVER. I've been here four times and I'm never let down. The rolls are great and I recommend you start with the lemon drop and key lime martini.. . Advice. If you're going to try the Kobe Steak, don't go cheap on it. A skirt steak will be a skirt steak whether it's a Kobe or not so don't order it unless you like that cut. A friend did this because he wanted to try a Kobe steak and he wasn't impressed with what he got. Go with the rib eye. The mashed potatoes are great too. Honestly this is my all time favorite place to eat. I've tried the other steak houses- Carnevino, Gallhagers, Masteros... this is it. . . It will be pricey, we usually spend $200-$250 for two but it's worth it. Soooo worth it.. . Oh, and I've never had bad service here.
Just realized I never gave an update on my dining experience. Everything was delicious and the service was impeccable! Definitely a great deal if you're going to see a show there!
Craftsteak is delicious and the very best!!!
I had high hopes for Craftsteak, and it definitely delivered. Fantastic food in a classy yet unpretentious environment, and amazing service. . . Some notes: . -We ordered the cheaper steaks on the menu, and they were AMAZING. Melt in your mouth. Hard to imagine how good the Waygu and other pricey ones would be. But don't feel like you'll be shortchanged by ordering the cheaper ones. . -Don't skip salads. The fava bean salad was the best thing I ate. Who knew a salad could be so good. . -Sit at the bar before dinner if you have time. Our reservation was running a bit late, so we had a drink. The bartenders make the most delicious, strong drinks. . . If you love steak and want a classy dinner in Vegas, go here! You won't be disappointed.
AMAZING!!! Wow! Had the most delectable steak with warm frisee salad just an awesome experience ALL AROUND!!
I will not go into detail as many other reviews do, forgive me.. . My fiancee and I have been to many steakhouses and without a shadow of a doubt we both agree this is THE best steak we've ever had as well as an overall fantastic experience. We've been here twice (last time was Christmas week, I know I'm a bit late).. . The wait staff was on their A game the entire night, never presenting themselves at an inconvenient moment, always at the right time like mind readers! The selection of wine (IMO) is superb. All of the food from the salads to the desert where delicious. Our steaks where cooked perfectly with just the right amount of juice and tenderness and fat and just wow. Excellent. I cannot praise them enough.. . There isn't anything negative about this place that I can think of. . . If you love steak you will absolutely LOVE Craftsteak. If you are in town, make this a sure stop. . . Dinner for 2 with a bottle of wine and a much earned tip ~$275
MGM Grand has a sign out front that says "The City of Entertainment". MGM Grand is more like "The City of Restaurants". There are so many good choices in this resort that it is very hard to choose which upscale place you'd like to dine. Well, look no further. . . Craftsteak is easily accessible if you come from the Valet or the parking garage. If you walked in the front door of the MGM Grand by the strip, you have a long hike to get here. . . The food is excellent, the portion sizes are great and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. . . My previous three journeys into the Craftsteak, I ordered the 16oz Skirt Steak. Not the Wagyu version, the base version. Pretty much, if you were ordering cars at a steak house......you'd have your choice between the BMW 3-Series or the Toyota Camry. I always picked the Toyota. Why? Well, the skirt steak that they served at $36/16oz was sufficient and delicious. . . Unfortunately, it seems based on their menus online that they only have the Wagyu kobe skirt steak now at a hefty $69/12oz. If you want a BMW 3-Series steak, knock yourself out. . . The truffled mac and cheese and the other sides here are excellent, but unnecessary.  You only need the steak here because if you order lots of sides, you'll be wasting lots of food.. . All in all the decor is nice, and the service is excellent which makes Craftsteak a perfect place for a quiet dinner.  I'll recommend this place to everybody I meet who stays at MGM Grand, however, I'll go across the street to Stripsteak @ Mandalay Bay for my favorite cut of skirt steak.
We had an awesome dining experience at Craftsteak in Las Vegas (Inside MGM Grand). All of the food was fabulous. The atmosphere was romantic and very chic. Exactly the type of place you want to go while in Las Vegas.  My date and I had a large booth all to ourselves.  . . Best of all, the staff is extremely knowledgeable about gluten and celiac disease. Our waiter went through the menu and pointed out the (very few) items that I could not have. The waiter informed us that the restaurant had pretty much done away using wheat flour to because of the frequency of diners with celiac and wheat allergies.  The chef and cooking staff are schooled on cross-contamination, too. Also, they have an excellent wine list and I had a champagne cocktail in place of dessert that was like heaven in a glass.
Started with one of each of the three oysters, then the two person porterhouse.  The cut was enormous! It is expensive, but trust me, you will get your money's worth.  We also had the twice whipped potatoes, the deep fried zucchini, and the maui onion.  I must recommend all of these sides! All this food was more than enough to gain a taste of the restaurant and to satisfy our appetite.
This place is fabulous! Trips to Vegas are not complete without a meal at Craftsteak. . . The steaks here are so delicious I leave completely stuffed but wanting more! The side items are incredible too. . . My husband and I did make the mistake the first time of ordered 3 side items- boy was that a mistake! The sides are family style and large enough for 4+ people! We've learned how to handle the menu now, as well as aggressive waiters! . . Something other than steak to really highlight is their Tomato and Mozzarella Caprese Salad- they serve this common appetizer with toasted hazelnuts which make their version about as good as it gets!
Returned again for my best friend's birthday. Again, everything was impeccable, the service, the food, the cocktails, the ambiance. . . This is my favorite restaurant, ever. You will never see me in Vegas unless I have reservations here.
I have never written a review within 20 minutes of finishing dinner, but I just finished an incredible meal.. . We showed up about 10 minutes early and were seated right away.. . Our waiter Marvin was incredibly knowledgeable and had a great attitude and took care of us real well.  He guided us through the menu, but we wanted to keep it somewhat basic.  There were 4 of us...2 filets and 2 rib eyes.  All were cooked exactly as requested.. . The sides were sweet corn and Marvin's recommendation, the risotto.  I couldn't believe it, but every bite I took of anything was just better than the next!. . Drinks were refilled without request.. . Tom Colicchio's concentration on quality meat and seasonal vegetables were evident as everything tasted great.. . Just an amazing steak dinner.  I'm not too sure about spending the $200+ per person, but if I was to try it anywhere I would do it here.
We have visited Craftsteak about 7 or 8 times now that we live here in town and we never regret it! In fact, we often venture out to try new restaurants and find ourselves longing for Craftsteaks food, service and ambiance. . . My boyfriend and I have begun to split one steak and its the perfect amount-we usually get the NY strip or Ribeye depending on our mood. The steaks are always melt-in-your-mouth delicious!! We ALWAYS get the yukon gold mashed potatos and the maui onions which are never less than amazing. We have had the caesar salad before which is very good as well. The rolls that they bring are addicting! . . The service is always top-notch, friendly, speedy, and classy without being stuffy. We absolutly LOVE this place! A must do for out of towners and locals!!
Went into Craftsteak with high expectations and after It was all said and done, I was not disappointed at all. I really don't know where to start because everytyhing was good from start to finish.. The complimentary bread was great, I started off with the lobster bisque which was tasty & smooth, oysters were fresh and of good quality. The highlight of it all was the Wagyu Kobe skirt steak in which I admit is the best steak I have ever tasted!! ( and I've tried various steaks from different places prepared in various ways) the steak was very tender and juicy the way it should be. The sides that I had with the steak (huge scallops, mushroom medley, white corn, yukon gold mashed potatoes) were awesome, no complaints whatsoever. . The service was great as well, the waiter was knowledgeable and on top of things, the atmoshere was lively and well lit.. Craftsteak is located on the strip @ MGM Hotel so if you are ever in Sin City and looking for a great steakplace to eat, I highly recommend this place. It's very worth it!!
Superb meal. Had the wagyu course, it was perfection.. . Before the meal, the bartender recommended a great scotch based on my normal brands, and it was delicious too.. . I don't give many five star reviews. I've been to craftsteak several times now, and they've earned it every time.  Service, drink, food - great!
Let's just start by saying that if red meat always tasted this good I would have eaten more red meat in my life. This was easily one of the top three meals I have ever eaten. And the service was fantastic to boot. . . Waygu beef is their specialty, so why would you not get the Waygu beef?  It's not cheap but c'mon, this is Vegas, my guess is you've already wasted as much on slots/poker/craps/roulette/etc. If you're not a local, when in Vegas, live it up! . . We decided to get the three course meal, and it was an obscene amount of food. Between two of you, you get three half salads, lobster bisque, two types of Waygu beef, three sides and four deserts. Redic, but oh so delicious. When you look at the cost of that, compared to the cost of the filet, just go with the three course meal, you can't go wrong. Nothing disappointed - and even though I could only eat one bite of the monkey bread, man that was one delicious bite. . . Sure, you can find a less expensive place to eat, but you won't find a more delicious steak.
Amazing dinner. Gf took me here for a bday dinner. Best beef I ever had!'
Hands down one of the best meals (and one of the most expensive lol) I have ever eaten. Every single time I visit Las Vegas I book at least one dinner here. I've tried just about everything on the menu and it is all fantastic. Better book way ahead or have the MGM concierge book for you though. You will not regret it!
We have been to Craftsteak two times in two years, and we sat at the same table both times. We like consistency!. . Last year, we went with the short ribs and lobster bisque as those were the signature dishes. Both were delicious. My fiance was able to cut his short ribs with a fork. I had hangar steak and it was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. . . This year, we wanted to try something new and got the rib eye, surf and turf, sweet corn and baby spinach. The sweet corn was too salty, but they made a new batch for us immediately. The rib eye may have been even better than the hangar steak from last year. . . For dessert, we had the summer fruit plate and two scoops of ice cream (brown sugar sour cream and hazelnut chocolate chip). All of the fruits were perfectly in season, including pluots (my favorite!). The ice creams blew our minds. . . On top of all this, the service was wonderful. Both years, they were able to arrange our table so we could sit side by side, without us even asking. . . I have great respect for Tom Colicchio after eating here. We will likely make this restaurant a Vegas tradition for all trips in the future.
I can honestly say this was the best meal of my life. . . My BF and I started at the bar and we had done well that day at the tables, so we ordered a bottle of champagne. The bartender was awesome, so friendly, and helped us pick out just the right choice. Once the table was ready, they expertly handled the transfer of the champagne to the table, so it was just waiting for us - on ice - when we got there. . . We had 2 waiters who were both awesome, and we were sitting next to David Spade, which kind of added to the snob appeal...lol. (Funny side note...he was with a super hot chick and a Chris Farley look-alike, and was sitting on his KNEES in the booththe whole time. Like a kid. Weird.). . We started with the Charcuterie Sampler...I had never heard of this, but it's like a selection of fine shaved meats (mostly raw). I believe there was raw bacon in there and it was heavenly. . . The waiter paced the evening perfectly, and he helped me select my meal. I went with the filet medium rare paired with Diver Sea Scallops. You got to choose a sauce on the side so I went with the bernaise. Now, I am a HUGE steak fan/snob so it took a lot for me to go with the scallops and not just get a huge Flinstone-style hunk of meat. But the waiter did not steer me wrong. . . Seriously, it was food porn. I could not stop looking at it, talking about it, tasting it, etc. The steak was cooked to perfection and the scallops were the best seafood I've ever had in my life. They had a sort of sweet, almost mapley flavor, and I was seriously bummed when there were gone. I did not share one bite. . . I don't remember what my BF had...sorry was just too obsessed with my meal. . . Everything about this place was perfect. I am trying Prime next month so I'll let you know how that compares!. . Oh - the cab driver on the way there was very impressed we were going there and said it's known as the best steakhouse in Vegas. . . Go! Enjoy!
This is simply one of the best meals I've had in my life (and I've had a lot of good meals). We ordered the Chef's Selection three course menu, which includes two cuts of steak and a plethora of appetizers and sides.. . I was so full after this meal that I skipped breakfast the next day, and ate a light lunch.. . All of the dishes were outstanding, but my favorites were the rib eye and filet steaks, the warmed frisee salad with pork bits and egg, ALL of the side dishes (asparagus, wild mushrooms and a mushroom-topped risotto) and the home-made sorbets.. . Extra points: my favorite Scotch is The Glenroths, which is brand that is not commonly carried in many bars and usually bars will only stock one bottle. Craftsteak had bottles from 7 different years on hand, first time I've ever seen that.
I'm always hesitant to give 5 stars but I think Craftsteak deserves it! I went there for my goodbye dinner with my old team at work. We ordered off of their three course family style menu and were able to sample 4 or 5 cuts of steak. Every single one was seasoned well and cooked to perfection!. . The sides were to die for as well. The yukon gold puree was so creamy and delicious, asparagus was divine, corn was AMAZING, the mushroom assortment was perfect on top of the steak and the carrots were good as well. The salads were all quite tasty and don't get me started on the desserts! . . One of the nicest and most delicious steak dinners I've ever had. We even opted for a delicious bottle of wine that was paired perfectly with our meal and the service was impeccable! . . This is a place that everyone should try at least once. You shall not be disappointed.
Oh. My. Gosh.. . My two girlfriends and I went to Craftsteak for a fancy dinner our first night in Vegas.  We all enjoy food, so we decided to get the Chef's Menu.. . The menu was kind of confusing since there were four kinds of meat listed, and that's it.  We thought we'd each choose an appetizer, a steak, and a dessert...but we were wrong.We kept asking our waiter, "so, what comes with it?" and he'd say, "we like to do this this this this and this" and we just nodded, not really understanding.. . When we ordered the Angus beef chef's menu, we had no idea what we were in for.  We basically got EVERYTHING:  four appetizers, three steaks, and five desserts served family style.  We brought a nice bottle of wine to go with dinner ($35 corkage) and ordered martinis, but all the food soaked up any kind of buzz we could have had.. . The highlight was the corn. Holy crap was that good.  It's just roasted corn, browned butter, white onion and green onion.  My tummy is still smiling.. . Go to Craftsteak, order from the Chef's menu, then thank heaven for Tom Colicchio.. . The only way it could have been better is if I ordered the Australian Waygu and Curtis Stone cut and fed it to me.
I had been anxiously waiting for our trip to Vegas so that I could try craftsteak. I am happy to report that it was awesome! My husband and I tried the chef's menu, which I highly recommend. The house bread is to die for...buttery and salted...yum! Although, the Wagyu (spelling ?) beef was fantastic, the ny strip stole the show. Everything tasted fantastic and portions were actually generous...even for a tasting menu. The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent. We had the opportunity to eat at several highly rated restaurants during our recent trip to Vegas, including Joel robechon's, and craft was our hands down favorite.
My foodie friend recommended this place to me when she found out I was going. She said it waslike the best meal she ever had, and I completely agree with her. . . We made late reservations after a show, we got there earlier than expected but the staff was more than accommodating. They seated us way before our reservation time. The ambiance of the restaurant was so inviting, it would have been great for a large group of people celebrating and a more intimate date type situation. . . We chose to do the chef's menu. There were just way too many selection and this way was easier. For the chef's menu you choose from I think three types of meat, the angus beef, the domestic wagyu, and a surf and turf. The prices are set accordingly, 115, 140, and 160 respectively. Since everything is shared, you can't choose an option different from your table. (Maybe a bigger group can, but it was just me and my BF and we had to choose the same type of meat) We let the chef choose what cuts to give us and how to prepare, you can't go wrong there. They also gave us the option of choosing what sides we wanted, or just have the chef choose what he thought would go best with the main dishes. We let the chef choose and loved everything. The roasted red bell peppers with garlic was my favorite. The wagyu beef tartare was freakin amazing!! There was also a plate of various types of mushrooms, you'd love it if you're a mushroom fan. The potato puree was delicious, buttery and creamy. There was also grilled prawns, an arugala salad, and roasted corn....all were delish. Even the complimentary dinner rolls were awesome!!! They came in the baking dish they were made in and were sprinkled with sea salt. . . There was soooo much food, even big eaters like me and the BF had trouble finishing everything. The meal was worth every penny...so I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who's celebrating in Vegas or just wants a great meal experience. The service was top notch, they made sure we were comfortable, understood the menu options, and made recommendations to us for drinks they thought we'd like.
My wife is a big fan of the owner.  She asked me to go have dinner our first night in vegas.  I really wasn't a big fan when I saw the restaurant. Than once we got our bread rolls It got my attention.  We ordered the four course meal me and my wife.  All the courses were amazing. I and my wife really enjoyed every bite.  . I wouldn't go back, I thought it was a bit expensive! $$$$$$ . I mean you get what you pay for. This place is top of the line of services and quality food.
The wagyu is amazing! Great service to boot.
we had a big dinner here, 14 of us. went with the domestic waygo tasting menu, which was totally the way to go for a large table.. . it was easy to get a reservation, the place wasn't stuffy and pretentious, and the steak lived up to the hype.
The service is amazing. They treat you like royalty there. Great selection of wines! The steaks are so savory, tender, heavenly, and delicious. The fresh bread they give you while you wait for your food and is the most addicting thing I have ever come across. It tastes too good. I got fried Zucchini blossoms/flower and it was so good. It went well with my steak! I would def. come back here again next time I'm in Vegas.
First off let me say that my wife and I pick a celebrity chef to visit foryour anniversary every year.  We were split on this one, my wife not wanting to like it because of Tom's on-air personality, secondly because she isn't that big of a beef fan, but was won over very quickly.. . Service was exemplary.  The food certainly met and exceeded our expectations.. . We were seated promptly for our reservation.  Greeted by the wait staff and presented with a tray of warm Parker house rolls that were perfectly yeasty with a nice fresh topping of sea salt.. . We opted for the Wagyu chef's tasting menu with the "surf" option added in.. . The appetizers were wonderful.  The frisee salad was tossed at the table and was the highlight of the 4 appetizers that came with the dinner.. . The main course consisted of cooked to perfection...medium as my wife tends to like her meat a little more cooked than I.  The rib eye was my favorite, the flank steak was her favorite.  The butter poached lobster was de-shelled at the table for a little theatrics and didn't disappoint either.. . Finally it came to desserts.  They were all very good.  Its a toss up which we enjoyed more, the chocolate souffle with hazelnut ice cream or the vanilla bean cheese cake, regardless they were all very good.. . This was not a cheap meal out but worth every penny for the experience and service we were given.  Certainly would recommend to others and repeat once we run out of celebrity chef's in Las Vegas to visit.
Hubby and I had the rib eye, mushrooms, and their version of mashed potatoes.  The steak was so delicious as it was bursting with wonderful flavor.  The shiitake mushrooms were amazing!  The mashed potatoes was just ok.  I initially ordered a glass of white wine, but decided a few sips later that I needed a glass of Pinot Noir to pair with my steak instead.  Our waitress gladly obliged with my request.  . . I wish I can dock off half a star because of the picture they take of you at your table.  A lady with a camera came to us and asked if we wanted a picture.  Thinking it would be like Morton's, a complimentary picture of us in a little cardboard frame folder.  The lady came back out with a leather frame folder, about 11x13" or so, with two of our pictures enclosed.  Granted, we didn't like how we looked in them, then she threw the price at us of $60.  Heck no!  I'm not paying that much for dinner pictures that we don't even like.  We're not obligated to buy it, but it made me feel bad because the poor lady went through all that.
Every time my husband and I go to Vegas, we make it a point to have dinner here at least once during our trip.. . Every experience we've had here has been A+ and 5 Star. . . I normally start my dinner with their Lobster Bisque, which I love more than most people. Second up would be the Fois Gras, normally a special and sometimes on the menu - paired with some type of fruit compote and deliciously creamy. Third, always my A5 Filet with Yukon Gold Puree and/or Wild Mushroom Risotto.I finish up with Vanilla Bean Cheesecake and coffee.. . My husband, well, he is all over the place and orders something different almost every time. I will say, he has NEVER been disappointed. . . We almost always get a bottle of wine, or bring our own if it is a special blend or occasion, to have with our meal. . . Now, for all of this amazing food, it is extremely pricey.. . Our meals never total less than $600 for just the two of us. I assure you, if you plan on splurging in Vegas and want a solid and hearty meal - you go here. Period.. . I love it and I totally plan on coming back again and again and again. Hope to see some of you there!
We did the tasting menu and had a few different cocktails. We had the steaks done Medium rare and everything came out perfect. . . My favorite of the night was the NY Strip, perfectly seasoned and seared.. . If you do the tasting menu, make sure everyone is VERY hungry, we were barely able to eat 3/4 of the food brought to us, which made for a very full rest of the night.
Favorite place in Vegas. Must go everytime I am here.
I wish I had 9 stars to give. I've eaten here before, I'll eat here again. Both the food and the service are top notch. . . Let's start with drinks, the Key Lime and Pineapple Upside Down Cake martinis are both knock out delicious. Get one and be thankful you won't go another day without drinking it.. . I don't do apps here because the sheer size of the steak will be plenty. I split the mashed potatoes with a friend, we each had plenty so no need to order your own side. I got the Rib Eye, which was large and amazing. Also on table were the NY Strip, large and amazing, and some fries, which were plentiful and amazing. . . Call ahead for a reservation, and yes I kept calling everything large and amazing for a reason. You won't be let down here.
Again have had the extreme pleasure of demolishing my food at this wonderful establishment, again got the most expensive thing on the menu(A5 wagyu) and was superb, maybe 6 or 7th time in the last two years and will be back as many as possible till i pass, food & service were on point! We had the waitresses(there was only one for a long time) both were great, hope to be back real soon!
It may not show in my yelp stats but I eat out quite a bit and I believe this is the best meal I have ever had. We had the chef menu and it was everything you could have asked for.
Boyfriend and I ate here on a recent trip to Vegas. It was wonderful.  We had a fairly early reservation - 6:30 - so it wasn't terribly crowded.  The service was very prompt and attentive.  . . Once we ordered they brought out warm bread rolls.  They were soft and pretty tasty.  Nothing out of the norm though.  We each had steaks and they were fabulous. Cooked to perfection.  The sides of potato puree and asparagus were both quite good.  The roasted corn side dish was heavenly.  I honestly don't know what all is in it but it was the most awesome corn I've ever had....and I'm not a big veggie person.. . Servings are generous on the side dishes and everything is served family style so you can pass them around and share.. . We were so full we weren't able to get dessert.
By far the most expensive and BEST meal I had during my trip to Vegas last August. I didn't splurge on the Waygu beef, but my dinner mates did and said it was amazing. I had the Oysters to start, Angus Beef Filet with Scallops, Asparagus, Potato Puree, and sampled some of my friends' dessert. The fact that I can remember nearly everything I had speaks volumes. Service was outstanding. . . BTW, What happens in Vegas doesn't stay in Vegas when you're so dehydrated that you fall backwards with your chair. This happened at a large top table directly next to our booth. While we can only assume that the diner (obviously in Vegas with a group of friends) was probably dehydrated from, well, drinking like he was in Vegas, it was interesting to see how management handled such an event (leaving the diner on the floor next to us until he recovered from passing out.) No paramedics were needed and the table left shortly, but certainly an odd experience to accompany our dinner.
Wonderful steak, would have to say this was the best steak that I have ever eaten.  Staff was very friendly.  I would recommend getting a reservation a couple days or just showing up around 5-6.  You should get seated.  It's a little pricey, but everything in Vegas is.  Enjoy
First lets start with the decor. Warm and inviting, comfortable seating, beautiful scenery. The wait staff were accomodating, explained the menu and really knew about all of the food. Best, best, best meal of my life. First of all they butcher all of the meat there, it melts in your mouth. When we arrived the chef was offering a special where we could taste many different items from the menu. The scallops were like butter, the bread was hot and the butter was so soft. The yukon potatoes are whipped for 20 minutes and let me tell you it was like a party in my mouth. The meat was so tender and delicious that you didnt even need a steak knife. then when you didnt think it could get better, they brought us this "pecon, sticky bun" called monkey bread....I have never in all of my years tasted such gooodness. Now dont get me wrong this meal comes with a heafty price tag, but let me tell you it was worth every single dollar. If I go back to Vegas I will eat there again. you must go!!!
I've been to Craftsteak two times. The first time was with a good friend, and I was immediately impressed by the unpretentiousness of the service and the relaxed demeanor of all its clients inside. There is something also very private about the acoustics of the restaurant--as you would be able to dine with a business client and talk shop or have a louder, more boisterous time with some friends and not feel self-conscious. On my first visit, our service was excellent and the two steaks we ordered were fantastic prepared. I really recommend any of their dry-aged beef ($45-65), as the Wagyu is a little too outrageous for a simple steak dinner ($90-$110). . . My second time was with a group of three others for my twenty-sixth birthday. Even though we got the last seating of the night, our service wasn't rushed and our waiter had the utmost patience with one of our slightly demanding, pretentious friend. We all ordered steaks (I never realized how amazing a dry-aged T-Bone can be) and the accompanying sides were delicious. Do yourself a favor and get a great steak in Vegas at Craftsteak. Its an awesome way to slow down the evening and enjoy yourself outside of the hustle of that MGM casino!
WOOOW! This place is so good there is not much to say! I think this may be my shortest review!. . Steak = Amazing! First time trying the Kobe beef, yeah it's pricey but totally worth it!. Service= Awesome! I seem to compare a lot of restaurant service to Craftsteak because it has been def UP there with all of my dining experiences. . . If you like/LOVE steak and are in Vegas...head over to the MGM and check it out!!
I may have had the best meal I've ever eaten at this restuarant.. . My Boyfriend and I came here before seeing "O" and had an amazing experience. The ambiance is nice, although just a little on the loud side. Our server was amazing, while I found the sommelier to be a tad pretentious. . . I had the Wagyu steadk and it was absolutely incredible while my BF had the regular filet. We also shared the following sides: garlic spinach, glazed carrots, and the whipped potatoes. Absolutely incredible. The steak was cooked in a castiron dish which created it's own sauce with rosemary and other herbs. I should have licked the plate clean it was that amazing. If only I wasn't full to the point of bursting, we would have tried dessert.. . While it was definitely for a special occassion given the price, I would go there again in a heart beat. Highly recommended for a special night out.
Beautiful, delicious dinner. Awesome service. It was a fantastic experience. First of all the Porterhouse rolls were a little bit of heaven, with some flaked salt on top and just-right butter (not too soft or hard). I ordered the Lobster Bisque (yummm - enormous chunks of lobster meat in a bowl, then they poured the bisque over it from a copper pot- fantastic), and the warm Frisee Salad with Egg and Bacon to go with. Our server said, "This is good if you like blue cheese." Which I DO. It was rich and fantastic. I love a soft egg as dressing. I split the entree shortribs with my friend it it was melt-in-your mouth amazing. Our sides were potato puree (MMMMMMMM), baby spinach and brussells sprouts. Just incredible. It was one of the best meals I'd EVER had. Impeccable service, wonderful decor. The only thing that didn't fit was the loud music, which somehow didn't add to the ambiance. I still give it 5 stars. Loved it.
okay, let me just say.. the best steak i've ever had in my entire 22 years of life had to be their austrailian wagyu filet mignon. i had their rib-eye which was amazing. but.. my.. my.. that wagyu my friend ordered. one bite of that and you know why they charge almost $300 for that piece of meat alone. just melts in your mouth.. and for 5 whole seconds you can hear that little voice in your head.. "did i just die and go to steak heaven?" their sides were delicious as well. i recommend the brussel sprouts, mashed potatoes, and their risotto. everything was just perfect.
I pretty much just had the best steak of my entire freakin life.. . Came here for the bf's birthday. Weren't quite sure what to order so we went with the domestic wagyu surf & turf which came with lobster bisque, 3 choices of salad, new york strip, ribeye, 3 choices of sidedishes and dessert all for about $160 per person. . . Lobster bisque: Took a sip and was transported to heaaavvveeennn!!! The bisque was just so creamy and smooth with little bits of lobster meat in it and I also think a slight hint of curry? Who knows. Who cares. It was freakin delicious. . . Salad: Caesar, market spinach, wild arugula. Caesar is your typical caesar with anchovy.. interesting but tasty. The market spinach would have to have been my favorite. I thought the port wine really complemented the spinach, apples, and walnuts. The wild arugula was alright I guess.. nothing special. . . New York Strip & Ribeye: Honestly a baby could have eaten this. Why? Because its melt-in-your-mouth steak. First bite and you probably only chew 2-3 times. Yes. It is that good. Between the two I would have to favor the new york strip just because it was probably less chewy. Both were done in a medium rare.. . Sides: Baby spinach, Mushroom assortment, potato puree. yum yum triple yum! All three of the side dishes were pretty much done perfectly. And I'm sure all their other sides are done just as well so I guess pick whichever you like. You won't be disappointed!. . Dessert: Cinnamon monkey bread, fruit platter, espresso chocolate & raspberry sorbet?? Forgot. Anyways, I'm not a big fan of cinnamon but the monkey bread only had a hint of cinnamon so still quite tasty. I heard thats their number 1 dessert. The sorbet and the fruit platter were tasty as well. . . Overall this place was excellent. The staff were helpful and friendly and very attentitive. All our close-to-empty water glasses were filled promptly. Ambiance was nice as well. Of course I will be coming back!!!................... once I soak up the pool of tears I cried after seeing the bill.. heh. heh. . . . Oh, I also heard that the dress code was business casual but honestly I saw people in their wearing sweats so I'm sure a t-shirt and jeans are fine. They won't turn you away if you have the money ya know what I mean?
We still love Craftsteak and had great service at dinner.  We learned that you don't have to order the tasting menus and you can still enjoy a really good dinner. (And dinner CAN cost less than a monthly car payment!). When we go back, I think we'd continue to put together our own menu as opposed to the tasting menu - its more affordable, you get to really enjoy each dish you select, and you don't leave the restaurant feeling so crazy-full.. . In addition to our other favorites, we now discovered:. . - Short Ribs . - Orange Basil Sorbet. - Lemon Buttermilk Ice Cream. - Japanese Cucumber Salad with Watercress. . All amazing, and all new favorites at Craftsteak
By far one of the best dinning experiences I had.  The menu changes everyday which is a unique touch, the wait staff is attentive and very knowledgeable with the courses provided.  The ambiance is romantic, most restaurants a person cant even hear their own thoughts let alone their company, but the noise from table to table was tolerable.  Very pricey, but I believe you get what you pay for.  Me and my boyfriend chose to get the Surf and Turf pre-fixed menu.. Which was 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, 3 sides - of our choice and 3 deserts that were chosen by the chief.  Let me tell you, every bite was heaven. it was evenly proportioned, and my mouth is watering as i think about it..  I had the best lobster I've ever had, the steak was tender and flavorful.   It is a MUST GO!!! if your wanting to do something special for your man or woman.
I've been to many top notch steakhouses, and this place seemed to get it right. Juicey, cooked right, and flavor that would fallow you for the rest of the night. Loved it.
Ate here on New Year's Eve as a party of 6. The service was top notch as it should be given the prices. The wait staff was very friendly and very attentive. We had a reservation and were sat within minutes of arriving.. . The wait staff encouraged the tasting menu (to the point of being aggressive about it). We went with their suggestion which turned out to be a great decision. We received 6 apps, 6 steaks, 6 sides and 6 desserts. The portions were generous and everyone got to try everything (we even had some leftovers for the next day).. . We had 6 different steaks and everyone choose a different one as their favorite. My personal favorite was the Wagyu strip steak. Perfectly cooked and just melted in my mouth. Every dish was delicious however a couple were a bit boring (grilled asparagus, roasted vegetables, caesar salad). . . Overall we had a memorable New Year's Eve dinner and I will be back for another Wagyu strip steak on my next trip to Vegas.
Wow. Amazing! the bf took me here by surprise after he remembered me being pouty over the fact that he got to eat the australian wagyu here without me.. Made reservations and got seated immediately. . Started off with some of their homemade bread. My bf was raving to me about their bread here. I tried to resist the bread since I didn't want to fill my stomach all awhile he was eating 3 already, not to mention we ordered extra bread to-go!! Haha!. Next up were oysters that were SO FRESH me and my bf's eyes both lit up both thinking and saying "this is the best oyster i've ever eaten in my life!!!" the sauces-horseradish, cocktail sauce, and some red vinegar onion which i think was the best compliment to the oysters were so so amazing!!!!. Ordered the Australian Wagyu steak and the Lobster as well as the pureed potatoes and maui onions to compliment our dish.. Steak was the best steak i had in my life thus far.It better be if its $300!  Although quite small in size compare to bigger steaks on the menu, it was perfect for us to share along with the lobster. The lobster came in a mini copper pot in which i believe there were 2 lobsters cut into easy to eat chunks soaking in a buttery sauce. . . The pureed potatoes were so creamy and delicate tasting. Usually if you were to mash or puree the potatoes too much it will become pasty and gummy but they got the science right on making the perfect "pureed" potatoes! I would love to eat this if i got my wisdom tooth out was the first thought in my head. LOL The grilled maui onions were perfect compliment to the meal. Maui onions are sweet. They were cut in thick slices, grilled with a sprig of rosemary on top. The rosmeary complimented the onions so well, I will also start doing that in my home cooking. . . Overall it was a delicious dining experience. I'd like to try Nobhill Tavern next as my bf's sister thinks their steaks are better! ? . . I found it funny-maybe it is normal for a fancy restaurant? but when my bf went to use the restroom, he left his napkin crumbled on the table. A waiter came by out of nowhere and folded his napkin neatly not paying attention as if i was there or not and went on his way. I was sitting there by myself giggling for some reason...
I had the best meal of my life at Craftsteak.  It was also the most expensive meal of my life.. . I ordered the vegetarian tasting (it was on the online menu that I viewed, but not the restaurant menu, and they were kind enough to allow me to have it), my husband got the wagyu beef.. . My meal was mostly comprised of side dishes.  This might sound bad, but it was far from.  Everything they brought out was exceptional.  I don't like carrots.  I practically licked the dish of the carrots they brought me.  As I said, this is the best meal I've ever had.. . My husband really enjoyed everything too.  Especially the meat.. . I would come back here in a heartbeat and think nothing of dropping over $300 on dinner and drinks for two.  The food was that amazing.  The service was great too.  But the food was the star.
I have to add to my review that the best steak I have ever eaten in my life was the Waygu Strip Steak I had just a few nights ago.  Paired with some 2006 Silver Oak Cabernet, it was the best dinner I have ever had!  . . End your meal with some monkey bread and their awesome french press coffee and you will feel like you're in heaven.  This place is definitely my favorite steak house in Vegas.  It never fails and is sooooooooo worth the long wait.
The service, the wine, the steak, the lobster, the side dishes, and oh those tasty buttered rolls. Seriously, folks. You have to check this place out. Very attentive service and fantastic food.
So it was my first time coming to Las Vegas, And I heard from many friends that the food is a plus out there. I am a BiG fan of Tom I think he's an awesome chef. I recommend his whole menu.. Filet mignon was outta this world, also the buffalo mozz was sooooooo good and refreshing(very popular appetizer )   his salad and side veggies were great as well. When the waiter placed bread and butter on the table I was so surprised. I can't explain how delicious and soft the bread was. OmG! I could go on. This places is legit one of the best restaurant I've been too and it's far from a disappointment..:)
I ate here the evening of Friday, January 27th and enjoyed the best meal I have ever had in my life, so far.  The service was awesome and the food was even better.  . . We started with two each of the Daily Oysters.  My husband had the 14 oz. Domestic Wagyu Ribeye and I dined on the Black Sea Bass with Black Trumpets (amazing).  We shared the Hen of the Woods Mushrooms and Heirloom Cauliflower with Garlic Confit.  For dessert another visit to my favorite of the Daily Oysters, the Fanny Bay.  I would have changed NOTHING about this meal.  It was perfection!. . Thank you Craftsteak for a wonderful evening......
Was there Saturday the 18th and they are so good damm good at what they do. The waiter we had was above and beyond.
All I can say, is WOW. . . My boyfriend and I came here for our first meal in Las Vegas. I love top chef and was curious about Tom Collicho's food. My boyfriend was dying to try wagyu beef.. . We started out with some oysters. They were heavenly. Fresh and full of deliciousness. We had three different kinds from NY.. . The table next to us received one too many desserts, so they passed theirs off to us at this point. Not a traditional order for courses, but it was delicious. We had the flourless chocolate cake with the blood orange sorbet.The sorbet was out of control. It went perfectly with the cake.. . For our main course, I had lobster. It was delicious! Perhaps a little too much spice (I prefer butter and lemon on my lobster to let the lobster flavor come out), but it was still great and I ate the whole thing. My boyfriend got the wagyu skirt steak. I have literally never seen him so happy in my life. I tasted it and it was INCREDIBLE. I've never tasted anything like that before! We ate the whole thing.. . We also got the brussel sprouts with bacon. Although we didn't have much room let for them, they were still wonderful. . . We had a delicious Malbec with our food. The wine list here is extensive and great.. . The service was good. A little formal and stiff, but they took really good care of us.. . I'd be back in a heartbeat! This place is amazing.
I ate here last weekend with two of my male friends. We had a reservation for Saturday at 10pm. Tip #1: Don't make a reservation for 10pm in Vegas. I started the drinking day at 8am with a bloody mary, so by the time our dinner started I was beginning my 14th consecutive hour of drinking.. . I have the receipt next to me, so I'm just going to walk through it item by item:. . 2 Miller Lite - $12: I swear to God I had no memory of us ordering two Miller Lites until I read it on the receipt just now. Clearly, despite the incredibly high quality of this restaurant, their Miller Lites are less than memorable.. . 6 oyster, daily - $24: I am responsible for ordering this completely unnecessary appetizer. None of us are even all that crazy about oysters, though I did enjoy them.. . 1 Glass Pinot Noir - $17: One of my friends got this. I didn't try any of this $17 wine, but I'm guessing it wasn't as good as three Miller Lites or four oysters.. . 1 Arugula - $13:This salad was ordered by the same dude who ordered the wine. At this point in the meal, he's easily our table's frontrunner for "most proper diner" with wine and salad. I'm in second with a Miller Lite and oysters, while my other friend is nursing a Miller Lite and looking as though he is about to hurl.. . Bread - $0: This is not on the receipt, but it is worth mentioning. We tore into this bread like Kevin Costner and Morgan Freeman eating that weird melon in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves (Wait, what? You don't get this reference?). This bread was so damn good. Granted, we had been drinking for over half a day and intentionally starving ourselves since "we are going to Craftsteak later!! wooo!!" Our bread destruction is how I know the service was top notch. We tore through the bread in--I shit you not--30 seconds per plate, and got through four plates of it. Yet, each time, our server had a new plate of fresh bread waiting for us almost instantly.. . 2 Potato Gratin - $28: This was poorly played by us. When two of you are going to drop $14 on simple potato sides, you should probably diversify. At least the portion was very large, and the potatoes did taste good. They actually tasted sort of like Betty Crocker Three Cheese Potatoes except, well, no that's exactly what they tasted like. Only they were $14. C'mon though, you can't just eat a steak on a plate all by itself right? Wrong. You most definitely can. Lay out $14 on the plate next to the steak, and while you are eating decide whether you'd like to exchange that for some Betty Crocker potatoes.. . 1 Ribeye: $51. 1 NY Strip: $48. 1 Steak & Lobster: $69 - The steaks really were great. I got the strip, and it was cooked perfectly. Some reviewers were disappointed with theirs, and perhaps it being near 11pm and less crowded allowed for closer attention to be paid to our steaks, but my steak truly was perfect. The filet was good too. I know this because my friend went to the bathroom while there was still some filet left on his plate, so I just picked it up and popped that badboy right into my mouth. Yeah, it was kind of a dick move and, yes, I understand that alcohol shouldn't be an excuse for bad behavior, but I had at this point been drinking for FIFTEEN HOURS.. . OVERALL: Great experience, great food, and the total bill ($283.22) wasn't even that bad, though this had a lot to do with how little we were drinking since we were already on the verge of dying.
I came here last Saturday, 2/18/2012, for dinner with a friend after we were told by a local that this was one of her favorite places to go for steak. We had a 5:45pm reservation and arrived on time but right at the entrance and there was already a line waiting outside. This made me even more excited to come here. The hostess was really friendly and our server was even better. He was friendly, funny, attentive, and offered amazing suggestions. Since it was our first time there, our server suggested us to go with the three course menu that came with the Maine lobster bisque for each person, 3 smaller salads of your choice to share, 3 side dishes of your choice, the main course of your choice, and 3 desserts. We decided to go with the domestic wagyu. Our server recommended us to get it medium rare because all of the fats would be nicely cooked and worked into the meat that way instead of rare so we decided to have it that way. We also ordered the Glenmorangie wood expressions (Highlands) flight for both of us to taste.. . The Glenmorangie flight was delicious. You can taste the different oaks in each and it was a nice pour in each of the glasses. The Maine lobster bisque was served initially as an empty bowl so that you can see the herbs and large pieces of lobster and the server pours the hot lobster bisque soup right after. The soup was delicious, light, and creamy. Even better, I really enjoyed the parsley, chives, and large chunks of lobster in the soup which complemented the broth very well. The roasted red peppers salad had a nice soft roasted flavor to it without the char. The peppers were complimented perfectly by the chips of cooked garlic, minced basil, olive oil, pepper, and salt. The wild arugula salad was fresh and crisp and was complimented well by the large piece of shaved pecorino, pine nuts, cracked pepper, and citrus vinaigrette. The warm frisee was fresh and crisp and was complimented perfectly by the perfectly poached egg, deliciously smoked bacon, a strong cheese (not sure what it was exactly), and a mustard dressing. My friend and I shared the filet mignon and ribeye and surprisingly we found that we enjoyed the filet mignon more than the ribeye! Don't get me wrong, both were delicious, flavorful, juicy, and so tender that it could be cut with a butter knife. As recommended by our server, the must have out of the side dishes was the potato puree. It had the texture was soft but with bits of harder chunks of potato and the flavor was so heavenly with the buttery roasted savory flavor. This was so delicious I hard time not eating it even though I was horribly full. The mushroom assortment side dish had a nice mix of different earthy tasting mushrooms which was complimented well by the subtle thyme flavor. The Maui onion was sweet and nicely roasted served in halves. It was so hard to eat dessert by then, but even that was amazing. The delicious fruit plate had 4 thin slices of sweet, crisp, and juicy Asian pear, 2 pieces of sweet and juicy Cara Cara orange, and 2 slices of sweet and sour kiwi. The flourless chocolate cake was thick and moist with a rich chocolate flavor. It was complimented by a creme placed beautifully on top of the cake, a few slices of a tangerine, a citrus sauce, and a raspberry sorbet. We were also given two scoops of sorbet. One was blood orange and the other flavor I couldn't put my finger on. Another must have here was the cinnamon monkey bread that tasted like a heavenly cinnamon bun topped with pecans. It was perfectly complimented by a brown sugar sour cream ice cream. My friend and I were so full but we couldn't stop eating it. . . Overall our experience here was phenomenal! Everything here was amazing. The only complaint I have is that I wish I had a bigger stomach to enjoy all of the delicious food.
This was one of the BEST meals we have ever eaten in our 30 something years of marriage.  It is truly a place for meat lovers, so stay away if you want something else.  The server, David, and the entire staff were attentive, pacing our evening perfectly, as you cannot rush this eating process.  We chose the 3 course Chef's selection with red wine pairing.  The appetizer course had 4 different choices, with the frisse salad and pacific prawns being our favorite.  The Jordan Cab was the perfect pairing.  Main course provided 2 types of meat, Filet and Ribeye, melt in your mouth steaks, cooked perfectly.  Accompaniments of potatoes and asparagus rounded out the entrees. The wine a Pejuu CAB very dry and brought out the flavors of the meat.  Dessert, was seriously an OMG moment!  The monkey bread with cinnamon icecream made me not care how many miles I had to run on the treadmill the next day.  I don't know what is in this pastry, but it was truly the best ending to the evening.  We left full, happy, and a little credit card shocked, wine pairing was more than we thought, but well worth it.  YOU MUST try this place when in Vegas.  Take your time, do not rush through the evening, and you will be very happy!!
This review is based on my visit on 11/20/11. The service and food are excellent. We had the three course menu and it was fantastic. I will definitely recommend this restaurant.
I am not a regular meat eater so when I detour I try to make it memorable. Taking a detour at Craftsteak certainly went well beyond that expectation. We went full out and did the Chef's Beef Selection and went for the Australian A5 Wagyu that was served family style. Yes, we had salad, sides, dessert, and even two selections of beef with the whole experience. What all of the details were, however, are all a blur. The main focus was the beef and I must say it was quite amazing.. . It was cooked to perfection and the texture and taste were something I have never experienced before. The service was extremely friendly and attentive as well. Bottom line it certainly exceeded my expectations and I would definitely do it again though if I did I think I would try to change it up a bit -- maybe the surf and turf? Who knows, I just would not want to wreck any exaggerated memories that build up over time for the meal we had since it is going to be hard, very hard, to match the experience again.
Family style off the chefs menu is the way to go.  Surf n turf all the way.  Loved everything I've ever had here, not one bad thing to say. I go here every time I'm in Vegas. It's also perfect for eating solo at the bar.   Pricey but well worth it.
I'm giving Craftsteak 5 Top Stars. . . Tom Colicchio and Craftsteak hit high marks in every aspect of our dinning experience. The bartender made us two great cocktails that started the dinner just right.  The service was excellent and staff was awesome. . . The food was amazingly great. I had no complaint's what so ever. Every course was incredible. I was very impressed with all our dishes. . The Maine lobster bisque was excellent. We also had mussels that were very good.  Braised Short ribs were so tender and so good. I was looking forward to trying the Risotto. I was not disappointed. The star of the diner was Wagyu beef. I cant wait to return. Craftsteak is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in Vegas.
OMG!  Food was delish!!!  Came here for my husbands bday.  Just awesome!  Ambiance is romantic, food is just great and service is outstanding!  What more can you ask for?!  I ordered the lobster bisque and the short ribs and OMG they were fantastic. After the lobster bisque I was pretty full.  Hubby ordered the Halibut also very good!  Give them a shot if you're in Vegas!  We were so full so we skipped out on dessert.
**Review #600: The single best meal I've ever experienced**. . To celebrate our one year wedding anniversary, my wife and I ate a feast fit for  royalty at Chef Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak. . . Located inside the MGM Grand, Craftsteak is a dimly lit, elegantly decorated high end steak house. . . The menu at CS is littered with amazing sounding salads, sides, steaks, seafood, desserts and more. Instead of trying one or two things, my wife and I decided to make this meal a memorable one and partake in their Domestic Wagyu tasting, which included a grand total of FOURTEEN dishes in three courses.  Ready?? Here we go;. . Course 1- The Warm UP:. Warm Bread Topped W/ Sea Salt http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=znEnAclXg1MNjKCJeOx-pQ. Hand-Cut Wagyu Tartare W/ Crostini's http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=fj1hBPNx1ThYjbERN_oP1A. Italian Buffalo Mozzarella W/ Hazelnuts http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=ez6IfEHvTLkw_ZHbnPA7bw. Warm Frisee Salad W/ Farm Egg & Smoked Bacon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=Pqk4fkL90wXkwCOPKoH98g. Persian Cucumber Salad W/ Watercress & Ginger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=nUPJ-jjn7ut8ZIHqvkJH9Q. . Course 2- MEAT & Sides:. Wagyu Ribeye http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=RNZ8C5u8kPgAgfK1WNoGQg OR http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=SCt7Wm5KPQ3nUoYY8ff3bw. Wagyu Filet http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=UcUtMUma-abAEqeJJF7YsA OR http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=0W_eD2OMgIgIy6D0WPrlLA. Yukon Gold Potato Puree W/ Chives http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=HM1EcDG60PgkrUeCMoDxow. Brussels Sprouts W/ Smoked Bacon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=Zgjpe4i2DSMbof64EhjJqA. Butternut Squash W/ A Maple Bourbon Glaze http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=WoM4UglD5nnYyT144_IW5A. . Course 3- My Favorite Stuff:. Cinnamon Monkey Bread W/ Brown Sugar Sour Cream Ice Cream & Pecan Toffee http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=12a18ImEp5GMU4k417Nt0Q . Guava Sorbet & Vanilla Bean Ice Cream http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=_vXAXf8OBLrJBrVgAS_02A . Flourless Chocolate Cake W/ Blood Orange Sorbet & Tangerines http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=c0AWtBt9_3y1-WoR_BXkAA. Farmers Market Fruit Plate  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xkVMIk_Vqh17f48ZQ_6b0w?select=iPcZn31A-sZQZdAPIT5Yzw. . Everything and I mean EVERYTHING we ate was phenomenal. Not one dish disappointed me. I've had many meals in my life and this one now ranks as the biggest and best yet. The salads were great. The meat was juicy and melted in my mouth. The sides were fantastic and the desserts were mind blowing. I did have some favorites, which I'll list below. . My favorite dishes in the first course were the tartare and the warm Frisee salad.. My favorite dishes in the second course were the Wagyu ribeye and the Yukon Gold Puree (best mashed potatoes EVER). . My favorite dessert was the cinnamon monkey bread.. . The service here was top notch. We had two separate servers, both of whom were friendly and attentive. Both answered any questions we asked and trust me, we had a few.  . . The price for the Wagyu tasting menu was $140 a person, which was not bad considering the massive amount of incredible food we received. In all honesty, I could not afford to do this on a weekly (or even monthly) basis but since I got lucky the night before at the Roulette tables, this meal only set me back about thirty dollars of my own money. Thanks, Vegas. . . If you ever have the opportunity to dine at Craftsteak, even if you can't afford a steak tasting (tastings start at $100 a person), then just order off their regular menu. I can't highly recommend Craftsteak enough. This truly was THE BEST meal I've ever had in my entire life.
Very good restaurant...nice marbled steaks, amazing sides and selection. I can't really complain, since we showed up an hour late to our reservation, and everything still worked out well.
My girlfriends and I were in Vegas for a short weekend.  We aren't gamblers but LOVE eating well.  Of course, we had to try Craftsteak!  And, I'm so glad we did.  The service, ambiance and FOOD was amazing.  We were seated promptly at our reservation time in a large corner booth.  Our waiter, Kevin, was charismatic and helpful.  He did a wonderful job explaining our options, describing the food and making perfect recommendation.. . On his suggestion, we got the Chef's beef selection, with an Angus prime rib and t-bone, and a wagyu strip steak.  The wagyu was phenomenal.  Honestly, if you can only get one thing - get that.  But, if you get the Chef's menu, you also get these amazing sweet/salty buns to start, then lobster bisque with giant chunks of lobster, then salads (we got the warm frisee salad, the mozzarella salad and the arugula salad), then the steak and three sides (asparagus, snow peas and potato puree).  All of it completely divine.. . Finally, they brought us a bazillion desserts, which I was much too full to eat, but my friends said the monkey bread was to die for.. . We were attended to regularly, but not rushed in the slightest.  . . A perfectly decadent Vegas meal.
Worth every penny!! We had the filet Mignon, lobster bisque, potato puree, wild mushrooms and chocolate souffle!! Everything was amazing!!
This was the GREATEST decision to celebrate my 3 year anniversary and as I write this I STILL taste the food!. . The wife and I went with the 3 course wagyu beef taste menu and the portion size was unreal, but trust me you'll find room for everything! Haha..All in all there were no complaints at all about anything so hence the 5 stars..I can't say I've ever been able to say that about a meal before!. . We started with being overloaded with appetizers, but believe me that is an awesome understatement..I don't remember the names exactly, but we did have prosciutto paired with a pear which blew my mind, 2 salads one which was spinach and the other had an egg and bacon mixed in which again left me seeing stars! That was partnered with some strip and cocktail sauce which made me want to lick the bowl clean. . . The main course and best course, MEATPALOOZA! We had selected the filet mignon and on recommendation of our waitress the skirt steak..They do NOT leave you hungry here at all..We had what felt like 50 cows in front of us, but it was the most tender steak I'd have ever encountered and the flavoring was a mardi gras in your mouth (oh yes that's surely a good thing in this instance)..It was paired with asparagus which was prepared to perfection, mashed potatoes which were not heavy in any right!. . At this point my eyes were popping out, but as I said once they lay the dessert down you FIND ROOM BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY..We had the most delectable vanilla bean cheesecake ever, the ever famous and good in the hood monkey bread, and a sample of strawberry/chocolate sorbet..With it being our anniversary they even wrote in chocolate a congratulatory message which certainly shows that they care just that extra above the rest!. . We did piece together why their menu isn't listed anywhere and this by far to me was the big brownie point..They serve what is currently in season so the menu is ever changing..I know Las Vegas is a town for change, but some things remain as they are..I'm happy to know if I come back in 6 months the review would be different..They make Tom proud at the very least I'm sure!. . Our bill total was about $394, but honestly for the amount of food we had for the both of us and the amount of value we were shown each bite chewed along with every penny paid made the meal worth every bit of that outing!
You don't get much better than Craftsteak.  Tucked in the back of MGM Grand, I feel like Craftsteak might be overlooked by a lot of people, even with Tom Colicchio's name plastered out front.  For everyone who has passed on Craftsteak, you missed out.  . . Craftsteak is simple, elegant, and executes everything perfectly.  There aren't a lot of frills, foams, or tacky decor - form follows function, and quality follows form.. . You won't be overwhelmed by a large appetizer menu, which is perfectly fine with me - start with a seafood starter or a salad, I suggest the lobster bisque and the caesar, respectively, and you'll be happy.  The main focus are the steaks, which are fantastic - well portioned, perfectly cooked, and well presented.  If you have some extra money to blow, there are multiple steak menus available (Prime, Domestic Wagyu, and Australian Wagyu), along with a multiple person chef's selection beef menu that is meant for sharing and sampling.  The sides are fantastic as well, my favorites being the asparagus and the potato puree.  But, perhaps the best part of the meal...the bread.  I have never had bread simple melt in my mouth like the soft, warm pillows of heaven that are served in cast iron pans.  If I could eat their bread for every meal for the rest of my life, I would in a heartbeat, it's just that good.. . The decor is modern, and the atmosphere is excellent - quiet and subdued, but still trendy and upscale.  The waitstaff is excellent, and each table is visited at least once by a sommelier.  . . All things considered, Craftsteak is one of the best steakhouses in Vegas, and one of the best high-end restaurants in Vegas, period.  You will pay handsomely for your meal, but it is well worth the quality of the entire experience.  If you want a good hunk of beef, you will not be disappointed with Craftsteak, as it is consistently one of the best (and one of my favorite) restaurants on the strip.
When you are strolling down the steak isle in vegas wondering where to place a bet for the best restaurant for cow you can feel confident that sliding your chips onto the Craftsteak number is sure thing.  I am happy to say that I finally found a place that is up there with the Del Frisco experience.  This is a lot more pricey than Del Frisco's but if you want to branch out from the normal steak in butter and you want more of a  bedazzled experience you have come to the right place.  . . My friends and I did the Wagyu tasting experience and I highly suggest everyone fork out the money to try it.  We had 3 starters:  Warm Frisee Farm egg, Smoked Bacon dish that was so off the chart I wanted to lick the plate, Hand-cut Wagyu Tartare Crostini that made me so happy I wanted break out some glow sticks and dance in the middle of the restaurant with food ecstasy (which it is vegas and I am sure nobody would have noticed if I did) and the Caesar Salad Pickled Anchovy which was basic and I wish we branched out more.  The dinner included a Lobster Bisque course that was amazing and presented beautifully. Then they rolled out the Wagyu three ways (I believe it was strip, filet, and skirt.  The Filet was by far the best but all of it was fantastic.  The only problem is we couldn't finish it because we were so full from all the courses before it.  After shelling out that kind of money it was sad to not be able to finish it.  Lastly came the desserts and why they thought we could take down 5 desserts among 3 people is beyond my understanding.  Sadly we almost finished them all because they were so good.  The monkey dessert was the best in my opinion.. . To wrap up our bedazzled dining experience...I was stuffed, happy and would recommend it to anyone.  Del Frisco's is a lot cheaper but the experience and the different options on courses makes Craftsteak a must do in vegas.. . Roll the dice on this one people...this is the one thing you won't regret in the morning.
When everything elicits a mouthgasm, you know it's good. Meal of a lifetime. There were more than a few moans coming from our table, at one point my friend put her fist on the table after her first bite of something delectable, and I believe I may have threatened to fight my companions for the monkey bread. But back to the beginning. . . We decided to get the Domestic Waygu Chef's tasting. The appetizers included bread with sea salt, a warm frisse bacon blue cheese salad, prawns, prosciutto, and another salad with a raspberry vinagrette. Normally when someone says the bread  was a standout, that implies everything else wasn't too good. But in this case, the bread was Just. That. Good. Didn't even need butter, in my opinion.. . Next was the meat. Filet, new york strip, and ribeye. The new york strip was my favorite--every piece was like butter. Sides were risotto, potato puree, and honey glazed carrots with rosemary. They were all good, but the meat was amazing, and the reason we came in the first place, so we beasted our way through the meat and left a bit of the sides behind. . . At this point, we were all a bit weary with the meal. We asked our server for a bit more time to digest before dessert. Throughout the entire meal, the service was stellar--we started off with them offering to switch our white napkins to black ones, so my friend's black outfit wouldn't get all lint-y. They continued being attentive throughout the meal. . . After a bit more time to attempt to digest, dessert arrived. The infamous monkey bread with ice cream (do not remember what flavor), chocolate souffle with hazlenut ice cream (YUM), a fresh fruit plate that went largely untouched, vanilla bean cheesecake with cream, and a trio of sorbets (orange-basil, a raspberry with something else, and another flavor I do not remember, but it was creamy). As another reviewer said, it was the best cheesecake of my life. However, even with that, the sorbet and monkey bread were so over the top with amazingness that it went largely untouched. There is no way to describe the monkey bread, only it may have been the best dessert of this sweet tooth's life. The raspberry sorbet was so tart it almost tasted fizzy, which I loved. I wasn't the biggest fan of the orange-basil as a dessert, but it would be refreshing as hell poolside. . . All in all, worth every penny--even though it was a good quarter of a paycheck. Cannot wait to return for more.
Can I give 10 stars? While my one of my lovely dinner date's, Gabrielle (below), divulged everything out in her (detailed and fabulous) review, I just wanted to say I agree with everything 100%. Everything was amazing. Totally worth the large amount of my paycheck that I spent, haha. Just as an FYI, the monkey bread came with Banana Sorbet. I can't even. I wanted to crawl out I was so full. The coffee was amazing, too. It was a lovely french press that I got about 4 cups out of. YUM. YUM. YUM. Did I mention the bread was TO. DIE. FOR.?!
Writing this review for the parental units: OMG!  Food was phenomenal!  We came here for our anniversary.  Just awesome!  The ambiance is romantic and the dress code was what I would call business casual. The food is just great and service isoutstanding!  What more can you ask for?!  I ordered the lobster bisque and the short ribs and OMG they were fantastic. After the lobster bisque, I was pretty full. The hubby ordered the halibut which he absolutely loved! You should give them a shot if you're in Vegas! We were so full so we skipped out on dessert.
I still have dreams of this meal. It was that incredible. . . The steak was so soft and tender it was almost like eating steak flavored butter and I didn't even have the best steak in the house. . . Everything about this dining experience was top notch. The service was impeccable and every dish perfection. . . The Caesar Salad served on a wedge of romaine lettuce  was crispy and the dressing had just the right bite and the tuna sashimi was as good as you'd get in any high end sushi bar. . . The only thing that I would have changed was the new age jazz playing over the speakers. That had to go.
OK so my husband wanted to take me to a nice bday dinner.  He really wanted steak so we decided to give Craftsteak another try.  I am so glad we did.  . . We had show tickets for David Copperfield so we had an earlyish dinner reservations on a Saturday night.  When the hostess originally went to seat us, she put us in a very cattle call like table seated right next to one of the few only people in the restaurant.  Since it was my bday I asked her if we could possibly get a booth for a little more ambiance.  I am so glad I asked.  We were seated in a booth in the back corner.  It was perfect.  Although there were other people dining, it really felt as though we had the whole place to ourselves.  The servers were incredible and the food was amazing.  To top it off, they brought me out a special bday treat for dessert.  . . Overall this was a fantastic night.  Thank you.
I knew it would be good, but seriously the best steak I have ever had.
The $140 tasting menu ready hit the spot...the servers are super nice and friendly i've been here countless times and the food and the service never changes...
Food, service, and presentation were impeccable.  It cost almost half my paycheck, but it was worth every cent.  My wife and I both did the 'wagyu' chef selection.  Everyone at the restaurant was on it.  Best meal of my life to date.  If you have some cash to burn, and a real love of meat, this place is heaven on earth!
Came here for a large private party and they served us family style.  I thought it was weird at first, but we were able to try a lot of different things.  The steak, chicken and salads that we got were all good.  The dish of the night was definitely the braised short ribs.  Very delicious.
This review is long overdue, but catching up on some reviews, so here I go.  Keep in mind, this review is my experience from 4 years ago.  With the group size we had, we didn't have full access to the full menu, but a well thought out tasting menu.  Two things that stood out was the Kobe steak and the different assortment of desserts.  I've never had Kobe up to that point, but it truly is an experience.  The way it was prepared, and I'm sure you've always heard how it melts in your mouth, well...it really does melt in your mouth.  Now the dessert, what I remember from this experience is, the pepper flavored ice cream.  You say pepper?  Yes, pepper.  I can exactly say its for everyone, but if you have an open mind and enjoy trying out new things, it's worth a bite.
Craftsteak was an exceptional meal from beginning to end. We've tried Craft before in LA, but Craftsteak is definitely my favorite out of the two. Service was topnotch and the food was excellent. We had the lobster bisque, which was the best one I've ever had. The bisque was so flavorful and fragrant, and had huge chunks of perfectly cooked lobster. It's even poured table side to give a little pizzazz. I also had the caesar salad, which tasted great. My only complaint would be the whole anchovies served on top of the salad. (It's weird seeing little slivers of fish sitting on top of your salad, at least to me.). . We wanted to try two different preparations of steak, so we had the NY strip (which is grilled) and the TBone (which is roasted). I'm really glad we chose two extremely different ones because it was the best way to taste the subtle differences in each. The NY strip had a really great charred, smokey flavor. The TBone has a much softer, buttery texture and is more mild (less of that heavy "meaty" taste). I preferred the NY strip, but the TBone was more interesting and unique.. . For sides we had the potato gratin and the hen of the woods mushroom. We had a hard time picking the mushrooms because I wanted to get just one type ( I thought the the assortment was a little too expensive at $24 compared to the $14 for one). Our server explained each and we ended up choosing the hen, which has a smokey, robust flavor. Both the gratin and mushroom paired perfectly with our steak.. . We skipped dessert because we were too full, but it looked appetizing so I'd recommend trying to save some room for dessert. Out of the three steakhouses I've tried in Vegas (the other two being SW and Stripsteak), this is hands down my favorite. To me, it has the best ambience and dining experience, and most importantly, the best preparation of steak.
If you love steak, you must go this restaurant! This place deserves ONE Michelin star!!! I've been here twice and would prob come more often if I live in or around Vegas.
Absolutely outstanding.. I am always very impressed with Craftsteak. . From start to finish, it is a fantastic experience.. . The steaks are quite big, so between the 2 of us we usually get a NY Strip, or Ribeye.. Marvin is one of the, if not the best server I've had in all of my trips. I love seeing him, and you can see he genuinely cares about who he is serving, and the food he serves.. . Fantastic wine list, has everything you can think of, and of every price range. . . I am not a big dessert person, so I always go for the sorbet.. The coffee comes in little french presses! Very nice!. . Yes, it is expensive, but I would want this as my last meal.. Very excited to go to the original Craft in NYC this August!
Went here with a group of 9 on a Sunday night, after making reservations only about two hours before. Got seated just fine, and the restaurant was not at all crowded. They were also kind enough to split our checks at the end. . . We had multiple waiters constantly refilling drinks and attending to our needs. The main guy, in telling us about Craftsteak, boasted that they had been "doing this a long time" and had "gotten pretty good at it." Initially, I thought it was a little boastful, but boy was he right.. . A few things you might not be able to pick up from the menu online. You do not have to get the chef's tasting menu. You can order a la carte. The prices for entrees range anywhere from about $40 to in upwards of $100. You don't get any sides with your entree automatically, but the a la carte sides you can order (asparagus, pureed potatoes, roasted potatoes, etc) are huge and served family style. One side could be split among two, even three, people. . . They start you off, for free, with fresh-out-of-the-oven dinner rolls, lightly covered in butter. They were very good -- not great, like Pearl Dive's bread in D.C. -- but very good. . . I also ordered the lobster bisque to start. It was amazing. They put a good chunk of lobster in the bottom of a bowl, then pour the piping hot soup on top of it in front of you. I can't convey how good this was.. . For dinner, I got the ribeye. I'm not a big steak guy, so maybe I don't have a good basis for comparison, but this was hands down the best steak I have ever had. The second place finisher isn't even close. I also tried a friend's short ribs, which I had seen as being well reviewed. They, too, were amazing.. . For dessert, I had to try the famous monkey bread. Full though I was from the meal, I'm glad I did. Served with a sour cream ice cream, it was just incredible. Probably one of the top five desserts I've ever had (finishes behind the donuts at Graffiato and the pecan pie at Pearl Dive, though). . . My girlfriend, a vegetarian, just got the tomato soup and ordered roasted potatoes on the side. I have to admit she was disappointed, and trying her soup, I can see why.  It was pretty bland, nothing like the lobster bisque. . . That said, I can't not give this place 5 stars. Between my meal and hers, and two glasses of scotch, my total bill, with tax and tip, came out to about $200. You certainly don't have to spend that much if you don't get dessert and soup, but you can easily. That said, it was way worth it. If I go to Vegas again, I'm likely going back here.
Yelp defines 5 stars as "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" I can honestly say that the Domestic Wagyu Skirt Steak I had at Craftsteak really was the best steak I have ever eaten in my life. Were it not such an upscale, classy establishment, I would have shouted the "Woohoo!" part right there on the spot. . . I wanted to take my girlfriend to one really nice dinner while we were in Vegas together, something really memorable. Based on good reviews, my penchant for a nice steak, and a strong recommendation from my friend Randi B., Craftsteak got the nod. . . I made a reservation for Friday at 8:00 PM, but we ended up hungry and ready an hour early. The nice people at Craftsteak go us a table at 7:05 in their gorgeous dining room. . . We started out with a Caesar Salad and Lobster Bisque. The salad was excellent, but the bisque was absolutely outstanding. Big, meaty chunks of lobster in the bottom of the bowl right where you can see them before the server pours the smooth, succulent bisque on top. Perfect presentation, top notch ingredients, and amazing flavor. I love bisque and this stuff was amazing. . . Then on to the steak. The flavor was so complex that on the first bite, I missed the point. I didn't get the subtlety of just how great this steak was. I tried a bite of my girlfriend's Filet Mignon, and I initially thought that she made the better choice. Butwhen I got back to my skirt steak, the perfect marbling, the amazing seasoning, and the way the steak held its flavor became apparent. The filet was amazing too, and slightly more tender then the skirt steak, but flavor of the skirt trumped it. Randi recommended this steak to me specifically, and I in turn recommend it to you. . . For the starch, we had potatoes au gratin. Again, wonderful. But the real star of the "side" lines was the Brentwood Sweet Corn. My girlfriend took the first bite of this, and let out a small sigh of pleasure, and said "Oh, you have to try this." It really was amazing. In fact, the best corn I have ever eaten now that I think about it. I don't know what it was, it seemed to just be grilled corn on the cob, cut off, and dipped in some light butter sauce, but my god. We were calling it "Crack Corn," because it was like crack. Again, I highly recommend it. . . Dinner also comes with free freshly baked dinner rolls here. We had two orders, the second without the salt on top. The bread was amazing, and better without the salt. . . After all that, we were too full for desert, which is a bit of a shame, because I'll bet it would have been transcendent. But, as I always say in Vegas, you have to know when to hold them, and when to fold them. . . Niether of us drink, so we had nothing but water in the liquid department. After the soup, salad, two steaks, potatoes, and corn, the total was $200.43. Craftsteak is certainly not inexpensive, but even at $100 a head, before tips and drinks, it was still really good value for money. If you want a great steak dinner on the strip, Craftsteak does it right.
Best lobster I have ever had. My husband ordered the 2 1/2lb lobster for dinner and boy was I happy to get to try some of it. It was declawed and soaking in a butter sauce with sweet corn, cilantro, and sun dried tomatoes. I never thought that mixture would work but omg it did work. I am a huge fan of Top Chef and Tom's restaurants was everything and more than I expected, from the service to the decor it was 5 star dinning at its finest. And, yes it was worth every penny :)
I know there are a lot of restaurants in Vegas that might draw you in.. but if you are near the MGM.. you MUST eat at CraftSteak! . I went recently with a friend who shares the same love of food as I do..we literally grilled our poor servers with questions like, "Okay, seriously..what should we get? Whats the best steak? Best potatoes? Whats your favorite". . After careful consideration, this is what we ate(and if you go..I recommend it all):. * I should also note that we shared it all.. including the steak..which was a good call since there were so many things on the menu that looked delicious). . -Lobster Bisque-  really tasty.. not too salty.. nice pieces of lobster.. Creamy but not overly heavy.. -Arugula salad- waiter recommended the heirloom tomatoes but since we live in California and get them all the time we chose this.  Good salad. nothing special but a nice way to break up the heaviness of........ -Domestic Wagyu skirt steak..  Amazing. perfectly cooked( we got it medium per the waiters recommendation.. the steak was so tender and marbled it helped keep it together and gave it a nice crust- still very pink inside) The steak had a light sprinkling of sea salt and came already sliced in a jus that was to.die.for.. -potato puree- really.. dont even look at the other starch options. Just get this.. trust me it will be the best potatoes you've ever had.. -Brentwood corn- I couldn't get enough of this! Someone else's review called it 'crack corn' and I totally agree.. -Monkey Bread- Oh yes.. we saved room for dessert and this was worth every bite. In case your not familiar with Monkey Bread( which you can find in the frozen section of Ralphs/vons) Its basically..gooey bread covered with a buttery cinnamon-y caramel sauce.. kinda like a cinnamon roll with out the frosting.. but not really. hmmm..  its just good and you should get it!.  -As for drinks I had 2 glasses of wine.. which the sommelier will gladly pair with you meal.. and my friend had 2 cocktails. Total our bill was a little over 200.. Totally reasonable for a memorable meal like this.. plus we got a lot! The portions are generous and very sharable.. - I would also note that the wine list was very extensive and well-rounded... everything from 1982 Chateau Margaux to a 40 dollar bottle of Mendoza malbec.. something for everyone!. Service was excellent..ambiance was great..bathrooms were clean...Not pretentious but still classy and special... Hope you stop in and enjoy as much as we did!
Nothing wrong with this place. Classy. Great service. One of the best steaks ever eaten since man started cooking over fire. And I have been to some of the  best steakhouses. I had the hangar steak....perfection. All the side were outstanding.....must have the corn. The sides stood on their own. David Burke could learn a thing or two from this place.
Get the Wagyu Chef Menu. I brought 3 people with me to celebrate a birthday. I absolutely love this place. The ambience was perfect. The sampler of the various cuts was worth every penny. The meats were all soft and juicy. The vegetables sides were fresh and tasty. This was as perfect a place. The executive chef came from Wynn's Country Club, which is another awesome place to go as well if Craftsteak is booked.
I have no idea if this is the best steakhouse in Vegas but its the best steak meal.  Ate by myself last night.  Very sad but I'm without my kids and getting done with a divorce so I'm often antisocial.  Sat at the bar and the bartender was very good.  I get the same thing everytime.  Whatever salad he suggests.  Wayu flat iron; pommes puree.  Service was great.  He gave me half portions of everything since I was eating alone.  Had the right touch of being friendly but not bugging me too much. Held it up well since I was the creepy guy eating alone.  Food was awesome the steak with potato would be up there with my last meal on earth.  Make sure you get it medium rare.  Its a great piece of meat dont toughen it up.  There was a nice older lady also eating at the bar who made nice conversation.  Took my cab back to the other end of the strip quite happy and slept soundly with a full belly.  An expensive meal but I'm not paying work is...suckers
I had the 3 course meal here with 4 of my friends this weekend. What a pleasurable dining experience! I loved the decor of the steakhouse. As we walked through MGM, I was a little concerned we'd be facing the busy shopping area, but we ended up completely tucked away in the back of the restaurant.. . We all opted for the 3 course surf and turf tasting menu (the entire table has to do it), and the meal was fantastic! It started with soft bread, and then moved on to 3 or 4 different types of salad as well as prosciutto. . . The entree portion of the meal included 4 preparings of beef, 3 lobsters claws and tails in a butter sauce, and a number of delicious vegetable sides. I didn't end up eating a lot of the beef, but my friends raved over it. The sides were all fantastic! There were grits, asparagus, mushrooms, and corn. I tend to be more impressed when just as much effort is put into the side dishes, and these were all exceptional.. . Dessert was equally fantastic, with sherbet, monkey bread, chocolate souffle, and cheesecake. The monkey bread was by far my favorite!. . 3 of my friends had the wine pairings, and I opted for a raspberry martini, which was incredibly smooth and fresh-tasting.. . It goes without saying you should expect to spend about $200 per person when tax and tip are including. The tasting menu was $160 per person, my martini was $15, and I spent $240 when all was said and done. Not something I do every day, but it was a very special and exceptional meal!
My girlfriend and I were on vacation and wanted to treat ourselves to a fancy dinner. That is exactly what we did! The service was welcoming and helpful, they really made the experience that much better. The atmosphere was calm and relaxing. We both ordered the prefixed menu which had us nervous. They brought out four starters which was a meal itself. We giggled as we dived into each dish. After a short break the main coarse of a rare filet and a perfectly cooked pork chop arrived accompanied by creamy mashed potatoes, a variety of mushrooms, and sweet corn. Feeling very stuffed, we knew that dessert would still crawling its way to our table. Maybe it would be a scoop of ice cream or sorbet in mascarpone? Maybe monkey in bread in a caramel sauce? Oh, or maybe some fresh fruit to top off a massive meal? Well, I was sort of wrong. It was all of the desserts mentioned! Get their early and enjoy a cocktail or some wine and don't be in a rush. Enjoy the meal and atmosphere!
OMG a wonderful meal. Everything from siting at the bar for a cocktail before our table was ready and ordering the chef's special for 2 was wonderful. Very attentive and friendly service. From start to finish, we felt absolutely special.. . The ambience was so wonderful and romantic, even though being 2 we were seated next to another couple, but it did not matter.. . Another must visit and eat....
Only one word to describe. Epic.
Second day in Vegas. Over-sized margaritas and cold beer are keeping my mind sane and calm, so many colors, sparkles, beautiful women, shows, bright lights, moving objects with sounds. Like any other simple boy, I am a sucker for these things.. . Can not drive the convertible obviously, the fuzz in my head is remarkable. It almost feels like, I am listening to Arabic hip-hop and wandering around a desert, lost and hopeless. Get a cab or a camel and go for dinner. I desperately in need of  heavy protein intake. The cab line-up, reading the guide, saw a familiar name. Tom Colicchio. I like his TV personality, looks like a good guy. Don't think too much, hop on the good foot and do the bad thing. Here we go.. . The restaurant is just beautiful, modern and relaxed. Friendly in a very sleek way which is a perfect set up for a steakhouse. Steakhouses should not be intimidating. Sat at the bar, you know what, let's do beer tonight and straight from the bottle. All classics are on the menu. Most of the items are 3 ingredients only. Good sign, very good sign. Bread rolls; six of them are jumping out of a Lodge's square iron cast pan, reaching up like flowers to the sun, hot, sweet, delicious. Personal favorite; Kushi oysters, small, succulent and creamy. Salad of caesar -must at a steak house-, high in acidity, so fresh, so appropriately done. All the fuzz is gone, I am surprised that everything is flawless, or I am very drunk. Wouldn't know.. . 18 oz, bone-in rib-eye, medium, just because you would like the middle fat cooked through, so it melts on your palate. I usually cut out the cap and eat it separately. That little bit is incredibly flavorsome, should be savored on its own I believe. . . There she comes, I watch her glide through the dining room on the arms of her handler - and thank god this time it is not a father-, I know she is mine, laying down as beautiful as can be on a oval copper pan, I can hear Etta James in the back of my mind, singing; ''At Last''.. . The char, the crust, the seasoning, the doneness, no stupid garnishes, no games, NO PRE-CARVING (thank god!) in the kitchen. It is the finest steak I have ever had in a restaurant. I am about to burst into tears, I am pretty sure I am not drunk... It is so good, so good, so, so good. As I was dealing with all the emotions, my enthusiasm attracts attention, couple seat over an indistinct chatter; '' I want whatever he is having''. Halfway through this experience I realized I had mashed-potatoes or the potato puree as a side. The word ''puree'' is not clicking with me for some reason, reminds me of baby food or something whipped heavily because it is not presentable on its natural form. Anyway one fork in, I stalled.. . When you go to culinary school, in most of the classes, smoothness, shapes, colors, uniformity are more pronounced by the instructors instead of the actual flavor factor. That is why cooks are more obsessed with the doneness and composition rather than the flavor I think. This potato dish was bursting with the sweetness of a properly made mash. It is not as creamy or silky and nor it should be as you would find in other fine food establishments, but extraordinary. The starch of the potato is cooked through so there is no residue on your palate, it swallows very clean. Seasoning is perfect, and I mean perfect. I am overwhelmed, I can not take it anymore. I can not go back to other mashed potatoes! My whole take of mash is changed with my first bite. I suspect if they used fingerlings, it tastes so. I forgot about the steak already.. . After that day, I have changed the way I make mashed potatoes. I started cooking them in skins, peel hot, add appropriate amount of butter until the tightness of the mash is almost gone and emulsify with hot milk, season. Cream, screw cream, not only it dilutes the potato flavor, but it gives a thick body to the puree. I think smooth substances should be lightened up with liquids with low-viscosity, so they loose that gunky palate feel.. . I step out, completely transformed, happy, satisfied. Now I need an 32 oz margarita to wind down. Hands down it was one of the best meals I have ever had. . . Thank you chef, this meal probably will be the only thing I remember clearly from a wild Vegas trip.. . Oh, and the Spearmint Rhino. It was awesome too.
Loved this place. I've been here 4 times and each time was just as amazing as the last. I'd suggest the lobster bisque for sure. And the lamb. It's even better than the steak (in my opinion). Also, don't miss the grits. I know, that seems like an odd thing to say, but they are one of the best side dishes. If they offer the price fixed menu, go for that. It's an incredible value and you'll have the opportunity to try 3 different salads, a main, and 3 different sides (all of which are on the regular menu). It's a nice way to splurge without going totally broke and you'll be more apt to try a side or a salad that you wouldn't otherwise go for at full price. Plus, the desserts are something special. I highly recommend putting this on your list of places to try.
Scrumptious from start to finish. Avocado salad, a beautiful rib eye, and assorted mushrooms was our order. We split everything between the two of us. We decided to go light, without starchy sides, because we were traveling and without a doubt would be full without a place to store & reheat leftovers. The meal and service was fantastic. Our waiter was clearly seasoned. I booked our reservation on line and was able to add a note that we were celebrating my hubby's birthday. They brought over a surprise vanilla bean panna cotta for him after dinner. Perfectlight ending to our night. Can't wait to return. It's a new favorite. I also had to reschedule the reservation on the same day and they were very accomodating.
NOTHING will top a steakhouse experience like this one. In-credible. . . It's located in the MGM hotel.  Reservations are a must - don't try to badger your way in like the rude 6 guys we spotted on our visit. They were obnoxious to the hostess and then threw her under the bus when the GM arrived. Just be respectful and make reservations. . . You can order a la carte as with any steakhouse OR do as the best patrons do and do "Chef's Selection." You select how many courses you want, pay a set fee per head and relinquish all control to the chef. It is AMAZING. You don't know what you don't know and you don't get to choose...CHEF's SELECTION. :) Oh, and you have a staff of three catering to you. . . Everyone started out with Lobster Bisque. Staple starter.  We were blessed with 3 different salads, 2 Kobe beef steaks as entrees, 3 side dishes and 3 desserts.  Yes, it sounds like a ton of food but it's gourmet. This isn't southern cooking. Everything is small in portion size enough to share and it's supposed to be appreciated and savored. I can see what we ate but can't remember the names. Regardless - it was all AMAZING.  The desserts were outstanding. We had a bottle of chardonnay as well.  . . Bottom line, just do it. Let go of the control. Enjoy the ambiance. Enjoy the attention from a very polished staff across the board. The prices are not inexpensive but you TOTALLY get what you pay for and them some....it was an indescribable experience. Plus, my sweetheart put this whole experience together for me. I was in heaven!
Recommended this restaurant to my employee while she was visiting Vegas with family since I frequent Craft almost every time I'm in vegas over the last 10 years.  Brandon Loper, General Manager, runs a tip tip shop and hands down the best steak and seafood in Vegas!  Highly recommend them:)
If marquee is the place to find all the bachelorette parties, Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak at the MGM Grand is the place to find all the bachelor parties. This place is where people come to eat meat, as 90% of the patrons were men, and they all seemed to order the Chef's Beef Selection which was a 3 course meal with which made the table full of plates of different cuts of meats and sides.. . Tables are really big so its not really a place to come for an intimate dinner. . . Our pre-meal snack kept the dinner selections light, and selective by just ordering the essentials and leaving out the fluff. The meal began with cocktails and the most delicious dinner rolls served hot and fresh. I had to control myself from eating every single one of those slightly buttery/salty buns. Our first course was just a couple Kumamoto oysters which were light and fresh. A few minutes later our 18 oz. Ribeye Black Angus, Bone In and side of roasted corn arrived. The steak was cooked a delicious medium-rare and came pre-cut which made sharing much easier. The waiter said that the corn was in season and especially good and he was right, as it seem to be cooked in the steak's drippings, but i doubt it was.. . Our bill came out to about $100 along with two drinks, and i thought it was worth it.
My first visit to Craftsteak was two years ago during restaurant week. I left underwhelmed and didn't think I'd be back. But, I returned recently and the experience was so good that I came back for a third visit a couple weeks later. On my two most recent visits I dined in their lounge where the service was impeccable, the atmosphere was relaxed, and the food flawless.. . If you go to Craftsteak splurge for their domestic wagyu at the very least (they also have Australian Wagyu and recently received real wagyu from Japan). The wagyu skirt steak (14 oz) will give you a new appreciation for that cut of beef. It's so tender that you can cut it with a butter knife. It has the tenderness of a filet with the flavor of a rib eye.. . Other items that shouldn't be missed include their sweet corn, potato puree, and roasted baby beets. The sea scallops and 24 hour short rib are also amazing. The real showstopper (besides the skirt steak) is the cinnamon monkey bread. I've heard others rave about it and now I know why. It's like the most delicious bread pudding you can have that has been topped with a sinfully sweet pecan toffee accompanied by brown sugar sour cream ice cream.. . After two amazing meals this place is back up there with my other favorite steakhouses. Yeah, it's pricey, but it's in line with pricing at similar spots around town.
Because there are so many top-notch steakhouses to choose from, I take my steak experience very seriously in Vegas. I read a ton of Yelps about where to get the best steak in Vegas, and I'm pretty sure I made the right choice.. . I am a fan of grass-fed, so I started my research looking for a steakhouse that offered grass-fed beef. I was surprised how few there were. This website is super-helpful for discerning the different types of steak offered in vegas: http://www.vegasmadeeasy.com/dining/steakhouses/81-steaks. I had no idea there were so many choices.. . At any rate, I narrowed my choices down to those that serve wagyu, and Craftsteak supposedly does it best. It's hard to say this was the best steak I've ever had because comparing regular beef steaks to a wagyu steak is like comparing apples and oranges.. . The menu has traditional beef steaks, domestic wagyu, and austrailian wagyu. I understand that from time to time, they do have grass-fed on the menu. I ordered the domestic wagyu skirt steak ($69) and my husband ordered a traditional strip steak ($55). We wanted to be able to compare the two. Both portion sizes were generous. Mine was 14 oz. and I think the hubs' was 16 oz.  Skirt steak is generally a very lean cut, and I don't think I've ever seen it offered as a "steak" entree, but wagyu is different. Unlike regular steak, the fat of wagyu is tiny flecks marbled throughout the cut, which allows leaner cuts that are generally cooked other ways to work as a grilled steak entree when it's waygu.. . The wagyu steak comes already cut into strips, which I thought was odd. But it didn't seem to negatively affect the juiciness of the meat. Both of us ordered ours medium rare. The were perfectly cooked. Because i was curious, I asked the waiter how they can make them well done, or even medium well, given the composition of the fat in the meat, and he said they do infact make them that way when someone orders them, and because it is a thin cut of meat, it only takes a few minutes to get it to medium well and the fat doesn't have time to render out much.. . The wagyu steak was so tender that you could lay you knife on it sharp side down, and the weight of the knife would cut the steak. It was uniformly juicy, almost bordering on greasy, but certainly not in a bad way. It was hard to describe, but unbelievably delicious.. . There was a cheaper offering on the domestic wagyu menu, I think around $61, and two more expensive ones, I think the NY Strip was around $100 and the filet around $115. The Austrialian wagyu was well over $100 for the cheapest cut.. . Craftsteak offers complimentary bread, which is good, but don't waste your stomach space on it. We split a side dish of the grilled corn, and it was amazing; better than you'd expect. We also go the wagyu tartare appetizer. It was fantastic, but again, I didn't have anything to compare it to, since I've never had wagyu beef or steak tartare before. It came with a quail egg on top and was served with toasted crostini.. . Our bill was just south of $200. We had an appetizer, a shared side dish, two steaks, and my husband had two beers and I had a glass of wine. Our meal was well worth the cost, and I'd go there again in a heart beat. If you're a steak person, definitely splurge on the wagyu beef.
If I were going to take the President of the United States out to dinner, this is where I would go.  . . I've been to Craftsteak a good dozen times and nothing ever goes wrong!  It's phenomenal.  In my other reviews, when I talk about places in Vegas that really *are* outstanding for the high price tag, this is the one I am thinking of above all others. . . Got a major deal to close?  Proposing to your best girl? Trying to impress a client?  Craftsteak.  Bam!  Problem solved
I think I've officially found my favorite steak house in Vegas.  So I was in town for my 20 year H.S. reunion (am I really getting that old???) and as usual, I always hit at least one steak place on each trip.  I've tried n9ne, Brand steak house, Carnevino, and Cut, but boy am I glad I went to Craftsteak this time around.  . . Made reservations and showed up right on time.  Sat at bar for a bit while they got our table ready, no biggie.  We were seated promptly and while we were checking out the menu, they brought out some piping hot, fresh bread for the table.  The bread was outstanding!   So light and fluffy, just the right sprinkling of salt on top and with just  a touch of butter, I knew I was in for a great night.  Between the 3 of us, we ordered the Lobster Bisque, Hanger steak, Kobe Skirt steak, and the braised short ribs.  We also ordered the fingerling potatoes, corn, and potato gratin.  I love when a server makes recommendations and he kindly recommended the potato puree instead of the gratin.  I wasn't married to the gratin, so upon his recommendation, we went that route.  . . The food.....glorious food.  The lobster bisque was quite simply one of, if not the best I've had.  Not too bold tasting, just right and silky smooth.  It also comes with like 3 ounces of lobster meat.  Can you say lobster in every bite?  Fantastic start.. . When the steaks showed up, everything was cooked perfectly.  Now I've never gone to a steak place and ordered any other steak than Ribeye.  I tried the Kobe skirt only because it's a house specialty.  It did not disappoint.  It was amazingly tender, rich beef flavor, and all around a fantastic steak.  I was extremely happy with my choice.  My friend had the short ribs which were also amazingly tender and full of flavor.  His wife had the hanger steak and I was surprised at how tender it was.  All of the beef was excellent.  The sides as well were great.  The corn was very sweet and crisp, not over done.  The fingerling potatoes were nice and hot, perfectly seasoned, and had a nice texture with the skin still on.  As for the server's recommendation for the potato puree.......perfect!   So smooth, rich, and buttery.  All in all, it was an amazing meal leaving none of us wanting anything different.  I will definitely be back.
Great expensive steak. Place was so pretty and the service was great. The steak was good. MUST GET CORN, Mash potatoes and the lobster soup! Definitely try it if you have the money ;)
Top notch. Went on my anniversary and just mentioned it to the hostess . They put us I a great booth very large for just two people. The service was the most professional in Vegas. The rib eye is the best on the Strip. We were given a dessert because it was out anniversary. Going to Craftsteak is a must for anyone staying near the MGM Grand. This was my fifth time there and I am more impressed every time.
This was hands down the best dining experience of my life. I'm a certified foodie and have loved watching Tom Collichio as a Top Chef judge.  When my friend and I found out our conference was in Las Vegas, we knew we had to go to Tom's restaurant.  Our experience was divine from the moment we arrived.  The waitstaff was attentive and friendly.  The atmosphere was calm yet you didn't feel as if you had to whisper.  We choose the Waygu beef chef's tasting menu and every single item was decadently delicious.  Our favorite items were the skirt steak with cipollini onions and red wine reduction, the creamy grits with pancetta, gorganzolla and onions, and the assortment of roasted mushrooms.  We'd never heard of "hen of the woods" mushrooms, yet it now my new favorite mushroom.  It was a perfect dining experience.
Located in the MGM Grand, Craftsteak's decor is reminiscent of a cozy, sophisticated cigar lounge. Committed to making the most of this experience, my friend and I boldly opted for the Domestic Waygu 3-course meal for two from the Chef's Beef Selection tasting menu, but we had no idea what we were in for :-O. . Although completely open to deferring to the Chef's choice, we were slightly hesitant about not having the opportunity to taste some of the menu items that spoke to us upon first glance. Our server immediately put us at ease by asking about our likes and dislikes....thus the adventure began! Our meal started with the signature house dinner rolls. Light and fluffy with the familiar comfort that can only come from yeast, these rolls were served piping hot and lightly dusted with coarse sea salt.. . Next were our appetizers:the lobster bisque was rich, creamy and meaty -  everything you want in this decadent soup. A perfectly fresh wild arugula salad with cucumbers and red onions in a refreshing lime vinaigrette. Prosciutto served with fig marmalade...need I say more? Buffalo mozzarella topped with roasted hazelnuts and roasted red pepper caponata...ummmm cheese, hello! Honestly we probably could have stopped here and been content but alas that was not the case.....bring on the beef! . . Our waygu beef entrees and their accompanying sides as chosen by the Chef were: the 14 oz. grilled skirt steak in a delicious bordelaise (red wine reduction and veal stock) sauce with cipollini onions was super tender and naturally flavorful. The 10 oz. roasted filet mignon was truly "melt in your mouth" perfection. The  babyspinach in garlic oil, mushroom assortment (Shimeji white beach, morel, french horn and hen of the woods) and creamy grits with bacon and gruyere cheese left us stuffed beyond words. Yet there was one more course awaiting us.. . For dessert, we were served: plum and raspberry sorbet, an assorted fruit tray, peanut butter mousse covered in chocolate with salted caramel peanut brittle and cinnamon ice cream on a bed of chopped peanuts (which my friend loved) and my absolute fav of the four: cinnamon brioche monkey bread with chopped walnuts, caramel sauce and brown sugar sour cream ice cream. Yumtastic is a understatement!. . After such an incredible meal, we still had plenty of leftovers. We were so stuffed and delirious with ecstasy that we decided to share our meal with a homeless gentlemen on our way back to the hotel.. . The only (and I mean only) thing that would've made this meal better would have been if Mr. Colicchio himself had served us. If there was ever an OMD! moment, it was around 10:30pm PST on October 1, 2012 at Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak Restaurant in Las Vegas, Nevada -  for we agree that this moment will go down as the best meal of these two Foodies' lives!
There's not much else that can probably be said about this place.. The food is amazing - you can tell that attention has been paid in selecting every ingredient.  Skip the rolls.  They look great in the photos and in person, but there's nothing special about them. . . We opted for the tasting menu for two - one with the wine pairing.  Typical wine pairings offer one glass with each course.  I cannot remember how many times they brought refills in the same course!  With the tasting menu we each had a cup of lobster bisque, three salads, two cuts of steak, three sides (one starch, two veg) and four desserts!  Entirely too much food - not complaining, but even coming in fairly hungry, we still didn't put a dent in half of it!. . The two standouts of this meal? The pistachio gelatto and peach sorbet pairing and the service.  (Don't get me wrong, the lobster bisque, salads, meats and sides were phenomenal!!  Oh and I can't forget the FOUR desserts we were given!!)  But we literally sat here for almost 5 hours eating, talking and drinking and the only thing we finished were our drinks and the gelatto/sorbet!
One of the great dinners I have had in Las Vegas. . Had the Kobe steak surf and turf which was exquisite.. Definitely expensive but worth it for a special experience.
The best meal of my life was eaten here. . . Was with a group of 5, and we shared whatever meal for 3-4 people they had. There was more than enough food for us to spilt. . . Luscious, deliciously, perfectly cooked steak. Tasty side dishes. . . Can't wait to go back.
Steak tasting menu! I've been to several restaurants who offer a chef's tasting menu and this was unique!. . From appetizers to dessert, one word covers it: YUM!  The side dishes were very noteworthy as well. Particularly a corn which was carmelized so perfectly, it could have passed for a dessert!  Speaking of dessert, the choices were nice, but I would rather eat a few more of the AMAZING dinner rolls. . . Pricey is a matter of opinion.  You dont eat a meal like this often so go ahead, splurge on the tasting menu. It's the best value on the menu and you won't be let down!
My last night in Vegas and after a week of attending a conference for work, I decided I'd earned a nice meal.  I'm a fan of Top Chef and had been wanting to try Tom Colicchio's restaurant for a while, so I was happy to see that I was able to get an early reservation with no problem.. . Since I was flying solo that night, I decided to just sit at the bar rather than a table.  The bartender was very attentive and helpful when I had trouble deciding on which beer to order.  For my meal, I had a craving for both steak and scallops.  Unfortunately the only combo they offered with these two had a filet for the steak choice, but I was in more of a rib-eye mood that evening.  Not to fear though, as the bartender pointed me towards a scallops appetizer which paired nicely with my steak.. . I ended up ordering the following, all of which were fantastic:. . - Lobster Bisque - Rich, creamy goodness.  I've had some good lobster bisque in my days, but this was damn near amazing.  Well worth the calories.. - Scallops - Ordered from the appetizer menu, this included 4 delicious scallops that was a perfect compliment to my steak.  - Rib-eye - Ordered medium rare, it was grilled to perfection with just he right amount of marbling. . . I was too full to even think about dessert, so I can't comment on that.  The above order plus a couple beers came out to about $125.  For one of the better meals I've had, it was well worth the price.  I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
Hubby and I wanted a yummy bite to eat before seeing Ka at the MGM Grand - well this was definitely the place to go.  We have been fans of Tom Colicchio for years and have always wanted to eat at one of his restaurants and we were dying to eat here.  Only problem?  We had about 30 minutes to drink, eat and run to make our show in time.  Our waitress was up to the challenge.... . She recommended a few items that she knew could come out quickly -  Wagyu Tartar, potato puree and the short rib.. . Our martini's came out and were delish as was the Wagyu tartar.  They then brought out this piping hot set of dinner rolls with a beautiful salted top and fresh butter.  It was like crack -- hot, delish with the melted butter.  I'd like some now, please.. . She then brought out the mashed potatoes and the shortribs, which were fall off the bone perfect.  Their sauce was amazing and complimented the buttery mashed potatoes.  Those potatoes were so good, I wanted to slather them all over myself when I tasted them but then thought I'd really ruin the pretty dress I had on...  To say they were buttered would be an understatement -- they are probably close to 50% butter to potato ratio but they were well worth blowing the diet.. . We got out of there extremely satisfied and in under 30 minutes.  I've already got my eyes set on another trip to Vegas in early 2013 and I'm going to make sure we get a full, unrushed dinner here.
What an outstanding experience. The service is attentive and professional without being suffocating. Ordered the domestic wagyu filet and it was cooked perfectly. The lobster bisque was loaded with lobster and the cream broth was silky smooth. It will be an expensive evening but well worth it.
Craftsteak is fantastic if not the best steakhouse in Las Vegas. . . The food, service and ambiance are amazing. I planned on asking my now fiance to marry me at dinner and the mananger Jim and his staff aided me in every way and made the proposal perfect! Before moving to Las Vegas, we visited 5 years ago and this was the first restaurant we ate at. Unfortunately, it spoiled us because we havent been able to find a better restaurant on or off the strip... . . The menu is laid out to make it extremely easy to order what you want (which could be anything.. Its all good!). The servers and staff are extremely proffesional and know the menus (both food and drink) with ease. . . If you are visiting and want an exceptional dinner, Craftsteak is the place!
I was driving down Las Vegas Blvd and was thinking to myself "craftsteak or Outback, Craftsteak or Outback" and i couldnt decide, so i flipped a coin, heads for Craftsteak and tails for Outback. Landed on Heads!. . Wasnt able to find menu prices on line, so here's the rundown. Steaks range from about 36 bucks (10 oz hanger) to 56 for a 10 oz filet mignon. You can also purchase steaks for hundreds of dollars that are imported from Japan (or something like that) but i stuck with the 'cheaper' steak, which didnt let me down.. . The Check for 2 people came to 168 (before tip)  and this included: 2 steaks, one cocktail, one diet coke, mashed potato side, frisee (?) salad and a side order of mushrooms (the most expensive one which was 24 bucks, it was a samping). There was no room for dessert at the end, certainly enough food.. . They serve this INCREDIBLE bread before the meal, its so good you dont really even need butter.....so, if you order a bunch of food, beware that this very tempting bread is going to come out, you might want to keep this in mind before ordering a ton of food you might not be able to finish. If i had known this bread was coming out, i might have skipped either the mushrooms or the potatoes.. . The service was pretty good and everyone was very friendly and a manager (i think) came by the table at the end and asked if we enjoyed our meal and he really thanked us for coming by and dining with them.. . Looking forward to going back!
This restaurant is everything you would expect from a world-class chef.  We went for my sister-in-law's birthday and everything about it was wonderful.  I don't drink, but the bartender was still able to bring me a fancy and delicious "mocktail".  We were seated in the main dining room and our wait staff was superb.. . A few highlights:. Steak Tartar appetizer. Braised shortribs (make sure to pour the sauce from the dish over the meat). Peanut butter mousse dessert. . I could seriously write paragraph after paragraph describing each dish and how delicious it was, but you need to go and try it.  I can't wait to go back!
Every time I come back to this venue it gets better. I was here in May and got an amazing (and expensive) Australian Waygu filet that was probably my favorite steak of all time. I show up in December, ready to have a steak and sure enough they have upped the ante and now that Japanese Kobe is allowed in the US again (after a long time ban) they are one of the only 2 places in vegas currently getting it (according to my server). I got the 8oz filet, which was even more incredibly expensive than the Waygu. It was so amazingly good, it was the best steak I have had in my life hands down.. . The steak was so good, I kept thinking about it for days after... Really truely worth visiting this place, but very expensive.. . Wine list was excellent as well, had an awesome Super Tuscan.
Delicious!. . My fiance and I are fans of Top Chef, so Craftsteak had been on our "To Dine At" list for awhile. We made reservations for Saturday night and sat in the main dining room.. . We ended up going with the tasting menu, which ended up being way more food than we should have ate. The highlights of our menu included the Warm Frisee Salad, my New York Strip Steak, the cauliflower, and the Monkey Bread. All together, the 1 appetizer, 3 salads, two steaks, and four desserts were delicious.. . Bill ended up being just a little under $500 with a bottle of wine and tip -- more expensive than we're used to paying for dinner (expensive for us is usually $200), but for a one time dining experience, it was worth it.. . The service was amazing with all of the staff being extremely welcoming. The bartenders in the lounge chatted up my fiance about some record being broken in the Detroit Lions game, then our waiter joked around with us about our upcoming wedding. My fiance also requested to get an appetizer that wasn't included in the tasting menu, the scallops, which our waiter accommodated.
Wow...Top Chef...Seriously.... . Probably best steak I've had this year.  And we didn't have the best here.  We had the Domestic Wagyu tasting with wine pairing.  For the 3 of us, they gave us a filet, rib eye and ny.  Ordered it rare and it was all very very nice.  Especially the filet, it truly melted in my mouth.  Very well seasoned.. . Family style included their choice of sides.  Which I liked the surprise of having chef's choice.  These sides were again all flavorful and delicious especially the potato puree, OMG.  I haven't had Robuchon's but I don't know if any can be better for now.  Prosciutto & figs, brussel sprouts, mozzerella tomato, assortment of sauteed mushrooms, potato puree.  All fantastic.. . They gave us 5 plated desserts for the 3 of us.  WTF?  . . Wine pairing was on point.  . . I will be back to splurge on the Japanese Wagyu tasting menu/wine pairing...I can only imagine how crazy that would be.. . The only complaint I have was too much good food.  A lot of leftovers back to hotel room.. . Super happy.
No faults here, other than the tasting menu is a serious amount of food. But it's family style so you don't feel too bad not eating everything.. . The tartare stood out for me among the appetizers. . . The wagyu menu came with filet, rib eye and new york cuts. Filet was so damn good.. . The mashed potatoes were the best I've had. So buttery, so good.. . Service, wine, and course pacing were fantastic.
I've been here for dinner two times. One of my FAVORITE places in Las Vegas for steak. The beef tartare w/ quail egg is(in my opinion) the best tartare I've EVER had!! We actually had a server from Hawaii, so that was cool being able to talk to someone from home. Great Food!!! Great wine!!! Great Service!!! I'll be back next time I'm in town!!  Aloha
So, I don't really need to review a place that has over 1000 reviews but, this was the best meal I have ever had in Las Vegas and probably in the top 5 of the best meals ever. Is it pricey..Yes but; with the excellent service, great drinks, food and ambience this is well worth your time and money. . Food:. first: the rolls here come to you in a cast iron little bake pan and are hot and buttery good..  Drinks: 2 of the best 2 drinks I have ever had!. Dark and Stormy: that was perfectly made and best dark and stormy ever. Billionaire Cocktail: I forgets whats in it but extremely good. I need to Google its contents. . . Brussel Sprouts with Bacon: wow so good and packed with rich flavor. . . Potato Puree: If I need to have a side dish for my death row meal this will be on the menu. I have not had the Joel Robuchon potato puree but if it is any better than this I will probably make love to it at the table. Just a perfect buttery potato bliss. . Kobe Wagyu beef skirt steak: super tender with all its fatty goodness but, I enjoyed my 2 side dishes more. . . So overall almost a perfect meal and I was very full! Thank you Tom Colicchio and I have more respect for your Top Chef judging ability now.
Nothing short of fantastic in my view. Only possible consideration is over-indulging given how excellent the food is in this highly experienced, extremely well run modern steak house in the MGM Grand. I would point to the shellfish sampler, frisee au lardons, tender and huge porterhouse, t-bone, and  a very smooth mashed potato side--all were memorable.  World class wine list as well. We had a ZD cab that impressed.
Fantastisk kjttmat! Perfekt stekt i alle varianter, og digg tilbehr. Gode viner og deserter ogsa!
I am a self proclaimed steak connoisseur.  During my most recent visit to Las Vegas (which I am still there), I decided to give my task of going to 5 top steakhouses in Vegas and keeping meticulous notes and pictures of what the experience was like.  Craftsteak was my second night of my steak escapade.  . . I tried to give no favorites throughout my trip but so far, Mr. Colicchio is on the top of my list of best in Vegas.  . . Ambiance: Nice chic and professional.  There was soft music and it felt like a nice place to have a date (a very expensive first date or a "I'm sorry" honey makeup date..I was there for the latter).  . . Service: The staff was very cool.  Very knowledgeable.  I asked so many questions about the techniques and the ingredients, I thought he would get annoyed.  But I think once they saw me taking notes, they assumed I was a critic (little did they know) and even told me about some other steak  houses I might enjoy.  Everything came promptly and they were very attentive.. . Bread: The complimentary bread is like a side dish...in fact it comes in a hot iron cast pan.  As soon as it came, you have this wave of buttery aroma.  There is wet sea salt on top of the bread roll that produced a pretty good crust with a oh so soft interior.  Not for the faint of heart or for people with hypertension.. . Appetizer: I had the warm Fri-see salad with and egg and bacon.  There was a nice mix of bleu cheese and smokey bacon prosciutto.  There was no ingredient overpowering the other (unless you bite directly into a bleu cheese crumble or hearty thick bacon piece).. . Side: Brussel sprouts - now if you were the type of kid that hated brussels when growing up, you'd be very turned off by hearing a steak house has brussels.  I, personally, never had the experience of eating it when I was younger but if it was anything like the brussels here, I would welcome it with open arms....or maybe it was the smoked bacon they added. I guess bacon can make anything better.. . Steak: Ribeye - came in the pan it was cooked in but it didn't come out very warm.  I had to personally transfer my steak to my own plate, which was pretty weird for a high end steak house, but with that aside, the steak was excellent.  It was cooked to perfection the way I wanted it and it had a great cross hair char.  The bordelaise sauce and baby taragon added a nice burst of flavor and created a nice "glaze" on the steak.  . . Of all the steak houses i've tried so far, this is definetely one I would return to again when in Vegas.
almost the best steak i've ever had in my life. amazing brussel sprouts as well!
I died and entered the gates of steakhouse heaven!!. . I did some scouting on YELP and decided on this venue; it's as if the culinary gods were in my favor, stars aligned and all.. . The joint was dim and pretty packed, patrons enjoying meals at tables and guzzling down drinks at the bar - servers were bustling around taking care of everyone.. . The BF and I sat at the bar while we waited for our table. Nice vibe, I totally dig it. You can forget the snotty staff here, everyone was really nice and approachable.. . When we sat for dinner, a lovely gentleman whose name I cannot recall, went over the menu and made excellent recommendations. He was a pleasant man and provided top-notch service, a real professional I tell you.. . I more than enjoyed the Maine lobster bisque, I only shared one spoonful with the BF and he instantaneously got struck with food envy - so much so he had to order a bowl for himself.. . Roasted Baby Beets Beet Pickled Egg was also ordered. While good, it's safe to say you can skip out on ordering this so you can leave room for the other items that were much better.. . We also tried the Hand-cut Wagyu Tartare Crostini. Sounds fancy, right? It didn't leave much of an impression for me so wouldn't order it again. The oysters & scallops are on my radar for my next visit though!. . Onto the entree, ding! ding! ding! Champ of the night!. . While I am a rib-eye kinda gal, we decided on the Kobe Wagyu beef skirt steak. Holy fuck Batman!! If my taste buds had little mouths to speak they would be singing and rejoicing like a black womens' choir on a Sunday morning, praising God, and squeezing out little tears of joys if my little guys had eyes. Yes, it WAS that good and by far THEE BEST STEAK I EVER HAD. I'm telling you, this steak is L.E.G.I.T. We ordered it medium rare and I don't know how they did it (maybe magic) but the outside had a nice crisp char to it while the meat inside was PERFECTLY tender and my god juicy!! I daydream about this steak, definitely an item I would request for a last meal.. . We equally enjoyed the sides as well:. . Mushroom assortment on top of risotto - definitely a must if you are into mushrooms and like savory foods!. . Yukon Gold Puree - so good, I think my eyes rolled back for a good 2 seconds! I literally envisioned myself swimming in a pool of this stuff and darn, having to eat my way out. Don't worry, in my mind's eye I didn't need any rescuing.. . Least to say, dessert was a blur. I was so impressed with everything else I cannot remember how dessert was. Also, it was so busy that we were left waiting a good 20 minutes before it arrived. Our server felt so bad he literally brought out 4 desserts - overboard but definitely appreciated the gesture.. . I left with a food baby for the night and had to take a nap in the room for an hour before going out again.. . I'm in love with this place and crave it every so often. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I will make it a point to come dine here again and spoil the fat kid in me.
So good! Foie gras ravioli wasn't cooked enough for me but the flavor was amazing. That fact that isn't want cooked all the way and the time between the starter and the main course were the only downsides. The food is amazing. Service is amazing. 10oz filet was cooked perfectly. Risotto was sooooo rich and the dish was a good size portion. Would recommend only one side for two people. The cauliflower was the best I've ever had. Definitely will be coming back. Better than when we had dinner at Cut in Beverly Hills and less expensive. Well worth the money.
Impressive selection of scotch. The bread they serve is pretty delicious. I don't really eat bread; the stuff makes you fat,  but I ate the whole plate it was so warm and delicious. . . The main reason you should eat here is for their wagyu skirt steak. I usually get ribeye, but you can get ribeye, nystrips, filets, etc at any other steak joint.  Honestly, while their other cuts were good, they were nothing special. They certainly did not make this place stand out. $80 bucks for a cut of meat usually associated with fajitas had me skeptical at first. The combination of flavor and tenderness of this piece of meat was absolutely insane. I was shocked at how good it was. Incredibly rich, it was like the thing oozed butter when you chewed on it. It's also great if you're really lazy and don't feel like cutting your steak. It comes pre sliced into perfect man sized portions.. . Extra points for a bartender that knows how to make a proper old fashioned. Sadly, it has become a rare sight.
Craft steak was flawless in every way.  I arrived with my party about 10 mins early just in case there was a wait.  As I sat there I noticed the interior, perfectly classic steak house, wood everything.  Dark oaks, redwoods and even pine.  Aw the faint smell of wood finish is unmistakable and wonderful when you sit down to a hearty meal.  There is just something about the smell of pine and oak that goes with a 12oz steak.. . Our server came over to us promptly and introduced himself.  Charm filled the room, every wait staff had a smile ear to ear.   The Floor manager came over next.  We were all dressed in business attire and casual wear, nothing special at all.  After all it was 110 degrees outside so some of us were in shorts.  None of this stopped him from coming over.   He just came over to introduce himself and make sure everything was to our liking. . . We started our meal with artisan breads. The favorite of the table was the kalamata rosemary bread. Wonderfully salty and airy, perfect way to get us to drink 2 more cocktails each.  A good restaurateur will understand the need to up sale through cocktails and a good way to do that is salty snacks,. . I had the New York strip with Natural Ju and Thyme.   It came sliced into perfect  inch cubes with a  inch fat cap still attached.  All I could think was thank god you kept the fat on there.  I got a side of roasted mushrooms with my steak. I'm a sucker when it comes to mushrooms, especially when they are prepared as simple as possible. They were simply pan roasted in clarified..... also known as liquid gold.. . All in All for experience, atmosphere, food and service they get a 5, but when I go into a place like this I expect nothing less then a perfect evening.
The only problem I had was I could not eat all the food.  We selected the 3 course sampler with no alcohol.  First out was our soup and salad course that went very well with the butter rolls..yum!  Soup was lobster bisque with 3 variation of salads.  If you do not eat large meals, I would suggest taking it easy during your first course even though you will want to eat all of it.  We chose the surf and turf for our second course that included a Wagyu skirt steak, a Wagyu ribeye, and a 2 lb lobster.  The steaks are served med rare, and are absolutely outstanding cuts.  The lobster was slightly overcooked, but still pretty good.  Our second course came with 3 family style sides.  Asparagus, gratin potatoes, and an assortment of mushrooms.  Again, all three were delicious.  Third course topped it off.  They gave us two scoops of ice cream with one being a pistaccio flavor, and the other I forgot.  We also had a variety of nicely cut up fresh fruit.  The third plate of dessert had a chocolate bar of some sort and another ice cream scoop.  Since it was our birthday, we received a plate of their monkey bread with MORE ice cream.  SO, now you know why it was so hard to walk away from food on our plates.  $160 per person.  You can dress up or go casual.  Either way it is cool.  Enjoy!
Simply an awesome meal. T-Bones were outstanding and all the salads and side dishes were delicious. Service impeccable. Best shrimp cocktail I have had in years!
Holy shiznit! Best place ever! The bartender JT was incredible. He was patient, professional, and attentive.  I have not one complaint. Persian cucumber salad, wagyu tartare, and seared scallops...OMG. All delicious. Unbelievable food. I am now a fan of Tom Colicchio!
Made reservations via YELP Open Table. Been wanting to come here for a couple of years now. Glad we did!. . Kevin and Olga were our servers and they were AWESOME! Kevin explained the menu and made helpful suggestions. Gave us some time to look over menu then came back to see if we had any questions and yes we did and he went over it again with us. . . We took his suggestion and ordered like a tasting menu. My gf and I each ordered our entree's, she had the t-bone and I chose the 24 hr braised short rib. Then three salads, Italian buffalo mozzarella, Caeser's salad then we were stuck and Kevin suggested the warm frisee salad w/ bacon. Then our sides were mashed potatoes, fries and then we were stuck again and Keven suggested brussel sprouts w/bacon. Oh yeah our dinners also came with lobster bisque to start and a pan of bread!. . Everything we ordered was delicious! Kevin's suggestions were right on! 24 hour braised beef was tasty and soo tender! . . I wondered why they didn't ask us what we wanted for dessert, then they brought 4 different plates and it was all for us!! Fresh mixed fruits, a scoop of ice cream and a scoop of sorbet, sticky bun w/ a scoop of coffee ice cream and a strip of lemon and a strip of pineapple cake or bread with some kind of cream topping. Everything again was soo good!. . Again I can't stress enough about the service! Kevin you are the BEST! You and Olga make a great team! We will be back on our next trip!
Went with a party of four. Truly exceptional food, wait staff, environment. Excellent wine recommendation from  sommelier. Would definitely go back.
My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary dinner and from the moment we walked in to the moment we walked out we felt like royalty food was delicious and desserts were amazing it is pricey, but so worth it have the persian salad and the yukon potatoes yummers!
There's nothing more I can say about Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak that hasn't already been said. I concur with everyone else' conclusion that Mr. Colicchio is a champ. Our dinner here was absolutely impeccable - from the beautiful interior, lovely staff, and of course the food. (Oh the food!). . The unexpected star of that evening was... the warm frisee salad. Despite its unassuming presence on the somewhat exhaustive menu, it's definitely a must try. It reminds me of a carb-less carbonara pasta minus (some of) the guilt. (Tip: Ask for the poached egg on top and have them mix it in). It was just heavenly. . . Craftsteak is definitely one of  the best restaurants in Vegas.
Get the butternut squash soup! Also the filet mignon, & rack of lamb are amazing as well!. . One of the best restaurants I've ever been to. Tom really knows what he's doing. . . LOVED.. . Ask for Kevin if he's working. He's great.
One of my top five dining experiences ever. Lovely restaurant atmosphere, spectacular and attentive service, an impressive single malt scotch list, and a delicious meal. A quick rundown of what we ordered: . . GF: Half-dozen assorted oysters, lobster bisque soup, 14 oz Wagyu skirt steak, potato puree. Me: Butternut squash soup w/ maple glazed bacon, 10 oz black angus filet mignon, cheddar grits with some more maple glazed bacon, glass of (fairly priced!!) Dalmore 15. . We would order every single one of those items again, if given the chance. The food was expertly prepared and extremely tender, to the point where I barely had to chew during the meal. At a steakhouse, that's a feat.. . Special nod to our server, Kevin, who was friendly, informative, and entertaining.. . Yes, this is a pricey place, but you're paying for quality, and it's worth every penny. We'll definitely return... after our bank accounts refill a bit.
This is absolutely one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas, which happens to have some amazing places to eat.  I ordered the Filet and ended up splitting it with a friend as it was huge, 12 ounces.  That was the smallest Filet they had.  We also got the caesar salad which was pretty good, and the risotto that was phenomenal.  I'm Italian so I'm usually weary about ordering risotto out, because so few restaurants can make it correctly, but craftsteak got this one right.   After sharing an entree, side, appetizer, and dessert with my friend, our bills were about $60 each.  It was plenty of food, and reasonably priced for what you're getting.  We got the ice cream for dessert, pistachio and apple pie.  It was so creamy and delicious, and the apple pie ice cream really tasted like apple pie.  It even had chunks of apple it in.  Amazing.  I will definitely be going back every time I visit las vegas!
Food is excellent.  It is a simple equation, take amazing ingredients, prepare them simply but perfectly, and let the ingredients speak for themselves.  Where other steakhouses seem to be concerned with letting you know how good of chefs they are, the ingredients prepared simply speaks to the real quality of the chefs in the back.  Yes, it is expensive, and probably a touch overpriced, but in Las Vegas, at a strip casino, a bit overpriced is probably a win.  I would recommend anyone who can afford this restaurant to go and experience a meal.
My compliments to the chef at this place! When looking through the hundreds of restaurant choices in Vegas, we came across this spot in the MGM and with Tom's name on it from Top Chef fame we had to try it. We are so glad we did. . . From start to finish this was one of the best meals I have ever had traveling. Even the hot lightly salted rolls were delicious. The drinks, appetizers (seafood platter/carpaccio plate) to the main course surf and turf filet and lobster were to die for. The beef was so tender it cut like butter and you could slice it with your fork. The service treated you like a king and who the heck cares about price in a place like this, it was worth every penny and let me tell you there were a lot of them in this bill so bring your wallet or maybe two wallets. For four people this was like a small downpayment on a car. . . I will be sure to visit the other Craft steak locations as this blew away every type of chain steak restaurant out there including Capital Grill and Ruth Chris. They arent even in the same league! Do yourself a favor and make this first choice when in Vegas!
I LOOOOVE this place!! The ambiance, the lighting, the service.. Top notch! Monkey bread definitely one of my faves! Totally worth it!!
My wife and I ate a late dinner here after arriving in Vegas. Beautiful restaurant. Took us immediately to table even though we didn't have reservation. Because of the late hour we split a large New York strip and potatoes au gratin. Excellent steak, potatoes were awesome. Server was highly attentive. This restaurant is definitely on our list when we return to Vegas next month.
Amazing food, truly excellent best lobster bisque, and the prime rib, probably the bedt Ive had!!  Great service, the only downside is the size of the portions, we wasted a lot of food, which is unfortunate...
Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak was the final stop on my culinary tour of Vegas (following 2 Wolfgang Puck restaurants, 1 Gordon Ramsey, and another James Beard award winner) and did not disappoint.. . Honestly, they could have served up an ill-prepared steak and I still would have rated at least 4 stars for the heavenly rolls and brussel sprouts alone. However, the quality and preparation of my filet mignon was nothing short of to die for. I'm a freak about red meat and always request well done (steak connoisseurs: feel free to vilify me for this) and somehow Craftsteak managed to deliver a well-done steak that was still moist, tender, and literally falling apart on my fork. Need I say more?. . I echo other commenter's sentiments about the size of the side dishes. For those of you who might turn your nose up at $15-20 veggie sides, think again. Two of us could barely finish the brussel sprouts and didn't even make a dent in the grits (waiter's recommendation). I bucked the red wine norm and went with a glass of prosecco, which was actually reasonably priced for a 4 diamond restaurant. . . Whatever you do: GET EXTRA ROLLS.
Tremendous lobster bisque and brussel sprouts with bacon bits. The manager Jim was the best. A true professional who cares about the diners.
Fantastic, 5 stars for food and 5 stars for service. Take advantage of the 3 course meal.
It was wonderful.  It's not cheap but they are not cheap on the serving sizes and quality.  I think I was over served with some great food.
This is definitely my favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas. The steak was the best I've ever had in my life. The bread rolls are melt in your mouth delicious. I could live off of the potato puree. Sharon was a great server, very helpful and caring. The rest of the staff was the same way. A+, I highly recommend Craftsteak to anyone visiting Vegas.
Four of us just had dinner at Craftsteak last night and it was absolutely fantastic! It literally was one of those amazingly satisfying and wonderful meals that you will never forget! We had the Beef Tasting menu and decided to all get different types to share: Filet, Ribeye, Short Ribs and Rack of Lamb.  All were just FABULOUS! Cooked to perfect Med Rare, presented beautifully and simply and seasoned to perfection.  The whipped potatoes were the best potatoes I have ever had in my life, and the mushrooms were divine. I can not say enough about this place.  Our server Jeff, was just superb and took wonderful care of us.  He really made us feel special!  I will recommend this spot to everyone I know and will remember this great meal for years! Please don't miss the opportunity to go here if you are in Vegas you will not be disappointed!
The steak, the rolls, the sides, the service. Everything was top notch. It was a great experience.
Great steak. I started off with a simple salad dressed with a lemon vinaigrette and asparagus. It was good but would probably try a different salad next time. The pork belly salad looked really good. Next, came the yellowtail sashimi with citrus slices and some sort of salt/seasoning.  Excellent. We ordered fingerling potatoes, steamed spinach, and shiitake mushrooms as our sides. Spinach was definitely the highlight. Very bright and fresh.  Now the important part, the steak. 16 oz Strip. It was delivered with bone, which was nicely cut away from the flesh. The meat was tender, very flavorful, and the right amount of fat. Cooked to a perfect medium rare temp.
I am a steak slut! I have no problem paying high prices for quality meat. Craft Steak is the ultimate in steakhouse experiences. I was in Vegas for an educational visit with a little gambling thrown in and did very well playing Blackjack so treated myself to Craft Steak. I made a reservation early and went by myself. The service was phenomenal. The waiter knew his stuff and he may have loved steak and steakhouses as much as me. His suggestions were spot on and I left there stuffed and simply amazed at the experience. The meat was exceptional, the sides were perfect, and those rolls they serve will make you blush. My steak was cooked perfectly. Yes it is a pricey steakhouse, but it is worth every penny. So if you are in Vegas and get up on the tables, then treat yourselfto this perfect steakhouse. You will not be sorry!
I love CRAFT LA and this is the second time I have been to CRAFTSTEAK in Vegas. I will say, Tom Colicchio sure knows how to run a restaurant. Service is always impeccable and the food is worth the price. We had fresh clams to start ($3 each) and we ordered the NY Strip (bone in) and the Filet and both were cooked in juices perfectly. We even tried the grits and the turnips (who has turnips on the menu) and they both did not disappoint! It might be a little heavy of a dinner if you want to go out and party afterwards, but if you are craving steak, you need to come here in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand.
I cannot believe that I almost made a reservation at another steak house and missed the opportunity to eat the best meal I have ever had.  We hit this place on our second night in town - before a comedy show in the same Hotel.  Literally, the deciding factor when I made reservations for the trip was that it was close to the show, so we would not be rushed.  Thank God I did.. . We went with the American Waygu tasting menu and were deluged with plates and plates of food.  (and this was after the yummy parker rolls of which we ate at least two portions)  To start:  buffalo mozz with red peppers, caesar salad, shrimp cocktail and the yummy wagyu tartare.  Every bit of this was gone and all was delicious.  For the meal, they bring you a ribeye and a filet with creamy mashed potatoes and snap peas.  Again, there were maybe a few snap peas left, but we devoured the rest -and the meat was perfectly cooked and so good - husband even admitted that he might like the ribeye more than the filet (which is his cut of choice). . For dessert, there were FOUR more plates - a creamy chessecake, two scoops of gelato, monkeybread and a fruit tray.  Husband ate all of the monkeybread before I could blink and thus, I took the cheesecake for myself.. . Service was also spot on and we had no problem making the show around the corner.This is a MUST for any serious foodie out there - don't balk at the almost $500 per couple pricetag, it is worth it for the sheer joy of food!
Showed up for a 9:15 reservation with a group of 8 and was seated right away. Service from the staff was excellent. Entire group was raving about their steaks and how good they were. Definitely  recommend trying Craftsteak!
I've had the pleasure of eating here twice andboth times were amazing.  The first time I was with some lifelong girlfriends on a few days away, and our waiter (his name escapes me now) treated us like gold and made the night most memorable.  He tossed in free drinks, and apps and gave us just enough attention without bothering us.  The food was beyond fantastic and we still talk about the evening.. . The second time I was with a large group and again the service was impeccable and the food wonderful.  . . I find most Vegas versions of "famous chefs" restaurants disappointing, but Craftsteak lives up to all the hype.
really good. definitely glad I came here
YUM! I went here a couple weeks ago with my boyfriend. We walked in around 7 pm with no reservation and they seated us immediately.  I had the lobster seaweed salad, it was fresh, light, and Yummy ! It filled me up but didn't make me bloated or too full, I still wanted to look cute in my tight dress! We also ordered the asparagus, golden mashed potatoes and a steak (I cant remember which one :(). It is dark and rustic romantic inside, the lighting is cool. I will be returning and recommend this place to everyone.
Went to CraftSteak with my wife, brother in law and his significant other right before the Rolling Stones concert at MGM.  The place was packed and the atmosphere was warm and bustling.  My wife and her brother started with superb tang10 martinis, with perfect blue cheese olives, and we ordered the wageiyu surf and turf taster menu for the table.  It was out of this world.  lobster, perfectly done in a buttery broth of morel mushrooms and peas...tender and moist...amazing, then filet, hanger and ribeye...cooked a perfect rare, melt in your mouth goodness.  The sides were perfect...we especially liked the mushrooms.  Desserts were incredible, with the ice creams and sorbets leading everyone's favorite list, but the monkey bread and peanut butter something, and lemon cheesecake were s good we couldn't help but eat them despite being so full as to risk food coma..... All in all one of the top ten diners I have ever had, and I have had some truly wonderful meals around the world.   The service was terrific, despite the crowd, with a team of four tag teaming us.  While we have sworn off beef for a week or so, simply because we had a surfeit this time, I would go back for the next special event!  Love the ambience, and the whole experience....and the stones concert was a perfect end to a perfect evening....
Best steak tartars in las vegas. Would eat here everyday if it were closer to home! The servers go above and beyond to make your evening exceptional!
Let me start off first with how excellent the service was that we received.  Our server's name was Kevin, and he also had a helper named Olga. He was honest, funny, and made me and my boyfriend feel comfortable dining at Craftsteak.. . It was my boyfriends birthday weekend in Vegas and I reserved a table at Craftsteak. I had to change our reservation 3 times because we were running late but they were still very kind on the phone and had no problem with it. The interior atmosphere was amazing. It gave off a very calm and serene feeling with warm accents. It was not too loud, and we were seated in a round booth that had privacy on both sides while still being able to look out at most of the restaurant. The restaurant is actually a lot bigger than it seems from the outside. We were seated and I asked for recommendations on the wine and Kevin was very knowledgeable throughout the entire dinner, giving us suggestions that went with what we liked and had already ordered. My boyfriend ordered the Big Reds of Cali which included Brothers Ridge, Ladera, and Stuhlmmuller Vineyards which was 60$ total for all three glasses. The wine was delicious and they poured a good amount.. . We ended up getting the pre-fixed meal of $140 per person for the Domestic Wagyu beef selections. Within the meal we were each given a cup of lobster bisque soup, allowed to pick 3 half order salads, 2 different Wagyu beefs, 3 half order side dishes, and a variety dessert. For salads, we chose the Handcut Wagyu Tartare which was AMAZING, the Prosciutto, and the Persian Cucumber salad. For the sides, we got the Potato Puree which was very creamy and flavorful, Assorted Mushrooms, and Asparagus. For the meats, we got the 10 oz. Wagyu Filet rare and 14 oz Wagyu Ribeye medium rare. The steaks were already cut, which probably made it cool off faster, but we thought that it was still delicious. It came out the perfect temperature on a skillet. For dessert we were given the Cinnamon Monkey Bread [with a nicely written happy birthday on it], a scoop of Cranberry Buttermilk Sorbet, and Banana Rum Ice cream, White Chocolate Cheesecake (my favorite), and an assortment of Farmers Market Fruit.. . Throughout the whole time we were ordering, Kevin kept giving helpful suggestions to what we liked that made us feel like he truly wanted us to have a great dining experience. For example we wanted the tartare, the prosciutto, and my boyfriend wanted to try the warm frisee, which had bacon in it. Kevin wisely told us maybe we should go with a Persian cucumber salad to balance out how many different types of meats we would be eating. Turns out his years of working there had paid off and it was the right choice to go. He also recommended the well known potato puree, and when I asked about the Maui Onions, he immediately said you dont want to get that because your meal already comes with onions on the side. Wonderful! Most servers wouldnt even let you know that.. And finally the funniest part was when he said to make some sliders with the bread rolls by assuring us that putting in the meat and some potato puree, we would undoubtedly melt in our seats because of how amazing it tastes. This surely happened... . It was by far one of the best steakhouses we have ever been to with excellent service, and absolutely worth the money. I would recommend getting the prefixed meal because the quality of the food most definitely amounts to what you pay for it.The only problem is, it was pretty difficult for us to finish all that food. We tried to eat all of the steak because we knew it probably wouldn't taste as good to go, but we ended up taking a lot of the sides to go. Kevin even gave us 6 more fresh rolls of the bread to go! We probably died and went to heaven eating at Craftsteak and will most certainly without a doubt come back again.
We had a great experience. The rolls were to die for. Steak was flavorful and nearly fork tender. We have recommended Craftsteak to many friends and all of them have enjoyed it as much as we did!
Went to Vegas for my birthday weekend and had my eye on Craftsteak for months in advance.  Disclaimer: I am a big fan of Tom Colicchio and Top Chef.  After watching him critique up-and-coming chefs for years I wanted to see if he had the goods. . . Craftsteak did not disappoint.  I am no expert in fine dining, but I really enjoyed the experience.  Beautiful dining room, perfectly lit, energetic crowd buzz but at a reasonable volume.  The service was awesome and the food was better than I expected. . . We went with the domestic wagyu beef tasting menu which was spot on.  Just sat back with our drinks and let the servers deliver amazing dish after dish to our table.  FYI, Wagyu really does taste better than regular prime cuts.  And the portions were no joke.  After delicious lobster soup, three appetizers, a full ribeye and a full filet mignon, and three amazing side dishes, they brought out four desserts and I almost exploded from being so full.  I picture tasting menu's as wimpy portions but this was the total opposite.  I don't think a party of 4 could have finished all the food we were served.  . . Bill was around $450 including tip for party of 2, but I felt like I got my money's worth.  A 100% worthwhile experience if you have the coin.
This was the best meal of my life! Cannot get over how delicious everything was and it was over a year and a half ago! My parents had a recent milestone anniversary so we bought them dinner here last month and they're in complete agreement. Both parties did the Chef's Beef Selection with the angus beef and were not disappointed. We went for my birthday and to celebrate quite a few milestones we had made in the last year. Our dinner included: . Apps: Salted Rolls, Shrimp Cocktail, Lobster Bisque, Caesar Salad, Arugula Salad. Main: Ribeye and Strip. Sides: Potato Puree, Assorted Mushrooms, Risotto. Dessert: Monkey Bread, Lemon Meyer and Orange Basil and Raspberry Sorbets, Farmers Fruit, and Chocolate Souffle with Happy Birthday written on it.. The service was incredible - the team aspect works like a charm. We loved every part of our meal from our greeting at the front, throughout service, until we rolled out of there stuffed.  Still have dreams about how perfect this meal was!
If I could give this an infinity star rating I would.  We are definitely Tom Colicchio's fans, and were completely and utterly satisfied and impressed with the food, the service, and the ambiance.  We never had a want or need that wasn't satisfied before we could have thought it up.. . I'm listing what we ate in case you encounter the same menu--they do print it daily as the ingredients will change depending on the season, etc.. . Here is what we were served with the $140 per person "Domestic Wagyu" dinner:. First Course:. Shrimp Cocktail . Persian Cucumber Salad. Pinkerton Avacado. Prosciutto San Daniele. Let me start by saying OH MY GOSH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The shrimp cocktail were quite scrumptious, although didn't hold a candle to the rest of the plates.  The Persian Cucumber salad was delightfully perfect, the pinkerton avacado was amazing! and the Prosciutto San Daniele was an unexpected surprise on the taste buds.  We were extremely happy with this course and couldn't imagine what the next course would bring.. . Second Course: . We chose the Skirt Steak and the Ribeye, with our three sides as follows: . Potato Puree. Asparagus. Artichoke Hearts. The skirt steak and ribeye were absolutely perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The ribeye was my favorite as it was a meaty party in my mouth, while my husband preferred the skirt steak (if we ABSOLUTELY had to choose one over the other, there's where it lies).  . The potato puree is something you have to order.  If you don't, you will have completely missed out on the best potato you have ever eaten.  Heaven on a spoon.. The Asparagus was the most under seasoned, but it seemed intentional as there were so many other flavors and salts going on, it was needed to balance the plate.  . And the Artichoke hearts were definitely there to balance as well.  They packed a punch and were quite delicious with the meal.. . Third Course: . And last, but definitely not least, DESSERT!. We were presented with a bowl of chocolate ice cream and raspberry sorbet, a fruit plate, chocolate souffle with mint chip ice cream, and from the staff since it was our wedding night, a complimentary monkey bread with caramel/walnut sauce with vanilla bean ice cream.  . We were really too stuffed to eat any dessert at all, but given the price you MUST! :)  they were TO DIE for.  We finished most of it and didn't regret a bite.  . . If you are looking to celebrate something in Vegas and want to experience the best of the best, go to Craft Steak!!
i can't believe it's been a whole year since i've returned..But the wait was worth every bite..If you have a chance check out the a5 wagyu rib cap, melts like butter in your mouth..Worth every $$$$ the service the atmosphere, it's one of the BEST steakhouses on the strip
The return of A5 Japanese wagyu to Craftsteak.  A cause for celebration!. . The restaurant remains one of the top steakhouses serving the absolute best quality steaks in Vegas.  Backed by a comfortable, contemporary  ambiance, massive wine list and the largest single malt scotch selection in Vegas; Craftsteak has it all.. . Steakhouse standard starters.  Straight forward and correct.  The simple hand cut wagyu tartare sets the scene for what is about to come.  Very clean beefy flavor.  Simple.  Sublime.. . To the steaks.  Three grades (USDA dry aged Prime, American wagyu, Japanese A5 wagyu).  All very well trimmed with the wagyu grades having no visible fat around the edges.  All very evenly seared with a well developed crust.  . . The standard UDSA Prime dry aged New York as expected; tender, beefy, with a good umame finish.. . The American wagyu; very tender.  Olive oil viscosity on the finish.  Mild but sweet beef flavor.  If you prefer denser cuts, opt for the 14oz New York or 14oz Rib.  For the deepest flavor, the flat iron or skirt.. . Finally, the highest grade Japanese wagyu; A5.  This is a treat.  Large 8oz steaks.  Good beef flavor with no mineral undertones, velvety mouth feel, no cloying fat on the finish.  The rib cap is the most flavorful, followed by the New York strip, rib eye, then the fillet.  Price reflect the quality and rarity; $190 for the rib cap, $260 all others.. . The 24 hour braised short rib is to die for.  Probably the bet example of braised perfection I've had.  The connective tissue melts in the mouth and the beef moist and not stringy.  Served perfectly glazed.  Win.. . Sides compliment the steaks.  The standout, the assortment of mushrooms (shitake, French horn, hen of the woods, white beech).  Simply sauteed.  The perfect blend to boost the umame finish of any steak.  . . NOTE:  I've been asked why do I say 6-8oz of Japanese A4-A5 is a lot to eat.  Consider this about NY strip:. . 8 oz USDA Choice (probably sold in your local area):  aprox 600 cal/  45g fat, / 18g saturated fat. 8 oz USDA Prime:  aprox 700 cal / 60g fat / 25g saturated fat. 8 oz Japanese A5: 3x - 5x the fat of USDA Prime AND $260. . Get it???
I had the dry aged ribeye, with arugula salad. The steak was so tender I could have cut it with a fork.
A wonderful experience at Craftsteak in Vegas. I would say WAY MORE enjoyable the one in LA because everything just taste a lot better here. I went with a group of 5 where we ordered their set dinner(the $140) one where it was simply amazing. We ordered 4 sets of the dinner where we could try each of the steak. . . Before I start explaining the food, they provide you with AMAZING dinner roll...that I simply claim that I would come back just to eat dinner rolls. The dinner roll was so soft that I didnt think bread can have this kind of melting texture with some sea salt on top. You can add their butter to it to make it even more amazing(but it would taste amazing even without it). Yes...I ate 5 and yes my waiter asked me if I wanted more and my answer is obvious. I had it for breakfast the next day when I was a bit buzz...microwaved it for 15 secs soooo goood still.. . Back to topic, you won't feel ripped off when you get the dinner for $140 set because it comes with A LOT. There are 2 salads, prosciutto AND the most amazing of all the Beef tar tare which is WOW....they give you two toasted bread which was toasted perfectly. I don't know what to say because it was that gooddddd. Omg... I want some right now. . . Came with 4 steaks which all of them were REALLY GOOD. YOu can tell how good the quality of the steaks are but my favorite is the skirt steak. That is just me of course. They already cut the steaks for you which you would think that all the juices will be good but it isnt...Regardless if you haven't had it you might want to try the $140 deal once(or any other deals they have ). . The crazy part was that we were so full before we even finished the steaks...(must be the dinner rolls :p) but we barely could hold our ground after finishing the entrees.  The waiter came with 3 desserts at first and I was like ah dude...I think we got this. The waiter eventually came back with another waiter and came back with 6 OTHER desserts. From gelatos to cakes to tarts. We were done. . . I say that this might be another way to have a happy ending besides you know what in Vegas. . . I'll come back one day Crafsteak.
Best service in Vegas!  This review is LONG overdue.  My husband and I made a trip to LV in October of 2012 and we made advance reservations at several restaurants we wanted to try.  One of these was Crafsteak.  We made the reservation on Open Table, and noted in the comments that my husband has a food allergy.  . . We arrived about 10 minutes early and we were seated immediately by a very warm hostess.  The place has a surprisingly laid back ambiance and the booths are HUGE and very comfortable.  When our waitress came to the table she immediately indicated that she was aware someone at the table had a food allergy and that she would gladly accommodate and make sure the kitchen was aware as well.  I wish I had written this review sooner so that maybe I could remember her name, but she was an excellent waitress.  Extremely attentive and knowledgeable, and incredibly kind.. . We decided to have the Domestic Wagyu Surf & Turf 3-course menu, along with the wine pairings.  With this menu you have no idea what you will get for each course, it is the chef's selection.  The food was AMAZING!  We got the wagyu tartare and a tomato salad for the appetizer course.  The tartare was perfectly salty and delicious! For the main course we got several cuts of steak, a lobster tail, and a variety of side dishes, including the mushroom assortment and french fries.  The lobster was tender and sweet, cooked to perfection.  The steaks melted in your mouth, were super flavorful, and were cooked exactly medium-rare, as we ordered them.  For dessert we got an assortment of house-made sorbets, as well as the cinnamon monkey bread.  The monkey bread was meant only for me as my husband could not eat it, so the sorbets were meant for him (but of course I tried the sorbets as well).  The sorbets were perfectly tart and refreshing.  The monkey bread was very tasty, just a little too sweet for my liking.  I don't have much of a sweet tooth, so sadly I could only take a couple of bites, but if sweets are your thing, give it a shot.. . I cannot rave enough about the quality of the food and the service at Crafsteak!  My husband still dreams about that lobster tail, and he tells anyone on their way to LV that they have to eat there.  . . My only complaint (if I must write one), is that the amount of food that comes with the 3-course menu is just too much for 2 people.  It's impossible to finish it all, and some of the items just wouldn't be good reheated.  We made sure to finish our favorites and had them pack up the items we could reheat, but still left a good amount of food on the table, which felt wasteful.  Keep in mind they are bringing out full portions of every item, including multiple steaks and sides.  I suppose that makes it worth the money, but if it were more like a tasting menu (smaller portions) it would be perfect.. . Last comment (I promise!)... save your pennies because it's definitely on the pricey side, but you are absolutely getting what you pay for.  It's worth every cent!
This is a great place if you really want to have a great meal or impress your guests. Service and staff are top notch. You will absolutely be taken care of. The food is a la carte, so don't plan on your own individual meals. Recommended items are Kobe Beef items and yukon potatoes, although absolutely nothing disappoints. Bartenders are amazing, and you wont be disappointed with any drinks you order. While the restaurant itself is on the pricier side, it is absolutely worth every penny. Definitely a must go to place for a nice dinner while on the Las Vegas strip.
Holy moly - run, don't walk to get these 24-hour braised shortribs! I have been dreaming of returning to Craftsteak to devour this dish after visiting last year. The meat is fall-apart tender, and the au jus has the most amazing flavor. The bartender told me the secret to making them even better (I wasn't sure this was possible!) was to take the rolls that were served with dinner - split them in half & put the shredded meat on there to make mini-sliders. I don't know how it was possible to make it even better, but it did!! Insanely good.. The bartender offered to do a small/half portion of one of the sides for me, and even the small portion was very generous. I will be dreaming of these shortribs until my next visit! YUM.
Off the hook expensive and good.  We rolled in and purchased the A5 Wagyu beef a la carte and it was incredible.    You can argue it was too expensive but the steak melted in my mouth and I could cut it with a fork.    Amazing!
We've been here a handful of times but hadn't returned for about 2 years because the host service was awful.  Even with reservations the host made us wait over an hour and kept saying, "it will just be 15 more minutes."  Because of this, we were hesitant to return but thankfully on this visit we were seated right away and had no problems.  . . As always, the food was amazing.  People always complain about the price but I think if you want quality food, you have to pay for it, and in Vegas everything in expensive. There is a Chef's Selection Menu for a set price per person and this gives you a certain amount of starters, entrees, and desserts but I'm glad the four of us did not choose this option because it would have been far too much food.. . Two of us started with lobster bisque which was absolutely fantastic, we all ordered a steak, and then we all shared 2 sides which were large.  Then we each ordered a dessert.  My sister-in-law and I both ordered the monkey bread because we didn't want to share the amazingness. You must try it!  It's the best dessert in the world. The husbands each had two scoops of very good ice cream.  Afterward we were so stuffed!  Service was great and I look forward to returning.
This is the first time I have taken the time to write a review for a restaurant.  It was so impressive that taking the time to offer deserved praise and recommend others enjoy it too was necessary.  The entire experience was top notch.  Obviously the food needs to be great to qualify as a great restaurant. Check.  Everything was amazing.  From the fresh bread, appetizers, entrees to dessert each course was impressive in its own right.  I haven't ever been to a restaurant that got so much right.  The service was stellar.  I worked as a waiter through college at some nice restaurants so I expect good service at expensive restaurants.  Its stunning how many restaurants allow the front of the house experience to be blown by a shitty server.  The service here was fantastic.  Clearly the dining room manager is on their game.  The staff was knowledgeable, helpful and attentive without being intrusive.  Well-trained, well-managed and well-hired.  Great.  Finally, I'm I don't subscribe to architecture or design magazines or anything so its not like I usually care all that much about decor. However some restaurants just have a great look and feel and others just don't.  Example: the night after Craftsteak we went to Bobby Flay's restaurant Mesa Grill because my wife is a fan.  Mesa Grill felt like we were sitting on top of each other (this isn't SF where space is limited, its the desert, everything is huge). Mesa Grill had the ambiance of an upscale Denny's.  wtf.  By contrast, sitting in Craftsteak you felt like you were in an upscale classy, elegant steak house in a resort destination; which you are, so it should look and feel like it.  Very cool, very laid back atmosphere.  Overall I give this restaurant a 10.0.  We eat out a LOT and at some great locations. This was one of the best restaurant experiences ever.
It was my first time here at this restaurant with a group of girls for a bachelorette party and let me tell you it was an awesome experience! The waiter was very helpful with recommendations. I ordered the new york strip steak and my friend ordered the braised beef both cooked perfectly as ordered. My other friend ordered a hanger steak which ended up being a little rarer than she was comfortable with (although I personally thought it tasted amazing). The waiter even brought us a desert on the house for the bride and a lot of extra bread to eat with our left overs. Be warned, this place is on the pricey side but It was absolutely worth it.
If you're ever in Vegas, this is one of the best Streak places I've been to (and I've been to a lot in Vegas).  As expected, the service here is on point so I'll talk about the food:. . -Apps here are amazing.  Bread here is amazing.  I will warn you, though, don't get suckered into eating so much bread or apps becasue you won't have much room for the actual dinner.. . -We tried family style steaks, getting a little but of each steak craved up for us.  NY was good..Filet was juicy...ribeye was flavorful...but it is all in the flank. Yes, I said flank!  Ask the server put the flank next to you.  When you're done eating as much as you can, that's when you can offer the rest to the entire group.  Just think about it:  While all the amateurs are going for the filet, you'll be in steak heaven with the flank.  And yes...you can thank me later!. . I can't wait to go back on my next visit in Vegas!
My buddy and I had dinner here on Sat/13 Jul about 8:30 pm. - We showed up without reservations and they got us a table immediately (when my buddy checked on-line earlier the only reservation times available I think were 5:30 pm and 10:15 pm).. - For drinks we got the "Billionaire Cocktail" which was only $15/ea.  Good cocktail made with Booker's Bourbon but since the drink was pink/red-hued and inside a martini glass it looked as if we were drinking Cosmos.. - The complementary bread rolls come out toasty and tasty.   . - I had the hangar steak (rare) and as a side the pureed potatoes.  My buddy had some steak and as a side small potatoes.  It was delicious and a lot of food so we couldn't finish either potato side dishes.  . - Service was prompt and attentive.
My husband and I decided last minute to go to Vegas on leap day in 2008 to get married.  On the drive to Vegas I booked a room at the MGM.  We arrived at the hotel in the early afternoon and then headed out to get a marriage license and get married.  When we returned to the hotel wewere starving and not sure where to eat we decided on Craftsteak.  We put in a reservation and were reminded of a dress code for men.  It wasn't an issue because we were already dressed nicely, afterall we had just gotten married.  Anyway, we arrived on time and were quickly seated.  To our surprise, however, there was a man in the booth next to ours wearing shorts and a football jersey!  I think someone forgot to remind him of the dresscode.  The place was very dim, almost to the point where you couldn't see what was in front of you.  But we were in a great mood and didn't really think much about it until much later (months later in fact).  We ordered the 32oz porterhouse for 2, fingerling potatoes, bernaise sauce, and the warm frisee salad, which I don't think is on their menu anymore.  We also got a few drinks.  The porterhouse was brought to us already sliced into bite size cubes and then pieced back together again, which was nice.  It was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  The potatoes were delicous as well as the bernaise, which by the way I have yet to find a bernaise sauce that tasted as good at theirs.  Also very good was the warm frisee salad which had some thick pieces of bacon in there.  I checked out their current menu and unfortunately I don't see it there so that sucks.  My husband and I have been to a number of other steakhouses hoping to find a place that tops this but have yet to find one.  The food here was very good, but the price was up there.  It was about $250 for the 2 of us!  I can't recall if that included the tip or not, but I have a feeling it didn't because we both had a couple drinks each.  We'll definitely be coming back here again.  In the meantime we'll continue to look for a steakhouse in L.A. that compares.
I got engaged hereso I might be a little bias. But this place is great, their fanny bay oysters are the best oysters I've ever had. Ordered short ribs for an entree and that was equally delicious! My ring came at dessert so I barely ate any but the monkey bread looked delicious!
My boyfriend & I dined here on our recent trip to Las Vegas. . . We had been debating on which steakhouse to dine at as there were so many to choose from. . . We narrowed down our choices from (Delmonico, Mastros (we ate at the one in LA last year) and Craftsteak).. . We eventually settled on Craftsteak mainly because it had the most reviews (vs Delmonico) & Mastros was in an odd setting (in a mall), . . Do I think we made the right decision with Craftsteak?. . ABSOLUTELY. . . It was perfect from start to finish. . We were running a tad late for our reservation so I called in advance to let the hostess know and she graciously seated us as soon as we arrived. . . The ambiance of the restaurant was beautiful.. It didn't even feel like we were in a casino, which I worried about.. . We both started with starters:. I had the Cesar salad . & my boyfriend had the lobster bisque. . . The Cesar salad was just okay for me. I feel the price was steep for a salad (about the same for lobster bisque)-- & the anchovies weren't very good. . The lobster bisque however was so good. Warm, decadent, and great presentation. The server brought out a bowl of chopped lobster and poured the soup over table side. . . The rolls were also very good. They reminded me of Hawaiian rolls, freshly baked with sea salt. I wish they asked if we wanted more because we gobbled them down quite quickly. . . For our main courses we ordered the rib eye and the scallops and the pureed potatoes.. . We shared everything. It was all cooked perfectly. The steak was perfectly juicy throughout. And the scallops were so evenly salted and cooked. The pureed mashed potatoes melted in your mouth like butter. . . The whole dinner was a complete experience. We wish we saved room for dessert. But even though we didn't, they brought out a lovely panna cotta with a candle for my boyfriend who was celebrating his birthday. . . Such a nice touch to a wonderful meal and experience. . . Would definitely dine here again! Definitely one of the highlights of our trips. :)
How to start this review? . 1st. Went and gave my reservation and was immediately sat at our table.. 2nd wasn't sure what to eat but I knew I wanted a good steak so waiter suggested chefs menu.. 3rd was expensive but after few questions went with it.. 4th I left the selection up to him and boy did he did not disappoint 3-4 things off each course plus dessert selection to die for!. With all that said this was easily best meal I've ever eatin. Yes it was expensive but well worth it. Think I will do it again before I leave Saturday.
The heavens opened and angels came down singing songs of delicious meat.. . I love steak.  I do.  I just love it.  I can eat it day in and day out.. . Some of my extended family dined here and we were seated in a private dining area.  I think we totaled at around 15.  I apologize in advance for not being able to recall every dish that was ordered.. . I know we started off with Maine Lobster Bisque, Risotto, and Potato Puree.  All were delicious but the lobster bisque was a bit too spicy for me to enjoy at length.. . I know someone in my general vicinity had filet mignon, someone else had NY strip, another had lobster, and someone else took half of my rib eye.  Beyond that, I really couldn't say.. . In any case, my rib eye (medium) was perfect.  Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, and perfectly ingested.. . As a side note, my cousin's adorable children (boy aged 3.5, girl aged 1.5) loved it here!  Service was good considering we were out of sight, out of mind.  Since we had two young children with us, we had plenty of requests -- high chair, small plates, etc.  However, they were very well behaved and loved the food (especially the risotto).
Overall this is a 5 Star experience. The only thing that could knock it down would be that it is terribly overpriced. My dinner was comped by the casino so it wasn't a factor for this experience.. . Before I get started on this $410 dinner for two, I must begin with the service. It was flawless, and I actually mean that literally. We cousin and I watched the "busboys" measuring the distance between the chairs while they were preparing the tables for the next guests.. . I started with a glass of the Malbec. The server gives you a small pour directly from the bottle to makes sure it is up to your standards. I'm glad they do because it was terrible. The waiter suggested a Cabernet in its place. It was excellent (however I would feel badly turning down a second glass anyhow).. . I started with the lobster bisque. As mentioned in other reviews, I was served a bowl with many large chunks of lobster. The bisque was poured over the meat table side. Best lobster bisque I have had in my life...at $18 it should be. My cousin had the Kobe tartar. It's not my thing, but he said it was excellent. We also shared the sea scallops. Cooked perfectly, and tasted excellent.. . For the main course, I had the 18 oz rib eye with bone and my cousin had the filet. We really wanted a side of lobster, but they don't offer that so we split the 2.5 pound Maine lobster entree...back to that in a minute. I know this is getting to be redundant, but my steak, order medium rare plus was dead on. I don't know how they did it, but it was perfect. I compare all fine steaks to my favorite, Mastro's. Mastro's is still my number one, but this was a close second...excellent marbling, flavor, aroma. The filet looked great and was well received by my cousin. The lobster is presented shelled, in a light cream and chanterelle sauce. It was good, but they have got to be out of their minds charging $70 for it.. . The sides were average to above average. We enjoyed the potatoes au gratin, asparagus, and baby shitakes.. . My cousin finished it off with a cheesecake that he really enjoyed.. . No complaints here. The evening was flawless, free (minus tip) thanks to MGM, and no more overpriced than every other restaurant there.
We decided to check this restaurant out before a show.  We had reservations, and were a bit under-dressed for this place.  I would say at least a collared shirt.. . We ordered drinks, appetizers, and the main course. We skipped the dessert.  All the food was outstanding and some of the best we have ever had.  The service was very good as well.  My wife had the wagyu skirt steak that was absolutely amazing.  My mother in law had the lamb chops and she said it was the best she ever had.  I had fish, and it was cooked amazing as well.. . If you are going to be in the MGM, I would suggest making reservations.  You won't regret it.
Unbelievable experience!  Heard so many good things and my dinner Saturday night lived up to all the hype.  There were 5 of us seated for dinner and we all shared our steaks/sides.  The more the merrier because you can order more sides!  Highly recommend the rib eye and filet mignon.  For sides...MUSTS are the potato puree, pan-fried corn, asparagus, fingerling potatoes, caesar salad and the persian cucumber/watercress salad.
Food was unbelievable.  We had the domestic wagyu tasting and it was superb.  Yes it is pricey but if you can splurge I highly encourage you to do so!
This place deserves at least ten stars ! I don't even know where to begin but all I can say it was worth every penny!! Almost forty thousand pennies to be exact. My lover and I ordered a family style deal they had on the menu which came with an array of different appetizers, entrees and deserts. The rolls which are served in this small black skillet are wonderful. They melt in your mouth and I had to have the waitress remove them from the table since I am sure I would have consumed them all.  This is a must try place. Everything I was served far surpassed any expectations I had. I was in heaven.
Surf n turf filet w/ scallops, oysters and malbec = a happy kitty
came here for pre day anniversary dinner...great and professional service...steaks were amazing..got the domestic wagyu skirt steak, and my wife got the ribeye = very very good...lobster bisque was delicious as well were the two sides we got mash potatoes and shitaki mushrooms...would come back here again!
I've been here twice and let me say this place never disappoints. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. My guests and I always order the tasting menu. You better come here hungry because the food is presented family style. The selection amount of meats, appetizers, and sides with dessert is off the charts. You cant go wrong with anything you select here. Every dish tasted amazing and well prepared. What really stood out for me was the mushrooms, candied carrots and banana pie but also the delicious cuts of meat. I recommend this place to anyone who is interested in some outstanding food.
We had dinner at Craftsteak this past Saturday before we saw Absinthe at Ceasar's (which was amazing!).  We loved our romantic circular booth and the atmosphere of the restaurant.  We decided to go with the chef's tasting menu and went with the Domestic Wagyu Filet and Ribeye-both were amazing, melt in your mouth delicious.  They were the perfect medium rare and my husband and I both agreed they were among the best steaks we have had.  Our starters were the goat cheese dish with ratatouille (we LOVED it-great flavor, very complex), the Avocado Salad (also loved it, very tangy!), the pork belly (not our favorite) and Heirloom Tomatoes (we are not tomato people, but still thought this salad was perfectly seasoned and delicious).  Along with our steak we were served the Potato Puree (very good, but we aren't potato people either, very creamy!) and Brentwood Sweet Corn (so amazingly delicious we can't even describe it, tasted like popcorn, very fresh, sweet and slightly crunchy) and a mushroom assortment (just okay).  For dessert we had carmel monkey bread, fresh made sorbet, cheesecake with fresh vanilla whipped cream and a fresh fruit assortment-all were delicious, sweet and perfectly prepared.  It was a ton of food, but we did a good job:)  The food presentation was meticulous and so was the service.  We can't wait to go back the next time we are in Vegas and have already recommended it to all of our Vegas loving friends!
Had 3 course meal for 2 which included 3 appetizers, 2 steaks with 3 sides, and 3 desserts.  We asked for the lobster bisque after reading reviews on yelp and they added that in as well and WOW was that yummy!  We asked for a chocolate dessert as well and they added that too.  Needless to say, we could not finish everything and the service was excellent.. . Highly recommend.
Not a big steak person and sooo many choices in Vegas. We chose it b/c we we were seeing a show in same hotel. No regrets at all. DH pines for great Manhattans--wish fulfilled. Meal, service, and ambiance did not disappoint. Portions were more than adequate and everything cooked to perfection with attentive but not overbearing service. Just wish we'd had time to really take it all in...def recommend for a quiet, classy meal.
Besides the usual steakhouses thought we give this place a try.  Went in to the restaurant without any expectations.  We were seated by beautiful (hot) waitresses.  They were so hot it was like staring at the sun.  Ohh the food, yea was great (bone in rib eye)  and so was the service.  Worth the price and highly recommended.
After wassailing between 4 and 5 stars, it seems 5 stars is much more appropriate considering the group didn't eat one thing they didn't like and we ate there two nights in a row. . . One of Tom Colicchio's feature restaurants doesn't simply aspire to make great food. They start the diner off with an extensive wine, whiskey, beer and alcohol menu. Although very few wines find themselves south of $100 a bottle, a few great buys can be found to complement the meal. And if you are a scotch, bourbon, whiskey kinda guy (or gal), the list is almost too exhausting to review. . . As far as the food, in one word, decadent. From the charcuterie plate that could be a meal in and of itself to the whipped potatoes that seemingly have as much butter/cream as potato (in a good way) to the baby carrots drizzled in local honey to the steaks (all phenomenal, but we split the Wagyu Flat Iron), the group enjoyed every bite. Add a finishing layer of monkey bread, a cinnamon roll on steroids with velvety scoops of ice cream, and you may just need to retire early instead of testing your skills in the casino.
My favorite restaurant in the history of..ever! Is this place expensive? Yes. But I would say its completely worth it. Lobster bisque is completely amazing. Surf and turf excellent. I absolutely hate carrots..but here...I can eat half a plate of their honey glazed desert carrots. And the monkey buns and sour cream ice cream dessert....excellent. I dream about eating at this place when I am not in Vegas. My husband and I both agree...best food we have ever eaten.
This is one of my most favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. . . The skirt steak is UNREAL and pair that with their killer mashed potatoes or spinach and you have a recipe for a perfect dinner. . . The service here always consistent and best in class, plus they make a perfect martini with blue cheese olives.. . OH! and the bread! The gluten filled bread goodness is buttery crack that sets off all alarms in your brain that you are about to indulge in one delicious meal.
Totally ridiculous.  If you want to go to the best steakhouse in the world, go here.  I've been to Mastro's and Boa and Mortons, Black Angus (just kidding) and the rest are solid, but they're like the highschool baseball team playing against the Dodgers.  Amazing food, service and they have a great Bourbon selection.  Tom seems glib as hell on tv, but the man knows his steak!
One word: Delicious. Yes it's pricey, but you are paying for the experience, and I'd say, it is worth every penny. The steaks were cooked perfectly, the potato puree is the best I've ever had, and the service was excellent. I love the modern interior and it actually wasn't too loud inside, even with a party of 18 "frat boys" behind me. They even uncorked a blue label johnnie walker like it was nothing. Wine corking...sure? Scotch...AWESOME. Tom Colicchio...you've done well.
The ambiance is nice and the servers/hostess are pleasant and friendly.. I don't expect much from a dinner roll but here they started out with a salty punch and melt away to a delicious sweet (but not overpowering) finish. It was hard to keep from filling up on them.. The ribeye has an amazing meaty flavor, perfectly aged and seasoned that accentuates the flavor and just melts in your mouth.. The potato puree is wonderfully flavored :creamy but not too rich. It's the most amazing mashed potatoes. The sweet corn. Is sweet with just a slight hint of smokeyness that compliments it wonderfully.. I wish I could eat here on a regular basis. A must visit.
Yummmm wagyu rib eye and the grits!!!! Great service
Maybe it was the bottle of wine, maybe it was the uber nice service, or maybe it was the extra special occasion... whatever the case, this place gets 5 stars from me!. . The fiancee wanted to make it a special weekend since we were recently engaged and it was our anniversary. So we made reservations and were seating in a timely fashion. We had the nice private booth in the corner. . . We opted for the Domestic Wagyu Surf & Turf. At $160 per person, we felt it was totally worth it for all the food we had. We let our waiter know that we're trying to limit the carbs (the delicious bread was enough) and have more of the veggie options. They did an awesome job of accommodating us. . . First course:. Lobster Bisque - I wanted a huge bowl of this.. Tartare - WONDERFUL. . Pinkerton Avocado - I liked it, but my not so avocado liking dinner companion did not.. Heirloom Tomatoes - Okay. I wouldn't of ordered this on my own.. . Second course:. Diver Sea Scallops - Melt in your mouth awesome.. Ribeye - nom. Skirt - even nommers. Brentwood Sweet Corn - best side ever!. Mushroom Assortment - I heart mushrooms, but this did not wow me.. Green Beans - snooze. I can make this at home.. . Third course:. Cheesecake - mmm vanilla.... Monkey Bread - super sweet, but delish!. Sorbet - an after thought... . We really enjoyed our meal here and look forward to coming back again. :D
My friend who goes to Vegas all the time recommended this restaurant to me so I made a reservation.  We were a party of 7 and we went for the domestic wagyu surf and turf chef selection for 6.  We really could have gone for 5.  Our server, Kevin (I think that was his name), was absolutely the BEST!  He made the experience absolutely memorable!  After we had picked our sides, he mentioned to us that we had missed the top 2 selections and helped us by making 2 of our sides as half sides to add in the top 2.  I love it when I get suggestions from the staff because they always know best.  He was personable, very friendly, and he was a delight to be around.  You could tell that he really enjoyed being there and was sooooo welcoming.  Possibly  one of the best servers that I have ever had the pleasure of meeting.  The steak was absolutely delicious and all of the sides were delicious, especially the grilled corn.  A lot of steak places have okay sides, but Craftsteak was well balanced with everything tasting fabulous.  The assorted desserts were delicious as well.  I really enjoyed this dinner and I loved the sharing aspect!
I'm not sure if it's even fair to review Craftsteak, as I had breakfast while with a private party and I later found out, they don't even serve breakfast. All I can say is that the food was delicious (and great hangover food, to boot).  If you ever see their bread pudding on the dessert menu, order it without hesitation. And I say this as a person who doesn't like bread pudding or raisins for that matter, but this was still amazing.  If the food on the dinner menu is even half as good as breakfast, Craftsteak is sure bet. Pun intended.
Great from start to finish. Excellent knowledgable staff. One of the best risottos we've ever had. I ate till my tummy hurt and then still had dessert.
If you can't afford a $300+ meal(for two) you should probably just stop reading this review now. It will only make you sad to know that you can't enjoy it. . . This most recent trip to Vegas was my first time as an "Adult" meaning I wasn't a drunk, poor college student trying to get by on $50 a day(for food). So, obviously I wanted to go big. . . And boy did we go big. This was the most food I got in Vegas, and I went to two different Buffets too. Most importantly though, the food was amazing. . . This was a 5 star dining experience from start to finish. We had made a reservation and arrived early to grab a cocktail at the bar. The cocktails we both had were delicious. We showed up wearing fancy clothing, so the Hostess realized it was a special occasion(although, not really, I just like how my boyfriend looks in a tie) so we were given a private booth in the back of the restaurant. It was very quiet, and romantic.. . We each ordered the Chef's 3 course meal(must have at least 2 people). We went with the American Wagyu for $140 each. And it was worth every penny. We started off with an appetizer, we had the Hand-cut Wagyu Tartare which was delicious. I have never had tartare before, and we both loved it. We also got our choice of 3 of the salad choices. We had the Italian Buffalo Mozzarella, Roasted Red Peppers and the Wild Arugula. They were all fantastic, but I think the Buffalo Mozzarella was my favorite(which included a roasted red pepper relish, which was fantastic). . . Then came the steaks. Oh man, the steaks. We both got the American Wagyu which comes from Snake River Farms in Idaho. I had the New York Strip and my boyfriend had the Rib eye. They were cooked perfectly and so, so delicious. Each cut was 14 oz, and I couldn't even finish it. I felt weird leaving behind delicious, expensive steak. . . With our steak we also got our choice of 3 sides. We had the Mushroom Assortment, Potato Gratin and White Corn Grits  with Bacon, Gruyere, Chives. They were all good, but once again we had a favorite: White Corn Grits. We polished these off. The addition of the bacon and Gruyere was amazing. . . After eating ALL OF THE FOOD. We also got a tasting selection of desserts including the Cinnamon Monkey Bread, Vanilla Cheesecake, Farmers Market Fruit and ice cream and sorbet. At this point we could barely even touch the food, but it was all very tasty. Our favorite was the Monkey Bread(which we surprisingly somehow managed to finish, probably because it was delicious, but also because we are fatties). . . Overall, I think the Chef's 3 course meal is the way to go. The Steak by itself was $105, for $35 more we got ALL THE FOOD. . . We also shared a bottle of Malbec, which is always my favorite with Steak. They have a very extensive wine list. . . The service was all top notch, and wonderful. . . It was a delicious dinner and a fantastic experience.
Suuuuuper delicious.. sooo worth every penny. It is a splurge and a normal dinner for two will start at $300, so if you are able to fork out that kinda dough on dinner.....PLEASE DO IT!!!!   You will not regret it. The food is off the charts, our dinner was a masterpiece from start to finish with great service.
Our third trip here was definitely the best! My birthday and anniversary celebration! Started with a pear martini and a traditional one with bleu cheese olives. Fantastic! Order the steak tartare. Perfectly seasoned and yummy. We split the rib eye which was cooked perfectly. Rissoto was not up to par but was taken off the check no problem. They went out of their way to bring the dessert with birthday and anniversary wishes. A fantastic vanilla bean panna cotta with fresh fruit. Unbelievable! Not on the menu but you must ask for it. A great meal and it was the highlight of our day!
If you are in Las Vegas and looking for a great steakhouse this is the place! I had the 14oz NY Strip and it was unbelievably delicous. The staff is extremely polite and the service is second to none.
Steak is steak...unless you come to the Craftsteak.  We didn't have reservations, but the host advised if we came right when they opened, they could seat us right away.  Seems like a lot of others had the same situation and advice, but with less than a 15 minute wait, we were seated in a very nice booth in what Hubby considered "power zone".  . . Took the other Yelpers advice, and skipped lunch prior to coming in.  Started with the Wagyu tartare.  Extravagant, but well done.  Yes, I know you shouldn't waste such good beef on tartare (sorta like ordering Wagyu hamburger), but we had our eyes on other entrees.  Followed that with a shared tomatoe soup and Persian cucumber salad.  Both were excellent (and yes, we paced ourselves, and didn't finish it....though very tempted!). . Main courses were the filet mignon and rack of lamb.  Pir sodes were assorted mushrooms and Japanese eggplant.  It was a lot of food!  Everything was prepared perfectly, and the seasoning, temperature, doneness, presentation - couldn't ask for more.  Too full for dessert - but went ahead anyway and ordered the chocolate indulgence.  . . Despite the lack of reservations, after 2-hours, we were not being rushed out.  We finished our dinner off with some after-dinner drinks, looked at the damage ($$$$$$) but decided that on any subsequent visit to sin city, we will make Craftsteak one of our mainstays.  Definitely recommend you save up some money and make it point to dine here - don't cheap out!
Was in Vegas for both SEMA and daughter's 21st birthday; she's not into the Vegas show thing, so rather than spend our money on show tickets; we invested in a dining experience evening (daughter likes a good tenderloin/filet). . There were 4 of us dining and we went for the Domestic WAGYU -- WOW!!!. . Our server talked thru the multiple appetizer options with us -- trying to get a feel for what we liked vs. didn't and thru conversation our server knew what he was going to recommend and order on our behalf.  Then we discussed steak cuts, sides and desserts.. . Appetizers - Shrimp cocktail / Prosciutto San Daniele w/fresh figs / Caesar Salad w/Anchovy on side / Italian Buffalo Mozzarella w/roasted red peppers and toasted hazelnuts --- all these items were presented and set in the middle of us -- each of these were servings enough for 4 people;  if you loved shrimp and nothing else, perhaps 2 shrimp would be in order if you could talk one of your dining partners into giving up theirs.  This was very similar to a small plates experience of sharing and conversation.. . Next was the steaks - New York Strip / Ribeye / Skirt Steak / Filet Mignon -- now my daughter would have originally preferred to order a Filet all to herself, but she went along with this WAGYU dining experience and as each beautifully charred and sliced steak was placed in the middle of the table, she tried each of the cuts and declared that she couldn't choose which was her favorite.  This is a girl who orders nothing but Filets!  . . The sides chosen were Asparagus (daughter loves) / Potato Puree / Mushroom assortment -- again these were in serving dishes portioned for 4 to share.  I had my way with the mushroom assortment as it turned out nobody else was really interested in them.. . Now on to the desserts..... Monkey bread / sorbets n icecream / chocolate molten something / chocolate torte w/chocolate gelato / pane cotta w/raspberry sorbet. . A wonderful and memorable dining experience!
My dad and I dined here for my birthday. The experience was the best I have experienced in town. I have eaten at all of the top steak houses in Vegas and Craftsteak serves the best steak I have ever eaten in my life. The service was excellent. I felt like I was royalty. The only thing I would say was a bad experience was the lack of enforcing the dress code. I know it's Vegas and a party town but seriously a T-Shirt and jeans does not equal business casual. I wish they would enforce the dress code for such a classy place.
Enjoyed a tasting menu that was one of my top ten meals.  Scallops and Wagyu Tartare to start.  Not thrilled with the tartare.  Scallops were prepared almost perfectly.  Then we entered a meat coma.  Ribeye, Filet, and strip.  The quality of the meat was excellent and the preparation was perfect.  Desert, they brought out a tray and we thought we  could pick one each.  We were wrong it was all for us to split among the three of us. . . Service was great. I'd go back and recommend that you try it.. . Oh, Lobster bisque, excellent.
The hubby and I came in for dinner the other night and enjoyed being stuffed to the brim. Since we couldn't decide between the Domestic Wagyu Ribeye and the Aged Bone-in Ribeye, we decided to get both.. . Both ribeyes were excellent, but our favorite was definitely the Wagyu, the flavor is absolutely decadent. If we had not ordered the two ribeyes sideby side, I would have also been thoroughly impressed with the aged ribeye as well.. . Lobster Bisque - this is lobster bisque done right, I loved the chunks of lobster and the tarragon in the soup was an excellent touch. . Potato Puree - you know this is not going to be you standard mashed potatoes just looking at it, it was rich and flavorful and the perfect side for the ribeyes. . Our waiter was fantastic and a blast to talk to.. . The only issue I had was with the hostess, we had a reservation but still ended up waiting for our table, even though a fourth of the restaurant was empty.
Best steakhouse in Vegas I've ever eaten.  Excellent food and great service. Wouldn't expect less from a Tom Colicchio's restaurant.
WOW talk about great gourmet food!! Came here for a friend's 30th birthday and the meal was magnificent. . . Every steak we tried was fantastic and the sides were so delicious. . Favorite steak was the filet and the New York Strip!. . We also managed to try a few of the desserts and boy were they decadent. The appetizers are amazing. Scallops are a must have! DO not leave without having them. . . Don't fill up on the rolls as that can be mighty tempting!
Came here for an impromptu celebration dinner! There were three of us so we split the porterhouse, side of risotto and broccoli and a bottle of wine. Of course the meal started with their delicious baked bread that came sprinkled with salt and a very good  soft butter. The porterhouse was expertly cooked and came with bone marrow as a bonus! Of course we got more bread to spread the marrow on. The risotto was cooked to perfection! Not overcooked like most restaurants. The broccoli was also very good. Overall a very good meal!
You know I really cant find any reason NOT to give this place a 5 star rating!  Good steak, good service, good sides (potatoes, salds etc...). . When in Vegas you have a zillion choices for a good meal.  I go to Las Vegas about 10 times per year so have tried just about every restraunt in town and most outside of the strip as well.  This place should be one on your list for business dinner or just a fun night out.  . Not so much for a romantic dinner though.
I was in Vegas for Thanksgiving, so can you imagine how long the lines were for the buffet? (4-5 hours long around 5pm line up) My fiance and I decided to skip the buffet and make a reservation at Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak. What a great decision we made! Reservation was easy and the food was excellent! Because it was Thanksgiving they had a prix fixe thanksgiving dinner menu available with all your likings of turkey, stuffing, side dishes plus more. Although I love to have me some good turkey on turkey day, I already made up my decision to order myself a filet mignon. Good thing they didn't just served their prix fixe thanksgiving menu, the steak was phenomenal! So tender and perfectly executed! I loved it! . My fiance ordered the rib-eye and that was also very good. The steak had great marbling because the steak was tender and a bit of fat all around. It was good! But the filet mignon in my opinion was better.. . The sides: we ordered potato puree and baby shiitake mushrooms. Both sides were delicious! Potato was creamy and certainly a good amount to share between 2 people. And last but not least, dessert! We had to go for their chocolate souffle with ice cream! Yummy! All in all, great service, great restaurant, great food, no wait!  Can't go wrong with a good steakhouse in Vegas! . . Big fan of top chef, so glad I got to try tom's restaurant!
Best food I've ever had.
Imagine this: Thanksgiving day...In Vegas...No dinner reservations...Looking for a turkey dinner. Nearly impossible, right? Right? Yep, it sure was until I found reservations were still available here at Craftsteak!. . I book a reservation online and 45 minutes later I was in! Yay! Craftsteak had a Thanksgiving menu and that's what I ordered. I think it was an 8 to 10 course meal. However, I wasn't able finish it off. I didn't even get to try the dessert since I was completely stuffed! . . In addition to the great meal, the staff here is excellent. The ambiance is really nice too. The next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely come back here to try their steaks!
Went prior to comedy show, w brother. We ordered the Angus Steak prix fixe foe $119 each. Started with a Lobster Bisque, and two starters. The beef we ordered was rib-eye (med) and Filet (Med-rare), sides Brussels w bacon, creamy mashed potatoes and fungi. Was all great. The house cab complimented the beef nicely. Then a dessert sampler. . . A whole lot of food, and the prix fixe is a much better deal than ordering separately. . . Beef was great, service attentive but not bothersome, price what you'd expect. . . I'd definitely return.
Awesome. This place is nice, steak done well (not well-done), and the sides are awesome. I've been to many great steakhouses and this is one of them. . . The restaurant itself is very nice and the staff was great. They offered a steak tasting the night we went which was a great way for us all to split several steaks and try many different cuts. . . ... and who doesn't love Tom. . . Enjoy!
BEST. RESTAURANT. EVER.. . I went here with my boyfriend as an Anniversary dinner, and it was ultimately the perfect place to have it at. We both weren't sure if they were going to be able to seat us since we made no reservations and really just came here on a limb.  But they accommodated us pretty quick, which was great since we had a show to go to afterwards.. . My bf told me that Tom was a guy who was on Top Chef and that this restaurant was known for it's steak and he really wanted to try it.  I'm glad we did because it was by far the best food I've ever had.  I ordered the Wimbledon cocktail, and it was simply refreshing.  If you love gin like how I do, definitely give this drink a try.  I ordered the the Divers Sea Scallops that was served with spaghetti squash and WOW, the scallops were the best I've ever had.  They were cooked perfectly, melted into my mouth like butter. My gosh, what I would do to have some of it now! We also ordered a side of the Brussels sprouts and I am now a fan of them more than ever! Perfectly caramelized and cooked with bacon?! SOLD! I forgot what type of steak my boyfriend got but does it matter? I bet they're all good, I mean this place is known for their steak!. . The service and our waitress were very accommodating and helpful. I absolutely loved the ambiance of the restaurant and the food was overall amazing!
This popular Las Vegas steakhouse doesn't need one more 5-star rating, but here goes.. . I decided to keep things simple, as it had been a long day attending a financial software conference.  I decided on some iteration of a green salad, filet mignon, and a chocolate dessert.  . . All of these delivered beyond my expectations, and I only wish there was a Craftsteak closer to my home in Florida, so I could visit on a semi-frequent basis.. . The spinach salad with pears, called 'Market Spinach, Pears, Port Wine' on the menu, was simple and generous.  The pears had a bit of a chew and the port dressing wasn't boozy at all.. . The filet mignon, a 10 oz. Blank Angus under the 'Roasted' section, was prepared to perfection.  It was prepared the way I would do it at home:  butterflied, one side crusted with crushed peppercorns and coarse salt, pan seared, and then finished (most likely) in the oven.  The accompanying pan sauce -- not listed or described on the menu -- was rich and savory (I actually wished there was a bit more).. . Finally, choosing a suitable dessert wasn't difficult:  the Chocolate Souffle with Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream was the very center selection listed on the Dessert menu.  I have made dozens of chocolate souffles at home, and I was curious how Craftsteak was going to pull it off.  Was it going to be crusty, like a hot, just-baked chocolate cake?  Or was it going to be soupy, like a hot pudding? Well, my Yelp friends, it was a flawless combination of both:  a hot, spongy, fully-baked moist soft chocolate cake that was served perfectly cylindrical and tower-like.  I Instagrammed a photo and posted it here.  . . The scoop of homemade, white chocolate chip mint ice cream looked like a hard-boiled egg on the plate, but don't let that distract you -- homemade ice cream is always a treat.  . . In closing, the service was flawless.  My server that night was named Alexis, who I learned not only holds 11+ years of experience with the restaurant, but also grew up near me in central New Jersey. In fact, we attended rival high schools, but that didn't matter:  at Craftsteak, we were passionate allies in search of a perfect meal.
