Nice gym
We had a great time!. My boyfriend and I stayed one night in a spa suite and never had to leave the hotel for the whole night! We started the evening at Gallagher's steakhouse. Yum!. Next, we went to Chin-Chin for sushi. Suck.. Next, off to Zumanity! Fantastic!. After a few drinks and a few songs at The Nine Fine Irishmen, it was back to our own private hot tub. What bliss! . The Nine Fine Irishmen is one of my all-time favorite bars. It is so nice to get Magner's cider on tap and sing along to some of my favorite Irish tunes.. . As long as you avoid Chin Chin, you'll have a great night!
the atmosphere and crowd was a lot better than Excalibur...and there fun arcade zone is soooo much cooler!!!!
One of mine and my wifes favorite places on the strip. Many games and places to eat inside many good shows going on all the time fun place.
They saved us from the dreaded Luxor! . . Liza at the lobby desk, Rich at the American Bar - the first two NYNY staffers my sister and I came across made us NYNYers for life. . . We thought we had better save some cash and try Luxor, got bad directions to our room and (an hour later) almost threw up walking into the room. GROSS. Dirty! SICK! WTH is this doing on the strip?? And who knew?? . . After getting our money back and heading to NYNY the rest of our trip was perfect. Every encounter with staff was excellent. The room with the view was more than we could ask for and the entire hotel had everything we needed we really didn't have to go anywhere else. Piano Bar and Pizza were our fav's. . . From the Slimko Sisters, Thank you for saving our trip and give Liza and Rich raises! Or at least a high-five for making you shine :) . . Cheers, k
new york new york never disappoints. Love the theme and decor. love the rollercoaster ask for the 2 for 1 deal. love nathan's hotdog. room is clean with comfy beds.
We didn't stay at New York, New York, but we did gamble and eat there. I had more fun in this casino than any of the others we went to. I loved the atmosphere! . . We had the best service when we were here; either on the floor with the comped drinks, which where not watered down like some other places, or at any one of the bars or restaurants there. We moved around a lot and it seemed that every time we'd stop to gamble, one of the waitresses would come and ask us if we wanted a drink. We never went with out one for long. . . We'd chuckle every time the rollercoaster would come through and you could hear the people on it screaming. It just added to the fun. . .  I enjoyed this Casino much more than I did the hotel/casino I stayed in. The next time I go to Las Vegas, this is where I want to stay.
We just got back from a three night stay in Vegas and the New York, New York has a fan for life in me!   I read through many reviews trying to decide where to stay when we are there and am so glad that I made the decision that I made!. . Sure there might be swankier hotels on the strip...and if that is what you are looking for, go ahead and shell out the extra cash...But for me the NY NY was JUST RIGHT!  I love the restaurant options it offers...Really nice to be able to either eat at a nice restaurant or just grab a slice of delicious NY Style pizza and a beer for $6.50! . . We had a blast dancing at the Rok Nighclub... Saw Zumanity our first night and loved the show.,,,.The dueling piano bar entertainment is really fun...and Coyote Ugly offers another fun night time option as well. We rode the roller coaster and had fun playing volleyball in the swimming pool. I also love that it is a hop skip and a jump from the MGM and the monorail that goes up the strip! Very convenient. . . The housekeeping staff was warm, friendly, and non-intrusive...and we had excellent service at the check-in desk as well as w/ the bell hop when we checked our bags after checkout for a couple more hours of gambling before heading to the airport...which is really close too! . . Look no farther if you are looking for a fun, hip, and welcoming place to stay on the Vegas Strip!  Be a part of it at the New York, New York! :-)
I do have to say I was satisfied with my stay. I would stay here again. Easy access to the strip and freeway. Lots of great restaurants and a huge roller coaster. Prices on rooms are very reasonable.
My second favorite after MGM. Have had moderate success at the tables. Dealers have been friendly and it is easy to get a cocktail. The village eateries are a good go. Pizza place is open late. Sometimes get a slice and sit outsite the Apple Bar and listen to the dueling piano entertainment.. . We were first drawn here by the Coyote Ugly Daquiri bar upstairs. Now we go because we like the casino. We have stayed her a couple times, rooms are comfortable but nothing special. Only negative for us has been a couple of loser waiters at the "we are better than you - italian restaurant." Hey we just walk on past and enjoy the rest of the property.. . I had a tourist come up to me and proclaim with excitement "this place is exactly like New York City" I told her she was right except NYNY Casino was clean, didnt have garbage everywhere and didnt smell like pee.
Nice hotel.  I had a great experience at New York New york.  I used to be a big fan of those newer hotels like Palazo and Aria.  But without my comp from mlife, I now go with New york New york.  . . The service is great there.  As you know if you are a mlife member and you book with your mlife offers, you get to go to their invited guest line for check-in and check-out.  . . The rooms are roomy, nothing super fancy.  The things I like about their room is it was very clean, has everything you need, a flat screen TV, and a bathtop.  Nice right. . . Location: it's right off the freeway exiting Tropicana and it's connected with Excalibur and MGM.  It's super convenience for me to go visit other hotels around nyny.  . . My tip is ask for Tower A so you can get to the table games faster and it's closer to the parking lot.  . . The price, I really can't tell you because I usually get it for free or at a discounted rate less than $60 per night.
I always stop by and get a massage at NyNy. Right by the escalators very convenient. Good stress reliever.. . I like the sports book here even though it's kinda small. There's a snack place right behind it with the best popcorn.. . Always gotta try the $5 Wheel of Fortune in the high limit area. $20 investment and got a "spin", won $200! Yay!. . We didn't stay here this time but always make time to visit, we love this casino!
This is a fun casino.  The roller coaster is fun and the tables are often kind to me.  :)
Went here to meet up with friends.  Got some drinks and acted like tourist that is the best part about having people in town.  So we got the big drink and took silly pictures.
l love walking through here. It brings back memories of New York. They inside looks like the city with the decorations they put up.
One of my favorite hotels from the outside. I actually got to see the statue of liberty :) Being from Hawaii, that was a cool thing to see. I felt like a little kid in the candy store again. . Speaking of candy, they have an exact replica of the statue inside the hotel made completely of jelly belly. I know! Was pretty mean. :) . Even inside the hotel they made it look like the streets of NY. . 5 stars for the creativity. . I like also liked how we walked here with connecting walk ways from the Luxor to the Excalibur to the NYNY. ;). Visited Aug 2011
Omigod I LOOOOOVE this casino!  It's really easy to get lost.  I will say that, I was looking for a machine by the escalators and could not find it and you'd think with a landmark like "escalator" that would not be a problem.  . . It made me feel like I was home!  The layout of the "streets" was great and the BEST part was the high ceilings studded with "stars" that did not make me feel claustrophobic or like the casino man was trying to confuse me and keep me there forever and ever.  . . It helped that they had the monopoly machine.  Watching that machine is like watching coffee.  If you can imagine the non-boring version of that.  I feel like if I explain this comparison further, it's just going to get weird and confusing.  Anyway, I love that machine, AND I love the wheel of fortune machines that are located by the car that I would never want to win because who wants to win a stupid four door white car and then have to pay taxes on it?  Not I, said the fly.  . . Yeah, I think the ceilings make this casino great.  That and the decor.  And the Brooklyn Bridge.  I was afraid to try the bagels, because then it would have ruined my fantasy about being back on the East Coast fo sho.
My cousin (whom I had not seen in 27 years) came to visit me on March 17-21, 2012 and I wanted to treat him to a memorable time, so I booked him and myself into a "Player's Suite" at this terrific hotel, because I had been a guest there, once before.. . The room was ALMOST perfect, only because of the following problems:. . 1. There was no DVD player attached to the TV, as I had been promised by a local reservationist.. . 2. There were problems with the Cable TV connections in one of the 2 TVs in the room, requiring a maintenance staffer to make two visits (and doing some cable re-wiring) to correct the problem, which was never fully corrected (not due to anything involving the maintenance worker).. . 3. There was no in-room coffee maker/pot, as one sometimes finds in lesser-quality inns.. . The room where we stayed for 4 days (March 18-21, 2012) had a whirlpool hot tub, and it was terrific.  While there, we utlized room service on two occasions, and the meals were delivered quickly and at a reasonable price.  One meal was breakfast, while the other was a late-night pizza.  I was most impressed with their room service delivery and amenities, and would certainly recommend it to anyone who has the good fortune to be a guest there.. . In particular, I'd like to mention managers Charles and Robert, maintenance worker Edwin and security staffer Tina, for the excellent customer service they extended to myself and my cousin.. . I would encourage you to stay at this ultra-fine establishment, whenever you are considering a visit to my town, Las Vegas NV.. . For sure, I will be going there again, whenever I am able to do so.
So Much Fun will be had in Vegas this week! I figured the only time I will be coherent enough to write my own name I might as well get the review completed. We started off with some pints in the PHX airport and sat next to another HOT CHICK that let me touch her leg every now and then... And got word that we would be partying with Perez Hilton for his B DAY!. . Great things about The New York New York staff is that they follow the Vegas Rule! Tip and be spoiled! We had a laugh with the desk clerk talked about our BFs allowing to have a GIRL WEEKEND and got the free upgrade!!! WooHoo!!!. . The beds are amazing! I don't find us spending too much time in them though. The record label got us into pretty much into everything. But any resort that knows a gay man needs his cuddle pillow that goes between my legs is 5 Star to this Yelper!!!. . Enjoy Life Everyone!
We did not stay in the hotel so this review is based off the Casino.. . GREAT! We left Excalibur (see my review) and came here based on the recommendation of a buddy. Fantastic recommendation. Within five minutes of sitting down on the slots the drinks started flowing. I got fairly drunk and dumped quite a bit of money into the slot machines here. Funny how that works isn't it?. . There were half naked dancing women behind the poker tables, great way for the house to win LOL. All in all, we will definitely be back, and may never wonder anywhere else on the strip. New York-New York is about the best we found in our walk of the strip.
This review is for the casino, I haven't actually stayed at this hotel. . . As for the casino, it was one of the first casinos we were in that we felt had 'young' games....you have got to play BATTLESHIP! Had tons of fun on that machine, as long as you have four people sitting down...it brings back childhood memories of playing the actual game:). Next, we had so much fun on the electronic CRAPS game.....that was something we hadn't found at other casinos so all in all....we really enjoyed the casino game choices they offered and also getting a quick massage at the top of the escalators, and there was Ben and Jerry's around the corner, pleasantly memorable casino that we will visit again on our next visit.....too MUCH FUN
It is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas and it has an amazing atmosphere. The cons are that the "Roller Coaster" (used to be Manhattan Express) is very rough and very expensive, not worth it. Also, I didn't like how they removed the Central Park section just to expand the Casino. NY-NY is also very family-friendly.
Yes, everything good here.  The ADDED TOUCH was the recorded messages on the room phone by "Vinny."  The elevators which had a direct shot to the higher floors which meant less stops.  The vehicle valet "scanner" was great.  The staff had personality.  Our Madison room was large and spacious.. . Only one bad thing to us though:. The music heard in the casino at  1:00 AM  on Sat into Sunday  was loud and BAD BAD BAD.   They were blasting  RAP music,  which I consider the lowest common denominator of bad taste in music.  It's not even music,  it's street thug, gangster, low class, low IQ, poor people's NOISE !   Electronica music would have been a welcome change.   If I was the hotel manager,  I would fire the music director because of his "limited" scope and vision.  . Also at that time all the drink spots were full to capacity, standing room only, no available seating,  with a bunch of drunks everywhere. That's O.K. but I've been there / done that.  I just wasn't in the mood that night to be a part of it.   So my wife and I left.   But I still give NY NY high marks and would go back there again.  Just we would skip the late late night casino scene.
I absolutely love this hotel!  I usually try to go with a less expensive hotel in Vegas since you get gouged everywhere else, but I made the reservations during a special.  The decor was nice, I had a view of the roller coaster, the bed was comfy, and the staff was very friendly.  Free wifi is a definite perk, too.  I think this will be my regular hotel for Vegas trips from this point on.
Awesome hotel saved my honeymoon after a horrible night at the Luxor. New York New York is my new favorite place in Vegas nice clean rooms that even the most basic have a feel of luxury. Friendly staff and best of all besides outside the hotel they don't have any annoying timeshare people in here.
I love you Vegas and I will see you soon.  We were lucky and got a great cocktail waitress who was bringing us drinks every 10 minutes.  We kept tipping and she kept coming.  I also love the bar in NY NY called Nine Fine Irishmen.
First I was down $200 - if I could give it 0 stars I would. Then I broke even - okay 3 stars. Then I hit a hot streak and walked away with $930 - okay this place is awesome. . . Rode black all the way.
Been going here since it opened and it's still one of my favorite hotels in Vegas :) The rooms might be a little on the smaller side, but as a whole this hotel has character and the types of people who go here are more laid-back and not party crazy. The whole hotel is themed like NY, ofcourse, and some parts of it even are made to resemble old new york streets. . . For breakfast, I recommend the America restaurant, which I believe is open all day. I mean, it was around 4am and I had a craving for country fried steak and eggs and people were inside, eating away. Awesome :)  But my favorite restaurant here has to be the Nine Fine Irishmen. They have great food and live irish music that starts at 9pm and it's a blast! . . Also, if you are going as a family, they have a wonderful arcade with plenty of games and entertainment! Since Gameworks closed, this place probably has the best arcade now and they still have the rollercoaster ride! (which i've never tried, lol) . . Sure, since NYNY opened, their have been many new hotels that are fancier, more elaborate in decoration and have more "pizazz" (fe: The Cosmo, Bellagio, or Wynn) but even after visiting all the newer casinos, this is the one I always go back to.
We had a perfect time here, got in at midnight waited only a few minutes to check in. We got lucky and got a room in the Chrysler building, its a little futher down but worth it. The elevators are never crouded and it is the quietest part of the hotel. The room was very clean, bed super comfprtable and the temp was perfect. We will come back here many more times.
Stayed here for 4 nights and I really enjoyed it.  The room was clean and accommodating the staff was friendly and courteous. Various food venues to choose from and all so yummy. We got to see Zumanity and the show was phenomenal! I highly recommend staying here. We got the Mlife card (free members card), we used it several different casinos and restaurants and racked up the comp points!
4 star hotel in the middle of everything great value for the money. Overlooked roller coaster. Casino $5 blackjack tables staff was friendly, lots of nice resteraunts in the hotel. Got a m . I've card butmforgot to redeem everything. Stayed at bellagio before but this hotel has a younger fresher crowd to me.
My friend booked the hotel because she wanted to try it. It was my first time in Vegas, and I would definitely recommend this hotel!. . We had a bunch of friends staying over at The Luxor, but oh my goodness, please just book at NY NY. Compared to Luxor, we had wi-fi, much thicker blankets, and a cleaner/newer room (not moldy and damp like Luxor). Our view was okay; we could see theroller coaster. At times, we could hear people going down the coaster and screaming, but we weren't really in the rooms that much, and at night by the time we got back to the room to sleep, the coaster wasn't open so it wasn't a problem. Compared to Luxor, we also had a fantastic variety of places to eat on the main floor. The front desk was helpful and brought things to the room promptly (we requested more towels and hangers). The room service was also great (nothing was stolen ha!, they gave us enough towels, replenished and gave us a whole bag of toiletries, and tidied up our room well). We stayed in the New Yorker Tower, and the shoe-shiner was very pleasant and greeted me whenever I walked by. There is also an Italian restaurant on the main floor next to our tower (II Fornaio) that had happy hour specials (4-6pm?) that was pretty good. $7 entrees (pizzas) and entrees (we got calamari), $7 wines, and  cheap domestic beers. No complaints about this place!
This place was just amazing! Ppl at the register desk were beyond helpful and so nice! I booked thru facebook and receieved a 50 credit which came in hella handy! Who doesnt like perks! Will be back for future stays for sure. Center Bar has great bartenders. Thanks to eveyone for making our stay wonderful
One of my favorite's in Las Vegas... Fun at a reasonable price.. . NYNY is great to spend some time strolling and drinking beers. the gaming floor is laid out well and the staff is generally friendly and helpful.. . Be sure to get a slice of pizza :)
Stayed at NYNY from the 2/10/13 - 2/14/13 in a standard room with two of my friends on vacation. I was extremely please with my stay overall. We arrived via shuttle to the hotel around 11am, so our check in wasn't ready yet and we dropped off our bags with the bell hop. After walking around for about an hour and a half, we walked up the front desk to check in, and even though check in time was around 2, they let us in at about 12:30pm. Rooms are separated into different buildings so you have to take a specific set of elevators to your room. We got the corner room in the Chrysler building on the 27th floor, facing away from the strip towards the mountains and the Monte Carlo Hotel. Room was pretty standard, and the beds were very comfortable. We asked for a cot and more fresh towels, all of which they brought up right away. My only qualm with the room was the bathroom didn't have a fan, and also the water pressure was extremely weak in the sink and the shower. Other than that, it was all pretty nice, clean, and comfortable. . . This is an excellent hotel and casino to vacation at if your with kids, or with friends, or just looking for a great deal overall. This hotel isn't the Ritz so if your looking for sheer classy and elegance, a place like the Aria or Bellagio might be your place, but it is still a nice, fun place with a lot of character to it. . . . PROS. *Price - Compared to the other prices for hotels, you can't beat the price. A much cheaper price than anywhere else, yet the rooms, atmosphere, and everything else was fantastic. The best bang for your buck on the Las Vegas Strip for sure. Only con on the price was the 'Resort Fee'. Basically, you have to pay it anyway, so why not just include that in the original price. It's a little deceiving, but all of the MGM properties do that. . . *Food Options - We ate at the Broadway Burger Bar and got some other random food there like a slice of pizza, but there was so much more that we could have eaten. The options there are incredible, and lots of places to choose from. The Burger was was reasonably priced and good food. The slice of sicilian pizza was good, but $6 a slice!. . *Casino Options - One of the much smaller casinos on the strip that I saw, but they have lower table limits like $5 Blackjack which many hotels do not offer. I also liked the layout of the casino how it was more of an open air atrium like Paris had, as supposed to low ceilings that almost every other casino has. Maybe it was a bit of a dead week, but they didn't have as many table games open as they could have. .  . *Service - Everyone was extremely friendly from the wait staff, to the maids who cleaned the room. Every single time we ask for something (towels, soap, cot, etc.) they brought it up right away and were very nice about everything. We also met a host on the floor who gave us our mLife Cards right there and helped us out with advice.. . . CONS. *Location - More towards the south of the strip, but still not a bad walk if you want to travel to other surrounding casinos.
Love, love, love NYNY!  Every time we go to Vegas, we find ourselves at NYNY for the gambling.  Love the friendly staff and fun atmosphere.  The 11am Craps lesson is the best and it's free!  I never thought I could understand all the complexities of the game of Craps, but after the lesson, I was totally confident in my ability.  The room we stayed in was clean and quite comfortable.  Definitely going back in the future.
love it love it love it
We stayed at New York, New York for a long weekend & loved it!  The atmosphere, the rooms, the restaurants, the clubs... everything was great!  . . Upon arriving my husband checked us in & he was upgraded because he is active duty military.  We also went to the Irish Bar & Coyote Ugly (both inside of NY NY) where we both got in free, no cover, because of being military. . . Also, we were able to eat right in NY NY every night because of all the great restaurant choices.  We had pizza from the NY Pizzeria, it was good & not over-priced.  The deli style restaurant they have there is the absolute best sandwich I have ever had in my life!  Again, not over-priced espcially considering you are in Las Vegas.  . . The last night we went to see the show Zumanity at NY NY (where they also gave an incredible military discount for tickets) & ate dinner at the Mexican restaurant, Gonzalez Y Gonzalez.  It is semi-expensive for mexican food but worth every penny!  We ordered a crab guacamole where they have everything cut fresh & mix it right at your table.  The margaritas are to die for as well!  . . The only down fall is, of course the additional resort fees you pay like any other hotel on the strip.  Other than losing some money at the craps tables... this was our favorite trip to Vegas!!!
I love NYNY. I had previously stayed here with my family 10 years ago however i stayed this past December with my GF. This hotel is very nice and so are the rooms. We stayed in the Park Avenue room with a view of the roller coaster. . . I love that they have alot of eateries in their hotel. If you're a sushi fan you must eat at Chin Chin inside NYNY. Their sushi is good and their crab cakes along with shrimp tempura lettuce cups. The pizza place inside is also good. . . I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Oh and their resort fee is cheaper than other hotels. i thinks its 12.50 a day but all hotels have a resort fee now. I also got the room at a discounted rate so i was very happy. Friendly environment
I happen to really enjoy the gaming floor here. I love Nine Fine Irishmen and make it a point to go every trip. The hotel itself is loud, but the rooms are pretty nice. I hate the roller coaster being right out the window though.
Probably as close to the real New York as you can get here in Vegas. The highlight of this casino is the roller coaster of course. If you are a thrill seeker this is definitely the place for you!
Won on craps, had a blast at this casino. Great dealers and it has a Nathans too.
Nice Room on the 26th floor. Easy access to the strip.
We didn't stay here, but went and gambled a few times and had lunch here! We are from the NY- Tristate area and think they NAILED it with decor. They set up NYNY like the suburbs of NY and did a killer job! Coney Island with the coaster and rides, staten island with the killer subs and delis and just everything else was really great. We ate at one of the deli's which was incredible. Hugest portions ever - enough to feed two.. The casino was dope. super clean, bright and a large selection of tables and slots! Go check it out, ESP if you've never been to NYC before because you totally feel like you're there !!
This was our first time staying at NYNY, and we frequent Vegas.  We had a comped room (Thank you MyVegas), which was the Spa Suite.  It was awesome!  The room was so nice, clean....and oh how my tired achy feet and body loved to sit in the warm Spa after walking the strip!  The Pool was nice, good music, good atmosphere.  I also love to play here, especially since they have the lower limit electronic craps and roulette... not to mention the nice pizza joint on the casino floor when you need a middle of the night bite!
Nice room, staff is very, very nice, the lobby has over 25 very good places to eat. I had a great time.  The location is great, it is right in the middle of the strip.
I stayed at NyNy for my birthday during labor day weekend. This was my first time staying here. The hotel was great and didn't smell like smoke like a lot of hotels in vegas do. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful starting with Miguel,  the guy who helped with my check in. He made my bday great by upgrading my room without me asking and wishing me a happy birthday. Next we had a really nice bellman bring our bags to the room and compliment us on bringing our own beer pong table to vegas. Then the house keeper brought me up a bday card and chocolate bar from the hotel. The room was amazing and the bed was divine. The pool was great especially since it was so hot. And coyote ugly was a great bar to dance the night away in. I will definitely stay at the hotel again. Thanks NYNY.
I've been in Las Vegas for 4 months now and have pretty much explored the entire strip and this one is easily in the top 3. They have excellent restaurants, I won gambling in their casino and they even have a roller coaster which provides a fantastic view of the strip at night. My friends and I spent the night here and thoroughly enjoyed everything about it. A must see if you have a few nights to kill in Vegas.
Awesome place and definitely found my number one choice when I decide to come back out to Vegas. My check in was quick and easy and had an awesome sweet with a great view of the Vegas area. I think New York New York separates themselves from the other resorts because of all the things there are to do there. From an entertainment standpoint shows like Zumanity, and all the bars/ restaurants they have make it hard to leave the resort to go somewhere else. . . I would call New York New York an "all in one" type of place because there is always something new there to do!
Ok I have to put my hand up for ny ny. If you are traveling to Vegas and are between 18-30 you cannot go wrong I think the ppl rating this so low are just older and bothered by small things... No offense . We got a comp upgrade And the room was great. Flat tv big bathroom comfy bed And CLEAN. I saw a basic room and it was still clean and nice just less fancy.. The staff is nice the ambiance is great small pubs 24 HR eateries and rok night club.. Plus it is central to everything MGM Excalibur Monte Carlo right near a duece bus stop. The only thing I'll say is while i was there the pool was closed so we could go Yo Monte Carlos pool ( right next door) it is a great pool lazy river wave pool jacuzzi bar restaurant. If you can sneak in there just flash yout room key and go on in ( I think they are sister properties)
This is the second time I have stayed here at NYNY. The staff was great. We arrived early and were given a room I asked for immediately. This kind of service alone makes me want to come back again and again.. . After arriving to our room, we noticed it was very clean. My girlfriend ended up having bad allergies after the first night. I also woke up with allergies and I hardly get them. I'm an hvac technician, so my first thought was to check the filter for the a/c and heating system. I looked inside the return grill and noticed the filter was clogged and filthy. That was the culprit of the allergy issues we were having. I called maintenance and the issue was addressed within 5 minutes. This isamazing service. . . This is the kind of service that all places should have. Overall we had a great time and we will definitely be coming back to NYNY.
We stayed at the MGM Signature, but found us spending most of our time at NYNY instead of MGM. I can't speak about the rooms, but we loved their casinos. Our favorite blackjack dealers were here and I had a great streak of luck at the slots here. We will consider staying here for our next trip.
$285 for 2 nights and 3 days for me and my hubby to stay in a suite.. . We stayed in the spa suite and loved it so damn  much. I was so sad that we did not stay there for a week. We went during the summer time when it was blazing hot. luckily we had a decent size spa tub that could fit the two of us along with my two year old. Our room was big, over looking the roller coaster & the strip. At night, we'd lounged in the spa tub in warm water (since it was hot) & turn on the bubbles. My daughter loved it so much! Being in vegas does not mean you have to gamble, drink, and party. Heck, i'm 21. It was my first time in Vegas & I truly had a blast. I think it was because being in our suite made things feel so relaxing. Can't wait to go back to the New York New York again!. . BTW, we also had a special deal with our hotel room purchase. We received a freebuffet for the 2 of us at any of the participating hotels :D
Great place to stay very pricey but nice rooms great bars and restaurants and the staff was very pilot and helpful. Loved the atmosphere it by far is one of the coolest looking places in Vegas and even if you don't stay there you have to go ride the rollercoaster it is a blast and worth every penny
You know, this place turned out to be way more awesome than I thought it would be.  I'm a little OCD when it comes to cleanliness and this place was clean.  I don't think I've felt this comfortable in a hotel room in a long time.  I even felt comfortable running around this hotel room without sandals.  If you know me, this is a big thing because I hate hotel room carpet.  Maybe my room was recently remodeled?  . . My boyfriend got us the spa suite (room 1815).  He paid $111 a night (not including tax and $22 resort fee (everyday)).  This was on a Friday and Saturday.  It was a deal from SmarterVegas.com.  Wow, I never knew how cool it would be to have a hot tub in a hotel room until we got this room.  While he was playing poker at the MGM (New York New York does not have a poker room), I got to sit in the hot tub and read and watch television.  I loved this so much.  AND, the hot tub was clean.  It looked brand new.  . . I looked at the yelp pictures and the other spa suites did not look as big as ours.  Our room was huge.  Much bigger than the 500sqft that it was suppose to be.  Our room was probably 600 or 700 sqft.  Check out my pictures.  . . We had a view of the roller coaster and parking lot.  It was fine.  I could hear people screaming on the roller coaster occasionally, but it was muffled.  I didn't really notice the noise at all unless I was standing at the window watching the roller coaster.. . The casino didn't smell like smoke.  I really appreciated that.  Plus, I liked how the rooms were close to the parking lot.  In some of the other hotels, you have to walk forever to get to your car.  This place, not so much.  I also like that this place is located on the corner of Tropicana St.  This allows for a quick escape to and from the 15 freeway.  We never had to get on the Vegas strip in our car.. . What I didn't like - the hot tub created a lot of steam.  I felt like I needed a vent in the room for the steam.  I hated operating the television because they didn't have a tv guide channel.  I like being able to go to one channel and see what's playing on every channel.  It sucked cycling through the channels from the hot tub trying to figure out whats on each channel.  Eh, first world problems.  The wifi is spotty.  Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.  However, wifi was included in the resort fee.. . Overall, I would stay here again.  I really loved it!
