I attended Marquee on New Years Day.. . I've been to quite a few nightclubs in vegas over the years and let me explain why I am giving it 5 stars.. . The doormen were incredibly kind. Almost to the point where we thought it was weird. Usually they are looking to get greased like at XS and Pure.. . The wait was reasonable but only because we got there at 8 and it opened at 9. We got in around 9:30. Of course we could have greased the doorman but if we are going to make it in before 11 then why bother.. . Good looking crowd. At one point I found myself realizing that every female at this place was gorgeous. The waitresses, bartenders, and dancers are all dimes too.. . This place is HUGE. 3 floors. The top floor has a nice chill area to play some pool or go out onto a loft to watch the whole crowd. The dance floor with Kaskade DJing is the flagship. The outdoor area is really nice with the pools and all. Smart move to make it a day club too. Something for everyone here.. . Not sure how long this kind of spectacle will last as things change but hope you enjoy your time.. . I've left the email and number of one of the VIP Hosts:. Brad Spieser. 513-312-6584. Brad.Spieser@marqueelasvegas.com
I came here on New Years day to see Kaskade do his thing and it was quite the show! I got here at 10pm and little and behold, the line is crazy long. I tried to get a hold of my host that I know here but no luck, probably due to opening weekend.. . After my stay in line, we get in. The club setup itself is divided into the main floor, The Library and another room in which i forget the name. The main floor is where the headlining DJ will be playing and it is strictly EDM (electronic dance music). The Library is up a few flights of stairs and plays mostly hip hop. It has a few chairs to lounge around and a pool table if i remember correctly but no dance floor. The other room is a top 40 room and with a dance floor. It was a decent sized room for people to get their party on.. . However the 5 star rating is mostly due to the awesome show that Kaskade put on. He went on at 1am and didn't stop spinning until 9AM!!!!. THAT'S AN 8 HOUR SET PEOPLE!!! The visuals on the led screen along with the other affects made this one heck of a show. . . The lineup of DJs that they have scheduled is crazy. Some notable names include ATB, Chuckie, Morillo, Kaskade, Roger Sanchez, Above n Beyond, EC Twins and Benny Benassi. If your a fan of EDM, this is the spot to be . . I cant wait to see how the DayClub once it opens up this summer!
The place is perfect size and crowded... but who doesn't like rubbing elbows with beautiful people:). The back of the club opens up to an outdoor pool and bar....with cabanas and see through jacuzzis.. Drink pours are worth the money and the talent is insane.. Kaskade upped himself and played from 1am until 10am when everyone couldn't dance anymore.. The LCD screen is high tech and mind altering!  And the it turns into a stage/platform that girls dance on!. The sound system is also very impressive! . There is a tremendous amount of thought and care that went into the design and functionality of this place!  . And it is located in my new favorite hotel!, Cosmo!. I will most definitely will be back and cannot wait for summer!
Marquee is the newest club to hit Vegas and it is ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE. A gorgeous club full of gorgeous people! My girls and I agreed that it would be very, very hard for any other place to top it... it was that epic.. . The main room will blow you away with its 40 foot LED DJ booth, but make sure you check out all three levels, including the Boombox and the Library - you will be wowed by it all. The Boombox is a smaller underground club with a separate DJ, and the Library is more of an intimate lounge area hidden behind the massive LED screen - complete with pool tables, vintage books and offers more craft cocktails. And if you need to cool off, head outside, where you'll be impressed by the incredible backdrop of City Center views and the fabulous pool cabanas with see-through jacuzzis. . . We received rockstar treatment from beginning to end, and were fortunate to be walked right in. The GA line was scary long. We ended up dancing the night away at the VIP booth right next to the DJ booth, so it almost seemed like we were go-go dancers on stage. It was ATB's first night of residency and it was so amazing to be right there with him. His set was totally nostalgic - remember "Till I Come"?! - we were partying like it was 1999! The dance floor was completely packed with a high energy crowd.. . Marquee has really taken the Vegas club to a new level. AMAZE-BALLS!!
I went to this nightclub last Saturday and it was mind blowing. XS is by far my favorite club in Vegas but this one comes extremely close to topping it. . . The outdoor patio area is amazing. It's on a higher floor than XS and has a pretty good view of the Aria/CityCenter. It also allows you to get some fresh air which is always nice. There is a bar outside and the tables outside are pretty sick too with the clear jacuzzi glasses.. . ATB was there on Sat and everyone was having a blast. I couldn't remember much of what happened because of the amount I drank before getting into this club. Apparently there were two sections of this club that I didn't even see.. the library and boombox at the back of the LED screen.. I had one hell of a time and I stayed there till 4! I can't believe I completely missed two sections of this club. I guess that just means I'll need to go back again.. . I know someone that had connections to the club so didn't have to wait but I did see outside there were a massive amount of people trying to get into this club. It IS the spot to be and you WILL wait a few hours if you don't have connection.
this is the club to go in Vegas, if you're not a girl you'll probably have to spend a huge amount of cash to get in , or wait in line forever, or possibly both. . . I mean i've been to clubs, but this is it. I was there the night ATB was playing and I really couldn't get enough. The was like a fire show, with women spitting fire out of the bras, and they looked good! I think that everything about this club says vegas, its over the top and the music was phenomenal.. must go
Marquee is definitely one of the best clubs I've been to. Better than Surrender in my opinion. The crowd is better, and there's so many different rooms you can go into. They have an outdoor area as well, with a mini jacuuzi at each table! The only thing I want to complain about is that the second night I was there, the elevator broke and they made all of us walk up five flights of stairs! it was very unfortunate.
Hands down one of the hottest / Sickest clubs in Vegas... . Went there opening weekend to see Kaskade, and let me tell you F#$kin AMAZING. From the decor to the sound system to the people there, its amazing.... . Like others said its kind of a tuffy to get in but hey that let you know ur at the right palce. . . gets a little crowded but its mainly with beauitful friendly people.. . For sure going again, hoping to go feb 12th for kaskade again, but this time im bringing ear plugs. My ears were ringing for 2 days after that one night.... . Well maybe its cause the Dj kept spinning til 930am... yes 930AM... insane night . . Thank you Marquee and Kaskade for that great night
DRINKS ARE PRETTY CHEAP!. . Bought a bottled water, LA water, vodka cran, and chilled goose shot; and it was around $50. That's pretty cheap! . Normally, I think drinks in any club on the strip is $20 each. . . Again, I had sooo much fun on their industry night -- MONDAYS ARE THE NEW FRIDAYS! ***quote me on that***
I went to the Marquee on January 1st full of anticipation of the unexpected. We were walked in by the very friendly doormen, and omg....i was in awe!!!! Such a great experience....the club is glamourous, i LOVE the 3 levels; the upstairs is the classy lounge with pool tables and books, the middle level is glorious where Kaskade was spinning, and the lower level had dirty hip hop :D .     The staff was so friendly, it really enhanced the mood...i asked where to find the restroom, and one of the staff offered his arm and escorted me....wow! they made you feel like they wanted you there, not that they were sick of you. haha..      The crowd was also classier for the most part...beautiful layout, amazing lighting and audio visuals were epic! I'm going back in a few days...can't wait!. . ps the E.C. Twins are my new favorites ;)) FABULOUS!
Went to Marquee on January 1st, a day after its official opening on New Years Eve, to see Kaskade and EC Twins. Me and my friends bought presale tickets. $50 bucks for guys and $40 bucks for the girls. Knowing that it was gona be packed we got there at like 8:30 PM (club opened up at 9 PM). When we got there, there was already a huge ass line that I didnt even see the end of, but since we had presale tix our line was only like 10 people deep. A girl came by to us one on one to check our tickets that we printed out and we were inside the club within 10 min of it opening. . . We took an elevator to God knows what floor. Upon entering there was a bar right as we exited the elevator. Sum of us checked in our coats which was I believe 5 bux per item but don't quote me on that. . . Walked towards the main room after that where they play all the house music. They've got all the biggest  house Dj's in the world playin there like: Eric Morillo, Chuckie, Axwell, Kaskade, Steve Angello, Benny Bennasi, etc. There's two big bars in that main room as well as a dance floor and a shit load of tables for bottle service. In front of the dance floor is a stage like setting where the Dj's spin, and behind them is like a 40-50 ft. LCD screen. . . Went up to the library which was above main floor since the club was still empty. They got a bar in there with a few tables as well as a pool table which was free to play which we played a few games. Theres also a balcony looking over the dance floor of the main room. Also had a separate DJ playin hip hop. . . On the bottom floor, theres the Boom Box room which is bigger than the library. It has a bar, dance floor and tables surrounding the dance floor and its own dj playin hip hop.. . Awkward thing was when you go from floor to floor to each separate room, you have to walk  up and down these stairs which isn't good when ur drunk. . . Finally around midnight or so, they opened the patio in the main floor and it was beautiful. Not as big as the patio in XS, but just as nice in terms of how its decorated. During the summer time they're gona have sum rockin as pool parties in the patio area so start hitting the gym!!! Theres a bunch of cabanas and lounge areas in the patio as well as a couple of bars. . . One thing I noticed about Marquee is that the girls that went there were all pretty damn good looking. Not sure if it's cuz it was opening weekend and its the newest hottest club or what but i was blown away. Dont remember how much the drinks were but its vegas so you better expect to drop sum money. . . All in all you gotta check it out especially if you like house music, this place is built for house music on the weekends with all their lights,40 ft. led screen, and sound system. I believe monday nights they have hip hop and r&b performers. . . GET AT IT!
As my good friend & Yelper Paula L. deemed every place we went to @ Vegas "swanky" or "janky," the Marquee is definitely swank-ay!. . I absolutely enjoyed my night here as we listened to Robbie Riviera spinning, danced, and sipped on drinks next to the beautiful pools and loungey tables outside, and not to mention on the rooftop of the new Cosmopolitan hotel.  There are many bars located at this club, so if one is packed, you can linger around another, inside or outside. I can't emphasize enough how beautiful it was outdoors at night.. . The main dance floor was incredibly packed and it was sort of a hassle to actually step foot, and furthermore dance. That was probably the only con, but on Saturday in Vegas.. uh, what's new?. There's a large and mesmerizing LED display background behind the DJ set. And although I didn't really prefer this particular DJ who only played one type of music, I still thoroughly enjoyed the music because the sound quality and atmosphere was great.. . Women's bathroom, no line. Amazing? Yes, kinda. But it was crowded in there. There were long couches and vanities where most girls were just lounging around and (drunkenly) chatting up. COOL. . I highly recommend getting on some sort of guest list. We were lucky that someone got a table over here. You can avoid a lot of waiting and paying $$$$ for cover that way. ;) I miss you, Vegas.
This place does not let you get line pass even if you dress really nice and Vegasy. You have to wait in the line. Best thing is to either get presales or get there very early for the guestlist line. I came here 2 nights in a row. This club is THAT nice! 3 floors so it was huge! We spent a lot of time walking around to explore. We got lost and ended up in some stairs area too. . . Music was awesome. The entertainment was off the hook! Best I've seen compared to other clubs. The go-go dancers were awesome and there was even confetti/ foam that drop down during grand finales. The DJ area and screen was like those laser lights from the ceiling at the raves. Totally felt like a rave. I like the room that had raveish music. The library floor did have books that were sexual and a pool table that you can actually play. The hip hop room didn't have better music though.
AMAZING!!  3 floors of awesome....since its a new club, the crowd outside is massive!! . . Tip to guys: You better have at least an even ratio of guys to girls or you're not getting in.  We had a group of 9 girls and 1 guy and guys kept coming up to us to ask if we could get them in.  Sorry boys.. . The main room looks like your in a concert venue the way the stage is elevated, awesome music!! . . The Boom Box room is downstairs, we came to see Eric Delux, but it was soooooooo packed people shoving and pushing that we left before he got to spin.  DJ Lisa who opened for Eric was awesome though!! . . The Library upstairs was cool cause you could walk behind the main stage behind the LCD screens!!  Such a cool view!! . . Tip for ladies:  PLEASE wear comfy shoes cause you will be trekking up and down flights of stairs ALL NIGHT!! You dont wanna eat it on the stairs!! LOL
Talk about a COOL backdrop behind the DJ. They have a HUGE LED screen that will mystify you while you dance. . . I can't wait till it's warm so we can better take advantage of the out door areas.
Now that I was getting kind of bored of XS, I was hoping for something different that can top XS.  Marquee didn't have the same WOW I had when I first walked into XS few years ago but I must say that Marquee is pretty dope and yes. I like it better than XS.. . I love the beautiful patio with the pools and the multiple rooms with different types of music.  I personally love house music so I loved the music they were playing in there.. . We got in line at 8pm and got into the club around 8:30pm when they opened.  We went inside, went right back out, went to our rooms to pregame then came back into the re-entry line.  We didn't even need a hookup it was perfect planning! haha!
Yah yah yah 3rd industry night; third review updated.. . Talk about FREEEKIN' HOT GUY PARTY this past Monday. nom nom nom. . Eye candy galore..almost felt like I was In San Francisco for a minute.
This club definitely lives up to the rest of them on the strip.  If I had to put it in short, this club is like a mixture of TAO and XS, but with the crowd of what XS used to be when it first opened, which will probably mean that in a couple months, Marquee will be just like XS, a little overrated and super exclusive. . But getting in is pretty simple.  You can talk to promoters to get the ladies in, but getting the guys in for free with them will be tough.  Guys will pay on average 30-50 depending on the night.. . So when you get there, you take an elevator up to the club, and you enter onto the main dancefloor.  The setup is really nice, you walk around and it's very nice, elegant, and decorated with lots of colorful lights, but not too many as the club still remains pretty dark, like a club haha.  The dancefloor out there is a decent size, not impressively large, but not too small.  They generally play house music on this floor and this where guest DJs will generally be.  There are a couple of bars located around the dancefloor and tables that surround the dancefloor.  There's even an outside area with a pool area, very similar to the one at XS but with a different layout.. There's also a staircase, much like TAO, but it leads up AND down.  If you go up, you will find a lounge, which they call the Library, because it is set liek a Library/Study Lounge, just like those you see in rich mansions.  They setting is much more ambient, which some music in the background and places for people to sit and a bar.  It's a nice place if you want to get just get away from the crowd but still want an intimate setting.. If you go downstairs, they call this the Speakerbox.  It is just another dancefloor with lots of tables around and here the DJ plays hip hop music.  It can get pretty crowded as it gets later into the night, but from my experience the DJ on both dancefloors play some pretty sick music.. . The bar, I've only had one drink and she messed up my drink.  But it's only one time, so I'm willing to give it another go so I can't say too much about that just yet.  Drinks do run at about $15 a drink though, like any other club in Vegas so don't be surprised by it.. . So overall, i'd give this place a 4.5-5.  I still need another time here because I can definitively say that this is a good club.  But like I said before, a mixture of TAO and XS.  People who come here just wanna have a good time with some drinks and good music, and that's definitely the vibe that you get when you come here, so check it out!
I really don't know how Vegas does it. Just when I thought nothing could get better than XS....here comes Marquee!!  Came here on a Saturday night to see Steve Angello (Swedish House Mafia) spin, and it was awesommmmeeee.  I REALLY think nothing can top this club now, haha. . . This is the newest club and hotel to hit the strip in Vegas and seriously, nothing comes close to topping Marquee AND the new Cosmopolitan hotel. You get to walk through the gorgeous hotel and up the escalators too the huge entrance area of the club.  The guestlist lines get insanely long, so I can't imagine how long the general admission lines are.  Saturday nights are ridiculously slammed so always use a promoter if you can.  Obviously with all girls you will be walked right in...sorry to say but if you have guys in your group, you WILL wait at least an hour in line.. . Got there at 9pm and had no problem getting in, you take an elevator up a level and you are greeted by a bar as soon as the doors open.  The promoters and doormen are awesome here. Really organized, efficient, and they definitely have it together here.  If anything, your party should just go super early, get your stamp, and come back later...the re-entry line is super fast.. . The awesome thing about this club is the different areas/levels that you can go too. The main dance floor is a lot smaller than XS, but its just as beautiful and fun...like any other club it gets ridiculously packed, but hey when you're drunk, who the hell cares.  . . I LOVE that you can see the DJ booth in the center stage, it always makes the party more fun when you can see who's spinning.  There's a huge 40 foot LED screen behind the booth too which is awesome.  . . Definitely check out all 3 areas of the club!!! The main room spins house/electro all night since that's where the resident DJs and guest DJs always come out. While the Boombox, which is a level downstairs, plays all hiphop/rap music for all you dirty clubbers, with its own separate bar and DJ. While the Library is a nice intimate loungey area with pool tables and lots of tables.  And to top it all off there is a huuuge outside patio area with sofas, more bars, the pool, and an incredible view of the strip.  And the bartenders make drinks extra stiff =).  I can go on and on about this place.. . But my top 3 pros for this place:. . 1. Great service, music, and people. 2. There are a ton of bars so you never have to wait too long to get a drink. 3. Beautiful hotel, people, and decor. . . This has got to be the world's longest review, but I will finish by saying, this place is a MUST VISIT the next time you are in Vegas! It was the first time in a long time that I stayed out til 3am..and I got there at 9pm! Even when I left at 3am the lines were still super long. I wanted to amputate my poor feet at the end of the night, but it was worth it.
Our group of 4 girls and 2 guys (including me) ended up choosing this place after being offered goodies from every other place... and I'm sure glad that we did. We all got in for free and skipped the line, thanks to a nice guy we met earlier while walking the strip. The atmosphere was incredible, the music was sick, and the people were all really great. It was clear that large groups of guys didn't make it into the club guestlist or not, because it definitely wasn't a "sausage fest" inside. The bartenders were nice, drinks were strong, and my group somehow ended up receiving free drink tickets. Another neat aspect of this club is that it is 6000 square feet with 3 floors, featuring a downstairs hip hop room and upstairs library-themed floor. Theres also bars in every direction you look. Steve Angello was headlining the night I went and it was so incredible that I'm definitely going to try to make it to Kaskade or Above and Beyond in the next couple of months.  . . Warning: if you plan on coming here, keep at least a 2:1 ratio of girls:guys. Guys are apparently $45 on the guestlist, but if you run into a promoter, you might get lucky and have it comped. and last of all- Be prepared to have a great night :)
Las Vegas Yelpers!!!. . So... you wanna party Vegas style?! one word... MARQUEE!!!. . I've been coming to Marquee since Jan. 1, 2011 when Kaskade had his opening residency for 2011. Let's just say that it was my best night in Vegas...over the last 4 years of Vegas fun. I danced the night away till 7am! yup :D talk about going hard.. I celebrated 2011 and my welcome to Las Vegas celebration that night (I live here now, yay!)... and since then I've been coming here pretty much every week with my friends who just moved here as well.. . I'm here either on Mondays, Fridays, Saturdays.. . Amazing DJs come through Marquee... besides my all time favorite Kaskade... EC twins, Redfoo/LMFAO, Dirty South, Benny Benassi...  the list goes on... I'm excited for Eric Morillo!. If you love house music... Marquee brings it!. . If you have the connections to get into Marquee or any night club on the Strip... that's always a plus! Luckily... every time I go to Marquee.. I never have to wait in the line... I walk right in and the best part... I get in for free!. . Love the whole lay out! From the bathrooms, designs/words on the walls, boombox, library and main room! Love it! The outdoor dayclub is beautiful as well! I love the jacuzzis and can't wait to enjoy the dayclub during pool season! I also love the performers on stage... their costumes are amazing and fun! It's like experiencing a concert every night you party there!. . Add the confetti, blowing air, amazing lights, kickass DJ booth and energy from every person in the building and you got yourself a fabulous night in Las Vegas!. . I'm so excited that Kaskade will be here once a month! Vegas locals are spoiled with all the talent coming through the venue!. . I don't smoke, drink or do drugs...but I'm a dancer... so when I'm out... I'm looking for a place to DANCE the night away! :)) So there you have it yelpers... Marquee is my place to enjoy Vegas nightlife!. . If you're planning on visiting Vegas or looking for a place to party... make it Marquee!. . Dance like no one is watching!. . -Miss Yelp 2011
I had a fun time here. Went on a Saturday night at around ~11PM, apparently there were some people waiting there since 8PM and weren't  in.. . Got in because a friend frequents here a lot, and gets a table. That night, they were asking around $10K per table... wow. Anyways, got lucky and got in after waiting around 10 minutes... I don't know what we would have done without our friend.... . Drinks are not that expensive - they are around $13 for a mixed drink like an AMF or Sex on the Beach, BUT they're smaller than usual. XS had drinks for the same price but probably had at least 50% more.. . There's three levels... a library-ish chill area on the top, then the middle floor which is definitely the most crowded and plays house-y music, and the hip hop floor.. . I don't know, but I really like crowded clubs - they're more fun to be in and more exciting. And this was a really crowded club. . . The outdoor pool lounge area is really nice - you get a nice view of the Cosmopolitan hotel and Planet Hollywood hotel and Aria, with hanging lights. It looks like there's plenty of seating, but they're all reserved. Most of the cabana style tables outside seemed to be empty.. probably because they were asking for so much. Or at least that's what I remember. There's some seating on some planters where the palm trees area haha.. . The tricky thing here is not getting drinks spilled on you... it's hard because it's so crowded.. . The people who work here are actually really nice - I was surprised. I expected them to be snobby but they were funny people.... . Anyways my friends and I had a blast here. It's definitely crowded for a reason.
The hotel is reminiscent of the Marquee in NYC (it's a chain, go figure). LOVE LOVE LOVE the hotel this place is in. LOVE the music. LOVE the crowd. LOVE that it's free for women and they don't deal with the guy to girl ratio as seriously here as other club's do. LOVE how I enter the club after i go through and up the elevators. People are not as snobby (IMO) and everyone was having a grand ol time!. . The DJ was TEARING it up!!!!!!!! Only bad thing about this place is the packed dance floor. I could barely make it 4 feet deep into the dance floor before I'm like fuck it and escape from the can of sardines that they call a dance floor. The patio was much more forgiving, although the wind wasn't. Brrrr!. . Drinks are $15 for a small glass, but if you go to the guy at the end of the bar to the left of the stage...guy has a heavy hand and will definitely get your effed up. Also, there's a table to sit at ladies! :). . Only negative is the LONG walk to get out of the club...and to return you need to take that BFE walk from the front of the hotel to the back 4th floor entrance. Really?! There has to be a better way to maneuver around here.. . Anyhoo, I'll definitely be back, but I'd love to stay at the hotel this next time.
This place was so much fun! I was impressed with how PACKED this club was on a MONDAY! The line outside was very long but luckily we didn't have to wait to get in. Our whole crew had to link up just to get through the crowd to our table. Our servers were great and made sure our glasses were never empty. The music was fun and everyone was singing and dancing their booties off! The energy was jumpin' and no ego issues whatsoever in the atmosphere. . . I can't comment on the entry price cause I didn't have to pay with my Local license and I never bothered to find out what it was.. . I definitely recommend reserving a table before you go. Unless you plan on sitting at the bar it's dancing room only!. . We danced we laughed and good times were had! INDEED!
This is my new FAVORITE LV club!!! Came here when Sander Van Doorn spun and the night was just amazing! . . It was pretty easy to find the place inside the hotel and easy to get in. Once inside, the bars were all easily accessible so it was easy to get drinks. There are 3 different rooms but I mostly stayed in the main room. . . What's crazy about this place was the SOUND SYSTEM. I think at one point of the night my ear hurt because of how loud the music was. Didn't bother me too much though because I'm used to it. The LED screen by the DJ had cool visuals and I think if I wasn't so drunk I would remember more awesome things about this place. My friend took a picture of these things hanging over the dance floor that spun with crazy lights... So LOOK UP when you are on the dance floor. . . It def can get crowded here but just move outside and there will be plenty of room to dance! Another plus is KASKADE is the resident DJ for a little while... If you go to one club in Vegas... GO HERE!
I know the goal at Vegas was to have girls to buy us drinks... But dudes getting us drinks is a whole other level.  LMFAO!. . This place was so crackin'  the guest list line had 300+ people waiting since 7pm!!?!?!?!?!!  So we bounced the go to XS for a quick minute to come back. . . We had so much fun the pictures we took I don't even remembertaking... Hahaha!. . Shouts out to the staff for letting us in for FREE and cutting the line at 1am!!
I came here in January a few weeks after the club opened. I felt like I had to go here since it was brand new and had a lot of hype.. . This review is from whatever I can remember, since theres no way I was sober that night ^_~. . Place: Very nice and decorative. The main dance floor could be slightly bigger. The outside pool area looked real nice since you could see the surrounding buildings (Monte Carlo, City Center). Some of the VIP tables had jacuzzis with them. Yes, your very own glass jacuzzi, amazing. I vaguely remember the hip-hop room upstairs. I just remember the room being small, seeing some books, and a pool table. . . Music: The night I came here, EC Twins were opening open for Robbie Rivera. They were pretty good. We stayed til about 3:00am, so we only got to see Robbie Rivera for about an hour, hour 1/2. . . Sound: Just perfect. . Dresscode: Dressy shoes & collared shirt for guys. I was not able to get in with my black Vans. 1-1 Girl-Guy ratio (They're very strict on this one). Normal price was $30-40 for guys I believe. . Yes, I'd definitely come back. Yes I wish I can afford that VIP table w/ the jacuzzi in the summertime. If you like house music, there are many many big house DJs that will be playing here.
This place is the SHIT. That's all you need to know. If you're in Vegas, this is the place to be right now! Came here with a group of friends back in January right after it first opened, was lucky to go the same night ATB was dj'ing! Yeah, I know... Sick right? It's okay to be jealous. But you can go too and have as much fun as we did, and you'll probably get a cool deejay because it seems like they always have good guest djs! Plus, the club setup and decor is beau-ti-ful. They have indoor and outdoor parts as well. They have bars set up everywhere throughout the club. Yes, I loved it indeed.
THIS IS WHAT I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR TO COME TO VEGAS!!!!!. They bring in the top dj's from all over the world...now I don't have to travel all over just to see my favorite dj's.. On 2/19/11 they brought in Above & Beyond and the only word I can use to describe the feeling....EUPHORIC!!!!!!   This club just bumped out Vanity to take over the # 3 slot in my favorite clubs in Vegas....# 1 is XS and #  2 is Surrender.  As long as they keep bringing in the top dj's I will continue to be a fan!!!. Cheers!
Marquee Nightclub Las Vegas has set a new standard for nightlife. Marquee caters to all type of club music fans with a dedicated house, electronic, and hip hop room. Drink are mostly $12 a piece. Highly recommend the Fist Pump drink (shot of pop rocks and redbull with Jager). If you want to get in before midnight make sure you are in line no later than 830 on a weekend.
In the newest hotel Cosmopolitan lies the Marquee nightclub. This hotel attracts the Hip, Young and Collar Poppin' crowd. Once you walk into the Cosmo, you'll start to feel the ENERGY shoot through your veins. The modern design with chandeliers lights can be seen every where. The club has a sleek and chic design with plush lounge chairs featuring 3 different rooms  and 3 different genre of music (House Music, Boom Box - Hip Hop, Trance on the Rooftop patio). They have the best DJs (Steve Angello, Above and Beyond, ATB, Kascade) in the world spinning here. Since we were on the Guestlist, we had to wait only 10 minutes with no cover charge. I would never wait in line for a club especially in Vegas. It is all about who you know, making sure you name is on the guestlist and having Playboy type of girls by your side. The dance floor does get pretty jam packed but when your favorite DJ is spinning on the 1 and 2s you don't even notice. Overall, one of the best nightclubs in Sin City!
The line is never ending and the place gets RIDONKULOUSLY packed!!! I go at 9 usually just to get stamped that way I can leave and come back.. . Main dance floor is quite small and you do feel like cattle. The bouncers push you around and are quite rude.. . So why is this place so special???. . FUNKTION-ONE sound system, IT WILL MOVE YOUR INSIDES!!! Including your bowels, so make sure you take care of business before the club. The sound is so powerful that I started to bring ear plugs just for this club because sometimes I feel like my ears are just going to blow at any given time.. . The other reason, THE TALENT!!! Bajeebus, if you are an EDM freak, this is the place to be. Resident DJs are Kaskade, Above & Beyond, Dirty South, Markus Schulz, etc. This place attracts them all, so get your Untz Untz on!. . Also the stage is pretty ridiculous too, the dancers dress in the most outrageous costumes. This girl once shot fireworks out of her bra (think Austin Powers femme bot).. . I've been to this club 4 times in the last two months and plenty more scheduled and I live in L.A. This is now the Mecca for EDM in U.S.!!!
Stellar club.  This past weekend was my fifth visit to Marquee for Markus Schulz, along with Kaskade, Sander van Doorn, Above and Beyond and EC Twins for previous visits.  Beats and lights in this place just kicked my ass.  If you think the dance floor is small, you're pretty much correct, but you better dance hard or you'll get floored (unless you're larger, but if you don't like to dance, then get the fuck out of the way.)  Club is glitzy and the crowd can be trashy, depending on what music's playing.  Don't be the drunk moron who jumps in the pool or the blackout breezy yacking all over the place b/c you can't hold your shit.  This place is too classy for that.. . Also, the person who installed the foghorn within the past couple weeks needs to die.
I'm in love with this club!  I think it's probably the best club in Vegas right now.  I really wanted to try this place since I had heard so many good things about it, so I got in line at 1:00am and patiently waited an hour to get in, which actually wasn't bad since my friends and I were cracking jokes with the bouncers and they were letting us go in and out of line to eat and drink (we had a 1:1 ratio so I knew we weren't going to get to cut in line unless we bribed the bouncers and I don't bribe for sh*t; I'll wait, thanks).  Cover is $20 girls/$30 guys.  . . The actual club is pretty huge.  The main trance/house floor is the largest floor and sooo awesome!  When I go to a club, I actually like to dance to trance/house stuff more than hip-hop, so I was loving this.  The electronic display/go-go girl dance space behind the DJ booth was pretty cool and so was the freaking cold blasts of air that would randomly hit the dance floor!  It was much appreciated after dancing up a storm.. . The upstairs room was small and played old school hip-hop, but what I like most about this floor is that if you go through one of the hallways on the other side of the floor, there are chairs and couches you can sit on!  Yay for free seating in a packed club!. . The downstairs hip-hop room was pretty good too, but it really needs A/C or something because I almost passed out from the heat.  Luckily there's the smoking patio just outside where you can step out for fresh air.. . Overall, I really enjoyed my time at Marquee and would definitely come back here again.  Next time, I'll probably go earlier like some of the other reviewers are mentioning and get the hand stamp, so I can avoid the line later.
Came on a saturday night. The EC twins were playing. they are resdient djs there. Music was awesome. holy cow this place is massive. It didnt cross my mind at the time but the next morning when I was thinking about it. if there was a fire or some kind of choas was to happen. 99% of us would probly get trampled to death.  to enter the club u gotta get in an elevator that takes u up into the main floor and than from there u can either go up into another room upstairs or down stairs into another room. dont bother going down stairs, it was small and not mcuh going on. not worth the hike down the stairs. up stairs was  a great place to get a way from the chaos from the main room. security was very touchy about where u could and could not stand in the main room. which was NO WHERE. but the dance floor was way to packed to get it in to do any kind of dancing. it was only 10:30 0_o line was massssive.10x the line up of Tao. but we were fortunate enough to just pop out a 100 dollar bill and buy our way in. other wise it looked like a 3 hour wait.. . honestly the only way to i find to be able to enjoy all this club has to offer. the awesome music and that huge ass screen they have. u neeed bottle service. other wise u find ur self constantly being told to  keep it moving than  u end p up stairs which was okay but all the action is down stairs.. . ** EDIT EDIT on second thought I have to give marquee 5 stars because my drunk ass friend lost his wallet there ( and regardless whether if it was one of thier employees who found the wallet and took the cash or just some random drunk) point being is that they took the time out to send him his wallet and ID. I am very impressed !
Awesomely sexy atmosphere. Go-go dancers are dimes. Kaskade was performing the night I attended - purely awesome, and I wouldn't considered myself to be his biggest fan. The vibe was fun, sexy, entertaining, and certainly a place you can make one of your "unforgettable Vegas experiences".  You may or may not want to pour champagne all over a hot girls body here. Bye.
I think I would give Marquee 4 stars. For the night of 2/12/11 when DJ Kaskade was playing, can I give it six stars?. . My friend and I decided to go to Marquee that night, as one of our friends told us to check out the newest club that happened to be multiple stories high. So, on our last night, we headed out to Marquee.. . First off, the Cosmopolitan Hotel where Marquee was located was utterly gorgeous. Wow. Shiny everywhere- even to the point of the parking garage. You walk into the hotel and that's gorgeous as well. Omg.. . We stood in line about 45 minutes to get in. As it was our last night, we were like, "why not?" and rode up elevators to the main room....and bam, there was DJ Kaskade cranking out his music and the place was packed.. . A little too packed. I had this little girl behind me who had a horrible voice who kept screaming....but nonetheless, DJ Kaskade plays an amazing show. Lights, dancers, and the puffs of cold wind coming out of nowhere....along with his crazy good music? This was my first introduction to Kaskade. I had never even been into the techno/electronica music, but experience that night was so much fun...that I now am converted.. . We didn't even get to see the other floors. But overall experience? What a night, and only in Vegas. How it is without Kaskade? I'm not sure...I don't think it would be as good. But any night that Kaskade is playing...it's so worth it. Definitely go. What a night.
FORGET ABOUT XS its all about MARQUEE now!! but you better have a hook up because the lines for this place are long and still go on past 2 am! we got special passes 2 guys get $35 cover w/ 2 girls in free!! & got to cut the line. . there are apparently 2 stories but I only made it to the bottom floor!! there are seemingly 2 dance floors downstairs.. one by the stage w/ tons of lights flashing from overhead & (once that one gets too crowded) another one forms by the BAR. . the outside is lovely!! beautiful seating.. i think i remember an outdoor bar.... . you line up & enter from the upstairs OUTSIDE, then you go through an elevator and end up downstairs INSIDE. . above and beyond performed when I was there.. but i have little recollection of that... . JUST GO & FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF!!
I absolutely LOVE this club. A lot of people don't like it and I think I've figured out why. Its all about the music. If you aren't into house or edm, then you will not like marquee. But if you are a fan like I am, then this is definitely a lot better than XS or Surrender. . . I love the DJ's that spin. The inside of the club, the dancefloor, is not too big, not too small and is filled with neat lighting and effects, such as falling foam and confetti. Outside is nice as well. Its a great place to get some air, and take a moment to recollect yourself. I also love the fact how there were so many cute asian guys there. . . I am hoping to come back to Marquee to see Kaskade :)
had probably one of the best clubbing experiences this past weekend at Marquee with my friends. Kaskade was spinning so we knew to expect big crowds, but our group did what we were told by our promoter contact and things went smoothly. even ratio of guys to girls, showed up to guestlist line at 9pm and waited maybe 10 minutes. girls were free and guys were $45 (the price of general admission that night i think). . what truly made this a great experience was that all the bouncers were super nice and helpful. for instance, while waiting in line, the bouncer noticed that Justin B. was wearing Vans, not dress shoes. he pulled justin out of line with the promise of getting his spot back just to make sure that his shoes would get him into the club. the bouncer said he didnt want to waste our time if we couldnt even get in which i appreciated. after some nervous moments, we did get into the club. phew haha.. . once inside, we were chilling up in the library since it was still relatively early and not crowded upstairs. found some seats to preserve our feet for the evening and even snagged a few games of pool too. this time upstairs, the bouncer politely told us we would have to give up our seats b/c the people who actually paid for the table were at the club. we got up, but 5 min later the same bouncer found our group and told us we could sit back down and have the area b/c the ppl canceled! us 5 girls truly loved this (although i knew better and wore flats that night haha). it was so great that the bouncer went out of his way to find us.. . spent most of the time outside in the 'dayclub' portion of the club where they had video screens set up to see kaskade's set. we took over a corner of the dance floor and even snagged one of the flying swing cage chairs! main dance floors were packed inside but we had an awesome time outside. i may be a little old for the clubbing scene in vegas but i really did have an amazing time at marquee
Marquee was INSANE-O! its layers on layers of crazy night club adventures...i know its the new place in town but it was still pretty awesome- the music is choice- someone knew what they were doing- the night we went dirty south was spinning (and i was in HEAVEN!) super cool place and considering i wasnt smashed when i got there (or left) for me to tolerate a night club w/o alcohol means it was pretty awesome! check it out (if you can handle standing in line for over an hour- we lost some of our girls cuz their feet were hurting from their heels)
Came here for Dirty South and the place was rockin!!! That main floor is spectacular. You need to think of this place like an elevated version of XS. Elevated meaning up a couple floors with a view and the pool. . . Music = great and that's what it really comes down to!. . I think the drinks were decently priced, but i can't say i can honestly remember...
Being the intense food-lover that I am, I'm pretty surprised that Marquee is what made me want to return to the Yelp! world (..well, actually..not THAT surprised...I love dancing almost just as intensely, but here goes).. . Saturday Night (yeee). Paul Van Dyk (amazing!). Party of 50 (!!).  Ladies free. Fellas $50.  Began the Marquee experience at 8:30PM.. . Now, many of you might think.."that is way too early to get to the club", because if you pre-party, your buzz is sure to wear off well before the club even gets packed.  I thought the exact same thing, but upon entering this gorgeous venue I saw the dance floor and my thoughts flew out of my mind and completely lost track of time.  Maybe it was the music.  Maybe it was being surrounded by my closest friends.  Maybe it was the bubbles that fell on us while we were dancing.  It probably was all of the above, but I think I'm going to give the majority of the credit to Marquee.  . . For the people who aren't as excited about dancing as I am, I like that there are plenty of places to rest, including the Library Lounge upstairs (check out the balcony overlooking the dance floor) and the expansive patio.  There is a truly breath-taking view of the city lights from the patio that you can take in while sitting on their various cushy chairs (there's one that looks like a cracked egg, I like!) and sofas, a swimming pool, individual pools/hot tubs, cabanas, and HEAT LAMPS (I think all ladies will appreciate)! . . But, the absolute best part of this club is that...it normally closes at 6AM...SIX IN THE MORNING...as in..it's basically like a buffet...of dancing. AYCD.  I'm a little too excited about this club, mostly because I just got back from Vegas and am suffering from withdrawals. But, I promise you.  If you love to dance and hate when venues close early, just get yourself over to Marquee, dress comfortably, and dance your heart out.  . . That is all!
I went to Marquee with my friends and it was amazing! We all had a blast and the music was great. When I was there I spent most of my time in the main room, which in my opinion was the best. Later on we made our way to the boombox room, but there weren't as many people so we went back to the main room. From the main you can get outside to an open space in case you want some air, which is really nice with all the people inside. As far as I know there are at least three bars (one in the main room, one in the boombox room, and one right when you get out of the elevators), so there isn't a long wait for you to get your drinks. The drinks that my friends and I had were pretty good, and strong enough to do the job.. . My friend had us on the guestlist, so once we were outside the club we got in the right line, got out ID's checked, got our wristbands and went right in. It was also nice that it was open bar for us till 11.
Had a blast here. The Cosmopolitan and The Chandelier are amazing, and this place helps top off the Cosmo experience. Was fortunate to have a friend of a friend who was friends with head of security here so we even got to go VIP and practically walk right in. This was key especially since there were literally about 300 hundred people waiting in the "reserved" and general line. . . Club was 3 stories... one floor played hip hop, the other house, and the top floor was the "Library." My fav part. You have to check it out to see what I mean. It's set up like a library/study with a fireplace and couches...except with full bar and music. . . Only thing is that this place is HOT right now and get extremely crowded. But that could be a good thing. :)
Absolute must if you're in Vegas.. . Word of advice is to get on the guest list if you don't have the connections to skip the line entirely. . . The line is ridiculous and I hear it opens at 8:30?? Get there early!. . The bouncers are friendly and actually try to make conversations with you haha.. . Great club with a great music and a great crowd If only it weren't so cold that night I would have spent more time by the pool area that turns into a day club at sunrise :]. . Definitely would come back.
What a delicious experience! My twin sis and I came to Vegas for the weekend to celebrate our birthday, and what a great memory forever. Marquee, although crazy crazy busy lines, was sooo worth it. We went both for the Above & Beyond concert (trance fanatics) as well as Friday night to just dance and get in a blur. The main pits were crazy busy and everyone stepped on your toes, but everyone was just in the dance state, so it was an amazing experience. Friday night we finally found a separate little dance floor with a lot of room, and just had a magical time dancing away in our world. Saturday night (the A&B concert) was super packed, but we ended up near a railing, and near a bouncer, which was nice since they moved along the people, in front of us, but we were safe. . Drinks were $14, but well worth it (it's vegas, and they were nice and strong!)  This is my new favorite place, and we will be back to stay again and party at Marquee!
I went here on MLK weekend on a Saturday. There was a lot of people and the line was crazy. Thankfully one of my homegirls talked to one of the hosts n we did not wait in line that long and we had bottle service (I HIGHLY SUGGEST BOTTLE SERVICE HERE) we took an elevator down to the main room. Theres two rooms I think. The main room the played house. It was dj dirty souths primiere that night and he effin killed it! And downstairs was hip hop but it was a smaller room and super packed. They play mostly house on the main floor not like XS or TAO where its mostly electro/vegas style. So if you dont like house this might not be the club for you. We had bottle service outside and it was pretty nice. If youre paying with credit card make sure you have enough money on it because they accidentally charged the whole bill on my friends credit card when it was supposed to be half cash half credit and it got rejected because she did not have enough on her card and once it gets rejected they cant run it again (whack!) but luckily we had a friend to spot us. Theres hella stairs! if youre not wearin comfy heels, sucks for you. At some point of the night a table in the main room opened up so me n my girls got upgraded to the main room and it was INSANE. I really liked the dj setup. The setup was above the crowd and the lights n lightshow was amazing and there was a platform behing the djs where the gogos were and it looked cool. This is def my fave club its a must to go to on saturdays!
Marquee is awesome and has to be my favorite club!! It's the most popular club on the Strip as of now, which means that the lines are really long, so you would have to arrive early to get in. If you come late and don't get bottle service, you will NOT get in.  I was eating at Holstein's next door for dinner and people were already lining up around 8:30 pm!. . Venue:. Multi-storied club with multiple DJs spinning different types of music.  Very modern and chic. Just take a look at the pictures.. . Music:. 1) Lower Level - Hip-Hop, club mixes, Old-school Hip-hop as well.. 2) Middle Level - Main Floor. The DJ was spinning House until ATB started spinning at 1am. SOOO SICK! He's awesome live. Marquee is known to have some very popular DJs to spin on Sat nights.. 3) Top Level - Lounge and bottle service.. . Crowd:. The crowd is pretty young. Seems like everyone is under 30.  Lot of attractive women.. . Cons:. If you want to move to different floors, you have to navigate through a lot of people and stairs. Could prove to be quite a difficult task if you've been drinking.
I could just be partial because my bff is a cocktail waitress here, but I had a really rad vodka-filled time at Marquee.. . I especially love their outdoor area where they have the pool, cabanas etc. because being in the open air sure beats the sardine-packed stuffiness of the boombox room downstairs. . . I appreciate how they themed the rooms according to varying tastes in ambiance/ music.  BTW ATB was there that night, and I was stoked!!. . Expensive everything, but had a beyond awesome first time.
XS used to be the standard of Las Vegas clubbing. The pinnacle of luxury and...well, excess. Now there's a new standard, and its name is Marquee.. . I came here for my birthday to see Paul van Dyk, and it was epic. Legendary. Historic. The talent that is booked here on a regular basis is unparalleled. Just to give you a taste, here are some dj's that are scheduled in April: Sander van Doorn (4/8); Erick Morillo (4/9); Chuckie (4/15); Kaskade (4/16); Laidback Luke (4/18); Markus Schulz (4/23); Avicii (4/29). If you love house music, Marquee is your Eden.. . I've got one tip: COME EARLY (like 9pm early). Why? Because this club is so popular that there's a good chance you won't get in (even if you're a girl). Also because the moment you step inside, you're gonna need at least an hour to explore the club (the main floor, the lower floor, the upper floor, and the outdoor area). Marquee is a palace. There's no other way to put it.. . The main floor probably won't knock your socks off. It's modestly sized, and the bathrooms are a bit out of the way. The dance floor isn't huge, so when there's a big name dj (like Paul van Dyk) spinning that night, the main floor will be flooded and security will seal off access to it (which they did). So be wary of when/where you wander off to. Then you step outdoors, and the sheer size of it just takes your breath away. There are gigantic circular couches to sit or lie on. The outdoor bar is enormous. There are tons of heat lamps that will come in handy on chilly nights. Need to cool off? Have a drink? Cigarette? Wanna get to know the hottie you just met on the dance floor? Just step outside. Uh oh, is it too cold outside? But still don't feel like dancing? Go upstairs and chill in their lounge. There's another bar, pool tables, and a balcony (think Tao, but indoors). Mustered back some of your energy, but don't like house music? Go down to the bottom level where they play hip hop and top40.. . If you're a frequenter of Las Vegas and you haven't been to Marquee, you're fucking up in life (yes Mimi L, I'm talking to you). I may never reach your status and celebrity on Yelp, but I've been to Marquee =)
Went to Marquee for the 1st time last Saturday to see ATB.  I would liken it to going to vegas for my 1st time when I was 21, kind of a virgin experience! ;). . We arrived before it opened to avoid a ridiculous wait and it wasn't too bad.  Maybe took 45 minutes to get in.  It was a bummer that they wouldn't let you drink in line, I had to ditch the round of drinks I bought for me and my friend on the way in LOL.  In contrast to other reviews I thought the layout outside made sense.  There were clear signs for VIP, General Admission, and Ticket Holders, and plenty of people to ask if you had questions.. . Once inside the place blew us away for all the reasons mentioned.  The only complaint was it got way over-packed near the dancefloor around 1-2:30 after Andre took the stage (yes we're on 1st name basis LOL).  It took around 30 minutes before the bouncer allowed us to squeeze through onto the dancefloor from there it was nirvana!. . One cool thing (pun not intended)...I noticed the dancefloor didn't get too overly hot.  I think they actually blow liquid nitrogen of some kind or something similar from the lights.  The LED board behind the DJ was awesome as well.  We got right up front and close...it just takes time and patience with the crowd.  The crowd was young hip and friendly btw.  Crowded but not the pushing each other type of crowd.  Marquee should just consider allowing fewer people in until 2am or so on big nights.. . We didn't try bottle service this time, maybe next time.  From the friendly service around the place I'll be surprised if we experience the same ridiculous upselling that occurred to us at XS.  I've scanned several of the reviews on here and haven't seen any issues to that effect.. . The staff from the bouncers outside to the guys in the elevators pumping you up to have a good time to the bartenders were great.  On several occasions a bartender would ask if we needed anything etc.  . Beers at $10, Mixed drinks $16+?  made it easy to get served when you were ready for one.. . Overall, In stark contrast to my review on XS, this place was the bomb.  XS management i'm sure has been here and I hope they were taking notes, particularly in regards to the service.  XS's dancefloor may be bigger, but I'd cram into Marquee to see a top DJ any night for good service before i'd go to XS for Top 40 on their soon to be empty dancefloor.. . I had a blast at Marquee and can't wait to return.
Hands down - one of the best nights were done here! Always a stellar DJ roster every weekend - the club to beat!. . Great ambiance- although the dance floor is a bit snug - there are different rooms that pump a variety of tunes. Very well decorated. The special entrance is a bit of a cluster tho- but beats the line :). . LOVE LOVE LOVE and can't wait to go back!. Great host - you know who you are. Saw Above & Beyond here twice and can't wait for many more nights...
F.U.N. . . The set up of this club is slightly different from the main hot spots in Vegas. It's about 3-4 floors in the Cosmopolitan. The top floor has something called the library: closely mirroring a lounge type area. The main floor has a huge dance floor, massive LED screen and patio area access to the left/corner. Then the bottom is another dance floor that plays mainly mainstream hip hop type music. Stuff you can get down and dirty in. . . I loved how this club doesn't get boring. Most clubs play a certain type of music  (ie. XS, Surrender) and if you don't like a particular song, you kinda just gotta tough it out. But for Marquee you can just leave for another dance. . Crowd-wise: young. Its the newest club in LV so it bring a more clubbing ambitious crowd. . . Cons: I came with lots of girls and they made us come from a different entrance to avoid the line BUT it involved climbing 3-4 flights of stairs in high heels and short skirt. Not cool. . . I suggest staying at the Cosmopolitan. Getting to and from the rooms is super convenient.
I usually don't write reviews for nightclubs because they are never static.  There's always a new club, Vegas is always reinventing itself, and our generation gets bored quickly.  But my experience at Marquee was so good that I have to say something.  Aside from it being gorgeous, over the top and larger then life, it's the staff that really stood out to me.  The doormen were the nicest I have ever met.  They weren't pretentious or mean, they greeted me with a smile and [gasp] even conversed with me.  Most doormen at Vegas think they are god, look at you like dirt and try their hardest to ignore you.  Little do they realize so many of them end up hand out cards on the strip.  But not Marquee! I hope they stay employed forever because they were genuinely nice.  They wanted all of us to have fun.  Even the guy taking us on the elevator to go up was pumping us up to have fun in the club.  . . Its hard not to have fun in this club.  There are so many rooms to explore and music for all ears.  The Boombox is like Ghettoland where you can bust your bootay to hip top music and the main room feels likes a real concert with high end DJ's spinning on real turn tables (not clicking a button on an apple computer)  In the Library, you can get tables where you can actually talk, play pool, and even look down at the bumping bodies in the main room.  Outside is really cool too: bubbling jaccuzis heat lamps, bars, lighting - it looks like Vegas is portrayed in the movies.  My favorite was the main room, the DJ was so good!  Even though I'm not a huge house music fan, the mix up was full of enough familiar songs that I never got bored. Oh and the go go girls were HOT.  I'm a firm believer that every good LV nightclub needs pretty Go Go girls, it sets the mood.  This nightclub group does a good job of picking girls that also dance well and also making them wear lingerie.  I think tryst and XS's gold cocktail dresses are horrendous and they make their girls dance with these ugly jazz hands moves, its really not attractive.  I also hate when they just put up strip poles and let the customers dance on them- it looks trashy and they often have no rhythm and are fat but think they are hot.  Plus, then there is a crowd of dirty men taking videos of these poor girls panty shots. . Oh and for some reason, we got lucky with the stairs because we caught an elevator down instead of having to walk.  But still I would recommend bringing flats since there are stairs to and from each room.  I can't wait to go back to Marquee, and hopefully they stay nice!
This place is HUGE! Three different rooms playing different types of music, yah! The TV screens and projections are very cool and the sound system was awesome. The "day club" is outside with two large pools (reminds me of XS and Surrender at Encore) and cabanas with their own private pools.There is also table games in case you want to make a quick bet and win your money back on the super expensive drinks! We paid $70 for four girly drinks but that's expected.
I've been to most of the "big" clubs in Vegas and Marquee definitely takes the cake! Amazing sound system and the place is HUGE! Came on a Sunday night early so had no problems getting in. Drinks are definitely not cheap but then again, they are always expensive at the good places! If your trying to plan your weekend and deciding which place to do it big at, I HIGHLY recommend the Marquee!
It's definitely a good night if most of your party does not remember what happened, but luckily I did! Marquee DJ rocked it out all night with the latest Hip Hop and threw in some old skool reggae. We danced and drank into the dawn.. . It was very crowded but who cares when you are totally into the music and jumping around as one being. What I did find annoying is drunk girls. Get off the freaking dance floor, it's not a yoga studio so stop sitting in the middle of the dance floor! And Guys - if a girl can't stand, stop dipping her! How many times can she end up laying on her back on the floor before you stop dipping her?!? After an hr, you should get a clue. . . Besides that, the guys were not excessively skeevy nor pushy. If you don't want to dance, they'll just find someone who does. $40 for guys, Free for girls - I would most definitely come back to Marquee!
It's all about the performances here.  They bring in top DJ's from across the world and throw one hell of a party.   The main room is focused around the DJ.  It's a giant show with lasers, strobe lights, confetti, a multi-story video wall, and go-go dancers in crazy costumes.  They have a state of the art sound system here but it can be too much if you are around the dance floor.  . . If the main room is too crowded, check out the other two rooms or the pool deck right off the main floor.  The whole layout  can get quite confusing to navigate like a maze, so you might want to turn on the GPS for your phone.. . I reserve the right to come back an lower my rating once my Q card expires at the end of the year, and I have to wait in line.
Amazing place, exactly what you would expect from a Vegas pool party.
Okay now that I've been to Marquee at least a handful of times, I feel like I can write a legitimate review.. . I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Honestly, it spoiled me for any other club in Vegas....so sad. The music, sound system, DJs, etc are all so freakin' amazing that every other spot seems pretty dismal in comparison.. . It's a much bigger venue than I originally thought now that the Marquee Dayclub area has opened up (and it's also not as stuffy though still jam packed). The layout is not ideal but honestly, I would keep coming back to Marquee simply for the music. I can't say it enough -- the music and sound system are phenomenal. I don't care how badly my legs and feet were aching....despite the fact that I'd been in 5" heels for about 72+ hrs, the music kept me there until the place shut down.. . Best looking crowd, though definitely over-the-top douchey, but that's expected at any Vegas hot spot. I don't really know what else to say except I can't wait to go back.
My favorite nightclub in vegas used to be tao until i went here! OMG! this place is DOPE! Me and my friends got in the club fast... Only 5 mins inline! Went inside and all i see are asians and people that have yellow fever! its all good with me.. A shot/mix drinks are about 16bucks each.. the hip hop room is cool but kinda small. The main floor is a good size. Anywhere you stand, you will have a good view of the Dj. The vip/pool area is huge! Two reason why this is my favorite club now is NUMBER ONE: EDM! top dj's every weekend and NUMBER TWO: 3-4 girls to 1 guy. DING DING DING! we got a winner! =D
I came to dance, dance, dance, dance.... . Tip 1: Go early - waiting in line sucks and the dance floor gets PACKED.. Tip 2: Go drunk - pre-party with your Fat Tuesdays on the way there because booze is pricey...so I've heard...I don't actually know for a fact since I've never bought my own drink.. Tip 3: Get your dance on early and then chill out outdoors after.. . I went on two different occasions - both times, girls were free and guys were $25/$45.  I think with it being a holiday weekend, the cover for guys was $45. Both occasions, guys suited up, girls slutted up - that's just how you gotta do it! ;] . . So there is a LOT of stair climbing.  There is usually re-entry, so I went in with my fly heels and then walked out, went to the car and grabbed my flats.   (I don't like carrying things around, so it's not like I had a bag to put my shoes in.)  There are three levels - The Library, the Main Floor and The Boom Box.  Until about 9:30/10:00, the Main Floor and Boom Box usually are the same music.  When it changes, one is House and one is Hip-Hop.  The Library is a chill lounge area with pool tables and a bar.  The balcony of it overlooks the main floor.. . The only thing that bugs me about here (and most clubs in any case) is that most of the bartenders are female.  I mean, I understand the marketing aspect of it and all because duh, it's going to be guys mostly buying drinks, but most females just can't get the drinks exactly right. *sigh* Oh well, I get what I paid for...and to date, that's nothing. HA!. . Overall, great place for a good time in Vegas! Definitely gonna try out the bottle service soon! ;]
Thisis by far the best club I have went to in Vegas, the best part about it was a lot of honeys ( girls) and there was actually space to move around. . . I went here when Kaskade was playing and he tore it up. The only thing that was a pain in the ass was the stairs man I had to walk up a lot of stairs, pre drinking at the hotel and walking up stairs is like waiting for disaster to happen. . . Right when I got to the very top floor I saw some girls sitting on the couch I'm pretty sure they were rolling I didn't know if I should hit on them or give them a light show with my cell phone. Nice people there was well not a lot of stuck up girls, but don't get me wrong there are some. Drink are expensive, but thats Vegas for you.
Awesome!!! Been to countless night clubs in Vegas and this one is by far my favorite.  Very nice outdoor area, big dance floor, and awesome DJs.  Monday night is their industry night so its free for locals and industry to get in.  Not going to write a huge review on this being as that there are 300 reviews already.  Go give it a try!
there is hope for club goers who want to check out Marquee and dont have a vegas promoter contact and are too late in buying pre-sale tix! . . me and justin b. were in this exact predicament over the weekend since we decided last minute to join our other friends at Marquee that evening. we strolled by Marquee in the afternoon and there was a kiosk at the DayClub check-in area with discount flyers (legit ones from the club itself). talked to some of the DayClub bouncers who were working who also verified that they were valid. showed up to the club at 930pm which is the same exact time my friends were told to show up to meet their promoter contact...with the flyer i got in for free (general admission for ladies was $20) and Justin B. got in for $45 (discounted from $50). no hassle, no fuss, no stupid lines and no planning ahead was necessary for a good time at Marquee haha
Holy Sh*t it was a pain to get into this place.  We came here to see Kaskade on a crazzzzzy Saturday night.  We had booked a table and even with a reservation it was almost impossible to get in.  Perhaps because we arrived at prime time (11pm) but they packed us into lines like sardines.  After waiting almost an hour, we decided come back later.  We came back down around 1 to find that most of the line was gone.  After a short wait, we got in!  The club was stunning.  I believe there were three levels with the main DJ being on the first floor and hip hop being spun on the second floor.  The club is HUGE and it's connected to the outside pool area.  They stream the DJ on a huge projector TV outside so you can still hear and see all of the action.  People were dancing everywhere and the energy was none like I've seen before.  It was fun to hop around the club and discover all of the little nooks and crannies.  The sound system was superior, I would highly recommend going to see your favorite DJ spin here.  And as a note, GET THERE EARLY!!!!
This club is glorious. Already been here 3 times since January and about to go back for a 4th time. My first experiences with Vegas were lukewarm. "What happens in Vegas..." "Go big or go home..." Please. None of the sayings fit. I just went back home with empty pockets and regrets...and none of the good ones either.. . Then the Cosmopolitan was built. I saw the beginnings of it 2 years ago, the rough skeleton and a beacon of hope. Now it's built and completely trumps (pun intended) any other hotel/casino venue in Vegas. It's classy, clean and just plain epic.. . So Marquee. First time I went was just after it opened to the general public. We had a hook up of sorts but STILL were advised to get there before 9:30. No big deal. We had a great crew and so brought the party with us to the line. I got to peeping out the scene. The clientele: young, good-looking & dressed correct. Fellas, there are plenty of dimes here, and I'm talking on a NYC/LA scale not a bright-eyed farmboy scale...no offense. . . The hour flew by and soon enough, after a 20 dollar cover fee for the guys, we were in. The atmosphere is just what I look for in a club. The place is huge, diverse and full of energy. Marquee consists of 3 floors. From the perspective of the 2nd floor entrance, the "1st floor" is a dance floor with bars surrounding it. There's also an outdoor pool/bar area which was packed enough when the weather was still "cold." This is the main event of this club and every weekend different artists come and perform live. The only downside is that the music is house.. . Go down one flight and you're in the hip hop room. People have said it's top 40 but I've heard a lot of old school East Coast rap, too. It does get cramped down here after 1030ish but everyone dances and the energy is great. Go up to the main floor and then up again and you're in the Library, a classy lounge area with pool tables and a bar. The second time I went, we were in by 9 (yeah, we got out early) and since the reserved tables were still unoccupied, me and my friends just posted up there. Great vibe.. . As a hip hop head, it's strange that I'm giving a club that doesn't center around hip hop the highest rating, but at the end of the day, a club is more than just the music that's played inside of it. At its best, a club is the kind of place where you get lost and time just stands still. . . Can't wait for Marquee Round 4....
Arrived here dressed to impress early on a Saturday night (think 9PM) expecting to wait for at least an hour in general admission, especially with an unfavorable girl to guy ratio. Not sure what was going on, but there was hardly any line, so we were able to get in within 10 minutes - 5 of which was actually spent waiting for the elevator to the club. . . Since it was so early, the place was maybe half-full - fine for us, since it gave us room to wander about freely and explore. The interior was sleek - just like the rest of the hotel's decor. Never did make it up to the library or down to the boombox room, but the open outdoor space was plenty sufficient (with amazing views) on this balmy start-of-summer night. . . The rest of the night was a blur of dancing, Tokyo Teas and table service, so I'm not too helpful here. I do remember the table hostesses were speedy in pouring drinks for us as soon as anyone picked up a bottle (probably to use up the alcohol faster), but overall cordial & attentive service. . . Around 2AM, I'm walking around, looking for my group (very easy to get separated here), when I see one of my friends (who had a bittt too much to drink) getting wheelchaired by security to a secluded hallway. I run (possibly hobble) after them, saying "Hey! That's my friend!" and they lead us into a separate room to get basic info from her, before calling another security guy to escort us out to the casino through a back service elevator. I thought they would be total jerks about it, but they were really nice about the whole situation, with a "Don't worry, it happens" attitude. . . Overall, had a great time despite mostly only hanging out in the outdoor area. Will definitely come back, if only to explore the rest of the floors and indoor space. Four stars for the service & crowd, five stars for the surprisingly pleasant security folks.
Really sick spot.  I like how it is a dayclub as well as a nightclub.  Me and some friends went here this past weekend for my first time, because we knew some promoters and we had some free tickets so we tried our luck.  All I've been hearing lately that this is straight up the new hot spot on the vegas strip for electro and house.. . When we got into the cosmopolitan and saw the place, my first reaction was HOLY SHIT this line is redonkulous.  The line went back from as far as I could see, that I wasn't even going to attempt to walk to the back of the line and wait.  . . Because of some hookups we ended up entering the club from the 3rd floor, yes i guess they have multiple floors to enter.  We had to walk soooooo many stairs because I guess this was a back entrance for ticketholders or something.  I swear I was sweating before we actually got to the main area.  They do have an elevator to take you up btw its just at the main entrance.  On the way up I caught a glimpse of a smaller area that was hip hop only, where all the "I hate all electro" people are....wackness.. . The main area is a decent size, but has a pretty small dancefloor.  The LED thing in the back of the dj is just amazing.  I mean I wasnt on anything "special" that night but it still kind of got me stuck on staring at it a few times.  They also had glow in the dark ballerinas above the dj.  The dance floor gets kind of crowded, but to cover for their small dancefloor, they have a HUUGGGEEE outdoor area to kick it.  I feel like you would get the most out of this place by getting a table and bottle service.. . Standard vegas prices, realllllly stiff drinks so you def get your moneys worth, and decent bartender service. (fast inside slow outside). . Sick club, def going to be a place I always come back to for a while or until something better comes up.. . .  xxxx.                        .  |(o)(o)|  . (  (__)  )  .   | (  ) |        Whatever happens in vegas.....    \__/. . Jordan
bottle service rocked here! $4,500 for 6 bottles. No line, vip elevator walk thru, great service and best looking people in vegas here
Review number 100!. . This just kind of happened but I am glad this is number 100.  Marquee is my favorite club in Vegas at the moment.  The three levels with the three different scenes are awesome and accommodate most tastes (Hip Hop, Trance, and Lounge scenes).  And just to respond to all the comments about the stairs, they are not that bad.  If you want a short cut between the Hip Hop Level (5) and the Main Floor (6), go out the doors to the pool area/patio on the Main Floor, turn left and you will see a wide staircase down a nice relaxing/chill/cool down area plus easy access to the Hip Hop Level (5).. . On to the review!  I have been to Marquee 6 times this year and have always had fun (like I said, I am a Vegas addict).  The music is always good, especially with the rotating guest DJ's (KASKADE performance = EPIC).  If you are in the mood for hip hop, the Boom Box Room/Hip Hop Level (5) always has a great mix that is awesome and fun to dance to.  If you want a break from all the craziness, walk up the stair to the Library and relax, get a breather and lounge.  As a bonus, the people here are good looking and friendly.. . As a bonus, the promoters and guest list folks are pretty helpful in taking care of you for guest lists or tables.  Take advantage of this!. . Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas because Marquee will definitely be on the itinerary.  Also, if you get a chance to go to Marquee, try to make it a Kaskade weekend, you will not be disappointed.
had a great time clubbing here!
Even with the guestlist, we waited about an hour... but it was WORTH IT!  I recommend showing up at 9:30 if you're doing general or guestlist.  But at least we didn't pay cover.. . Beautiful club!  The decor is rather surreal actually.  Only made it to the main room and the outdoors balcony, did not see the Boombox room.. . Didn't drink at all the whole night but the dance floor was so good I didn't have a problem dancing the rest of the night sober.  It got crowded as hell when the star DJ came on at 1am but I was lucky enough to find a pretty tall dance partner for the rest of the night so I avoided being crushed.. . Honestly I can't get over the dance floor.  It's way better than the one at XS in my opinion.  There's just something so entertaining about those crazy chandeliers going up and down while you're dancing....  Not to mention the trippy lights and occasional bursts of foam and cold air from the ceiling... pretty awesome..... . XS is gorgeous and all but I really enjoyed my time at Marquee a lot more on this trip, even with the 10X longer wait.  Definitely worth the visit.
Came back here for MDW again.  For the first time I went to the day club for Above and Beyond.  I thought the pool was going to be rather small and didn't go there with much expectations but wow.  I had the time of my life!. . I went back to the nightclub for Amin Van Burren concert the next night... the night was unforgettable.  I love how Marquee brings in the BEST DJs.. . At Marquee, presale tickets are the way to go!  I used to LOVE XS, but Marquee is SOOOO much better.
We came here over MDW, came on Monday night when RedFoo from LMFAO spun/performed and Chuckie DJ'ed. We were on a guestlist, so we arrived at 9:30, since doors opened at 10. The line was already pretty long for both general admission and GL.. . For the GL line, once 10PM hit, the guys with the lists walked down the line, gave you the piece of paper to say how much (or not) you have to pay to get in. Behind them, there was another bouncer that was checking ID's and stamping people so when you got to the front of the line, they didn't have to do that. Unfortunately, no one communicated with each other that they were doing that...so we still had two bouncers at the front check our ID's and try to stamp our hands, only to realize that someone else had beat them to it.. . Since there were only three of us, two girls and one guy, the GL guy comped the guy...which was amazing to me. I didn't think that any guy could get into a LV club for free. I finally realized why it takes so long to get the line moving, because you have to go up elevators. Gotcha, same situation with Moon at The Palms.. . Once we got into the club, the girls had wristbands to get free drinks until 11PM. Well, we got into the club at 10:40, so we basically hit up every bar on the main level before 11PM. They make strong drinks and since there are so many bars throughout the club, none of them were super crowded early on. . . The best bar to go to is the one after the exit to the patio because it's tucked away, but it's pretty big. They had a lot of staff working, a lot of them were just standing around waiting for it to get packed.  We went downstairs to the Boombox room and upstairs to the library. Then we came back upstairs when RedFoo got on stage. . . It was insane...the sound quality in the club is amazing. The crowd was going crazy and RedFoo put on a great show. The go-go's were entertaining up above the crowd. . . I'm a club promoter, I've been to many clubs. But this by far is my favorite one I've ever been to. XS is nice, but Marquee has something for everyone in your group. And it's fun running from room to room. No wonder this is the newest hot spot in Vegas, someone is going to have to do a lot of planning to figure out how to top this nightclub.
If you love electronic music, there is no better spot in town to take it in. The world-class DJs booked here on a weekly basis are nothing short of mind-boggling, and the Funktion One sound system is an absolute monster. Add to that customized LED displays behind the DJ booth, cryo, confetti and foam and the dancefloor becomes one of the most intense spots in the world to dance your ass off.. . The moment that the headlining DJ at Marquee takes the stage every night is made to feel like an even,t, and the energy on the dancefloor is nothing short of incredible. I used to complain that nobody in Vegas danced at nightclubs. Not anymore.. . The rooftop pool deck is one of my favorite off-dancefloor haunts, the sound system is fairly impressive for an outdoor setup (but still conversation-friendly) and the bars outside tend to be quicker than in.. . The Library is a cool space as well, a genuine library setting with an intriguing collection of books, all vaguely Vegas-related, or sin-related, or somehow relevant in a six-degrees sort of way. The cocktail servers upstairs, it should be noted, dress like sexy librarians. I'm just sayin'. If that's your thing.. . The crowd is a blend of mixed motivations - househeads hypnotized by every crossfade, bottle rats who'll be carrying their shoes halfway through the night, VIPs staking out prime real estate - but one thing's for sure, this crowd comes to party.. . A few of the little touches that impress me about this place are the subversive Marquis de Sade and Oscar Wilde quotes painted on the walls and mirrors, the stiff drinks (expensive, of course, but strong all the time), and a thoughtful nod to music lovers, the fact that the main room sound system is piped into the bathrooms, hallways and anterooms so it doesn't feel like you're leaving the party every time you need to use the bathroom.. . The club stops being fun when it hits capacity though, when bouncers have to block off the dance floor. It's even less fun outside the club at capacity, so get here early or buy presale tickets. Especially for DJs like Benny Benassi, Kaskade and Steve Angello. But don't get shut out of the premier house music showcase in Las Vegas.
EDC was in the house just our luck! Love love love. . At first we were not impressed cause there are so many different floors and all the other rooms suck only the main floor is good.  But then at like 1am ish EDC came on and rocked the house and me and my girls were in a trance.  No longer did our feet hurt or were we tired from the second night of not sleep and partying.  Love LOVE love.  . . Line is LONG and crazy.  Get a name or something!  or go really really early.
Went here to see Armin Van Buuren on a sunday for MDW 2011. This place is super huge, very classy and trendy. Like XS, there is an outdoor pool area thats availble as well. The main stage has a super huge LED monitor that displays graphics during the night. Drinks are average vegas prices.
My new favorite club in Vegas!!!. . What a cluster getting into this place!!!  There are, what seems like, about 20 different lines all for different purposes.  We were lucky enough to be on the guest list and also guest of the hotel.  The guest list line was RIDICULOUS!!!  We asked one of the doormen about being guests of the hotel and a new line was created for us and others.  After waiting in that line you then move to another line and then to another line and then finally to the elevator line.  In all, I believe it only took about 30 minutes to get to the elevator which wasn't too bad.  You see, you have to take the elevator down to the club.  I have no idea how these guys keep the lines straight because it looked like a mess, but was run very efficiently.  . . The club is gorgeous, ginormous, and so much fun!!!  There are 3 levels of fun...all with a different sort of theme.  I really liked the top floor with the library set up.  We also became aware of a secret hidden door on this floor...is this where the uber secretive VIP room is???  We spent most of our night, however, on the main level outside which is just the converted MarqueeDay Club.  It is so much fun out there, plus the night was perfect when we were there...not too hot...not too windy.  This location also makes it super easy to get to the bathrooms and to the bar.. . We will definitely be returning to Marquee Night Club on our next Vegas trip!!!
KASKADE KILLS IT AGAIN!!!. . Was here 2 weeks ago for Kaskade's set once again and just like before the energy was OFF THE HOOK!  However this time around, me and my friends decide to pitch in and get a grand cabana. My host set me up prior and within 5min of arriving to marquee, down the elevators and onto my table.. . The Grand Cabanas are located on the patio on the left hand side. Its a short walk from the main room but isnt bad at all. The cabana provided air and a place to party when I wasnt on the main floor shuffling the night away.  This by far was the best night of my life and the bill speaks for itself.. . https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/249095_10150637403810241_557670240_18830054_4712010_n.jpg. . Will I do it again? HELL YES!
Showed up during Memorial Day weekend and, Saturday, it was super packed! Didn't have the best experience on saturday because it was so crowded! But, came back on Monday and had the BEST time at party rock Monday with LMFAO! Free stuff (glasses, lights, inflated zebras/guitars, foam fingers, etc) was handed out to the girls and the bottle service tables! So crackin.. . . Definitely recommend mondays!! All locals say the same thing, mondays are the day to be at marquee & it was free!
Thinking about going VIP style and getting bottle service?  Read my review.. . Originally we had planned to go to XS which we felt was a safe bet and would have been slightly cheaper but it turned out that one my friend's girlfriend was gonna be there with her gfs and that would not have made it a good time.  Why would we want to go to Vegas and hang out with someone's gf while were on a bachelor party?  So XS was out and we considered Tryst because it would have been cheaper than Marquee but we heard that Tryst were all the rejects from XS and Marquee.  Its a bachelor party so we decided we'd do things right and go to the hot spot.  Okay so on to my review. . . Wow talk about an awesome club.  Great crowd and cool layout.  I've been coming to vegas for about a decade and this club exceeded my expectations. . . If you come earlier you might be able to get a better table location.  I would recommend a table in the outdoor patio area, halfway between the bar and the dance area where there's a lot of foot traffic.  The tables on the side aren't as good because no one goes there.. . We walked into the club at around 10:30pm and it was already packed.  Get there early, even if you are getting a table.    The club opens at 9pm which may sound too early to go but you really should start heading over at the time and be outside of the club at 9:30pm.  It is that insane.. . If you're coming with a group of guys I highly recommend getting a table with bottle service because it will make your experience much better.  Prices for liquor were not cheap.  A 750ml bottle of Belvedere/Grey Goose/Patron was $495 and Red Bulls were $7/can.  Also they have a minimum bar tab that you need to meet which fluctuates depending on the how popular that night/weekend is. This can range from as low as $1500 to as high as $4000 depending on how large your group is and whether or not you have a hook-up. For the night we went, the minimum table price was at $3000 but we managed to get a table for $2000 minimum instead (this gets you about 4 bottles).  Plus tax and 20% tip. A general rule is that you can bring 3 guys in for each bottle. All in you can expect to spend between $350 to $500 per guy.  If you know the right people and are willing to give the host (not the bouncer) $300 to $500 up front everything will be a lot easier.  Is it worth it?  I'd say yes but your experience may vary.. . The VIP bottle service comes with mixers (cranberry juice, tonic water, etc) but VOSS water is $6 each.  You get introduced to a security guard who watches over your area but will also tell you to wake up your friends if they start sleeping on the couch.  WTF guys, seriously?  Why would you come to vegas, spend all this money, drink yourself out within 2 hours of entering just to sleep at the club?  Anyway.  Also, you get your own server who helps you pour drinks if you'd like.. . So after finally experiencing what it's like to roll like a VIP, I don't think I can do regular entry ($50 for guys on Saturdays) anymore.  Waiting at the bar to buy drinks and walking around aimlessly with no place to sit is just not appealing anymore. Sure you might *only* spend $150 and have a decent time ($50 entry and 4 to 5 drinks) but theres a reason why bottle service is so expensive.  You are paying for the experience and it's definitely worth it.
This place just perfects EVERYTHING, from decor, music, drinks, experience, and management....MARQUEE has it all. I was there with ARMIN, on a fully packed but beautiful night!. . The one thing that really sells me this place is often the forgotten part....management. Most places you'll wait hours in line, then get inside to realize that you are stuck in the middle of a corridor unable to move....not at Marquee. For such a huge headliner, the line was barely there, and everything was a breeze. You go up from those elevators into a sultry sexy club that fits with the entire sex appeal of the Cosmopolitan.  Then in every little nook and cranny, there may be an asshole of a security guard....but he makes the experience better by simply making sure everything is moving.....by that i mean crowd control is perfect. Never have I had such an easy time moving around a club this packed.. . ANYWAY, next to the rest of the club....the inside is gorgeous and the center dancefloor is vaulted to reveal lights that mesmerize, and leave you lost in your ecstatic bliss ;) . Then when you want to chill, just head out into the day club area to see an amazing view of Vegas paired with the hottest looking dayclub around. Its pools are picture perfect and all the cabanas have their own jacuzzis with glass sides to reveal all the hottness inside! At night its lit up with the fire of those illuminating columns that help keep you warm from the chilly night. Wanna keep the outdoors still vegas-y....they've got blackjack tables outside for you to blow more money on this lavish playground.. . This place is HUGE, with multiple levels which I unfortunately didn't explore because i was enTRANCEd by Armin! The showmanship and surrounding dancers rivaled that of massives, in the much smaller space of a club. As for the bars, well there are many of them for you to get to, so you're not waiting in line everywhere...and the bar staff are lightning fast with drinks, even if they are some of the most expensive drinks in Vegas clubs.. . In the end....ALL WORTH it. By far one of the best club experiences I have, for a large variety of realistic and party reasons! This club definitely has the money for some great headliners (ARMIN!!!!) so no matter when you go, you'll be guaranteed amazing music with a club that makes you feel a little ok with that massive hole in your pocket it makes.
We came to Marquee Dayclub on a Friday around NOON with a group of 10 girls. A promoted walked us in for free, gave up open bar tickets for 2 hours and hooked us up with a free daybed submerged in the smaller pool. The place is very trendy, clean and classy. Its a little small but the people are much better than at the other pools, we all had a BLAST!!!!. . We came back at night and it was a lot of fun again! We mostly hung out at the dayclub area and enjoyed the outside breeze and view, the inside was super packed. The music was mostly House, would have enjoyed top 40 a bit more.
Marquee! After all the promotions, ads and EDM big names coming through this place, my chance to visit has finally come during the AODInvasion. LAX was on the schedule, and I base my clubbing decisions on the type of music played, Marquee was my best option on a Saturday. Oh, and a kind of famous DJ by the name of Kaskade was here as well. . . I take the cab down here and meet up with 2/3s of Team Encore at the Chandelier Bar. I already see a line forming downstairs. Since its my first time here, I wander over and turns out they were just lining up to get to the escalator which takes you up to the actual entrance of the club. Once I get up there, I see the REAL entrance this time I texted Derrick Runtas who guided me through the maze of 6-8 lines. I saw Justen Crews, a long time JC host and he was able to get me through rope #1. There still 3-4 more ropes to go. For some reason I got distracted and was put in a line where people were lining up to pay cover. Things didn't look right, so I texted Derrick right away and he got me in the right line and the master rope was lifted finally. . . Here comes the exciting part. After you took an escalator to get up here, then you get to take an elevator that takes you to one of the top floors of Cosmo. In the elevator there is a bouncer that greets you and the music is already bumping whatever the club is playing at that moment.  Once the door opens I walked into the place and it felt like a catacomb full of tunnels and mazes. Honestly I did not even get a chance to explore this whole place because it got crowded fast in a hurry. There were literally 1000's of people outside trying to get in.  . . Someone in team Encore had to go use the restroom and I had to go get a drink. This was the last I saw of my team. As I was roaming around through the club I saw Gubuju, and he flashes me his bank roll. Literally like 5K in cash in a money clip. "Whats this for boss?" "Collections on the grand cabana, swing by and chill with us.." "OK". You don't have to ask me twice since this is my first time visiting Marquee, doing it VIP was the right way to do it.  So after 10 minutes of dodging a concert sized dance floor crowd, we finally got up to the elevated area and the cabana. . . In there I saw my girl Just_Cole, SexxiNikki. The bros Rescuediver, RickyReckon, Tao, Sweat_Shop and many others I was too drunk to remember. I gave em all fist bumps and decided it was an opportune time to do an AOD chant. Following the chant I had to chance to take some pics with the Magnums and Patron bottles with the sexy JC ladies. I also had a few minutes to look out the back window of the grand cabana, and it was an awesome view of the strip.. . As the night went on, the alcohol started to kick in and the music switched gear into harder hitting house music. I thought this was a good time to start shuffling. I got Ricky and SweatShop into it. The only down side if any is that the outer courtyard area of the cabana includes a walkway, so you constantly have to dodge waitresses, bussers, bottle whores and just randoms walking through.  As we were shuffling these two girls come up to me and tell me my moves are bad ass. "So I want to dance for you!" "Sure, lets go grab a seat at the cabana..". . So I take the girl back to the cabana much to the dismay of Gubuju and JustCole. I had her friend talk to Gubuju so he was a little happier after that.  Cole yells out "FOUR!" .. "what... whore?" Turns out she was pointing out the rating of the girl I m with. haha I had no ideas, I was crunk. The girl started to give me a lap dance. I m not sure if she was wearing any under garments because I was getting wet spots over my jeans. She was a little too drunk to stand up straight and at this point fortunately Gubuju already called the bouncers on them to escort them out. I was being a gent and I got them to the door of the club.  For some reason she expected me to go back to the hotel with her? "Umm Kaskade is playing, hello. ". . I head back to the cabana and had the best time ever shuffling with the boys. Kaskade just makes you feel the music. Marquee brings out the music like no other. If you dig EDM, mega clubs with a touch class. Marquee delivers like no other of our life time. Best in the world hands down.. . Shoutouts - Derrick Runtas / Justen Crews. Both quality hosts that can get you great service at this venue.
My first experience at Marquee was whatevers. We walked into Cosmo and saw the hideous, disgustingglyyy long line and I was ready to leave. Luckily we met a manager who was able to walk us through upstairs. I went up and down floor to floor, chilled at the outside bar area, danced on the dance flooor... I was just all over the place! But sadly Marquee only amused me for a couple of hours, then I get bored and wanted to leave by 1am. Because of this, I have not gone back for the nightclub but I plan on giving it another chance soooon.. . SO, the reason why I LOVE LOVE LOVE MARQUEE is because of my first dayclub experience. My girls and I went for memorial day weekend Sunday; our friend/promoter got us in right away and I could see how the outside COULD be HELLA fun, but omg that day was ridiculously windy. Shit was flying all over the place, girls were covered in towels, you could barely hear Afrojack over the wind. We spent the first hour deciding if we should leave or not but decided to just get a few drinks in us and see if it got better. 30 minutes later we were all buzzed, but still freezing and not having a good time.. . THAT was UNTIL someone :) and the owner of Marquee decided to open the nightclub dancefloor/table area during the DAY. It was amazing. One minute I was wrapped in a towel, shivering, sipping on Sangria and the next minute I was in my bikini, dancing my ass off, getting personally served unlimited DOM P, Goose, and Patron next to the owner of Marquee and a very very very generous man! That table was ... wow. . . It was EPIC. I remember checking the time and seeing that it was 2pm but I felt like it was 2am. I have a snapshot in my mind of all of my girls all in the nightclub in our bikinis and sandals, dancing the fucking DAY away, and having the time of our lives. Definitely on the list of my top favorite times in Vegas! Thank you MARQUEE !!!!!
Marquee is a gorgeous and one of the newest clubs in Vegas.. . We had a group of 4 girls and decided to check out Marquee after our show.  The line was quite long, but it moved relatively fast.  The host came up to us and asked how many people were in our group.  We told him there were 4 girls and he put wristbands on our wrists that gave us open bar for 1 hour and free cover.  (Usual price for cover charge is $20 for ladies and $30 for men). . Within 15 minutes, we got into the club and a bouncer took us in the elevator and brought us to the open club area with a pool.  He was funny and helped to set the mood.  The pool and bar area was gorgeous and you can see a view of the Vegas strip.  We had an amazing time and met a lot of fun and non-pretentious people.. . Marquee and XS are my favorite clubs in Vegas.  They are big, spread-out, non stuffy, had awesome music and beautiful decor.  My friends have never been clubbing in Vegas and I really wanted to show them a good time.  Marquee was fantastic and they were floored.
LOVEEEEE this club!! :D. . My friends & I came here soon after their grand opening, so it was fairly new & before everyone got on the hype. We arranged for a promoter to plan out our nights. We had to arrive the earliest (9/930pn) here to wait in line. That just meant we all had to start getting ready soon than later.. . The Cosmopolitan is already sooo pretty in itself. Add a nightclub = GORGEOUS! :) It was fairly early to get into the club, but we didn't care. As long as we didn't have to pay, we're good. Our first stop was the bathroom (haha!)..SOOO NICE!! They had an outdoor bar area, which was great for getting some air/dancing breaks (pool area wasn't open at this time of the year). There's different floors that play different music. The music was really good the night we went. Main floor played house music. Bottom play for hip-hop, but it's a much smaller room. I didn't go upstairs, so I have no clue what was playing up there. . . Check this club out! I really liked it & can't wait to come again ;)
Marquee Nightclub rocks!. Everyone is so friendly there. Tons of beautiful people. I had a blast. I went with the VIP yelp Elites. I was treated like an Elite. Free Bacardi all night made me a little silly. Music was amazing. I couldn't stop dancing. Couldn't help it.
One of the top 3 Clubs in Vegas!!. . The place is pretty nice but they have the Best DJ's From all over plus Monday nights are free for locals!!
OFF THE HOOK! well at least the night of 6/18/2011 Sat.!!! but judging from most of the yelps on here... looks like Most nights are Gewd Nights.... . - Numerous areas of Partying. - This place is like a Fun House... they just need to add a Mirror Maze or something when your tranitioning from room to room haha.. - You can get an exercise at this club. Hallways, passageways... Up then down, and up again then down again... STAIRS! . . ****Rooms/Areas***. . As soon as you arrive from the elevator ride up and walk out... you will see a Bar rite in front of you.  So grab a drink or take a shot..then head Left to the Library or Right that goes to the main dance floor or Upstairs to the Hip Hop Spot or Downstairs to... another room? haha can't remember. like i said... a fun house.. . Hip Hop upstairs (WISH IT WAS BIGGER, OR a bit LESS CRACKIN? hah)  from this room is access to the side balcony w/ view of Aria to catch a breather and air.  They also have music out there and a mini bar closer to the bottle service spots.. . Room with Pool Table and very old school style looking.. it has a clock that you will see thats similar to the clock tower in Back to the Future =P, VERY COOL AREA!  seemed like underground hip hop & a mix up... maybe it was just the dj that night. (same floor as Hip Hop joint and balcony access). . The Library: main room trance house - Biggest Room with sick lighting effects and screens galore... this room also leads out towards.... . The Outdoor pool main where theres a waterfall to the right of the main outside bar - some what mixed, but for the most part House . umm k, thats all i remember.... . For the Bottle Service Peeps - I think the best setups are at the outside main pool area on the sides, Not the center(gets way to crowded and peeps will be all around your spot).  if your near a jacuzzi or against the walls... You are good..... . GOOD TIMES! this club is now my new favorite night party spot in sin city.. . if your into nightclubs... this spot is definitely a winner in every aspect
I LOVE IT. Okay, there could be hotter men since the hot girls and dancers were definitely outshining the males, and there could be more places to sit, but the music! The ambiance! THE HOT DANCERS AND BARTENDERS. This place is AMAZING and I love the fact that they have House music--Cosmic Gate woooo! I had a blast and everything was just wonderful! Glitz and glamour were all there, and the entrance was an elevator with this awesome employee who was hyping everyone up! Definitely coming again!!
My first time here was on a Party Rock Monday with LMFAO performing & I only had to stand in line for about 10 minutes with my group of girls since we had a table & bottle service by the pool. Check in is around 10:30 & the club isn't so crowded until around midnight when LMFAO performs. If you arrive or leave anytime past midnight, it gets CROWDED on the main dance floor but the other levels aren't so busy. The bar is constanly busy throughout the night as the same with most nightclub bars & it costs around $15 for a drink. It's a workout going up & down the stairs to those levels also but this club is huge & it's no wonder it's one of the most hottest nightclubs in Vegas.
As I mentioned in my review for the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, this pool is "Off the fucking hook"!  . . Total party pool so don't bring a book and expect to relax.  Wanna relax?  Go with the other lame-o's to the Boulevard or Bamboo pools.. . The drinks and food are expensive, but what else would you expect at a Vegas pool?  I had the Lobster Club sandwich with fries.  Quite possibly the best club sandwich I ever had.  Hey, you replace the turkey and ham with lobster and some spicy sauce and how could it not be the best?. . PS- The Boulevard and Bamboo pools are actually very cool and not full of "lame-o's", just a different, more chill scene than the Marquee.
We went here last Saturday for the 1st time and this wont be the last. We arrived to the 2nd floor entrance at about 0030. And boy, it was crowded. The line was long and there was a bunch of people just standing around either waiting for others or just roaming around. We bought tickets ahead of time and we were getting frustrated just looking at the crowds of people. We asked one of the bouncers and he said we can just straight to the 4th floor entrance. Sure, lets see where this brings us. We showed our tickets and went straight up the escalator to the beautiful pool area. We could hear the music and were getting excited. The pool area was relaxing. There were a bunch of empty lounge chairs. We got close to the music and entered the hiphop room. omg!! This place was crowded. We couldn't even move. We went straight to the bar. For about 6 drinks, I paid $72. We had to get out because of the crowd and ended up in house or techno room. This was less crowded but this wasn't our type of music. We went back to the hiphop room and pushed our way to the dance floor. We just wriggled on the dance floor. lol . We ended up at the cabanas area. Yes, still crowded but not that bad. At least, we had a place to sit. . Yes, even though it was crowded, I will come back. If you are tired the hiphop room, go to the hiphop. If you are hot, go outside and stay with the crowd and just dance. or walk around some more and find the less crowded pool area.
Review is for bottle service @ Marquee Nightclub.. Spent a weekend in Vegas and our group made it a point to go to Marquee on Saturday night before we left.  We went at night and ended up going all out anddoing bottle service.  Bottle service at this night club made XS look like garbage to say the least.  They even had Russian Jewel available which made Grey Goose taste like Smirnoff and my understanding was, at least in California, that it is no longer imported so that's a big plus.  The hostesses there are all gorgeous and friendly as well.  Our hostess was Natalie and she was amazing.  Always attentive to our needs and was there to sit down and chat with us and make sure our group had the best time possible.  Usually I had the idea that everyone working in Vegas would do anything to make a buck but here it really isn't true, at least not with Natalie.  What happened was I ended up drinking a bit more than i should have and opted to get another bottle for the table.  When the check came for it I hadn't realized that tip was already added so I added it myself.  The hostess however didn't even try to take advantage and made it a point to let me know that I didn't need to tip extra but in the end I did so anyway because the service was great, she earned, and I really appreciated it a lot.  Heck even if I wasn't trashed I would have thrown in that extra tip.  . Moral of the story.. Marquee is where you want to go when you hit Vegas and if you opt for bottle service definitely request Natalie, I guarantee you the best experience possible!
Came on a Saturday and Monday night, both nights did not disappoint. Very upscale with a few different areas to hang out. Main indoor "red room" dance floor can get pretty crowded. Outdoor area is great to hang back and mingle/dance. If you want something low key, you can head up to the "library" lounge or play pool. You can also head down to the R&B lounge area. There are stairs, which may be a killer for you ladies in heels and an elevator for easy access. My group got in for free, but I would definitely pay to get in any night! A must visit if you're looking to check out some new nightlife in Vegas.
in case you were born in the 40's and didn't know, Marquee is the newest, baddest, thickest girl in town!. . this review is purely for Marquee Dayclub as I haven't heard too great of things about the Nightclub. situated within city center's COSMOPOLITAN, Marquee is one of the newest additions to the las vegas party scene.. . COVER:. I had received a VIP admission ticket so I paid NADA! but others had met up with promoters to receive reduced admission tickets which made it $25? the line moved fairly quickly and we decided to pair up and make it 1:1 since we were next to some hotties and wanted to play it safe (while in line, the bouncer didn't let anyone wear wifebeaters in the lobby area.. ridiculous, i had a sunscreen, a wifebeater, and board shorts on because its a POOL PARTY? WTF!). . CROWD:. hands down some of the finest women I have ever laid eyes on in the city of SIN! though inside it didn't look 1:1, maybe. . DRINKS:. I have no idea how they did it but home girls of mine kept going to the bathroom and returning with COMPLIMENTARY DRINK TICKETS ..pairs at a time and good for shots of patron, top shelf mixed drinks, and any other concoction my inflamed liver was craving that day...  a handful of STRONG ASS DRINKS later, I was slizzard and ready to let avicii do work on my ears!. . MUSIC:. AVICII was spinning that day and he doesn't fool around. in case you didn't know, pretty much all clubs in LAS VEGAS spin HOUSE so get used to getting messed up and dancing like a goon!. . AMBIANCE:. the club was packed silly.. plenty of cabanas, beach chairs, inside cooling areas, and a ton of pool space though.. I like the layout and didn't drop a dime so i'll definitely be back to REPEAT!. . overall you really can't go wrong anywhere inside city center. marquee, the mandarin, aria, cosmopolitan, etc.. its all brand spanking new and cracken 24/7!. . whatever's clever my friend, . dear marquee, you will definitely be seeing me VERY SOOOON my good friend
Okay, guestline/regular line is a pain. There's people in line even at 3:00 am. This place is the hottest club. Three floor, hip hop room, lounge w/ pool table, and main dance floor that's connected to the outside pool area. The crowd used to be full of prettier people when it first open, now it's a mixed. For girls, there are ways to get in for free. Do know that if you get there at 10 pm, you can expect to be in line for 2 hr and 1+ hr waiting in front because the way they make money is making you either pay extra to get in since you're at the front or leave. You'll still have an awesome time at this place. . Daypool - It is fun. They've got the music and again, being a girl is awesome. Good looking crowd. Pretty happening place.
This is probably THE biggest and "you NEED to come here" club in Vegas as of June 2011.  They usually host a lot of the world's best DJ's - Kaskade, ATB, Laidback Luke, Armin van Buuren, etc.  We saw ATB here and it was TOTALLY worth the $50/girl and $100/guy admission :)  I'm kind of sad I didn't see Laidback Luke that same night.. ATB started at 1:30 and he was still going at 4am!  I was getting way too tired.. I know... weak sauce!!  :(  . . FYI, ****THIS IS PRIMARILY A HOUSE/ELECTRO CLUB*****. . They have a hip hop floor too, but that's old news.  Electro is the future!  . . Three floors of awesome music and beautiful decor.  I'm definitely a fan!  The floors are big but small enough that you can get up close and personal with the DJs.  I was right in the front when ATB played and I yelled out "MIAMI ULTRA!!!!!!!!!" and he pointed at me and said "YEAH!!!!! ULTRA!!!!!!"  Yes, that made me VERY happy :) . . However, I must comment, the stairs are a HUGE flub!  You have to climb 1000000000+ (ok I'm exaggerating.. but it's a LOT) steps to get to the club.. and for all the ladies out there, you know how much your feet hurt after a long night of dancing.   . . Also, come early!  Admission is usually expensive anyway, so just avoid the long lines (I've heard some people waited for 2+ hrs).  I think they're opened until the wee hours of the morning.. so you can still get in at 2 or 3am.
Um, this place is simply breathtaking, and enormous. There's nothing like this on the east coast, not even close. As one friend put it, when you're out on the terrace under the breezy canopies and lounge areas, you'll feel like you're in St. Tropez, not Vegas. The view from this place is also unbelievable.. . I think my girls and I came here on the most perfect day (weather wise). The breeze was so incredibly dreamy and calming. Our group was asked to come inside and sit at one of the tables, and everything was comped - including all drinks. Staff will single you out for sure, so come dressed to impress. Don't you just love that about Vegas? ;D. . Although we came during Memorial Day weekend, we had no problems getting in due to the fact that we had pre-sale tickets, and also because we went early (REALLY early). This place gets insane later in the night, so definitely come early - especially if you're rocking those 5 inch heels. You're feet will thank you later on, speaking of which - they sell flip flops in the bathroom which we all got, and they ended up completely saving us later in the night when our feet were dying. I don't even recall how much I paid for those cheap flippes, but it was the best money spent all weekend!. . If you're in Vegas, Marquee is a must...before it goes out of style that is. ;)
Stopped in at Marquee each time I've been in Vegas now. Located on the 2nd floor of the glitzy Cosmopolitan, through the center of the crystal chandelier, this club is just beautiful and classy!. . There is always a long line for Marquee (even on a Monday night!), so lucky for us there were early-purchase tickets online ($10 for girls, $20 for guys) that helped us skip the line. Look around and work your magic to get into Marquee.. . Three dance floors! Main Room playing electric/house, Library upstairs playing old school hip-hip/R&B, and the "Boom Box" across the way from the bar. Marquee is nice and roomy, bouncers make sure to never let any floor get too crowded... so that you and everyone else can actually enjoy themselves and dance! If things do get too hot, there's also a great patio outside with plenty of seating, an additional bar, more bathrooms, and a great view of the strip. Drinks are about $13-$14, average for Vegas... but the bartenders are super nice and attentive! Bathroom is clean and stocked with tons of goodies! Security, management, and escorts are very nice and respectful. Unlike a few other older clubs, Marquee definitely knows whats up!
Went to the daytime pool party on Saturday and got a cabana. Ended up going that night to the club. I didn't even know there was a lower pool until walking by it at night. Lol. Spent a lot but had a great time.
Love the Marquee!!!! Not only is it the nicest night club i've been to but It is so spacious and all the staff there were so courteous and helpful. (believe me, It means allot when your in 3 inch heels trying togo down two or three flights of stairs) Party Rok Mondays are the best!!!!
Okay, I got drunk really early and don't remember most of it but this is from my friends experience. LOL.. . They play really good music. The place gets packed and hot inside. They said it was actually less hot being outside! The drinks are expensive but that's like every club in Vegas. Compared to other clubs in Vegas, they would say this is in the top 3. Too bad you can't go into the pool here like XS. . If you have a room key, you can get in for free up to 2 people. So when you are at the front desk, ask for extras. LOL! Also, you get to skip the line if you have a room key.. . Note: when leaving the club you will have to walk down a LONG flight of stairs to leave...
What can I say about Marquee? I had some doubts about my Vegas club experiences (limited to 4 others) but this one proved me wrong. An amazing friend got us on the guest list with free passes and drink wristbands for a couple hours. Like most of the hot clubs it's better to get to Marquee early. . . I will say that as a couple of white girls we were definitely the minority. But that made no difference, One floor was old school rap/hip hop (my favorite), another floor was packed with house music connecting with the pool deck, and the last floor (the library) is a great place to grab a drink, chill and play pool. We didn't stay that long since we were meeting up with people. But then later I went back, skipped the lines (don't know how much that cost) and danced the night away with my date until 4 a.m. Almost missed my flight but it would have been worth it.. . . Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
A highly impressive world-class nightclub that opens up to an outdoor poolside of luxury cabanas and lounge areas, located in the Cosmo Hotel, Vegas. "The party," the ambience, the music, the service ... the full experience is designed to perfection. For those that appreciate a good nightlife scene or have experienced some of the best in the world, Marquee is a MUST-EXPERIENCE.. . For July Long, we went 3 times in two days: the beach party with Fat Boy Slim, a private party and the July 4th celebration.  Every experience felt so surreal - like you're in one of those music videos with rappers and beautiful people drinking Patron and Crystale and endless bottles being poured. Lol, a true Vegas experience!. . It's easily one of the most stunning, opulent, well-serviced and vibrant clubs I've ever experienced. Definitely makes my Top Favourite List - Up there with XS @ Wynn in Vegas, LIV @ Fountain Bleu in Miami, Amnesia in Ibiza, Opium in Barce. . . Coodles to the architects/designers and masterminds behind Marquee for their brilliant nightclub layout and ergonomic design that allows for such a dramatic transformation from dayclub to night; as well, the staff training (every staff person was ridiculously attentive and ON at all times) and operations management. I'm still in awe how brilliantly crafted all my experiences were - will make an effort to go, every Vegas trip here on out!. . - $$$, yes it is, but it's completely worth it!. - Pretentious? Oh you bet! But I figure it's best to embrace it when in Vegas. Money talks, obs.. - Table service starts at $3000 in the day (for July Long). At night, there is no seating available if you don't have a table. Book ahead!. - Drinks start at $14
Been here three times already and this shit cracked crazy every time!!!!
This follow up is strictly for the Dayclub-. We scheduled to visit Marquee Dayclub midtrip during our EDC invasion. The night before we had a cabana at Surrender, and brought a bunch of girls back to have a suite pillow fight party which lasted until the sun came up. Needless to say I slept in a bit.  I had a cabana here, but since we couldn't get there till 1'ish we got the next best thing which was a daybed next to the stage. I must say, it all turned out for the better! . . We get to the Cosmo at about 12:30'ish, park and get ourselves up to the dayclub line. I walk up and let them know I have reservations through Robert Montero. Quickly they found me and were ready to let us in. One of the other bouncers walks up to us and tell us that the dayclub dress code is fairly strict and wife beaters are not allowed. 2 people from our crew were rocking the wifebeaters, so we asked.. "Can we just go in shirtless then?" He was OK with that. So we took off our wifebeaters infront of the huge line and my buddy was like, "The girls need a little something to look at after waiting all this time.. " lmfao. . . We take the elevator up to the dayclub, and line up at the check in line. I don't see Robert around since he is busy seating someone, but I do see Derrick who was at the podium. He recognized me and had someone walk me to the supreme location daybed. Before I left, I slipped him a good little friendly gesture into the palm of his hand since he has always taken care of me at the nightclub end. . . As we are walking through the pool, the house music is banging. Its the right kind of house music too. They didn't play your generic standard stuff. They were getting into some great electro mixes. Mr. Becks was the DJ that day and there were quite a few EDC people in town. He did his job as far as catering to them. Before I even got a chance to get seated, Alina (a girl I met at Tao Beach the day before) comes running up to me. Apparently they didnt have a place to put their stuff, so I hooked it up with the real estate. The perk with Alina is apparently she knows all of Canadia. She brought her entourage of like 8 other Canadian girls as well. Yeay.. 4 guys, 9 girls. We are in business. . . I quickly ordered a pitcher and we got settled in. As the alcohol hit us, the music was just too good to not shuffle to. Me and Mike B break into a shuffle while Sebastian goes out and recruits even more talent. The waitress was super friendly. Her name is Tracy Morrow and kindly asked that I send some ppl her way for guestlist. Look her up on FB, shes smoking. As the day went a long, we were taking pics and getting sloppy. Girls getting nip slips and hands were going on each others asses. Just the exact party we were looking for. . . Things I should point out about Marquee is that the venue is new and modern. The view out of the cabana overlooks the center strip couldn't be any better. Also there are no other clubs/dayclubs out there that specifically have props, staff and regular DJ talent that is catered to house music. Thats why this place just became one of my favorite dayclubs that I will have to include on my schedule for years to come. I will upload pics as supporting evidence as well. Also here is a link that will give you a good feel of the vibe with Avicii there: (http://www.be-at.tv/brands/marquee/avicii-and-dirty-south/avicii.go?0). . Shoutouts: Robert Montero, home grown JackColton.com host. Go to him if you need anything for the dayclub. Derrick Runtas clutch as always at the lines.
Nightclub review only.. . Where do I begin??!!?!. . The Good:. -The club is flipping amazing.  There are three levels, each with their own vibe.  My absolute favorite was the main floor, with the electro/trance music bumpin' all night long.  Love it.. -Beautiful venue.. -Sexy, classy clientele dressed to the nines.. -AWESOME vibe. -World-renowned resident DJs who know how to work the crowd.  Love it.. -The venue is ginormous.  It is an adventure navigating through this joint.  Fun times. . . The So-So:. -Drinks are expensive, as usual.. -The dance floors will be packed.  Period. . -$7 bottled water.  No bueno. . . The Bad:. -Never-ending stairs.  I have seen inebriated girls stumble down them.  So take note of this: wear flats. . . I would definitely come back again.  I had a GREAT time, despite the fact that I was completely SOBER the entire night, that showed how well the DJ got me all worked up. I applaud you.
NIGHTCLUB: Marquee is a very unique club, like none other.  Everything about it is wonderous.  Large club leading outside to the pool with a huge bar and the BJ tables.  I dig the tall LED display screens the most. I think the visuals are sick as the DJ spins his deck on a rised stage. The main dance floor reaches capacity so there is crowd control by security.  I received free drinks comp`d for ladies, free from glist. This is nice!! Free certain drinks until 11pm. I pounded it for 30 mins off redbull & kettel. That lasted me the entire night/morning 5am =). . The only odd layout of this club is the entrance.  There are several entrances.  The back entrance is VIP/GL? and leads to staircases. It's just really tacky.  Other than that, the club is superb.  I forgot to mention there are different floors of music. I no longer care to dance to hip-hop.  EDM is taking over so they reserve the main room for it =) You ALL MUST party here
My friend is a promoter here, so my friends and I usually hit up Marquee. It's a really great venue too -- 2 floors (theroom downstairs is pretty small though) and outdoor area with pool. Girls are free on guestlist and guys on guestlist is $25 or $45 if there's an event/famous DJ spinning. The only thing is, you need 1:1 ratio; if you don't, good luck getting in. Get there by 9:30PM to avoid the long lines too!. . Definitely check out the day club! With the Vegas heat in the summer, the pools are sure to cool things down. Grab a few drinks and food at the bar, lounge in the cabanas next to or in the pool, dance, just watch out for flying beach balls! Party all day every day in Vegas baby! I like that they have 2 pools too. The big one is in the sun and is usually pretty full, the second one has a waterfall thing and it's in the shade; it also has cabanas/seats in the pool! Tip: stake out a spot, lay some towels out and make sure someone is watching your belongings at all times! A friend's friend had her flip flops taken...not fun.. . I arrived late at Dayclub one afternoon because I was taking care of a friend the night before. Guestlist closed by 1:30pm and it was already 3pm. I was by myself since my friends were already inside...I was waiting in line when I heard the group behind me flag over a Marquee employee. They had 4 girls and 2 guys; each guy paid $50 for the group to cut the line and get in because they were already over capacity. After he got them in, I flagged him down and told him I was by myself and he let me in =)
Two words: fucking amazing.  (okay more than two words) Beautiful, young, hip, modern, chic!  Crackin with beautiful people. By far my new favorite Las Vegas hot spot.
Umm...I don't really remember the night so that can only mean I had a really good time. And I appear to be enjoying myself in the photos, so one can only assume!. . Although I do recall excessive flights of stairs...
Went here during EDC weekend on Friday night and for Chuckie's birthday event with a group of five guys.  We all knew going in that we were going to/had to get a table and our friend/promotor told us that we would need to arrive early to get a good table.  Unfortunately, one of my boys and I blacked out from the day party at Encore.  So instead of arriving around 900PM, we get there around 1100PM with little hopes of getting a table at that point.  The line was crazy long but fortunately, my friend does work and manages to score us a table.  We were told it was going to be a small table inside, but instead we got a pretty legit outdoor table/daybed that was situated in the middle of the outdoor area.. . As other reviewers have stated, there's tons of stairs.  As an athletic male, I wouldn't normally be complaining but I just had my cast removed from Achilles surgery a week  before and I wasn't about trekking all those stairs.  I sat my ass down as soon as we got to the table.  We get the bottles and mixers situated and within seconds, the ladies, heaux, drink vultures made their rounds.  I was still feeling it from earlier but the drinks kept flowing, the music was right so it kept me going.. . From the little I remember, there was a good mix in the crowd but still tons of asians and whites.  It was pretty much NorCal and SoCal as every group of girls we meet that night seemed to be either from the bay or the OC/LA area.  Not complaining, just saying.  It was a packed crowd but everyone was cool, - no drama and everyone had good vibes and a good time.. . The only negative of the night was when my boy was signing the tab for the table.  Our hostess kept saying that his signature needed to match his ID, WTF.  Keep in mind that we ordered a few magnums and had been raging hard in the daytime so he was obviously not all there.  It was an epic signature fail.  After over ten signature tries, I think the hostess was finally fed up and said eff it, close enough.. . Will definitely return to the nightclub and check out the day club when I return in the near future.
Marquee is the best club I've ever been too - hands down. And I've been to a LOT of clubs in Las Vegas, LA, SF, NYC, etc.. . I'm not sure what the complaints are about the stairs since my girls and I didn't walk up/down more than 2 steps inside the club. There are elevators that take you up and down to the club. . . Anyway, right when we walked in, we were all amazed. It was absolutely gorgeous inside with a spacious dance floor, plenty of bars and various other rooms. The outside pool area was amazing as well with great views of the surrounding hotels (Planet Hollywood) since Marquee is elevated. I was so excited when the DJ was spinning hip hop since XSplayed ALL techno the nite before. . . DJ Vice spun in the main room (he mixed hip hop with techno) inside and he was off the hook. He got everyone so amped up and rocked the place. Everyone was dancing their asses off and there was the energy in the room was insane! They also had a guy dressed as Jack (Jack-in-the-Box) and he was handing out large styrofoam "glow sticks" to people. There was also a guy throwing out dollar bills and was "making it rain. My girls collected almost $40 worth of dollar bills (cab fare!). . We had a really, really great time there and I definitely want to go back the next time we visit. It definitely lives up to its hype as being the hottest club in Vegas (sorry XS). I'm sure Marquee is really hard to get into but when you got the hookups like we did, life is much, much easier :)
I went to both the dayclub & nightclub and loved both of them! Will definitely visit them again when I'm back in Vegas.
Strolled in here this past Friday night 7/22/11 after Dinner at Scarpetta in the Cosmo..was able thru twitter to get on a dj guest list and bypass all the waiting around.. . This is where its interesting they have 5 or 6 roped off areas to get in. One for folks who just walk-up, one for guest list, and the others I assume are for super-Vip and/or bottle service. All these lines funnel into the smallest foyer ever that leads to the cashier and then the elevators up to the club.. . Getting in was easy breezy, I strolled up gave the djs name and was given a ticket to get inside the ropes and up to the bouncer. Now I gotta say all the talk about guy to girl ratio, groups of guys have no chance well not what I witnessed..We waited maybe 5 minutes to get in and in that time I saw the bouncer let maybe 20-30 guys all  dressed very casually in, as a group of 12 good looking girls waited; one of the girls kept calling the bouncer out (not a good idea, but she eventually got it in).. . Once inside...OH MY...this has got to be the best club in LV right now..huge overcrowded dance floor, but being summer the pool area was opened this was packed as well..good crowd having a good time..they have bj tables in the pool area and getting a drink was pretty easy...we were able to sit on the back rests of some bottle service areas in the pool and people were really cool about it..I think its all in the approach... . We then walked around to the other rooms and to thank the dj (Djtinat) for hooking us up.. . The smaller rooms are nice and a great spot to grab a drink..my friends hit the hip hop room and ran into several Boston Celtics players..good for them..We had an amazing time time... . I do LV on the regular and I will no doubtedly be back..
Ain't no party like a Vegas party!. . Marquee happens to be the "it" spot right now for Vegas and I can't disagree.  This place is just amazing.  From the entrance to the exit, its insane with a touch of class.. . Getting into the club, there's separate lines for guys and girls.  As always, entrance is pretty much at the discretion of the bouncer/promoter.  If you don't have bottle service or know someone...expect to get in line early but even then there's no guarantee that you'll getin.  There were 8 of us (all guys)...so the obvious choice is to get bottle service.  $2k minimum for a cabana with 8 guys is a pretty reasonable price.  . . Looking back, definitely a good choice going with a cabana instead of the main room.  Nice spacious area outside right next to the pool and you can actually hold a conversation with people instead of the inside area where its loud as hell that you couldn't even hear a nuclear bomb going off if you tried.  Our server and hostess were on point, everything was restocked when it needed to be and they were checking up with us constantly.  Awesome service!  Could not have asked for better.. . As for the club itself, the main room is pretty crazy.  You'll have to pretty much force yourself through people to take a few steps but that's to be expected in a Vegas club.  With all those people, you'd think that it'd be scorching hot inside the club but that wasn't the case at all with Marquee.  They have A/C and they know how to use it.  It actually felt cooler inside the club than it did outside.  How many times does that happen inside a club?  Uhh....never!  There's also a hip hop room downstairs which isn't too bad.  Obviously not as big as the main room but plenty of space to shake yo' tailfeather.. . Overall, this is a great club.  Bottle service is definitely the way to go if you can afford it, otherwise you're looking to get in line pretty damn early.  If clubbing is on your agenda for Vegas, then Marquee is a must!
This review is for the Night club for the event featuring ATB.. . Great, great music in an amazing place.  The lights were crazy, the go-go dancers were crazy, the crowd was hot.  I recommend definitely getting into line EARLY, as it gets quite long...there is a line for all girls on the third floor that is faster, but if your party consists of girls and guys, then you will be forced to go into the general admission line which is a freakin' zoo.  At this point, you should either go early or bribe the bouncer to cut in line :)
This is the best nightclub I have ever been too, especially in Vegas.  The entire vibe of the place is great and everyone was there to have a good time and party in true Las Vegas fashion.  We went during "Party Rock Mondays" in July and was worried because of all the hype surrounding the place, and it def. lived up to the hype.  Never at a nightclub have I received such amazing customer service from everyone working there between the bartenders, waitress', bussers, hosts, etc.  Did not experience any pretentios attitude.  We went in through general admission because we were staying at the cosmo and got in for free.  After walking around the place, which is huge and sort of like a maze (which I saw as a positive and a cool way to go around and see what the club has to offer).  We were out in the dayclub  area and noticed a few empty tables so our group decided to talk to a host and ended up getting set up with a table for the night and had an amazing time.  We had a table outside for NIght Swim at XS the night before and the whole vibe, set up, seating was SO much better at Marquee.  It was also sufficiently cheaper which I was surprised by.  The DJ's in all rooms had the crowd going.  In my opinion, right now Marquee is the club to beat in Las Vegas.
The sickest club hands down.  After Vegas, DC clubs are a joke.  This place was huge, had plenty of dance room, but the best part is the table service outside.  We had a table right by the pool, where mermaids were swimming and posing for pictures.  The corner had a few table games, where all the dealers were hot girls wearing skimpy tops and bottoms.  I must have hit 5 yo's in a row that night.  . . Our host told us that whenever we wanted, we could just give him the sign and he'll bring girls to our table.  If we didn't like them, we'd give him another signal and he'd get rid of them.. . Yes, it was really expensive but everything in Vegas is.  We spent over $2k on a 1.75L and a 750ML bottle of Goose.  I say, if you got the money, do it big.  I'll be coming back again for sure.
Wow, really cool, especially for the Monday night I was there.. . Beautiful people everywhere and the music was great.  The whole Cosmopolitan is like a work of art, so posh.. . Will definitely be back.
Wow! This might be my permanent spot for Friday nights!. . Was here for memorial and 4th of july weekend. Loved the multiple rooms. I spent most of the time in the hip hop room but also spent some time in the main room. Enjoyed both but I gotta give it to the DJ's in the hip hop room. Their selection is probably the best in vegas, None of that only hip hop tracks you hear on the radio stuff, but hot tracks you'd normally only hear on satellite radio, mixtapes, or cd's.  The hip hop room dosent get jumping until around midnight though.. . The main room is incredible with the DJ perched high up top and a pretty kickass light show. . . I like that you have access to the outside pool area which is their dayclub in the afternoons. It has fantastic views of the strip and hotels. A must see! Great place to go if you need a breather, cigarette, etc.. . If you're a guy and have no bottle service buying an online presale ticket is a must. The lines for general admission looked ridiculously long the 2 times I went. I kinda felt sorry for em. Oh well, I love using their presale tickets. They make you feel like a VIP for the price of regular admission. No lines, you got right up the escalators, thru the dayclub, and you're in. From the time I checked in to get my presale ticket to the time i got inside the club doors was 10 minutes if that, I kid you not. Keep in mind these were Friday nights on major holidays weekends after 11pm.. . All in all a great club. Everyone needs to experience this!
I love it, I love it, I love it SO much!. . DAYCLUB: Went on a Saturday with guest DJ Roger Sanchez. We arrived around 2PM and had no problems getting through the doors. The bouncers were a bit on the mean side, but they were just doing their jobs. Someone's gotta hustle around here! Upon entering, the club was definitely crazy. It was difficult to get a seat, so I suggest that you group together your friends and spring for a cabana or table! This pool was SO much cleaner than TAO Beach's pool. THANK YOU for cleanliness! The crowd was a good mix, but I definitely saw a lot of younger people here.. . NIGHTCLUB: Came back the same day for the night club :) Definitely different atmosphere. To this day, it's the most luxurious club I've been to. We came pretty early and walked into the club around 9PM because a big DJ was there that night. They definitely brought the party because it was SO packed later. Make sure you make your way to the Hip Hop lounge, the Library, and the Boom Boom room! This club is HUGE, so explore away :)
Superb Vegas Nightclub with the best Dj lineups week to week. . . From Kaskade, Chuckie, ATB, Erick Morillo, Avicii, Armin Van Buuren, Benny Benassi, Roger Sanchez, Fatboy Slim, Axwell, EC Twins, etc.. . 3 dance floors and spacious outdoor area with cabanas, pool, spas. Main floor has a great layout with state of the art lighting and Funktion One Sound System. The attribute is the 50+ foot LED wall behind the DJ booth. . . You can get away from a long line by purchasing presale tickets to all their events on their website. Women $20 and Men $30 on a regular weekend. . . Only downside is the staircase from floor to floor. Overall a great nightclub inside the Cosmopolitan.
Finally got to check out Marquee this past weekend.  We rolled up to the nightclub with about 19 girls.  Since it was for a bachelorette, we decided to get a table.  They brought us outside by the pool which I was a bit disappointed, at first, because I was hoping we would sit inside.  But we all had a blast.  Drank the night away and eventually made it onto the dance floor where the performances and the dj was freaking awesome.  I think this club plays the BEST music in vegas.  We just went nuts and they even dropped snow.  Such an awesome surprise.  I can't wait to go back and party here.
hands down, THE best club that i've been to in vegas! my boyfriend and i were able to get on the guestlist for monday night and luckily it was free for the both of us! i totally thought that my boyfriend would have to pay but nope! so that was cool.  i see that a lot of people (especially girls) are complaining about the many flights of stairs but i didn't have to take a step on any stairs! we entered the club from the 2nd floor and from there they took us in an elevator to enter the club and then when we left, we went on the elevator to exit.  i was very impressed with the decor and the outdoor lounge.  i was mainly outside because the inside was INSANE! the dance floor was jammed packed!  so i can't imagine how much more crowded it is on a friday or saturday night.
I do NOT recommend the nightclub here.. the bouncers are all jerks and will turn you away at the door if you look buzzed or a bit woozy. So... my girls and I went and one of my friends had something to drink and she was a bit buzzed and we were totally turned away at the door.. . . We climbed like 10 flights of stairs just to get there and were treated like absolute shit..Luckily we met a promoter earlier that night who had VIP tickets to Bellagio's THE BANK nightclub. It was sooo much fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I totally recommend going to the BANK... just look out of the hotel to find promoters and you'll surely get in for free and have a blast!!!. . when you're in vegas, have a great time with making connections and just being yourself.you are not judged there!. . wooO!
I was at Marquee two different times for a Bachelorette Weekend, at the nightclub & dayclub.  From all the times I have been out in Vegas, this was THE BEST experience ever.  The club itself was a great set-up of indoor/outdoor dancing & lounging areas.  The music was great, with multiple rooms of different music like hip hop and house.  The staff was outstanding!. . My favorite part was the dayclub pool party.  It was like an adult's playground, filled with beach balls, costumed characters, and OTTER POPS! That's right... the girls were handing out otter pops to everyone as a random treat.  There was a wide assortment of people in attendance, everyone was having a blast and NO DRUNKEN FIGHTS. This was completely different from my experience at Rehab (Hard Rock), where people are completely wasted, fights break out often and the water is just nasty.. . We had a cabana that came with a private pool.  Our cabana girl was awesome and the management staff made sure that we had a great time.  The food was delicious and the drink selections were great.  You can get a pitcher of most of their drinks and get more for your money.  I would highly recommend the strawberry mojito, which was perfect for a warm summer day.  . . This place definitely made our weekend great and memorable.  I would highly recommend coming here on your next trip to Vegas.
I was here for a bachelorette party over the weekend and we had a very memorable night... to say the least LOL First of all, get on a list because if you don't, the line will be really long and the lines were really confusing. I dig the outdoor area because you can actually breath but the house/Jersey Shore-ish music wasn't my scene. The main room was crowded as hell. We made our "hand holding train" and walked through the crowd and that was pretty much all we did there. We went to the small "hip hop" room and chilled there most of the time because, in my opinion at least, the music they played was really good. From what I remember, I loved everything they played pretty much LOL All in all, the club itself was nice(although, I do like the decor at XS more) but the crowd was ill and just more fun than any other club... so that's huge points. . ... My only gripe would have to be about those damn stairs.
Their lobster club just might be the greatest sandwich I've ever had. Seriously.  Every time I stay at Cosmopolitan I will be sure to stop by the Marquee Day Club for this sandwich.  The price is $22, but it is totally worth it and easy to split, so for $11 per person I see it as a good deal.  The sandwich comes with lobster, bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, spicy mayo and comes with excellent seasoned fries.  . . The bartenders also make excellent mojitos and painkillers (pina colada)!  Be ready to spend your money if you are looking to drink and eat though.  Specialty drinks are $12-$14.  You're on vacation, why not?. . Finish your meal, grab your drink and enjoy a party at the pool!  Get there early.  Hotel guests get in free before 2pm.  Grab a towel and put it somewhere on the side of the pool if you aren't planning to spend a small fortune for lounge chairs.
My favorite club in vegas. I've been here several times for the dayclub & nightclub, and had a blast every time. Love it so much that my friends and I would go to the day club during the day, rest up, and come back for the night club.. . Mainly because, the music is great. I love house music, and Marquee caters to that crowd. DJs I've seen here include Avicii, ATB, Cosmic gate .. pretty lights, great vibes, and the crowd here is energetic and awesome. The big DJs usually don't come on until 1:30am, but they spin till around 4-5 which is awesome.. partying till the sunrise!. . Table service at the day club is pretty sweet too. Once my friends and I were invited to one of the cabanas, which includes a private pool, delicious champagne and yummy thin crust pizza :)
That night was a blur, but thank god we found a good corner for my friends to be wallflowers :)
Nightclub:. . WOW WOW WOW. I have frequented some of the hottest clubs in the world and I can definitely say that Marquee is right up there amongst the others.. . I have been to a lot of the groups other hotspots Tao Las Vegas, Marquee in NYC, Lavo in NYC, and Avenue in NYC...Marquee was the topping on the cake.. . My boyfriend and I went to Vegas and got engaged on the trip. We decided to celebrate as we were staying at the Cosmopolitan. We got a table in the main room and just the two of us paid a little more than $4,000. We have been to Liv in Miami several times and paid about the same amount (with more people) and there is NO comparison!!!!. . Some clubs make you spend an exuberant amount of money and then treat you like shit. Not Marquee. The service was impeccable. I hate being pushed around in Vegas clubs like some form of cattle but there was a security guard in our section at ALL TIMES who made sure that no one was touching our table/that we were comfortable in-between two other rowdy tables. When I had to go to the restroom, the security guard walked me to a private bathroom and I did not have to wait at all. I was really surprised.. . They let us take the bottles back to our room as for 2 people we did not finish the two bottles that we ordered. This was really nice as the security guard walked us to our room with the bottles. We will DEFINITELY DEFINITELY come back again the next time that we are in Vegas/staying at the Cosmopolitan. The only minus was that there was a special dj for the night (that I had never heard of) and the music was very boom boom boom. There were hours where there was not one word. I love house music but this was a little excessive. We did overall have an amazing time.. . . . Dayclub:. We went on a Monday so keep that in mind. The dayclub was pretty cool...there is a minimum to sit at any chair but I mean what do you expect from a Vegas pool party? It wasn't bad at all as it was a  Monday so we had a lot of fun. There was no DJ but the music was still amazing. We got a table right by the pool and after our umbrella fell over they moved us to a cabana in the side pool. It was really nice. The pool was a little gross as there were straws and menus in the pool which did not make it appealing to swim in but other than that the ambiance and overall scene was pretty good. If you are a guest of the hotel there is another pool nearby that you can switch back and forth with if you do not like Marquee. It is more calm and definitely cleaner.
Absolutely my best experience in Vegas ever! This dayclub is one of the most fun, creative, chill and amazing places I've hung out! . . Beds inside the pool, couches by it, swings near by, overlooking a "beach" and then add in the drinks and the awesome music! I also want to say the crowd here is not your typical Vegas tourist, but I guess there is no "typical" Vegas tourist, but I digress - what I mean to say is the crowd here is fun and chill! . . I would highly recommend and can't wait to be back myself!
Great poll experience in Vegas.  None better!  Great staff, great music, great view!. . Run, do not walk to experience this club!
I'm speaking for the nightclub... FAVORITE club when I visited to Vegas. If you're looking for a big dance floor and good music to actually dance to (such as hip hop) this is the place to come. . . They had performers and confetti blew out on us. It was pretty sweet. A different variety of people too.. . Although, the only negative downfall I would say about this place, is that it was extremely crowded. People were stepping on my feet the whole time and when I woke up the next day, I had bruises on the top of my feet. If you don't like to constantly bump into people, this isn't the place for you. And when I went, it was on a Tuesday! So I couldn't imagine what the weekend would be like.
A nice place to drink and relax.  Enjoy the view of the strip and the ladies.
Marquee, a total chick fest this place is! Thanks to all you sexy girls for making Marquee my 3rd favorite club in Vegas.. . During day of course it is a pool club to go mingle in your swimsuits but come night, that's when it really goes down and definitely my fav time to hit it.. Good or bad, say what you want but this nightclub is pimp! Hot women with little bitty sexy club dresses all around wow. The DJ talent performing here is tops and world renowned. The vibe is electrifying! It gets mad crowded with so much happening inside this place. . Party central for all you singles on the hunt. A 5-star when it comes to clubs in sin city. Everyone looks well dressed, cool and ready to have fun. There are 3 rooms each with its own style of music.... . The Library Room, has a pool table and lounge bar to chill away from the party madness.. The BoomBox room, solely for hip-hop/top 40 music dance lovers.. The Main Room, which consists of many tables for bottle service along with the sound of house/pop music thru the night. A modern upscale club, the lighting effects and go go hottie dancers add the right mix. . . Try to act discreet if you guys bring your GFs here cuz you will see hotter girls I kid you not and it can get you in trouble with your girl like it did with mine. I blame the beautiful honeys clubbing here for it. Yeah, Marquee can cause breakups so watch out.
It's beautiful, it's new, the club is huge since it has an indoor and outdoors. I spent the majority of my night dancing outdoors. More air to breathe. It was just as happenin' outdoors as it would been indoors.
ok, this review may be biased but I F*CKING LOVE THIS PLACE especially because I met CORY MONTIETH & MARK SALLING (aka FINN & PUCK from glee). . . But despite that AMAZINGNESS, this place is the best! I came here for the Dayclub and it was SO MUCH FUN! There're two dance floors, one inside and one outside, they have special DJ's that come in all the time (when I came Marcus Shulz was spinning), and everyone's here for a good time! Each cabana has it's own mini jacuzzi which is so much fun and there's plenty of space in the main pool to dance and IT'S CLEAN!!! I will say though, my friends and I got very lucky when we were here because we met some guys who let us party in their cabana (which was right next to the glee boys' cabana =D) and we got free drinks and plenty of room to sit. The service at the cabanas is AMAZING! Whenever we ran out of drinks, they came right away with more and they were very attentive. With that being said, I'd say getting a cabana is the way to go if you have the money that is. If not, it's still a lot of fun and there's tons of space to dance and have fun with your friends. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
This is an amazing newer club.  Not since Acapulco have I felt a club with this energy.  There are many different rooms each with their own theme.  There is an outside patio area by the pools with a swanky cabana/table.  Then there is an upstairs library with a much smaller feel.  There is a pool table and comfortable couches.  It is much more mellow.  There is also a hip hop room on the lowest floor (4th floor I think) that plays hip hop music.  It was pretty cramped in there and we didn't stay long.  The best part of Marquee is the main room.  The music is great.  The energy is amazing.  The DJs were phenomenal. . . Yes, it is a pain to get up there (especially if you are a girl in heels) but it is worth it.  I would recommend trying to get on a list or else you will be waiting in line.  . . I love that there is something for everyone here.  A few girls in our group loved going back up to the library to sit for awhile.  I never wanted to leave the main room.  . . I want to go here every time I go to Vegas.  It is definitely my new favorite.
my reviews are normally hella long.. but theres not much to say other than this is by far the BEST club i've been to and i've been to a handful in hollywood. If you're in vegas and come across a promoter definitely hop on over and check this place out. Be sure to bring more girls with you then guys or else good luck trying to get in cause the lines get really long. Not sure what normal cover is but since we knew one of the promoters, the guys got in $25 and girls free. . multiple dance floors on different floors and the vibe is just overall awesome. Love how chill it was outside the pool and balcony area.. . Definitely coming back next time im in vegas (:
Day and night I love it all.. . We had a cabana with a little pool in front so I spent most of my time there.  The large pool looked out of control and a little gross.  I definitely recommend this as a go to pool party.. . The night club was definitely awesome.  The house music was good but I spent most of my time in the hip hop room downstairs.. . The line is BANANAS...thankfully my friends and I didn't wait in it. :)
Seems like it can get crowded for events during the nightclub house. Get here early!
if you don't come here, it's like you didn't go to las vegas. . . by far my favorite club in las vegas! to get in, you take the escalator through the giant chandelier located in the middle of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, which just gets you excited. i've never had trouble getting in, but that's because i'm lucky enough to be able to get on the guestlist, so get in for free. our guy friends didn't have too much trouble either and got in for free once, but i think that was a fluke so don't expect that :) . . inside: its HUGE, with a stage that is usually packed (in a good way) surrounded by tables. dancers are incredible, lights are amazing, mist & confetti just top off the night. i swear, they put on a show for you, reminding you you're in vegasss!! . . outside: omg, what's not to love about two outdoor bars, patios with hottubs, and pool? its absolutely beautiful.. . music: only the best djs spin there on a regular basis. ive seen benassi, kaskade, & steve angello, 3 of the most memorable nights ever.
So if I count back to my dayclub/night club experiences, this is a total of 6 times I could've written a Marquee review. However since I go there so much, it would be redundant. I m going to post my most recently VIP reservation experience at Marquee. . . Going into the AOD End of Summer Invasion, I knew Marquee Nightclub was going to be one of the highlights of the trip. At the beginning there were about 25 people interested in getting VIP services at Marquee. As soon as we got the quotes back of $300-400 per head, it quickly eliminated the contestants in a hurry. So I ended up with a final total of 8, and the best I can do was a 5 person reservation at an outside table with my man Brad Spieser at the Marquee group. Even this was almost impossible to pull off because Marquee reservations were pretty much completely booked out for Fri/Sat, for a few weekends to come. We had to be there nice and early, no slipping up. . . On early Friday we had a pretty chill pool party, and I made sure I didnt get chocolate wasted at Liquid. We got back to our room, and everyone was on point when we were getting ready. For the first time on this trip Gio/Mike B got all dressed, and were actually ready for me to pimp them out with the double windsor knots on the ties. We were looking sharp we left the Signatures and even got offered limo rides. Nah, we roll gangsta. Cabs only. . . Got to the Chandlier bar at 8:45! We just had to wait for Ola, Chad and the rest of his crew. Thank goodness I brought a can of 4loko with me. So we were waiting for the crew to assemble, and I popped the can. Right away I took a huge ass sip. I handed off to Gio, hes like no thanks. Mike B also said no thanks. WTF. This meant I had to kill this whole can by myself. Either ways its Marquee, fuck it. We lay it all on the line. Slowly but surely I chugged the whole can. Rest of the crew appeared, I picked our select 5 on table. Collected the cash and off we went. The other 2 dudes had glist lined up with 12 girls, so they were to meet us inside. . . We took the escalator up to Marquee level and honestly I was seeing 30 ropes infront of me and I talked the guy that appeared to be in the middle. He said we had to wait an additional 10 mins before VIP line actually opened up. Apparently I was totally slurring my words cause Mike B said I was wasted and he still was polite with me. I was like calm down Mike B, even me wasted I can handle Vegas business with 110% efficiency. Thats how I roll, Major style.  So finally our guy Brad texts us back, hes waiting at the ropes. We quickly bring the crew up and he lifts the ropes, then off we go. Say good bye to the millions that are stuck on the other side of the club which have no idea that we take this secret elevator without ever being in line. . . In the elevator ride I persuade Brad to come drink with us, and sure enough he agreed. Slapped him with a huge tip for being a bro. So we go to the outside level of Marquee, Brad straight walked us to the center front dance floor daybed, right infront the screen with a sweet view of all the oncoming talent. Everyone was bro-hugging each other because all our hard work of planning this trip finally paid off. . . We order bottles, and the rest was pretty much history. Heres the bits and pieces of what I remembered:. -I was yelling at some random bouncer for picking up bottle serviced drink and disposing of it, and I was telling him how much it costs vs the bar, and he said he didnt give a shit. -I was making out and dry humping one of our friends and she was loving it on our daybed. -I shuffled like a madman, and somehow found my way at bungalo cabanas ( a good 100 yards from my daybed). Then some guy came back to our table and asked to have what I was having... . Just bits and pieces.. and many numbers in my phone when I left. I also remember the light show as incredible, and it was most banging house music I ever heard in my life outside of EDC. Oh Marquee, the next time we drop a couple of Gs we will try to remember it better.
My friends and I couldn't have asked for a better evening at Marquee. . . First, we all got in for FREE. Both the fellas and the ladies. This could be because it was a Monday, but as we bypassed the cashier at the front door and led into the club, it was a real good feeling. (Get at me if you wanna know the name of my hookup). . Second, the Boom Box Room was playing all the Hip Hop/Top 40 hits. I am not a big fan of House so this room was perfect. I can't remember the last time I was dancing to 'Pony' by Ginuwine. I think at a high school dance. It is a tiny dancefloor, but  I was surprised how small the main room was when I saw it for the first time.. . Thirdly, FREE SEATING. Located right outside the Boom Box Room, there's about 6 or 7 couches for anybody to sit and chill. It's also the best spot to people watch. I also noticed there was benches up by the pool area. This is great for everybody to rest up and continue the party.. . Fourthly, PARTY ROCK MONDAY. After chilling on the couches, we made our way to the main room to see Redfoo of LMFAO begin his set. This place was mad packed so we found a spot in the back room. We couldn't see anybody on stage, but we had a decent view of the big screen. Once 'Party Rock Anthem' started playing and the confetti was in the air and the lights and sounds were engulfing your senses, you couldn't help but get get into it. And this is from the guy that said he didn't like House music a few sentences ago. Definitely worth it.. . While I agree the multiple levels of the club and the stairs can't compare to the luxurious layout of XS, the music and the vibe definitely win over Mr. Wynn's place. . . This is definitely the hottest club in Vegas right. At 2am. there were still people trying to get into the place. Make it a point to get here.
This update is for the DAYCLUB. My friend and I came here on a weekday. We got in free and it was pretty quiet, but the music was good and there were plenty of places to lay out. A server explained that since it was slow, we could sit anywhere we wanted except in the cabanas. She was also very careful to explain that if they filled up and people came in who wanted to pay for the seats and daybeds, they'd have to start bumping people. No problem and props for being upfront about it. We took over a daybed that was right at the edge of the water. The pool area is a bit on the small side, but not nearly as small as Tao and Azure. The music was good. Drinks were about what we expected to pay. The server was really awesome. We only left because we got hungry and since it started getting cloudy, we got a little cold. If you want to get a lot of sun, I suggest staying on the side that you walk in from; the other side gets shaded by the building a lot (which is good if you're looking for shade). We'll definitely be back!
FUN TIMES! First and for most you have to be somebody or know somebody to get in, very hard to get it, but worth the try. Being V.I.P and having the best table in the club made this experience that much better. The club is pretty small as far as the dance floor, but if you have a table that shouldn't be an issue. There is a swimming pool and mermaids swimming in it. We had the canopy bed table so we had front row seat to see of them swimming. GREAT, BEAUTIFUL, AND CLASSY
I take back everything I previously said... go on a night that your favorite dj is playing and you will have the best time of your life. Amazing!
Holy Jesus, what an insanely amazing club this place is! For starters let me say this: if you are planning on going to the uber-hotspot Marquee on a good night (in my case, it was a Friday), you must plan, plan, plan your night out. . . Was in a party of 5 (2 girls, 3 guys), but had a hookup from Brandon Grady. Bless, you sir. Got there at 10pm on the dot and glad it wasn't a moment later. Beware that there are several different entrances to this club. There's a line if you're an all-girl party. There's a line if you bought internet pre-sale tickets. There's a line if you're on a guest list. There's a line if you're ordering bottle service. There's a re-entry line. Blah, blah, blah. Like I said, plan it out so that you're not wasting time.. . We got in the guest list line and made it to the cashier/elevator line section within 5 minutes. I don't feel like I should have to mention that there is a dress code here and guys should not wear sneakers or they will get rejected, but...I saw this happen to at least 3 guys, so I'm mentioning it.. . Cover was $30/guys, $20/girls with discounts if you're a local. Once we exited the elevator, there must have already been at least 600-700 people inside the club. This was at 10:05 pm. Have I mentioned you should have a plan when coming here?. . Love the outdoor pool area. Love the music, although I will say that the dance floor got extremely claustrophic. I wish it was a bigger area. Love the hundreds upon hundreds of scantily-clad beautiful people. Let me say that again: I really enjoyed looking at the hundreds of scantily-clad beautiful people. Drinks are your standard Vegas prices.. . Of course you can order bottle service or a cabana, but with so many people in the club, I don't see the point of paying $1,200 for a table when you'll have people bumping into you and stepping on your feet while you sit there. The cabanas look like they afford a modicum of privacy/exclusivity.. . Have to give a shout-out to the two girls who put on mermaid fins and got in the pool around 11pm. Mermaids are awesome.. . Love this hotel. Love this club. LA has absolutely nothing like it. It's like a club on steroids! Highly recommend.. . Trust me; I'm an Elite. ;)
This place was ridiculous. as in....great. . My first pool parTAY ever definitely went out with a "bang".. . The staff was great. I have ZERO complaints. The drinks were fab, although I kept my minimum to Veuve Champagne.  . I loved the DJ, and may have cursed out of love that he was spinning DeadMau5 AND Adele. Not simultaneously of course. . We also ordered some pizza and fries, the fries were hot(taste) but the pizza was good. I also ordered a pitcher of frozen lemonade with vodka...WOW. At the taste of it, I dropped my glass of Veuve and didn't look back to see if anyone was hurt by the glass. . After about 6 glasses of Vueve and other misc. drinks in my body, I felt safe to step into the pool that now had over 80 private parts bumping and grinding to the fab DJ.. The only complaint I have, which is by most....why the EFF do we have to go down an escalator while highly inebriated? Most of us are half naked, and because of this, luckily we are not snagging any jewelry, undies, or shoe laces. . I'll be back, I mean I AM sure they will want me back. A pretty penny was dropped there, and without hesitation. Great time!
This is for Marquee Nightclub:. . DJ Chuckie was spinning, so you know it was crackin' already!. . The Cosmopolitan Hotel is, hands down, my favorite hotel on the strip. It is ritzy, it is glamorous, it epitomizes Las Vegas hotel beauty. As you make your way to Marquee, you'll be mesmerized by Cosmo's chandelier bar; you need to stop there and grab a drink before going to Marquee. You won't want to waste 30 minutes ordering drinks once you get into the club, trust me.. . Everything about Marquee is unreal, but amazing: the lights flashing everywhere, the music booming (all you hear is pounding bass!), the go-go dancers, and all of the secret passageways to the different dance rooms. The main dance floor spins House/Club/Trance, and if you don't want to squeeze your way in, you can forget about dancing in there - it gets packed. . . In the "library" they spin Rap & Hip-Hop; it's called the library because there are book shelves along the walls. [If you can find it], we also went up to this semi-catwalk area where we had a view of the entire main dance floor! . . We ended up dancing out on the rooftop terrace because our friends had a table, it was cool because there was a DJ spinning outside too! We had a beautiful view of the Vegas lights' skyline and saw some girls swimming in the pool, like completely swimming in the pool in their dresses. I guess they forgot they were at a damn club? You are literally enveloped by the music, and it's no wonder, the entire sound system cost $2 Million! Now isn't that worth a listen?. . If you are going to Vegas soon, you MUST go to Marquee, no questions, just GO.
So, I flew up on Sunday for Labor Day weekend for a quick getaway and to catch up with some friends. We got bottle service outside Sunday night and had a chill time. Keep in mind, the atmosphere outside is totally different than inside at the main dance floor. Sunday was a good time but nothing crazy. Then comes Marquee Mondays. I have never in my life partied at the same club two nights in a row. Met some girlfriends for dinner at STK and they were set on going to Marquee for the night, while I had plans to hit XS (previously my favorite Vegas club) for Afrojack and Skrillex. .   Of course, the ladies got their way and we ended up at Marquee, again. IT WAS INSANE! .   DJ Chuckie started off the night and got the place going, then Benny Benassi gets on the decks and kills it. It's 3AM and this place is just getting hot....LMFAO and the PartyRock Crew come on and this place goes ape shit. You know you're in the right place when Will.I.Am is high-fiving you for spraying Veuve all over the crowd and Paris Hilton is dancing to your left with her hands in the air like a stoned, high school senior. . People that dont like this place.....go somewhere else. The music is the best in Vegas (resident dj's include Kaskade, Avicii, Dirty South, ATB, Benny Benassi to name a few). If those names don't ring a bell, again....go to another club. You'll probably catch on in about two years. .   The energy, light show and sound system in this club is top-notch compared to any club in the country. The staff was nothing but courteous and willing to help with any request our tables had. The crowd was unbelievable as well. Beautiful people everywhere just getting together to party hard. . Tips that you should already know (but I'll re-iterate anyways):. 1) Don't be a jackass at the door. That won't help your chances. . 2) Bring your money and be prepared to spend it. You'll have a much better time, I guarantee it.. 3) Tip well. It's good karma and makes you look like less of a douche.. 4) Bring a group of hot ladies with you. Again, you'll have a better time.. 5) BE READY TO PARTY....you won't be disappointed.. . Again...I've never gone to the same club two nights in a row. We spent more time at Marquee over our 48 hours in Vegas than we did in the room and I would gladly do it all over again.
Best nightclub in Vegas. Great DJ's and beautiful scenery! What more can you ask for? This place by far got the best music out in Vegas.
Here's my 2 cents on the hottest club in LV. . . The rumor is true this club is off the hook! The entrance is welcoming. It's on the second floor if you don't stay at Cosmo you'll be using an escalator going up from 1st floor and on the way up you can hear the music bumping, jamming. There's that anticipation and you feel the energy coming on. The closer you get you can hear the music getting louder. You're ecstatic, customers who was a bitch at work is behind you, the break up you had that too disappeared... hahaha ok maybe it was just me. But you get the point :). . We always get a table. It's ridiculous waiting in line. There's usually at least 6 - 9 of us so it's not too bad. The line for a table is much faster. I think we waited for 10 mins. If you don't have a table easily 90 minutes wait, and if you're bunch of guys at least 2 hrs wait. And if you're bunch of Asian guys you won't get in. Forget about it. If you're reading this on your phone and you're a group of Asian guy waiting in line, just leave and blow your money on the poker table.. . You can take off your wife beating tank top and wave like a white flag you won't get any sympathy. They don't want you. Yes bro, they expect Asian dudes to have moolah. Without them lettuce you ain't shit because you'll just dirty the club. That's the way it is. Yeah it sucks! It's not you, it's you without money and they want money.. . We always call a promoter, Stephanie Tran, I think. We always get the table outside by the pool. Some time later mermaids come out for a swim. So with the table you get three bottles. So usually two vodka bottles, and a bottle of Silver Patron to jazz it up in case you had a really bad week or your wifey is cheating on you and you're in denial. LOL . . Also, you get a super hot waitress to mix you drinks. Heck she even take shots with us. Plus you get a body guard, Jameer. Some girls like to sneak up on our table and chill in our area. What do you do? "Yo, Jameer see them girls we didn't invite them. You know what to do right?" "Yes Sir, I'll get right to it." And with a blink of an eye they're being escorted off! . . Dude there are some girls who just come up and straight up tell me to pour her a drink. Yeah she's hot but so what. I just tell her, "Yeah, no problem and turned and chat with my buddy, 'Lakers are not in sync this year right?!" Sorry, I give very little respect to those girls who think men are suppose to roll a red carpet because they have a pretty face/body. Blahhh, you got nothing to do with it. It's in your DNA.. . But if you're nice, fun, and carry a big smile and tell me things like you're working for a research company hoping to find cure for HIV and you used to work for Robinson May folding clothes I'd be totally in to you. Heck even if you don't just play the role. It shows that you're down to earth, care for humanity, and ambitious. All attractive qualities in a woman.  . . Trust me my Asian peeps. Get the table. If you're gonna roll at the hottest club go big. If you're a penny pincher you won't have fun here. It's worth it! Let the lady be the cheap ass. You roll big that's the only way to do it especially at Marquee.. . Recaps:. Best club in LV. Get a table it's worth it! Can't get a table? Don't even go you'll waste your time waiting in line for 2 hours. Then you'll complaint the club sucks because it's crowded. But in fact, you're pissed off that you had to wait for two hours.. Nice added entertainment: personal security guard, mermaids, go go dancers. But not any go go dancers. They're blind folded in a red see through scarf and moved at the same time. And when the dance floor is exploding with energy comes from the sky are bunch of silver confetti. People just go nutsss!!! . . Our table by the pool was a minimum order of $2,000 plus automatically added gratuity and tax of $400. There were six of us so about $400 each.. . Right I could get a LV wallet with them lettuce, but who cares you're in LV live it up!!!
i've been to the night and dayclub but the night part is very very vague so i'll keep this review about the dayclub. SO MUCH FUN. love the dancing blocks in the water..it looks like you are walking on water in lots of the pictures. the infinity pool/spa things in the cabanas are also really cool. im a big fan of how there are 2 pretty decent sized bars as well. the bathrooms were kept super clean the entire saturday afternoon which can't be an easy feat. kind of a bummer how you can't bring your drink into the water but that's my only real complaint if it's even a complaint.
This is definatively my favorite club in Las Vegas..the music, the lights, the crowd is amazing!! My friends and I had an incredible time..drinks are overpriced but worth to have them here than in another nightclub! loved this club! (For the chaos in regards to the entrance see my post below, even though that happened my friends and I do not regret paying to get into this club)
I've been at marquee in 3 opportunities, this club is a Truly "Wow Factor," that has changed entirely Las Vegas nightlife. With 62,000-square-foot, ultra high-tech, 40-foot LED screen, located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip. This multi-level venue has Outside a pool area inspired by Tao Beach, if you're in vegas, you must visit marquee, you wont be disappointed.
Saw LMFAO here and one of the highest energy, best vibes I've ever been around.   Usual line douchbaggery but once inside this place is currently #1 in Vegas.  Who's going to knock them off the top?
Marquee (sigh).  Just when I thought that I knew what the epitome of partying was, you go ahead and tear the roof off that upper limit.  . . I was there on Saturday and Kaskade was DJing.  My friends and I had a table in the Boombox room, and it was insane.  Everybody in that club was going insane... . . Compliments to our Bouncer Dave, our waitresses Amy, and Brad at the front door.  We got into Marquee within 5 minutes, bypassing everyone in the table reservation line even.. . I can't say that table service is going to guarantee a good time because the table next to us was quite bored in comparison to us.  Partying is a function of your own group's energy... the rest of the pieces will fall into place if you got that down.  Marquee can help you achieve greatness.
The hottest nightclub in Las Vegas!! . . I been to this club twice since this past summer a had back to back incredible nights. The views of the Vegas strip is truly amazing which XS and other clubs don't offer. Anyways I got to the club early with my boys from ordering tickets online which I strongly recommend for guys. I was able to meet some cool girls who hook it up on free drinks since girls drink free open bar to 11. The girl to guy ratio was around 4 to 1, and the dance floor was pack. The women here are sexy and were not stuck up at all. Your game has to be really wack if your a guy and cannot meet a girl here. The environment and music put everyone in a great mood to have fun. I would definitely come back to this club to party.
This club is awesome... Now every time I party in Chicago (home) I think the clubs are lame and small... Out friend hooked-up with free admission! However, be prepared to pay $14 per drink. Drinks are vert strong so is kind of worth it, I had three and I had enough. The staff is not very friendly, so I recommend to get your drinks from different bars and not tip them well... They do not deserve it! Going to the bathroom or different levels is challenge. People here are very chill and extremely good looking... I made some new friends from France and Sweden. If you can get in for a discount or free, do go here. You won't regret it.
Marquee is in competition to be one of the top clubs in Vegas. There are many places you can hang out so keep in close proximity with your group or you may find yourself on the dance floor all alone! . . -- 2 dance floors! House and hip hop (my fav.). Both get ridiculously packed though :/. . -- Plenty of outdoor space to smoke, relax, converse.. . -- Table AND cabana options. . -- Buy a PRESALE TICKET before you get to Vegas. I guarantee you'll have a much easier time getting in-- only catch is, you HAVE to go to Marquee. Can't change your mind and decide to go somewhere else once you get out there.. . -- Very often do they have guest djs on their main dance floor.. . -- You may want to purchase some ear plugs ;)
If there are two things that I love in this world, they're house music and girls.  Not necessarily in that order.  Marquee always gives me what I love, so I in return, love Marquee.. . While it can get packed around the dance floor area in the house room (I've never even been to the hip hop room), hang out towards the back near the doors to the outside and you'll have a little bit more breathing room and room to dance.  I've never once felt too confined this way, but yes, the dance floor can get crazy packed; what did you expect from one of the most in-demand clubs though?. . I've been here to see Kaskade, Chuckie (x2), Dash Berlin, and Arty/Kryder...not once have I been let down. . . Pro-tip: Always buy presale! It'll save you a TON of door drama! You have to walk up the stairs of death, but only to the hip-hop room, from there take the elevator!
World class DJ's, outdoor/indoor, Vegas .. enough said!
Oh my Marquee OMG. This club made my Vegas experience very...vegas. Haha. This review is for both night and day club. We got seriously hooked up by one of my friend's friend Christine. Best promoter EVER! Went there for Saturday nighclub. We got the VIP hookup so we got to go in the shorter and much more scenically pleasing line on the floor with beautiful pools. Got in, alright ready to party!. . This is a really nice venue with places to chill inside and outside. 3 floors with different genres of music. Hip hop first floor, House second, R&B third. Hip hop was...soooo crowded. I actually got hives because...I'm not quite sure why..the air? the sweat? Anyways, it was hopping. House isn't really my thang because I like getting down rather than fist pumping BUT the EC twins were performing that day and they were FREAKINNGG awesome. Really cute and just great energy. It was a fun fist pumping night. . . The drinks. I generally as a rule don't drink at clubs because I don't like to dance too slizzard, so I didn't get a drink. My friends got some and they said it was SUPER expensive. Drink smart, drink at home. . . The guys. There were guys offering drinks. Doing the creep thing, but generally it wasn't too bad. It was too crowded really to be super creepy on the dance floor....although there are the few exceptional one...but they exist everywhere. Generally a good night. It was more crowded than I usually like it, but pretty awesome nonetheless.. . Now...Dayclub...effed me up. Two dangerous words in vegas: Open Bar. We met up with Christine and a group got a cabana? day bed? at the club where there was free drinks and food. In addition to that, there was open bar. So naturally, we wanted to take advantage of that. Lemonade Vodka. Two second most dangerous words in Vegas. Between the 3-4 drinks, freaking delish blueberry mojitos, and patron shots, I had a bite of calamari and some berries. Yayy 1 PM probably and I was super drunks. I remember a jacuzzi, taking pictures with friendies, lying down on a bed floating in water, waterfall.....bathroom floor. :) Really awesome bathrooms. While I threw up the little food and abundance of alcohol in my body, my friend met the EC twins outside. Sigh. So lucky. Either way, not quite sure how I made it home, but that experience (with the help of trying to eat a buffet after) kept me barfing til 5 am. WHOOOOO. That's Vegas baby. :)
Another great Vegas night at Marquee. This time I got to stay for the whole night (past 4:30am) and it was so much fun!! I got to walk around and explore a bit more. There's a DJ in the back of the pools that I don't remember seeing before. Also the main floor had burlesque dancers performing above the DJ (markus shulz on a sat night), but not sure if that's a regular thing now. They were entertaining nevertheless. . Tip: If you want to dance on the main floor, you can squeeze yourself in to the front of the DJ booth cuz there's actually dance space!! The front side corners have the most dance space. I love it. And they burst cold air in at random times--quite a chilling surprise!! If you're lucky, you can get a foam light up stick to wave around. They also did a lot of confetti drops throughout the night...the only annoying thing at the end of the night was trying to peel it all off your heels. All in all, I like it better now. And I didn't even drink any alcohol! Maybe that's the secret to a good Vegas night. hahaha
This place is absolutely beautiful! They have this awesome photo booth that takes outstanding-looking pictures. The view is amazing of the newest hot spots in Vegas!  Indoor/Outdoor option was PERFECT! Because music bumping everywhere. They have a ridiculous pool outside! Each cabana-like bottle service tables had individual hot tubs.. . The go-go dancers are hot but not really dancing.. two steps don't count ladies!. . Drinks are obviously pricey -- can't change that fact. The music was like house music BUT they were remixing good hip hop songs. We didn't stay long because we had planned a night to hit up two other places..so we got their early. for close to 10 PM -- there were a lot of people. The somewhat dangerous stairs, in heels, can be a pain. You only have to take em if you got the hook up ;P
Seriously the best club I have ever been to in Vegas. Only Ibiza can top this one. I won tickets to see Dirty South here and got hooked up the rest of the night. Even if I hadnt I still woulda had a great time. I love that there are different rooms but also an outside pool area. My go to stop is usually XS or Surrender but I am so excited to come here again. I dont see how people are saying its super small. I feel like there was so many different places to move around and explore. I didnt have a problem with the stairs either. I had 4 inch heels on and I wasnt complaining. There is an elevator but then again, I dont remember leaving.
I dont know why people are giving this place a low star review. Im from San Francisco and i had one hell of a time while i was in vegas.. . Marquee was SUPER crackin on saturday night. Maybe it was because it was the I-heart-Radio weekend but im pretty sure this club is always crackin. . . After the long wait in line (swag status if you have bottle service) you take an elevator to get into the club. Its basically as good as it gets in Marquee. There are 3 floors to explore, all unique. The floor that you get off on is the main floor which they play electro, techno, and dubstep music. The upper floor is called the "Library" and when i went up there, they were playing some nice oldies mixes. Theres an outside part to the club which is REALLY nice. There are tables for gambling and the Dealers were women. The bottom floor is the hip hop room and that room was  CRAZY. Girls were hot. The room was hot and crowded. Go Go dancers were hot. EVERYTHING was hot. . . Advice if you're planning on going here:. . - GUEST LIST GUEST LIST GUEST LIST. guys, you dont want to pay 90$ for cover charge. Girls get in for free. go figure.. - PREGAME. well this is a given for any club you go to. Drink a little before coming here cause the drinks are pricey, as in any Vegas Club. But if you're ballin and you have no problem buying rounds of drinks then go ahead.. - if you're a guy, GIRLS GIRLS GIRLS. Make sure your Guy to Girl Ratio is GOOD. if not, then you'll probably have to wait or not even get into the club. Ive seen a group of 5 guys not get in because their ratio sucked.. . Just make sure to not have any worries, dont worry about how you're getting back to the hotel, dont worry about your problems back home, just DONT WORRY and you'll have an amazing time here. Its vegas. Whatever happens in Vegas stays. Or ends up on Youtube. . . PS: and if you do happen to wake up someplace thats not your hotel room, then congrats. Cause thats what i did. haha. Cheers!
Got completely hammered, had the best time, lost my phone...and they had it for me the next morning. Thank you!!!!
So there we were, last night in Vegas, failed bachelor party (failed for the groom who bailed, WIN for us 'cause we had an awesome time) pretty much burnt out fromwalking the strip and being hung over. . . While grabbing a delicious meal and a few drinks at Shake N Buns in the Cosmo, I notice a line forming outside. Our bartender informed us that it was the line to the Marquee Nightclub.. . With money left to burn, I figured this would be a better option than gambling it all away. So $50 a head and five minutes later, we were in!. . I got off at the hip-hop room. A small nostalgically appointed space, but nice. I don't know who that DJ was, but he had a great ear for classic hip hop! . . The library area was really more my style, but it was empty when I made my way up there. Being the uppermost area I witnessed what seemed like scores of high-heeled women wobbling their way down the dimly lit staircase grasping on to the handrail for dear life! Mildly amusing.. . The main floor, had some kind of house techno thing going. Again a nice space, however the music there wasn't really my cup of tea.. . The outdoor pool area... very very nice and really crowded. Perhaps the best place to get bottle service in my opinion.. . After about six Blue Label neats, plus the two Glen 12s and a glass of absinthe earlier all I remember was I managed to spend the whole night there, danced with a group of lovely ladies from San Fran (happy birthday Ms. White Dress whoever you were), met a nice cougar from out east, chatted with Bouncer James at the outdoor stairs leading to the pool area and totally fell in love with my bartender Jennifer who was working the hip-hop room bar (I always get attached to my enablers). . . All in all, from what I recall, good times, great decor, great music (I salute you Mr. Hip-Hop Room DJ) and friendly folks out for fun. I'm definitely coming back.
it is on e of the hottest night clubs in las vegas . If you are wanting to now how to live it up in the city of sin this is it.
Marquee is the hottest club in Vegas.  May well be the most successful new club in America with the kind of volume they have done.  I had the opportunity to have an amazing table/booth next to the dance floor inside on Monday night.  It was rocking.  Music and energy was jamming all night.  The outside pool area was a site to behold.  . . This is a place for beautiful people to see and be seen.  I highly recommend it if you are up for a major club scene.  Just make sure you figure out how to get in.. the line was around the corner when I left... oh, and it is not cheap.
I think I've gone to house music heaven. And no, it's not just because of all the stairs you need to climb to get in! haha. . Once you finish up your calf workout, there are 3 different options you can choose from: a hiphop room on the first level, the main EDM music floor on the 2nd level, and a 3rd level skybox where they have dope views of CityCenter, Aria etc. . . Lineup here is always poppin, as more than any other club in LV this place was built and designed for EDM. Top 100 DJs like Armin, Kaskade, Avicii, Gareth Emery etc. all have residencies here or visit regularly. The Funktion One sound system(it matters!), lighting, smoke, and confetti all combine into an out of this world sensory overload that everyone should experience at least once in their life. Here, you are the music, and the music is you! untz untz untz untz . . Hands down the top club in Vegas(maybe the world) right now. Just thinking about this place gives me mad withdrawals lol. Can't wait to come back(real soon!)
Best night club in Vegas IMO.  The lighting and sound system in the main room upstairs is insane.  Even when you're outside in the pool area connected to the main room the sound system is legit, it sounds like you're still in the main room.  In the outdoor pool area it's great to look up and see all the lighted hotel towers above you while partying on a rooftop..   Anyway there are plenty of bars placed around the upstairs floor to the point we didn't have to really wait for a drink.  The price is the norm for Vegas night clubs ($15 for goose and tonic), and the staff is friendly..   Love this club.
I found my favorite club in Vegas!!!. . Especially when Benny Benassi is in the house. Multiple floors, multiple rooms, multiple cabanas to crash.. . Beautiful main room with big dance floor...by BIG I mean bigger but still small when everyone is crammed on there trying to dance. HUGE LED screen behind DJ booth, perfect for celeb dj to showcase their stuff.. . The cabanas each have their own little hot tub, but beware, many drunken asses have fallen into it so sit back and enjoy the show.. . Marquee also boast the hottest looking crowd so lots of eye candy moments....Get yer iPhone, BB, Android or whatever device you use ready to TRY getting numbas, plenty of dumb, drunken ass girls ready to let you have it.
I've been to Marquee Nightclub a few times since it opened and I like it there. I like the different rooms and the music they play. There's the main floor where they play mostly techno, a hip hop room and the library (I think that's what it's called) where the atmosphere is very chill. You can sit at the bar, play pool or, if it's open, go on the balcony and look down to the main floor.  . . Most of the time I don't wait in line, but one time I did and it seemed a bit unorganized. They have signs, but with all the people, you can barely see them so there can be difficulty finding where to go. Plus, depending on what time you get there, the lines can be very long. Something else I didn't like is how small the hip hop room is. When I went in there it was jam packed and I was squeezing my way through people the second I entered. The dance floor is packed as well. It's super hot in there. But, if you get too hot, granted the season isn't summer, you can step outside to cool off. . . Every time I've left Marquee, I never had the smell of smoke lingering on my clothes or in my hair. Nor when I walk through the casino. They keep the place well ventilated in my opinion. I also like how the pool area is open. My friends and I usually hang out and dance outside because we get too hot dancing inside and the dance floor is so packed you can barely move.
one thing i have to mention about this place vs. xs..... i was never groped in the crotch at Marquee.. . i came to vegas one weekend, and 3 times out of the 4 times we went out, was to this location. (nightclub-nightclub-dayclub). . need i say more?. . big ups to Chhenchilla for always hookin it up!
I've had nothing but good times at Marquee.. . The first time around, I waited for two hours in the "Table Add-On" line. It was miserable... But I'm a pretty patient dude, and I had a good time watching obnoxious brohammers wave hundred dollar bills in front of the doormen and get shut down.. . Furthermore, by the time I got in, it was incredible. As luck would have it, I wound up at a dance floor table for Kaskade--probably an $8,000 or $10,000 minimum--that I didn't have to pay for. I realize that this can't happen to everyone--well, girls, it can probably happen to you--but I can only rate my own experiences.. . The second time, determined not to wait in line (and not buying a table), I showed up as soon as the doors opened... Literally. I was inside the club at 8:50 PM on the Saturday of Labor Day Weekend when Avicii played. I know what you're thinking, and the answer is: Yes! It was pretty lame waiting around for three hours for things to pick up. But in the end--just like with waiting in that God-forsaken "Table Add-On" line--it was worth it.. . BOTTOM LINE: If you're into house/trance/electro... Marquee is the place to be. Vegas has plenty of other fantastic clubs... But keep in mind that Marquee is the only one to be built with EDM in mind. All the rest were built when Vegas was still a hip hop town. The music, the lights, the smoke cannons... It all comes together at Marquee to make for an unforgettable experience. There's no better place in Vegas (America? The World?) to see your favorite DJ.. . PROTIP: Avoid the "Table Add-On" line at all costs. If you're getting a table, have your entire group show up at the same time. The thing about the Add-On line is that the people standing in it don't represent  new money... Your bottles are already paid for, and you're not going to the bar. In other words, there's no incentive to let you in quickly. Avoid, avoid, avoid!
This place is a must go to in Vegas. This past summer alone, I've gone to Marquee (Day and Night club) more times than I can count...I'd have to say this place is one of the top clubs in Vegas. Dayclub is always poppin'..I even partied there despite the fact that it hailed once! The boombox is hands down my favorite room in Vegas. Best hip-hop spinningg at all times. I looove this place
INSANE!. I absolutly loved this club.! I go to Vegas every Halloween, it's turning into a tradition for me , big time. Halloween has always been my favorite holiday, being I am an October baby. Dress up, party with friends, haunted houses, etc I am a junkie for all of this.. So it would only be appropriate to venture off to Vegas yet again for Halloween weekend. A week before the trip I bought a pre sale ticket for Kaskade @ Marquee Halloween night. And thank godness for this . I was on it Halloweent night, I did NOT want to have to wait in any atrocious lines. . I actually went to will-call hours before the event, got my hard copy of my tick and I knew I would be G2G by the time I returned to party party.. And it sure paid off. I arrived with my friend and her bf around 10 pm. I strategically did not want to get there any later.. The set up is confusing. There are 3 or 4 different ways to get in .They sent me to the floor for presale. I literaly waited 5 minutes if that and I was in. Lost my friend instantly.This place is HUGE ... Its gorgeous inside of there and the audio system KNOCKS hard . . After being there an hour or so, my bf decides he wants to roll through ... he calls me when he arrives telling me the line was off the hook long like in the thousands damn near..... So I wont get into detail or blow our cover but I found a secret entry way up in this place. I was on a mission to get my bf in and I succeeded. Told him to meet me at this secret  location , he found me, we descended up some cutty stairs, him doubting ,me the whole time and BOOM I snuck my bf into Marquee =) I feel bad for all the people who said they had to wait for so long , because this sneak in was almost too easy. We had a great time , met a couple for down under and partied with them at their cabana. My bf isnt too into Kaskade so I ventured off alone to the dance floor when kaskade came on he threw it down.... . my biggest tip I guess for this club is buy presale ... and get there by 10pm.This isnt one of those vegas clubs where you can arrive at any hour and not have to stress about being able to get in, like PURE or something. In its hayday some of these still popular Vegas clubs were super hard to get into. But this is the new club and it supercedes anything else. I suggest wantickets.com , you can buy presale on there and you just go to will call and get your hard ticket. DOnt waste time in line .... time is money......... im in love with this place and I cant wait to return had the time of my life there !!!!!! =)
went there this past saturday to see Erick Morillo and it was sick.  we got there right around when they started letting people in and were some of the first people to get into the club.  buy presale tickets because you get in a special line that moves super fast.  our girls were on a guestlist and we got in at the same time as them and were literally in line for like 5 minutes. . . drinks are expensive to either take a lot of cash or be ready to make a tab if you are a drinker.  we pregramed like crazy before going in and as a group of 8 still spent close to $1000 on drinks at least.  no idea how much AMF's were as my friend treated me to them since it was my birthday, but vodka redbull was $17, shots of patron were like $18, shots of captain were $14 (i would never take shots of captain, but the chicks we met up with there wanted it so whatever lol). . the hip hop room is kinda small, but they play some good songs in there.  it gets packed, and my 1 complaint is that they did not play any LMFAO, but oh well, ill live.. . the main room which i guess is house is big, and that room gets pretty crowded too.  spent most of the night there and it was a blast.  the beats are good, and the vibe in there is really fun.  later when i was leaving i ended up in some other room that i have no idea what it was but that one seemed more house music and it was really packed in there.  when we first went into the club we went up to some room that had pool tables and overlooked the main dance floor and it was pretty cool there.. . from what i remembered, it was a great club, and from looking at the pictures on my camera of people i was taking pictures with, it must mean it was a great club.  ill be back there next month when i am in town again
I freakin love this place!!! It is immaculate in every sense of the word.  The main room hosts a huge dance floor and usually fabulous live DJs and music from artists like Deadmau5, Kaskade (I was there this weekend for his release party for Fire and Ice), LMFAO (gotta love my party rock Mondays for locals). . If you choose to go downstairs right from the entrance there's a smaller club that boasts Hip-hop music.  As you enter you'll see a big neon sign that asks "Down wit O.P.P." yeahyou know me!!. . If you choose to go upstairs, where the library is at, exists a more lounge chill scene, with a pool table places to cozy up and sit beside the fireplace and books.  The music up there is more classic R&B, which I dig.. . Outside where the day club is in the summer is open too as a mass dance floor with heating lamps to keep us warm in the winter and sometimes a separate DJ and music popping off too!  My friends got a cabana and table service outside before, I was impressed, very top of the line with the LCD TVs available, mini fridge and just overall service of the staff.. . Marquee has some of the NICEST bouncers and bartenders I've ever met.  For such an upscale place, their staff is very friendly and not dick-ish at all like you would assume to encounter.. . Nevertheless, I really enjoy going here on Mondays just to weed out most of the touristy crowds. The running up and down 7 flights of stairs is a pain in my ass, super long lines and waits, dumb tourists asking me questions about drinks and whether the wait is worthwhile, but with all that still one of my favorite clubs to go to.
I don't think I've had a more fantastic time in a club than I did this past Saturday night, with Kaskade on the deck at Marquee. Of course, this has to do with a lot more than just the nightclub itself - a number of drinks, great company, and connections that allowed for the skipping of the massive line were all pretty hefty contributions - but Marquee had just the right vibe and space.. Kudos to whoever designed the outdoor space: not only is it a pleasure to dance with a view of the surrounding hotels off of the terrace, but the lighting and layout is very well done. One can have a great time chilling in the Cabanas, and the table service seemed very efficient (and sexy). It was a friend's birthday, and the cupcakes provided by the club were delicious. Also, the music is just loud enough outside!. . Compared to the XS, which I went to the night before, the crowd was younger, more beautiful, and trendier. Of course this has a lot to do with the newness of the Cosmopolitan, the gorgeous bubblegum-esque interior decor, and that Kaskade was spinning. However it seemed like the entire hotel was designed with "young, trendy, and electronic" in mind. . When Kaskade came on, my friend and I made our way to the dance floor, partying with everyone we came across along the way. . The experience was absolutely surreal: the lights, KASKADE, the super-coordinated ballerinas dancing above him, and the fantastic music. If you need a breather, just go outside!. This is definitely the place to be as of 11/11/11 =)
Went to Marquee Club Last Friday for Pacman Fight weekend and I can honestly say this is the Best Night Club in Vegas....we were not on the Guest List so we had to wait in line but it wasn't that bad on a Friday night...Once we got in, it was all House Music which is my choice of music....EDX was spinning and Sound System was Banging... as for the Club itself, it had inside and outside Space...Inside Space had Go Go Dancers throwing free money to people and Several Bars, Outside Space has the Swimming Pools and Bars...The Ambiance was excellent....Bouncers were nice and the People in General were Cool..It's a Mix Crowd which is Good....Over all if you want to have a Nice Clubbing experience in Vegas, this is the Best Place to go.
I have to say, this is probably the best time I have had at a club ever. No drama, no BS, good crowd (for the most part), and the hip-hop room was on point. Lots of talent, too...lots...lots.
Can I just start off by saying I have an obsession with Marquee! As a fresh 21 year old as of july 2011 who has had a fake id since high school who has club hopped all over LA&LV, Marquee delivers everything I could possibly want in a club. The door policy outside to actually get in, the once you get pass that velvet rope feeling that your self-esteem gets, and the amazing DJ's that create the line-up every weekend at Marquee to represent the pull they have in the world. . . Let me just start out by saying that since July, I have stayed at the Cosmopolitan four times up until this point because I love it so much. Why you ask? Because it is a one stop shop. EVERYONE in Las Vegas wants to go to Marquee...the line to get in is ridiculous. I recommend knowing a promoter or befriending one because they make your life so much easier when dealing with this club in specific.. . Once you're able to get in, that velvet rope becomes your self-esteem booster, kind of like the mafia, once you're in, you're in. The main room is where you will find me. Right up against the DJ booth, whether it be Kaskade or Dirty South, the 40 ft LED screen behind the DJ booth with dancers prancing up above by a scaffold make Marquee something worth experiencing. . . House music is my life=&Marquee gives me everything I could possibly ask for in a club. You can feel the bass running through your veins as you walk in or by the main room. . . I highly recommend giving this club  a chance, because I promise you it will be worth it. The newest, hottest, and hardest club to get into in Vegas is worth giving a shot.. . Marquee is so pretty on the inside as well as the outside, by the pools is what I'm talking about. . . Anyone reading this...I cannot wait for Dayclub to reopen because I will be there...In  heartbeat.
My favorite club in vegas.  If you're a guy, go with a hot group of girls and pay $25.  If you're a girl, get in for free.  If you're ugly, buy pre-sale tickets.  These are the only ways to get in the club and I have no idea who would wait in the horrendous lines.. . There are different floors with different music.  Top floor is house.  Always a good mix of people there vs tryst (white), tao (asian), and XS (asian and armenian?). . best club in vegas, make sure to check out the secret pizza place after!!!
Marquee is AMAZING. I've been to this club several times and always had a great experience, but this last weekend I had an unbelievable time! From the moment we arrived at the cosmo til the moment we left we were treated like royalty.. . We arrived around ten and entered through the third floor VIP enterence. We planned on going in early to get stamped and head over to Haze for the open bar until Marquee started filling up. Once we got inside there was no need for this plan. there were 12 of us so we weren't sure if we'd be able to score a table but we were wrong! Within minutes a group of guys invited us over and the night took off from there. The table was located perfectly in the center of the club with a perfect view of the Dj. The ladies were on top of it with the bottle service. We danced on the tables all night and the staff even encouraged it.. . The first Dj (didn't catch his name) played a hybrid of top 40 and house music and really had the crowd going. Around 1am porter robinson took the stage and blew us all away. He rocked marquee with his energy..at least once or two per song the blowers and confetti went off. The light show was amazing.. .  Everything about this night was perfect. Even the bathrooms! When it was finally time to leave we were escorted into an elevator by the friendly staff and wished a good night. I've always said that Xs is my favorite club but after our experience this weekend marquee is moving into the number one spot.. . Xoxo blondie
This night club in the Cosmopolitan is seriously the business! They let us right in :) and the place is huge with two clubs inside. One was the liberty bar (i recommend this one) and the Boom Boom (the hip hop club) there also was the outside area with the pool. Very nice. First we went to the Liberty Bar and it was so packed and live in here. Very nice club with tables surrounding the dance floor and all the tables were filled with people and bottles lol. We met two different guys who asked us to join them at their tables and we did and had the time of our lives!! Me and my girls were a good group in Vegas LOL. The music here is mainly techno while the Boom Boom is all hip hop so after we were tipsty we headed over here to dance the night away. Wasn't really anyone at the tables besides two different parties and one guy asked me to join him at his table and i had a few more drinks, dance then left. The crowd is very mix and upscale so dress to impress. It was a great night and I will be back.
The BEST club experience I've ever had. Period.. . Thanks to @Nikkie_Marquee who hooked me and two friends up BIG TIME. We were there for Marquee Mondays with RedFoo from LMFAO, and, since we were on her list my two female friends had an hour open bar, and all three of us got in for free, yes, to Marquee Mondays which is usually $25-$35 even for girls.. . The club itself is huge and beautiful, filled with lots of pretty people. . . We stumbled up on a "library" and had our open bar session up there with the most attractive librarians I've even seen. Simply amazing.. . We then hung out by the pool area and ran into fake Steven Spielberg.. . The LMFAO show was absolutely mind-blowing. Cold fog, random exploding things and blow-up Zebras. It was Party Rock craziness to the extreme.. . Thinking of going to a club in Vegas? Is it Monday? Then head to Marquee, especially if it's a LMFAO set.
Hands down my favorite club on the strip.. . ME: I go out.... A LOT. I've been to every major club on the strip and then some. Marquee is as good as it gets. Luxurious, Fun, and the epitome of Las Vegas glitz & glamor.. . OVERALL: Marquee is certainly one of the largest clubs. There's the main room where the dj's/headliners perform, a large outdoor pool area, and a more relaxed upstairs area called the Library. There's a lot of room to move around and there are quiet spots where you can chill and have a conversation.. . WHY SHOULD YOU GO ? : This might just be the EDM snob in me, but Marquee always has the best line-up. Armin, Cosmic Gate, Above & Beyond, Aviici, Porter Robinson, the list goes on! You can always expect the best at Marquee.. . LINES: The line is slow-moving and packed. If you want in on the weekends, be sure to show up early and have a 1:1 or better ratio of girls to guys.. . TIPS: FRI & SAT have a very strict dress code for guys. No Sneakers No Polos. As cheesy as it sounds--dress to impress man.. . INDUSTRY: Mondays is Industry Night--Party Rock Mondays! All Locals Free. LMFAO is there every so often to party rock the place. Its basically a mini-rave. Dress however your heart desires!
[intro:  My first review in months!  I do hate writing in a non-chronological manner, but I've saved up maybe 60 or so reviews and I'm unable to access the pics I need to jog my memory.  So, I figured I'd just do a review of a club I hold dear to my heart.]. . You have to first ask yourself what you're looking for in a club:. - Cheap drinks? Try another place.  Or yelp a nearby casino that has good service if you play at their penny slots.. . - Whores? Hmm, try another club.  Not sure I can leave a tip on this review, or I may get flagged ;). . - A good time?  It's who you are and who you're with, not the venue.. . Well, I'm thinking too much on more things to check off the list, so without further ado, I will launch into my review of this fine hotspot.. . Marquee has done a great job of recruiting/stealing the top EDM DJs for events all throughout the year.  However, you'll only find some dancing space out in the patio area... or maybe a Monday night when its not Summer.  The main stage dance floor is usually packed, and you'll be bumping into people all night.  If you got 4-10k to shell out for a booth, then your girls will gain access to the platforms that line the perimeter of the main floor and divide the tables.  Someday.... . The patio area is cool too.  You can get some fresh air, and stare at the hot roulette table dealers, or the table runners.  There's also a big screen toward the back that displays the main stage DJ, so you can enjoy his awesomeness without getting elbowed in the head by an overly enthusiastic fist pumper.  (Yea, I'm kinda short, so this happens a lot).. . Expect long lines, as this is one of the hot spots.  BUT, if there's an event, pre-order your ticket online and get a wristband -- I got one that allowed access all throughout Labor Day weekend, and I went 4 nights in a row.  Ok, I didn't actually party hard every night -- I'd show up at midnight or so, and walked right in (no line with a wristband!).. . Did I mention the bouncers are nice?  I guess I was impressed that the guy addressed me as sir -- it's the little things!. . Oh, and one of those weekend wristbands will grant you access to the dayclub (pool party) too -- worth it's price if you go often.  Tip: If you ever wonder what the crowd is like, or the venue, just go on youtube.  Though it can't capture the great sound system they have.. . Last tip: for dudes without chicks, go EARLY, get in, then LEAVE (with a handstamp).  Head over to the not-so-secret pizza place, or do some gambling, before making a timely re-entrance when the girls are a little more loose.  Up the escalator, there is an entrance for re-entries only!
came back this past monday for the last party rock monday for the year, and i can just say simply that it did not disappoint.  sure it got super crowded, but what else would you expect.  there was a mix up with my promoter and getting us on the list which i thought was going to ruin the night because i thought they were going to make us go to general admission, but i showed the bouncer with the list my text messages with the promoter and he ended up comping my admission to get in for the mess up which was super cool.  girls got free drinks wristbands which were good for an hour, but the bartenders were fast so we ended up getting a lot of drinks.  a lot of the girls were dressed in the party rock attire and some of the guys were too, but i was a little annoyed because they were saying that the regular dress code would be applied but it didn't seem like it was so i felt a little out of place in slacks, dress shoes, button up, and tie, but oh well i still party rocked all night long.  staff was really cool and nice so i didn't have a problem with any of them.  this seems to be my go to club as it is the only one that i have been back to multiple times. . the one thing that still amazes me about here is that belvedere is their well vodka.  that still blows my mind, and then they ask if it is ok they are using it.  are you kidding, i thought you guys were going to use smirnoff or popov or something
what can i say, always have a blast here...=]
Absolutely love this club. . . The venue is very big and consists of outdoor, indoor, and 3 levels of dance floors. They play different music in each dance floor. House, HIp Hop, Top 40's. So you don't get tired of listening to the same crap the whole night. . . And they have a resting area that over looks the pool and the strip :). . I definitely recommend this place to everyone. . . I went this past labor day weekend and I guess that's one of the busiest weekends in Vegas and the admission for guys was about $50-100 and girls were $20-30. But I know on regular weekend nights its not as pricey. Girls are most likely to be free ;)
Still Love! Favorite Las Vegas club!
By far the hottest nightclub on the Vegas strip! Worth every dollar spent here!! . . Words cannot describe how awesome this place is! . . Add it to your bucket list!!
my previous review was strictly dayclub.. hands down THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFFE.. . the following is for the nightclub,. what does everyone look for in a nightclub? . 1. beautiful people of the opposite sex. marquee had some of the most beautiful women i've ever seen in a nightclub. the waitresses included, there are some BAD FEMALES in the area, please.. BE CAREFUL! unlike certain vegas clubs that have fallen off in the past, there aren't those weird middle-aged couples lurking around, or aging mr. rogers lookalikes rocking fake tans and ed hardy t-shirts with sunglasses on looking like they're gonna roofy the first 21 year old they see.. . 2. premier talent and slapping music. its amazing to see the transition into house, trance, electro, whatever-type music over the past few years. from bringing in hip hop artists now to some of the top DJs in the world.. they host dirty south, avicii, kaskade, ec twins, ATB, dash berlin, etc. etc... the creme de la creme!. . 3. a spacy, aired-out venue with solid vibes. table service here is solid, the waitresses are beautiful, friendly, and not too overbearing. they also provide security on your bottles and most table areas are closely guarded to warn off freeloaders!. the lower level has a full bar, a few tables, a dance floor, but the traffic is non-stop because of its proximity to the elevators. its the hip hop level. the middle level connects with the outside pool/cabana area and is where the nightly DJ will be spinning, and where you'll be spending most of your intoxicated evening. a circular dancefloor similar to XS, it gets damn crowded in there. there's two bars nearby, the bathrooms, and the connecting doors to the outside area. all blasting HOUSE HOUSE HOUSE! unce unce unce.. lastly, the third level is more a lounge type scene. billiards table, small bar, bathrooms, and more of a rock-ish vibe.. definitely an area to chill and converse with females earlier on in the night while you still have your dignity.. . 4. moderately priced, strong, alcoholic drinks! the other times i've been here the girls have gotten tons of free drink tickets, combine that with a massive pregame session and most of them gladly gave them to me because of their pathetic tolerances.. haha just kidding ladies! seriously though, at all of the premier clubs the prices are steep but most of the time they do use top shelf. don't order like an ass clown and tip generously and your 'vodka redbull' will come out with goose or belvedere instead of SKYY.. . 5. clean, open bathrooms without a long line. there are bathrooms on every level and the security is extremely strict. there's security inside, they can be seen peeking through the cracks a few seconds after  you enter to make sure no illegal activity is going on, shining their flashlights underneath the stalls patrolling around in pursuit of the super intoxicated, and keeping their eyes out for the mega-wasted. its tougher to get to the bathroom from the dancefloors because of the ultrapacked sardine-can like conditions inside.. but once you're there there shouldn't be a wait because the line of urinals is the longest in the city.. . . all in all, marquee is one of the newest clubs in one of the newest hotels in the state. arguably one of the best clubs in the nation, check it out and step your nightlife game up. i'll be back to cause more mischief.. SOONER THAN YOU THINK!
Marquee's reputation for being the #1 club in Vegas is no joke. Superb ambiance and great scenery. You will also find the hottest girls in the Milky Way here.. . It was $80 to see Kaskade for guys; the girls in my group got in free of charge because my friend knew a promoter.. . You have to see Marquee to believe the hype, though be prepared to be stuck in traffic if you are able to make it to the dance floor.
When can I go back?? . . Marquee is the BEST time that I've had at Vegas. Seriously, Hip Hop Floor. Doesn't get better than that. Yes yes, it's crowded but hip hop music in the vegas club scene is hard to find nowadays so once you find it, grab on to it for dear life. . . We also got free drink tickets left-and-right and even in line for the restroom. It was nice to have the option of going out on to the balcony and cooling off before diving back into the crowd again. . . Perfect for the young 20's crowd.
Best club I have ever been to Hands down!!! In order to get in you will need to get on the guestlist or come really early to get in line. Girls are 20 dollars and guys 30 depending on the night of the event. According to some guys on this night if you don't have girls with you expect to drop plenty of cash to get in or getting bottle service. . All the bouncers and bar tender were really friendly. The Dj is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! . Playing from top 40's, hip hop, a little of dub step, techno and some really good mixes. . . This place is HUGE 3 floors and alooott of stairs so be prepared to walk up and down alot. Use the Elevator on the second floor if your planning to leave to avoid the stairs on your way out. Second floor is the Best!!! I cant wait to come back for a special event, New years or Halloween. No wonder this club is #1 on Best Clubs in Las Vegas!! :)
Awesome nightclub in Vegas!. . My friend and I got in free because we got hookups with a promoter. They also had some special deal that night for free drinks for girls from 10-11pm - not sure how often they have this? It was the first and only time I'd gone to Marquee.. . I really like how they have multiple floors with different ambiances and music. We stayed on the main dancefloor the majority of the time. It was a lot of fun and the music was really good. The only downside was that sometimes I felt like I couldn't handle the intense strobelights hahaha I literally had to stop dancing for a few instances because the lights were so crazy. . . I would definitely come back when it's not so cold! I went during winter break so I didn't spend much time standing outside - but I imagine that when it's warm, lots of people stand outside because there is a beautiful view overlooking the strip.
Who: Marquee Night Club!  . . Where: Cosmopolitan. . What: Best Club in Town. . When: Monday Nights the best or weekend i guess.. . Why: Because they have a Boom Box Room that spins Hip Hop and not just ElectrotechnohouseRoboJobo like everywhere else. . How:  Get presale tix.  You have to be in shape to walk in this club.  You must drink before you get in. You must look your best and be on your best behavior.. . Marquee got the best club layout I've ever been to. I love the way its decorated and looks.  Bartenders Cool, DJ's Cool, Security Buttholes, Drinks too expensive, Layout is awesome!!!
MARQUEE NEVER FAILS!! After a year, it's still my fave nightclub in Vegas! :D. . Came here last Friday & Saturday night. Yes..twice in one weekend. We didn't mean for it to happen, but our Saturday plans got a little messed up, so we were left with Tao or Marquee again. Majority decided to go to Marquee again because it was Above & Beyond. I'm glad we went again. . . Music was good (especially on Saturday night!). House on the main floor. Hip-hop on the bottom floor. & more good music upstairs in the library :) Love that there's an outdoor table/bar area too on the main floor.. . Friday night, the girls were free & the 3 guys had to pay $30/each. Not bad..especially for Marquee.. . Saturday night, the girls were free & the 4 guys had to pay $70/each. Luckily, the girls are such great friends that we all pitched in so that the guys wouldn't have to pay it all themselves. Great friends huh?? Haha. Totally worth it though. . . We waited in the guestlist line, but it wasn't for very long. No complaints. . . One thing that I discovered for the first time this trip was their never-ending stairs to get out of the place. OMG, I thought my feet were going to fall off! I've never gone out of the club that way, but someone led us that way. BAD MOVE. Very dangerous...especially with drunk people..or even drunk girls in heels. We did that on Friday night. On Saturday night, I made sure that we didn't go out the same way...for everyone's sake, haha! We went out using the elevator..THANK GOD! . . Nonetheless, MARQUEE IS A DEFINITE MUST..if you're trying to go to a nightclub! :D
Best Club in Las Vegas. . Lines: If it's your first time the lines could get kind of confusing. I suggest going onto the Second floor in front of the Entrance there's usually a guy who's holding a Marquee direction pole. YES its a pole with Arrows telling you where to go, either your Guest list, All girls, Ticket Holders, or General Mission that sign will tell you where you need to go. The lines can get pretty long, so I suggest go early like 10-10:30 after that expect a wait. Wait time's can get to be over 2 1/2 hours I've even heard. They are very strict on the guy to girl ratio so 1:1 at least. . . Music: EDM, top 40. Marquee lives up to the name "Ibiza to Vegas" If you didn't know Ibiza is like EDM party central in Europe. Always the best line up expect nothing better than Marquee. Trust me Marquee never disappoints to put on a great show. . . Price: General Admission for guys is $70 and girls $30. So I advise you to either buy tickets early (which I've heard is cheaper) or have a promoter. Girls added to Guest list are free. Drinks are pretty pricy, for a crown and coke it was $14, but its Vegas what can you do.
As of 2/2012, this is the second newest club behind Light Group's 1OAK that replaced Jet at Mirage. I personally don't like Tao Nightclub, the same group that manages Marquee but this place is definitely amazing and is a standard of modern nightclubs anywhere else in the world should follow. I honestly take XS with a slight edge of this venue but Marquee is awesome because it has various dance floors, especially the downstairs area that plays hip hop music. . . The facility is clean and sophisticated and it's great even when it is not pool season because they usually open up the Dayclub area to give more space to the huge crowd that packs this place on weekends. What's also cool is they have a switch/sound board type setup outside to project live video footage of the DJ spinning on the main dance floor. . . As for the Dayclub, I did join a friend who had a cabana here last summer and this place was very clean and professional as well. Of course all the staff and almost all guests looked in great shape. . . I highly recommend hitting up this place if you want to see what one of the newest nightclubs in Vegas is like and if your music taste is both hip hop/top 40 or electronic dance music. To compete with XS's lineup, this club's 2012 residencies include Avicii, Kaskade, Benassi, R3hab, Chuckie, LMFAO and possibly some other good ones I left out.
Great venue!  I've been to Marquee several times, and I must say, it definitely grows on you and gets better each time.  The club is broken up into several different areas and dancefloors, which can be tricky if you have a big group, because it's easy to get separated, so make sure to have a spot to meet up if you get split up.. . The main dance floor can get crowded, but has great music, and leads right to an outdoor area where you grab drinks and mingle with the crowd.  The island bar is set up very nicely, making it is easily approachable on all sides so there isn't any pushing or shoving to get a round of drinks.  They have heat lamps every few feet as well so the girls don't get cold if you're there in the winter time.  There is a lot of space, so if you start feeling smothered by the dance floor, it's a nice place to take a breather and break up the crowds.. . The lines to get in can get long and cause a major headache, but re-entry is extremely fast and easy so I would recommend coming at 9, and getting stamps so you can pregame elsewhere and then hit the club later on when you're ready to go.  You can re-enter from the exit, and you literally just show them your stamps and you're back in.. . Bar prices are pretty standard as far as Vegas goes, and the decor and lighting at the venue are outstanding.  Definitely a place you have to check if you've never been, and a place to revisit after seeing what the other clubs have to offer.
This is a really well designed nightclub.  I would definitely go again even though it was expensive.  The outdoor area by the pool was heated and gave people a nice way to escape the crowd while still being able to watch the dj on the big screen tv.  This place handles large crowds very well.
This is definitely the best club I've been to in my life. Or maybe because i was there for KASKADE 3 times and ATB once. From oct 2011 to dec 2011 i went to vegas 4 times for Marquee Kaskade 3x and ATB once and all those times i was never disappoint. I love the house floor... Kaskade puts on a GREAT show and its worth watching. Those who don't like house end up enjoying the light shows, props, and his music. I paid $20 for the first two times and $30 for the last time. Kaskade's valuation definitely sky rocketed this year, he's just too good. The dance floor gets super packed, esp when the dj's come out at 1am. Be careful! BTW, if you're ever bored look at the floor and find random $20's laying around. I found money quite a few times. . . If you're sick of the house floor, just go down the stairs to HIP HOP! totallly different scene with a different crowd. . . If you need fresh air, step outside to the swimming pool. I like sitting on the side of the pool with a good friend and just chat. Good times.. . Tip if you want to save $ on alcohol: get in line for marquee early (no later than 9pm), get stamp, then go out and go to the store next to marquee (they sell bottles), and reenter the club. We bought hennessy for less than $40 for both of us and red bull. We made our way to the chandelier bar right outside of marquee and just pregamed there. We didn't even finsih our bottle and shared shots with other people at the bar. It was fun socializing and getting  drunk before we went back in the club.  So we pretty much spent $20/person on Hennessy and met dope locals and LA kids. . . Another tip, impossible to get in during big events (kaskade, etc) if you either don't have a hotel guest key (cut the line to the front), no bottle service, no presale tickets, or you're not on guestlist, you probably won't get in. SO figure a plan before you go! other than that, don't waste your time.
All these people crying about not getting in/waiting/overpriced booze/etc.... . . You have to pay to play!. . This club brings in the big boys of EDM!  Atmosphere is great, could be a hassle to get in.  I've been here about 4 times and 2 of those times were VIP, about $6k the first time and $5k second time.  It's much better if you have a few friends you can split the cost with, and its totally worth it simply for the real estate you get as this club can and usually does get PACKED!. . SO, is it expensive?  OF COURSE!. . Does it regularly bring in mega names (Above & Beyond, ATB, Gareth Emery, Ferry, Benny, etc...) with Kaskade as resident DJ?  YES!. . Does it have mermaids?  Believe it or not, YES!  (summer time only people, common sense right?). . Overall: The premiere club in Vegas at the moment!
5 stars because Marquee brings in really great talent and they keep things interesting. I came on a Saturday and the following Monday and they had slightly different decoration changes. Their "go-go dancers" behind the main DJ booth are always dressed in something Lady Gaga would wear which makes it fun and artistic and opposed to watching someone shake their butt around but they have those too. It's nice that they have a hip hop room for the non-electronic music folk. But do those kind of people even exist anymore? . . Cons? As you can read from the other reviews, it gets REALLY packed. Arrive 10pm if there's big name talent. You might still have to stand in a bit of a line. And you want to get into the little center space in front of the DJ before 11pm. But once you're in there, good luck trying to get out. Don't they have fire-safety rules for capacity?! . . Overall, drinks are standard vegas prices. The cabanas look nice and really expensive. . . I would definitely be back here to experience the day club. However, as for the night club; unless the talent draws me here, I'll probably be going to other "upscale nightclubs".
Just because I got VIP treatment. ;). . This nightclub has tainted all the other nightclubs that I will ever go to.. . 1. three floors with three different types of music. 2. damn it really did taint all of my nightclub experiences... . This place left me speechless. I hate it.
Pros:. -Great stage, sound system was amazing. -Alot of security, only saw one argument and security handled it quickly. -Alot of go-go dancers, seemed like each table had one. -Bathrooms were clean. -Had alot people photographers taking pictures. -Alot of tables and servers. -Staff was really friendly, expect the guestlist attendant, he was kind of rude from the start and told us we weren't on the guestlist when we were added on it by an employee, had to pay $25 for girls and $30 for admission. -Go-go dancers came around several times selling delicious shots. -Hotel guest have a shorter line. -Beautifully decorated club. -Great resident DJs like Red Foo, Chuckie, Kaskade and others. -Voted number one club in America by DJ Magazine. . Cons. -Coat check $5. -$8 Coronas. -Only place to sit was in the VIP section. -HUGE lines to get in. . This is my favorite by far, I will definitely be coming back here again on my next Vegas visiti heard there Dayclub is really good too soo ill be checking that out as well.
Ok, so this place is supposedly the newest and hottest club on the Vegas strip.  AND... yes it is!  I'm not gonna lie but it's pretty awesome.  There are three different sections of the club.  There's the library room which is located upstairs, then there's the main room which is the main dancing area, and then the outside balcony area.  This place gets really crowded and the demographic of this club is a mixture of everything.  The line is too crazy to be in unless you know someone or you're buying a table then you don't have to be in the crazy line.. All I can say is if you're not prepared for the typical Vegas and can't have a good time no matter what happens, then don't even try to enter in Marquee.  Marquee is still new and the hype is still going on which makes a hit and miss experience for anyone.
Odd convoluted stair entry, but the elevators were open at the end of the night.. . But to keep it short: PHENOMENAL stage, sound, venue, decor, everything. One of my favorite clubs in Vegas, no doubt. Loves it. Always have a damn good time, and I always wake up the next morning like, "That was a damn good night!"
my song of the month has been feel so close by calvin harris.. . as soon as i walked in, it's like the dj knew.  needless to say, i didn't even get to make it to the bar cause my ass walked straight to the dance floor to get my groove on.  a good way to start the night.. . as you all know, vegas clubs get crowded as shit.  and even with getting on the guestlist there is gonna be a short wait.  it was NUTS.  so packed i was getting pushed around like a rag doll.  but the music just gets you through it all.. . they have the main floor, and the library where they play billboard 40's music.  less crowded than the main floor but still rowdy as hell.. . marquee seems to have a good list of dj's performing every weekend.  i believe kaskade and tiesto will be there the next two weekends.. . i love the outdoor patio.  you get to inhale massive second hand smoke but don't even realize the harm cause everything's so pretty and white,and shiny, and etc.. . the only downside is how incredibly packed it gets.  it gets so packed that once you leave the dance floor you're not guaranteed to get back onto it cause the bouncers block you off.. . price wise, it was 25 for the guys to get in which was cheaper than the 40 the guys paid last time.  i bought a round of 6 patron shots and bill came out 84. pretty normal for vegas or for shots i guess.. . i can not wait to go back in two weeks!
It takes a lot to impress me about a night club. The women, the structural layout, the liquor, the music, the go-go dancers, [no homo] even the bouncers, etc. You name it, I will scrutinize it. . . Guess what ladies and Gentleman? This place has it all! It has passed my litmus tests with Flying colors. The dance floor is humongous, and if you run out of room you can get your groove on in the pool area. Damn that pool area is big too. It was so glamorous, I felt like skinny dipping in front of everybody and I was barely buzzed!. . Drinks weren't too bad, about what you'd expect for a club in Vegas. . . I walked up in here feeling like a BAWSE (say it like Rick Ross), hell even the ladies gaveme play that night. White women, Asian women, Hispanic women, African-American women. Damn I felt like I was ambassador to the United Nations. . . Ok back to this, if you've never gone here, go! Great Casino and great CLUB!
Over 60,000 square feet of pure fun and entertainment. You cannot roll to Vegas and not go to Marquee. I spent most of the night poolside enjoying perfect Vegas weather, but did grace the hip hop room with my presence ( two floors down). I don't think you can get through this entire club in one night.... But then again if you are with the right people or meet the right crowd, why would you need to?
Came here for Above and Beyond a while ago. My sorority sisters and I got approached by a promoter asking if we liked trance music...hell yea we do. Well are you ladies interested in getting on the guest list for Above and Beyond....HeLLs Yeaaaa!! We were sooo stoked to see them and best of all for free! When we got there we definitely had to wait in line for a bit, but got there early enough that we could get in before A&B even came on. The outside of the club was gorgeous. Dance floor kinda sucked, but some how the big shot caller of the Cosmo had his VIP front and center of the stage at eye level with A&B, which we got invited into..hellssss yeaaaa! It was awesome we got invited in because best view of the DJs and free water and draannnkk.. This was my only experience at the club, and probably one of the bests.
Hands down my favorite club in Las Vegas. I love the indoor/outdoor option, VIP tables are great here, but the best part is the energy. This club has a great energy to it like non other. The music is always top-notch, better than anywhere else, and the effects with lighting and confetti really add to the excitement. I can't wait until the next visit to Marquee! It's hard not to pull an all-nighter when going here.
I was here a few weekends ago for my birthday and let me say Marquee definitely offered up the experience I expected when I thought of Vegas! There are a few things that stuck out to me based off of my experience, the Library atop the club is a amazing little area that I enjoyed before going down and dancing the night away to Dash Berlin who was there performing.  After Dash's performance we headed outside for a little bit and the view is amazing, the amount of pools and private tables is INSANE! I want to go back during the day to experience a different side of the club. Highly recommend if you are looking for a great party atmosphere plus time, definitely recommend getting a table or going with someone you know though. If you don't, you will probably be stuck in line all night with a chance of not getting in at all.
Hottest club in Las Vegas now. I love the DJ's and the energy that's there. You have the option to be inside or outside. It's wonderful! Guys beware if you're going without girls be prepared to pay a premium or go super early.. . Hint, if you're staying at Cosmo you get a different line to get in and it's a little bit cheaper.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Came here when Kaskade was dj-ing during Halloween weekend and he tore the place up! I loved the dancers up top shaking their thang and when you go outside away from the main room there was hip hop playing, so you take your pick on Music preference. There are multiple bars and the bathroom was huge and beautiful!
One of the best nights in Vegas iv'e ever had!! I can't say anything else everyone else on here hasn't said already! It's a must go in Vegas!
I have been to Marquee twice and it's official I love this place! . . This place is amazing for two reasons! One the Dj's/Artists that have residencies here are at the top of their game! KASKADE, SANDER VAN DOORN, ABOVE AND BEYOND, ATB, ARMIN VAN BUUREN, AVICCI... FREAKEN HIT AFTER HIT AFTER HIT! . . Not to Mention this place is beautiful! There are so many places to explore and venture into. The Library, the Outside Patio, the Pool, the Hip Hop Room, the Main room etc. . . The only reason why people would write a terrible review about this place is because they are . . A. bitter people, . . OR  . . B. Don't know how to do Vegas the right way. . . OR . . C. Both. . ***Here are a few things to help you avoid a bad time at Marquee.  . . 1.)  If you are not of Female gender then BUY Your tickets PRE SALE! Get to the club RIGHT at 9pm! Get your stamp and go back to your room to pre party! Otherwise, you will shoot yourself in the face! I mean it! I saw some body bags.. . 2.) If you are going to the hip hop room make sure to give it a chance by passing the bar. It's literally insane but once you get to the dance floor I assure you there is room to groove.. . 3.) If you want to see the headliner get there early!!!! Don't move from the middle unless you absolutely need to pee! . . This place is amazing the poolside has a bunch of seated planters you can sit on. In my opinion you really don't need a table. If anything make friends and join other people's table. . . I have never personally been here during the day but I can only imagine it's insane! (Insane in the best way possible!)  . . Oh as for the crowd... the crowd is whatever. You really go for the music. I live in L.A. I usually go to places for the vibe and the people. Majority of the people are all music lovers too. Honestly, it's just your typical LV crowd. . . What you see is what you get with Marquee! If you watch youtube videos it's almost the exact same thing... well even better! . . Their set designers are the cream of the crop! At Marquee you get bubbles, confetti, money (It was weird when the EC twins made it main on my face WTF?!) hahaha but whatever, lights, performers (Medina) was the SH*T!!!!, smoke, lasers, acrobatics, geeze the list goes on and on. As Mentioned before HIT AFTER HIT AFTER HIT! . . . Thanks guys! I'll be back.
This is by far the best club in Las Vegas. They have the best DJ's and one of the best lighting and sound systems I have ever seen in danceclub. Many will say it's the best in North America.. . Regarding the complaints about long lines, being tooled around by bouncers, hating the stairs, having nowhere to stand/dance,etc. ***Solution, step up your game and pay for bottle service. Having your own real estate keeps the ratty people away and is just way more fun in general.  If someone invades your personal space you can have security remove them from your area. At $15-20 a pop for cocktails at the bar, if you drink like me, you will end up spending almost as much money as if you had just split a bottle with a friend. And yes buy purchasing a table you will avoid the lines and being treated like an undesirable in Las Vegas. . . It's amazing to me that people even put up with waiting in line for 3 hours and pay up to $100 in cover charges just to get into the club to be hearded like cattle and have nowhere to sit down. Time in Las Vegas is too short to waste your entire night just to save a few bucks.. . Looking forward to the Dayclub grand opening with Avicii. Will be an excellent way to kick off pool season.
This is hands down, the best club I've ever been to.  What an amazing vibe.  . . Star 1.)The fact that there's a hip hop room is amazing.  Sometimes I want to take a break from the whole fist pump and shuffling scene.  The music is awesome.  The Dj's rock out.. Star 2.)  Being set in the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel, smart move.  I am wowed during my stroll to this club.  The decor is so extravagant it really is breathtaking.. Star3.)  The crowd is extremely sexy.  I really have to be on my A-game here.. Star4.)  The lines move fairly quick.. Star 5.)  The drinks are epic and the bartenders aren't stingy. . The dayclub is also awesome and a must-see experience as well!. For what's it worth, I will be back here as soon as I have more $$$ to blow.  I am guaranteed a night to remember whenever I frequent this place!
I remember when this club first opened in 2011, and it still is probably the best club to spend your time at when you're visiting the City of Sin.. . Try to get in touch with a promoter to get in, especially if you're a girl. They can usually get in one guy for every girl on the guest list, but guys usually have to pay a small cover unless you get some VIP passes (you have to find the right promoter for those).. . Not only is this place HUGE (it's a 3-story club set up like a bunch of small clubs connected by stairwells and hallways, it almost feels like you're club hopping) but the greatest talent always comes through here every weekend. Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and even some Monday nights are always popping with the hottest DJs in EDM.. . I've seen ATB, Kaskade, Above & Beyond, Markus Schulz, & Gareth Emery here, and for all these DJs, the best sets I've seen from them are at this venue (and I've seen these DJs multiple times at multiple venues).. . The headlining DJ doesn't even come on 'til 1AM, so you're always guaranteed a late night out every time you're at Marquee. I gotta say, the greatest feeling is closing out Marquee at 6AM and walking out onto the strip into the unforgiving Las Vegas sunrise.. . The main dance floor is definitely my favorite place to be, but get on it early because it usually closes off around 11PM - 12AM. The bigger the DJ, the earlier the dance floor closes.
To get to the point, Marquee is the best club in Vegas, hands down.  There is, however, a lot of bads things associated with Marquee, but those things are generally associated with all of the big clubs in Vegas, and are problems deeply rooted in the Vegas clubbing culture as a whole.. . The lines here are LONG.  And by long, I mean a multiple hour wait to get in on a big night, such as when Kaskade is playing.  The best way to beat this? Figure out when you want to, keep an eye on their event calendar, and buy tickets early (especially if you're a guy).  Ladies, you can press you luck with guestlist, but guys, you are SOL unless you are best friends with a host or promoter (and in the case, you probably aren't looking to yelp for clubbing advice), so just buy a presale and skip the main line (head to the 3rd floor to a shorter ticketed entry line).. . Security here sucks big time - they are pushy (literally), rude, and treat everyone like they are the world's biggest inconvenience, no matter how polite you are to them.  . . The main dancefloor is way too small for the talent they bring in and the amount of people (6000+ on a good night) that come through this club.  Thankfully, the weather is normally nice in Vegas, so the outside pool area is generally open and a nice place to chill out when you're tired of being ground on by drunk 20-something's from LA.  . . The bar service, despite how crowded Marquee can get, is generally great - the bar staff is always friendly and drinks, while expensive, and poured liberally (so tip well!).. . So, it might sound like Marquee has a lot stacked against it, but it's all made up for by one thing: THE MUSIC.  If you're an EDM junkie like myself, Marquee is heaven on earth (aside from possibly Ibiza).  The sound (provided by a top of the line Funkton-One sound system), the lights, the lasers, the CO2, the dancers, the LED screen, and everything that goes into the production of a show here is top notch, not only for Vegas, but for clubs around the world (fun fact: DJ Mag recently listed Marquee as the top club in North America, and the 11th best club IN THE WORLD after only 12 months of operation).  . . With the incredible production value here, you could pump Raffi records though the speakers and it would be awe-inspiring, but there is no need because Marquee consistently brings in some of the biggest DJs in the world every Friday and Saturday - Armin van Buuren, Chuckie, Kaskade, ATB, Above & Beyond, Sander van Doorn, Dash Berlin, Dirty South, Ferry Corsten - the list, which reads like the DJ Mag top 100, goes on and on with top tier talent.  And, for those of you who are coming from out of town to see DJs, Marquee mosts close to a dozen regulars/resident DJs, meaning you have more than one opportunity to catch your favorite DJ if you happen to miss them during your trip.  . . So, if you're serious about clubbing, electronic music, and having your mind absolutely blown away between 10pm and 4am, get in line early and check out Marquee.
I've been to The Cosmopolitan several times since it's opened, either to have drinks at The Chandelier or eat at one of the restaurants; each time I noticed how chaotic the scene outside Marquee was.  Seriously, once there was a line that seemed to be a mile long, going down to where the giant stilletos are.  I always wanted to check out the club, but could not imagine standing in line for an hour plus, in heels, then have to pay some ridiculous cover.. . Hands down, number one, best way around this?  Bottle service.  Yes, I know the litany of reasons why bottle service seems dumb, i.e., it's an obscene amount of money for a bottle that you can buy at the store for a fraction of the cost and feeds into the crazy Vegas club culture that allows the clubs to charge an arm and a leg.  . . I don't care about being front and center, but bottle service means no line, no wait, no cover, and premium real estate, i.e., a place to dance with no pushing, elbows, being stepped on, or drinks spilt on me.  But best of all, it means a place to sit down when the song sucks, my feet start hurting or I just need a moment to relax.  To me, bottle service (albeit, split among friends) is worth it every once in a while, and especially at the current hot spot like Marquee. . . So under this context, Marquee was AWESOME!!!  My group got in as soon as we got to the entrance, and were whisked up right away.  (No line, no wait, no cover.)  The service was amazing.  Our hostess was really nice and friendly, was constantly by, and danced with us.  The bus boy was also super attentive, quickly clearing away glasses, cleaning the table, replenishing the ice, and reorganizing the mixers.  (Seriously, I think he replenished the ice like ten times.)  The security guards were also cool guys.. . We were in the hip hop room; the DJ was pretty good and spun a mix of current hits and throwbacks.. . The only downside was having to walk down the stairs to leave, but it is not uncommon at Vegas clubs (e.g., Tao, Lavo).  Seriously, I have to imagine that people eat it on the stairs pretty frequently, but I digress.  . . Overall, I had a blast at Marquee.  I don't know if it was the club, the ambiance, the music, the bottle service, my company, or a combination of all of the above, but it was one of THE best times I've ever gone out in Vegas.
This was my second time here.  I had to come here one more time before I could give it a review since I was only there for about an hour due to a friend passing out because she had a little too much to drink.. . I have to say that this is "THE PLACE TO BE" in Vegas right now.  My friends and I had a great time.  We arrived around 11PM and got right in with tickets.  If you're a guy, which the six of us were, BUY TICKETS, you won't have to pull girls from the lobby or line in order to get in and have to pay the same amount you would if you had bought tickets, plus you won't have to wait in line for an hour.  Also they no longer have you climb four flights of stairs, you take the ELEVATOR NOW!. . I thoroughly enjoyed the music and the people there.   There were a lot of ladies there and the majority of them were very down to earth and not too standoffish from what I remember, but then again I was very drunk.  The staff there was also very accommodating.  As I mentioned I was very intoxicated and was stopped by a bouncer and told I would have to leave, I asked for his supervisor.  I spoke with the supervisor, or head bouncer, or whatever his job title was, I informed him that I was there to have a good time and promised not to vomit on, or punch anyone in the face.   He told me to continue to party, drink water, and go about my merry way. I obliged and continued to dance.  About 10 minutes later I was stopped by another bouncer and asked to leave due to my level of intoxication; I again spoke with the supervising bouncer and informed him I had been following his prescription of water.  He was very understanding and polite from what I remember, and sent me on my way once again.  We then danced the night away until 4 am.. . It does get pretty packed as the night goes on, and they won't let you on the dance floor, but I'll give you a tip if this happens.  Wait for a bouncer to get preoccupied talking to, or chasing off a drunk individual, then slip by him onto the dance floor!
WOW! That is all I can say!!!. . I recently attended a private event here, the AJA VIP party, during NAB 2012 and had an amazing time. I arrived two hours late and the whole place was packed already. There were people everywhere.. . I now had the challenge of finding all of my crew. I started collecting them one by one like a mother hen looking for her baby chicks. I established an area outside in front of the pool. Close enough to enjoy the DJ inside but not close enough to have to yell until my voice was horse.. . The outdoor pool area is incredible. Yeah I know it is a pool by day but I've never seen it under the sun so it's all new to me! There were elevated cabanas with private hot tubs and cascading water falls. I made a loop to check it all out.. . I also found that the bar behind the pool way in the back was a little less crowded, so I decided to stock up on my vodka on the rocks. I just needed two until I decided to hit the road back to my hotel.. . As we were leaving we got stuck just staring at the DJ. He was rocking the room unlike any DJ I've ever seen before in all of my years on the clubbing scene. In fact, two things kept us locked there in a trance. First he was in this set where he kept slamming songs every 20 to 30 seconds and this went on for over 30 minutes. He was also covering music over a 30 year period and the crowd was just dancing there hearts out. The second thing was the giant light wall behind the DJ it was a show all by itself. My favorite was when it would go full bright lights and all you could see was the DJ's black silhouette standing there. I still have no idea how he could see any of his music!. . Yeah this club is worth it for a fun time. I'm coming back here Vegas. I also recommend if your a company and looking to throw the corporate event of the year in Vegas then this is the place to do it!
Marquee is truly the place to be in Vegas.  The crowd is great and the music, visual and physical effects they have on the dance floor is outstanding.  The prices for drinks were "Vegas" prices but what do you expect, you're at the hottest club in Vegas.  We had a group of twenty,  comprised of fifteen girls and five guys.  The guys had to pay a cover of $45 which was well worth the experience you will have at Marquee.  If you go, (why wouldn't you) make sure you hook up with a promoter and get on some sort of a list.  If you don't, you will be sitting in that line FOREVER.  . . Tip for the women dressed to impress.  We had to make the infamous treck up the stairs which generally isn't an issue for the guys but some of the girls were starting to feel it at the end because of their heels.  SUCK it up and get it done because the trek is well worth it and pain is only temporary.
I hosted a bachelor party and we went to Marquee twice that weekend. We saw Gareth Emery (4/20) at the Nightclub and then went to the Dayclub opening for Avicii (4/21) and had the best time I've ever had in Vegas.. . Gareth Emery-Amazing set. We had a tier 2 table for 3k miniumum dead center, 1 row from the dance floor. Usually goes for 5k or more. Once we got there, they bumped our minimum to 4k due to demand. I did not like the increase but it's Vegas and we were still getting a deal so I went ahead and paid the difference. It was totally worth it. Glad we did not bounce and go to XS (aka the club run by the "foot clan" that asks for 400 dollar host tips to sit your party on a table the size of a bar stool...i could go on and on).. . Around 4:30 AM....Right after ordering a $1100 magnum of champagne to finally hit our minimum, Gareth Emery was tearing it up so hard that I decided to climb on top of our booth, which is about  5 ft up, to "fist pump" like a d bag (not recommended). At the time, I was a pretty hammered to say the least. I did not realize how slick the bottom of my loafers were and slipped and  fell off the booth and smashed 6 or so glasses of champ and the bottle.  Holy balls--this shit never happens to me.... Before I could realize what happened, the security team came in "red team go" style, picked me up, and took me to a back stairwell.  At this point, all of my party swore I was going to jail. And they continued to rage like I would have wanted them to when spending 4k plus tax plus tip.. . Not so fast... Once in the back stairwell, I realized they had brought me to a medic instead of beating my ass or taking me to jail.   The medic was super nice and she cleaned my wounds, made sure I was okay, and then sent me back to the show to continue domination. My buddy's were like "They were saying we gotta get this guy back out there!!" No where in Vegas would I have been treated this well. I can say say that if i had just paid cover like many I would have been bounced in a heartbeat  but the security at Marquee takes care of the those that spend an arm and a leg to party. The club finally shut down at 6am and those in my party still rocking and I headed back to get some sleep before the Avicii party opened at 10 am.. . The opening of the Dayclub was the highlight of everyone's trip. We got up at 9:30am and headed straight to Marquee so we wouldn't get caught in the bottle service lines like everyone else.  . . One of the hottest DJ's in world (Avicii), plus a cabana, plus the best looking people in Las Vegas. Service was again top notch and our cabana was filled with Marquee and Avicii paraphernalia to wear or to pass out  The food is actually pretty good as well and goes towards the minimum spend. If you are going to spend the 5k to get set up in a cabana right in front of the stage then they will make sure you have the best time of your life. . Since i'm a Dallas Cowboys fan, I drunkenly decided to tell that to D'Angelo Hall (who had a day bed right in front of us) that I am a cowboys fan and the Redskins suck.  Lucky for me, he was more interested in getting booty thank kicking my silly ass. I wasn't trying to start shit although i am not sure what i expected to happen by opening my mouth to a pro bowl athlete.  The vibe is really good though.. Nobody was trying to start fights or piss each other off (except me apparently?). . Recommendation, do not go out after the dayclub--you will be inihilated and spend every dime you have.  Going to the Dayclub is a weekend worth of Vegas fun wrapped into 8 hours by the pool.. . I will be back as soon as I can afford to do it right.  I will never go here without at least a daybed so i can have a home base and have somewhere to put my wallet,flip flops,etc.. . Check it out!
Best Day AND Night club on earth. Yeah the staff may be rude, the waitresses b*tches, and the bar-tenders ignore you - but this probably has something to do with you being a tool tobegin with, as I didn't experience this to the level that so many claim.. . The DJ line up, day AND night that they bring in is just insane. International DJ's from every corner of the globe is their specialty,  My wife and I especially enjoy the Day Club, as the sound system is great, day-beds comfortable, and atmosphere under the desert sun just divine.. . It also helps that this venue is plugged in the center of the best resort in Las Vegas (The Cosmopolitan).
My fave!! The best day & night club in Vegas!! Great music & DJs!
This is now my favorite nightclub on the strip. The music is good and many notable DJ's spins here. We had Avicci our weekend and we all know how bad ass he is. House and Trance is what's hot now and that is what Marquee offers. It's the hottest day/night club at the moment in Vegas which means beautiful people that comes with it. Marquee in the Cosmopolitan resort is a 60,000 square foot venue with three different rooms that plays different music but mainly electronic.  . . I strongly recommend getting a table if you have a large group. We had a group of 10 dudes and got a table right inside the entrance between the main dance floor and pool area. It was a good spot where the DJ was clearly visible and also the breeze that came in from the pool area. If you don't get a table, the wait can be hours in line depending who is spinning that night. . . The place is jammed pack meaning shoulder to shoulder when the DJ comes out, which is around 1am. This is where having a table comes in handy. Waiting at the bar to gets drinks during this time is almost impossible with all the shoving and drunks. The decor is very modern with a purplish theme to it. It's a perfect vibe to get your drink on and party! People here are friendly and attractive from the party goers to the employees. I had no issues at all through out the whole night and had a blast.
Came here a couple weekends ago for a bachelor party we came for the night club and the day club on different days.  Both got bottle service and our waitresses were awesome. Always refilling our drinks with a smile!  Had a great time here!  Cant wait to go back :)
Dayclub Review. . Fantastic time.  I came here on a bachelor party and we all had an absolute blast.  we ended up getting two day beds right next to pool.  talk about a perfect spot.  was it expensive?  no doubt, but i can't imagine doing it any different.  . . the service was fantastic.  we were greeted by the host i reserved the day beds under.  the wait staff was awesome as expected when you shelling out that kind of scratch.  . . the crowd was great.  it filled up to capacity by 12, so get there early to lay claim to a spot if you don't do table service.  the house DJ that day was playing some great music. . . Marquee is a definite must, IMO.
Marquee, I still love you so! Library gets way too crowded so avoid it! My new love of Marquee is during the day! The dayclub is AMAZING. Wonderful slushie drinks (red bull vodka and frozen lemonade OH EM GEE). Music is good and much easier to see the dj....can't go wrong with gorgeous ladies and men walking around half naked, extra bonus that the employees are all gorgeous as well. Gogo dancers include contortionists (WOW!) What I love most though is the.... . FOOD FOOD FOOD!!! Everything looked drool-worthy! I couldn't resist and got the Nachos. Wooooooow....mound of tortilla chips with heaps of well marinated, juicy chicken, and melted cheese. Yummy peppers to munch on and sides of spiced sour cream and salsa. Worth the money! We split between three and couldn't finish! . . I'd consider going back to the dayclub just to eat lunch...
I fucks with Marquee. The line was long, my feet were hurting but once you get on that elevator...It's all worth it! The club is beautiful and the Hip Hop ROOM is POPPIN!! I love the flip flops after the night was over that the security guys handed out!! Bless you Security GUYS!!!
They gave out flip flops to women when you left the club! GENIUS!!!  After a night of dancing this made my gf and I VERY happy!!! (except you get creepy guys w/ feet fetishs lurking around) We were able to skip getting a cab and walked back to our hotel.. We had a good time here. It was the only cover we paid our whole trip ($30) so we didn't complain too. The club is very spacious. As usual in a club the music was loud and pumping but you can escape that by enjoying the outdoor space. Unfortunately it wasn't until we were almost ready to leave that we learned there was a hip hop room on a lower level. . I'd have no problem going back here and would recommend.
OMG. I love you marquee. I had the most amazing New Years because of this damn place. All I can say is thank god I was wearing comfortable shoes because Kaskade had me groovin' all night. All I remember was dancing up against the speakers in pure bliss. Oh yeah and the crazy light shows hah! Left the club at like 6 AM and this place was still going off. Good stuff.
As someone who's gone to Vegas at least 10 times, I can tell you that the hottest club in Vegas tends to change from year to year.  So, I'll preface my review by dating this review circa June 2012.. . That being said, Marquee is the hottest club in Vegas, and possibly the United States.  I went here for the first time last summer for a friend's bachelor party and I went back again this past weekend when I made my return to Sin City.  The club is amazing.  The huge open pool area with cabana tables surrounding it is the best day pool club in the city.  It's also a very nice place to party and gamble in the evening at the night club.  Just inside the doors from the pool area is the electronic room...and as a big fan of EDM, I can say this room is incredible.  Huge screen behind the DJ booth including a catwalk featuring go-go dancers.  Luscious tables surrounding the dancefloor and plentiful bars for alcohol.  And then lastly, downstairs from all the hoopla is the hip hop room and the music here is just as bumping as it is upstairs in the larger rooms.. . If you are a fan at all of night clubs, pools, music, fun, girls, guys, gambling, and life in general....you need to go to Marquee.
Went here for the first time last year in May (2011). The first night we were there it was just 3 of my girlfriends and myself, we loved the different rooms that they offered and the pool patio area was gorgeous too! Later in the evening the promoters that helped to get us in had us go to the owners table for the rest of the night! It was so fun! We ended up going back the next night with some of our other friends and it was still fun, but with Kaskade performing it was completely packed! So hard to move around.. its an absolutely beautiful club though! I will definitely be back when I head to Vegas again this year for the 4th of July!!
I love love love this place, its a must go and Lisa Pittman is the bomb.
Was staying at the Cosmopolitan and went here on a Thursday morning to start off my friend's bachelorette party.  Getting a comped grand cabana definitely aided my fun at this place.  But it didn't take long to blow through our free tab.  Drinks are crazy expensive, as they are at every pool on the strip.  Not super crowded, but it was a Thursday.  . . For those who haven't been, this is a really small  pool but it is very beautiful and the service was always excellent.  The grand cabanas have their own private jacuzzi (not heated because not needed), couches, a refrigerator stocked full of tons of non-alcoholic beverages (i.e, redbull, coconut water, water).  Can only imagine what the going rate is, but if your group is big enough or rich enough, it would be worth it.  . . Even with the set-up, I still enjoy the Boulevard Pool more.  A few free chairs, some regular folks.  What can I say?  I'm laid back like that.  And Boulevard Pool has shuffleboard!  Was kind of suprised that the only hot guys or girls were the service staff.  Kind of strange for Vegas, but again, Thursday!
Always featuring and headlining some of the top international DJ's, Marquee never fails to give you a good night out. With multiple levels of dance floors, you can choose where to make a fool of yourself and where the debauchery begins. . . Upon entering Marquee Nightclub, they take you up an elevator to the top floor where the main stage is. The outdoor patio is stunning and definitely makes you feel like you're in paradise. . . As opposed to the other floors, I only remember going to the music box which is mainly hip hop and feels like you are literally jammed in a box. Still fun, nonetheless. . . The crowd is usually pretty young (20's to early 30's). Marquee has also started becoming more and more crowded as of late. Not good when you have to have that many people crawl down those flights of stairs.... . The drinks are always expensive as expected! Expect to pay $13-18+ tip per drink if you're getting thirsty.. . For Marquee Dayclub, I've always had a great time as well. It's pretty much the same except everyone is in bathing suits and you have a clearer view of who is hitting on you. For girls, they sometimes have open bar specials (Sorry boys). Day drinking at its best.. . Swim during the day, rage at night. Woohoo!
Stopped by Marquee for the Armin Van Buuren concert during EDC weekend and it was extremely nice. The stage area and dance floor is rather small but the light show and effects really make up for it if you can find your way out there. Overall I definitely much preferred Marquee over Tryst and Surrender.
If you want a taste of the greatest place to drop the bass, it's definitely Marquee.. . Marquee is the best club in Vegas.  Hands down.  Without a hook it'll cost an arm and a leg to get in, and it's crackin every night... ESPECIALLY Saturday.. . The main floor is house and transe, and the DJs they have are crackin.  Outside the double open doors is a patio overlooking the Las Vegas strip from the glamourous Cosmopolitan Resort.  On top of that there's usually a DJ spinning there too, chicks taking advantage of photo opportunities near hot tubs and pools, and a bar.  Drinks go for about the regular $14 Vegas fare, and that's surprising because at XS they can go from $40-60.. . The top floor is normally surrounded by VIP folks because premium service tables are up there, and there really isn't a whole lot of room to dance.  The "library" as they like to call it also has its own bar, and in all three of my visits to Marquee, the bartender there is usually the most sociable.. . The middle floor, if you can find it with all the stairs features the mainstream hip hop most party people like, and through all my experiences it's always been the most packed.  When I'm feelin' it I normally head straight to the middle, and I swear it took me almost 7 minutes to do that with like no drink in hand.. . If there's any problem with Marquee, it's with their bouncers.  They're super strict, and sometimes they're just full of crap.  On my latest foray into the club we tried to get a bottle because there was no way we were going to get in even with the guestlist (the line was intensely long... plus it was Saturday), and they upped the costs to $1500.  I'm down to live like a baller, but with 3 people in my party we weren't about to shell out $500 each to get in.  Luckily we found girls we met at Tao who were able to make it a 4-3 guy-girl ratio.. . My other problem with the security involves the main dance floor itself.  I was just following some girls in, and all of a sudden he doesn't let me in through that side of the dance floor... forcing me to walk around the circumference of the floor to find another way through.  I really don't understand how or why that happened.  I get that they're doing their jobs, but that was ridiculous.. . But with four different places to dance, the cocktails at the bar being excellent at a normal price, and probably the most attractive party people in the city... Marquee is Vegas' marquee hot spot.
Went to the nightclub on a Friday night.  I'm rating this on my experience, so to each to their own.  The line to get into the club is nuts, but very well organized and with helpful security, you know which line you should be in.  FYI for guys, if you are going to Vegas with guys only and think about not getting table service, make sure you try to team up with a group of girls that are in the same line with you.  Trust me, you'll get in the club faster, and thank the ladies with a round of shots when you get up there.  Remember, a group of girls will get into any club faster than a group of guys.  Back to the club.  The music was excellent, well I'm sure everyone reads the music was excellent, but what does that really mean?  To me, the DJ has a good flow, each song flows right into the next, so you don't lose rhythm.  If the DJ is good, and you have two left feet, you can still look decent on the dance floor.  Since it is a hot club, the dance floor is crowded and hot.  The security does a decent job of closing off the dance floor so it doesn't get overly crowded.  Had table service, the service was ok, but I have to give props to my security Sean, he was awesome and did an awesome job of keeping the riffraff out.  I'd figure the reason the service isn't that great is they already add a 20% gratuity to your tab, so since tip is already paid, the service doesn't have to be too good, nothing for them to earn.  I just stayed by our table and the main dance floor, didn't up go stairs to the library, which is a lounge area for people to chill, talk and play some pool.  Downstairs is a hip hop room, but didn't check it, so couldn't tell ya.  Just outside the main dance floor, they to have casino tables, so if you're out of luck with the ladies, you can try your luck at the tables.  The crowd was mostly Asian.  So, if that's your scene, this club might be for you.
NIGHTCLUB:.   Oh Marquee, how I wish I could live in Vegas just to visit you once a week :) :)  Just thinking about your great music/lights/feeling/pool make me want to skip work and head out to vegas again!  We were a group of 5 girls, 1 guy (gay) and it was a Friday night.  I had put our party on the guestlist the week before online.  They didn't actually email me about the guestlist until that day, but that's alright, we got in just fine.  No fee for girls, our guy was $25, not bad.  We got there before 11pm, probably around 10pm.  Don't be late!  We got in and started dancing immediately!  It was great!  We were right in front of the DJ booth.  I got some awesome pictures too because the lights go on and off during the dancing and they're different colors, mostly red, so the red light on people's faces looks great (keep the flash off)!  .   One of the best parts of Marquee is the outside.  There is a little bit of seating around the planters for the girls whose feet are killing them.  The cabanas outside are really cool and people looked like they were having a great time in them :)  There's a great bar outside too that never got too crowded so you can order your drinks quickly :)  .   Overall it was awesome!  One of the top 2 clubs in Vegas for sure.  This one and XS!  You can't go wrong!  Next time I'll try Surrender too.  Trust the reviews!
Nightclub review:. . Let me preface this review by saying that I get pretty annoyed when I read a Yelp review that claims a place has "the best pizza in the world!" or "best burgers in the universe!". A claim like that means that out of every single place on the planet that you've sampled that type of food, this one particular place is a clear cut #1. It just seems that people throw such a claim around way too easily.. . With this in mind, I can say that in my limited worldview (having visited places like Hong Kong, Miami, Puerto Rico, Mexico, and of course NYC), Marquee Monday was the single best nightclub experience I've ever had - bar none. The music, the lighting, the people, the views - everything was top notch, and this is a must stop if you're in Vegas.. . Arrival. . We had a party of 5 dudes, so we already knew that we would have issues getting in. We decided to split ourselves into a group of 3 and a group of 2 to make it easier to pass the line. Unfortunately, apparently we can't follow directions, and we started talking to each other on line near the front. The bouncer saw us and told us that we'd have to buy a bottle. Damn it.. . Undeterred, we left the line, and decided to split up into two groups of 2, and I would try my luck solo. My friends went back on line in about 5 mins and they got in with no problem. I killed some time in the casino downstairs, came back, and also got on line with no problem. As an added bonus, I befriended a group of girls waiting to get in, and they let me tag along on their list so I got in with no cover. Sweet!. . Inside:. . As you get off the elevator, you can appreciate how huge the club is. There's a small bar near the elevator that you can use to replenish yourself, but most of the action is in the inside room. A semicircle with tables and couches surround a large dance floor, with a huge stage up on the front with dancers, flashing lights, and the DJ booth. The dancefloor was packed, but everyone was shaking, moving and otherwise having an awesome time. There's also a downstairs bar section with a smaller dance area, more tables/couches, and different music.. . Music on the main floor was mostly a mix of rap and electronic. The night we were there, Chuckie was DJing and he had a great set. The downstairs bar area was mostly straight hip hop and reggae. It was pretty good to be able to move freely between the areas and sample some of the vibe from each.. . Outside:. . Like Tao, Marquee has a really great outdoor area with more music, more bars, more girls, and a great view of the Vegas night. If you need to regroup from the pandemonium inside, it's great to just chill and have a drink outside. . . Overall:. . Marquee was probably the highlight of my last trip to Vegas. Definitely one of the best nightclubs you'll ever go to, and it's no wonder why it sits at #1 as the highest grossing club in the world. . . Pros: . . Awesome scene. Hot chicks. Great mix of music. . Cons:. . Line might be hard to maneuver around if you look like you don't know what you're doing
Best Nightclub in the World!! Everytime I'm in Vegas, it's a MUST!  It's the best place to party if you like EDM.  Also if you are a female, make sure to hook up with a promoter to avoid the long line and the price! . . I don't understand how people say the bouncers are rude, I have NEVER had an issue getting into this club.  . . The main floor and the outside area is the best.  There are two other rooms, the library and the boombox room, which are cool if you like hip hop or want something other than EDM.  . . The EDM scene here is the best that you can get in the US, even better than Hollywood (and I'm from LA).  THe main floor is cool because you really can get super close to famous internationally renowned djs. You may even get to meet them ;).  It's the exact same with the Day Club, you get as close as 5 feet from the djs.  The pool party is classy, but fun and with good music, it really does not get any better. . . Beautiful people from all around the world.  Drinksare a bit pricey, but hey, you are partying in one of the best nightclubs in the world.  Don't bitch about it.
Best night of my life thanks to Marquee! We went for my 21st birthday, and Porter Robinson happened to be playing that night which was absolutely amazing. Drinks were expensive, but the experience was so worth it!!!! Definitely would recommend over XS.
**Review for the Dayclub**. . So after partying at XS Nightclub, my boyfriend and I decided to go to Marquee Dayclub the next following day. And yes...we only had 4 hours of sleep. We went from a nightclub to a dayclub right away. . . Originally, we didn't have plans to go to a dayclub. But since it was summer...why not? :) . . My boyfriend and I got there around 10AM thinking that we were going to be late. Turns out we were one of the early ones there. Hmmmm...people recovering from their hangovers, I believe? I SAY YES! XD. . Water was really clean when there is only a few people. But be aware...as soon as it hits after 12PM noon time, you will see some slight changes in the pool. Yes...you know what I'm talking about. XP On top of that, Marquee Dayclub would toss out some inflatables and beach balls. Sometimes if you're lucky, you might find a rubber ducky nearby. Of course with the DJ spinning some awesome music, people will be splashing here and there. So don't complain about your hair being all wet. After all, this IS a dayclub. =P. . Overall, I had a lot of fun!! There are lockers that they provide but rental for the whole time period is 20 dollars. Also, they serve some food at the dayclub.  . . I would most definitely come back here. :)
Marquee is true to its name. This is the preeminent club in Las Vegas. I'd been to Pure at Caesar's and Mix at Mandalay Bay; yet, neither of them could hold a candle to Marquee at the Cosmopolitan.. . The casino itself is eye candy. Walking past the stunning colored glass inside Cosmopolitan got me pumped up for what to expect at Marquee. On a Monday night around 9:30, I was there early for a private party before Industry Night kicked into full swing. . . A lot of Yelpers lamented about the price of drinks; hells bells, y'all, it's Vegas! What did you expect? Make a reservation for a table, order a bottle of Belvedere and just enjoy the ride! I was lucky enough to be here for a vendor event, so I never saw a tab, but can definitely say bottle service is the way to impress a lady.. . That being said: show up to Marquee dressed to impress. You'll want to look your finest at this leading establishment. Gazing out over the balcony at the Sunset Strip in a cocktail dress and black suede pumps I felt ever-so-posh.. . Around 11 p.m. the club was starting to pack out and I made my way over to the elevators. I was alone in Vegas since this was an event for work, and one of the hosts asked me why a girl like me was out at night by myself. When I explained I was in town for a conference, he gave me his card and said if I needed anything while I was in town to give him a call.. . I was so impressed with the gentility (dare-I-say chivalry) of this kind host that I'll go ahead and give him a shout out: you are awesome Derrick! . . When I left Marquee the line was almost 1,000 people deep! I was in awe of my VIP treatment and am already looking forward to going back. Hopefully next time, I can enjoy Marquee to its fullest without having to get up and go to work the next day!
Hands down the best club in the world. . . I LOOVEEE MARQUEE!. . I love the service, i love the music, i love everything!. . We didnt pay to get in, we got free drinks, we were seated by the DJ. IT WAS LEGIT! . . YAY for having a vajayjay!!. . This place was awesome! You just have to come experience it for yourself.
Seriously, in love with Marquee day club. I wish I could live there. I have no patience to wait in long lines especially when I'm with lot of (good looking) girls. So go up to the bouncer, be nice (I have issues with that, only in vegas though, I swear its not my fault) and he will let you pass the line of around a 1000+ people..no joke. works every time..or make sure you have a hookup.. . So anyways, this pool party has the best looking and classiest group of people I've seen in Vegas. There's really no creepy men lurking around trying to talk to you, at least on the days I was there, thank god. It will get packed though, but I think that just makes it more fun. Great music, great drinks (cafe patron and double shot margaritas YUM) and great company. Def better than Tao beach and Bare (new topless pool party at the Mirage). Even though I love Encore day club, I would pick Marquee over it.
I love Marquee at the Cosmopolitan! Both the day and nightclub. Whenever I'm in Vegas, Marquee night is always the best night of all... except for that one time... ANYWAYS, pretty huge venue and very elegant. I've been to two dance floors and the really pretty outdoor area. The Boombox is for you hip hopsters. A smaller dance floor compared to the main but it's pretty fun and chill. The main floor gets crazy by 11PM. Get ready to push and shove your way through while you hold onto your friends' for dear life. . . They play house music mostly but once a month they have Party Rock Monday. This is my favorite Monday of all Mondays. If I didn't have a 9-5 job, I'd be at Party Rock Monday every month. If you don't know, Party Rock Monday is a LMFAO hosted party. It's crazy with neon colors, zebra prints, and wigglers. "There's no party like Party Rock Monday." But on most weekend nights, they'll have a major DJ, hence their popularity. . . My favorite promoter Bhagya will take good care of your party. he's always dealt with all the guestlists for my party and I at ALL the clubs, not just Marquee. He's really professional. Feel free to message me if you''ll be heading to Marquee, ladies!. . NOTE:  They're not open on Sundays for nightclub.
I absolutely love this place! I came here for my 26th Birthday in June and had the time of my life! Gia who is the promoter here is awesome she took really good care of me and my girls and got us in with no problems. The venue is amazing here the music is great and the bartenders can hook some strong drinks up. If your comming to Vegas to party Marquee should definitly be at the top of your list!
Marquee Monday. got in before midnight.. . - Monday? pretty much fri/sat all over again... - instant access. use the V-Card and get in less than 5 mins!. - Great service. Black elevator guy pumps you up for a good night. Bouncers take pictures of you without being a bitch. - Premier nightclub. the fanciest and biggest looking that i've been to.. - 2 dance floors. .    - main plays top hits. gives away cool glow in the dark lights when it gets really wild. extremely packed. no room to dance. just jump up and down so lots of people with no rhythm can make their way. lol. dislike high energy, techno crap....    - bungalow room was way better. hip hop. nuff said. - PEOPLE AT THEIR SNOBBIEST. bc its so fancy, everyone around you acts as if they are the shit. rude. asian girl gets tapped by GF and goes off and wants to start a fight. ghetto.. - GRIME TIME! guy pulls persian lady's dress all the way up exposing thong on dance floor. . - unexpected affection. rather not explain... - BJ tables and expensive ass drinks to be expected.. - I can only imagine how nice the dayclub is. Jacuzzi. pools. great view of PH and city center. . - must go. everybody is their to impress...good and bad thing..
I love this place, came here on a friday night, and i was amazed by the music they had. So many different dance floors with different types of music. Three balconies for a smoke break or a breather. We were staying at the Cosmo so we were able to get into the club for free, which i believe is a major PERK. So many stairs, which isnt a problem if you're a guy, but if you're a girl in 6in heels it is NOT FUN (especially intoxicated) So ladies, make sure you wear comfy shoes, take pictures in your cute uncomfortable heels at the hotel room or something and change into your comfy heels before entering the club. Your feet will love you. . . Definitely one of the best clubs in Vegas.
Hot waitresses, great scene, great layout, and the best Lobster Club Sandwich ever! a definite must try!!!
update just for my amazing night with KASKADE!!! . . so my last review, I only reviewed the day club, but here's my night club review:. . THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!! I LOVE MARQUEE!! . . This past weekend, I saw my love, Ryan Raddon, better known as KASKADE, and it was AMAZING/WONDERFUL/SPECTACULAR/PURE HAPPINESS. Honestly, sooooo many people told us we wouldn't be able to get in without pre-sale tickets, but you know what? WE DID! SO THERE! Anyways....this place is always a good time. . . Venue: There are THREE floors: top floor - chill bar/library (nice place to chill and have drinks), middle floor - house dancefloor + pool cabana area, this is where all the dj's play and where most of the tables are. They have multiple dancefloors on this one floor, the pit, the dancefloor near the bar, and one more outside where the dayclub is. It's pretty spacious but it gets really crowded, especially if someone is playing that night. so be warned: IF A DJ IS PLAYING, THEY WILL CLOSE THE PIT AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO GET IN, bottom floor: hip-hop room aka the Boom Boom Room, if you wanna get down to some hip-hop, this is your place. It's always a good time. . Crowd: seriously, it's so diverse. This weekend, I saw people my age (early 20's), people in their late to early 30's, and even a couple of guys that my friends and I swore looked like they were in their 60's. I mean these guys were wearing bowling shirts and had white hair...not that I'm hating.... . . KASKADE: yah i know he's not always there, but I had to add this anyways. He came on at around 1 and played until like 4/5. HE WAS AMAZING! HE KILLED IT and HIS SET WAS BOMBBBBB. Played all of my favorites and even snuck in the new SHM song into the set which seriously made me love him even more. Then, when the beat dropped, down came SNOW(basically soup bubbles), BUBBLES, & CONFETTI!!! it was crazzyyyyy!!! He seriously killed it saturday night. I'm just happy thinking about it. . . Anyways, I seriously love this club. I've always had a good time and I've seen sooooo many people/ DJ's here, I couldn't hate this club if I tried. The only bad part is that it gets SOOOOO CROWDED and crowded = HOT HOT HOT & STUFFY STUFFY STUFFY! Luckily, when the DJ's go on and the beat drops, they blow this nice cold air on you...IT'S AMAZING.
I finally got to live the experience that is Marquee and I must say that it is nothing short of breath-taking. I purchased presale tickets for Kaskade on August 18th and I paid $80 for them. Two weeks before the event they were as low as $60 online, so if your Vegas trip is planned, you would do yourself a favor to buy tickets. General admission was $100 and that is likely the case every Saturday night. If you are in general admission line after 9:30 pm, good luck. In my experience, about 20-$40 per person will get you past the line in Vegas. Just put it in their hand, nothing unusual about it. I really have no idea how much would be safe bet to grease with at Marquee. The horror stories about the prices of drinks in Vegas are infamous. I tipped our bartender $5 or more on the first 2 rounds of drinks and from that point on, he hooked us up with both very strong drinks and 2 rounds on him. This was my experience on Saturday night and on Monday night as well. Take care of them and they will do the same. As someone who absolutely loves clubbing, there is nothing more amazing than seeing a jam-packed dancefloor at 10 PM. It sucks if you would like to dance and go back to the bar for more drinks, however I cannot be mad. Everybody wants the experience that is Marquee. If you would love to experience the floor on a Saturday night, good luck after 11 pm. I don't recall the floor ever being closed on Monday, however it was still really crowded.. If I could take a half of star off my review, it would definitely be the attitude of the bouncers. I firmly believe it it is intentional and by design because the Cosmopolitan staff could not be more polite but you would be hard pressed to find a friendly bouncer. Even if you are polite as can be, when you speak to them, they respond bland. I got thrown out of the club at some point during Kaskade's set and In their defense, I could have been doing something really stupid that I really do not remember. On Monday night, the bartender said to me that I couldn't have done anything too rude and that mostly people get thrown out for acting drunk. I realize they most likely want to get as many people as possible into the venue and throwing people out for minor drunk acts, is their excuse. That is unfortunate.. Aside from that, I had an incredible time at the venue both nights. The outside area is incredibly beautiful and the view as well. I never made it to either the hip-hop room or the third floor because house is my thing. I love the little boutique shop as well and $40 for the t-shirt I bought is not too outrageous. There of course has to be blackjack tables but why not sit down at a $10 table in in a club, it is Vegas. I have gotten a bit bored with many of the other venues in the town, however I would book a 3 day trip, just to visit Marquee all 3 nights. If you love nightlife, it is the one place you MUST MUST MUST visit.
Day Club at Marquee on Sundays are THE BEST! Love the music, the crowd, and weather.  Went there on this weekend August 19 to see Pendulum set & 12th planet.  Music was amazing! Really good talents spinning on Sunday and tickets are not that expensive. Definitely the best day pool party in LAS VEGAS, hands down.
Simply amazing. This is one of the places that makes Vegas wonderful.
I got a free drink and free entrance by signing up on the guest list :) The different rooms are inside and are air conditioned, THANK GOD! The boombox room is where my friend and I spent almost all night/morning. They were playing a mix of old and new hip hop songs which we were able to dance to. The employees walking around occasionally were pretty good about picking up the empty cups found on the floor. There was also girls walking around selling shots which was great for when you are too busy dancing to go all the way to the bar.  I will definitely be coming back here next time I visit Vegas :)
I always have a great time here, definitely my favorite club in Vegas. What's not to love? Great music, beautiful people, awesome venue...don't forget to bring your dancing shoes ;)
As far as nightclubs go, the best that I have ever been to.... . I like both the Day and Night clubs but the Day club is hella fun!  It has a covered dance floor area with VIP tables.  Outdoors are the cabana and jacuzzis.  Overall the layout is on point.  The pool party has 2 areas with different music playing.  In the afternoon, the shadow of a building falls on the pool party so it didn't feel very hot in 100 degree weather.. . The service here is great.  Sheleen is super cool!. . Day club has my type of girls!
The best nightclub I have been to.  It has one of best DJ line ups, and their outdoor area is insane.  I highly recommend going here next time you're in Vegas!
Wow...What an amazing time I had at Marquee Day and Night Clubs.. First, if you do not like EDM/Techno music...stop reading... do not go here, you will not like it. Other then the very crowded Boom Room at night, it's All EDM, all the time.. Next a big Thanks to Amber Anderson, one of the hosts at Marquee who did a fantastic job at setting us up with a table on Saturday night to see Kaskade. And a note to all of those going . The line into this place is crazy, so when your host or promoter says get there at 10 pm... Don't be late, after that they will be impossible to reach or your table will be gone. We talked to a group earlier in the day who said they had a table reserved for Friday night but got there around midnight rather than 10 pm  too late, it was gone. . Our waitress was great and the best part was our security guy. He kept our area clear of random guys and watched over our Bachelorette group like we were his sisters.. Great music, packed dance floor with some cool relief outdoors around the pool.. Two complaints..... . First...The much talked about stairs....yes there are lots of them, we did not go upstairs or downstairs very much and thanks to yelp, we brought some flats. A full evening in 5 inch heels is tough on a girl.. Second.... bathrooms... not enough and they are in remote areas.... Still a great time was had . . Day Club..... As a Cosmopolitan guest we got free entry.. as a group of 4 to 7 women staying at the Cosmo we got quick free entry.. The day club is a combination music club, frat party, drinking contest and tiny tiny bikini contest... ( I tied for second place the last day there :). We had great time. Never went into the main pool....not sure what color the water was... but it was not clear... But we were invited to a few of the cabana's that had their own private hot tubs in front... very cool set up. . Not sure what some of the other Vegas pool parties are like... but it will be hard to top the fun we had here !
Dayclub review only:. . Walked in at about 1pm. Cover was $50 for men. It was really hot and had to pay $15 for sunblock (SPF 15). Drinks were about $15 but they use premium liquor. It was pretty crowded and you couldn't really dance.. . Kaskade played from 3pm to about 6pm and put on an incredible show. By 5pm some of the crowd had left and the ambiance got way cooler.
Last night in Vegas? YUP! My girls & I went out with a BANG!. . A promoter we met up with made sure we didn't have to wait in a line. He took us through to the back entrance. I will say that it is the most official club as far as gaining entry into I've seen. It seems like each promoter had their own line to put people in, then the ID checkers are pretty legit, then you get a stamp after. Then we get a slip that says which promoter referred us to this club & how many were in our party. Then we turn the slip into the hostess up front who stamps our hands again. Then we were finally granted access [=. . This club has 4 different stories. Each level has something different to offer. The very top has what's called "The Library" it's just a bunch of pool tables & it's the quietest of all the levels in my opinion.. . The 2nd floor was eh, super small & only plays whack music.. The 3rd floor was my FAVE! & where we spent most of our night. We got a free booth right by the DJ & got a free Patron shot. Since it was a Party Rock theme since the guy from LMFAO was making an appearance there were glowsticks provided at our booth, as well as glasses & foam fingers. We went to the promoters booth later & we got even more shots, sooooo much fun! I got to dance on top of our booth edge, my inner go-go dancer came out, lol.. . I totally recommend this club to any girl groups!
Came back for Avicii/Gareth Emery during EDC Week. I didn't think it was possible, but I ended up liking the Dayclub even more than the Nightclub lol. . . The crowd is super down to party and I made lots of new friends here. The vibe is off the heezy(Avicii helps). . . There's also a really nice view of Aria/City Center/Cosmo from the pool area. They have it at the nightclub too but it's even better during the day because of the always perfect Vegas weather lol. And once the music kicks in, it's just like the Avicii song goes: . "Lookin up, there's always sky, rest your head, I'll take you highhh"  lol . . I had the best time I've ever had in Vegas here, and that's saying a lot! I'll be back again real soon!
Marquee is my favorite club in Vegas.  I'm usually there when Kaskade is the DJ and the place goes absolutely crazy.  The place hits its peak at around 1am or so.. . The Library is the main dance floor area and the Boombox is downstairs and is a smaller hip hop area.. . They now have blackjack tables set up outside which is a decent way to kill some time if you happen to get there a little early.. . The lines are long, it's a pain to get in, the drinks are expensive, the tables are ridiculously expensive...and the girls are hot.  In general the bouncers are pretty good at keeping the douchebag factor relatively low.
Having never been to Vegas, and having lived in both Miami and NY, I was wondering what the whole fuss was about with Vegas clubs. The first couple of nights I was in Vegas, I had to went to Tryst and XS. They were cool, but nothing that "blew me away". . . Well, that all changed when I went to Marquee. This place is freaking amazing. I was surprised to find that getting into Vegas clubs was easier than in NY or Miami, at least with my experience being a guy.  In any case, i was literally blown away by the energy of this place and just the massiveness of it.  The main DJ room is a true experience with the glass panels and dancers coming out of the wall. . . The pool area was phenomenal and a great change of pace if you didn't want to get all crowded and hot in the main room. I walked around some of the other rooms (hip hop, etc) but I was there for the EDM. ATB was the DJ that night, and he just killed it.. . While the main room is crowded and there's traffic flow problems, if you can find a good spot it's a great time. The energy is amazing and intoxicating. The entire crowd feeds off it and it's just an incredible atmosphere. The lighting, use of smoke and other presentation aspects are the best I've ever seen at any club i've been to in the world.I went back the next time I was in Vegas and had an even better experience knowing where to go and how to get in.. . The bouncers are pretty strict about the dress code (i.e. you need to wear a sports jacket at all time if you're not wearing a dress shirt) but overall they're pretty friendly suprisingly. I'm used to the rudest of the rude in Miami but for the most part they were pretty cool.   . . . This is a place I plan to go everytime I go to Vegas. Even though the tables on the dance floor are offensively expensive, if it was a bachelor party I'd absolutely do it because having that type of space but being right in the middle of it is worth the experience once in your life.
The hottest club in Vegas FOR GOOD REASON. . This place is incredible. It's HUGE. I love the multiple levels. The main floor was the most popular that night, with a DJ playing house and the crowd going WILD. The top floor is top 40, with more of a lounge feel. But my favorite floor was downstairs hip hop level. It was steamy and sexy and pumping, just like a hip hop dance floor should be. The only problem with this set up was the STAIRS we had to climb to get to each floor. Hello, most of us ladies are wearing at least 4 inch heels.  Even without a few drinks, those stairs are NOT EASY. But it's worth it. . It seems to me that most of the negative reviews had problems with the lines and the wait to get in. Well, yeah. If you are going to the hottest club in town, of course there are going to be a bunch of other people there too. The club can afford to be selective about who they let in.  I can't really comment on the line because I was lucky enough to catch the attention of some rich old guy who was willing to pay a could extra hundred dollars to get me and my friends in without the line. (Sir, if you are reading this THANK YOU. Sorry I didn't sleep with you or anything). I would highly recommend trying to set an arrangement like that up because I have absolutely nothing else negative to say about Marquee. It was incredible.
This place is always awesome. Huge outdoor area, great sound system and insane lighting. I don't think it gets any better than this in terms of light and sound. There is also plenty of security running around, which to me is a good thing.. . Luckily I have never stood in line to get in, but beware- the line is huge on weekends. five stars, but if I had to deal with the line and pay to get in, I would say four.
I have not written a review in over a year but felt compelled after how much fun I had this weekend. Party Rock Monday @ Marquee is the most fun I have had in a long time.. . 1) Cool vibe - everyone I met came to just have fun, smiles all around. dimes. dimes everywhere.. . 2) Dance floor is popping - if you like to get wild, then it's all good. it get's packed, if you dont like that then go outside and kick it by the pool area (there's tv's all around to show you whats happening inside on the stage) or the areas on the side.. . They will stop people from coming onto the dance floor if its too crowded. Solution? 1) buy a bottle or make friends w someone at a table 2) slip him some money 3) be a really good looking girl. . 3) Production - LASERS. LASERS EVERYWHERE. I dont even think swedish house mafia sets blast that much laser. screen's are all sync'd well and gogo dancers make you do a double take. if you are into productions and that sort of stuff the lighting guys are actually at the very back of the club near the pool bar. they are more than willing to talk shop if you are interested. . . P.S: they also blast confetti everywhere and at some point had the bubble machine turned on too (yo dawg i aint try to get random soap on my hair so chill with that) SENSORY OVERLOAD.. . 4) Staff - was most impressed by how well the staff was working. have enough friends that run/work nightclubs to understand how much effort it actually takes. for a better glimpse check out the GQ article that came out featuring marquee. used a promoters gl and got comped drink tix also - protip: always make sure you make some new friends that work in the industry ;) a simple hi how are you doing goes a long way. I'm not sure who is responsible for hiring the talent but keep up the good work my dude ;). . 5) Music - probably the most important part. they book plenty of good EDM acts, and the resident DJ's are also pretty sick. I feel like my hypem playlist had most of the same tracks they played (thats a good thing). . . 6) A lot of people ask which is better, XS or Marquee? They each have their own strong points. I'd say they are kings in their own leagues. Go to both =). . IN CONCLUSION. solid place for a younger crowd. I left marquee at 4am, took a flight back up to the bay area at 7. got to work by 9. during lunch I felt like the entire thing was a dream.
Okay so I have to give them 5 stars. Why?. . Well, from my previous Yelp review, I got a message from their guest relations apologizing for my unpleasant visit. Had wrote to me saying that me + 1 would get a comped admission + 1 complimentary drink each. Wow! :] . . I gave them a call on Saturday night, explained the message to them, and was told I would get a call back. 2 hours later, I get a call from one of the security guards at Marquee and said that everything was arranged. . . Arrived at Marquee at around 12:45 ish..and with nooo problem whatsoever, we got to cut the line, got our free admission, and the security guard who's name is Joe handed my bf and I 4 complimentary drink tickets. Now that is great customer service. Definitely more than what we expected. . . A much better experience this time. For both of the bars we went to (hip hop room and main room), they didn't have any milk to make my bf's White Russian. :/ . . They seriously need to make the hip hop room bigger! Whyso small for?! Good music though, loved it. Love the balcony outside as well. Has a great view. . . One thing I don't like about Marquee though, is too many stairs to walk up and down to to get to the other rooms. . . Main room dance floor is ridiculous. People, do not dance with your elbows up. You're going to hit someone, and cause a freakin' fight. Which was reallly close to happening. . Felt like anchovies in a can. Pushed a couple of elbow dancers. . . Main room bar..idk about that bartender. He made me the worst Midori Sour I've ever had. I feel like he put pineapple juice in it?????!?!?!?!?! It was undrinkable..but I drank it. :/ . . Other than that..thank you to both Jennifer and Joe for that night. Everything was great!
Dance dance dance... dancing till dawn till my heels come off. That's totally what happened to me and I'm sure for most of you girls as well.. . Despite how packed this place can be, It is FUN! Most of the people are probably jammed pack on the dance level and not too much on the hip-hop/top 40s levels.. . Go onto their website and order the presale tickets and you can enter with little to no wait at all. It is definitely worth spending more time inside, rather than in line outside. You can also check out what DJ's are spinning on which weekend so you can get your tickets early.. . Get ready to party ladies and gents because the *unce unce unce* will definitely keep you up till dawn here.
I love the Marquee. Had so much fun here and I didn't have a drop of alcohol I just danced the night away holding my water glass( was recovering from previous antics but still gotta look social). . . Came here on a Monday night. Guestlist ladies in free and everyone the doorman the security guards the bartenders were super nice. . . DJ Dirty South was fun. The dance floor was crowded with people. I love Vegas cause the guys look so nice dancing in their suit jackets and slacks. Classy is good. The light show, the confetti the, glow sticks and marquee glow tubes they were handing out were fun to swing around. Everything screamed party and fun but classy. Dance! Dance! Dance! . . Woot! Woot! Can't wait to come back.
Went last night for Monday locals. Got in no problem (Thanks to a friend). It started a bit slow but by 2am was jumpin!
Love this club!. On our last night in Vegas, we were planning on gambling but decided to come here instead. Had a large group of about 16 guys and 14 girls. . My friend is a promoter so luckily we got everyone in for free, and we skipped the line! YAY!. . Favorite part? The confetti drop (which happened twice when I was dancing) and the cool mist they blow every once in awhile.. The bartenders were very nice (esp Jason!) and open bar was awesome.. The outside patio area was very nice, it was not cold and loved the scenery. . . Too many stairs though but I thought it was really thoughtful to hand out flip flops as we left for all the girls in heels!! =) Now I have a pair of Marquee flip flops haha.
Had a blast here! Now when booking my bachelorette party this was included in the package but it was still a struggle to get in even with the promoter, but compared to the normal line & wait it wasn't so bad. We were taken to an elevator and went downstairs were the doors opened and we were ready to dance our asses off. First stopped at the bar for drinks and then hit the dancefloor on the main level that was playing a mix of dupstep & pop. Moved our way outside for a bit just to look around, man this place was beautiful even the restrooms were cool. We stopped in the hip hop room where we stayed and danced for awhile even though that floor was jam packed. i really had alot of fun here, so far one of my favorite clubs.
Ok, so this review is only based on one Monday night... but it was such a great night.... . Marquee Monday is where it's at. Girls in for free, and if you meet a promoter and have enough girls:guys, they'll get in free too. Open bar from 10-11pm. When we went, only one floor was open (the elevator man said there's usually 2 other floors?) but that one floor was plenty fun for me. It was a little dead at first, but our large group just had fun sitting outside enjoying the open bar. The dance floor started to pick up later on in the night, and there was about a 1 hour window where it was perfect - full, but not too crowded. Great DJ that night, and lots of interactive elements!! Occasional blasts of air, confetti dropping, tons of bubbles filling the dance floor, huge glow sticks everywhere, fun lights, etc. . . I had no sense of time while here, but there was that inevitable moment when the dance floor got so packed you literally could not move. I repeat, LITERALLY COULD NOT MOVE. It was horrible. But the place was so large there were plenty of other areas to peruse and hang out. Wish there were more places to sit, and yea drinks were expensive, but the $13-$15 well drink price seems pretty standard no matter where you go in Vegas. . . At the end of the night, they were apparently passing out flip flops to the ladies!! What an ingenious idea!!
Best Club in Las Vegas for sure!!!. . My friend and I recently went to Las Vegas and literally "stumbled" upon this club and my oh my was it the best discovery ever. Yes there was a huge line, yes the club was packed inside and yes the drinks are expensive but almost every other club in Vegas is. Luckily, females get more privileges than guys but this happens in all party cities. . . The dance floor was great, music even better. I danced and danced until my feet hurt. The club is open until the wee hours of the morning so we really enjoyed ourselves. Definitely a must-do club on a Monday night in Vegas!
The best club I've ever been to in Vegas although I've only been to a handful. I loved the different locations and atmospheres throughout the club and it was all over the top!  A must experience place!
Love this place. I've been here many times and for some reason I never get tired of Marquee. The service is always great. I came here about two weeks ago, Tom, who looks like Ford, was very professional in handling all the people going in/out of the dance floor. I've been to many other clubs and usually those people are jerks and tend to push you. The DJ's playing there are always great. I saw Dirty South recently and it was definitely a night to remember. Amazing, amazing, amazing!
The four or five times that I've been screwed over in getting into Marquee (for various laughable reasons of all sorts) somehow made me appreciate this place even more, despite the fact that I never made it in here.  Once I actually made it in here, all I can say is that hype is worth it.. . Venue is amazing, no doubt about it.  Obviously there's the library and boombox, but it's all about EDM floor.  If you have an irrational love for EDM, this is most OBVIOUSLY your place.  Dat LED wall is absolutely mesmerizing.  I just hope that everyone gets chance to see their favorite artist lay down some beats because it's an experience you don't forget.  Plus their go-go dancers are super duper coordinated, it's so entrancing!. . Getting in here is a pain in the ass, especially for guys.  Just make sure you roll with girls, they're ridiculously strict on the 1:1 ratio.  But hey, at least it keeps the place from being a sausagefest.  And if you can get on the good with a promoter here, all the better.. . Mixed drinks are $15 if I recall this correctly, which is totally fine by me because I'm just used to it by now.  I would probably stop drinking though around 12 AM-1 AM because once someone comes on the stage, that floor gets PACKED.  Like, you better post up on your position because if you leave it, it's gone forever.  I ain't gonna be dashing for the bathroom while laying down the moves.. . After the club, Secret Pizza.  Done and done.
This is the number one spot in Vegas. I had the best time here. The library is where we were seated. We had our own bouncer for our table. Worth every benjamin!
As one of the premiere clubs in LV, Marquee is definitely one of the places to be at least once during your trip. I suggest getting in touch with someone who knows someone to get you a table (if you want bottle service) or at least to waive the cover if you aren't planning on a bottle. Of course, having a good ratio never hurts either.. . Trying to navigate the entry line can be a bit confusing, but just keep walking toward the elevator and prepare for an experience. Upon arriving on the nightclub floor, you can feel the bass even before exiting the elevator. Follow your hostess to your table (or just make your way to the dance floor/bar) and have at it! The tables are spread around the floor, throughout the club, and depending on which you decide on, can give you a sense of superiority over everyone else in the club. You can even have your own security guard who holds the key to your private bathroom. . . While the dance floor has multiple ramps for ingress and egress, it can get pretty packed, so get ready to push your way through if you're set on a particular area. No matter where you are, though, you can embellish in the confetti and CO2 dispensers (a nice way to cool off in the crowd). The DJ booth is at a good height, as are the platforms for background dancers who add a nice touch to the ambiance.
I've decided to give this place 5 stars because when it comes down to it, I'd rather be partying here or at XS. . . Guest list closed at 12 am, my girls and I weren't even on guest list but we were so bored from Tao we decided to spur of the momently go to Marquee because it seemed much more fun. We didn't make the guest list and almost had to pay $20....but please, when I go to Vegas, I do not ever want to pay unless it deals with food, shopping and a hotel. So basically we got in free. . .  So glad we came here because the crowd was MUCH MUCH BETTER! We went straight to the hip hop floor and just had the time of our lives! (Ok totally exaggerating...but whatever).
Went on a Monday night and this place was packed! Thank goodness we had a VIP table with bottle service and our own space to party! You can dance on the booths and over all they just promoted a damn good time. Drinks were strong, DJ was awesome and those foam/noodle glow sticks were a great addition. Not sure how it is any other night, but everyone is here on Mondays!
Great crowd, great DJ, and lots of space. It was warm out when we went, so it was nice to spend time outside, where there were small swing-things, a pool, and lots of places to sit. Everyone was really friendly and nice and enthusiastic about dancing. It was definitely my favorite club in Vegas.. . The smaller room was uncomfortably hot and crowded, but the main dance room was really great.. . The only bad thing that a lot of other reviewers have also touched on are the stairs. Christ, the metal stairs you have to climb are horrendous. It feels like you're walking through some sort of dingy warehouse, and then there are like, 3 more flights of stairs once you actually get into the club to even reach the main room. My feet were dying by the end of the night.
My favorite favorite favorite Vegas club! What can I say.. from the djs that play here, the decor, the crowd, the bottle service, the memories, the blackout nights... LOVES! Marquee is located in the beautiful cosmopolitan, so everything from dancefloors to bathrooms are super super gorgeous.. . Make sure you contact some good promoters though, as the lines seem to get pretty crazy. The last time I went there and left at 2am (had a trade show to attend the second morning at 8am) there was still a LONG line waiting to get in. A little ridiculous.... . Security are actually nice and friendly if you're not falling all over drunk/trying to start fights/starting fights/trying shady things.. . A must go for me every vegas trip. This includes work related trips :P
The ice at Marquee is incredible! I experimented with a clear-red mixed drink, and contained in the mix with all the other ice cubes (which were fair in quality), was a mock ice CUBE OF LIGHT. The drink encompassed a translucent cube with a white, self-powered light inside, thereby lighting up the entire drink! This faux ice cube illuminated the red cocktail with a white-to-pink glow, overall contributing to quite a delectable experience in itself. I'll assign 5 stars to Marquee's business for its modern, technological, and innovative flair in ice artistry. Bravo.
As much trashing as this club gets, people forget that it's Vegas current elite. You expect top notch VIP service without paying a grip? Thats kind of funny.. . Can't have anything bad to say about this club. Came here in March 2012, got a table for 9 guys (celebrated 2 birthday parties), got 4 bottles, and one of the best hostess ever. Of course, was NOT cheap but worth the money.. . Came back in October for Halloween with just my gf (whom I met at Marquee in March) and hey guess what?! The host hooked it up with FREE VIP entrance, no cost, no line, no wait! . . Had an amazing night both trips and most def coming back with my same hostess. So if you are considering a high end club that's considered the best among the best, you always have to account for Marquee!  remember to ask for Stephanie T. with referral from Anthony for bottle service (a must have at this club, especially for guys).
No, seriously. This is the best club in Vegas, no question.  The promoter we went through (CJ) was definitely the most professional and helpful promoter I have ever worked with. HIGHLY recommended. . Benny Benassi was there last night, which was awesome, but it meant that the main floor crowded up pretty quickly. By midnight they weren't letting people onto the main dance floor anymore. But there was still plenty of room to dance, plus the lower hip hop floor, which is my favorite part anyway. . HOT men (hot women too), hot music, just a goooood time all around.
My favorite club on the strip! Marquee is where you go when you want to party hard. Great music, lots of places to hang out, good crowd, strong drinks! . The patio is tented in the winter and I wish more clubs would do this. Its a pain to get in, 5 lines at the front door, 3 lines upstairs, who knows what elsewhere. . The best video and laser show and the best waitress' (and costumes!!)
Oh yeah, one of my favorite spots in Vegas.  Last visit a large group of us got 2 cabanas side by side on the left side of the pool area.  This gave us plenty of space to ourselves when it got crowded.  If you're planning to do some serious partying, then I suggest you get a cabana at the pool or a table/booth in the club, it's worth every penny.  A few pics of the cabana when we arrived:. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/marquee-nightclub-and-dayclub-las-vegas?select=wKgLxE9Xb0sw278ESVEXIQ#wKgLxE9Xb0sw278ESVEXIQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/marquee-nightclub-and-dayclub-las-vegas?select=SAwNvzYuXhyOk5M1FkToEA#SAwNvzYuXhyOk5M1FkToEA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/marquee-nightclub-and-dayclub-las-vegas?select=zAh8t6bsDY7A16S4qn85-g#zAh8t6bsDY7A16S4qn85-g. . We arrived early and got in before it got crazy busy.  Throughout the night, we went through several bottles of Goose.  We left around 2 am and the party was still going strong....ahhh, I miss living in Vegas!. . Total damage: $3,000 ea for the Cabanas (inc 1 bottle ea), 6 more bottles @ $500 ea + Tip.....I think we spent $11,000 total.  Not bad for an epic night out.. . Return Factor - 100%
It was packed on a Monday night.  We went on Saturday as well and they opened up other rooms.  The main area is techno, but they have a hip hop room as well.  A trendy fun place to visit.
This club was so much fun! Music was great in both rooms. CJ the promoter totally hooked me and my girls up on Saturday night. He even took good care of us the next night and made sure we had a great time.  I will definitely be calling him again next time we are in Vegas!
Marquee has become my top choice for Vegas clubs in the past two years.  Both their nightclub and dayclub are great and provide a great ambiance.  The people are chill and the staff is amazing and very attentive.  For the nightclub, I always prefer a table outside by the pool, to avoid the craziness and packed inside.  The dayclub is also amazing, but I highly recommend to get a table so you have a place to hang back when needed.  Overall, I recommend Marquee to all my friends who are venturing out to Las Vegas.. . I book all my reservations with Dave, and he has always been professional and met all my needs.  Overall, a great experience.
This is still one of the hottest club in LV.. . We partied here during Super Bowl weekend. There were about 20 heads and we all pitched in to get a table, as the night goes on, we ranked up the bills on Champagne.   I really didn't know champagne was that expensive :))  I was already too drunk to mix my drinks at that time.. . The DJ was pretty darn good, the dance floor was packed in like sardines,  the dancers were in football jerseys, quite entertaining,  and our servers kept our drinks cold and always filled. . . Great club, great music!! But way over our budget!!
I came here a year ago (nightclub) to see ATB. Yes, the wait was long, both to buy the tickets and to get in. However, it's probably the most popular club in Vegas so I knew what I was getting into. Cover wasn't cheap but I would happily go again. The stage, with dancers on the catwalks, was very cool as well. The venue is huge and I definitely want to come back in the summer for Marquee Dayclub. I know it's hyped up and overpriced but I think it's worth it to go at least once just to see what the "best" club is like.
Why does this club only have an overall rating of 3.5 stars?  Come on - you're in Vegas, on the Strip, and at the hottest hotel (Cosmopolitan) - obviously everything is going to cost you more.  You're also going to the hottest club out there, so yeah, you're going to spend tons of money.  I knew that, and so I decided to focus on having the best time of my life, and I did!. . As a guy coming in on a Friday night, I got charged $50.  Fine by me - we had a hookup so at least the girls didn't have to pay to get in.  If we had a better ratio of guys to girls, I'm pretty sure that the guys would've gotten in for free too.  . . The music is awesome - they have a hip hop room, but most of the club plays EDM.  Let me mention that this club is HUGE!  According to my friends, the place is actually bigger, but because we went in February, not all parts are open due to weather.  And it was huge as is!  Seriously, stay close to your friends - you can easily get lost, especially when hella packed.  . . My only gripe with this place is that there's a lot of stairs.  Kinda tiring after a long night of partying and drinking, but if you read the reviews, then you would have already known that.  . . Seriously - the best clubbing experience I've had in Vegas - I woke up with confetti stuck to me the next morning!  Pre-game before you get there to save some money, but please don't be that drunk guy or gal who gets kicked out.  Go with friends who can handle their alcohol and don't cause too much drama and you'll dance the night away and have a blast!
Have never had a problem here and it's ALWAYS a good night!  Pretty, well decorated, and always has good lookin' peeps!  My FAVORITE club to go to in Vegas!!!. . I love that they have different rooms that you can enter in and there's always somewhere to sit outdoors around the pool!  Library room for a more relaxed, laid back night.  Hip hop room for the ratchets.  Main floor for the unce unce uncers.  And this other side room that's between the elevator entrance/bar and the main floor, that plays like Top 40/House?  Partayyyy!!!  Haha, I would definitely recommend anyone's first time to Vegas to make it a point to make this one of their priority clubs to go to!
ATTENTION: If you have a table/bottle service you do not need to take any stairs to the club area, you get to ride down an elevator to the main room. After 2AM the elevator is open to the public... this fixes the stairs issue everyone seems to be having :). . Probably one of the best clubs I've been to. . . This place can get really crowded and lines are extremely long. Get here early  if you do not have a table reserved. Almost everyone pays cover unless you get in due to a promoter, make sure you tip the person that gets you in!. . I had a reserved table and showed up at 12AM and got in with no waiting. . Had a table on the 2nd tier, table 46, and it was a great view of the dance floor and had enough space for our own personal dance area. Dropped about 6K and it was well worth it. . . Security did a good job of keeping random people out of our area, obviously hoards of people want to join and leech off the bottles of liquor... . . Our host was awesome , the crowd was excellent, and the music was on point. I defiantly choose Marquee over XS.
This is a review for the DAYCLUB. . . I LOOOVE IT. I've only been here twice and both times it has been TONS of fun! It's a big ol' party and everyone is having a blast in the Vegas sun. There is a live DJ doin' the damn thang and everyone havin' a goooooooooood ol time. Of course it helps to have a comp daybed and free draaaaaaanks but YOU KNOW!!! Fun in the sun!!
Best dayclub in Vegas. . Not cheap, but worth the $ to get a cabana if you are with a large group. . PS- Maybe you can have Leonardo Dicaprio buy you some bottles (he bought every cabana a bottle when I was there last weekend)
I think based on my check ins alone we all know this is my favorite nightclub/dayclub in town. The best DJs, the best layout, and the best bartenders you can never have a bad night/day here. My boyfriend and I have fallen in love with this place and certain people like Jeremy the door guy, Kimmy the bartender, and Danny the GM have made that happen for us. Were here at least once a week for good reason. With Dash Berlin, Armin Van Buuren, Gareth Emery, and ATB all Marquee favorites this is truly the place if you enjoy amazing Trance Music. Yes its expensive but hey what nightclub isnt. LOVE LOVE LOVE MARQUEE.
-Goodlooking people everywhere, and this is where all the Asians are also. . -3 floors, the 2nd is the place to be to get ratchet (hip-hop all night), the third floor with the pool is techno and most people stand outside the pool area to talk and chat. The stairs are also super annoying for girls who wear 10 in. heals, so don't be too drunk and fall down the 3 flights of stairs. Other than that, the layout of the club is huge and pretty impressive.. . -Be nice to the bouncers and they'll be nice you to :). . -If you have enough girls and contact a promoter to be on the list, there should be little to no wait in line. Make sure to set up arrangements with a promotor ASAP to ensure smooth entry. Contact the promotor below, he helped me out and our group got in with no problems. . . https://twitter.com/Vegas_Promoter
Came here for Memorial Day Weekend to see Armin Van Burren and W&W perform on a Friday night.  Between this, Surrender, and Hakkasan, Marquee easily gave me the best clubbing experience.. . We had pre-sale tickets and entered in a separate line on the fourth floor that went smoothly.  No BS about girl to guy ratio or anything of that nature.. . First off, the layout was pretty awesome for the floor Armin and W&W were on.  The dance floor and VIP booths circled around the DJ booth making no bad spot if you were in the main room.  If you were unlucky to not be allowed in the main area, due to capacity, there was on outdoor area surrounding their pool.  They had a live feed coming from being the DJ that was displayed on a huge protector.  . . But what really made this fun was how intimate the main dance floor was and the lighting.  That particular floor/stage had some amazing visual lighting and effects, it was definitely a sensory overload (in a good way).. . Marquee is definitely on my top clubs to go to if you're in LV, even more so if there are special DJs/events.
True story. . I'm going to make this short and sweet because I had one epic night. . . Came to Marquee Saturday night memorial weekend. Went to the hip hop room saw a ton of fine women. A girl in VIP gave me the ok look to talk to her. So I snuck around the bouncer start talking to her and her friend. It was 8 girls at the tablewith grey goose and ciroc bottles. Then the turnt-up began. She offer me shoots then lap dances one friend got jealous so she started doing the same thing to me OMG. Next thing you know hooking up, ladies gone wild on me. The bouncer was like you can't be doing that up in here bro. I really wanted to offer him a cup of haterade. Good fuckin night ! . . Tip's. Get your pre sale tickets totally worth it. Go early interact with girls and leave a happy man. I saw a ton of guys with bottle service spending a ton of money $$$ looking bummy. . . Pros. A lot fine women but to me the hip hop room had most of the single girls dancing and interacting with guys compare to the main dance floor. . Great open view of the Vegas cityscape. . Overall great crowd. . . Con's . Expensive, lucky I drank free mostly the whole night. The main floor didn't play any house/pop/hip hop like Flo Rida, David Guetta, or Akon. It was mainly all techno and other stuff .
Nice club.. . -No Fat Chicks. -Nice Variety of Girls. -Not too pricey. . I did see girl who looked like Shrek. I told her I ran a school for mutants and can help her harness her power for the good on mankind. I can help you
I fucking love Marquee! Lol every time I go there i always have a good time.  I like the fact that they have different levels which play different music. For example they have the boom box room which plays more hip hop. I jus love this place. Good job guys.
Marquee is one of the trendiest nightclubs on the Vegas Strip. Their layout kind of reminds me of XS Nightclub where they have an indoor dance floor area that opens up to an outdoor pool, patio, and bar area where people can hang out and have a drink. While the patio view doesn't really give you the best view of the Vegas Strip, at least you can still see the towers of the different hotels that make up the MGM City Center. Their indoor key feature is that they have tall, huge screens in the background that emits colorful lights and imagery that goes along with the music. They also have live dancers in front of the screens. You can see the DJ at the front of the dance floor with the colorful screens behind him. I also like their selection of dance music. . I strongly recommend you to purchase tickets through their website online so you can bypass the line when you enter the club. I always suggest getting to the club as early as possible because every trendy nightclub always gets super packed by midnight. . I ordered a midori sour from a female bartender with tattoos all over her arms, and she mixed the most perfect midori sour I ever had.. There is a free photo booth in the outdoor patio that you e-mail to yourself. Overall, I think this club is great for large groups. Get there early, otherwise you'll hardly have any space to hang out.
Tips:. . Without guestlist, we had to wait about 30 minutes to get into the club.. $20 cover charge. . ----------------------------------------------------------------------------. . The club is massive! There are 2 separate rooms: hip hop and electronic music are in separate rooms. The hip hop room is a lot smaller while the electronic music venue is much bigger. All of the private booths circle around a large dance-floor while the DJ stand overlooks everyone.. . They have this lemonade icee that they put a raspberry liquor into that is super delicious. Great for anyone who wants to just cool down and hate that alcohol taste.. . The cabana's on the rooftop portion of the club is beautiful and overlooks the lovely Las Vegas strip.. . Although the club was very large the place was extremely crowded on a Friday night.. . Day Clubbing at Marquee is great as well, there are 2 separate pools for people to stand in. Unfortunately to be able to see the stage better people would have to get out of the pool.
Myself and two buddies went to Vegas last weekend.  We decided to got to Marquee on the Sunday to watch Kaskade!  What an amazing time we had.  We had a sun bed between the pool and cabanas which worked out perfect! Brooke was our first waitress who was super friendly and cool.  Then she transitioned with Stephanie.  Stephanie made us feel very welcome and showed amazing customer service throughout to rest of the day.  Our busser was Pat.  He also show us amazing customer service, helped us with anything we needed, kept checking on us, but not in a pushy way just making sure we were cool.  The security guard circling the pool was John. Super nice and super chill.  I would highly recommend anyone visiting Vegas to hit this pool party.
This club is spectacular.  It is very large, and offers all sorts of music.  We get a table and bottle service (2-3 bottles) every time we come here for three reasons:  1. You skip the insanely long line outside, and form in a much smaller "table" line 2. You get a place to sit down and catch a breather 3. The security keeps people that shouldn't be in your area/table out, and they escort overly drunk people out as well so they don't ruin your experience.  Heck, for a nominal fee we get a sanctuary in one of the hottest party spots in Vegas?  All  good!. . Table service:. It is what you would expect.  Book early, tip well, and you may find yourself "upgraded" to a really awesome table inside the main floor.  Or you can opt for "cheaper" tables outside in the pool areas, etc.  Be sure to tip the person in charge of security in your area so that you can count on them keeping an eye on your stuff! Be careful with the upgrades though because sometimes they will stick you in a TINY table in a better location.  The last time we went we figured we would try it out, and we had mixed feelings about the super cramped spot.  Much better view and right in the heart of the club, but only 2-3 people could sit at a time of our 5 person group.  We had a 6 person table outside.... . Experience:. It is a really safe place.  I have never seen a fight break out there, or anyone too obnoxiously drunk causing trouble.  It is more of a high end hang out spot.  Everything here is extremely overpriced/expensive so be prepared for that.  . . Conclusion:. Worth visiting at least once.  I will probably go again next year.
Best day party in vegas by far! Hottest ladiez, rooftop jacuzzis line the dance floor , and the service is amazing. The staff had me set up with the best bottle service and went out of their way to check in to see if we were having a great time and a prime table location. Shout out to hosts Winston and Levon James for showing me how vegas is done the right way!
Went to this nightclub Sat 6/15/13 based on reviews from this site compared to other nightclubs.  Very accurate reviews!  Got in via a promoter and my date was free.  At first, I was hesitant on the $50 charge for me....but heck Vegas shows are that much or more.  Get there early if you can!  10pm is cool to walk around and check the place out. 1am is PACKED, which is also fun in a different way but you have first dibs on the dance floor.  Music was amazing, atmosphere was amazing, clientele was amazing.  An experience of a lifetime.  My GF thinks I'm a freaking genius for picking this place.  Drinks are priced okay for a nightclub of this caliber.  For example, a cosmo martini was $16 and other mixed drinks were $12.  Priced high until I ordered 2 Bloody Mary's the next day at the pool of Ballys and the waitress said $30.  Compare the pool filled with old people at 11am to the atmosphere at Marquee and the $16 seems reasonable.  Customer Service was A+. It was "Welcome to the Marquee, Have a wonderful evening." from security at the entrance.  Helpful with questions on exits.  Bartender was extremely courteous.  DJ CHUCKIE freaking rocked and the extras the club does on the dance floor makes you feel like your in a damn video.  . HELPFUL HINTS:  1) As in recent posts, bring flats ladies.  After wards there are stairs, not many, but after 4-6 hours of dancing you will feel them.  Once again I seemed like a genius to the GF for bringing this up. 2) Not sure you need a table to experience it.  I saw groups of 14 buying a table, which divided up sounds fun.  But after getting the pricing of a table, getting my lady in free and me paying $50 was still an experience for much less cost. 3) I got the promoter's info from passing by one of those obnoxious people handing out cards in front of Planet Hollywood.  I normally walk by, but heard one of them say "Marquee VIP".  He took my ph #, I got texted by promoter around 6-7pm, he got us in at 10pm with the GF free.  I felt important with him taking us in.
Its Awesome!
THIS REVIEW IS FOR COLAVANDA & ZORAN!!!. . My apologies if their name is misspelled! Anyways, shout out to these 2 security from Marquee Day Club. I was there Sunday June 23, 2013. I had a friend who was too drunk to stay at the pool party. Despite how annoying & uncooperative my friend was, C & Z were very patient & did not give us attitude or seemed annoyed where as other security probably would have. Eventually my friend got himself together & they both escorted us out to get a cab to take back to our hotel. I tried to give them tip but they generously declined (you guys totally deserved it btw). Thanks again!
What is Marqui? Marqui is a gift to all the party people of the world. We should celebrate it, experience it and embrace it for everything is it. It's truly that awesome. . . Once again, we went 3 times in two days: Friday/Saturday dayclub / pool party and Saturday night to see Kaskade on my birthday. . . Yes, you'll see hot crowds of people and beach bodies, but you'll also find the best clubbing experience of your life here because no matter who you are, you can't deny that Marqui is ergonomically designed to perfection.. . Crowd: upscale, well-dressed nightcrawlers and party people. Music: house. Service: exceptional. Bouncers:  gentlemen until you cross the line. Watch it, they are on it like hawks! . Ambience: upscale, trendy, grand . . In my books, it's reining champ for best nightclub in the world. And clearly, my love for this place remains solid.
Marquee drips swaaaaggg all day everyday (well at least on Friday through Monday since they're closed during the middle part of the week) and is easily one of the top clubs in Vegas.  The promoters here do an amazing job bringing in the hottest girls and sexiest dudes and the DJs keep it poppin all night long!. . Matter of fact, I usually leave the club saying that OMG that was the best night EVER and you will probably do the same unless of course you don't like dancing, partying, or talking to hot girls. If that's not enough to sell you on things maybe the crazy lazers, confetti blasts, air guns, live entertainment, huge outdoor area, super fun hip hop room, sexy ass people and the best DJs in the world might sway you to make an appearance.  . . Trust me and come here for a GUARANTEED A GOOD TIME! . . Also want to send a shout out to JENNIFER TANG for always taking care of me!  . . BEST.. . PROMOTER.. . EVER.
I love Marquee. I love it love it love it. . . I feel like people love to hate on nightclubs sometimes but it's kind of like there's always going to be something you don't like. If it's a hot, popular club, chances are it's going to be crowded and/or hard to get into. And/or expensive. Just kind of the way it is haha. . . But anyway,  I like and wanted to go to Marquee for my birthday last weekend because it's one of the only huge Vegas clubs on the strip with a hip hop room. I used my friends club promoter to get us on the list (4 girls) and we got in in about ten minutes no problem. I've been held up in their lines for way longer before but it's kinda like eh, what are you gonna do. If you're a guy I think the lines/cover situation is definitely a bit more of a pain in the arse. . . Hip hop room was awesome. I can't do that techno ish so it was perfect for us. We hardly left that room all night. When we did step out, we saw there were tons of places to hang out and get great views of the strip. VIP areas looked fun too, they were little cabana type things by the pool area. . . The main dance floor looked pretty fun too - it was more open than places like Tryst and Tao so it seemed like you could actually move around there. . . Definitely plan on coming back as long as they have that hip hop room!
This review is written strictly for the day club, because it was a wonderful way to wrap up our group's last day in Vegas! Even on a Sunday, this place knows how to throw a great party! I loved the energy too! Unlike Wet Republic, the staff wasn't pretentious at all. I never got the impression that "You're lucky to be here." Instead, the impression I got was, "We are happy to have you here!" When entering the elevator to go up to the pool, the manager said, "All I expect from you while you're here is to have a smile on your face, so let us know what we can do to make your experience great." . . There was open bar on simple cocktails from 11-1, and in addition to that, we were also given 2 drink coupons once the open bar was over. . . When the DJ came on stage, there was a huge parade with inflatable penguins, beach balls, and best of all foam shooting out of the large artificial palm trees. People were cheering, dancing, and splashing like crazy! I've never had so much fun at a pool party! . . The private cabanas had private spas with glass walls so everything was on display, and water spilled over the edge of the glass as they would in "endless" pools. Pretty awesome design!. . Girls adorned in Lady Gaga-like attire pranced about the premises taking pictures with everyone and dancing up on stage which added to the overall experience. . . Did I mention I loved my time here? Because I did!!
Dayclub/Pool Party: I don't know HOW this place is rated lower than Wet Republic. WR is a bunch of stuck up people standing around trying to impress each other, at least at Marquee, things get crazy, tons of dancing, eating & drinking. Most people are incredibly friendly (and generous). My party of 10 ladies were on the guestlist and got in for free AND enjoyed a few hours of free drinks at the bar. Wait wasn't long at all. I think cover for guys on Friday was $30, Saturday was more expensive. Oh and lockers are $30, so only bring essentials. Friday started out casual and it got more fun as the day went on, we ended up getting a fish bowl drink (it was too sweet and made my stomach hurt so I stuck to my vodka tonics). As far as drinks, I know fishbowl was $175 but it's party sized and regular drinks I think were ~$8-9, I didn't pay for much... Thanks, new friends :-) Pool water is what you would expect from a dayclub. Saturday was nuts, dancing in the pool meant splashing; you can hardly breathe and you can't open your eyes. Haha but it was a blast, I met a few people on Saturday that I had met on Friday :-) I was a dancing machine here. When I come back, I know this is where I'll be!. . P.S. Eric, the locker guy was my favorite; super helpful and carried on a great conversation while I was waiting for my girl friend.
Can I say that I had an ultra-fabulous time here - for both day time and night time outings?  . . Their pool parties are awesome with the DJ music, full bars, multiple pools and people!. . Their night clubs are fantastic.  I went when Kasade was playing on the top dance floor area and hip hop music was playing downstairs.  You can get a taste of both music genres!  It was super crowded when Kaskade was playing all night.  This place never sleeps!  Literally.. . You cannot avoid Marquee when you're in Vegas.  It is the "IT" place to go to!. . They also have a small outside patio area, where you can take a second to breathe in the livelihood of Vegas!. . The lines, however, for guestlist, can get really, really, strenuously long.  Try to beat the line by getting there at around 8pm!  Yes, 8pm!  It is super early to get into a club that early, but trust me.  Getting in line that early, is actually being on time for Marquee!  . . Your whole day can be spent blissfully here!
One of the best clubs in Vegas! The only thing is that it gets way too crowded that there's no room to move sometimes. Their rooftop lounge is absolutely stunning! Make sure to put this on your Vegas to-do list!
How come nobody likes this place?  It's cool, it's modern, the music is awesome, and they have trance AND hip-hop?  What's not to love?  The only bad thing are the drink prices, but what do you expect for a Vegas club on the Strip?. . The main floor usually has a some kick butt DJ like like Marcus Schultz or some other top DJ of the world and there is also an upstairs.  If you buy tickets in advance, you skip the crazy long lines, which I've never had to ensure (also a plus when you're a hot, single chick with no dudes in your party).  The music is loud as it should be in a club and the vibe is awesome.  They have an outdoor area that's really refreshing and also has a screen of the DJ playing, and the layout really simple.. . There's a hip hop room for those of you who don't like trance, and though it's small, the DJ plays REALLY good songs.  . . Great place to party and a great place to have a good time with friends.  The ambiance is super nice, and the people are beautiful.  Like I said, what's not to like?
Had a blast with my Girlfriend on Monday night, their Industry night.  I was exhausted from partying with the boys but after getting hooked up with free entry, a stiff $12 drink and some amazing house music....did I mention the sexy Daft Punk girls, lazer, ice blowing, confetti dropping, heart thumping...list goes on.  It was one of my best club nights ever.  I'd go back.
Marquee dayclub is soooo much fun. Probably one of my favorite pool parties I have been in Vegas. The energy is amazing here everyone is absolutely having the time of their life. . . The pool is a bit small considering how huge the Cosmo is but it's so much fun it really doesn't matter. It's a huge splash party here lol you just really let loose.. . People get crazy here but in a good way. The music is awesome. Staff is friendly and helpful. There's tables just in case you feel like gambling.
I was here with a large group on Saturday night to see Kaskade... wow, what an amazing time! The venue is AWESOME... I highly recommend spending some time outside (not just inside as it gets a bit cramped in there). We had a cabana table outside... it was awesome!. . The show was great, the venue was fabulous and our waitress/host (Kori) was fantastic! I never had to look around to see where she was or struggle to get drinks. They were right on top of things! My sister wanted some foam sticks that she had seen passed around elsewhere, one of the male hosts at the club went and found more than enough for the table without question. Let me tell you... this is how Vegas is done!. . I will say... I am sure we could not have gotten all this if it hadn't been for the large group and some great winnings the night before.. but I think it would have been a GREAT time anyway! Hell, you're outside in the awesome night air... by the pool and dancing to great music! . . Honestly, I had such a great time and the service was so wonderful that I have since called to contact the GM directly. I definitely suggest heading here if you're looking for a good time in Vegas!
I came here to see Kaskade, and only went with my twin brother (I was here for a family reunion and my family isn't the clubbing type) but had an amazing time nonetheless. We bought our tickets weeks in advance as we knew we'd be attending, and got in no problem. However, I should mention we got there early - 10. But with no girls in our group I was real happy we still got in very quickly. (If we had not bought our tickets in advance, we would have been forced to go into a massive line, but thats the case with any good Vegas club). . Anyways, this place was packed with beautiful girls, my twin literally could not believe it, and the ratio was great. Kaskade was unreal. Best show I've seen ANYWHERE, and he played for around 4 hours. . . What made me want to really leave a review for this place however, was the service that we were treated with by the bouncers and everyone working the event in general. My brother ended up losing his wallet, and we informed a bouncer later in the night, he was real kind and gave us the lost and found business card of the club. We called it in the morning, and they had the wallet. Huge break for my brother, and nothing was missing. . . Anyways, great club, they have the worlds best DJ there, and the staff is great, you should probably go
Good Lord where do I start with this review? BEST DAYCLUB EVER!!! I've been to a fair few pool parties in my time (incl. European pool parties) and this place by far has far exceeded anything I've experienced. Straight off the bat, this place is not cheap. Daybeds cost $1000 and cabanas in excess of $5000 however, the table service given is exceptional. Weekdays are cheaper and let's face it, It doesn't really matter what day you come to Vegas, it still packs a crowd. We came here on a Saturday so be prepared for an influx of bachelor and hens parties - and you know what that means - total unadulterated debauchery !!! The only negative I have of this place is the door staff carry some massive egos so if you can get past that, you'll no doubt have a crazy, alcohol fueled day!!! Till next time Marquee ...
This review is for the nightclub only, the Dayclub we did not really make it to sadly.. . Imagine the cockpit of an alien spacecraft, that is basically what the main DJ stage resembles. They open the Dayclub at night so you can get a breath of fresh air. They have random smaller bars off the elevators and some on each side of the main stage.. . It was really nice to see they had Amstel light for $9, and other high end drinks for $13 (not bad) Plus, they GIVE YOU FREE WATER. Surrender and Haze nightclub charged $8 for a bottle of water. It was really nice to see all the bartenders were cool with keeping Hydrated.. . We saw W&W here and they handed out orange glow sticks to everyone which was pretty cool. All of the light, smoke, confetti were nicely coordinated with the songs. So far, best club experience in Las Vegas, although I have not been to XS or Hakkasan yet.. . Make sure you bring cash with you though, because you can get into the main circle near the DJ's but you have to give the bouncers $20. Not bad for getting VIP seats without paying bottle service. I will be back.
loved lt, loved it, loved it! great EDM music, great environment. bought presales so there was no waiting in line BS, and only took 1 minute to walk in since presales had a seperate entrance. gets very packed when the main DJ comes on... so i advise to stay inside by the bar or main dance floor area. drinks are pricey but strong...and it takes a long time to get a drink so best to buy 3-4 drinks at a time, per person.
I am giving the Dayclub 5 stars, since I have not been to the nightclub. . . The dayclub was awesome though. I had the time of my life here. Great place to go buzzed or get drinks, and then party in the pool! . . People were nice, people were hitting a beach ball around in the pool which i found entertaining for quite some time. . . Highly suggest it if you're in day time vacation party mode!
this review is for the nightclub only.. . in my opinion this is the best club in vegas. YOU MUST GO HERE!!!. me and my boyfriend both got in for free because we were on a guestlist and i also got free vodka drinks (and they were made very strong :D). this place is HUGE! they have 3 different floors, each play different kinds of music and each has their own different atmosphere. the crowd was young and attracive (20s to early 30s).. . i will make it a point to come back here everytime i visit vegas!
I do not go to clubs often, but when I do, apparently I give it a 5 star review.  I came here on a Sunday with a group of ten for the dayclub event.  Kaskade was playing, but unfortunately for met, I strongly dislike EDM.  Despite this, I tried to have a positive outlook, and just tried to enjoy myself.  Our group decided to get bottle service since there were so many of us.  The table had a $1,000 minimum in order to get the table.  We arrived at the club a little before noon.  We were able to get in through the VIP line since we got the table.  Upon arrival, I was told by several staff and bouncers, that my basketball shorts were unacceptable.  Great... They told me that I could purchase shorts from them for $60.  I had no other choice, so I went along.  We then entered a room with about four or five other tables.  Inside was also a bar, with AC, which was a plus since it was so hot outside, and the it was only going to get warmer throughout the day.  . . After we got situated, a bunch of different people came to greet us.  I honestly felt like such a VIP because they were introducing themselves to us, and accommodating us in any way possible.  We decided on Ciroc and Jameson which were about $450 each.  We also ordered some fries and a pizza, which were a great snack considering we did not get the opportunity to eat breakfast yet.  And just like that, we reached the $1,000 minimum.  Luckily, they forgot, and  did not charge me for the shorts that they were so adamant about.  . . This was definitely a cool experience.  I guess it's true what they say.  Money really does talk.
I been to the night club but it was my first time at the day club and I have to say again very classy nice and table service made it all that better
**Had someone loose their Iphone here and I'm guessing one of the staff found it and actually turned it in to lost and found** 5 stars for you Marquee. . . . Went to Marquee 9/1/13 for Benny Benassi and Tritonal. Arrived here around 11pm and luckily had bought pre-sale tickets, the wait was around 20-30 mins. I noticed the lines resemble the Disneyland queues were you get in a line to go to another line etc. To go to Main Floor you take up an elevator you have to wait for. . . Walking in was visually stunning, this place is HUGE (Except the Dance Floor) The main floor is surrounded by tables and more tables. If you want to chill and talk you should go outside were there is more room to stand. The views are very nice. Make sure you check out BOOMBOX (Hip Hop Room) usually less crowded. . . Overall had a good time, the lights shows and confetti were awesome, although not as awesome as Hakkasan.. . Reason for four stars is that the Dance floor gets soo packed  the security cards will not let you in (Without a tip) Which is pretty annoying. It would be cool if they had the music louder outside by the big screen. . . I would definitely come back here. Drinks were Vegas average. Kept coming back to a bartender named MATT in the outside patio, because his drinks were LEGIT!
Came here on 8/19/13 which was a Monday night. . . My friend and I arrived here pretty early (10:15pm) and even though we were on guest list, the line was ENORMOUS. So we approached the main door security and after some friendly banter and conversation with the security guys, we were walked right in, bypassed the lines (including the line for the elevator) and brought right into the main floor. I thought that was incredibly nice of them as they didn't have to do that. I was surprised to see so many bad reviews about the security in this club, I never not once thought they were rude or obnoxious, they are simply trying to do their job whilst having to deal with a load of drunken idiots. . . The club it's self is lovely, nice layout. It was unbelievably busy and we didn't even attempt to get on to the dance floor. So perhaps they could have not filled the club quite as much as they did but my friend and I spent all evening at a table outside so it didn't matter too much to us how busy it was, especially inside. But I can see how it would be incredibly annoying for people trying to get on and off the dance floor. . . If I could give this review 4.5 stars I would, but I can't. Where I would knock half a star off would be for all the stairs you have to go down when leaving. And also because the stairs are metal and have little holes in them. Even though I was wearing comfortable heels I could walk in, the heel of my shoe got wedged and caught in between the stairs a couple of times. It's just a bit of a rubbish way to end what was a good night that you have to go down a load of stairs. Although once you've gone down them and gotten out of the club it's soon forgotten and it wouldn't put me off returning again as it really is a great club.
This new review is for the MARQUEE DAYCLUB! This pool party is a jaw dropping experience! It was a definite BLAST!!! I cant wait to come back.  It is a pool party in full effect! I loved it way better then REHAB.  I don't really care for Rehab.  This pool party is a must experience! Let me warn you though if you don't want to spend money don't come here! The Bucket of beer was $75.00 for 6 beers. Yes, I said for 6 beers! DAMN that's 12.50 a beer LOL.................when you can buy a 12-pack for 12.50. Oh well that's Vegas for you good thing we were loaded w/ alcohol when we showed up! Overall, the pool is fun!
We had a great experience thanks to our promoter. He not only got us girls in for free, but the people who had a delayed flight were able to get in as well. Also, he gave the girl flip flops when our feet was tired. He didn't accept our tip either! Excellent customer service and we will definitely be using him in the future!
In my opinion, this place is great and well balanced. You have the packed dance floor and you have the outside area with a pool. . . This is both a great daytime venue, and a nightclub, and has been consistently for several years.
As a local in Las Vegas I still consider Marquee to be one of my favorite clubs. I enjoy going to Light and Hakkasan, which are great, (don't get me wrong) but as a local, how you're taken care of in your own city makes the biggest difference with your experience. With that said, no one is ever more accommodating than my Marquee VIP Host, Carleen H. Regardless what time of day, no matter how late of a notice, Carleen H. always manage to work things out in orderto take care of my parties, people I've referred, and myself... Just like how it should feel as a local.
Doing Vegas correctly includes proper bottle service and this place does it right. The DJ was amazing (went on 9/7/13). The O2 blasting down and confetti bombs make me happy. I love this club! Can not wait to go back.
This club is pretty awesome in terms of party scene.  Been here twice in 2 years and had awesome times both times.  We did bottle service both times and to us its worth it because we do drink enough to make it worth it and I like having an area for myself to sit and relax in between dancing.  The downstairs is really small but the upstairs is a good size and the outdoor is really nice.  The only other club that rivals this place is XS.
One of the cleanest day pool parties, ever! Love the staff and our VIP host JC was "da bomb"!! Thanks to the great bartenders and amazing music and video dj's....Always coming back!!
No cover. Free table service. Free light-up glowing boomstick things (which I gave away/lost at some point in the night). Dancing the night away -- at least until both my heels broke. $10 flip flops in the bathroom. Lots of flashy strobe lights. A really cool looking backlit dance stage above the DJ. Music with bass that thumps through your chest. Club photos that I don't remember being taken that will never grace a social media page, because yeegads, they're not flattering to me at all (though my companions look gorgeous!).. . For a newbie on the club scene in Vegas, Arty @ Marquee was an amazing experience. It wasn't ever so crowded that we couldn't move, or were so packed in that it felt suffocating. Maybe Saturday nights are crazier than Friday nights? It's bigger than it looks, with the hip hop room being down a flight of stairs and tucked away. Plus there's an outdoor area to relax from the heat of the dance floor.. . Marquee was pretty much everything I ever imagined when I thought of "Las Vegas nightclub experience." I would come back in a heartbeat.
I had one of the best nights at this club.. . I came here on Thanksgiving weekend in 2011. Chuckie was playing.  I bought a $50 ticket for myself and a $30 ticket for the lady.  Presale ticket entry is in adifferent area from general admission. We had to to up the elevator to the top floor I think, then walk down a certain path to get there.  We got in pretty early around 10:30, then went back outside to drink.  I have a high tolerance so I didn't want to spend $9-$10 a drink inside. . . Maybe since this was my first experience at a Vegas nightclub I had such a blast, but it was really so much fun.  There is an outdoor area where the pool is, and then inside is beautifully decorated. The nice thing about this place is it is open till 5 am. Most other places close at 4, but this place will still be bumpin for another hour. I stayed here all night and walked back to my room as the sun started coming out. . . Also don't forget when you get the munchies Secret Pizza is up on the top floor. Nom nom nom nom!
Had an awesome time at Marquee for my 46th bday.  Had a poolside cabana and wouldn't recommend anything else!  The fresh air retreat outside was great after dancing inside.  Staff was great and our party of 6 really enjoyed ourselves.  We would definitely return again for another cabana evening of partying.  Dance floors get packed, but hey, it's an awesome nightclub so expect it.  Cheers!
I didn't go to Marquee at night... I pooped out that night and ended up going to bed, HOWEVER...The next day. Was.Epic.. . After breakfast at the Henry (amazing braised short rib eggs benedict) I made my way to the Dayclub. My sisters and I bought $20 tickets to Dash Berlin online. Found out if you're staying at the hotel (which we were) you don't need to do that.. . We ended up getting a couple of poolside beds, which costs $414 (tax and tip included.) By $414... I mean you have to rack up a bill of $300, which for 3 thirsty girls was no problem. We ordered pitchers of mojitos, sangria, shots, a 6-pack of water (don't want to poop out again!) chips and guacamole, and a veggie dip platter to snack on. . . Dash Berlin was incredible! Staff was friendly, service was fast. Can't beat it! We even saw Curtis Stone and Ed Westwick. ::swoon::. . . As far as the nightclub goes, I will check it out next time. My sisters said they made it rain with dolla dolla bills y'all. No really... at one point, money and confetti dropped from the sky. . . Also, just go on Twitter/instagram and find a promoter. They'll help you get in for free and hook you up!
Marquee is the #1 club in Las Vegas to hit up!  Our promoter, Brian, did an incredible job organizing free entry for all of the guys and girls in our group the night we went in!  He was even nice enough to wait outside with my friend who was turning 21 at midnight to walk her into the club when it was legal!  Also, the music is diverse and fun.  You got your hip-hop and electronic to dance to so nothing can go wrong.
Brian T is by far THE BEST promoter in LV. If you need or want to do anything in this city contact Brian and he will get it done.
For the best time of your life in Vegas come to Marquee! I came to Marquee on Halloween weekend and i was on guest list. However, I was at a different club with friends and we came too late! We arrived at around 1 or 1:30 AM and we paid cover (girls was $20 guys was $50) . You have to take an elevator to the club and let me tell you, it was phenomenal! The set up screams "WELCOME TO VEGAS BITCHES!!!!" The music was amazing, they play House Music with the crazy lights, feels like your at an actual rave but indoor! The bartenders are so friendly! Dress code is strictly enforced so dress to impress, but its Vegas, you should look dolled up everywhere you go LOL. . . The outside is spectacular and the design is astonishing! So beautiful and breath taking!. . The drinks were quite pricey but hey,  my experience at Marquee made it well worth it. Throughout my 3 day stay in Vegas, this club was by far the best club i been to in Vegas! I will be back in a few months!
I've been wanting to go here for awhile now, because I've only heard good things about it.. . We had a promoter and a 1:1 guy/girl ratio, so we got in for free without a problem. We were staying at the Cosmo, too, so we got to go in a shorter line, or something.. . I particularly love this club, because they don't enforce some gender binary dress code. I was able to walk in looking fabulous without having to be harassed by bouncers, which happens all the time at other clubs.. . This club was huge, so there was always room to dance. The music was great the whole night. It was just overall a great experience, and probably my favorite club in Vegas now.
The security were extremely helpful and kind in making sure we got in. This is what I called service. Considering we were hotel guest at the Cosmo it took about 2 min for us to get into the club...Showed them our room key, the lady at the front swiped it and bam...we were in. . . The main stage was not my cup of tea....it was EDM and I really liked watching the girls dancing over the dance floor but EDM makes people jump. Usually these people jumping have drinks in their hands...by the law of science stated in Newton's 1st law An object at rest stays at rest and an object in motion stays in motion with the same speed and in the same direction unless acted upon by an unbalanced force. Well I think you get what I'm trying to say....drinks start flying, people start getting wet...no bueno!. . Given it's winter I love the way they enclosed the outside space and made it the hip-hop area. There was plenty of space to dance, it was congested, it was warm yet cool so there wasn't that nasty sweaty factor and the music was great. I had so much fun with my girls people watching. The drinks were somewhat pricey...about $20 but eh its Vegas. The ambience was gorgeous and so were many of the men! LOTS OF PERSIANS who love dark skinned women! :D *wink*. . The only thing I would say that is wrong with this club is the exit....now yes there are elevators but with the amount of people in this club it takes a while to take the elevators..I was like ok let's take the stairs. OH HOW WRONG I WAS. In my 6 inch Louboutins even though I was SOBER...I was dying. What architect in his right mind would make a club with an exit consisting of I don't even remember how many flights of stairs. Apparently this architect never once went to a nightclub or experienced the hoards of drunken women in heels scrambling on to the railing for dear life. It was like watching Bambi when he was learning to walk....seriously.. . Anywhoot I had a blast and will definitely be back again....take notes other clubs with racist ass doormen *cough* The Bank *cough*.
Eat ... Sleep ... Rave ... Repeat. Eat ... Sleep ... Marquee ... Repeat. Eat ... Sleep ... Rave ... Repeat. Eat ... Sleep ... Marquee ... Repeat. . Marquee Nightclub was packed. The music was thumpin' and the drinks were flowin'. Who cares if there were more dudes on the crowded dance floor than ladies? We were there to jump and dance ... and after quickly staking out a spot in the middle near the front, that is exactly what we and a few hundred of our new best friends did.. . Tip #1: Stay at the Cosmopolitan. Go online and book a room because it includes free admission to Marquee through a much shorter line. It'll also give you a place to freshen up before hitting the club and crash/party afterwards. Ask for a room in the East Tower for convenience to Marquee.. . Marquee Mondays makes Marquee a reason to stay in Sin City an extra day. The EC Twins and Nadia Ali performed on the Monday before Christmas and this was like an early gift from Santa.. . Tip #2: Get on the main dance floor early cause by midnight it was wall-to-wall people with almost no one getting in or out. Many "couples" were frustrated with the tight quarters, so, come prepared for bumpin' and jumpin' with people from all around the globe.. . DJ Lisa Pittmanworked it at the pool while Eddie Makabi and another DJ pumped up the beats inside before the headliners came out around 12:30. Nadia did a 30-minute live set which had the crowd frothing and then the energy reached a peak with the frenetic twins.. . Tip #3: Get a table if you aren't planning to stake out a spot on the crowded dance floor. If you are just wanting to chill at a club, the outdoor pool vibe and tables may be best or get one of the prime spots inside so you and your crew can dance in your own area.. . Drinks are expensive ... of course, and table service is crazy expensive. Plan accordingly.. . Marquee was a blast. We loved the vibe, the confetti, foam light sticks, blasts of cold air, and non-stop beats. If you get free admission to Marquee while staying at The Cosmopolitan then it is easily a 5-star night for any EDM fan.. . Eat ... Sleep ... Rave ... Repeat. Eat ... Sleep ... Marquee ... Repeat
Had a pleasant time here and will return... I liked that the security guards used discretion on who to let in or not. customer service was A+. music was tip-top.
