Busy place, but everyone is nice and I keep having to go to the cell lot because of late baggage from my original destination. They charge a lot to deliver so better get your bags checked 45 mn early...
After going through hell through JFK, I was happy to land here.  Easy to get through all the gates, and the outside of the airport was very pretty with nice paved roads and cacti!! Cabs were available as soon as I left the building.  The escalator to exit the building had some fake flying airplanes and some rocky fake mountains that were pretty also.  . . The car rental service is the best.  I've never seen such an easier way to drop off a rental car.  There were signs to drop off the car like there were to drop off someone at the airport! So convenient and so fast! I thought it would take forever to drop of the car but a guy was outside checking everything.
I like PHX airport for many reasons:. . 1) It's clean and pretty. 2) It's easy to navigate. 3) Free-Wi-Fi!. 4) Lots of shops and food places. 5) Nicer than LAX. . Here are some not as nice things:. . 1) You walk forever!  Luckily there are moving walkways!. 2) Picking up someone can be confusing bc their is a north and south curb, you must communicate or you will be confused!. . And ps: PHX get a Pinkberry in the airport! It will do wonders.
Reeeeeally like this airport- probably the most efficient airport I've been to considering its size.  The lines for check in are very time-effective if not non-existent. Go upstairs and security is usually a breeze!. . Yoshi's is delicious for quick, fast-food style asian cuisine ( Noodles with broccoli and chicken is da bomb!) Plus, you can access all of the other concourses and there is quite a few tequila hang-outs and sports bars along the way.. . Only thing is parking is EXPENSIVE (went on a trip for 9 days = $90!) I guess most airports are but I'd recommend trying to use one of the remote parking lots (3rd party) or have a friend drop you off :)
Home sweet home!!
Yes I like this airport. It is NOT bad at all. I would give it less than 5 stars for a bit longer lines but they seriously go by sooo fast! I like how it's huge. I don't like small airports. Bigger means, they know what they're doing! They also have good looking guys here! Major +++ for eye candy! I'll definitely be flying here again. Well, I kind of have to since my brother and sister-in-law live in Arizona. They have plenty of stores and places to eat.
Everyone here is really nice. I'm not sure if it's cause of the sun or what but this is definetly the best airport I have ever been too. . . It's always kept extremely clean and if you have any problems the staff is always eager to help out.
This place is clean and Big a bit confusing but definitely different from the last time I flew out of here 6yrs ago! They did a great job with how everything is arranged here I think my favorite was the Baggage Claim - it reminded me of Vegas!! The fact that the Car Rental place has its own Garage and is organized so well says a lot!
After reading other more recent reviews I thought I would update my original review. I still feel that this is a great airport. I have traveled through here probably 400+ times and I will continue doing so (for my job.). . Compared to other airports this one is by far the easiest for it's size.. . It seems as though the most common complaint is how far you have to walk. I guess that is a fair criticism. I actually enjoy the little amount of exercise you get by walking, but to each their own.
Mid size American airport with very good organization, very straight forward, no hassle. . . Security is a little slow and priority lane isn't really priority, it's more of "let's make fun of first class flyers getting pissed" lane, so let's welcome first class flyers with big giggle!! . . Many stores and food quality is okay. Seating areas are limited, at least for the Terminal 3 before security, so be aware. . . Lots of volunteers working here to guide you to the right place, there may be more volunteers than passengers. Haha.
It's very easy to figure out and it has free wifi and available outlets. Traveled here on a Sunday at around 7PM and there was NO line at all. Security was quick and painless. That's really all I ask of an airport, and that is what I got. Thanks!
Of all the maaaaaannnnnny airports I've been through, this is one of my favorites due to the organization, variety of food options, and the usually cool art. Perhaps I've been lucky, but I've always been able to breeze through security in very decent timeframes, and the agents here are among the nicest in any airport. . . PHX's consolidated approach to handling car rentals should be required in every American airport...as well as the "Rental Car Return" signage on the way to the airport. . . PHX has Volunteer Navigators, who are most helpful in an airport this size. This airport is either quite large, or very spread out.
Love this place, only lived in the Phoenix area for a year and have already been here at least ten times. First, if you are picking up family. They have two cell parking lots! You can park there and wait for your guest to call you when they fly in. Then just do a drive by to pick them up! Very easy!! With the way security is now, there is no reason to park in the parking lot and come inside to wait for who ever you are picking up. TSA check point is not that bad at all when you are flying out. I love this place!
I've flown out of this airport for quite a while now, since I have lived in Phoenix for several years, and I have to say, its quite a nice airport.  Sky Harbor has three Terminals, (terminal 2, 3 and 4) but it seems that most people fly out of Terminal 3 and 4...well, at least I have.  Plus, since I've had several family members and friends come in and out, I've had really positive experiences picking them up as well.. . My most recent visit was to Terminal 3, and it was really fun and easy getting in and out of here. I was dropped off by a friend, went inside and checked my luggage.  Security was easy, and off to my flight I went.  Plenty of places to eat and hang out in here, plus you get free wifi at the airport!  I hate running down my battery, so I try to plug it in when and where I can.  More challanging to find a plug if the airports busy, but its big enough to find one if you really scour.. . I also like that theres plenty of places to eat in AND out of the security area.  Makes waiting for a flight much easier, because if I want a cup of coffee, bagel, or something more substantial, I don't have to go through security to get it.  I've taken a few friends to the airport, parked the car, and gone in and had a quick bite to eat with them before their flight takes off.  I've also helped my mom navigate this place as well for when she gets into town so she knows where shes going.  My dad? not so much.  He prefers to navigate his own way.  LOL.. . There's also rental car counters in here as well, who will help you get into a vehicle when you arrive.  love it!. . Baggage claim here is quick.  I mean, its FAST.  Be prepared to get off your flight and go directly to get your bags, otherwise your gonna be late getting them!  Also, there's plenty of ground transportation here, so you can grab a taxi, super shuttle or what not to get a ride home in case you do not have one.  . . Even though I have never used it, there's also plenty of on and off site parking here as well.  Off site is obviously cheaper, and most of the spots have coupons along with regular shuttles to and from the lots to the terminals.  I also like how the light rail connects to Sky Harbor as well.. . Love you sky harbor, keep up the good work!
Easy to get to and from where i need to go i travel to NY very frequently and staff are way cool
One of the better airports I've been to. It's never busy traffic wise. easy to get dropped off, and easy to pick people up. The directions make sense, it's easy to loop around, and the officer people don't scream at you to keep moving.. . There are a good amount of restaurants and shops in all the terminals and there is free WiFi everywhere. The only downfall is that the people who come in and out of this airport are...older...and security takes way longer than it should. I'm not going to knock a star off for that cause it's not the airports fault...but would it be illegal to have different lines for the senior citizens?!
Efficient, simple to get to, and centrally located.  Great non-stops to pretty much everywhere I need to go.  If I end up moving to Phoenix I've no doubt we will be friends (and your free wi-fi and lightrail access don't hurt that relationship one bit.)
I love Sky Harbor.  The staff is friendly.  It's VERY Clean, plenty of dining/shopping options inside and out of security.  Security is INCREDIBLY fast considering sometimes the flow of traffic can be rather substantial.  There's always employees around to assist and they do so with a smile. An airport cannot be any better than this.  You can only pray to be as good.
Excellent, fast and friendly.  Clean restrooms and easy to navigate
Always a great experience at Phoenix Skyharbor ... food is great and well people are people especially in an airport. Overall i'm  pleasantly satisfied with this Airport.
Well when you fly from San Luis Obispo, CA to anywhere, your choices are limited. So You end up on US Airways to Phoenix, which is their hub. So I middle up there (as it is neither the end of the beginning of my trips) a lot. The Airport has lots of mini art galleries and great internet, and the book stores do me right, and the food choices are good for an airport. What this means is all my layovers work out just fine and Sky Harbor has taken care of me well! Thanks Sky Harbor.
This company was "no hassle" and we even left spending $10 less than estimate!  The front desk gentleman was very nice and thorough.  I recommend this car rental. It was my first time using them and the price was great and the car was perfect!
one of the better airports.
I love this airport. Seriously people. My home airport is LAX. Do you know how much it sucks!! . . Phoenix has a lot of things going for it :. . - It is a relatively easy airport to navigate. It is spread out, so those of you with children or disabilities may have a little bit of a harder time but there are mobile walkways which are a big help. . . - FREE WIFI. Seriously. It's like one-click access too, I love it! . . - Plenty of places to eat. There are  little cafes, sports bars, kid friendly places, stores with snacks. There's tons of places to eat!. . - Childrens playground (international terminal), it's a nice little way to wear out kids who are going to be on long flights.. . - Plenty of restrooms (I never once encountered a line...). . - Clearly marked TVs with flight information. . . -  Security moved quickly both times I was there (Christmas Eve and New Years Day).. . - Impressive baggage claim (as Heather said the TVs tell you where your bag is going to be, avoiding all confusion). . . - Lots of windows to view the amazing Arizona sunset.
Great place to transfer flights. The selections of restaurants is pretty good too. I especially like the Samsung charging stations to charge my cellphone and other electronics before I check-in at the gate. Definitely a Traveller friendly airport. Yeah, PHX.
Haven't been here since 1997! Man, now all the memories are back and can't wait to get situated in AZ for a couple days! ;-)
When was the last time you and your friends had a clambake? . Been a while?. . Not anymore.. Gather up your crew and head for Deck 9 at Terminal 4, Sky Harbor parking garage.. . Security rarely comes up here, and once wick'd from all the weed, you'll get to watch planes take off and land.. A righteous evening my man. . . Now load that bong, crank that old Rammstein CD, and smoke up your mom's Lexus like it's in a Kansas City Smokehouse.. . Enjoy. . And if the po-po show up, you're probably high enough that you can jump down to level 8 and hot-foot it over to the elevator.. . Sky Harbor International Airport Terminal 4 Parking garage.. Deck 9.. Rocks balls.
Love our city and airport!
Intellectually challenged from my nap from my flight, I had to use the bathroom. As I stepped out of the stall, I was surrounded by men. Like a boss, I washed my hands and no one said anything.
It's super easy to travel to and from Sky Harbor International Airport.  It really is America's friendliest airport.  I travel a lot through this airport and I am very happy with it.. . Baggage claim is consistently fast.  And I've never had trouble with parking in the economy lot and using the shuttle.. . Free wi-fi is awesome.. . Pretty good shops and restaurants inside.
It's called America's friendliest airport for a reason- it truly embodies world class service to all. I love it here it's clean, great places to eat and smiling faces to great you esp at TSA!
A great airport to be in with many different restaurants and shops to keep you busy on a 3 hour layover. When I had my 3 hour layover it didn't seem like 3 hours. I ate, walked around, and was on their free wi-fi that they provide in the entire airport. I can't complain about anything that had happened there. I didn't talk to anyone because it just wasn't the time for it, but everyone seems very friendly and willing to help you out in anyway you can.. . This used to be where I lived for years, and I loved every minute of it then. The view when you're taking off and landing is very nice, you'll see the hills and the landscape around you, showing why Sky Harbor is probably one of the best airports in the U.S.
The approach coming in was awesome! Coming in downwind, then making the base turn toward the final approach allowed for a great view of the area!. An airport like PHX with parallel runways allows for better traffic management for arriving and departing aircraft. . . From I-10, the signage to return rental vehicles is good. After returning the car, just board the shuttle to the terminal.. . I had no issues or delays at PHX!
The more I travel, the more thankful I am for my home airport. It is a clean venue featuring interesting decor, tasty food and drink (local faves: Sauce, Press Coffee) and I have never had a terribly long wait at security.
I like PHX airport.. . I find it easy to get through and logically laid out.. Baggage is simple and I like that you can be picked up at each of the 4 Terminals instead of having to take a train to a main one.. . I wish they had a few better eateries, but, hey, it's an airport.. (Is there some kind of law that requires airports to provide shitty, over-priced food?). . Overall, an easy place to navigate.
Phoenix Sky Harbor is one of the very best airports you could fly into or out of!  I travel a lot and I will admit that my rating of Sky Harbor was different a couple of years ago, but now they are one of the best!. . Top reason's why Sky Harbor rocks!. ~Location, location, location!! You don't have to drive way out to Timbuktu to catch a plane.  Super easy to get into the airport with east and west exits.. ~Size does matter!!  It's smaller and easier to get around than some of the larger airports.  You don't have to ride a stupid train to get your baggage!. ~It's very clean inside the terminals.  The decor is somewhat modern and it very interesting to look at.  They've done a very nice job with decorating the terminals in a desert theme but it doesn't feel like your in the desert...lol. ~TSA stations are easy to get through especially if you use your iPhone for your boarding pass.  Not all airports are offering this yet.. ~There are plenty of one stop flights available to most major cities!! YES!. They offer free WIFI ~ I know, I know this should be the standard now in all airports but it NOT!  Several major airports don't offer free WIFI?!?!. ~Plenty places to get a cup of coffee!. . Sure I call this airport home ~ but I would be a challenge to find a much better airport in the US!
I used to live in Arizona and have flown out of here, as well as flown through here as a layover so I have had the pleasure of experiencing each scenario of being a traveler in this airport.. . When flying out of here to go to Vegas, I parked pretty far away, and had a bus shuttle me into the airport. This was a fast and painless experience and only took about 10 minutes total. Once I got into the airport and got my boarding pass I went through security check within about 5 minutes. There were a lot of people there, however, the people from TSA were working fast and were still checking everything from what it seemed to me at least. So within 20 minutes of arriving to the airport I am already inside the airport and able to get to my terminal if I were in a hurry.. . Since I wasn't in a hurry because I give myself plenty of time to get to my destination when flying, I ended up getting something to eat at Round Table Pizza. This airport has a lot of shops and restaurants to choose from that will keep you occupied or get you what you want in a flash if you're in a hurry. I always find friendly people here that start up random conversations which I particularly enjoy doing while I travel, it makes the time fly by (pun intended).. . When I have flown through here from when I moved back to Buffalo, I was happy to be back to my favorite place I have ever lived in my life. I walked around in here until my flight was boarding just looking at the great looking landscape that is surrounding you outside. There are some hot spots in the airport that you can feel the heat beating through with the sun throwing down 110 degree heat, but it's a nice feeling of being back. The entire airport is obviously air conditioned, but it's nice to have Arizona throw me some nostalgic beams of heat to remind me what this great state does best, melt everything! hehe.. . Overall this is my favorite airport I've ever been to, and there's a reason it's called the Friendliest Airport....because everyone here is very nice, and helpful. I am surprised at the reviews here, but I guess you can't please everyone!
Lots of new dining options.....
Came to Sky Harbor from Detroit Metro Have to say Impressed with How it Turned out got to The Airport Earlier then scheduled Arrival, I have got to check out all the Stores and everything This One restaurant was kinda funny though I walked in with my Bag and A voice over the Intercom was talking about my Carry- On Bag... My Grandparents who Live In Arizona came and picked me up and Lucky for me It was not even 9am In Arizona and I had yet eat Any Breakfast at All..  So finally  being able to eat was Great , On my way back To The Airport to head home I was Excited yet wanted to stay, . I had A late night flight back To Detroit.. Security here though are very strict  on many things more so then At Metro but I just did what I had to do, I'm actually Planning A Return Trip Here soon.
Sky Harbor is by far my favorite airport, it's easy to navigate, has free Wi-Fi, and provides free cell phone lots if you're waiting to pick someone up. It's a happy accident that it's also my home town airport!
Good location, prices and it's great that this place has a South and North side to it. not too many terminals eitehr so it makes dropping or picking up easy..
I travel on a regular basis and have seen the best and the worst airports. I have not exactly seen it all, but enough, and Sky Harbor ranks in the top ten in my book. It is international yet has a small feel to it, meaning it is easy to get around in, and has quick security lines most all of the time in my experience. . . After reading some of the other reviews, I feel like I need to say that I have never had to connect here, so that is not a part of this review.
One of my favorite airports. Free WIFI, friendly staff, charging stations all over the terminals, lots of good dining options.
For ASU gear: shop at Team Sports USA - authentic merchandise.
This is a great airport. Easy to navigate and plenty of bars.
Friendly, friendly!!. .      I don't get to travel as much as I would like to at this point in time. However, the times that I have, I've been lucky to fly out from this baby! Phoenix Sky Harbor is truly incredible in delivering great customer service, lovely little shops, and clean grounds. I'm always excited when flying, I love it. But honestly, this airport is by far the friendliest and easiest to maneuver around in, truly awesome!! Oh and Don't forget to visit La Grande Orange, It will be a nice treat before your flight!! :) Chao!! Buen Viaje!! Bon Voyage!!
Terminals seem to be metasticising here.  One lovely link after another.  The newspaper during my visit proudly announced that a Sky Train would soon start service from downtown Phoenix to the airport. Cool.  . . I watched a television monitor in one of the gate areas as it scrolled local news.  Egad.  Because of Spring, "Rattlesnakes coming out of hibernation.  Snake bite numbers increasing."  I wasn't so eager to rush down to baggage.  But when I did,  retrieval was speedy.  . . The American flights brought me into a concourse that offered a steep escalator to baggage.  The surrounding walls in that escalator passage were sandstone with striations like the desert outside.  Suspended above the moving stairs was a vintage prop plane.  Its cables came from a divine Crafstman, stylized skylight - assumedly referencing Frank Lloyd Wright's Taliesin that is one of Phoenix's attractions.. . As for those snakes.  Never saw any.  No snakes on the plane.  No snakes in the airport.  I later asked a local who drove a shuttle about that scrolling news.  He just laughed and told me that it wasn't like the snakes were waking up and coming after people.  Fine.  I settled back and enjoyed the rare sajuaro cactii in the airport's xeriscaping, still glad it was all outside in the heat while I was inside a sealed car.
Giving an airport 5 stars?  I'm not sure why, but they do deserve it.  I made it from the taxi to my gate in less than 30 minutes which includes a long walk.  Even TSA seemed to have its act in order.  Very friendly and efficient.  Lots of food and shopping attractions in the main area, not so much at the gate area but it looks like thats being addressed.
I love this airport. Maybe its because i am from AZ. maybe it's because i live in Denver with the crappiest airport. MAYBE...it's because of Jimmy Eat World's "Goodbye Sky Harbor". I haven't been back here in 7 months, but so nice that the sky train to the light rail is up and running. I also love the mini versions of local restaurants. Can't wait for Lola Coffee to open!
Free wifi, quick check in and security, and a huge choice of food once you're in your gate.  Doesn't get much better than that.
Love this airport!  Quick and easy!
How can you say anything bad about this airport?  This is the America's Friendliest Airport and it offers Wi-Fi for FREE, let me say again ... FREE WI-FI.  Have a safe travels everyone!
One of the easiest Airports to navigate.  Clean and organized.   Security is usually efficient.
Better than most airports, I think.  Usually lines run pretty smoothly and the stores to shop at are places I usually like to peruse.
So I'm leaving on a jet planeeeeee... Don't know when I'll be back againnn..... . Well I always get so excited everytime I go here. Its just the whole feeling of going on a trip or just picking up business clients or family or friends from the airport. As much traffic it was during the day, I still get that happy feelings everytime I drive here..
I goddamn love sky harbor. Serious, were it possible to have intercourse with an airport, I would be humping the Barry Goldwater Terminal like a rabbit on adderall. I've never waited in line for more than 10 minutes...FOR ANYTHING! And I've flown in and out of here at least 30 times. . . TSA folks are chipper at their best and nonchalant at their worst. Can't ask for much  more than that. The food choices aren't as good as some other places (Denver or Salt Lake City, for example) but oh well. I'm here to fly, not buy.
It's not often that you see a pretty airport but the Phoenix airport has some cook features. Getting to the rental car building was a breeze. I walked outside in the 115 degree heat and got onto a bus that quickly took us to the site.
So I really wanted to visit my friend in California, but I was tired of walking and driving. My friend told me about something called airplanes, and told me to find that at an "airport.". . The nice people at the ticket counter even checked in my 49.5 pound bag, and some friendly people ran a security checkpoint to make sure I left my weapons at home. Security must be very popular because there's always a line whenever I go.. . The trip between states was definitely faster than anything I had ever walked. 10/10 would use again.
THANK YOU for being such a dog-friendly airport! We had a layover here both ways on our trip to New Jersey. My Jack Russell was VERY happy to get out and stretch his legs for awhile between flights. "The Bone Yard" was very clean, and had water bowls and faucets with cold water. They even had free poop bags, but I always carry some just in case. . . The security line was very short, and the TSA agents were very helpful (can you believe it?!) They were giving my dog a lot of love.. . There are a lot of name-brand stores and restaurants before you go through security, but in the terminals there are a mix of fast food (Nathan's, etc.) And cafe type places. I ordered a very yummy salad from the cafe in terminal D, it was very good and the cashier was very friendly, we had a nice little chat.
Way nicer than my LAX airport.
Phoenix Sky Harbor is really easy to get around, traffic isn't difficult to work with and with continuing updates Sky Harbor is on its way to being a world class airport.... also free wifi
Love this airport. The airport itself is very nice, with friendly staff and volunteers (look for the people in purple before TSA) to help you get where you are going. Pre security is pretty nice. Good selection of restaurants. Also, this has to be one of the few large airports in the US to offer free and reasonably fast Wi-Fi. I personally enjoy the speed and efficiency of this airport.. For those of you who say that the airport is in need of some new carpet: I agree. Those of you who think the layout is stupid: you are wrong. Airports aren't supposed to be a work of art. If you were to know a single thing about architecture, airport planning, and industrial design, you would realize that the way the airport is laid out is really efficient. You can quickly get to your terminal, and the E shape is so that airplanes can park on either side of the extending structures. Pre security is pretty nice.. For those of you who gave the airport itself a bad review becauseof an experience that you had with an airline, your review belongs on that airline's respective page. It is really misguiding when you rate an airport poorly because of a bad experience with an airline. You are supposed to rate and review the airport itself.  If you think this airport is bad, it must be the only airport in the world where you have spent a long delay or layover. Spend an 8 hour delay at JFK's terminal 2 or at O'Hare, and then we will talk.
Overall I really like this airport.  Access to the airport from multiple roadways helps reduce the traffic coming in.  I usually fly United or US Airways (star alliance) here and security is always quite fast.  Once you are inside the concourses are laid out efficiently and there are plenty of people movers in between.  There is free wifi here that is actually quite fast 3.89Mbps download and 31.48Mbps upload(speedtest.net).  Pretty good selection of restuarants.  As far as airports go this one is highly recommended.
Who woulda thought that what I thought was a small airport would be so nice.  Super clean, clear signage, comfortable waiting areas.  I didn't spend a lot of time here but I did walk through two concourses to catch my second leg to Burbank.  My first visit to this airport and I had assumed it was no larger than my local favorite Burbank.  I was wrong.  I don't think BUR even has a designated concourse?. . In any case, it always nice to have a few rolling sidewalks to get you where you are going especially if you are running a bit late.  Along the way, I noticed a few kiosks selling local Arizona jewelry and there was a lot of local art instead of just drab and dreary walls painted a cool gray or sky blue.  This airport appeared to have a variety of local food restaurants and national vendors instead of the same stale, mass-produced sandwiches provided by a single food concessions vendor.  . . I was hoping to grab a local Phoenix Starbucks coffee bug to add to my city & state collection, but didn't see a store.  Because it was so hot here today, the airport was a tad warmer than even Fort Lauderdale but the free wi-fi and charging stations made up for it.  "Give me a Hamm on five, hold the Mayo!" [Airplane! 1980]
Fast clean plenty of outlets to charge my devices while i wait to board the plane.
"World's friendliest"?  Uh, ok, if you say so!. . Good parking options, Skytrain out of the east economy garages is now a really nice upgrade, free WiFi (be sure to use a VPN on an open network like this), good food options, decent traffic flow.  Decent bar selection and quantity too.  Clean, modern, well-run.  Makes a good first impression on out-of-town visitors.  Two thumbs up for Sky Harbor.
Love this airport - especially Terminal 4. It has so many great restaurants.  The bathrooms are so clean and it's just easy to find the gates.
Vegas was fun. So tired from the rock and roll marathon
I am afraid of flying but I actually get excited to wait in the Phoenix airport before a flight. I've never been delayed at this airport, the longest I've waited for security is 25 minutes, and the staff are really friendly all the time. . Most importantly THE FOOD!!!! It's amazing! Blanco in the airport, are you serious? $5 tequila shots before I board a 6 hour flight? Yes please. They've stepped their game up big time here, I forget I'm even in the airport it's so damn nice. . . On the other end of things picking someone up from the airport is pleasant too, convenient cell phone lots and remarkably not ever that crowded, even on like a Friday night.
Cell Phone Lot is really full?. This Airport is quick, safe, friendly, and convent.  It's my home base A/P, I would take it over LAX any day.  No 105 FWY! :) enjoy people.
I have traveled a good amount in my life. Sky Harbor Airport is clean, the security lines are normally not too long, and there are TONS of food and shop options in all 4 terminals.. The parking is just about as expensive as all airport parking.. Shuttles are decently priced, and the signage is good.. For a large airport...it is great! I enjoy flying in/out of here.
I have flown into Phoenix 3 times, two with connections to Flagstaff via US Airways Express. This airport is easy to navigate around, everything is clearly marked. The lines for security weren't too bad. There aren't a lot of food choices in the A terminal where US Airways flies into. Be sure to get a cool Arizona souvenir on the way out!
I've been through a lot of airports and this one has some of the cleanest and most modern facilities, friendliest employees, shortest lines and nicest restaurants.. . Clean, easy to navigate, lots of parking options, frequent shuttles from off site parking, and food from some of the city's best restaurants. Since I travel so often, I'm thrilled that this is my airport.
I may be partial to this airport since it's my own, but I find it easy to navigate.
I like travelling from this airport due to the ease of access from everywhere... . . i usually take the Light Rail, this way i don't have to worry about paying a shuttle...
As a proud Phoenician born and raised, there is some sort of civic pride when I mention my airport. It is a very busy airport, indeed...but it is efficient, nonetheless. Also, before reading, keep in mind that TSA, across the board, is always a crapshoot of crapiness. I leave them out of my reviews, because we all know how "lovely" they are.. . ~The Good~. Sky Harbor is one of the busiest airports in the world, and they are very efficient. I have never waited on the tarmac to take off, in my 27 years of flying out of the place. As air trends have evolved, so has Sky Harbor. We as a society locally have trended to hip and fun food joints, so what did Sky Harbor do? They brough in local popular  merchants like LGO and gave them their own stores in terminals. SCORE! I hate feeling like I am trapped in a cookie cutter food joint, so being able to attend an airport, and STILL eat local, that is full of win. Another nice thing is that Sky Harbor has volunteers that roam the terminals to guide aimless travelers. I have never used them, but they are always gracious and kind, and seem ready to help. . . Being a big airport, you would think its a mess getting through the TSA. But since weather isn't a big issue, we can always count on arriving at a set time prior to flight to get ready for pre-boarding. I am a planner, so knowing I do not have to plan random variables is a big plus. The airport is right in the middle of all the action, and is 15 minutes away from most cities in Phoenix Metro. How much else can I say? They really did it right when they built this airport...and they continue to provide great service.. . ~The Bad~. I have no real complaints...The parking rates are goofy, but that's the same way it is at most airports...If you are parking and leaving your car for an extended period of time, there are vendors who can provide much cheaper options, so problemo solved! I think my only beef is with some of the expansions they have done, which seem  to not really have helped much. The people-mover they built seems to try to make us more of a tech-savvy or next-generation airport, but we aren't an inner-city kind of town, so the mover was, in my mind, a big waste of money. Oh well. Nice airport, just wish they would put money in the right spots.. . ~The Down Low~. Great airport. No complaints. 5 stars for customer service, flight success rate, updated restaurant/amenity selections, location, and general ease of travel. Do not hesitate flying in to this airport, Phoenix is an awesome city with an awesome-sauce airport. Woot!
Always clean, easy, simple, and organized!!!. Cell phone lot has a billboard that keeps you in the know & there is a restroom if you need it.  The Christmas rush is very doable here at Sky Harbor.
I was very impressed with my most recent experiences at the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.  They have made some great changes over the years and my opinion of this airport has improved quite a bit.... especially in relation to many other airports.. . The security checkpoint is the most efficient I have experienced in a long time.  The way they have it set up keeps the lines moving, which avoids massive backups and long waits I have seen at other airports.  It was the first time I haven't had to remove my shoes while going through security since 2005.. . They also have free internet access, which is very helpful when I'm in the mood to write Yelp reviews while waiting for my flight.
I love this airport. . . My family is in California and I fly a lot for business so I spend a lot of time here. I love the volunteer ambassadors in purple, I love the free wifi, I love all the art throughout the terminal and the art gallery in terminal 4. I haven't tried out the new restaurants yet but I love that they brought in some local favorites instead of chain restaurants. Barrio Cafe and Le Grande Orange are the most recent but I believe Humble Pie will also have a location in the airport soon. The security line is generally  busy but moves fast. I am very happy that PHX is a TSA Pre location, that will speed up the security lines even more.
