The Combination Pan Roast was AMAZING!! It has shrimp, lobster and crab mixed in it and one scoop of rice! It tapped on every one of my taste buds and was seasoned to perfection!! You are able to choose your level of spice preferred (I chose 7...shouldve done 10). . . We waited 1 1/2 hrs at about 12pm on New Years Day and it was well worth the wait!! Bob is hilarious and truly lives what he does! This will be my first stop when I return!!
Vegas' best kept secret! Pan roast amazing!! Great clam steamers. And in the evenings they have the best crabcakes too! Don't miss out on this place.
Awesome food & experience! Expect a long wait if you're goin during lunch or dinnertime. They are now open 24 hours. Must try the oysters, lobster gumbo, panroast, crab lump cocktail, & clam chowder.
You don't come off the strip to Palace Station to gamble.. You come here for Oyster Bar.  You wait ever so patiently to sit at a small bar. It is what it is!. The food is cooked right there in front of you. This spot is a no frills no nonsense kind of place. Don't line jump either, they will catch you.. Our waitress was Sandra and she was a total sweetheart. . I had a dozen oysters and the house gumbo while my friends had various versions of the pan roast. The portions are HUGE, like a large sized bowl of pho. I recommend you share an entree with someone and then order some oysters.. . AWESOME FOOD. AMAZING SERVICE.
By far my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas! When you first get to the Oyster Bar, you'll probably have to suffer through an hour long wait, which will be spent trying to see how much food the lucky bastards already seated have left in their bowl and then giving them the stare of death. But trust that your patience will be rewarded!. . A must order for me is the Pan Roast with lobster. Its a rich creamy tomato based dish, full of flavor from the chefs secret mix of seasonings and served as spicy as you can handle. One dish should satisfy a grown mans hunger or you can split it with a significant other with a lesser appetite. I would order a clam chowder for good measure.. . I'm actually drafting this review while in line to pass the time and avoid giving out too many dirty looks. Do yourself a favor and stop by Palace Station on your next Vegas trip! Keep your party to 4 or less since seating is very limited.
We stayed in Vegas over the weekend for a wedding at the Palace Station. The hotel caters to locals so it's not flashy. But the real draw is the Oyster Bar. I've had some of the best New England Clam Chowder EVER. My husband had the Manhattan Clam Chowder and he loved it. They served it piping hot and the only downside is just one piece of bread. We had the coffee gelato for dessert and it was perfect! . . I recommend you hurry and try to get a seat at the bar as it fills up very quickly!
What can I say the combo pan roast was just excellent. It is shrimp, crab & lobster cooked in a tomato based cream soup. The New England clam chowder was also excellent. Beware you will be sitting in a bar which probably only sits about 16-18 people. On a busy night it will be along wait, at least an hour. i think we ate an hour and a half after standing in line but well worth it especially with a tall glass of cold beer.
I have to admitI was skeptical of this place. It's in the Palace Station, the food is relatively expensive, and having family from New Orleans makes me a very picky seafood eater! I was so, so wrong. I should have known this many Yelpers can't be wrong!!. . I'm kind of obsessed with lobster bisque so I had to go for the Combo Pan Roast. At $19.99 it was quite the gamble, but this was actually a bowl of "soup" worth the high price tag! . . At 11 AM, there was no wait and we even questioned whether it was actually open 24 hours since there was literally no one there. We sat down and were served quickly. It was such a treat to watch it being made and it was clear the guy knew his stuff. . . I'd compare this to a lobster bisque, but I'll say this is the best "bisque" I've ever eaten! It had much more depth of flavor than a bisque does and so many more yummy ingredients. The shrimp were HUGE and cooked perfectly. Very high quality. The crab meat was so-so, but the lobster was phenomenal. There were perfect tiny bites of red peppers that added the right amount of sweetness. I ate it without the rice and could barely finish half.. . I will say I wouldn't wait 2 hours for this "soup" (you Yelpers are crazy!), but at 11 AM with no wait, it's something I'll be doing again and again - I already have a return visit scheduled for Wednesday! Don't let the ghetto location or high price tag scare you off - the quality will far exceed your expectations.
Worth the wait. There was only four people ahead of us and it took an hour for us to get seated, but once you are seated you see why it takes so long.. They make the gumbo right in front of you and they have only 6 gumbo making pots.. I got the Lobster pan roast, level 7. I asked the guy cooking and he said 5 is medium, 3 is mild. 7 was was perfect for me, i love spicy food. The person next to me had a level 10 and let me try a bit, you can definitely taste the spiciness right away and i was able to handle easily, but i don't think i could eat a whole bowl of it.. My wife got the Cioppino and added pasta to eat, level  5. Level 5 was too for her and she had a hard time finishing it.. If you don't like seafood, I would still recommend coming here, none of the dishes had a seafood taste. The spices they used got rid of the seafood taste.. This is place that every time I come to Vegas I have to go to.
Oh my goodness...i had a dozen of clams and half a dozen of oysters on the half shell. Oysters were very fresh and yummy. The clams were the medium size cherry stone clams. They were very fresh and sweet. I also had a couple bites of my BF's gumbo. The gumbo was a little salty for my taste but the flavor was good. I will definitely come back in the future when I get a chance.
I ALWAYS order the combination pan roast. I am NEVER disappointed. Be sure to go after the lunch/dinner rush.. There are like only 12 seats or so. You will be waiting for at least an hour (If you're lucky) I just found out they are open for 24 hours! Everyone I take here is as impressed - my must go-to spot whenever I go to Vegas. . . I think everything on the menu is fabulous.. enjoy!!
Oyster Bar has some of the best food I have had in Vegas. The lobster pan roast is AMAZING! The serving sizes are so big -- I always have leftovers. The oysters were fresh and tasty but the chef shucking them did shatter a lot of shell bits into the meat.  . . The only downside to oyster bar is the wait during dinner. We waited 1.5 hours to be seated (there were just two of us). I would not recommend going to Oyster Bar with more than 3 people because the seating is very limited. However, it is now OPEN 24 HOURS!!!! So during "off hours" I would assume the seating would be quicker.
You can't go to Vegas and not have the gumbo at The Oyster Bar... It's sooooooo freaking GOOD!!! . There is a long wait to get seated since it's just a small bar that can hold up to 12-15 people... and the food does take a while to cook, but once you get to eat your yummy bowl of gumbo, you realize it was worth the wait... At least that's how I feel hehe :D. I haven't tried the rest of the menu, cuz I'm too much in luv with the gumbo, but I hear it's all pretty yummy :)
Simply a WOW! Casual and great food. Sit at the "Bar" and enjoy. Not dressy or pretentious but great seafood. I had a Vodka Martini straight up and crab legs and thought I was in heaven. FUN FUN FUN.
No offense to Palace Station, but the only reason a tourist should venture there is for cheap gambling or Oyster Bar.  Actually, I take that back.  Oyster Bar is the only reason to go to Palace Station.  It's a true Yelp gem and I find myself craving it whenever I'm in Vegas and even when I'm not.. . Seriously, the COMBO PAN ROAST is delicious!  The pictures don't really do it justice.  Under the sea of brown soup and rice, it's loaded with lobster, shrimp and crab.  It's a seafood orgy.  There's heavy cream in it, so if you are lactose intolerant, you might consider trying the gumbo.  But if not, the roast is the way to go.  I hear the Bouillabaisse is good too.. . Everything at Oyster Bar is prepared fresh to order which is great, however, wait times can be really rough.  There are maybe 14 seats at the bar and only 6 steam kettles to cook the roasts.  This means they can only cook 6 roasts at a time and each roast takes 15-20 minutes to make.  Plus, I hear the wait to be seated at dinner can be as long as 2 hours so you do the math.  It also doesn't help that there is only 1 cook and 1 waiter.  Just go early to be safe.  . . Open 24 hours!  I've come at 3am once to no wait.. . 4.5 stars rounded up!
A gem you wouldn't expect to find in an old, dingy casino slightly off strip.. . The Oyster Bar has a true following--and if you attempt to eat here, be prepared for a bit of wait.  The counter doesn't serve more than 20 (at most!) at a time--but I assure you--it's worth the wait.  . . Regardless of what you order--their dishes are cooked to order directly in front of you--and you will have to do everything in your power to not drool all over your setting.  Each dish is loaded with tons of seafood.  Combine with with the butter, spices, and base they let cook in front of you--and your poor stomach will sit in gluttonous anticipation for the next 20 minutes.  . . I've been here twice--each time ordering the Etouffee. It's amazing!  It's a wonderful creole/french soup that's wonderfully spiced and loaded with seafood.  It's the less creamy version of the Oyster Bar's Pan Roast.  I happen to enjoy the soup more because it's less rich than the Pan Roast--but I've had the Pan Roast--and it's certainly nothing to scoff at.  It's amazing!  Just a tad too rich for me.. . You can spice up your dishes the way you like.  I like my spice and generally order a 7.  Spicy, but still enjoyable.  I've tasted an 8...and while delicious...definitely left me gulping down a lot more water than I wanted.  . . I've seen orders of the shrimp scampi and the linguine a la vongole--and i can tell you that even in my bloated state, wanted to order them. They look crazy good.  . . Oh--and before I forget...these bowls are huge!  Please share.  If you can finish it on your own--you're a champ.
One place where i would wait 2 hours to be seated.  I was there for super bowl sunday this year and thought i could eat a combo roast before the big game.. Well i thought wrong, me my fiance and my two friends waited for 2 hours to be seated and after we sat and were in heaven.  The only bad thing about this place really is the seating.  The food is just amazing, everytime i go to vegas this is my first and last stop.
The Combo Pan Roast is delicious!  So is there clam chowder and oysters!  The Chef is hilarious... he's got such a rough around the edge attitude...  something like a Peter Luger, so do be put off right away.  He's a great guy.  Also the server is this sweet woman that makes up for his roughness.  Awesome Oyster Bar team!
The wait is definitely long but it is worth it. . . At first, I was a bit skeptical about the highly-raved soup my cousin was telling me about. From the looks of it, it was so simple and it seemed like it required no skill. However, once I tasted it, OH MAN, it was delicious! I had the combination tomatoe soup. It was really good and quite pricey, but that was okay. I shared my soup with two others, so it did not cost me too much. I also got the oysters. I don't know if it's me and my dislike for eating oysters, I just thought the oysters were unimpressive. . . Quite honestly, I want to return to Vegas strictly for the soup :) This time, maybe I should buy some and bring it back and I might even try other things :}
We went around 10:30pm so it was not full , we only waited for 10 minutes.  I shared with my husband the steamed clams with a wine and butter broth (super delish) and also a combo pan roast.  The combo pan roast was excellent the seafood was fresh we had ours spicy level 6 (perfect number its spicy but its not overpowering).  Overall everything was good and fresh and they cook everything in front of you so you see everything thats going on with your food.
Open 24 hours! How cool is that? We took advantage of the expanded hours and came after midnight on a Saturday and found room for the 3 of us. Even at that hour, open seats were quickly filled by a steady stream of Oyster Bar fans. Before we ordered, we chatted with those next of us to scope out what we should get. Ultimately, based on the recommendation of the chef, we settled on sharing their 3 most popular dishes: combo pan roast, gumbo, and the bouillabaisse, listed in my order of preference. These entrees were served in heaping bowls that no mere mortal can finish and the family style approach was the perfect way to enjoy the food. We ordered our food with a spiciness scale of 8 (of 10). I think next time I'm dialing it back to a 6. Each dish was teeming with seafood cooked just right, which surprised me because the dishes were cooking for quite awhile in front of us. The flavor of the pan roast was superb and the standout. We also shared some raw oysters and a cup of dirty chowder (blend of New England and Manhattan). Both were great too. . . The quality of the food, the counter seating and being able to observe your food being cooked in front of you makes the Oyster Bar a very unique dining experience. And for a Cajun food lover such as me, this place is simply out of this world!
Prices are a bit steep, but it's good stuff they've got here!! The Palace Station secluded from everything else. Oyster Bar is definitely the crown jewel of this palace!! . . No wait at 2am. My bf really enjoyed the warm sourdough rolls they gave us. We shared a bowl of CLAM CHOWDER and a CRAB AND LOBSTER PAN ROAST. They both are SOOOO GOOOOD. :))))). . Bf said this was the best clam chowder he's ever had. I thought it was aite...if it had a little less salt, maybe. It's a pretty big bowl of soup, because we could barely finish the pan roast. Seriously, the two of us, hungry and tired heavy weight eaters could not finish?. . There's a bit of a wait since they make the pan roast right there in front of you. I didn't want shrimp in ours so the lady nicely replaced it with extra crab. Heh too bad it wasn't extra lobster - the lobster is YUUUMMMAY! Nice big chunks. A bowl of pan roast has SOOO much meat in it. The base was extremely creamy and tomato-y. At spicy level 2, it felt like a giant fancy bowl of tomato soup! I love tomato soup. I guess our server knew we were sharing the pan roast so she gave us two scoops of rice on two separate plate before I even asked =). . We finished less than half the pan roast and took the rest to go. Since it was day 1 of our 3 day trip to Vegas, I was afraid it would spoil. But my bf loved it so much that he insisted we bring it home to LA. THAT is how good Oyster Bar's pan roast tastes.. . UPDATE: Try your very best to avoid dinner hours. The wait is dreadful, especially for a party of 4. There are only so many seats at the bar.
This place has been one of our favorites! The smell of cajun food while you walk by just makes you want to stop and look. Besides the 1 hr+ wait, we don't have any complaints about Oyster Bar.. . We ordered a dozen of oysters as appetizers which were extremely fresh and clean. Their tartar sauce gave the oyster just the right amount of flavoring. My boyfriend ordered the Boulibase while I got the Lobster Pan Roast. The chef will actually make these spicy for you, giving it even more spice! The Boulibase was filled with large chunks of crab, lobster, shrimp, clams, fish, you name it! The Pan Roast is still my favorite though. It's a perfect combo of Cajun spice, creamy tomato sauce, and a generous portion of lobster chunks. It's a must-try at this place! Make sure to order the rice separate if you are planning to share. One portion or "bowl" is enough to fill up any hungry stomach.. . We're excited to come back here again. Now that they're open 24 hours, I can't wait to dodge the lines and get some great food.
From the Wynn, we ask cab to take us to the best seafood in town.  So, westbound on Sahara we go..not knowing wth to expect..two minutes later, we see the Spearmint Rhino drawing near on the horizon...definitely smelled like seafood..and looked like an abalone was wedged in between everyone's legs.. . Actually, a friend of ours (thanks Fred) recommended this place to us for literally years so we finally decided to experience it for ourselves.  Upon arrival, we find bar seating only, which is limited to roughly 20 stools.  I heard/read at peak points during the day the wait is about an hour but the 2 consecutive nights we came, 5am and 6am respectively, there was no wait at all. .  . Great time to end the night or start the day.  Open 24 hours.  They also take phone orders.. . Both mornings fellow yelper and pal Chris K treated the boys to the combo roast (lobster, crab, shrimp) at spice level 8/10.  The dish is a tomato based bisque/puree and for my palate wasn't spicy enough but heavenly nonetheless.  One combo roast is definitely enough for two, so order accordingly.  It takes about 10-15 minutes for the dish to arrive but time flew as we watched Ricardo the filipino prepare it before our very eyes.  Ricardo and an elderly caucasian gentlemen, who resembles Syracuse's Jim Boeheim, are probably the coolest cats in town..  . Be especially vigilant while Ricardo generously pours what he calls "heavy cream."  For all I know, it is liquefied crack (coined by Brian J).  Portions are generous and accompanied by (unlimited?) steamed white rice and warm sourdough rolls.. . I will never go to another buffet in Vegas ever again, I'd rather eat here 3x...a day.
This place is a hidden gem referred to by a friend.  It's a small counter in the middle of the casino that sits about 15 people.. . Rolled up with 4 friends for late night grub...late night as in 6am, and the Chef Ricardo recommended the Combo Roast.. . Let me tell you, this is one of the best things I've ever tasted.  Forget the fact that it's $20, they hook it up!  It comes in a large bowl with all you want jasmine rice and bread.  It's filled with shrimp, lobster and crab and Ricardo makes it right in front of you.  You can choose the spice level 1-10, 8 should be good enough for those who like just a hint of spice.  The cream they mix in at the end is the secret ingredient - it's a mixture of different seafood broths and a heavy cream.  To me it's the definition of "umami.". . If you want something great to eat and don't mind cabbing it over to Palace Station (located on west side of strip, north of Rio), this is the place TO GO!. . Ricardo is a good guy - he's make good conversation, tells jokes, talks about his experiences, and genuinely enjoys your company.  Tell him it's your first time and he'll hook you up.. . This place was so good we ended up going the next day at 6am again to have the exact same thing.
I'm a big fan of this place.  It's open 24 hours!  The staff is great and good for them they are always busy.  The wait can be quite long though, but its worth it.  It seems like I always wait an average of 20-30 minutes.  The waitress, Sandra is such a sweetheart too. . .  My favorite there is the combo roast, my second favorite is the mussels.  However you really can't go wrong- everything on the menu is absolutely tasty.  . . *Tip: If you are like me and enjoy spicy foods, however like to taste your food instead of have your tongue burn a "good burn" (lol) it's probably best to order the spiciness 5/6 (scale is typical 1-10; 10 being spiciest of course).  Enjoy!
I am not one for lines or a wait unless it's really worth it. . . As much as the reviews rave, I was very skeptical. I mean, people line up  for overrated crap like Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate which is easy to make at home better. Even when Yelp friends said all good things, I was still skeptical. . . We started with a dozen oysters ($16.99) which were Fanny Bay ones from Vancouver, BC. Very fresh and tasty. The BF normally doesn't eat too many oysters but he was into these. . . We shared a Combo Pan Roast ($19.99) . Blair B. is spot on that this is like the best "bisque"but taken up a notch. It's hearty and filled with fresh seafood. I'm part Asian so I love my rice and that just made me like it even more. It's rare for the BF to be so into a place and telling me he can't wait to be back and what he wants to order so he's just as pleased as I am.. . We waited maybe an hour around 11pm on a Sunday and that was an okay wait for how much enjoyment we got. I think though that's the cap as two hours standing in place is a little rough for my injured knee.. . With it's success,  I don't get though why they haven't expanded this place even a little bit. The Broiler next door didn't have a person there and it's a waste of a medium size dining room. 18 seater would be fine for any old oyster bar, but with this traffic it's a bit odd to keep it this small. We saw a lot of people turn away. I'm sure they do well, but that was at least a dozen people that left when they saw a line. . . Still, definitely a great surprise. We'll be back for late night eats.
Really, a 45 minute wait at 11 PM on a Sunday night? . . My thoughts until I tasted the Combo Pan Roast. So damn EFFIN good!!. . Chef JJ and server Joe rocked...this place is a new Vegas tradition.
I'm so scared to write a review of this place...  The lines are already crazy enough!!  I guess the cat's out of the bag...  ;). . OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Why can't I give 10 Stars??. . From the first time I came to this lil bar with 22 seats, I have come here every time I'm in Vegas.  I even came twice in one day, just once!!!  I know, I'm crazy, huh?  Every person I have brought here raves about it!!!. . My favorite thing to get is the Lobster Pan Roast, but I add sausage...  MMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmMMMMMMMM  It is this tomato based creamy yumminess with spices cooked in front of your eyes in this awesome steam fondue thingy!!  You get to watch them make it!!  Then they add in your favorite ingredients, mine are the lobster and sausage (its charged as Combo Pan Roast ~$20).  I don't recommend getting crab because the flavor of the cream sauce overpowers the crumbled crab (not imitation) taste so you don't even notice it.  The shrimp is pretty good, too.  I don't remember what other ingredients you can add.  This huge bowl comes out to you with a scoop of steamed white rice.  HEAVEN IN A BOWL!!!!  Personally, I like to wash mine down with refillable Root Beer.  Big time happy me!  :D. . Clam Chowder - wonderful!  Make sure you share this cuz it's a pretty big bowl.. . Oysters on a half shell - very fresh!!  . . Gumbo - meh. . Warm yummy sourdough bread is delish!!!  On the house too!. . The portions are huge, so you may want to share.  I don't share my pan roast tho :P. . This lil bar is located in the casino area of Palace Station, next to The Broiler.  Do not go inside the restaurant, it has pan roasts..  but not the same!!. . Make sure you are not starving when you are on the way over, as the line can get LONG!!!. . The parking is great at this casino because there is lots of self parking.. . Say hi to Bob for me!!
Oh i wish the distance from OC to Vegas is 30 minutes so that  I can eat here every other day.... Why why why can't we havea place like this somewhere in OC???
OYSTER BAR THE PLACE WHERE FOOD PEARLS ARE MADE. . Thank you Thank you all the Yelpers that got me here.. .   This was an amazing place filled with all the wonders of the sea and a staff that are the Pearls of this Oyster.. .   I started out my first day in Las Vegas with a big bowl of Combo Pan Roast and WOW. I could have turned around and gone home and been happy I made the 10 hour trip to Vegas. Yes it was that good. I ate here 6 times during my stay in Vegas and each time was different and wonderful. I started it all off with the Combo Pan Roast and ended with the Combo Pan Roast. Go for the level 9 gives it a nice kick. . .    The flavor of the Pan Roast is something that makes you feel content; when you're done eating it you know if that was the last thing you ever ate it would be ok with you.  . .     I also tried the Alaskan Chowder which is their clam chowder Kicked Up a Notch. Was really good comes with Lobster, crab, and shrimp + a few other add-ons that make it really good. On another visit I got the Etouffee which has a water base and had a bit more kick to it at a level 8 but has deep flavor. . .     The oysters were fresh and a perfect appetizer or even a dessert they are that good. I did get to try the gumbo also not quite my kind of gumbo a bit darker in flavor than I like but still tasty. . .   The best part of the Oyster Bar is the People who work there Sandra made every meal special and Ricardo makes the place fun and a blast to be at. Each time that I was there I met good people to talk with and great food to eat. This is the Cheers of Oyster Bars. If you even have a doubt if it is worth waiting in line for 2 hours to eat here I will say with a smile that the answer is YES hands down.
I'm pretty sure I'll make a good effort to come back to this place every time I go back to Vegas.  I found this place by seeing my brother's yelp and decided to check out the hype and it was one of the best decisions I made that weekend. Lines can be long because everything is made to order and there are about 10 seats total. Come between 2-4 and there shouldn't be much of a wait. . . We had some beer and oyster bloody mary shots to start. For an appetizer, we had the seafood platter. Raw oysters and clams and jumbo shrimp.  It was so fresh and delicious! Who knew raw seafood could be that fresh in the middle of the desert! .   . The seafood pan roast. OMG. The Pan Roast.  What the heck is a pan roast? I still have no clue.  But it's creamy bowl of goodness served with a scoop of rice.  It looks and acts like a gumbo but without southern creole flavors.  You can choose to make it as spicy as you want. I got an 8 and it was pretty spicy. Each bowl is pretty large and I saw a lot of locals share a bowl between 2. We each ordered our own and I almost finished it all! It was so good I couldn't stop eating! . . Drinks were cheap and plentiful, food was unique, delicious, and huge. Our cook was hilarious. A great experience!
was here on business and noticed an ongoing line to be seated at the bar. I had the opportunity to dine there tonight and was not disappointed. I had the seafood pan roast spiced at #7. It was excellent. Recommend highly.
The only place in Vegas we returned to more than once during our recent stay.  The Oyster Bar is a very casual place; it's a 3-sided counter just a few steps away from the casino.. . We went late every time (after midnight) and loved meeting all the great characters from all over the world.  Steven is the counter guy, and Ricardo is the cook (a machine, actually) who are talkative and entertaining guys.  . . The chowder is awesome, the bouillabaisse is fantastic, but the Pan Roast is my personal favorite (kinda a bisque-like soup jam-packed with crab, lobster, shrimp, chicken & andouille sausage).. . I can't recommend this place highly enough.
MMMMMMMMMM  just got back from a Girls Vegas Weekend and visited here for lunch on Sunday.. . THEY ARE NOW OPEN 24 HOURS!!!!!!!!!!  OOOOOOOMMMMMGGGG!!!!!!!!!!. . I have never tried the clams on a half shell before, but OMG!  they were so delish and fresh and sweet!!!  MMMMMMMMM. . Must come back very very soon!!!
Eww. What am I doing inside the Palace Station outta all places in Vegas?? . . Trying to eat some of the BESTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT PAN ROASTTTTTTTT and GUMBOOOO EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!! ever ever ever.. . It's so good, I can't think of one complaint or one thing they could do to make it better.... . oh I know what they could do.... find a way to seat more people!!! It's right next to the casino, so at least you can gamble while watching the line go down. ;)
First off let me say.... I don't eat here for dinner. Line is way to long. This is a breakfast joint 4 me. Best food around.
5 tips.... 1. Long Line - be prepared to wait. 2. Get the Pan Roast. I like spicy (jalapenos and habaneros) so 7-8 would be ideal.. 3. Get the Jumbo Lump Crab Cocktail - so good.. 4. Their horseradish and cocktail sauce is freaking amazing!. 5. Cheap and BOMB Fanny Bay oysters. Dozen for $16.99!!!!!
Thanks to you guys I can't eat clam chowder anywhere else!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE your Alaskan Chowder! I stop in everytime I'm in Vegas!!!!
There's only about 18 seats at the Oyster Bar, so come early unless you want to wait for a seat to open up.  Not that waiting is an issue with Oyster Bar...waiting is just a necessary prelude for a dynamic finale, namely the food.  Any wait time for good food is excusable.  It's better to wait for good food for an hour or two then to eat at an establishment that serves mediocrity.. . My brother found this place on Yelp.  I really want to thank my brother and all the Yelpers that submitted honest reviews of this place to make us come here.  The food is simply...amazing!  Thanks everybody!  I really want to keep this place hush hush but seems like I'm too late, the word has already spread around Yelp that Oyster Bar is the real deal.  Surprise, surprise, we sat next to some Yelpers and people who came because of the Yelp reviews of Oyster Bar, today, during lunch.  It's a small world after all.... . First off, do yourself a favor and order the reasonably priced Fanny Bay oysters for $16.99. It's hard to see that price for Fanny Bay anywhere else.  Secondly, as you're waiting for whatever delicious entree you ordered, munch on that awesome bread they gave you.  Ask for more bread for later to dip on your Palace Pan Roast ($22.99).  They offer you a heat level of 1 through 10.  Don't go showing off now!  A 7 is pretty hot already.  The cook and waiter told us stories of many people who couldn't handle a 10.  Don't be that guy!  We also had the Seafood Jambalaya ($23.99) at a level 6.  Just enough heat without losing the overall flavor.  In a nutshell, the food here is awesome, especially the Palace Pan Roast.  Most people usually lose when going to Las Vegas, don't you lose out by not coming to Oyster Bar!
I didn't know what a pan roast was when I walked in but after my first spoonful I was converted. I was thinking of getting a gumbo because I knew what to expect but I'm glad I didn't. The pan roast had crab, shrimp & lobster. It's was creamy, tangy and full of Umami. Spice level was at 7 just as I requested. What made the difference Sherry that was added to finish the dish. They should change their name to the Pan Roast and Gumbo Bar.
If you didn't get the idea from the 200+ user reviews raving about this place, then yes, the Oyster Bar is delicious. "How delicious," you ask? "Very delicious," I say. When a place has me ogling over a pan roast more than a celebrity crush, it really means something (Actually, that might just mean that I'm a glutton. Never mind that though). . . Since there are already boatloads of praise from other wonderful Yelpers, I'll try not to be redundant. Thus, I'll leave you with a summation of tips, from one glutton to another:. 1. First visit? Order a pan roast. It's practically their signature item. Ordering other items could leave you happy, but not as happy as a pan roast would make you. You do like to be happy, don't you?. 2. Starving? Order a platter of fresh oysters too. They're some of the freshest oysters that I've had in Vegas.. 3. Pro-tip? Get an extra roll with your pan roast to use as a shoveling tool. Extras are free. You just have to ask for them.. 4. Pro-pro-tip? Friday and Saturday nights are their peak hours. You could be standing in line for 30 minutes to an hour. I've heard that it's gotten as long as 2.5 hours at the most busy of times. On a early Sunday afternoon, I got seated with a group of 4 instantly.. 5. Want to go there now? Call me. It's a date.
This place is probably the best hidden gem in Las Vegas...although I don't know how much more hidden it is as I had to wait almost 2 hours on a Thursday night the last time I went.  The gumbo is amazing and has all different levels of spice.  They can really make it hot like fire if you like it that way.  The oysters are prolly the best in Vegas...super fresh!
I never met a bowl of gumbo so good before from a place that was not my Aunts House.  . . This small restaurant at Palace Station more than get the stamp of approval from me when it comes to serving up delicious cuisine such as gumbo, even though my stamp of approval doesnt matter.  . . The moral of the story is: Its Good, and if you so happen to be in Vegas when you have  a gumbo craving, bring ya ass down to the Oyster bar.
This meal changed my life. I have never had so many different flavors and textures on my tongue at once entertaining all of my taste buds making me blush with excitement. This dish is sexy. Definitely not just a Wham Bam sexy either. She's smooth, bold and hot!!! . . I ordered the Combo Pan Roast at a Level 10 for spice and the heat from the Habanero complimented the richness of the bisque. I savored each and every bite while trying to detect the ingredients that make it so incredibly flavorful. Is it Brandy or White Wine in the sauce? Who cares, I am so sold and chalking this down in my list for Top 5 Favorite Meals of All Time. . . Yes, there was a wait and yes, I will wait again! The service and the dish were on point. I was left feeling completely satisfied and yet, the memory lingers in my mind......... Oh yes, we will meet again.
My girlfriend had to drag me there Because I did not want to go to the palace station for seafood. Boy did I eat my words... It was awesome the food was amazing and cooked fresh to order. Not only was the food great but so was the service big thumbs up to Steve and Ricardo.
We walked pass by and saw that there was a long line so decided to come back at a later time. Good thing we did!. . So it's 5am and you're craving for Oysters, so where do you go? OF course you go to the "OYSTER BAR"!!!. . There was no wait so we just walked up to the bar. Ricardo was our chef/cook and buddy for the morning. He gave us a suggestion and we ordered Seafood Pan Roast (along the line of a Bisque but thicker with Crab, Lobster and Shrimp). We also ordered a dozen Oysters, Clams and Mussels and every single bite was the bomb. . . We've had Oysters before and hate it when parts of the shell gets onto the Oyster! But the ones at the Oyster Bar was just so fresh so clean! Ricardo was quick to open the shell and serve us. With a squeeze of lemon and shot of Tobasco it goes down so smooth and it'll leave you wanting more. If we didn't order other stuff we probably would have ordered another dozen.. . The clams/mussels cooked in it's own juices was GR8! You can't go wrong with this order at all! Jeff wanted to just drink it's juice, that's how much he liked it.. . As for the Pan Roast, it's #1 and we heard a few people say the same thing. Good thing we ordered it. You get a good amount of seafood, which you being cooked right in front of you. Not like in restaurants where they cook it in the back and all it contains is lots of soup base with very little seafood meat. We were full with just the oysters and order of clams & mussels, but couldn't put down the spoon because it was DEELLLIIICCCIIIOOOUUUSSSSS! It didn't look like we touched the bowl because we had to take home the rest of the portion.. . Service is friendly and great! You'll end up chit chatting with other customers and the Chef. Food is great! Everything is great. Lets just say If you were having a bad day or lost $$ from the casino this will cheer you right up! Okay you will probably still be bummed u lost money but not while you're eating.. . Oh and the Oyster Shooter is also a must try. We will definitely come back again and bring our friends. . . It may be a long wait since seats are limited to maybe less than 20 (literally a strip of bar), but it'll be worth it.
After hearing about how bombdizzle Oyster Bar is from numerous friends, I hauled my ass over the first chance that I got. And whooo wheee, it's FANTASTIC. . . The chefs prepare everything to order and better yet, they prepare it in front of you so you can watch the magic happen!! . . For a first timer like me, I went the safe and easy route and ordered a half dozen oysters and the ever popular Combo Pan Roast to share. . . Oysters - superbly fresh. Comes with all your usual fixings--chunky horseradish, lemons, marinara sauce, and tobasco sauce (upon request). Prepare to your heart's desire and slurp on up!. . Combo Pan Roast - wow, this stuff is like crack. Even when my stomach was telling me, "No more, I'm stuffed!", my mouth would keep commanding, "More!". The best part of the meal isn't the plethora of seafood (a whole lobster tail, 4 halved crab legs, and a shit ton of shrimp) that crowds the dish, the best part is... wait for it......the broth!! The broth consists of a sweet creamy tomato broth mixed with various savory spices and brandy that will leave your tastebuds feeling a bit perplexed (but in a good way!) from the flavor complexity. My friend and I enjoyed this dish much like you would a curry dish rather than a soup, so we ordered an extra side of rice for it. The dish was large enough to overstuff the both of us. . . It's a pricey place overall, but well wort the price imo (and the portions are large so many of the dishes can be split between two people).  And here's the kicker.... all this awesomeness is available 24hrs a day!! So if you're wandering around the strip drunk at 5 am, and you want to get your fancy on.... I suggest you stumble on over to Oyster Bar at the Palace Station for their Pan Roast!
Recommended by a local. The Palace Station????  Honky tonk kinda casino but SOB, awesome food. Fresh oysters flown in daily. $17.99 for 1 dz. Pan roasts are amazing. Everything is cooked to order in front of your eyes. The term "oyster bar" is quite literal. Seating bar side with only 20 or so chairs. Worth every minute wait. Chef Brian and waitress Dolly add to the entertaiment. Can't wait till next visit!!!!!
yummo!!! The pan roast and the raw clams are a must! ;) This would probably be my last meal on earth. FYI....my bf and this lady who sat next to me both ordered the gumbo...they both weren't too please.
Awesome. Just downright awesome.. . Apparently there can be a huge line here, but we lucked out. We arrived at 9PM on a Thursday evening, and we sat right down.. . This place is a counter where they shuck the oysters right in front of you and cook everything right in front of you with really awesome, high powered steam cookers. The prices are fantastic for Vegas too - $17 for a dozen oysters - NICE!. . Starting with the service, Sandra was our waitress, and she was fabulous. She had plenty of suggestions about what to get. We already knew we wanted a dozen oysters, but we weren't sure what to follow that up with. She suggested the combo roast, and we went for it. FREAKING DELICIOUS. In fact, if you're going as a twosome, I think a dozen oysters, a couple beers, and a combo roast is a great meal to share for the two of you.. . Apparently this place has been around for 19 years.. . Do you really need my review to convince you? There are well over 200 reviews of this place, and the average score is 4.5 stars. I think if we would have waited two hours, my review would have only been four stars, but considering that we had no wait, five stars all the way.. . Next time I'm in town, this place is HIGH on my list!
This place was something of a pilgrimage for me. For one thing, I LOVE oysters. If I had my way, there would probably be a severe shortage in the world wide population of the deliciously slurp able critters. I would wage a war with my belly and being able to swipe out a dozen or two at a time; they simple wouldn't stand a chance! Lucky for them that this place often has long lines or I'd be a regular.. . The night of my pilgrimage, I recruited a coworker and fellow foodie to join me in braving the long wait.  It ended up taking about an hour and a half to get through the 8 or so people in line before us. Once seated, our server/waitress was a sweet woman named Dolores who had a fun attitude, coping with the onslaught of diners with charm and a quick joke here and there. I ordered a full dozen of oysters to start and we placed orders for 1 combo pan roast and a gumbo. I had the pan roast at a level 7, which wasn't hot at all to me. The flavors in it are what makes it such a winner; it starts warm and sweet, with the flavors of tomato and seafood hitting the palate first. As you eat, other flavors start to build in intensity, bringing the depth of spices,brandy and cream to a complex head. The more you eat, the more flavors jump out at you. It's all the more impressive when you consider that the majority of the cooking is handled by one busy chef at the bar. You can watch the entire process, which includes filling a unique metal dish with the ingredients, then pouring water into it and pulling a lever to dump it right there at the bar. I'm assuming this nifty set up allows them to crank out more dishes without having to waste time hauling dish after dish back to the dishwasher. . . The intense, complex medley of flavors in my combo pan roast were excellent and well balanced. I'll order mine spicier next time, but even the lack of heat couldn't detract from how delicious my meal was. It's also enough food to guarantee a lunch worth looking forward to!. . The gumbo was also tasty, thick with rice,okra, seafood, flakes of pepper and a viscous brownish-green roux based gravy. It was tasty and my companion enjoyed it immensely.. . Admittedly, an hour and a half is a LONG time to wait,which is the reason I hadn't come sooner. The prices may seem high, but I consider it reasonable with how much seafood there is used (we ARE in the desert, after all) and how much hype there is. I intend to come back again for sure, hopefully I'll be able to swing by later on some evening when they (hopefully) aren't so busy,
O-M-G!!! If I could add another five stars, I would. This place is amazing!. I was in Vegas for three days and ended up eating here all three days. . I looked up sea food on yelp, and people seemed to like it, so I decided to give it a try. The wait is longggg after 5pm, but let me tell you- it's worth it. There is a good reason people wait patiently in line for up to hour and a half.. I loved the oysters, the clam-chowder, and the pot roast! . Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely be back. This might be the reason I come back. . Btw, Sanda and Sergio are great! Thanks guys, I will be back.
You have to try it !! This place is f-ing amazing. I had the shrimp etouffee and it blew me away. I have been trying to find a place like this in California for months and nothing comes close. There are good ones but this place is bananas. Prepare yourself there maybe a long line. But once you get there it is great. Everything is so tasty that you will wish you lived in Vegas to go back and try the whole menu. This place or location is not fancy but the food speaks for itself. Can't wait to go back and try more. .   NOTE : You can only be served at the Bar, not the restaurant inside !!!!
gumbo and seafood with a lil southern twist...its the bomb. . one night late night or even every night... youll taste it and want more.. . 24 hrs and great for all occasions ... even the dreaded first date. . yaeh its a must stop when in sin city
This has to be one of the most memorable meals you'll experience in Sin City. Putting ambiance aside, you'll have to look beyond the grungy carpet, stale smoke smell and outdated design of the Palace Station and it'll be well worth it. Avoid peak dinner hours (7-8:30pm) or be prepared to wait in line. We waited 1.5 hrs and another 20 mins while our gumbo and pan roast dishes were made. Note that there are only 18 bar stools and an average diner will take 30-40 mins. to eat plus the time you'll wait in line. It is definitely worth the wait though and a great experience watching the chef work making the specialties! Dishes are huge and sharing is permitted but worth the $5 split fee.
Combo pan roast. Giant spoons. $5 split fee if you're sharing 1 pan roast. Open 24 hours! It gets kinda nipply sitting at the bar so don't come in your Vegas uniform, ladies, if you know what I mean~ The pan roast kinda tastes like lobster bisque. The soup base is creamy tomatoey with a little kick.. . Yes, I am weaksauce for ordering a measly 4 out of 10 spicy levels but my body can only endure so much abuse in Vegas with the alcohol consumption, sleep deprivation, laying out by the pool, and dancing in heels all night. I've gotten pretty lucky with short or no lines in all of my visits.  . . I will be forever grateful to my coworker Memo who said this place is a Vegas MUST!  . . There are $5 tables and penny slots galore if you are waiting in a long line. The raw oysters and bloody mary oyster shooters are also pretty good. Clams are also worth tasting - they have a tougher more rubbery texture compared to oysters though. Bob was The Man behind the magic 4 out of my 5 visits to the Oyster Bar. I have sometimes gone twice in one Vegas trip.  . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=xS-dbbXgtbDyumD7P4Z5gQ
PAN ROAST!!!! MMMMMMM....we got the combo with lobster, shrimp and crab.  It is almost like a bisque but 100x time more flavorful without a weird cream aftertaste. * note the $5 split charge! *  Oysters were so-so.. . I could use fancy food adjectives, but just go and eat here the next time you are in LV.  You won't be disappointed. This place was the best food I had in Vegas the whole weekend I was there.  (Yes, even better than a $40 pork chop or $30 buffet.) . . PROPS for having Kirin on tap.  I had a glass while waiting, a glass with my meal and one for dessert. HA!
KICK ASS SHELLFISH...pinot noir was dry...which was good when taking oyster shots....i forget what else i had cus i was pretty drunk when i got there but from what i can remember it was some kind of stew that came with rice and the spice meter was set on 11?!?..but that didnt matter cus it TASTED SO GOOD and it was my first time ever going to vegas which made it the very first time i ate here with my friend and his dad which was pretty funny cus he passed out drunk at the bar....oh, the oyster bar is literally a bar in the casino so if you really despise the odor of cigarette smoke with your food then try eating somewhere else.....and casual small talk with strangers is encouraged when you eat here....so dont be some anti-social nut case...
Combo Pan Roast w/ spice level 7, that is all i have to say......... But really, this place is the best!!!! Be prepared to wait 40 min to an hour because it is a bar table and can only seat 8-10. Service is great and very friendly. Best times to come is around 3-4am after hitting the tables. As much as i like going to Vegas, I wish they have place like this in Los Angeles so i can come by anytime i want.
SO DELICIOUS WORTH THE WAIT!!!. . So don't be alarmed when you show up and you see only 10 spots and they are all full and there's a line through the casino.  It is totally normal.  It is also totally normal to stand and wait for 90 minutes.  . . Such a unique experience. They cook everything right in front of you. You are greeted with a fresh hot loaf of sourdough bread as you wait for your entrees.  . . Start off with some fresh raw oysters - their cocktail sauce is really good.  Also if you are into it - you can get 3 oyster shooters for $10. . . Their most popular items include the Cioppino - tomato stew with clams, mussels, shrimp and crab.  My favorite was the Combo Roast - Shrimp, Crab, and Lobster sauteed with Brandy, Cream and Tomato!!!  So delish - i licked up every last bite!. . Portions are BIG so it is enough to share between two people. If you ask to split they will give each person their own scoop of rice as well. Small splitting fee involved. . . Great customer service and it is very entertaining to watch them prepare right in front.  Would come back even with the same wait. Still giving this place 5 stars!. . TIP: About a $20 cab ride from the strip.
This is another place we always go to at least once every time we are in Vegas.. . The sourdough rolls are always warm and go well with butter. The thing to get here is the Pan Roast. They must put crack in it or something, it is addictive.. . There are only a few generic wines to choose from, but wine is really not necessary when you can drink the Pan Roast instead. . . There are only a limited number of seats to sit at, so sometimes you have to wait a while, but it is worth it, and the service is good because there are only a limited number of seats to sit at.
This is my absolute favorite place to dine at when visiting Vegas.  In fact, I sometimes come to Vegas just so I can eat here!!!  . . For starters...I always go for a bloody mary oyster shooter, followed by a dozen oysters on a half shell.  The oysters here are sooo fresh and shucked perfectly that sometimes I can not refrain myself from ordering a second dozen.  (I'm a fat ass, I know.). . From there...you must, must, MUST order a pan roast.  You'll see all sorts of other distractions like the Bouillabaisse, Jambalaya, and Gumbos on the menu to throw you off your game...but trust me on this. Imagine a creamy, cajun style lobster bisque with a kick....that's the amazing pan roast and it's the only way to go.    My favorite is the House Pan Roast (not to be mistaken for the Palace Pan Roast), which comes with generous portions of lobster, clams, crab meat, and enormous shrimp, served with your choice of pasta or jasmine rice.   They'll also ask you for the level spice you would like and if you can handle the heat, go for levels of 7-10, but be aware...this kind of spiciness will hit you as the meal progresses, so don't go to high, or else you won't be able to enjoy it.   Also, the portions are HUGE...I'm always greedy and have to order my own, but I can never finish one! (I know...you're thinking it's because of all the oysters I ate) . . Lastly, the service which is the biggest kicker of why I continuously come back time after time.  RICARDO...he is THEE  master chef that serves these truly wonderful and extremely tasty creations.  He is delightfully charming and friendly with everyone sitting around his bar.  Last week my girlfriends and I came back twice within one weekend just so we could hang out with Ricardo...well, and the oysters of course.  . . Located inside Palace Station...this place is now open 24 hours, so come after midnight to avoid a looooooooong wait.
Yeah, Sergio is still the man.  JJ is ok too.
First of all, thanks to Ricardo for hooking us up and showing us a great time! You should all go see him. He works late night/early morning Sunday-thursday. . . Food wise, everything is delicious from the roasts, to the oysters, and to the chowders. I highly recommend the combo roast and the dirty chowder, which is half Manhattan clam chowder and half new england clam chowder. I had my doubts at first bit it turned out to be actually quite good. . . As seating is limited, wait times can get quite long during regular meal time. I recommend going at off hours like three am after a night out.
If you're a seafood lover like me, you'll love this place. You can't go wrong with the house pan roast! The consistency is rich and creamy, like a bisque, with huge chunks of seafood, cooked to perfection. I always get it with pasta but I end up eating it as a soup. As far as the spice level goes, I can't handle spicy foods so I usually go with a 4 but I've had a 7, which was a little overwhelming for me but still enjoyable. Don't forget to get the oysters which are always so fresh and so tasty (I mean, hello, it is a oyster bar)! Just put a splash of lemon with a dash of horseradish and cocktail sauce and I'm sure that will brighten anyone's day. Seating is very limited but I've only gone in the wee hours of the morning so I've never had to wait for a table. If you're lucky and you have the pleasure of having Ricardo as your chef, you'll be in for a treat. He's so friendly and makes the best pan roast ever! He's so awesome to the point where I'll be visiting him every time I'm in Vegas. In fact, I've appointed him my new Vegas BFF. Everyone go visit this place, you won't be disappointed!
Located off the strip, on the other side of the 15 freeway is the Palace Station Hotel. I have never set foot in this hotel/casino in my life until my friend told me that I need to go try the Oyster Bar here. Although, I'm not a big fan of raw oysters because of what it can potentially do to my bowels, I was assured that they have plenty of other (sea)food items to choose from.. . The Oyster Bar is literally a horse shoe style bar (think shabu shabu). No frills, no tables, just a bar and stools. Everything is made, prepped, and served right in front of you. Because of this, be prepared to wait. It's worth it, trust me! Although we only had about eight people in front of us, it still took about an hour to get seated. Also, if you roll deep, expect to split up. This place though is opened 24/7. Maybe if you creep in around 4am then the line will be short unless all the drunken clubbers and strippers are present.. . It seems like everyone has mixed reviews about the different food items here. Personally, the House Gumbo ($20) is the Royal Flush in my opinion. It's big enough for two people. The flavor will blow the socks off your feet. I had a New Orleans native with me and even she was impressed. I would come back and wait the long @$$ line just for this. I've been fantasizing about this gumbo ever since.. . The jambalaya was my next favorite item we shared. It was a little bit runny at first but as the rice sits, it'll slowly soaks up the sauce. Another flavorful delight and massive in size.. . The Seafood Pan Roast was good but it doesn't trump the other two items I sampled. It's heavily raved about, but I can go back to the Oyster Bar and pass it up.. . I like how each of these items was made right in front of us in these cool looking, silver/metal gadgets. It's hard to explain what they are so just check out the pictures or go there yourself and pay attention to how your food is being made. You'll be fascinated at how easy the chefs will make it look. Their secret is in the pre-made sauces of course. Our chef Blake was calm and collective even though he had a lot on his plate. Patrons were eagerly gawking at each dish he made, impatiently waiting their bite.. . Few suggestions: try not to come during peaked times. Share dishes and be aware that the portions are huge. Also, keep the party to a minimum unless you don't mind splitting up. Lastly, bring your appetite and taste buds because like watching Seigfreid and Roy, you're about to get mesmerized.
Believe the hype. Oyster Bar inside old, smoky Palace Station, really is delicious. The line wasn't too bad, we waited around 30-40mins. The food is fantastic! We ordered:. . -dozen oysters. -Linguine fra diablo. -Pan Roast (Combo). . The oysters were fresh, the linguine was spicy with plenty of shrimp and lobster meat, and the pan roast was unlike anything I have tasted before. The broth is very unique. Service was very busy but Sergio was awesome. . . Oyster Bar is open 24 hours so anytime is a good time to fulfill your craving for southern cajun-style food. I will definitely be back for round two.
I have been here bunches of times, but haven't written anything till now. We ate there on Monday and arrived at 6:30 p.m., we waited in line for 3 long hours before we got seated. By the time we were seated and our food served, we had gobbled up the bread and divided amongst the 4 of us a ceaser's salad. When our crab pan roast arrived, it was love at first bite yet, again and I sort of forgot I waited 3 darn long hours to eat it, yeah right.. .  Anyway, I refer people visiting here to make this an absolute must stop. Each person raves how wonderful their experience was and make this part of their stops on their future trips to Vegas.  Afterall, you can't gamble the whole time there,everyone needs to stop and eat and this place is unique and different and a delight for any palette.. Cost is about $20.00 for a decent sized bowl, served with a generous scoop of rice. Don't forget to tell them how spicy you want it. On a scale of 1 through 10, I chose a 6 and it wasn't too spicy. I think the next time I go, I'll choose an 8 and hopfully it'll have a good kick, but not too much, where I wouldn't be able to enjoy it................ . Oh, and if you love oysters on the half shell, then this is your place. I'm not an oyster lover per say, buy I see a ton of people enjoying themselves.. . If you've never been here before, too bad for you.......... . They now open 24 hours, so next time we go, we're eating off hours to avoid those dreadful long lines.. . Till next time, happy eating!
To all my friends and Las vegas go-ers, i cannot tell you how much love i have for this place.. . Food: The food itself is phenomenal. it's a creole type like place and according to my friends (because i don't eat oysters) the oysters were really good. My favorite would have to be the combo pan roast with sausage. But the bouillabaise and Gumbo is just as amazing if you want to try anything different. I always get spicy level 6 it's the perfect spice level if you can handle spicy like i can. While you wait for you food I suggest either getting some oysters or if you're like me get a cup of the chowder. it doesn't matter if you get the new england or manhattan. They're both really good either way. Ask for extra rolls if you need any.. . Pricing: If you're a first time go-er you would think it's really expensive. it's almost $20 for every entree, but the amount of food they give you can feed two people. I usually just share mine and I still always have left overs. There is a $5 split fee, but trust it's not all that bad. Oysters are 11.99 for half a dozen and 16.99 for a dozen. . . Customer service: This place is always busy and there's only like a total of 2 people working, the chef and the server. Somehow they manage to always keep their energy high and they love to joke a lot. I've been here about 6 times already and everytime i go, I've always enjoyed it. Customer service can be a bit slow, but you gotta give them a break. I do warn you the seating for this place is very limited. i would say the bar only seat 14 and unfortunately it's only for 21+. I got carded like 3 times already. i would recommend coming here either early in the morning or late at night. that way you avoid the lines.
The food is def worth going to Palace Station for BUT be prepared for the long wait.  Labor Day weekend was at least 3 hours... they only have 18 seats around a bar, which is also the kitchen.  Start waiting in line for dinner right after lunch.  Combo Roast and Oysters are sooo yummy.
There's really not much I can say that hasn't been said, especially by my pal, Mike H. who brought me here.  In fact his review is spot on.  You really can't go wrong with the Pan Roast as a dish for a first timer.  Personally, the spicier the better so I went with a 6 for my first time but cursed myself because I felt I could go up a point or two higher!  Luckily you have a good choice of hot sauces to add if you want that little extra kick.. . As for the serving, they are generous, I probably shouldn't be eating so much, especially with all those rolls I used to suck up any errant soup.  Also while I'm at it, I should mention it was my first time trying oysters too.  And while I didn't find them disgusting, it's definitely not something I see myself eating much with or without cocktail sauce and horseradish.  . . If there's one thing I can knock the place for is how it literally is just a bar, with just one cook and one waitress and with its obvious popularity it takes to awhile to get seated or get serviced at high traffic times like Saturday night but at least when you do the staff is friendly and even goes above the call of duty.. . So in short, I'll definitely make a trip back.  The Palace Pan Roast and the pastas all looked delicious!
My most favorite places to dine while in Vegas. . . Recently became 24 HRS!!!. . The PAN ROAST combo (shrimp, crabs, lobster) is a must have! The orange creamy soup is pretty flavored and salty (extra salty because of the seafood) so it's best to scoop a spoon full on top of your rice, like curry, and eat it that way. Or eat it with bread. Gumbo is ok, I don't like that too much. Oysters are always fresh and delish. The shooters are even better. . . The wait is long. Sometimes over an hour long. But it's worth the wait. Trust. Set up is a bar, about 14 stools. Waiting for your food takes a while too since there is only one server and one cook. Sometimes the cook is the one doing all the work. So be patient. . . Service is great here. Cooks are always interactive and fun. Our cook gave our party of 7 oyster shooters because it was my cousin's birthday on the house. Awesome service!. . Enjoy.
To die for!!!!! . . While my mom and I were dining at the delicious TC's Rib Crib we started talking to a couple and their friend sitting next to us about great places to eat in Vegas and they all agreed that the "Oyster Bar" @ Palace Station was the next best place to try in Vegas.. . We stood on line for 45 minutes but it was so worth the wait. We ordered oysters first then shared the gumbo in which you can add as much heat to it as you can stand and it was loaded w/crab, shrimps and lobster. You can any of the seafood items your selected dish. I also love that they cook it right there before you. . . New Orleans WATCH out.... The portions are healthy, so you can share.. . We both decided it would be the 1st place we're eating at  the next time we're in Vegas and we wouldn't share either. LOL
Was invited here by a buddy of mine during my recent 6 day stay in Vegas for a tournament at Desert Sportsman., When he mentioned oysters,  I thought, ......well, I'm not a big Oyster eater, but I'm hungry.   Fortunately, we visited this place on a Tuesday afternoon and sat down right away..  I hear that the lines are long and since it is a limited seating bar, people wait over an hour to get a seat.  Chef, tells us that due to huge interest , it is now open 24/7. . When we got to the bar, he suggested two choices. Combo Roast or Alaskan Chowder.  I went for the Combo roast., 5 on the spicy meter. , I first admired the chef creating the meal using the unique kitchen tools.  All the soups are heated by steam device  right in front of you.  Quick service. . After a a few spoonfuls, OMG this is awesome.  Shared some with a friend who had the Alaskan chowder,  I needed it  back!  Very savory, dish, perfect spice, Scoop of steam rice in the soup  was just what I needed,  Tender Crab, Shrimp and lobster filled every spoonful.  I watched other patrons ask for their left overs to go.  I couldn't stop!  I found myself smiling as I devoured this delectable dish.  . . I didn't get any oysters or house favorites, no room for that!  If you  like Creole style food, you MUST try this place next time you are in Vegas.. . Now I know why my buddy visited this bar 4 times during a week-long stay in Vegas!
What you yelpers said!. . What a cool experience! After reading about the rush here and wait for seats and finding ourselves looking for lunch late afternoon on a Tuesday we thought, this is our chance! Good plan.. . I didn't quite understand from the other yelpers the whole "cooked in front of you" concept. Maybe on my mobile app I didn't read enough. But while we sat down and helped ourselves to a couple of Wedmier hefeweizen and had a dozen oyster shucked to order and started on those, we watched the magic occur. . . There are 6 'pots', all plumbed directly for steam. They place your selected seafood into the pots with some wonderfully seasoned broth to start the cooking. Midway in the cooking, then they add the necessary differentiators for the different orders. Gumbo gets a roux, "pan roast" gets a cream brandy sauce (not following how that is a roast, but I digress), etc... Heat is adjusted to your liking, and the 7 out of 10 was really perfect for people who like spicy but still want to taste their seafood.. . Major kudos to yelpers who let me know going in that the plate split was wise. No way we should have gotten 2 entrees. A dozen oysters and one pan roast washed down with beer was perfect for the two of us.
Let me first say that I LOVE SEAFOOD. So I might be a bit bias.. . A while back I was bookmarking locations to try out during my summer vacation in Vegas. Being someone that has to control his gambling urges and set monetary limits, I had to find other things to do to pass by the time. Eating is always a good alternative. So when I told my cousins I wanted to come here, they thought it was a great idea.. . Located off the Strip, at the Palace Station inside resides a single bar counter. There isn't much seating so time your trip here right, but luckily this place is open 24 hours!. . I went back and forth on their selection of seafood. Eventually went with the cook's recommendation and went with the popular dish, the combo pan roast. And right before your eyes, the chief cooks right in front of you. Portion size comes in an enormous bowl. Sooo good. Choose your spice level too. Expect to pay $20 plus tip... that is, if you're stomach isn't telling you to order other dishes or oysters shooters.. . "No photography please. That'll cost extra." He jokes to our group of three, occasionally sounding like the infamous Soup Nazi. A sense of humor. Nice.. . Heading back to Vegas next month. Will definitely make a pit stop here. :-)
I used to love coming to Palace Station back in the day.  This is when I went to school, had no job and looked to stretch my dollar as far as possible.  Fast forward - now that I have some sort of an income and have gotten accustomed to staying on the Strip, I was a bit surprised by what I had considered to be posh 15 years ago.  But then again, I also thought that a burger qualified as "gourmet" as long as it had some Thousand Island dressing in it.. . Employees here wear badges stating that they love locals which is a sign that they are not attracting many out of area visitors. Where most of the locals seem to congregate is at the Oyster Bar which is sort of a misnomer since most of the people are not sitting there eating oysters. The bar has an unusual steam contraption that allows the "bartender" to cook your gumbo, etoufee, etc made to order. The cook for that night, Ricardo, showed amazing deft at handling all of the orders and making each one individually.  Although it is not made from scratch (they use a paste concentrate for the gumbo stock), it tastes amazing.  Since the seafood is added that moment, it has not been simmering for hours which explains the fresh quality that it imparts.. . My favorite was the combo pan roast, another misnomer, since nothing is ever really roasted.  It is more of a cross between cream of tomato soup, bisque, and cioppino.  The gumbo is also very good and you can request a custom level of spice.  I ordered mine at level 7 and it proved to be moderate in heat. I appreciate that the crab they add in their dishes is already out of the shell. I also recommend that you ask for the rice on the side so that you have the option of enjoying the soup on its own in between bites of the yummy seafood.  I didn't get to try the clam chowder but that looked good enough for me to christen my first child in.. . If you come late at night, especially on the weekends, be prepared for a long wait. There can be large parties waiting ahead of you and sometimes they will hold open seats so they can be seated together.  This unfortunately adds to the wait times.  But if you are lucky, you will also be there when the freaks come out at night and get a dinner and a show.  Go hungry as they give you a pretty large bowl.  Prices may be a bit on the higher side but it is well worth it.
A Five Star for the Vegas gumbo. House Gumbo. Shrimp, Andouille, Chicken, Crab, and Lobster gumbo. . . Yes, more than likely you'll have to wait over an hour in line. Go grab a Smithwicks from the Irish Pub across the way, then wait it out for a seat at the altar of New Orleans grub in LV.. . It has become a tradition, nay, pilgrimage, to this Mecca of deliciousness that is the ominously titled "Oyster Bar" at the Palace Station. Station Casinos are known to cater to locals, and locals and returning visitors know this spot is dope. I met a professional concierge, not native to U.S., let alone LV,  who recommends this joint to only her highest clientele.. . Wait, sit, order, wait, indulge. I also STRONGLY recommend the Bloody Mary Oyster Shooters (3 for $10 or 1 for $4). . . SERIOUSLY. This gumbo is UNREAL! And the staff is on point, amiable, and accommodating, given the cramped nature of this small bar in a casino. Would eat for breakfast, lunch, dinner and midnight snack if possible.
The lobster roast ($19.99) was delicious! It was thick, creamy, flavorful, spicy (optional) and full of lobster pieces. The bowl is huge and easily sharable, but I would rather eat the whole thing to myself. The seafood platter is pretty decent, but I can do without it. Nothing spectacular even though it is an "oyster bar". . . The bar probably has less than twenty seats so good chance you will have to wait 1+ hour for dinner. It is most definitely worth the wait, but it's quite painful when you're hungry.. . Make sure to order ASAP b/c they can only make so many bowls at a time. Don't let people who get seated after you order first. You will regret it if they take the last cooking pot and you have to wait till the next round.. . The servers are attentive and move relatively fast. They  were very sweet and even gave us  cheesecake on the house. I guess it never hurts to ask.  Good job MD!. . I wish there was one here in LA, but I guess I'll just have to wait till my next VEGAS trip!
WOW!  Found this place on yelp and it was awesome.  It is inside the Palace Station Casino which is an older casino, off the strip.  I know some people like to eat on the strip but trust me that this place is worth it, even if you got to pay for a cab.  It is literally a bar that sits inside the casino, along a wall.  You sit at the counter on a bar stool.  By the way, there is only about 20 bar stools, yes I said a total of 20.  There is a roped area where you wait in line for a seat.  I tried it on a Friday night at about 9-10 pm.  I was eating with one friend (party of two) and we waited in line for about 30-45 minutes.  From what I understand, this is pretty typical.  This place can get busy, for good reason.  There is nowhere to sit when you are waiting in line, you are pretty much just standing there.  If you are with a group, you could have one person stand in line while others sit at nearby slot machines.  I mention this because I saw a couple people do it.. . I ordered the Combo Pan Roast.  It is kinda like a seafoood bisque containing lobster, crab, and shrimp.  It was excellent.  The portion size was more than enough.  The pan roast cost me about 20 bucks.  I had it with ice water and the complimentary bread.  My friend ordered the Combo Gumbo.  It was also good but I preferred the Pan Roast.  I saw some people ordering the Clam Chowder and Ciopinno too.  They cook each order right in front of you, individually.  The cooking equipment they used was unique and was fun to watch.  Service was great.  I will definitely come here again when I visit Las Vegas.  They have recently changed their hours so they are open 24 hours.
Jason and I love trying new places and really like when our friends and Twitter followers suggest new places for us to try. So far, we have been very lucky and a most of the suggestions have been awesome. The Oyster Bar at Palace Station was one of those great suggestions.. . Be prepared to wait in line, it is a small setup in the middle of the casino and can seat about 10 to 12 people. There is usually one cook behind the "bar" and one additional server. There are no reservations but you will find a line. From what we hear, there is always a line and after our visit we understand why.. . We had a chance to try a few things off their menu and cannot wait to try more on our next visit. The oysters and clams on the half shell are super fresh and shucked to order right in front of you. Their clam chowder is solid, very creamy and hearty. The main courses were unreal. We had the Palace Shrimp Pan Roast and the Etouffee. Both had generous helpings of seafood with very distinctive flavors, and can be ordered at the heat level that best suits you. We ordered a six on the heat level, which can go as high as 10. We like hot and this was almost perfect but I think we will do a 7 the next time. But be careful, the heat level is serious.. . The service was really good, more relaxing than I expected. The cook kept us entertained while he prepared our entrees. If you head to Las Vegas, make sure you check this place out.
I first went here when my good friend had his 30th birthday in Vegas and made it a point to have one of his meals here. I am so glad he did!. . Then I went again when my graduate program was celebrating in Vegas after finishing our comp exam. . . The first time, I split a dozen oysters, had the large beer and ordered the combination pan roast (spice level 3; I'm super sensitive to spicy and would sweat up a storm if I went higher than that). The pan roast is seriously one of the best meals I have ever had...and I don't like to overuse hyperbole! Oh and the bread is fantastic as well.. . The 2nd time I went with a couple of friends and I was hyping this place up the entire time. I ordered the bouillabaisse and my friends split a combo pan roast. We shared family style. The bouillabaisse was great, but nothing beats the pan roast (see previous paragraph). One of my friends also wanted to try the clam chowder so we ordered that after eating the other things. If you have the room, you HAVE to order the clam chowder. I'm not a chowder connoisseur, but I'm from Norcal and have eaten plenty of chowder in my day (in SF among other places). The chowder here is among the best I've had as well which just cements this place to one of my favorites of all time. . . Read on for additional experience/logistical/personal details:. . The first time, there were about 8 of us and let me tell you...that is quite a feat to get seated with that large a group here. Luckily we went during lunch and it was relatively not busy. Plus you can get drinks and play some slots while waiting. This casino is definitely not for people looking for the glitz and glamour Vegas has to offer. . . Bob, our cook (they cook it right in front of you so you get to interact the entire time) had a straight-forward crude sense of humor, which I appreciate and the waitresses are so friendly and personable. Some of the sweetest ladies work here!. . When I first saw this place, I was surprised because the seating was so limited. We all ordered beers from the bar nearby, so waiting wasn't an issue for us. I would definitely recommend going the weekday at an off-peak time (if possible) if you just want to try this place. . . Another thing to note is that when you leave this place you have that feeling that 'you're in the know' in Vegas even if you're not a local. I could be way off and sound like a total tourist to actual locals, but that's the perception and feeling (described above) I get when i leave this place. This place is a must visit every time I'm in Vegas.
Been back a few times. . . The BF and I decided to go and try something different and got some Bouillabase. It was pretty solid with a good broth. Plenty generous on the seafood including lobster, shrimp, crab legs, cod, clams and mussels. . . Yes, yes, pan roast is bomb, but sometimes I have other moods. I think we will come back and try more items. We kinda figured out some of the "slow" times where the wait is 30minutes to no line so when there's no wait it's really worth it. . . We've had Steve and Ricardo a ton of times at night and both are nice and offer great service. . . If you're a fan of bloody mary's, theirs is pretty decent. They do a special for $3.50 from 1am-9am so if you need some Hair of the Dog recovery stop on by for some breakfast pan roast and bloody marys!
absolutely ghetto.. this is that part of vegas that i always want to forget exists.. will completely depress you on what the future holds for humanity.... [three cheers to dying young]. . the taxi wait to leave. [yes, that's right, i said taxi wait, in vegas..  and not wait because of people, because of lack of taxis]. was longer than the considerable wait for a seat.. . despite all that,. my god, my god;. that is one unbelievable pot of food.. . all of us were in pain from over eating for 3 straight days;. yet, despite all the despites, would go back in a heartbeat, any time.... . meal was absolutely delectable;. server & cooks were all damn amusing,. couldn't think of a better place to lick my wounds from a weekend at the tables...
You have to order the Combo Pan Roast.  It is heavenly!. . Look for deals from station casino and you can find gift certificates for half price.
Rating is really a 4.5 but of course that's not available.  Came here because my cousin loves oysters but also saw the stellar reviews. The food was awesome! My cousin had a dozen oysters and I had the small clams. He said the oysters were delicious and fresh, my clams were also very good, however I probably wouldn't order these again. The clams are $17, and I think for what you get not worth quite that much. But that's the only partial negative mark. We both had the combo pan roast which has sausage, shrimp, and chicken I believe, this comes in a thick soup or broth with rice. Think of something very similar to gumbo. You order it with a spice level, we both had a 7. Normally I like spicy food but 7 was pretty challenging to me, if I were to do it over again I would do a 5. The main reason for me is it was tough for me at times to truly enjoy it while battling spice. You can always add Tabasco or hot sauce which they have on the counter. My cousin said this is the type of food he would be expecting to eat in new Orleans, but this was way better than what he had in the French quarter. I can't wait for my next visit back!
Come here in the middle of night (the usual lines are epic). . Acquire Pan Roast. . Disregard Oysters. . ?????. . Profit. . seriously though, i would stay away from the oysters. not very good quality. not even a very good deal. but come for the other dishes.
Was staying at the highly unglamorous Palace Station for a conference and had heard rave reviews for the Oyster Bar. . . // LOCATION // Literally a bar with approximately 15-20 seats all the way around. . . // WAIT // 5-10 minutes at 4 pm on a Friday for a party of 5. We lucked out because we barely beat the dinner rush. . . // FOOD //. .      +Oyster Shooters: So fresh and served with the customary lemon wedges and a tangy sauce..      +Combo Pan Roast: Amazingly flavorful with very tender meat and warm fluffy rice.      +Pasta Diablo: Guaranteed spicy much to my dismay. The jumbo shrimp served in it were succulent and fresh though..      +Little neck clam steamers: So aromatic and tasty. . . I don't know where Oyster Bar managed to find fresh seafood in the middle of the desert, but I will definitely be back!
Of course the Pan Roast and Fanny Bay oysters is a star meal, but the BF and I have gone a few times and have branched out to try other things. . . Very glad we have. . . We decided based on our usual server Steve's recommendation of bouillabaise ($21.99) It had a good soup base and plenty of seafood including crab, lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams and cod. Pretty solid as far as bouillabaise goes.. . We got our usual oysters to go and it was past midnight and they were doing $3.50 Bloody Marys so I got one. Pretty solid and spicy how I like! . . Next time we ended up with . . Little neck clam steamers ($15.99)- good, but standard. Broth butter was good though. . Alaskan Chower ($17.99) New England style with crab, lobster, and shrimp. It is very thick so we poured a little of our clam broth in it and that made a more preferred consistency for me. If you don't want it as gloopy as for some of the seafood broth into it and I think the garlic, parsley, butter enhanced it. Definitely one of my favorites. . . We normally go around the same time at night so it's been always Steve and Ricardo who take care of us and it's been good service every time. The BF and I somehow have magical timing as the last 3 times we haven't had to wait at all for a chair!! . . Still one of my favorite places and we're planning to try down all that's on the menu.
Open 24 hours with very limited seating, the Oyster Bar proves to be a great reason to make an effort out to Palace Station. We went on a Monday afternoon, no wait though after us there was a rush and people were lined up for about 30 min. This isn't going to be a fancy meal, but it will be a good one at a expensive but fair price. . I tried the pan roast combo and the broth was rich and full of seafood. . We also had the gumbo which was very large but average in taste, again, with lots of seafood.. This place is great if you are drunk, hung over or just want a meal. . We also got a cup of the regular clam chowder... it made me want to get the Alaskan one just so I could get more of everything. Though it looked like it could stop my heart if I ate it, this would be the way I would always want my clam chowder.
The best place to eat in Vegas is in the most dingy nasty hotel/casino.  . . If you're a newbie then follow these instructions:. . 1.  There will likely be a long wait unless you're there between 3am and 10am.  Regardless of the length of the line and how disgusting the surrounding casino smells you must wait it out; it'll be worth it!. . 2.  Order the Pan Roast Combo.  It is a food experience that will resonate in your food eating memories for a long time.  The waitress said something about trying it Scampi Style next time we're there.  I'm still not sure what it is, but you may want to inquire if you're interested. . . 3.  Eat, enjoy, and pay. . . No matter how busy this place gets, the employees always seem to appear positive and they're on top of their game.  Effective Service with a smile.
My wife and I love the PALACE PAN ROAST!!!!!! Don't think and just go to this place. The wait may be long (anytime 24 hrs around) but it will be well well well worth it.
Awesome oyster bar.  You do have to wait in line but so worth the hike off the strip.  This place is a classic with two people behind the bar making magic.  The oysters and clams are fantastic and the pan fried combo and gumbo the best west of orleans.  Manhattan chowder is freshly cooked in front of you and the best I have ever had.  If you get the chance you have to go here.  It is a hidden gem in Vegas.
I have been coming here since I've turned 21, and it's amazing! I order the pan roast combo and usually split it with my hunsband. (bummer that they started the $5 split fee) but still worth it! Order the crab cakes ( not on the menu) they are spectacular, all crab meat light breading with lemon butter sauce and capers topped with fried potato strings. I have eaten at this bar at least 25 times and always get the pan roast but finally decided to try the shrimp scampi because it always smelled so delicious however, I wasn't too impressed with the flavor. I'lldef stick to the pan roast. I have been to sunset oyster bar, south point, and green valley ranch, none even compare to palace station. It's worth the wait and drive!
You read this and you think to yourself I might not be a fan of oysters. Well no worries neither am I . I'm scared to eat raw oysters after an uncle of mine passed away eating raw oysters from a different place. . . Anyway let me tell you, if you're in the area you definately want to check this place out. Small lil bar thats grinding out top notch food. Better than 90% restaurants in NV & CA. The seafood was fresh and chewy and delicious. I had the clam chowder and gumbo it was the BESTT i've ever had! I have to come here whenever I'm in Vegas, place is off the chain. Just know their is only 15 or so seats and you may have to wait some time. 1 chef and waitress but man it makes me salivate. =)
I returned last month with my girlfriend, one of the few destinations I just had to hit up before we left Las Vegas. This will be a quick updated review.. . I should mention that you have to be 21+ to dine at Oyster Bar. At first I was wondering why that was so, but then realized that they use alcohol in their dishes. Oooohhh. So bring ID, as they won't let you sit down without proof of age.. . I tried the Cioppino ($21.99) this time around, which according to wikipedia: "Cioppino is a fish stew originating in San Francisco. It is considered an Italian-American dish... is typically a combination of dungeness crab, clams, shrimp, scallops, squid, mussels and fish." Doesn't that sound good? Yes it was.. . As always, you tell the cook the scale of spiciness. I tried the 7, which is a good amount, especially as I'm consuming this massive bowl of deliciousness. I might be brave enough to try for an 8 next time. Maybe.. . If you've never signed up for a Station Casinos Boarding Pass Card, get the card (registration conveniently located next to the Oyster Bar) and use the points (that you get from signing up) to save you $5 off your meal. It'll only be good once, unless you plan on gambling at Palace Station or any of the Station casinos.. . Enjoy!
who would of ever thought you could find an amazing oyster bar off the strip in an old ghetto-ish hotel??  I heard the wait is always extremely long, given there are only about 24 seats at the bar.  We were lucky to snag 3 seats and only waited about 20-30 minutes, however the wait was pretty horrible.  Someone had some terrible b.o. going on and we were all hung over from the night before. I will say that  fresh oysters, pan roast, and bouillabaisse are the perfect cure.  I love how you get to see the chef prepare all the food from the first step to the last, all the while your mouth is watering and hoping that he'd finally pour the steamy goodness into your bowl and bring it right over piping hot.  Both stews were filled with shrimp, clams, mussels, king crab legs, and white fish and the broth was delicious.   The pan handle broth is quite thick and creamy, so if you prefer something more soupy, I'd go for the bouillabaisse or the cioppino.   . . I'm pretty sure the Oyster Bar is the moneymaker for Palace Station.... . w h a t   i   d i g . super awesome cookware appliances that allow for easy-pour-into-bowl. done datta!
Who would walk into Palace Station to eat? Not me, until I was introduced to Oyster Bar. How could it be that I've never been here?? Well, thanks to my friend, I've been enlightened.. . Oyster Bar is located in the Palace Station Hotel. They serve seafood based soups, oysters and a couple other things I haven't bothered to look at. There are only about 15 seats around the bar so the wait can be very long at peak times. Come off peak and save your stomach from eating itself while watching others enjoy their meal. I was only in Vegas two nights and we came here twice, it was THAT GOOD. I had the pan roast, jambalaya, shrimp scampi and gumbo. I would have to say I like the jambalaya the best, but would order it with the rice on the side. The pan roast is cream based which can be good and bad depending on your digestive system. Portions are HUGE, but it's nice to get different dishes to share. The gumbo comes second, the scampi third and the pan roast last. Not that the pan roast is bad in any way, but I don't care for cream based soups. Did I mention wine pours are very generous? To-the-rim! . . I even ordered a togo order to bring back to LA for my man, now that's LOVE!!. . Be kind to the waitress and cook here, they work very hard and are amazing at what they do. If you're in a rush, this isn't your place. It's well worth the wait.. . I care for places like this more than the fancy strip celebrity chef joints. The food sticks to my bones and I'm more than happy to pay. You won't leave disappointed or hungry. . . . . Would you mind delivering some to me please??!
When my friend told me about this place I was like who would ever go to this hotel except OJ Simpson trying to rob some people for some sports memorabilia?  He was so persistent that I just had to try their Oysters and their soup.  I reluctantly said ok. . . When we got there I was surprised to see a line of people to sit down.  There was around 10 or 12 people in line.  He said forget it and lets come back a little later as that is about a two hour wait.  I didn't believe him but we went and did our thing and came back later.  There was about 4 people in line and we had to wait around 20 minutes to be seated.  . . We ordered a dozen oysters.  Let me tell you...  Those were one of the most freshest oysters I have ever eaten.  Dang did they go down smoothly and the sauce was great!  Ordered the Palace Pan Roast.  We had to wait around 40 minutes to get it.  Let me tell you this.  If you like seafood based soups, your mouth will be in for a treat!  It takes a long time because they let the soup reduce into a rich and creamy explosion in your mouth that you can't stop eating.  One thing though... they ask you how spicy you want it.  I ordered a seven out of ten and I was sweating bullets.  Next time I went (yes I have been going here every time I go to Las Vegas which is once or twice a year for the past 4 years) I did a 5 and it was still a little on the spicy side but was more manageable. . . Only draw back is if you have no patience, you shouldn't eat here as you will have to wait in line and wait for your food.  Although it is truly worth every single minute.   . . By the way they are open 24 hours a day so you might be better off going later if you can to avoid the lines.
I usually don't write reviews.... But when I do it's only for the best places. This is one of those places. Seafood lovers can rejoice when they taste the combo pan roast. The clam chowder is only matched by the chowder found on pier 39 in SF.  The meal I shared with my gf was as follows: 1/2 dozen oysters(Fresh and big), 3 bloody Mary oyster shooters, bowl of clam chowder(order the bowl it's 3 times the size of a cup), combo roast(lobster, crab, & shrimp and they loaded it up!), linguini & clams(plenty of clams and cooked just right). For the two entries the level 7 spiciness was just right if you like a little kick. Service was great, and I heard the wait can suck(we lucked out today)
This review that I am writing is fresher than fresh. I have just endured a vegas weekend complete with drinking, clubbing, eating, and more eating. With that said, my highlight of the trip was visiting the Oyster Bar. The palace station casino is a bit away from the strip and isn't anything special, but the oyster bar was something.. . We waited in line for about 20 minutes and then go to sit down. There are probably 15 seats at a time so the wait can be very long at times. I ordered the pan roast combo and damn, it was made in front of my eyes and made me feel so good inside.. . I never knew that a bowl of this could be so filling and so damn delicious. Bob, the chef at the time, was freaking funny as heck. He's very nice and engaging and I found out that he is Billy Cundiff's cousin (the same kicker for the baltimore ravens who just missed against the patriots today). We were eating and watching the game with Bob as he was fixing up some good meals. . For about 20 dollars, I think this was by far the best meal I have eaten during this vegas trip. The sauce is just right, the oysters are good, and everything is just bomb.. . 5 stars!. . Whenever you are in vegas, please hit this place up. There is nothing better to cure your hangover than some of this pan roast.
There's nothing like having a dozen oysters and clam chowder at 3 a.m., whether you're up or down. Don't be deceived by the state of the casino, oyster bar is for real.
Pan roast combo #10 is all I need to say.  That being said, the wait and wait staff can be painful to deal with but the food is a must try for everyone that comes to Vegas. Everything is cooked in font of you and everyone is pretty social at the bar. . .  If I were to do it again I would make sure to get a beer or two for the wait. Patience is a needed while waiting.
Have you ever dined in the middle of a casino?. Have you ever had seafood in the middle of a casino?. If you haven't... Try!!! It is de-li-ci-o-so enough to endure waiting in long line to be seated at a less than 20 person-seats by a seafood bar, at a casino off the strip, surrounded by gamblers nearby . . .. . Not sounding attractive?. So I thought too, when my parents first took us here years ago-. . But it's definitely worth it!!!. Because this place is not only unique but their food taste unbelievable!!! (as you can see from amazing Yelp reviews). . Honestly, it was always good; no doubt about that. But this time around, it was extra special, extra yummy!.  . . . so good that we almost went back for seconds before we ended our trip (which doesn't happen often because i am not too big on repeating restaurants). . So! as written on the website, . "authentic and delicious flavors described as a "cross between san francisco & new orleans" the las vegas oyster bar at palace station features live-action cooking and may just be the bestkept secret in town...but not for long. order up little neck clams steamed to perfection or mussels from the deep blue sea. try a bowl of new england clam chowder or cioppino, or get a gumbo, pasta dish or the best oysters in las vegas right while siting at the bar. the freshest oyster bar in las vegas is first come, first serve, and always worth the wait". . We started out with some fresh appetizer, which they crack open on the spot. the whole procedure is pretty interesting to watch & it was funny when they told us "it took us much longer to open few oysters than for you guys to finish eating!". As you can tell from their name oyster bar, their oysters are SUPER fresh, SUPER tasty (even my sister who's not too fond of seafood approves). But if you are not too big on oysters like me (although theirs is definite must), try their fresh clams on the shell because ohhhhhh boy, these were delish!. . Their main entrees are cooked individually in their special-looking pot by "steam". the chef individually prepares all the dishes so to be honest, your dish pretty much depends on which chef prepares it!. According to my parents who come here at least twice a year, our chef that night came back after leaving due to sickness, so we were in for a treat! . and surely . . .some amazing food we had coming that night :D . . The dish we always order, the bouillabaisse, which is classic french stew with onions, celery, shrimp, crab, lobster, cod, mussels and clams where you can adjust the "heat" leavel . . .. I get about 4~5 (regular) & it's perfect for me & as you can see from photos I posted,  you get BIG chunks of seafood in your stew which you can enjoy with the side of rice that comes with the stew.. . Their seafood jambalaya is also EXCELLENT!!!. Made with shrimp, crab, lobster, andouille sausage, mussels & clams is similar to my parents' favorite bouillabaisse , but it had more flavors . . .yumm!!!. . Honestly, i  personally prefer not too many people knowing about this spot,. so that I don't have to wait as long when i am there (as the line is already too long) but i decided to share it with you all, so hope you enjoy next time you are in las vegas!I am actually tempted to drive 4hrs+ to las vegas because i am craving this! *wink*
Every year MINI Cooper clubs, from around the country, hold an annual MINI meet called AMVIV at the Palace Station.  My wife and I have gone for the last 6 years.  Every time we're there we have stopped by the Oyster Bar for the oysters and beer.  Last week we stopped by and decided to try their "Pan Roasts".  What a treat.  These are fantastic.  Lots of seafood and the flavor is really really really good.. We enjoyed it so much we went back the following day and tried the Gumbo.  WOW!  Bob makes the best Gumbo I've had in a looong time. It's been a week and I still can't stop thinking about the Gumbo.  Trying to find another reason to go back to Vegas just so I can get more Gumbo.
I love, love, love this place! The restaurant is located in the old Palace Station. The name said it all for this place. It's just a bar with about 10 seats. I've read a lot of reviews that said the wait was long. Luckily for my boyfriend and I, we did not have to wait and were seated right away. The restaurant is very casual and the service is casual as well. I don't mind it since the food was extremely delicious. We ordered a dozen oysters and the Pan Roast. The oyster were really fresh and the dipping sauce was delicious too. The Pan Roast, on the other hand, was so delicious. It was one of the highlight point of the entire trip there. Writing this review makes me feel hungry for the Pan Roast. It's that good! I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!
We came here after a fulfilling Vegas trip with 10 people. hahahah we were thinking it was going to be a restaurant. Nope! it was a literal bar. My girlfriend and I really wanted oysters so we waited. The rest of our friends went to eat pho. Man did they miss out.. . We waited about 15 min and were seated. We saw soups being made and cooked right in front of us. They looked tasty. When we are asked how spicy we wanted our soup from a 1 to 10 my girlfriend said 8! The chef then said, " Are you suurrre!". I'm glad he stopped us. We ended up getting a 6 and it was still nice and spicy.. . Of course we got our oysters which were very fresh and clean. It is kind of pricey but you have to take into account they are in the middle of the desert selling seafood. lol This was a cool hidden place and a must try if you are a foodie in Vegas.
Damnnn.... . When they say SPICY, they really mean it! So beware, or you'll leave swollen, sweaty, and sorry.. . The soup is amazingly flavorful with all those little shellfish looking oh soooo damn good. . . The oysters are refreshing, slimy, and sexy. . . Go here! Seing that there's only like 15 seats at the bar, avoid lunch/dinner crowds cause you will be waiting.  Maybe the best time to come is early am, after the club, when your trying to sober up from a weekend of debauchery. =x
Just as good as everyone says it is!  . . The only downside is the wait!  There are maybe... 12-16 seats only, bar seating only.  So you can imagine the waits.  We waited about 30 minutes for 4 people, but they mentioned at night it gets super crazy.  Probably all the drunks hungry people come in.. . The server we had was really nice and was working her ass off and did her very best to refill our drinks.. . I got the pan roast like everyone recommends, and it did not disappoint.  Large chunks of seafood inside.  Its like a cajun safood bisque if I had to call it something and they include a scoop of rice.  I heard they charge you more for extra rice, some of my other friends went and got a bunch of scoops for free.. . The 1 plate alone of pan roast is very filling and they ask you the spice level on a 1-10 scale.  I got a 2 since i'm weak sauce but my friends got 5.  They are convinced they were all the same spice level since the guy makes the food in front of you and it look like he used the same amt in all of our dishes.  I think they all tasted very similar as well.. . There are also oysters there which I did not try, but looked good.  Seems the pan roast was by far more popular than getting oysters on the half shell. . . Loved the food, will make this a new must go to place every time I go to vegas!
This is a hidden gem in Las Vegas. The bar is right in the middle of the casino at Palace Station. I was expecting an actual restaurant, not a bar with 20 chairs. There was a long line to wait to sit down so I figured it was definitely worth the wait. Luckily, I was with other people so I played Roulette while we waited to be seated. Once seated, they take your orders very calmly. They do not rush you considering there is a line of people waiting to eat. The food is cooked in steam pots instead of a gas burner.  . . I ordered the oyster bloody mary shooters and the Pan roast at level 7 hot.. . This place is soo good I would recommend it to anyone...
I haven't been involved with drugs or anything like that but if this is the feeling of addiction, then this place must be my crack.. . I have lived in Vegas for 7 years now and didn't understand the interest for this place and finally tried it about 3 months ago. I have been to all the buffets on the Strip ( I mean EVERY) and most restaurants that offer good food. My oh my, I have been hooked since going here and forgot all about the other places I usually go to. I tried to go now weekly around midnight ( that's right, no lines, hehe) if I can and already ordered almost everything on the menu. All time fave must be the Combo Pan Roast and Seafood Jambalaya. The Pan Roast has that creamy and very tasty soup and with the seafood that's mixed in it, it literally feels like food heaven. Seafood Jambalaya is presented well and is a winner itself. You can never go wrong with anything that you'll order. . . Since it's an 18-seater bar, be ready to wait during regular business hours. If you rate this place other than 4 or 5 stars, there must be something wrong with your taste buds or expectations.
We love this restaurant which is inside the Palace Station Casino. There are long waits, so try to go at a non-mealtime. We ate there on March 11, 2012 and now they are open 24/7! They were very accommodating with seating our group of 7.
I finally had the chance to try this oyster bar and it was AMAZING.. 5 stars amazing!!. . located at the Palace Station (about a $10 cab ride from the hotels on the strip) . We went on a Tuesday around 4pm so there was no line (the workers said the line is usually really long). . half dozen oysters ($12) - 5 stars. came with cocktail sauce and horseradish. must get!. . cup of clam chowder ($5) - 4 1/2 stars. really tasty and the clams were fresh.. . Pan roast with crab, shrimp and lobster ($20) - 5 stars. MUST GET. comes with rice but my boyfriend asked if we could get half noodles half rice. . - I prefer the rice with it more but it was nice to taste both and he didnt charge us. . My boyfriend and I split all of these items and left full. This place is by far one of my favorite places to eat in las vegas.
I've been to Oyster Bar for many years now. Everytime we are in Vegas, this is a must go. Although the line is really long, it's worth the wait. . My favorites: . Bouillabaisse and Gumbo =)
Service: that lady and the chef is amazing. . Food: Pan Roast (combo), so yummy that I need to eat 2 bowls of rice (usually I eat 1/2 bowl).. . Wait: 1.5 hour for Friday night and 45 mins for Sunday night, better go there before 5:30pm to avoid crowd, you will still have to wait but the queue will be shorter.. . **I went there twice in my 3 day trip, as the food is SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Probably the best hidden gem I've encountered! The wait was long but well worth it. Had oysters, pan roast gumbo and draft beer with friends. Everybody loved it even the drunk gamblers that eat there. I will always recommend this place to people I know.
The Pan Roasts are why we stay here. The Gumbo is delish too. I 've almost tried the menu & I enjoyed everything i tried.. The chef was the same guy as last time, He's tall, black and wears glasses-he's friendly and helpful and can straight out cook his rear off when its busy.. . **If you like or love seafood DO NOT IGNORE THIS-Try it out you will return for more. I highly recommend eating here. They serve a huge glass of beer and their bloodMarys are very good and spicy too.
Situated in a very random hotel off the strip is this gem of Cajun deliciousness!  The pan roasts are amazing (it's rice with seafood in an amazing thick creamy sauce... I can't even begin to describe it...).  The service is friendly and they serve it right when it's ready (you sit at a bar with about 20 seats and they make it in front of you so it's still hot).  I went here twice in 2 days (no joke, it's that good), but the second time, my boyfriend and I had to wait about 45 minutes due to the limited capacity.  Although it's open 24 hours, it seems to always be crowded!
Thank you Yelpers for helping find this hidden food utopia! I got there around 5:30 on a Sunday evening, just me so I didn't have to wait. Ordered the combo Pan Roast with no spice and it was fantastic! The perfect meal for a weary traveler and I have about 3 days worth of leftovers. Very reasonably priced. Highly recommend for a casual dinner. I wouldn't recommend coming with a group though. It literally is a bar with about 20 seats and it's first come first serve.
YUMMY.  We all made a trip out to Palace Station for the $5 pai gow tables and the Oyster Bar!. . So the wait was about 10 minutes, but that's because we came at a decent time and there were 7 of us.  We ordered a dozen oysters, fresh and pungent horseradish!  . . Oyster shooters was amazing in their bloody marys. . . And the gumbo, wow you get to see it made in front of you!! It takes a while for it to make but it's worth while and amazing.  One of the best gumbo's I've had!  The shrimp wasn't overcooked, the rice on the side was delicious.  The only thing about the entrees were that they were HUGE! So I recommend sharing!  I shared it with two other people.  . . The Etoufee was really good too, the seafood in it wasn't overcooked, highly recommended.  . . Everything was amazing here, I wish they had a place like this in NY!! And amazing service, they were happy to pose for us too and we got their email addresses to send them the photos lol.
OMG!!! No matter what people! You have to come here every time you visit Las Vegas! Yes, it might be located at Palace Station, but do not judge where the location is, the food here is mouth watering! Open 24/7! Can't go wrong with that! Seating is very LIMITED! The line and wait time can be pretty crazy, but if you are really a huge fan of tasting new places this is the place to go! . . What I ordered was the lobster pan roast with pasta and lobster gumbo with rice. The lobster was FRESH and thick! The pan roast was like tasting tomato soup with a kick in it! WARNING: There is cream in the pan roast for the lactose people...(I asked for a 7 for spice level, but the cook told me to go a little under so I went with 6. I am thankful that I did that! Lol! Drank like 4 glasses of water and tried to eat bread to balance it out!) The gumbo was light and delightful! You can't go wrong with these two!. . The service here is wonderful! Five stars! If they had ten stars, I would definitely give it to them! The cook that we had was named Bob and the server was named Delora. The cook was very sweet and friendly! He liked to joke around and made everyone feel welcomed and at home! The server was great! I asked for more bread and she gave me like five of them instead of one and we were just joking around the whole time! I felt like we known these people for a long time, even though, it was my first time trying it!. . I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO EVERYONE! =). . P.S. The sister chain, which is located in Chino Hills, The Broiler, is by far an imitation of this place! Since The Oyster Bar is the original location! . . Also, I think this place is only 21 years and older, because they cook with alcohol. =/
Its really good, I was doubtful because of its location and because there are so many choices in Las Vegas and wow, this place is amazing.  I know the line is long but its definitely worth the 1 hour-ish wait.  After our first try, we came here three night in a row to have more of the amazing food.. . This is definitely nothing fancy as Guy Savoy, but it is definitely authentic Southern style seafood.  I love this type of no frill food joint.  Just good food without the expensive tag.  During our visits, I tried most of the items on the menu.. . First off, you get to pick level 1 to 10 for your food's spicyness.  I go for 1 or 0 simply because I dont' like spicy food.. . The dinner roll is complimentary, and it is the standard sourdough roll, served warm with butter.. . Their Clam Chowder is actually not that good, too powdery taste. I don't know why others liked it, I didn't.  Not enough clam in it too.  I like Boudin's Clam Chowder better when compare to similiar level.. . Their Bouillabaisse is good, you can choose between rice or noodle, it is tomato based soup with all of the seafoods (Lobster, Crab, Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Fish..etc), which is their #2 signature item.. . #1 most popular item is their combo roast.  It is thicker in terms of broth, but it goes really well with rice.  You get to pick your favorite toppings but combo roast comes with shrimp, crab, and lobster, which is better in my opinion than the Palace Roast (with chicken).  Its little bit spicy for me but the bold taste of the seafood is one of the best I had for years.. . My personal favorite goes to the Shrimp Scampi with Pasta.  Its the clam soup with melted butter and loads of tiger shrimp.  Its so heavenly.  I would order extra noodle next time when I go to satisfy my crave.. . Tip: There's no tip as in when the lines will be shorter, its really your luck but the chef really matters alot.  Even the materials/ingredients are all the same, but chef really made the difference.  During our 3 visits, this fat chef whose always happy did the best job.  His shrimp scampi is out of this world yet another chef always seems piss at something...did a very sloppy job, my scampi was dry and soup-less.  Good luck waiting and don't lose too much money on slots while waiting in line!
I didn't want to yelp about this spot as I always called it my families little secret. But with the line and obivously the huge amount of reviews, it is no secret.  . . This is a stop EVERYTIME I am in Vegas. Food is just amazing. Yeah yeah, Palace Station. I thought that the first time too. But this place is crazy delicious. Half dozen oysters for me with splitting something and that fills me up. . . I know I have had the gumbo, jumbalya, etoufee and I want to say I tried something else the last time I was in town but cant remember what it was. However I know my girlfriend looked at me with a food smile I have never seen.  She loved it! . . Make it a stop everytime you are in Vegas. Just hope your luck is used on the tables and not showing up here when there is no line.
This is the BEST cajan Seafood place in LV!. BUT do not order alcohol here. You can bring your beverages.
As if I needed another reason to come here and enjoy some good soup. The scenery here at times can be sketchy at best and that's not due to alcohol and whatever else floats your inner-child's balloon. I love a good show before dinner to make the experience of dining with your gal even better. Especially when the "show" comes free of charge;) Not that I'm a cheapskate, but more money in my pocket equals more fun.  Anyhow, I saw an elderly man in a mobile-chair at the ticket redemption booth next to the service counter as I waited in the perennial looong line here. I don't know what it is about elderly people that always draws my attention to them. It never fails! So the gentleman who finishes his transaction, proceeds to reverse and smash into a heavy file cabinet some 25 feet away. That was enough room to fit two OLDS-mobiles (pardon the pun) side by side. Initially holding my breath because I thought maybe he was hurt? Negative. Old man hits drive! Still processing what I just seen, I was starting to see the humor in it. I never expected what happened next. One of the attendants at the service desk was LHAO!! And not only that but she was doing it in front of him as he stopped in front of her. I thought that was very odd considering she was talking to him and laughing at him at the same time. So she made me laugh! The conversation between them seemed as though they knew each other very well. With tears of utter joy, I proceeded to tell her that was the funniest thing I saw but that I felt bad for him. Sort of. As she gave me a high-five in accordance of the situation; all the while she was still "moved". She explained to me that he always does that. The day before he knocked a trash can over that was also very avoidable. And another cabinet on the other side as well. Let's just say he's come into more "contact" with things/people in this casino than any manager/PR person working here. Truly the best free show I've seen in this casino PERIOD! Did I mention the elderly man has also been "pulled-over" in here for speeding a few times. Priceless. Well thank you to the attendant for filling me in on Mr. Andretti and his antics here at the Palace Station, Peace!!
Seafood combo pan roast is a must!!  Spicier the better too!
SO bomb!  Combo Pan Roast FTW!!  Went here at like 3 AM after a whole day of partying, taking a nap, and not eating in between.  It was like a gift from the Gods to soothe my empty stomach.  . . The cook was really friendly, too.  . . Who would've thought Palace Station had it like that?  Boomshakala!
MUST TRY: Combo Roast (cream of tomato w/brandy, crab, shrimp, and lobster) $20 generous portion. . The dish is served with a scoop of rice, but I recommend getting a side of pasta because it tastes so much better! The wait can be long and tedious because the bar only has about 15 chairs and those waiting are simply standing in line with nowhere to sit.  The food here was one of the highlights of my trip and I still have cravings for it but Vegas is 4 hours from me so I looked up a local restaurant that serves similar food and found The Boiler in Chino Hills. It'll do for now!. . For an oyster bar, their oysters were not that good =/ very small like clams and it was not the tastiest, just regular.
I've been coming here before Yelp was even popular. Their combo pan roast and cioppino is amazing! Both are about $20 and a huge portion. The Oysters are super fresh and very clean tasting. Raw clams are good as well, but I prefer Oysters over them.. This place gets super packed and the wait time can be very long. They have seating for about 12-16 People only! So try not to come here during peak hours. (Open 24/7) Seriously though my go to place when I'm at Vegas for the WSOP.
Went again.....and no wait this time. YAY!
After years of hearing myth and lore, finally made the trek to Oyster Bar. Didn't want to wait in line, so we decided to come here before going out (~8pm ish), no line. Spicy food + heavy cream before going out, I know, bad idea. Ordered the combo pan roast, level 8 spiciness, and it was well worth the late night farts in the club (the kind where people look for the source of the stench and you just sulk into the background). One order is plenty of food for two people and I forgot why, but they were having a $1 Bud Light night for some reason. Still hungry, then just load up on the delicious, warm, pillowy sourdough rolls. . No frills, good service, good food.
Wow! Combo pan roast, Level 8 was SPICY but so GOOOD. Don't be scared of the chef, he wears a hat that says, LOVE LOCALS, cuz he hates tourists. He snaps at you but its just a facade , he's actually a really nice man who pretends like he dont take shit from customers!
PAN ROAST ROCKS!!! Anyone who loves seafood, MUST eat Pan Roast at the Oyster Bar in Palace Station. 90% of customers at the bar order Pan Roast. It's a seafood bisque with choice of lobster, crab, shrimp or combo (all 3). Also, your choice of spicy/hotness from 1 to 10. I like the combo #5. Go off lunch and dinner hours or be standing in a long line. Now that they are open 24 hours, I like to go for brunch around 10 am... no lines and it holds me over until dinner. Seafood lovers know Pan Roast at Oyster Bar!!!
OMG I loooove this place. Every time I am craving a big bowl of gumbo or some  oysters on the  half shell I gotta come to this place. There is practically a line there every time I go so I highly recommend getting there early, but the food is so worth the wait. they are consistent with their quality and the flavors are always spot on.
The hour and a half wait is worth it, but if you can't wait for awesome food, come really early in the morning or late at night.. And even then, there is a short 15 minute wait.. . It is the most amazing tomato biqsue with buttery perfection. Add rice or noodles to it and it is the perfect comfort food after a late night of partying. . . Order the Combo Pan Roast! Adjust the spiciness to your liking. . . Need I say more.. Now go order it!
Wow the Pan Roast was incredible
Like my friends say...it's bomb.com!  Unique creole flavors you won't find just about anywhere else.  . . All the praise for the food here is accurate.  So I won't waste keystrokes typing about that.. . Very seldom do I reward 5 stars to places that come with an hour wait.  But with Oyster Bar, It's worth the wait.  5 Stars and bravo to you!  You also earn the coveted "eat everything here" award.. . Eat everything here people!
Awesome! Loved it! The wait is well worth it! The waitress Sandra is great. The cook Holoman ( I think) was very good too.  I can't wait to go back. I had the Palace Pan Roast and my bf had the etouffee. Both very good. Next time I'd like to try their crab cakes and gumbo. I really wish they could expand this place so the wait wouldn't be so long though.
Ate there at 2am,  read many previous reviews about the long wait.... this was the perfect time.....walked right up and sat down!  . . We had the raw oysters,  colossal  shrimp cocktail,  and the shrimp/crab/chicken/sausage pan roast!!!  wow...... amazing flavors!  Cannot wait to try it again and again.....have to plan a trip just to visit this spot... . Also happy hour is 1am-9am.......so I also enjoyed a 16oz bloody mary for $3.50! yum!
The most delicious Meal. Ever! Moving forward I will always make time for a meal here when I'm in Vegas! I did the crab/lobster pan roast and it was delicious!! 19.99 seems high when you look at it but it's worth every penny! The wait is worth it too! We waited for 25 minutes at 3am in the morning! A must try!!!
I ate so well, I was embarrassed by myself *burp*. . Listen...take the time, wait in line...order the Pan Roast, and the Clam Chowder...it will make you lose your mind!. . I did't know Vegas had it like this...I felt like I was back in my me-maw's New Orleans kitchen! *wipes tear*  *drops mike*
OMG Ricardo is the man!!!!!!!!!!!. . After Sergio left, and numerous failed return visits hoping for a new chef, Ricardo is truly a breath of fresh air.. . Yes, their food is legendary, but who's cooking has a lot to do with how much you'll enjoy your experience -- not to mention how long you'll be waiting in that line!. . Ricardo is simply amazing.  He can clear out a line 20 people deep in an hour.  And once you've seated and ordered, you won't wait longer than 15 minutes.  Not like you'll be rushing to get out of there when he's cooking.  He is a joy to be around.  Hilarious, entertaining, efficient, and great at what he does.  It's also a pleasure to see someone who is enthusiastic, truly enjoys their job and cares that you have an equally enjoyable experience.. . The other cooks (Bob and others not worth remembering) are terrible.  The same line of 20 people, expect to wait about 2-3 hours if you're lucky.  The food sucks, inconsistent (see my prior reviews), and watching them work is like pulling teeth.  Actually, I think pulling teeth would be better.
On a spontaneous trip to Vegas with the BF, we were expecting to get into vegas at 2am.  What is there decent to eat in Vegas at that time?  Steak and eggs? Mmmmh, not in the mood for it.  Earl's? Not againnn.  So we started yelping for oysters since I've heard of some pretty bomb oyster places in LV and came upon this place.. . What the hell is a pan roast? Tomato based with seafood?!  We are so there.. . We got there and waited about 15 minutes to be seated.  That is the only bad part about this place--too little seats, too high in demand.  It is not an eat and run type of place, if you don't have about an hour or two--this isn't the place for you.. . We ordered the pan roast level 6---and a year later, we still come here for pan roast when we're in town.  We've gotten most of our family and friends addicted to this place too.. . I don't suggest coming during peak times if you have a big party, AND if you do have a big party--expect to wait.  We came here once with 6 friends and waited more than an hour just so we can have seats next to each other.. . The food is cooked in front of you and service can be a tad slow. Side note--you can't call in for to-go orders.  Even if you want to take it to-go you have to go there and wait in line (yes I've tried.)
We had the freshess oysters in Las Vegas. Loved it and im coming back tomorrow.
I LOVE OYSTERS! My friends took me here and seriously didn't think it could possibly be that great, it's a bar that seats probaly less than 20 people at a time and people still wait at the red ropes hoping to be seated.  We just stand there and stare at the while they eat.  The food was AMAZING... I haven't gone back and it's been months and I still dream about it.  Pan roast and clam chowder, share with someone because it's huge.  We took the leftovers back to the hotel and I actually tried to hide it in the fridge so no one else eats it.  DROOLINGGGGGG...
It's worth the wait!!!  If you get restless, press your luck on the slots ;)  It's a small counter that seats about 20 people.  When we were there I never saw the end of the line.  . . Oh man, the House Pan Roast is delicious!  It's a huge portion...I couldn't finish it, I didn't complain when I had it for dinner too.  Be careful with getting too confident with the amount of spiciness that you request for.  I got a 6 and it was good, I was able to enjoy my food with a hint of spiciness. . . One of the fun things is that you get to watch your food get cooked in front of you.  You can see all the passion that's put into each order.  The staff is friendly and pretty funny, love it when they have a sense of humor.. . We also got the Bloody Mary Oyster Shooters, they were yummy too. I'll be heading back here!
After reading all the reviews I finally decided to try this place out and I'm glad I did.  The place is open 24 hours, but there's always a line I'm told.  For the duration I was there, there was always a group waiting.  I got there at 8pm and had to wait about an 45 min, but the line had down by 9pm.  The biggest problem is that there are only 17 seats, which are stools that circles around the bar.. . The food is amazing and fun to watch, they are made in these stainless steel steamers that look like something from a steam punk engine and are located in the center of the bar.  I got the House Pan Roast spicy level 7 with extra lobster.  The lobster though was rubbery and tasted just like shrimp.  Next time I'd get extra crab.  At any rate, it was delicious and totally worth the wait.  The soup was thick and flavorful, like a really rich spicy gumbo that went well with rice.  I'd also like to try noodles next time too. I would totally go here if they had one in LA.
Located in the Palace Station just off the Las Vegas Strip. They serve Gumbo, and Jambalaya made to order.  It is literally smack in the middle of the casino. You order you dish on a heat scale of 1 to 10. I asked the guy behind the bar who was going to prepare mine what level he usually got, he replied, 25. I had an 8 and that was right on the edge for me. I will have to build up to the 25 (we all have to have some aspiration in life). A must try. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Decided to give this place a shot after reading so many great reviews.  We got in line around 11pm on a Sat night.  Waited for about 30 mins to get seated and it was totally worth it.  Oysters are shucked fresh as you order.  I went with the pan roast level 5 and it was delish.  Could have probably went a little spicier but didn't want to chance it on my first try.  My buddy went with the alaskan chowder which was tasty as well.
Still really good food. There seems to be more people now going here because the other station Oyster bar is closed for renovation. Still worth the wait. JJ the Master Chef worked his magic and made an exceptional Combo Pan Roast. As always ate it to the last drop. You know a place is good when most of the people you sit next to are locals.
Food was excellent...had the House Gumbo for the first time!! I will be stopping here on my next visit... Go in late,late evening there is a very long wait....for the line
A must go to spot now that I have been here! . . Funny turn of events but I had won money on the Monopoly machine while waiting in line for a seat at the restaurant and when it was time to eat, printed out the voucher. I unknowingly left the voucher in my pocket so the next day, had to come back to the hotel to cash out and figured I mind as well eat here again because it was that good!. . So this review combines both my experiences at Oyster Bar, what a steal!. . Day 1:. . Dinner time Wed Night - 1 hour wait. . Yes, there is limited seating here. They also don't allow you to over order here just so they can keep customers going in and out.. . To order:. Dozen oysters - good but on the small side (coming back the following day, the patron next to me ordered the same but his oysters were at least twice the size of mine the previous day). Clam chowder - tastes like melted pepperjack cheese, yum. Combination pan roast - $5 splitting charge, comes with rice... loaded with seafood and tastes great with the rice... this was the star of the meal hands down. Shrimp cocktail - ordered this but the waitress was slammed and by the time we . had brought it to her attention, we were full off other stuff. Oyster shooters - filled ours with vodka... very nice. . Service was as fast as it could be. All seats were filled so things were a little bit too chaotic for my taste. Even so, not bad given the circumstances.. . Day 2:. . Lunch time Thurs afternoon - no wait. . Ended up ordering completely new items.. . To order:. Dozen clams - much meatier than oysters, can't say I prefer them over oysters though. Shrimp cocktail - pretty standard, not presented very nicely though. Gumbo - this one grows on you for sure, not a big fan after the first bite but it got progressively tastier as the meal went on. . Service as expected was more attentive (as there were less people). There is a chef here that doesn't seem to enjoy his job so that was a bit off putting.. . All in all, the food really takes center stage here. I really felt like I was getting my money's worth by eating here not once, but twice. I'll be back for sure!
Love this place! . . 1.) Application to work here as a chef requires you how to cook well and spit jokes at the time. Great experience. . . 2.) $16 for a dozen oyster (not bad of a price) - I would recommend trying their raw combo, which is half fresh oysters and half  resh clams. . 3.) Pan roast combo @ level 8 spicy is right on the money! It is kinda pricey though. Looking at $23 for a bowl. If you're going to split it with another person, I recommend paying more for extra meats. The give you two scoops of rice for 2 people, but not the meats (of course!). . . Thanks Bob and Delores.
Still an hour wait on a Saturday at 10 pm and yes, it was worth the wait.. . Love the pan roast combo with shrimp, crab, and lobster at spicy level 7 and raw oysters.  Skip the clam chowder (nothing special).  The pricing is very reasonable at $19.99 for pan roast combo and $16.99 for dozen oysters.  I can't wait to eat that creamy tomato seafood stew with rice and oysters again!
The best combo pan roast, ever!  Delicious oysters, great clam chowder, and the chefs are all great.  Worth the hour or more wait, try to avoid going at 5pm when the chefs are switching out, the wait can get longer.  There are oysters bars in the other Station Casinos but this tiny barstool venue is the place I go to when I crave the spicy, creamy goodness that is the pan roast.
The pan roast is absolutely amazing!  Can have a long wait time to be seated if you come at the wrong time.
The line is always long.  The casino is super smoky and off the beaten path a ways.  BUT and this is a big BUTT...this place has the most amazingly delicious pan roasts on the planet.  As soon as we step off the plane in Vegas this is the first place that we stop.  OMG it is so good.  We have also had a few other dishes which were also fantastic but nothing beats the pan roasts here.  I hate that there are only about 15 chairs at this tiny little oyster bar because the line takes forever to get through.  This past weekend we waited for well over an hour to be seated.  I want to say it was probably closer to two.  It was well worth it though.  This is definitely a must stop place while in Vegas.
This place is a definite must every time I'm in Vegas. The wait is long since it really is just a bar that they seat you at so I suggest coming early in the day. Avoid coming at dinner. Or come really late at night. I always get the house combo pan roast and spicy level 7. If you like really spicy stuff you can go higher. I think 6 is mild and 5 is like nothing. Hehe. The staff is very friendly and the service is good.
Hendo, try the combination pan roast, oh boy.  Clams on the half shell, one of the best food items on earth.
amazing food with a great local, divey vibe...worth the wait
I'm officially a believer!  After missing out on oyster bar on our vegas trip last year, we made it a point to come here on our trip this year.  . . My friend was telling us this was a must-have in vegas and we were a little skeptical because of the location... . . Anyways, after some drinking and gambling at the $5 tables at palace station, we waited a little and sat down at the oyster bar around 3am.  . . I'll cut to the chase, the combo pan roast was SOOO BOMB!!  Fresh oysters were pretty good too.  Only downside was the wait for the food.  We waited almost 1 hour after we sat down and ordered to get our food.  One buddy who was pretty drunk made it up until about 5 minutes before the food came, then he disappeared to the bathroom for the rest of the night.  Really sucked for him because the food was amazing!. . Fast forward to the next night.  After drinking/gambling on the strip, we found ourselves at the oyster bar again, this time around 6am.  No wait to sit down and a little less of a wait to get our food.  Again, combo pan roast was $$$$$$$$!. . I'm definitely coming back here every time I'm in vegas!  Just gotta remember to bring some tums for the heartburn lol...
2nd visit here.  Had to stop in, though I'm pregnant, because of how good it was last time I ate here.  I'm hoping the Rockefellers I had were okay for someone in my "condition" to eat.  Had none of the raw stuff, but even the Rockefellers satisfied a craving!  Servers are so nice and easy going, offered my friend and I a free shot!  Lol, he was very surprised when I showed him my belly (thanx guy!!).  As I was given a free oyster shooter last time I was here also, they seem to me very hospitable!!  Anyway, if you love oysters and all things sea food, you won't be disappointed!
ok....where do i start with this one?  This is inside the Palace Station Casino off the strip so its not Vegas glam.  It's called the Oyster Bar and it really is just a bar so if you go looking for an actual restuarant...you'll miss it.  The bar seats maybe 10-12 folks and there is always a line (you'll smell why when you get there).  I had the combo pan roast with shimp, crab and lobster in this tomato based sauce that was just so delicious i wanted to lick the bowl.  They cook your meal in these steaming pots right in front of you.  They only have 6 pots so that's why it takes a while to get your food....but it it worth every second!!!  A. . cant wait to go back!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in all of Las Vegas! . . My usual - . Half dozen oysters, and a combo pan roast (spicy # 6). . There is only counter seating at the Oyster and it is located on the casino floor next to the Broiler. . . More than likely you'll roll up to a line, but don't bail! It's so worth the wait, and the wait can be real long! There are no reservations to be made, and there are maybe a total of 12-15 seats at the counter. Since it's now open 24-7 you can often time it right and not wait that long. . . The food is always dead on, and so comforting. Big chucks of seafood and a scoop of rice in a tomato based giant bowl of goodness. . . Dining at the Oyster Bar is always fun. JJ one of the cooks, has been there forever. They make your food, and shuck the oysters right in front of you. As an added bonus, there's always some interesting, & crazy casino folk @ Palace Station to people watch while your enjoying your pan roast of choice.
Came here due to high praises from a couple friends and I was not disappointed.. . I first tried it a friend of mine. Ordered the following items:. . - Pan Roast, Combo with level 5 spicy. Texture is creamy (slightly thick).   . . - Etouffee, level 5 spicy. Texture is soupy.. . Both were very tasty and the ingredients was fresh and generous. At first glance, I thought certain pieces were scallop but it was actually lobster meat.. We liked it so much that we back the very next day and brought 7 other friends. We all loved it and had so much fun and laughter. Many thanx to Sandra the waitress, Bob the chef and one other chef (Asian guy) but I didn't get his name. If the owner is reading this, we dined around 3:30pm on September 7th, 2012. Sandra is a sweet heart. She knew we had a large party and did her best to seat us all together and made sure we were happy and taken care off. Bob has a very sarcastic sense of humor and bantered with us the whole time and so did the other Asian chef when they had the shift change. We all believe Bob overheard us saying  that level 5 spicy wasn't that spicy and took offense. When all of my friends ordered level 7, I think he gave it something extra because it was SPICY. Luckily for me, he didn't cook my dish until last so I was able to taste my friend's level 7. Immediately after sampling level 7, I barked at Bob to make mine a level 6. He looked at me, laughed and called me a name that rhymed with wussie. Everyone at the counter busted out laughing. It was the most enjoyable part of my vacation. All of us definitely will be back.. . By the way, the dish that I ordered the second time was cioppino. I loved it, thought it was better than pan roast and etouffee.  I plan to keep ordering cioppino until I get sick of it.. . The only complaint is that the dining area is quite small. Only 6 steam cooking devices and approx  18 seats. I wish they expand to hold more people. Luckily, they open 24 hours but still, I am sure most of the time, there is a wait. We waited 2 hours for our seats.. . The very next weekend, I tried a place near my home in Southern California called the Broiler located in Chino Hills. The cooking method is the same but the taste is not. Ingredients didn't taste the same either. Maybe because Oyster Bar is backed by a casino so the result is that they can afford better quality items. . . Looks like I will be planning more trips to Vegas in the near future.
Flavorful soup, perfection!. . Went here on Monday at 4 am to avoid the line, 4 am and it was decently busy still! That's a good sign =D. . Had happy hour oyster, clam steamer, and etoffe, sadly they were out of bullion base. Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup. . . Soup was cooking inside the pot for a while making all the juices from seafood come out.... portion is HUGEEE and generous amount of seafood items. . . I didn't like the clam steamer flavor,  they had some kind of Italian seasoning on top, like oregano? maybe.... not my thing but still, everything was amazing especially for hang overs
Awesome food, pan roast is the best ever.  Also found the recipe for this online tried it out and it was exactly like the real thing.  Found the recipe at http://www.panroastrecipe.com  Also love that they have guiness and bass ale on tap at the irish pub next door so I can get a black and tan with my pan roast.  Truly these guys have the best pan roast anywhere!  The staff is awesome too!
First of all, I am very impatient when it comes to food and if you tell me I'm going to have to wait an hour for a chair, then *at least*  another 30 minutes for my order then it better be FANTASTIC. . . Chef Ricardo and Sandra were on shift that  Friday night and dude, I seriously felt bad for them. The place was packed and there were at least 20 people in line waiting, but both of them still provided great service. I guess my hour and a half wait was not too bad at all. There was a group of 6 older folks from LA who told us they've been waiting for 2+ hrs but always come here when in LV. They assured me that it's "very well worth the wait". . Hubby got the etouffee spicy level 8 and I had the Pan roast with oysters, shrimp and crab spicy level 7. When we finally got our orders and had my first bite, I TOTALLY GOT IT. It felt like it was a dish customized for my discerning palate, perfect in every way. They were not stringent on the seafood either, as I devoured the chunks of sweet lobster in my soup. Hubby loved his etouffee as well. We knew at that point we are going to be frequent customers (writing this makes me want to go NOW). It will also be a go-to restaurant when family/friends come visit. . . I love spicy foods and seafood, and I can't think of any other place that can rival the Oyster Bar. This place tops my short list of must-try-eats in Las Vegas. . . ***Note: Pleasantly surprised that they also give 25% military discount! So don't forget to show your ID card when you're there to save some serious $$$.
Oh my heavens! This place is such an amazing little gem in Las Vegas! . . A ways off the strip in the Palace Station Casino, you'll find this little seafood joint. I highly recommend that you try everything off their menu. I was a little too tipsy to remember the whole meal but from the start my friends and I ordered:. . -pan roast ( thick & creamy filled with combination of seafood and a scoop of rice). -Jambalaya (nice hint of spice and filled with mussels). - Gumbo (can't go wrong with this dish either). -Oyster shots (2 tequila & 1 vodka shooter). -Dozen raw oysters . . Every dish that we had was delicious! The serving size was enough to feed two people per dish but you'll want to order your own and like most asians, make it family style to share! Prices are not too steep but well worth it for the amount you get. Don't leave vegas til you've tried this joint!
Listen to ur fellow yelpers. Food is amazing!!! I generally hate waiting in line but I don't mind waiting an hour for this place. Even the leftovers taste bomb, esp after a lovely night staying up in vegas =)
You have not eaten in Vegas until you've had the Combo Pan Roast at the Oyster Bar at the Palace Station!  We all know that the Palace Station is not one of the most savory locations in Las Vegas but its definitely worth the trip to this seedier Hotel.  The cooks prepare your food according to your requested spice level between 1 and 10 (1 being the least spicy and 10 being very spicy).  I could eat at this place everyday and never get tired of it!  I highly recommend it!
I come to Vegas about once every 6 weeks.. . A lot for someone who's from Los Angeles, but the first thing I do when I fly or drive in, I go straight to Oyster Bar.. . After my bags are checked into my hotel (sometimes I go straight there), I know I'm prepared to wait 15-90 minutes for a delicious meal.. . +Oysters are fresh and cocktail sauce is money.. +Order the Pan Roast with Lobster + Crab and you'll get a  Creamy Cajunish soup with rice --- absolutely perfect. I usually eat it with a spicy level of 7 or 8 out of 10. Everyone I've ever introduced or taken to this restaurant have absolutely love it. I think I've eaten here 8-10x in the last 6 months. Yeah its that good!
Worth the wait, worth the wait, WORTH THE WAIT!. . Get the oysters on the half shell, get the palace pan roast, get it with rice, get it with noodles, get the new england clam chowder, and get yourself a beer.. . Share it all, be happy, and go on with your day in Las Vegas!
What a hidden gem! Stumbled upon it hungry at late night. Bubbling gas cauldrons of amazing seafood made to order in front of your face. Great prices, good company, and if you have to wait, wait! It's worth it!
Go here. Don't ask questions, just go. If there's a line (and there will be), wait.. Get the Combo Pan Roast. And just in case you were wondering exactly what's in the Combo Pan Roast, I have included a thorough ingredient list below:. . . . -Lobster, Shrimp, Crab, Tomato, Cream, Brandy, Magic, Dreams, Rainbows, Majestic unicorns galloping through enchanted meadows, Really good sex, All sorts of awesome, Singing forest nymphs, Utopia, Fairy dust, Moonbeams, Getting accepted at Hogwarts, Garlic, Salt-
The best pan roast in Vegas. Make sure to go during during the week when Bob is the chef. He does an excellent job preparing your meal!l
Wow wow wow! Combo Pan Roast! Just do it... Seriously just do it! Amazing! Worth the wait!
I have lived in Las Vegas for 23 years and went to the Oyster Bar for the first time yesterday.......amazing! The wait was about 30 minutes but worth it. It won't be 23 years before my next visit.....not even 23 days! GO!!!!
after a long night, we headed over to the oyster bar close to 2am.  it was full, and there was a wait.  an hour + wait.  . . after hearing and reading all the great things, we toughed it out, in club attire, and 5 inch heels.  it was TOTALLY worth it.. . we ordered the pan roast level 5.  i would definitely go a bit higher next time, but at a level 5 it was a comfortable spicy.  man, so GOOD.  lots of seafood and very rich in taste.  mix the rice in, and you've got heaven (:. . the gumbo was also good, but definitely didn't measure up to the roast.  definitely one of the best gumbo's i've had though!. . friend also ordered the bouillabaisse level 7.  definitely spicy, definitely delicious.  it has crab, mussels, clams, among other seafood items, with a more watery base.. . who would think such a gem would exist inside the palace station.. . can not wait to go back!
Someone had a bright idea and it took us completely off the strip. The Oyster Bar was located in Palace station, a hotel casino that pretty much kept it the same since who knows when. This was definitely a place unfamiliar to me and it almost felt did not have your typical Vegas aesthetic.. . We started with oysters and it was oyster heaven. Every slurp was fresh and decadence. We had oyster at Bacchanal buffet and it was no comparison! Follow it with a gulp of Kirin, I'm a happy guy!. . The Palace Pan Roast is exceptionally good. I mean after a weekend of decadence at E, Tableau and Bachannal... This dish still stood out. Absolutely Delicious!. . So... Oyster, Pan Roast, and Beer... That's all you need to know...especially after a night of debauchery.
Beneath the endless clamor of long waits, inconvenience and location is a really delectable and chummy eatery.. . Sure..sometimes the waits are long but what good things are fast and easy to access. . . The lines varies on the time and day of the visit. Weekdays are obviously the best days. But like most people, I'm always visiting Vegas on weekends, so time is obviously the main factor. Try to avoid prime lunch/dinner time because the wait can amount up to 1 hour MINIMUM. . . Our server was Sandra, an outstanding gal, not your same-ol' "straight-to-the-point" server. She made sure we knew what we were ordering and offers samples to ensure our confidence in our dish of interest.  Now, I like to do small-talk and,Sandra completely read my mind. She made our party feel like home and comfortable. . . The chef Richardo, oh man, he made my trip. Funny, generous, lively, friendly are only but a few words to describe him. He is probably the reason why "Oyster Bar "is my favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas. Richardo, if you happen to see this, I really appreciate every second in your company! Thank you!. . Ordered the Palace Pan-Roast, Shucked Oysters, Jambalaya, Manhattan Calm Chowder and Shrimp Cocktail. I'm not exaggerating when I say this but EVERYTHING WAS SO BIG AND GOOD. So big there were leftovers for the day after, so good that we came back again before making the trip home. . . So I encourage you to challenge yourself to step out of the norm of Earls Sandwich, Secret Pizza, Wicked Spoon and so on, to make a visit to Oyster Bar because it might just make your day like it did mine.
Feels like a bar, tastes like a restaurant.  It feels so damn friendly.  I can't believe this place is in the Palace Station of all places. . . I had the combo pan roast, which  had Shrimp, crab and lobster on a.  brandy, cream, and tomato sauce.  Holy Shit, this is so damn GOOD.  Seafood so tender, sauce is so robust and savory.  And the portions set incredibly generous.  . . My server Maritza was incredibly helpful and made me feel at home.  I so love the fact that they have the little pots cooking in front of you.  Chef Warren was the master of his kitchen domain.   Be warned that they are very liberal with the how spicy the dishes are.. . The lines get ridiculously long at dinner time.  They only have 18 seats available.  Make sure you avoid the dinner rush.
I love to try new food when I am at Vegas. I did some research on Yelp and found Oyster Bar. The dinning experience here completed my awesome Vegas vacation.. . The wait was about an hour during lunch time, which is not bad. They only had about 16 bar spaces so I don't recommend coming here with a large party. They only have one chef and one server for the entire bar. So the waiting time for the food might be long. We waited about 15 mins for our food. . . We ordered:. . 1 dozen oysters (not the best that I've had but decent).. . Shrimp & Lobster Fra Diablo (Sauteed shrimp and lobster in a spicy tomato sauce with linguine) = Amazingly good. There are about 8 or 9 jumbo shrimps and two large pieces of lobster. We ordered mild but I think it would be better to go for medium.. . Of course we had to try the famous Pan Roast (fresh seafood sauteed with brandy, cream and tomato served with rice). We had the combo (shrimp, crab and lobster). This is a must try.. it was soooooo good. The portions are pretty big (it could be shared among 2 ppl) but they charge you $5 extra for sharing. Even though there's only 2 of us, we managed to finish all 3 items.... ;). . Can't wait to go back again the next time we visit Vegas.
I love this place.  Actually, i loved it so much that I dined here two nights in a row!  OK so you got to order the Pan ROAST Combo, it comes with shrimps lobsters and crabs.  If you are a seafood lover, you must order this.  I ordered the Pan Roast at level 8, and it has a kick to it, it was not overwhelming at all.  . I also ordered a dozen of Oysters on the half shell.  So yummy!. Yes there is a long wait, but come on good seafood! good beer and friendly service.  I was fortunate enough to dine during the hours that both Sandra and Ricardo work.  Sandra is the waitress/server where she takes order, she's friendly fast, and accurate.  Ricardo is the chef that makes yummy food.  OMG! he was so nice and friendly and even shook my hand to greet me.  He also did some modification to my pan roast where it took the pan roast yumminess to another level:EPIC.  He added more lobsters and clams.  Sea food lover gone to heaven right? OH gosh!   . . Btw-if you want to avoid the long wait, come at 1 or 2 am when you are drunk. :) good food. definitely coming back!
Went to Vegas 9/7-9/10. Didn't go to the buffet ONCE, but I did go to the Palace Stations Oyster Bar TWICE. Best time to go is when they first open because there's no line. The 2nd time we went was around  1pm on a Sunday and we waited approximately 1 hour & 47 minutes! HOWEVER, well worth the wait! Dolores was taking orders and Bob was cooking. What a great duo these 2 are! So funny and engaging! I had the palace pan roast (spicy level 8) on my 1st visit and that was really good, but tried the boullabaise on my 2nd visit and i have to say that was my favorite. So flavorful! I know the pan roast is a fan favorite, but if u get to go to the oyster bar a 2nd time, i highly recommend the boullabaise. Forget the buffets and just hit the oyster bar! Next time i visit i am going to try the oyster rockefeller. Now that looks deelish!
*warning, bring non-gambling friends here so they can wait in line for you while you gamble*. CHUNKS and chunks of crab meat.  The crab pan roast is less "briney" and seafoody than the combos.  The only downside to this place is the constant wait.  Came here at 330am and there was a line of 12 in front of us.  . The oysters are good too, sat next to one of the chefs and mid-shuck he threw out over half of them because they didn't meet his standards.  . I go here every time I visit Vegas.  There's one that opened in Chino that is nowhere near as good.  . BONUS-afterwards you can join the old ladies at bingo!
I've had seafood from around the world and this spot ranks right up there!  . . Only around 20 seats and the line can be really long but it is totally worth it.. . The only negative thing I could say about this place is that it's right smack in the middle of the casino where there's a lot of second-hand smoke.  Otherwise, this place is awesome.
I love love love this place. It's a must everything I'm in vegas. The cooks and the service is really great! They're so friendly and funny. I always get the pan roast sometimes combo or sometimes palace. You get to rate your spiciness from 1 to 10. I used to share with my gf and we would get level 6 and pay the 5$ splitting fee. Then we started getting our own bowl (I swear it tastes even better the next day, like how pizza or chipotle does). I started getting a level 10 and it still wasn't spicy to me. The last time I went I asked for a number 15! Haha she said that's called habanero level anything greater than 10. It was more spicy and tastes even better. If you love spicy get habanero level! Mmmm. Craving now. . . I ate the oyster here everytime. My gf loves it and says its her favorite place for oysters. I can't really tell the difference between oysters but she recommends it!
Wow this is the best thing I have ever eaten in a loooong time!. . My 2 girlfriends and I waited about an hour dying of starvation to eat here  as our first meal of the day at 3pm LOL but like everyone else has said, it was definitely WORTH THE WAIT. Here are the items we ordered and enjoyed:. . Half shell oysters were really good and tasted even better with Tobasco, horseradish and pepper. Anything tasted really good at that point in our stomachs lol. . The combination pan roast was thick and tasty with enough spiciness to carry out really good flavor over rice. The portions are huge here so I recommend sharing it among 2-3 hungry people.. . The clam linguine in red sauce was also impressive too, which had a variety of spices to it. My friends and I also split this too.. . The place is really small because they can only seat about 16 customers but goddamn, it is worth the wait and it's actually pretty cool to see how the chefs cook in front of you at the oyster bar with their turning and rotating kitchenware. The service was OK but regardless, I would wait an hour again :)
Pan Roast Combo, that's all you need to know.. . You wait about 35 mins watching the cook make 6 gumbos, pan roast, etc.. . Once you get the Pan Roast (crab, lobster, and shrimp) you literally taste the harmony of fresh ingredients and layers of delicious flavors.. . Be warned that the portion is huge. I would get one to share.. . Incredible bargain @ 20.99
My group decided to go to Vegas a day early so we chose to stay at Palace Station because my sister wanted to introduce us to the Oyster Bar.  We arrived in Vegas around 3am and were starving by then because we skipped dinner so we would be able to eat.. . We were able to snag up 4 seats right away.  At 3am, there were still people eating!  Because of the limited seating (about 15 seats) I hear the wait can be 30 min to an hour long during lunch time and peak hours.  I'm glad they are open 24 hours and we were able to avoid the crowd.. . Food:. Clam Chowder - Full of fresh seafood, great comfort food. House Pan Roast - Amazing flavors I have never tried before.  Must have. . Tip:  Portions are huge.  Share the meal but don't ask them to split it for you (there's an extra charge for splitting fee)
WOW, my boss took me here for dinner one night. I'm not sure if the food was just good because it was FREE or because the food the chef made for us was GREAT! . . I didnt have to wait in a long line, but when we sat down, a line started to file and before you knew it all the seats were full and more than 5 people were waiting. The pricing is decent, i had the pan roast spicy #7. I didnt come hungry, but i ate ALL the food in the bowl. All fresh ingredients(you can see everything they put in it since they cook it in front of you) and they steam cook it(also, illegal in CA) so its that much better to eat here!! trust me
My friends and I went to town at this place.  We had to wait approximately 45 minutes due to the limited seating here (14 seats?) and due to arriving at a busy time.  There's only 1 chef and 1 helper at this place so don't expect your food to arrive like a fast food joint.  What's cool about the Oyster bar is that you can watch the chef add all the ingredients to the 6 cauldrons and 2 gigantic pots.  The 6 cauldrons are used to make the soup while 1 of the big pots is filled with fish stock and the other is for boiling the shellfish.  Here's what I ordered (all were excellent by the way):. . * 1 dozen raw half-shell oysters: The chef schucked the oysters in front of us.  Looks easy when he does it.  I prefer squeezing the lemon and drizzle some cocktail sauce over them.  Taste great.. * 1/2 dozen raw half-shell clams: Similar to the oysters but with a different texture.  I prefer the oysters though.. * Palace Pan Roast: Combination of shrimp, lobster, crab, clams.  Tomato paste base with white rice.  Can feed 1 or 2 hungry souls.  Did I mention it's loaded with flavor.. * Oyster Shooters with Vodka: With the cocktail sauce, you won't taste the alcohol or the sea-taste from the oyster.  Order 3 for a better deal.
This place is heaven in Sin City.. . CON. -long lines, though I didn't experience this. -limited seating. -smokey because it's in a casino. . PRO. -the Pan Roast is out of this world good, I crave it all the time. -love watching them make it in an individual pot that swivels up and down (don't know what that's called, but it's awesome). -awesome oysters on a half shell with good prices, especially during happy hour. -big portions. . I wish I visit Vegas every weekend just to eat here.
Simply the best.  Read the reviews no need to be redundant.  Stick to the oysters and the Pan Roasts.  Would happily pay 5 times what they charge for each, would still be the best meal in Vegas.  Why this isnt duplicated in every major city is beyond me......, maybe I'll do just that.  Happy roasting my friends, violent cravings writing this
Wow. An amazing place. One of the best places if you want some serious grub! This oyster bar is right in the middle of the Palace Station casino. The whole place is just a bar where you sit. There are no tables, just stools.. . I had the Linguine and Clams White Sauce. Talk about over load on the clams. They are not skimpy on this. The taste was delicious. I even tried the Bloody Mary Oyster shooters - these do have alcohol so watch out!. . The one thing is that you will most likely wait in a line. But you can go over the menu and play some slots while you're waiting. But trust me it is worth the wait.. . Not super cheap but it's priced right for what you get. I would come back here for sure! . . This is my first time here but I was talking to a guy that goes there often and he was saying that you can't go wrong with pretty much anything that you order. I believe him.. . Bring your appetite and prepared to be impressed.
THIS PLACE IS A MUST TRY.. . I went for the first time last time I went to Vegas. We went at around midnight, when we arrived in Sin City. We got lucky though, because it was crowded! It's probably because it was a Thursday night.. . My boyfriend and I split the combo pan roast. They have a $5 split charge, but it comes with 2 bowls of rice instead of one. It's a LOT of food. We got a level 5 spiciness. It was amazing. SO GOOD. The only downside was that the combo, which is supposed to have lobster, crab, and shrimp, only came with like one big piece of lobster. It was also a bit salty, so you pretty much NEED the rice. My boyfriend ordered an extra bowl of rice, too, because we had a bunch of saucy pan roast left over, but no rice with which to eat it. I also ate the sourdough bread they give you with the pan roast too, dipped it in there. Delicious.. . We came back on Sunday to fill up on the deliciousness once more before heading back to LA. We got the Palace pan roast this time. It came with chicken, andouille sausage, crab, and shrimp. I also got a cup of New England clam chowder and it was yummy. Probably one of the best clam chowders I've had. Honestly though, I didn't need it. That pan roast was so big, and the clam chowder filled me up. Because everyone's hungover and sleeping in on Sundays, I think it was a good time to go... no line again!. . The workers are pretty friendly too. They chat with you while they cook the food right in front of your eyes. The contraptions are pretty cool too!. . This place has found its place on my MUST-EAT WHILE IN VEGAS LIST. Hmm, now that I think about it, that's a good Yelp list idea :)
How can anyone give this place anything but a 5 Star.  Everytime I go to vegas, cannot leave without having this.  Combo Roast all the time, Im pretty sure the other things on the menu are awesome as well but got to stick to my roast.  Love this place!!!!
Extremely short short review, but probably the best review from me.... . Oyster Bar...  Here is what you MUST ORDER!. . --Combo Pan Roast!. --Alaskan Chowder!. . That's it!!!  I need to say no more........ . Small eatery with only about 18 seats... all things are cook to order in front of you... so expect a wait!  However, THE WAIT WILL BE WORTH IT!!!. . Expensive?  Slightly... was it delicious?  You beyond betcha!. . Would I come back?  I'm planning my next trip around Oyster Bar!~~~
Shrimp pan roast, oysters, their Michelada (house special), & their Clam Chowder..... WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!!! Just freaking go and order these food.
This is one of my FAVORITE favorite places in Vegas. FAVORITE. You won't be sorry for coming here. It's worth the cab ride from the Strip and the long line 24/7 should tell you something. . . The line can be at least an hour, so make sure you account for that. It's best to come here with a group. Some group members can gamble or go to the casino bar for rounds of drinks while the others hold down your spot, then switch. That's kind of lonely to do with just a couple. What's cool about this place is that when you're next in line, they'll keep the order of the line and not pull smaller parties from behind you because there are less seats available. They'll ask people to move down the bar so that your party can fit. . . Good beer selection (Shock Top and Widmer included) and also a full bar offered. . . Service is phenomenal.. . What to order here are the pan roasts. The Palace Pan Roast has crab, shrimp and sausage, and the Combo Pan Roast has crab, shrimp, and lobster. It's a delicious, creamy, tomato-y, spicy, rich stew with VERY generous seafood and rice on the side. Choose your own level of spice from 1-10. When my leftovers came out of the microwave today, I almost had to change my pants. A friend ordered the Alaskan Chowder, which had fresh clams in the shell on top and generous seafood. One of the best clam chowders I've ever had. . . Oyster shooters (tequila or vodka) are 3 for $10, and between 4 and 10 is happy hour, with discounted bacon-wrapped shrimp in an incredible sauce (and the shrimp are HUGE), crab cakes, fried calamari, oysters rockefeller, and a few more items. We ordered most of the menu since.... why not? . . I can't wait to come here any try other items... if I can bring myself to stray from the pan roast. I love this place so much.
A hidden gem. I'm not the type to limit myself to options, but if I had to pick just a few restaurants to eat at for the rest of my life, this place would easily make top 5. I freaking LOVE this place! The portions are large and very shareable, and the food is consistently flavorful and fresh. The staff is super attentive and friendly too--mind you this is just a 24 hour booth thing in a randomish casino off The Strip!. . Everything is good, but my routine usually includes a bowl of New England clam chowder, an order of (any) pan roast and a dozen oysters.  I always get an order of each of these dishes and split it with a friend.  This is usually plenty of food, and our meals for 2 are about $50 total. . . The wait time varies, depending on when you come. I always come between 9pm-1am, and the wait is usually about an hour.. . I once stayed in Vegas for 2 weeks, and after the 5th day, The Strip began to slowly lose its luster.  However, unless the quality of food changes, my love for this place will never dwindle away.. . P.S. This is my first 5 star review ever. ;)
The pan roast is ridiculously fill with rich flavors! The only problem would be deciding if you want it with rice or noodle...I say get both! The ousters are delish too but I always get the pan roast. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I always stop by the Oyster Bar!
I was referred to this place by a friend who lives in Vegas. I will say after you are in the glitz and glamour of the strip the outside of the Palace Station will have you second guessing your decision to come there. I actually decided to go during a dog show which made it even more interesting. I was told that there would be a wait but it was worth it. After standing in line for almost an hour and a half I will say that the gumbo i had was one of the best gumbos i have ever tasted. I have friends from New Orleans and this topped theirs. The oysters i had were steamed just right. Horseradish sauce had just the right twang to it. If you have a car in Vegas definately go here. It is even worht the bus and cab ride from the strip.
Very small place. Came here for midnight snack, so we fit our party of 9 with no wait. This place is opened 24 hours and is so freaking good.. . Can't eat seafood? It's ok. They wiill cater the gumbo to meat only.. . Sad that they ran out of oysters though.. . Clam Chowder was the best I had, but wish it wasn't so thick.. . Seafood Gumbo was amazing. Spicyness level 1 to 10. We got 8 and it was a very good amount of heat, but I can taste the seafood.. . The seafood pasta was so delish too. . . It's in a hotel off the strip that no one goes too and looks so old, but everyone comes here for Oyster Bar. AMAZING!!!
Hotel is old, smelly & ghetto. . . Restaurant was in an open area; it was weird I was expecting it to be in a normal restaurant setting, but I guess not. . . Clam chowder was so yummy 10 pts. . Combo pan roast is to die for!! 11pts. . FYI, if you split the dishes, they charge you an extra $5.
Alright everyone let me tell you about this hidden gem located inside the palace station.. Service is fair but only cause there is one cook & one waitress. The average wait time is anywhere from 25-40 mins to be seated. Fyi the bar only sits 20 people at a time. . Food rating is gosh damn amazing!! The oysters are fresh and cracked open in front of you. The menu is simple from chicken crab shrimp lobster choice gumbo/pasta. Beware of the hotness scale 1-10 10 being hot ass shit! So go with a 4-6 for starters. . Price is fair $13.99-26.00 but you get a well worth paid meal but expect to wait for 20 mins to get served. . Best part open 24-7 but always busy, so come early evening into early morning.
The wife mentioned that she wanted to have some gumbo, so I googled, "best gumbo in las vegas". Oyster Bar at Palace Station came up as the top result. Got there about 9:30pm, but didn't get seated until after 10:30pm. This place is small, (I think it only seats about 15 or so people). Long wait, old smokey casino - what better way to spend your time after a long day at work ;) After finally getting seated, I ordered the Etouffee with a spicy level of 8. Wife got the gumbo. They cook everything in front of you, (by the way, the Filipino cook kinda resembled Deuce Bigalow).  I'm glad I waited because that stuff was off the hook! It was a huge bowl, with a scoop of rice. I managed to inhale the whole thing in about 15 minutes. It was at that time that my wife noticed me eying her gumbo and immediately pulled her bowl away from me - i wanted to finish that one off too! The servers are nice and friendly. The only thing I regret not doing is getting another order to go. My wife couldn't finish hers and took it to go. Unfortunately for her, she woke up late the next morning, and the gumbo was calling my name! I think I'll be going here at least once a month. For those of you who want your kids to experience the food here - too bad, gotta be at least 21 to sit at the bar. Get 'em an order to go.
Oyster Bar has always been on the top of my list of places to try in Vegas. I use to come to Vegas two, three, four times a year growing up and never had gotten the chance to try it up until recently. Reason for that, we NEVER wanted to wait in line. Until I finally came up with an idea; which was recent when I came with a group of friends. We decided that the guys could go wander off in the casino and gamble while the girls waited in line to get seated. We came as soon as they opened so the line wasn't too bad, it took about 30 minutes to get seated and since we had a group of six we had to split up and couldn't sit near each other, it was fine though because everyone was coupled up. . . Husband and I shared:. . - Palace Pan Roast. This was amazing! If only I knew the ingredients that went into this. The flavor was spot on, the texture was creamy, the rice that was topped over gave it extra texture, loved it.. . - Dozen Oysters. It was fresh, can't go wrong with a dozen. . - Shrimp Cocktail. Even though they were jumbo sized shrimp, this entree only came with FOUR pieces of shrimp, was kind of sad about it.. . I would love to come here again just for their Pan Roast! Totally worth the wait, just depends on how patient one is to wait in line.
The pan roast here is one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life!! I don't know anywhere else that makes anything like it. If you know anywhere in the SF Bay Area that comes close to this, please let me know!
First thing, it's worth the wait to get excellent fresh seafood at about 1/2 the price of most places.  I went with a colleague fromEngland and although we waited at least 45 min. to get seated at the bar, which seats maybe 16-18, when we got our beers and were anticipating the meal, we were like "that wait was nothing, man!".  Started with a dozen huge gulf oysters on the half shell and they were great!  I had the Bouillabaisse which was a little different to what I'm used to (the broth was a little thicker with more tomato base, and served with rice rather than crusty bread); however it was fabulous indeed, loaded with clams, mussels, big shrimp, pieces of king crab leg, and sea scallops.  Yeah it was good!  . . My associate had a lobster pan roast, and though I'm not familiar with that, he said it was great as well.  He's not your usual Brit because he grew up in France and loves his seafood too.  It's a good show as well because the chef prepares everything in front of you in these contraptions that are hooked up to some kind of steam system.  Very clever and it works, the chef keeping up a rapid-fire commentary the whole time.  A good show with great seafood at good price, what could be better.  I probably won't be back in LV anytime soon, which is too bad because I'd like to try the gumbo, chowder, and many of the other items on the menu.  Free parking in the casino garage as well.  It's a little off the strip but worth a try for sure.  One more thing, it's right on the casino floor and open 24 hrs so if/when I go back to LV, I'm staying there!
What it is, is awesome food without the hefty price tag.   As everybody has said, the food is worth the wait.  Tried the new england clam chowder, raw oysters and combo pan roast.  Mmmmmmm.  Best clam chowder I've tried, beats even those from the Bay area.  They don't skimp on the seafood and the base for the stew is very tasty.. . I am surprised that people give bad reviews of this place just because of the service, There's about a million reviews here that say there's a lot of wait time so why are people surprised?  It's a bar, not a michelin-rated restaurant.   The service can be improved, but what can you do?  It's not like any of the staff is slacking.  They definitely work hard and they try to be fast and friendly.. . Come out mid week around 2 am and you won't wait long.
The pan roast had me dreaming about it all night and day so I decided to reverse engineer it and I've gone it!! You don't get the experience of sitting at the Oyster Bar but will definitely get you through until your next visit. Or if you're just tired of that line (2 1/2 hours last time but still totally worth it in the end). This recipe is for cooks who know how to follow my not perfectly exact recipe (sorry!). . . Pan roast recipe. . 2 table shallots. 2 table green onions. 4 garlic cloves. 1 tomato. Brandy to deglaze. 1 tea thyme. 1 tea paprika. 1/2 tea old bay. 1/2 tea butter. 1/4 tea salt. Pepper and white. 2 tea Worcestershire. 2 tea Tabasco. 2 tea cocktail sauce. 1/2 cup heavy cream. 1 bottle clam juice. 1/2 Onion. 1 celery stalk. . Sauteed garlic, onions and shallots w olive oil, deglaze with butter. . . Add dry seasonings and tomato w Worcestershire, Tabasco, salt, pepper. Deglazing w clam juice (reserve some for later). . . Simmer, add brandy and blend until smooth. . . Stir in heavy cream. Set aside. . Sauteed celery and onions w olive oil. Add in shrimp and whatever seafood you want, deglaze w clam juice until cooked. Top off the brandy (2 teas per serving). Stir in bisque mixture, Serrano chili and chili flakes, tiny sprinkle of lemon juice. Bring To boil. Serve with parsley sprinkled on top like they do at the real deal. . . Makes 2 servings. Serve with jasmine rice
Who wouda thunk?!!!  LOL!  This lil gem is located in the Palace Station Hotel in Vegas...the Palace where in Vegas.  Right?!!!!!!  No one really knows about this divey hotel and casino because it's off the strip...and quite honestly it was very unmemorable to me until now.  I apologize for not taking notice to you Palace Station but you should thank your lucky stars that you are the home of the Oyster Bar.. . In one of our many girls weekend getaways to Vegas, a friend introduced us to the Combo Pan Roast...what is a Combo Pan Roast you ask?  Well...you can compare it to a seafood stew filled with lobster, shrimp, and crab in beautiful sauce that you can determine how spicy you want it 1-10, of course 10 being the hottest!  My first visit I did a 6 and that was not spicy enough for me, so the second time I did an 8 and it kicked my arse...but it was still delicious!!!  Other must try dishes are the Seafood Jambalaya, House Gumbo and their Alaskan Clam Chowder (not your typical clam chowder because they add lobster to it also...AMAZINGLY GOOD!)  Most dishes are served with the choice of either white rice or pasta.. . It's in the center of the casino and considered a bar, so no one under 21 is allowed to even eat there.  There is no formal dining area...there's about 12 bar stools that overlook their little kitchen area.  They make their dishes right in front of you too and everything is from scratch.  There's no stove, but a really cool cooking apparatus the allows the chef to make up to 6 dishes at a time if I recall, that is why it may take up to 30 to 45 minutes just to get your food.  They do give you warm sourdough rolls to start that are to die for also, but make sure you make room for all the deliciousness they serve up.  Prices are standard for seafood dishes between $18 - $25.  Beer and wine only I believe, but beer is available on tap.. . The best time to come if you dare to eat this late or early, depending on how you look at it is around 1:30 in the morning.  Yes, they are open 24 hours!!!  No wait and stools are readily available for you.  The worst time to come is lunch time, dinner time and every hour in between.  You literally have to stand in line and trust me, your wait time can be as long as an hour to an hour and a half depending on the size of your party.  But don't worry, it's definitely all worth it!!!!!!!!!  Make it a priority to try this place on your next visit to Sin City.
Combo Pan Roast is seriously one of the best things I've ever tasted. I get it with Level 7 spiciness. Just get it. Don't question it. Just do it! No no, don't get 1 to share with ur BFF, or BF, or Boothang, or Baby, or whatever. Get your own, because trust me you're gonna regret sharing it! . . Oh and yes, please take advice from your fellow yelpers. Come during weird hours, or else be prepared to wait!!!. . I would love to move to Vegas just so I can eat there everyday for the rest of my life!! . . I need to go back! Now!!
This place is the Shiznits! It's by far one of THE BEST places I've eaten in Vegas. It used to close at 10 pm but now it's OPEN 24 Frickin hours! . . If you have been to Vegas and you weren't fortunate enough to find this place or eat here, then you've missed out on something great at Las Vegas. This place is HANDS DOWN Best restaurant that exists in this town. Every single time I go to Vegas, I always get my fix at the Oyster Bar. . . I'm a Gumbo and Jambalaya person. Nope, not when it comes to OYSTER BAR. I get some Fresh Oysters, then some Clams, and then finish it off with the Best Entree : Ciopinno! It comes with Shrimp, Crabs, Lobster, Cod, Mussels, Clams, etc in a Tomato soup with Rice in it. . . Crap, I'm drooling just looking at the photos and thinking about it. Yea, it's somewhat pricey, but when it's less than ONE SINGLE BET at a Blackjack table, hell yea it's worth it. Either you can lose $25 bucks at a blackjack table with 1 bet or you can use that money towards a memory you will have for the rest of your life. . . You can always get Gumbo and Jambalaya elsewhere, but you won't have Cioppino like the Oyster Bar anywhere else. . . Yes, the WAIT is pretty long. One time we had to wait an Hour for it. But you know that anything worth waiting this long that there's a reason for it. Because it's FRICKIN GOOD! . . I'm going to Vegas next Monday but I will Definitely be stopping by here yet AGAIN. If you don't try the Cioppino, you're missing out. You can have other dishes, but are you really going to save couple of bucks and get cheaper dishes? This is Vegas. You're blowing hundreds of dollars everywhere else, but this isn't blowing your money. This place is more like investing for some damn good food that you will not regret and forget
I've died and gone to shellfish heaven.. . If you love shellfish and are in Vegas, you MUST come here. The seafood is fresh, it's all made in front of you, and their dishes are nice sized portions chock-full of seafood.. . The pan roast, the gumbo, and the bouillabaisse were all amazing. AMAZING. This was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had in my life, no lie. And I'm usually a harsh critic.. . Unless you come late at night, prepare to wait, there is minimal seating and only one cook. I came at midnight and still had to wait 20-30 minutes.
So freaking good! Pan roast, clam chowder, oysters, gumbo. Yum Yum!! Very flavorfull, and they are definitely not stingy with their seafood! I always come after hours and I never have to wait!
Not much to say about a place with over 500 4.5+ reviews except WOW !  Here is something I cringe to say and really isn't in my vocabulary; "It's worth the wait".. . We started with Oyster shooters.  They went down quickly while we watched the chef prepare our chowder and gumbo.  My Alaskan New England seafood chowder ($17.99) was full of large shrimp, lobster, and plentiful flaked snow crab along with heavy cream as a thickener rather than potatoes.  This simply could not have been better.. . My wife had the Combo Pan Roast ($21.99) chocked full of shrimp, crab, and lobster in a creamed tomato base with brandy and a portion of rice.  Hard to believe but it had more seafood than she could eat!  Both items we had are meal sized.. . Food is cooked right at the counter using small portion sized steam jacketed kettles.  It's a gentle way to cook and very appropriate for the best quality seafood.  The cooking method makes for slow deliberate service but the time spent zooms by watching the cooking and with banter from the chef , server and customers.. . This was one of the best meals we've ever eaten.  They have 15 to 20 counter seats only (this is not fine dining, just fine eating) and are open 24 hours a day.  Just another reason you gotta love Vegas.
Uhh only the best place to eat in Vegas. I'm hesitant to spread the word bc I don't want it to get busy...but oh well. . . Small bar. Literally a bar in the middle of the casino. There are only about 18 chairs so if you come anytime after 12:30 pm until like 1 am you'll probably wait awhile. There is only one chef and each dish takes awhile to get it ready. . . If you're into spicy, get a 6 or 7. If you are sensitive, definitely get like a 1 or a 2.. . Must get a pan roast. If you're not in the mood for that get the boulliabase. . . S*** is like CRACK YO!
And I'm back!. . The food is still great!. But the wait is still long. But i guess that is how you know it is still good. :). . I had two dozen of oysters!. Boy, it was delicious! So fresh!. . The gumbo is a bit salty, but I think that's why you eat it with rice. . . I cannot wait to be back again.. --------------------------------------------------------. yes, i will def go back!. . great oysters. great service. great alaskan chowder. . need to pick a good time to go, because the wait is pretty long. . . the food makes it worth it tho.
A tiny oyster bar located inside The Palace Station hotel off the strip. There are only 18 seats available so be prepared for a long wait. I've heard great things about this place so it was a must try when in Vegas. I arrived around 10:00 on a Saturday night and wasn't seated till midnight. The 2 hour wait wasn't that bad since I was running back and forth to the Irish pub across the way for drinks. . . I opted for the Palace Pan Roast with shrimp, crab, chicken and andouille sausage level 8 spicy. HOLY MOLY, this dish was super delicious!! Every bite was pure creamy heaven with succulent shrimps and the flavorful andouille sausage just made it that much better. I licked my bowl clean. It was that good and totally worth the 2 hour wait.
Honestly folks this place is where it's at. Shellfish heaven is right. Watching them make it in front of you is definitely the way to go (get used to it if you eat nothing but sushi). The food is all fresh and nothing but deliciousness. Plenty of sauces to choose from as well so don't short yourself by being "normal", give everything a try you'll be surprised.
oysters on the shell = fresh! yummy!. . combination pan roast = DELICIOUS!. . 11pm, friday night, 30 mins wait = Wished  the wait time was shorter. But then again I don't live in a perfect world :). . overall = YUMMY!
We were here for our annual golf week with theguys and we went here right after golf the first and second day.  For some of us, this is a new experience, others we know Bob and Maggie pretty well.  We are there Wed/Thurs/Fri at around 3 pm. . . Usually, there is a wait to get one of the twenty seats on this Oyster bar.  The wait can get up to an hour or more.  Most of the time we get seats next to each other.  Sometimes not.   But it doesn't matter since it is a small bar where you can hear everyone's conversation.  And that's the fun of this place.  Everyone gets to talk to each other on where you are from to our poor golf game.  . . Maggie will take your order and Bob will cook it.  Be nice or they will ignore you, or give you crap.  Either way be nice.  The cooking station is right in front of you.  The gumbo and pan roast are the staples of this bar.  First timers should go for the pan roast with a high of 5 on the heat scale.  They will ask what heat you want mild ( 1 ) to hot ( 10 ).  Don't be a fool and go for 10.  It will be more than you want.  8 is as high as real people go.  Lower than 5, Bob will give you the "wimp" look.  The station can cook up to six at a time, so do the math.  Twenty seats, six at a time.  This is why you order oysters on the half or other fillers.. . Oysters on the half are shucked right there.  Be nice again.  Bob does the shucking.  They also have clam steamers, mussels, and shrimp.  There' s wine and beer on tap. . . The grand total will be less than you think.  A dozen oysters at $19, Pan roast at $20, drinks at $3.50.  It will be one of the best and one of the cheapest meal you had in Vegas.  Specials from 1am to 9am, oysters are $8.99 a dozen and 16oz Buds are $2. . They are open 24 hours.  So get there
This place is a must stop.  Every time I go to Vegas I come here.  Great oysters, cold beer, and great pan roast.  Long wait but you can make your friend stand in line while you gamble.  The casino minimums are lower here. =)
The best pan roast I have ever had.
Best place in town for oysters. Always big, fresh and cold. The pan roast is amazing. As long as Ricardo is the chef making it.  I've been there other times when he wasn't there and the food wasn't as good and the atmosphere not as fun. He definitely makes the place.  . The wait in line is the only downside.  Sometimes an hour wait on weekend nights.  But with good friends around time goes by fast.
The oysters were great, the presentation was nice. I like being in the mix so the location was great for people watching without being totally overwhelmed. We has great calamari, fried oysters, lobster, and a couple of mixed drinks and beer for $95 bucks. It was all tasty, fresh and you got lots for your money.
Fresh Oysters from 1AM to - 9AM.  Comes with a spicy cocktail sauce which was amazing. . . Palace Pan Roast - first time trying it and loved it! went back for more the next day! . . YUMM!!!
This place is delicious! I love the pan roast! I always crave this stuff  but unfortunately they don't have one when I live in San Diego. Hopefully they will open one there one day! Yes, there's usually a wait but it's definitely worth it. Due to the limited seating, Its best to go in groups of 2 or 3. Enjoy!
I looove this place! Thankfully, I have never had to wait for more than 20 minutes, although the wait is so worth it.. . I have tried pretty much everything except their pastas. The oysters, clam chowder, pan roast, jambalaya, cioppino, gumbo, everything is really good. Each time we come here we end up ordering too much food, really one pan roast is enough for two people. But no, we like to polish off a dozen oysters on the half shell, share a bowl of chowder and then each order an entree. Egad. . . I will say this, it is kind of expensive. The portions are huge but as I said before, we cannot control ourselves and end up ordering too much food and the bill turns out to be bloody expensive. But it's so good!
Holy cow! I think I had the best oysters I have had in my life here. THEY ARE HUGE juicy, plump, and tasty in all the right ways! . . There is usually only one chef per shift so be ready to be patient as it is usually packed. Regardless it is worth waiting for but bring your appetite! I had the house combo gumbo and maybe finished 1/4 of it because the portions are huge. I have also tried their combo jumbalaya which also deserves two thumbs up!
Pan Roast! Oh Wow! I had never heard of a pan roast until I had it here and it was delicious. .  I came to eat here at around 3 am on a saturday night and the line was so long. We waited about an hour but that is pretty much standard for this place, sometimes even longer. There aren't that many seats but the wait is totally worth it. . . I ordered a spicy shrimp pasta and my friend got the Pan Roast and a bloody mary. The pasta was pretty yummy but that pan roast just outshines everything on the menu. This has since become a favorite place of mine.
This is one of Vegas' hidden gems! I totally love this place!! . . Open 24 hours, we came here at 2am and waited in line for about 40mins to get seated. This is a bar inside the casino which could accomodate about 20 people max at a time. There's only two people working here, Chef EZ cooking and Steve serving, so expect to wait for your food to be ready. They have the steam kettles in front of you on the bar so you can watch how your food is prepared. Both these guys are so cool! They engage in conversation with you no matter how busy they are and it really makes for a more personal experience. . . Food here is AMAZING!! Probably the best oysters I've had, EVER! It's sooooo fresh, chunky, and succulent. I can still taste it in my mouth. Hmmmmmm... For half a dozen, it's normally $11.99 but from 1am-9am, you can get it for $8.99. Score!! . PAN ROAST..what can I say? I'm still dreaming about this dish. I'm already planning my next trip to Vegas for more! Got the Combo Pan Roast which comes with lobster, shrimp, and crab. They're all sauteed with brandy, cream, and tomato then served with rice. You can opt to get the noodles for $1.99 extra which I did. I personally think it's a better match but you can taste and decide for yourself because they serve the rice with it on the side no matter what. It's a bit on the pricey side but you get what you pay for. Serving is big and you'll really see the actual seafood mixed in there. There were about 3 whole lobsters, 7 whole shrimps, and crab meat everywhere on my bowl! I shared this dish and we still had some leftovers. . . The Alaskan chowder smelled and looked so delicious!! I"ll have to try that on my next visit. Can't wait!!!
I read the review and came here a few years back when we had an all girls vegas trip. It was supser gooooood. I came here again with my bf last year and it was still super delish! I usually come around 1030 in the morning or 3pm to avoid the crazy long line. The chef is pretty funny and have to try the linguini :D
Freshest Oyster's I have ever had, a bit pricey at 20$ for a dozen but well worth it. Open 24 hours but on Friday and Saturday it is packed as there are only 16 seats, so be prepared to wait, a little awkward because you watch the people at the bar eat and getting hunger by the minute.I ordered the Combo Pan Roast it was great! We did get caught at change of shift and I would suggest you get there around 6pmn (Chef EZ), the chef is better and it isn't as busy! Plan on bringing my wife back for the Shrimp Scampi and have some fresh yummy oyster's!!
Palace pan roast + Half a dozen oysters after 1am. . . So worth the wait !
Food takes a while to cook, there's only 18 seats at the bar. Even though you could be the first person in line, if your timing's off and they just seated a round of people, you could easily wait 45 mins being the first person in line. . . Now onto the food. DELICIOUS!!! I ordered the Combo Pan Roast at a level 6. It's got just a lil bit of a kick that tickled. Crab crab crab everywhere in the dish! If anything, I needed more rice to match the sauce. I didn't really know what kinda seafood Oyster Bar was going to be since my friend just suggested it without knowing himself. Now that we've eaten there, I would say this is a Cajun joint.
Amazing food!! Friendly service but have to go for meals between off hours. Anticipate to wait an hour + if come during meal times.. . Palace pan roast - A++. Etouffee - A. Shrimp & Lobster la diabla - B+ . Bloody Mary Shooters - A. . Also walk to the bar next door to pick up drinks. More variety and cheaper too.
4am...drunk..hungry...waiting in a line with only a few people ahead of you yet you still have to wait over an hour to get a seat while watching other drunk people eat slowly is such torture... but the gumbo is SO WORTH IT. so full of amazing flavor and fresh seafood and you get to pick your own spiciness level from 1-10. the servers/oyster shuckers are also super nice
This place is where we go for dinner more than anywhere else in town. Fantastic food and a quirky staff make this an enjoyable evening-plus, the leftovers taste even better the next day!. . First of all a few notes:. . 1. It's in the Palace Station. Yes, it's an old casino. Yes, it's not in the best part of town. Yes, housekeeping could probably use some work. It's not as bright and clean as the picture on their web site. Get over it!. . 2. It's not a restaurant, it's a bar. It only seats 18 people and there's only 1 chef. You're going to wait in line--maybe up to 2 hours if you're there during rush hour. If you don't want to wait that long, go somewhere else. Don't stand in line and complain about how long you've been waiting!. . 3. Don't come with a large party and expect to sit together unless other patrons are willing to play musical chairs to help you out.. . 4. All the roasts and gumbos are cooked to order, take about 10 to 15 minutes, and each party's order is cooked together. There are only 6 roasters. If your party has 3 people and a party that sat down just ahead of you has 4, you do the math. You're going to be waiting.. . 5. The staff may seem aloof/cocky/arrogant/surly or whatever to you, but they're not. They know their regulars and have most of our orders memorized. They're quite willing to strike up a conversation.. . We probably eat here at least once a month. We just love the combo pan roasts. As noted, there's probably going to be a wait in line, so we'll stop here on the way home from work. That way we're getting there about 4 in the afternoon before most folks are ready to go out. It's a bit early for dinner, but we seldom have to wait in line. We also look to see who's cooking. We prefer JJ as our chef because he's always fun to talk to. Bob is another good chef, but we've learned to tone our heat rating down a notch or two when he's on the line.. . We'll occasionally start with a dozen oysters that are shucked right at the bar. They're always fresh and with a squeeze of lemon and a bit of cocktail sauce they slide right down. I'll usually have a bowl of New England clam chowder or an order of littleneck clam steamers. Both are very tasty and lead right into the pan roasts. If you've never had a pan roast, it's seafood sauteed in a steam roaster with a brandy, cream and tomato base served with a scoop of rice. It's closer to a thick soup than anything else. We get the combo roast which has shrimp, crab, and lobster. When you order, you tell them how hot you want it on a scale from 1 to 10. Brenda always gets a 5 and I'm usually a 7 or 8. With a 10 you get fresh chopped habaneros on top. You get to watch the food prepared right in front of you and the smell of the seafood and garlic permeates the area. One thing we've learned is that once you get your pan roast, ask for a bowl of horseradish and add a spoonful into the bowl. It doesn't add much more heat to the mix, but it does enhance the flavor.. . Station Casinos has tried to duplicate this Oyster Bar in some of their other properties. Sunset Station and Texas Station both have what they call Oyster Bars and the menu is similar, but these are more like regular restaurants. We don't think the food at these is quite as good as at Palace Station and that may be because they're trying to serve so many customers. There is a Tides Oyster Bar at Green Valley Ranch. There used to be one at Santa Fe Station as well. We tried it and the food was terrible. It didn't last a year and the space where it was is still boarded up.. . When we go, we'll only eat half the bowl so we can save some for a day or two later. Once all the spices and flavors sit a couple of days together in the fridge, we think the pan roast tastes even better than the day it was made.
What can I say this place is a true Vegas hidden gem. One of those place you have to visit if your in the mood for great seafood. I always get the house gumbo spicy 8-10 depending on the chef cooking. It's a small bar with maybe 15 seats so get there early if your going around lunch time or its open 24 hours a day so go when it's less busy. A must try if your in town.
24-Hr, 16-seat counter, Oyster bar and seafood restaurant within the casino floor of the Palace Station. Prepare for a line, if there's a dozen people in line, you're looking at a wait of 1 to 1.5 hours easily. Generally came here at night, my first time midnight with a group of friends, and we didn't eat until 2am. And if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke, it will be a good idea to take turns with a friend to wait because it gets smokey there and no where to go. . . Go for the oyster shooters, round of fresh oysters (may be a bit sandy, but fresh), round of fresh clams (if you never tried it before, try it, 1 out of 5 of us in the group liked it in the end), and definitely go for the pan roast (gumbo style soup with choice of seafood, chicken, sausage, or other meats) and served with bread and rice. 1 pan roast easily feeds 2. Bread is complimentary and so so good, so be sure to ask for more. The pan roast has a coconut milk flavor to it which gives it a great richness as well. . . Definitely well worth the wait and always a point of destination each time we are in Vegas.
A friend of my husband's insisted we come here.  I knew of the place after he described it because often times I would see a line of people waiting to eat here.  We waited I would say an hour and let me just say it was worth it.  Pan Roast!  I crave it just thinking about Las Vegas.  First time we went there we had the crab pan roast which was great.  After that my husband and I tried the other pan roasts, all excellent.  We also had the steamed clams, which again were great.  Time to go is off-peak hours, we did not wait very long at about 2 a.m. and there was no line at all about 2 p.m.
I have been coming here for ten years and it has never been a disappointment. The bread is the best in Vegas. I can eat the Crab Cocktail everyday. Great clam chowder and fantastic seafood stew. Very reasonably priced. Highly recommend this place.
I talk about the pan roast when I'm nowhere near Las Vegas.   It's literally a top five meal in my life.. . Palace Station is out of the way, yes (a 10-minute drive from the Strip), and while it's a decent casino, there's probably no other reason for me to go here, except for that pan roast.. . There will be a wait, and it most likely be long.  Even in the early afternoon hours, post-midnight, most anytime of day really at this 24 hour bar will see a full seating of patrons.  There's typically just two folks behind the counter, the cook and the host, who cleans and seats and takes orders.  Even though there will be open seats on occasion, they know when they have the bandwidth to take on new people.  So stand tight, and just wait the agonizing wait.. . Once you get seated, enjoy the sparse but tasty menu.  There's a lot of interesting seafood stews - gumbos, jambalayas, etoufee.  Someday, I might try them.. . But I quickly fall into the same order - dozen oysters and combo pan roast (shrimp, crab and lobster).  The oysters are generally huge and whet the appetite.  The pan roast (0-10 in heat, I get the 2), full of seafood, is creamy and rich, which can be cut through with a scoop full of rice on the side.  Be warned that it comes piping, mouth scalding hot.. . It always looks like it is too much food, but I can't bear to see any part of this stew not eaten.. . Then I leave Vegas, and think about the next time I can have it again.
i had no expectations for this little stop in the corner of the Palace station casino.  Boy was i in for a treat!  The gumbo here matches anything i've had at numerous french quarter restaurants in New Orleans.  Its simply supurb!!  I got level 7 spice and that was fantastic.  Full of flavor with every bite.. . Simply put, i could not have gotten more if i was trying.. . My ONLY complaint is the place is simply TOO small...i can see lines reaching 20 deep at times.  i full restaurant would do fantastic business.. . i expect to be a repeat customer here!
Oyster Bar is heaven. It's the reason I last came to Vegas with the bf. Yes, we went to Vegas primarily to eat at Oyster Bar. There just isn't anything around LA that's comparable. . . I LOVE the Shrimp and Lobster Fra Diablo. It's the best. Last time I was a little adventurous and tried the Etoufee, but just wasn't feeling it. It wasn't bad; I just think the Fra Diablo is a tad better. Maybe it's the pasta. . . Spiciness level I get is 4. I've had the 6 before and it was a bit too much for my tongue. . . Don't go with a big party. It'll be almost impossible to fit more than a party at 4 when the bar only seats like 16-20 at most. Plus, you'll get dirty looks from the other people in line. Seriously. Especially if you're waiting in line and 4 of your buddies join you. (That's what happened with the big party in front of us). People were making comments such as: "Oh hell no!" and "Did they just cut"? . . It was funny. . . The longest I've waited would be probably an hour and a half for lunch. I would say go earlier like at 10a or 11a to beat the crowd.  You MIGHT get lucky. Might.
This is my favorite place to eat in Vegas. The long wait in line is oh so worth it. I can not to wait to eat there next week.
Hands down, no joke...most delicious pan roast you'll ever find! It was fantastic! What is a pan roast you ask? The combo pan roast includes shrimp, crab, and lobster in a tomato based creamy gumbo like stew served with a scoop of rice. It is AMAZING! The portion is huge, big enough for 2 ppl to share. But many people order their own bowl. The jambalaya was pretty good, but I'd rather order another pan roast. You get to choose a spicy level, 1 being the least spicy and 10 being the most. I can't eat anything that's too spicy, a little bit of kimchi, a squirt of sriracha, a dash of tabasco, a tiny bag of flamin' hot Cheetos are just about the best I can do.  I was able to taste the difference in the spicy level between a 3 and a 4, i can't imagine what a 10 would taste like.Their Alaskan chowder looked good too, the person next to us ordered it and I must say it's well worth the wait. We had to wait over an hour for a seat. There are only about 15 or 16 seats at the bar and that's it! So you can imagine how long you'll have to wait. There are only 6 cooking stations too, so order your appetizers and beer to hold you over if you're starving! I know I was after a 4 hr drive from LA! Great place to eat for sure! . . I am definitely coming back! I know there's a place in Chino that serves the same thing, the Broiler, I will try there next time.  It's closer to LA than Vegas.
We stayed at the Cosmopolitan and trekked across Las Vegas just to go to Oyster Bar- this place is crazy good, worth the wait, worth every penny, and worth going to Palace Station for the afternoon.
Heartily Delicious! Had a dozen of oysters and a dozen of clams as we patiently waited for our house pan roastand house gumbo.  The meal was very satisfying.
I never would have ventured to Palace station, let alone Oyster bar had my school not set me up to stay the weekend here for a school/work thing. But my fate was in good hands. Our first night at Palace station we wandered the hotel to see what goodies it had to offer. I noticed the small, but crowded Oyster bar and the corresponding line. Checked it out on Yelp, and decided I would have a meal here before the weekend was over. . . On my last day, the bf and I had the pleasure of dining here. We shared a combo pan roast and had a half dozen oysters. Oysters were shucked in front of our very eyes and were delicious, fresh, and succulent. There is a decent wait for the pan roast which explains the constant line here. Each order is individually cooked (or should I say roasted) in this contraption thingy. I don't have a better explanation for what that thing is so you'll just have to come and see it for yourself! It is a very entertaining process to watch. The pan roast had a mix of seafood and has a tomato-bisque-like taste, but think more creamy, more melt-in-your-mouth goodness. One bowl was more than enough for sharing. Although I may have been seen licking my bowl at the end, and that's only because I couldn't get enough. . . Our waitress was delightful and pretty comical. She suggested an extra scoop of rice since we were sharing the pan roast, an excellent suggestion on her part. I'll have to remember to come here again the next time I'm in Vegas since it is a bit off the beaten path. I really just wanted to use that phrase. Well really this is a good 10-15 minutes west of the strip, definitely a cab ride or short drive away from an excellent meal!
We decided to check this place out on a recent trip to Vegas and I'm so glad we did.  It's now at the top of my list of go-to restaurants and places to eat at when I'm in Vegas. . . The oyster bar is very small, maybe only seats about 18-20 people.  It's open 24-7 and we decided to go for lunch on a Saturday during 4th of July weekend.  I thought we would for sure be waiting for at least 45 minutes to an hour when we got there but I was really surprised that they actually had 4 seats available and we went around 11:30am!  . . We ordered a dozen fresh oysters and the Combo Pan Roast with Rice.  The oysters are the biggest oysters that I've ever seen.  They are huge!  They were really good and fresh since he shucks them for you right there.  . . We had four people and we each ordered a Combo Pan Roast to split between 2 people.  It was absolutely amazing!!  We ordered a spicy level of 5 which wasn't spicy enough for us.  I love spicy, my husband can take an average spicy and he didn't think 5 was spicy enough so next time we will probably go to order a 7.  The Combo Pan Roast comes with chunks of chicken, sausage and seafood.  It tastes like a creamy tomato stew but filled with spices and yummy goodness.  It's best to mix with rice.  It comes with one serving of rice but if you split it, they charge an extra $5 for a second plate of rice.  The best part of it is that it's not too salty which can be a product of some pan roasts.   . . I saw a couple order the Clam Chowder which looked amazing and I saw someone else order the gumbo, which looked equally amazing.  Next time, I'm saving up my stomach to order the gumbo as well as going back to get the Pan Roast and then if I have room I will try the Clam Chowder.  . . When we left around 12:30pm, the line was long and there were a ton of people waiting.  Glad we beat the crowd but I would gladly wait in line any day for this.  It's totally worth it!
This place is stand out! One of the highlights of my weekend. Worth the short drive off the strip. Compliments to Ricardo, the chef on duty last night. We will be back.
It literally is an Oyster bar... there are at most 20 seats in the place. The chefis a man of few words, but boy... he can cook amazing seafood. I had fresh oysters and Jambalaya. The oysters are fresh, sweet and quite meaty. The Jambalaya has a lot of seafood in it. I went with a 7 on spice... I will try a 5 next time. It was making me a bit teary eyed, but it was so good. As I was finishing my mean, I saw him cook a "pan roast", even though their portions are huge and I was stuffed. I got hungry again. Whatever they add on that pan roast smells so good. If you sit in the center seats of the bar, the food is being cooked no more then 4 feet in front of you. You will want to eat everything. I would highly recommend coming with several people, ordering several dishes and sharing them family style. There is a $5 split charge if you share a dish between two people... and the dishes are large enough to share between two people. If you order oysters, they seem to wave the split charge... so it may just be one dish per person to avoid the split charge... in any case. You get to see the chef cook your meal right in front of you.
LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! I love all the dishes here. So far I have tried, Cioppino, bouillabaisse, all the pan roasts, raw oysters/clams (so fresh and the cocktail sauce is so yummy). It's a must try when you are in Vegas. . . Tip: moonlight specials (1-6am I think) - *bloody mary $3.50 soooo goood and $2 budlight.. . Shoutouts to Steve aka Heisenberg and Holloman!
Awesome food and a friendly staff! Can't wait to come back
this place is amazing! i came here through the recommendation of a friend while staying at the palace station this weekend and let me tell you the wait (yes there's always a wait) is SO WELL WORTH IT. everything was seasoned to perfection the oysters were fresh, and the staff was incredible and hilarious. so sad i didn't have a fridge in my room to keep my leftovers but i'll be returning again for sure!
Whatever you do, WAIT in line, it's worth every expensive penny!
Be prepared for a pretty long wait. Very limited seating. . . Amazing pan roast and good seafood.. The pan roast is big enough for two people but they charge a $5 plate sharing fee. . . Staff is so much fun and very friendly. Makes up for what may be a long wait for your food.
Awhile some of my friends kept talking about how good Oyster Bar was, so I decided to go to Harrah's to check it out. I was confused by their recommendations because the menu there was mediocre. At least the oysters were delicious. It turns out I was going to the WRONG one! My girlfriend and I were so excited to check this place out that we decided to leave the club early to eat here.. . This place is called Oyster Bar for a reason. It's only a bar consisting of 14-18 chairs, so you can imagine that standing in line can take a long time. It took about 1 hour for us to get seated when there were only about 4 groups ahead of us.. . Food:. 1) Oysters of the day is a great appetizer. They were very fresh and large. I've actually haven't seen oysters this big. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=FDG_fUoUjs-KavTq8D0Hng#JkeczflLv7omKCAepuho0Q. 2) Pan Roast Level 8 Spicy had a decent kick, but not enough to satisfy my spicy Asian taste buds. I think I'll go for level 10 next time. The tomato cream sauce was so creamy and savory that I couldn't put my spoon down. The portions here were so large that I had to take it to go despite my large appetite.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=FDG_fUoUjs-KavTq8D0Hng#SdiA6-GgqYBGLTXtsph7pQ. 3) Gumbo - out of the few times I've tried gumbo, the gumbo here would have to be the best out of those experiences. The red brick roux was by far the best. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=FDG_fUoUjs-KavTq8D0Hng#Mdd4OMnfoQf_Z8YFx5krig
I've heard lots of great things about this place, and how it's so popular that sometimes, there is a long wait time (3-4 hrs). My first thought was .. That's f@$&ing ridiculous. I don't even like oysters. . . But one of my good friends persuaded me to check this place out, and I'm so glad she took me :) i hear the pan roast is really good.. But I decided to get the gumbo instead. Omg, it's the best gumbo I've ever tasted. Everything is made fresh, and right in front of you. It's an intimate spot, and a great experience..  I totally underestimated this place at first, but now I totally get why this place is so high in demand. I still wouldn't wait 3-4 hours for it. I'd rather go really early to avoid it.. . Will definitely be back!
Being from San Francisco, I'm pretty picky about seafood. With that said, this place is INCREDIBLE. Who would have thought that you could find such amazing seafood in the middle of the desert? I was recently in Las Vegas for a conference, and my boyfriend and I came here two nights in a row. The first was a Saturday night/Sunday morning around 5 a.m, and we probably waited about an hour for a spot at the 18-seat bar. There was no wait at around the same time the next night. My boyfriend is super impatient and hates to wait for anything, but even he declared that the food was totally worth it. . . The two servers were super efficient and personable. I didn't catch their names; one just told me to call him "baby" and the other looks like Walter White from Breaking Bad, albeit a million times less grumpy. . . For starters, we had a dozen oysters on the half shell ($17.99 from 1-9 a.m.) and the New England clam chowder ($7.99 a bowl). The oysters were fresh and perfectly briney, and the cocktail sauce had a nice horseradish kick to it. The clam chowder was way better than the over-hyped Boudin, in my opinion, with big chunks of meaty clams. The sourdough rolls they served with the meal went perfectly with the chowder.. . For our entrees, we split the combo pan roast ($21.99) and the bouillabaisse ($23.99). Boyf really enjoyed the bouillabaisse; a "classic French stew with onions, celery, shrimp, crab, lobster, cod, mussels and clams." He's a huge carnivore, and this dish was packed with seafood in a light spicy broth. For me, the pan roast stole the show; a rich, almost creamy sauce with huge chunks of jumbo shrimp, clams, and lobster. While not as meat-heavy as the bouillabaisse, the sauce was simply amazing with the heaping scoop of rice that accompanied each portion. Another tip - when they ask how hot you want it, maybe err on the more mild side. I love spicy food and I put Sriracha pretty much on everything, but I'm definitely not a champ. We ordered a spice level 6/10 the first day and my face was flushed and sweaty within 2 bites. The flavors were so good though, that I had to keep trucking even through the burn. . . Bottom line: come on a weeknight or early morning for the best experience. And even if you have to wait, totally worth it!
I moved to Vegas because of this place, its the best in the world ...order it with a number 10 very spicy.
Two things to take into consideration; there will be a wait and you will spend a lot of monies. That being said, this is a must try for seafood lovers and well worth the wait!. . My boyfriend and I arrived before 10 on a Monday night and was greeted by the sight of a line of about 11 people. After a few minutes of debating on whether to wait or not, we decided it would be worth it. We were not disappointed!. . After an hour, we were seated and the indecision over what to get began. So many yummy sounding options! We settled on the combo pan roast and bouillabaisse with pasta. We were given sour dough bread as we watched the chefs make our food in front of us. The smell was heavenly!. . We watched in envy as our neighbors dug into their food, but that soon ended as ours arrived shortly after. Oh boy, the wait was definitely worth it! The bouillabaisse was light, yet full of flavor. They certainly do not jip you in seafood. The pan roast was rich and savory. It was a bit too rich for me, but adding more rice solves that problem. On my next visit, I was thinking of trying the pan roast with pasta instead of rice (I love pasta!).. . One thing I must mention is that we were given the impression that the food would be spicy (we ordered spice levels 6 and 8), but our dishes didn't seem to taste that spicy at all. It's not a problem because it didn't take away from how tasty they were! We also enjoy a lot of spicy food, so that may be another reason it wasn't spicy to us. Just a heads up for those who also enjoy spicy food! Possibly ask for a 10 or extra spicy if you want that [:
Each time we go to Las Vegas, we have to make a trip to the Palace Station ( I know) to eat at the Oyster Bar.  Their entrees are very good, and they are prepared by qualified chefs who know how to properly prepare boiled recipes. . . We had the classic pan roast (again) which comes with chunks of lobster, several shrimps, and crab.  The spiciness level is made to order....anything over six is tough for us.  Try the level four.  We do wish, however, that there were more pots and seats to reduce the wait.  Once company in Southern California actually learned the cooking process from the owner of the Oyster Bar.  Five Stars and worth the wait.
What a knockout of a place!! I took my Mom here for here 60th Bday and we were blown away by the food and service. We started with a dozen oysters on the half shell. Made on the spot and arranged in a beautiful way it was tasty and then some. I went with a bowl of New England style clam chowder. I almost fell over it so rich and creamy. The clams were in every bite. We both lucked out as we had no wait and I have seen some long lines for this place. Will be back without a doubt.
Was in Vegas again, ate there 3 times, of course had the raw clams, tried Alaskan Chowder, pan roast, and gumbo, gumbo was good, chowder and roast awesome, going to try the linguine and clams next time.  All 3 bowls were totally empty when I was done.
By far my favorite Oyster bar in vegas. I visit here at least once a month. The original! Staff is great and food is always wonderful. Oysters are always fresh and clean. My favorite dish is the house pan roast! Dish sizes are huge and prices are comparable to any other seafood resturants. The best thing about the oyster bar is the personal service that is given when visiting. The staff is always friendly and eager to assist. Whats better than great food, great staff, and a great time??. . 5 STARS!
This is literally a counter that seats 12.  Walk up, sit down, and order.  (Or if you come during prime hours, walk up, wait for two hours, sit down, order)  . . I am not a fan of oysters, but they looked so plump and fresh (shucked in front of your face!).  Everyone eating them looked like they were in heaven.. . We ordered the Combo Roast (lobster, shrimp, crab).  I wasn't sure what to expect when the bowl was placed in front of me but. Holy. Stinkin. Moly. Partyyyyyy in my mouth!!! EXPLOSION of flavor.  . . The seafood is prepared to perfection in front of you via pan roasting technique and the final stew/soup/bisque (that you patiently wait 20 minutes for as it simmers) is quite possibly one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted.  It's been three days and I'm still thinking about it...Can't wait to go back to Vegas so I can eat this again :P*  Cue ALL delicious food related words! Nomsssss.
There's a few locations around Vegas, but this is the only one I'll come to!. . There's no table's and the bar only sits about 12 or so.  If you come in late night around 10pm-12am there's not much of a wait, maybe just a few minutes.  However if you come in mid day to 8pm except at least an hour wait or so to get seated.  But hey it's busy for a reason!. . I love oysters before my meal so it's  important to me that they are always fresh, which they are! All the while you meal is prepared right in front of you.. . The best plate I would say for me and my friends is the Pan Roast. There's no way to describe it other than just amazing!!!  Adding sausage makes it just that much better. =) . . I've also had the Gumbo and Jumbalaya and they're  arguably just as good, especially if you like more of a creamy texture.  . . Vegas experience I think every local has to try at least once!!
What to expect to get here.... . 1. Waiting in line for over an hour. Please be aware of that and be ready and patient when you get there. You can always go grab a beer and drink while you wait. . . 2. Amazing food. . That's why the 5 stars. I usually go during the graveyard specials and its a little chill there during the week. The combo pan roast is my favorite! Their clam chowder is amazing and their oysters always fresh. So grab some beers and strike up a conversation with the people in line with you because its going to be a while before you sit. It is well worth it ...
Despite the one hour wait, this spot still gets the #1 oyster bar in the valley rating from me! . . Everything was fantastic, from the friendly service at the bar to the lovely conversation provided by the cook. It was more like we were sitting in his kitchen, as he handed us samples of just about everything he made. . . We ordered the pan roast, as recommended by everyone surrounding us. One word, PERFECTION!! It was a party in my mouth from beginning until end. We also had an appetizer of shrimp cocktail, which was just as fabulous. Not to mention, the shrimp they served were probably the biggest I've seen used for cocktail. . . We will definitely be returning here, very soon at that!! . . :)
Came here for my birthday at 5 am and there was no lines. I was craving spicy seafood and man the Combo Pan Roast was delicious ! We ordered spicy level 5 and it sure had a good kick to it. We also ordered the half a dozen oysters. Our server Jill and chef Holloman were wonderful! They need a raise :) I would definitely come back again due to the mouthwatering food and excellent service.
The Palace Pan roast was AMAZING!!! The servings were really big, i was actually full from dinner which I am never full. My girlfriend got the Seafood gumbo which was amazing!!! The food is very tasty and made to perfection! . . Only downside is that you have to wait a while for your food to be done. Mainly because they make it fresh right there in front of you so thats the only down side but overall the food is amazing!!! . . For all those seafood lovers this is the place where you want to get your fill of it. They had chunks in every bite which is great!!. . Definitely go and try this place out if yoru in town. I also got the clam chowder which was amazing! . . Its really small place so make sure you plan an arriving early for your  dinner or you have to wait a while.
So so good!!!. . Every time I venture out to the good 'ol sin city, I always make sure I get my Oyster Bar fix before I head back home.. . This place is super super small, sitting only about 18 or so people in a bar seating restaurant. When I first came here, it was some time ago during dinner and I remember the line was stretching out towards the slot machines. I waited for maybe a good 30-40 minutes realizing we haven't moved an inch!! We decided to eat elsewhere and come back when it wasn't so busy. The second time I came during lunch on a weekday. Thank God there were only a couple of people waiting and we were able to get seated quick. . . If you do go during weekends during rush hours, be prepared to wait...FOR HOURS!! Go on a weekday or odd hours since this place is 24 hours!. . So far, I've only tried their combo pan past and palace pan roast. But, I think that's pretty much the only thing you should order!! The pan roasts are sooo good! The bf ordered a jambalaya one time but throughout the night kept taking bites of my pan roast that he decided to just stick with pan roast from there on after.. . The best deal is to just share a pan roast for $5 extra so that way you can order other appetizers when you come. (:. . I'm not much of a raw oyster person but the oysters here are no joke FATTT! Those suckers are so freaking huge I was shocked at the person next to me being able to eat a whole dozen by himself. If you like oysters, I guarantee you'll enjoy the oysters here at Oyster Bar. . . Overall, I really enjoying eating at the Oyster Bar.  Not only is the food super good but I really like the small intimate setting.  I have so far met 3 out of the 5 chefs that are regulars here and I enjoy conversing with them while I eat my pan roast.  Depending on the chef that is working, be careful at how spicy you make your pan roast.  I ordered a 7 with one chef my last pan roast and it was perfect.  And then I ordered a 7 with a different chef and it was SPICY. It was my first meal of the day and I felt like there was a hole burning through my stomach! . . The hotel on the other hand is not as great. Very sad and depressing.  I had a couple of randos come up to me while waiting in line and talk to me about Jesus. Interesting. But I feel the setting just makes Oyster Bar that much more special.
It has been almost a year and a half since I've been back here. It was so gratifying and delicious to finally eat the oysters on a half shell once more! . . First of all, this place is small. It's bar seating only that seats roughly 18-20 people. You have to wait in line to get seated. My first time here, we came on a weekend around midnight and waited over an hour! (But it was so worth the wait.) This time, we came on a Wed late afternoon and waited about 5 min. . . On to the food: I highly recommend the oysters on the half shell. Super fresh and for the most part pretty big and fat in size. Comes on a bed of ice with lemons, cocktail sauce, and fresh horse radish. And OMG, their horse radish is divine. It's hot, but pairs well with the oysters. As for entrees, I recommend the pan roast, cioppino, and bouillabaisse. You can choose 1-10 for spicy-ness. The 8 has a kick. . . The chefs cook the food and shuck oysters in front of you. They are very friendly. Service is good. They may get busy at times, but they do the best with the hands they have. . . If you love oysters and seafood, you have to try this place. I recommend avoiding this place on weekends due to the crowds. Best to come between 1 AM and 8 AM or on a weekday during mid-morning or mid-afternoon to avoid the crowds and long waits. I will have to visit here again before we leave Vegas!
After I found this place on yelp last year, I've been wanting to go. I'm so glad that during my last trip to Vegas, my boyfriend finally wanted to go with me. People weren't kidding when they said it was just a bar that seated 18 people. Good thing there weren't too many people in line waiting and we only had to wait 20 minutes. It took a while for the lady to clear the bar for us to sit down but at least she was very friendly.. . My boyfriend and I shared a bowl of New England Clam Chowder, a Combo Pan Roast and I had a dozen oysters as an appetizer. The clam chowder was very good and it tasted better with the oyster crackers. I usually like clam chowder anyways but since my boyfriend actually ate a good amount of it, so I know it's good.. . The oysters were quite tasty for being in the middle of the desert!. . The combo pan roast was delicious. It was creamy with a hint of spice and some fresh seafood. The shrimp was cooked well, it was not overcooked. I don't really know what else to say about it except take a break from the food on the strip and come here because I really recommend going to this place.
I didn't believe it when I heard that this place was simply one bar and no other seating. I stepped in line (which really is just...a makeshift line in the middle of the casino floor) and...waited. It was a bit late, so there wasn't that much of a line and we ended up only waiting for about 30 minutes. We struck up conversation with the couple in front of us, who also happened to be from California. We got seated and perused the menu. Small menu, so we made our choices pretty quickly.. . 1) I will say that the service is a bit on the slower side. One server and two cooks.. 2) The food was awesome. You'd never think it, but the food is in total contrast to the looks of the place.. 3) Even though the service was a bit slow, we had a fun time joking around with the staff. The banter between us made up for the slow service and made the night that much more enjoyable.. . The food was great. We pretty much licked everything clean. There was one thing that was even more amazing, though...So we look across the bar, and there was this girl that just could not stop eating. She was at her seat with her boyfriend from the time we took our spot in line until after we had finished up and left. From my estimation, she probably ate about $120 worth of food and beer all by herself. The funniest part is that her boyfriend only had one dish, some oysters and a soda. My girlfriend and I were so amazed that this was the only thing we could talk about the whole cab ride back to the hotel. The look on the boyfriend's face plus his body language when he received the bill was priceless!
Everyone should go here for their Palace Pan Roast. The best in town! I've waited 2 hours to be seated and another hour for my Pan Roast. There is always a line and that should tell you something. The Palace Pan Roast is so good that you won't ever try another menu item. Well, maybe you will but not anytime soon. The staff is very friendly, the only downfall is that service is slow but that is due to them always having three people on duty.  When you are in Vegas you have to stop by for their Roast.
Good things first - delicious lump crab, big oysters, wonderful Alaskan chowder, tasty Combo Pan Roast.  Outstanding meal!. Not so good things - very long wait...90 minutes, only 18 seats, only one waitress to clear plates, take orders, and cash out people out.  If you aren't in a rush and you love good seafood, you will love the oyster bar!
The Original Oyster Bar in Las Vegas is Now Open 24 hrs!!!! A Little Pricey, but Everything is Made Fresh in Front of You!!! Love Their Louisiana Food, Especially the Gumbo!!! A Word to the Wise... When they ask you how spicy you want it, go 5 or less or they will put crushed red pepper in your dish which we do not use in Cajun Food in Louisiana!!!! They Have Graveyard Specials on Beer, Bloody Mary's & Raw Oysters!!!! Bar-Like Atmosphere without all tha Drama!!! Haha!!! Tha Cooks are not only Great, but Funny as Well!!! Free Entertainment Every Night!!!! Of Course Palace Station Was an Original Las Vegas Local's Casino that I Remember!!!
The Oyster Bar is the best food I had while in Vegas.. . I had the palace pan roast and it was uh-maz-ing! I don't really know what a pan roast is, but I've been calling it a gumstewp (gumbo-stew-soup). And this gumstewp is a giant bowl of pure omg deliciousness. While it's enough to share for two ($5 share charge), it's sooo good, you might want a bowl to yourself.. . Have patience! There is limited bar seating and food is made to order. You will wait a longgggg time. You will wait to sit. You will wait to order. You will wait to eat. And you will be very happy to lick your bowl clean after all the waiting.
I think this review is going to be the same exact review as all the other ones. . . BUT BEST PAN ROAST EVER. MUST GO HERE IF YOU ARE IN VEGAS. I wish I lived in Vegas so i can come here all the time.
Dear Oyster Bar,. . It's not very often that I fall in love at first bite, as a matter of fact, this was my first time. In Japanese we say "hatsukoi" which means first love. Though technically you aren't my first love, you are now. I must thank fellow Yelper Dave F., for bringing us together. If it wasn't for him suggesting I give you a try, we would've never met. . . My friends aren't Yelpers and when I told them about you, they weren't exactly thrilled. You see, they don't get the concept of Yelp. Which doesn't quite make much sense to me since they always ask me to jump on my app when they have no idea where to eat at. Of course the girl with the Yelp app to the rescue. . . After perusing some reviews and reading them out loud to them, they agreed to go. Don't tell but I skipped over the long wait part and only highlighted the good. I knew I had to remain mum about possible waits up to 2 hours. My one & only mission was to just get them there. . . When we arrived, the counter was full with 2 people in line. I was hopeful. There were 3 of us, we had left the others at the hotel since they were too hungover to join us. Totally well played. The best part was, as soon as we stepped in line, 5 people got up! We didn't have to wait a single minute! The stars, the moon, the universe, everything aligned perfectly. . . I ordered the Pan Roast Lobster and this is where my love affair began. The friendly waitress suggested the heat level at 6. Since it was busy, we probably waited about 20 mins, maybe a bit longer but it didn't seem long. I was fascinated with the lone cook who was creating dish after dish in front of me. He was like the energizer bunny, zipping around in that small space. . . When he finally placed the ginormous bowl in front of me, my eyes sparkled. Huge generous amounts of lobster were floating in my bowl. Then I took that first bite. My mouth exploded with flavors. I don't even think I can find the right words to convey how delicious my pan roast was. It was total perfection. From the level 6 heat to the scrumptious lobster to the lobster bisque sauce even the scoop of white rice that was in my bowl. My eyes were now in the shape of hearts as I gazed at you. My heart fluttered, I was officially in love. . . My friend ordered the seafood pan roast and another the shrimp scampi (which came with pasta) and though we all tried each others. I can say unequivocally hands down, mine was the best. . . The portions were so generous that none of us could finish our meal. One friend suggested on our next visit there, we should share. Huh? Huh? What? Did I just hear that correctly? Was he skirting around the issue that Yelp and Dave F., is what brought us there? . . I must give kudos to your chef and waitress. Both were consistently busy taking orders, clearing off counter space, preparing each order, opening raw oysters or clams with such ease, and refilling drinks. All of this while engaging people in friendly conversation and a smile. . . I know some patrons complain about lack of counter space with only about 20 seats but I hope you don't expand. I love the ambiance and the intimacy. Even though you're in the casino with no walls separating you from the rest of the world, you wouldn't even know it since one is more focused on the activity in front of them and of course the delish food. . . When I go back to Vegas, believe me, I will definitely visit my first love. And to you sir Dave F., arigatou, merci beacoup, kamsanmida, gracious, danke. You are the bomb! . . P.S. I would wait in line a million years to eat here again. Don't let the wait put you off. It's so so worth it.
This place is Heaven!. Although the wait was ridiculous (almost 2hours) the combination pan roast was well worth it. I  wish there was an actual restaurant because i feel like a lot of people are discouraged from giving this place a try after they see the line. DO NOT LET THE LINE DISCOURAGE YOU! it'll be well worth it once you get your hands (and mouth) on the food.
So good, so worth standing there for over 1 hour to have 1am dinner. The BEST pan roast ever!!! Not to mention the super fresh, sweet, giant, fresh-cut oyster (I ate the whole plate of 6).. . This place is ALWAYS PACKED- I was told by the oyster-master that the only time you might get seating without the wait is mid-week 10am, LOL, I guess raw oyster is not the favorite breakfast.. . I would go back to Vegas just for this!!!
This spot brings back memories. First tried their gumbo at home when my mom brought back leftovers and was obsessed. I would come here with my cousins ID before I turned 21 to be able to have the deliciousness served to me...you see you have to be 21 or over to eat at the oyster bar(they will card you). I actually spent my 21st birthday dinner here at midnight because I love it so much. Of course I celebrated with a beer and some oyster shooters. Crazy I know.... . The Oyster Bar is now open 24 hours which makes it so easy to try and a great place to go to when I get off of work at 5am. There usually is always a line since there is seating for only 15-18 people...but that doesn't deter people from waiting...their food is THAT GOOD. The chefs are usually always talking to the guests as he's cooking which makes the experience fun.
I come to LAS for business about once a month. I find myself returning to this place every time! I cannot say enough good things about the food! I highly recommend eating at the Palace Station Oyster Bar! The Palace Pan Roast is phenomenal!
chef Bob and Master of all Margie do up a great feast.  I would describe the delight of all the dishes and the amazing flavors but this place is my personal secret.   Couldn't be more happy with it.
WOW. . This is my new favorite clam chowder place. My brother had been talking about this oyster bar place in Vegas for a while. We're in Vegas pretty often so I'm pretty amazed I didn't discover this Oyster Bar sooner. Located in Palace Station Casino you take the 15 North (or was it south..) and exit Sahara make a left. Lines here take forever. That's because it's literally a bar with 15 seats (I counted). They don't add more. Anyway the wait will take you about an hour and something even though there's a line that doesn't look like a lot of people (but considering there's only so many seats.)  So the chef makes the food right there in front of you. . . I definitely recommend the white Alaskan Clam Chowder and the Raw Clams. . Raw Oysters i've had better... go for the clams. . Alaskan Clam Chowder White should add lobster, okra, and maybe rice if its leaning towards the salty side. . Also tried the red Pan Roast. I liked the chowder more, this was a little sweeter. Still good though. . You can order bowl of pasta/ rice on the side and eat it with your roast/chowder.. .  It's a huge bowl of food. If you share they will charge you. . . The chef makes it right there in front of you while you're sitting at the bar. Food comes pretty fast. And it's definitely worth the wait. We came here twice in one weekend. The weekend night had a line, the morning during the week at about 10 AM no line. Sweeet. . . Gambling at the casino is pretty fun too. Liked blackjack. . Coming back here every time I'm in Vegas. . MmmMmM Clam Chowder.
Two words.  Pan. Roast.
Get there at 12:30 for a half hour wait and the early morning specials, 8.99 half dozen oysters and 2 dollar bud light drafts... The palace pan roast, the combo pan roast, and the seafood jambalaya are amazing picks...
ohh man what can I say about this spot; fresh oysters on ice and the amazing pan roast!. Ordered 6 on the heat scale which was pretty spicy but I think next time 7 would be perfect. We came here around 1am not to bad of a wait but surprisingly enough by 2am it was packed! The two chefs here are very friendly and try their best to get the food out quickly but since every dish is actually made to order fresh it may seem awhile to the impatient few. Two thumbs up
Line sucks and can be long even late at night, but the pan roast is worth it.
Okay... so the first time I ate here I was suuuuuuper hungover. Go figure in Vegas, right? . . It was my last night there and my genius friend suggested we eat something SPICY. No bueno on a tummy full of leftover alcohol. NEVER. EVER. This left my last memory of this place a little tainted to say the least. . . I didn't return for a while, but finally made the effort when I saw they changed to being open 24 hours. Nothing like a big pot of goodness anytime of the day (or night)!. . Came here after clubbing and even though it was 5AM, there was a wait! Seats are first come, first serve and after that you wait in line until one of the 20 seats are free. My party of 3 ended up waiting about 30 - 40 minutes.. . Two words of advice: COME. HUNGRY. . . Their portions are so large, they're almost 3 meals in one! And there's a fee if you share with someone. I'm not really down for that, but once you try one bite, you might want the whole bowl to yourself!. . Definitely come here and get the pan roast! There is nothing else you should order! All kinds of fresh seafood sauteed with brandy, cream and tomato and served with rice. SO. FREAKING. DELICIOUS. And they don't skimp on the seafood at all! You can see the cook dump in the goodness in your pot and cook it right in front of you! You can even pick what level of spiciness you want. You can pick anywhere from 1 to 10. Level 3 is good for a light kick, but you can still taste the flavor of the sauce. . . I know there's a lot of options for 24 hour late night eats in Vegas, but this is one of the better ones out there. I mean, any place with a wait at almost every hour of the day is definitely good eats!
Oyster Bar is absolutely outstanding and worth every second of the extremely long wait. I will miss it now that I'm no longer a Las Vegan.. . Plus, each time we've been there, my wife has won enough on slots while standing in line to pay for half our meal! I've never had oysters there, but the pan roasts are an absolute must - particularly the Palace pan roast, which has a little bit of everything.. . (Protip: The main bar in the casino has 99c margaritas, which you will need several of while waiting. They're considerably larger than the ones at the Fremont downtown, and of better quality.)
This is a hidden gem in Las Vegas. We frequent Palace Station during our trips to Vegas since the rooms are dirt cheap, clean, and only a short hop away from the strip. We discovered this place during our first stay at Palace Station. The lines are always long for this place no matter what time of day (or night). Usually the wait is about an hour unless you get lucky.. . The fresh clams and oysters are awesome! We usually get a dozen each to get started. Depending on how hungry we are, my fiancee and I will usually just order one dish and pay the split plate fee. The portions are huge and unless you are REALLY hungry, there's no way you're going to finish an entire portion on your own.. . We usually order the pan roast or the shrimp and lobster fra diavolo. Keep in mind, you can order your entree to whatever level of spice you like. Last time we were here, the chef was making a concoction of habanero, jalapeno, and other chiles, and explained to us how the last he made this concoction, the customer got a bloody nose (YIKES!) I've ordered dishes from a heat level of 7 all the way to 10. The 10 is beyond spicy, but awesome if you've been hitting the liquor for hours. Then again, you're in Vegas, who isn't hitting the alcohol for hours on end right?. . This place is open 24 hours which is a huge plus! Sometimes when you're pulling an all nighter in Vegas and you get the need for some good food to take a break from alcohol, it's hard to find good food since a lot of the good restaurants are closed. Service is sometimes slow since there's only one chef and one person who takes orders and brings you drinks, but the quality of the food is TOP notch. You even get to see the chef whip up your food right in front of you in these cool pots that don't appear to even have a flame under them. I'm still not sure how those pots get hot, but it's really cool to watch your food being made. If you're in Vegas, give this place a whirl, you'll be hooked after one visit.
I've lived in Vegas most of my life, and I don't even know why I've only been here once. I tried it for the first time about a week ago after a  night of drinking. Man, it effing hit the spot. . . Like most of the other reviews say, there was a bit of a wait. We arrived about 230 or 3 ish, and still had to wait to sit - and then about another half hour wait to get our food. Worth it? Definitely. I probably wouldn't try and go during 'normal' hours, because I can't even imagine waiting that long. Going so late was perfect for us.. . Get the pan roast, for sure. We got the palace pan roast and the combo roast. I preferred the combo which had lobster, shrimp, and crab - as opposed to the palace which had chicken in addition to the other things listed - as well as some other stuff, I think ! It's pretty cool, because you can watch them cook your food. Kind of bad I guess, you start drooling over all the deliciousness. And sometimes you get really hopeful that the food they are cooking is yours - but sadly, it isn't. Be patient - super worth it. . . Service was great too. Hollowman single-handedly made the experience. He was so friendly. You can tell he cares about what he's cooking. I would go back just for him. . . Great, great, great. I regret not having ever been there before. Definitely will be a regular at this place.
It's past the game tables and in the middle of the casino. FYI.. . The staff and chef are all very funny and sarcastic. I came, I sat and I ate. There was a lot of food. I mean alot!.. . My buddy, let's call him Bob, ordered too much and tried to get some boxes togo after like 10 mins of eating. The chef told him, "C'mon really? Man Up!" and he subsequently ate some more. Didn't quite manned up but did try to eat some more. At the end he got his box to take togo. . . Some of the customers asked the chef, "Where does the Oysters come from?" His reply, "From the cooler."  Yeah, it's as good as it gets here!. . Service is slow, but technically each seat gets you an hour of service! Like you can't leave even if you wanted to! They'd get you your check like later much later after you asked for it.
My newest favorite place in Vegas!
On my last trip to Las Vegas, I wanted to come here. The Oyster Bar is inside the Palace Station. There are only18 seats and depending on the time of the day, you can be waiting for few minutes or all the way up to hours. On our first day (Friday), we came here around 5pm and waited less than 30 minutes. Not bad. There were four of us and we ordered two dozen oysters, two combo pan roast, and two shrimp scampi. The shrimp scampi was just okay. Nothing to write home about. Oysters were fresh and delicious but I have eaten better oysters in the past. But what we all raved about was the PAN ROAST. Boy was it yummy! I got spicy level 2 and my friend got spicy level 4. . . In the end, both were spicy and we actually couldn't tell if 2 was as hot as 4 or not. Anyway NO big deal. We love spicy, just as long as it isn't taking over the entire mouth. . . On Sunday morning, we still couldn't get over the delicious Pan Roast and decided to go again. Of course, sin city has no church goers, it was packed with a line. We waited 2 hours from 11-1pm and finally got seated. It was worth it. But not sure if it was the line or if we were hungrier on a Friday afternoon but Friday's Pan Roast tasted a bit better.. . PS the staff there are super chill and cool. They are nice if you are nice to them. But they will be rude to the ones that are snobby, douchey, and rude. So don't matter if you are rich or poor. Be nice to the servers and the cooks and they will be nice to you as well.
This place is one you'll definitely want to check out. Everything was an experience worth the hour plus wait. We had only about six people in front of us so we thought we'd get in at 15 or so mins. Boy was my optimism sorely wrong. But stick with it and you'll be rewarded!. . When we finally got to sit down at this dozen still bar, we were ready to eat. Each pan roast/dish is made in its own separate pot contraption linked to a gas source. We did see the main chef clean off the below and the pots themselves which I wondered about because lots of them boil over.. . The combo pan roast with perfectly cooked white rice (hey! I'm Asian, its important to us) had shrimp, crab and lobster. How can u describe the creamy tomatoey seafood goodness that explodes in your mouth? Part of it is the wait but the majority is the taste! One bite and my cousin and I could not be more pleased. Afterwards we talked about the deliciousness for a long time.. . We share the pan roast which normally has a $5 share price but we also got a dozen oysters on a half shelf which the waitress/hostess explained would negate the share price. The oysters were ok. The chef is a character but in a good entertaining surely way. And the waitress is awesome!. . I would go back in a heartbeat and I know I will have dreams of this pan roast!
Came on Sunday at 11 AM and luckily there was no line. . . Got the seafood combo pan roast- chunks of seafood in a tomato-bisque-like soup- soooo delicious!! It's the kind of sauce you would wanna dip everything in! And the seafood jambalaya is good with pieces of lobster, clam, shrimp, and mussels. I don't even like raw oysters and I tried one and they tasted so fresh! I already wanna go back to try the cioppino and gumbo . . Service was good and the chef is very funny and provided great customer service!!!
best restaurant in las vegas. will eat here any day. any time. so good i had to make this review in all caps. would pick this as my last meal. ricardo is the best.
Even though I had to wait almost 3 hours, it was well worth it! This place is amazing!. . I got here about 2:00am and got seated close to 5:00am. This was on a Friday night so I was expecting the worse. I did however get to meet some very cool people and most were first timers just as I was. I ordered the combo pan roast with a spice level of 7 and all I can say is WOW! The flavor is so unique and original. I've never had anything like this before so I now consider myself a pan roast fanatic lol. The staff was great and they were very kind, interactive and told us the best time to come and avoid a long wait (Between 5am-8am). A person I met in line was even kind enough to offer some of their gumbo to me since they were a regular. It was just as good as the pan roast but with a bolder flavor. I totally recommend this to anyone. Now that I am a resident of Las Vegas this will definitely be apart of my life regularly.
This oyster bar is in Palace Station.. . These words came out of my mouth when I first had the pan roast for the first time: "This is the best thing I've ever had in my life!!" And it's true!!!. . Do not go in big groups, their bar only has about 11 seats and the wait is longgggg. Don't be discouraged, because it's so worth the wait. You will probably have to wait at least an hour, then another 30 mins for your food to be ready. . . Onto the food.. I've had the combo pan roast here and let me tell you..... it's not like anything you've ever tasted before! I don't even know how to describe it, you just have to find out for yourself. IDK what they put in here but it's so good an addicting! they do not skimp on the seafood as well. You can see your pan roast being made in front of you, then you think that one is for you...getting all excited...then the chef passes it to the other end of of the bar -____-. I hate when that happens!!!. . The clam chowder here is really good as well. The clam flavor is very pungent and they don't skimp on the clams. This is premade already so it'll come out fast, get this and share if you're starving, which i'm sure you are after hours of waiting. . . They opened one here in OC, Ritter's but it DOES NOT compare at all. If you want the real stuff, go here!!!
There isn't much to say that the other hundreds of reviews haven't. Definitely worth the trek out to Palace Station for some delicious Oysters on the half shell. We lucked out and around 8:30pm there were only 8 people in line in front of us so we grabbed a few beers from one of the casino bars and chatted away for about half an hour before we were seated at the Oyster Bar. We enjoyed a couple dozen Oysters and a few shooters before digging into a couple of Pan Roasts. We got two between the four of us and with the oysters we had already eaten it was plenty of food and worth the $5 shared plate fee. Note to self.... next time save the bread they give you in the beginning to dip in the sauce! We enjoyed chatting with the chefs who cook in those amazing kettles.. even the guy shucking oysters went to culinary school! If there is a next time for me I'll be ordering the shrimp scampi. Every time they cooked up a batch the smell of sauteed garlic made my mouth water. All around great place. They're open 24/7 so I'd be curious to see what kind of crowds they have eating raw oysters for breakfast :)
No reservation, first come first serve. I waited over an hour and I have to say it was worth it. I'll wait even longerif I have to, just to get a bite a pan roast, dozen oysters and clams.  One of my favorite place. Gotta try it to know it!
This place is amazing! Pan roast. Gumbo. Lil got rolls.  Chowder.  Come hungry.  Leave stuffed.  Enjoy every single bite!
What can I say that hasn't been said yet!?!?!!? Came here around 4 with 5 gfs thinking we were coming at an 'off' time... yeah, we were wrong.  Still waiting an hr and 15 mins to get seated.  . . FYI- they don't skip people in line if ONE seat opens up and there's a group of 4 next in line.  So don't get upset if you say random seats empty... they're clearing it out for the next GROUP or PERSON in line.   At first we were like... WHYYYY are there open seats.. but then we realized.  . . We told the person that we would take seats of two or three or five-whichever opened up first!  . . The pan roast is AMAZING.  Level 8... I wish I got level 10 but we were sharing.  Ordered the rice on the side so that way all the sauce wouldn't seep into the rice right away- PLUS you can take leftovers to go!  . . The chef and employees are all amazing and super nice!  Can't wait to come back. This definitely will be a must every time I'm in Vegas from here on out.  . . Actually, my gfs and I are already planning to do a pan roast party at home, SOON!
Absolutely incredible. Great Cajun/Louisiana sea food cooked right in front of you. The only down side is the number of seats, so you have probably have to wait. But the food is well worth any wait. The oysters are great, and the etouffee or pan roasts are to die for. All of the reviews have said it all. If you're in Las Vegas, drop on by the Palace Station and have a great meal.
Some things are just worth waiting for.   . On a recent quick trip to Vegas with the bff we decided that we needed oysters.   We asked around and everyone kept saying Oyster Bar.   We Googled and yelped and quickly arranged a cab to see if it met expectations. . . We got there at 4:30 on a Friday.   We waited in line about an hour to be seated.   Perhaps hotel management could make this part a little less miserable?  My back aches when I stand too long and I'm not even that old.   C'est la vie,  we knew we would be waiting,  I just wish the wait was a little easier on the back. . . We were seated and the entire staff was friendly and helpful.   A roll appeared and I swear it was the best roll ever.   Or it could have been the wait.   We ordered a dozen oysters,  a few oyster shots and the palace pan roasted.   The oysters and shots came out quickly and we devoured them even quicker.   The selection of hot sauce was excellent and the oysters were fresh and plump.  The shots were Ok,  I've had better but I've also had much worse.   3 for $10 was fair. . . We ordered the pan roasted and split it.   They don't charge a split plate fee if you order $15 in appetizers so we were good.   Split plate fees bug me as a rule so that made me happy.   The pan roasted itself was creamy and rich.   It was amazing but there's no way either of us could have finished the bowl by ourself.   . . Ricardo was funny and fun to watch.   He made it look so easy and he kept us laughing.   I appreciated his multi-tasking skills,  he worked quickly and efficiently. . . Keep in mind that there are only 18 seats.   We had a few very nice people sitting there who were kind enough to move stools to allow others to sit,  but that was on their own accord.   It's quite a wait but totally worth it.
Ok sooooo I thought I left a review but I guess not... . . Got turned on this place by a buddy and now it's a mandatory stop whenever we r in Vegas . . Great service and everything except the chowder is made too order.. . Some of the dishes great pan roast , great bouillabaisse and chowder . . Haven't had a bad dish here yet... . If JJ is working ask him to make u his signature lava sauce for an extra kick
Combo Pan Roast FTW!!! Favorite place to eat in Las Vegas, hands down.
I got as close as I could get to Cajun cooking in Las Vegas. Chef Hollomon brought spicy and savory to the table and made the end of this epic night more incredible. We had 1/2 dozen raw oysters, which was better than anything I'd ever had. Then we shared the combo pan roast, which had shrimp, crab and lobster, and bouillabaisse, which was the perfect marriage of seafood all in one pot. I HIGHLY recommend this place for anyone who loves Cajun style cooking. On a sidenote, you can gauge the spice on a scale from1 to 10, depending on your preference. Enjoy this diamond in the ruff!
Pan roast combo. A new must when in Vegas. Blown away by taste. Ask for extra garlic. WOW!
Heaven!!! The pan roast is nothing I have ever tasted before.  So delicious.  Waited about an hour to try this place.  There are probably about 15 seats or so.  Expect a long wait but it is worth it.  Best oysters I have ever had.  They were plump and delicious.  This is a place we will be going to when we are Vegas.
So this is the original Pan Roast .... delicious!  Better than the one I had in Orange County.  Much better balance flavor wise, the other one in OC was too heavy w/the tomato taste.  I also got to try the Cioppino which is their seafood stew w/chunks of crab, shrimp, clams etc. . This place was great, tip, go here at 3am in the morning .. at least you won't have to wait long.
The oysters are fresh and the combo pan roast was fantastic. We walked right up and sat down at the bar. We came on the right night.
I went there last weekend, after not going for a few weeks.. It's often too long a wait, and it's a little too close to the strip for me to drive to on a Saturday.. Anyway, since I was alone, I got lucky and they sat me right away.. The oysters were very large, larger than I had remembered them, but still very good.. And the jambalaya was excellent, as I remembered.. The price was high (also as I remembered), but if you like Creole cuisine, I can't think of a better place in Las Vegas than this one.. They're open 24 hrs., so their chefs vary, but they are all quite competent.. There was a line for parties of 2, 3, and 4, because the bar only has about 20-25 seats, but if you are a patient person, it's worth the wait.. I'm a big fan.
Easily one of my favorite meals to have anywhere.. Oysters, and a Pan Roast(spicy) with a few beers. Only negative is the wait but for the quality of food, totally understood and expected.
Wow! First time trying their pan roast!! I am sure of it that this will be a hot spot every time we are in town!! You can choose your spice level! Rice or no rice... In the bowl or on the side!! Yum yum yum! Clam chowder was great and the cesar salad was good too! Must return!
Where have I been?  . . Oyster Bar gets a ton of great reviews from Yelp, some of my personal friends, and even my own parents.  Just Google Las Vegas Pan Roast and you get sent here to the Oyster Bar.  . . There's so many Yelp reviews about this place that my review is going to sound like a broken record.  So, I'll keep this one simple with bulletin points.. . -Service:  You read it and Yes, there's a wait. This is not because service is lacking.  This is because the Oyster Bar only seats about 15 and the food is as good as it gets.  Service is actually good here.  What takes a long time too is what I call "Linger Eaters".  These are people that take their sweet ol' time to eat.  The gf and I aren't "Linger Eaters" at all. However, if we are going to wait over an hour to eat, then we're going to take our time too.  . . -Pan Roast:  They're known for their Pan Roast.  My gf got this and allowed me sample it.  My goodness...everything that I read on these reviews were true.  Superb!!. . -Seafood Jambalaya:  This is what I got.  I haven't had Jambalaya in years and was in that mood, especially since the outside temps were dropping.  Overall...packed with mussels, clams, crab, lobster, shrimp, and rice.  Your taste buds will be confused with what it's tasting, but won't be confused whether it's good or not.  My taste buds just voted...pretty damn good.  . . -Clam Chowder:  Just about average, but you don't come here for chowder.  . . -Hours:  All Day, Everyday. . -Prices:  You get what you pay for.  Most dishes are about or over $20.  . . Okay, I didn't keep this review too simple.  But it's still bulletin pointed. Oyster Bar is one of those places that you have to try at least once.  Yes, the wait is long.  And Yes, it's in a smokey casino.  But if you're into gumbo, jambalaya, and overall good food, then Oyster Bar is your place. . . . YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (497/500)
Before taking us to Oyster Bar, my friend warned us that there's usually a long line for Oyster Bar. And boy, was there a line! We got there around 3pm (totally not peak hour) and still had to wait an hour. There's only a long wait because the restaurant is bar-like and only has around 17-20 seats. Not only that, the chefs cook your pan roast right in front of you!. . We ordered a dozen oysters ($19) and they weren't anything special. I actually prefer oysters elsewhere. The pan roast ($22) comes out in a HUGE bowl. You can definitely share with a friend, but they charge you ~$5 if share. You can order your rice on the side if you don't want it all mixed together. The pan roast is thick, flavorful, and filled with lots of seafood!. . I wish we had a seafood place like this in the Bay Area - I love seafood and I love the concept!
This is such a unique eatery, I'm surprised it's in Vegas.  It takes a while for the cook to make your food and there are only 16 seats bar styleat the counter.  Although the ambiance is meh (in the middle of the casino floor of a meh casino), the food and personalities of the cook and server totally make up for it.  We've been here multiple times, I think we've had all the cooks and servers who work here and there isn't a bad one.  The best thing on the menu is hands down the combo pan roast.  The combination of ingredients give the base so much depth.  I'm addicted to all things spicy and a spice level of 6 is good enough for me (but maybe it seems more spicy because the pan roast comes to me piping hot and I just want to scarf it down!)  We also get the oysters from time to time.  I've def had better, but these are not bad for the price and they are giganormous!   We always try to come at really random times to avoid lines (10:00 Sunday mornings is our secret).  If not, get ready to stand in line.
My husband and I ate here 2 days in a row. That's how good it is.. We had the seafood chowder and pan roast the first night and two pan roasts the 2nd day.. . Oh and of course we had a dozen oysters, caesar salad, and cheesecake.. . Everything's excellent except the wait!
OMG Batman get in here NOW!. So I love pan roast, I mean I love it! The pan Roast I had here was amazing! I took the fire level up to a 5 (1-10) and it was very good, next time I will go a 2 or 3. First time I have had this served with rice, interesting, but very good!. The oysters on the half shell? I almost fell out of my seat! They were large and super fresh and yummy!. This was a second attempt to eat here. The first time we had 5 in our group, this time just 2. So the bummer is, it really is just a bar, a small bar, maybe 20 seats in a half round.. I love watching the chef prepare food, it is just cool. The waitress was super nice and attentive, the food was amazing!. I'm from S.F so sea food is my thing and this place rocks.. Yes the casino is old and smokey, don't care, the food trumps it.. Parking was easy peesy (I did mention it is in a casino)... No reservations, might have to wait in a line, looking on and feeling growing stomach pains. I wish this were a tad bit bigger, not the best for a group (if you all want to eat at the same time) a single or 2 ppl is your best bet... I will be back!
The BEST! From the Pan Roast to the Jambalaya to the fresh cold seafood you can't beat this. They are now open 24 hours and if you get there and there is a line, you absolutely MUST wait, thinking no way? Trust me it is worth it, whether you are waiting for 15 minutes to 2 hours, you will be glad you waited. This is as good as it gets. We have coming here for many years and always make it a point to eat here. Even pack Tupperware to bring the pan roast home! Caesar Salad is great, oysters are amazing, JJ has been cooking here for years and Dolores?Such a kick, she doesn't miss a thing! Put this on your list and try it, you will not regret a moment.
The last time I had ate at this location was in 1999 so it had been truly a long time since I tasted this great food!  I had the Combo Gumbo with all the goodies and a tall tall beer which made it for a great Vegas lunch!  If I lived in Vegas this would be my spot!!!  Can't wait to go back soon, I hope!
WOW! I had to bust a less than 24 hour mission to vegas for business and the only thing I required was a good meal. Boy, did I get one. Let me start by saying, I found it on yelp and was eager to go until I put it in navigation and realized we were headed to "Palace Station Casino." We opted to go somewhere else because really how good can something be in a run down casino like that? We were SO wrong. . . Luckily, we got there around 2 on a random Wednesday. We waited about 20 minutes. I let the chef, Bob, know that we were first timers and he recommended the Combo Pan Roast. I had never even heard of Pan roast before, but according to Bob and yelp, it's a must order. WARNING: Bob likes to make it spicy. He says 7-10 is reallllly spicy, and I wanted to order a 7, but he talked me out of it and I got a 6 instead. It was still really spicy so beware! . . . we also ordered a dozen oysters on the half she'll and the New England Clam Chowder. . DON'T get the oysters! They were very fresh but super large and meaty. Not the way I like them. The clam chowder must have been the BEST CLAM CHOWDER I've ever had!!!!! That's saying a lot because I was just in San Fran! It was the perfect consistency and the flavor is superb. . . I'm back in LA and can't stop thinking of that Pan Roast! Holy Shit was it good!! Cannot wait to go back. THIS IS A MUST TRY FOR ALL SEAFOOD LOVERS!!!!
Allow me to preface by saying that this place is worth the wait. Hands down one of THE BEST meals I've had in my entire life. This is not an understatement. The dishes are too die for. I kid you not, I nearly cried/orgasmed with the sensation of joy of the fresh oysters, clams, and their hearty stewy dishes like the Boullabaise, the Gumbo, and the Pan Roast. OH the Pan Roast!. . It's a small little bar, so the wait can get lenghtly. Food doesn't come out quick either so add that to the equation and you got yourself a hefty line. Thank goodness it's 24/7! . . We started with the seafood combo of 3 large raw oysters, 3 large raw clams, and 3 shrimp cocktails. EACH was phenomenally delicious. Juicy of the sea, yet not fishy. Clearly, I was extremely impressed with this place. I loved the raw clams so much, I had to order a dozen more, and slurp them up with sauce, and fresh lemon squeezes. Heavenly.. . The Seafood Pan Roast was lovely. If you're like me and love a kick, level 6 is a good one. Huge crab, lobster, and shrimp meat - with a tomato spice flavor, it was inexplicably sooooo delicious. I do recommend requesting the white rice on the side.. . It's quite affordable for the luscious flavors and sinfully delicious experience you're gonna get. I already miss it. Take me with you!
The foods are really good even though we waited for 3hour 15 minutes.. It would be better if they move to bigger place
I came. I saw. I conquered. I know I'm a late bloomer, but for some reason I kept hearing about their pan roast! So I had to see what the deal was. Located inside thePalace Station, this Oyster Bar seats only 20 people I think. With raving reviews, you would have to come prepared to wait an hour or so. Don't come starving, because you'll be waiting a while. Trust me. It is well worth the wait.. . We got the infamous PAN ROAST and we tried to change it up to try multiple dishes and also got the ETOUFFEE. Pan Roast. It's all about the Pan Roast. The chef described it on the dot. It is like a lobster bisque with shrimp, crab, and lobster. They also add some rice with it as well. Mhm, and I love me some lobster bisque. You can also choose your level of spice in both dishes which ranges from 1 to 10. 6 is pretty on the dot if you want a nice kick, but not too spicy. . . The etouffee was delicious as well, in which I also highly recommend if you don't want the pan roast. However, it's just not strong enough to outshine that pan roast. The etouffee also had the shrimp, crap, and lobster.. . Pan Roast was $19.99 and Etouffee $17.99.. . I commend the chef for all his hard work, cooking all those dishes at once, non stop, and still able to keep the quality of the dishes top notch. He's truly a master of his craft. I definitely recommend this to be a place to try at least once, but even just talking about it now makes me crave for some pan roast!
