This is my new favorite late night eating spot in LV.  I used to have so much trouble finding a spot to eat when I was staying at the Wynn or Encore, since Fat Burger and Earl of Sandwich is so far away.    . . It's a long story on how I found this place, but it involves a rental car, spending $5 on a bottle of water and the Hoover Dam.  Anyway, this place is pretty awesome.  They have a Carne Asada Fries plate that is as big as your head (you can get a smaller version for half the price, but why do that to yourself? they're that good.).  The tacos and quesadillas are also really good.  My friend said the spicy pork tastes like chinese bbq pork and the quesadillas are not the ones that most people are used to.  It's more like a flat taco with a fried tortilla on top.  . . The staff here is really friendly too.  The guy making the tacos and cutting pork from the meat slab was having a conversation with almost everyone that came in.. . So if you're coming from XS, Tryst, Surrender, Blush, etc. and you're drunk or babysitting a drunk, then you should just walk to this spot.  There's also a good Mediterranean food place and a 24 hour Korean BBQ restaurant in the strip mall, so you have options.. . There is also a Tacos El Gordo in Downtown LV, but I'm not sure if it's still open.
awesome! Tijuana style tacos in Vegas, I thought I was dreaming when I saw the sign. So refreshing after days of expensive mediocre food and buffets with taco-bell style Mexican food (WTF???). . fresh made corn tortillas....grilled onions and peppers...amazing grilled meats and salsas. That's all you need.
Thank you Tacos el Gordo for bringing good TJ tacos to Vegas! I was so sad that I moved from San Diego to here. I miss the authentic Mexican food that can be enjoyed so conveniently near home. However, this is exactly what real TJ style tacos are about. The meat cut right in front of you, fresh ingredients, and homemade tortillas. The flavors are amazing, and that's something that can't be beaten. I wish the tortillas were a little bigger, but they pack them so well, it's almost unnoticeable. Great service too. SO AMAZING!!!
Tacos el Gordo Vegas style! I love that I can finally get good tacos without having to go to California. The set up is the exact same as you'd see at the San Diego locations. The adobada is amazing I have to get at least a couple whenever I come here and the carne asada is very flavorful without being dry like most in Vegas. . . The Vegas locations have carne asada fries too which I haven't tried yet but will the next time I go there (probably this week haha)
Alright! Everyone is a winner when Tacos El Gordo opens up a new location on the strip. Whether you're a tourist, drunk late at night, a poor college student, or just simply looking for a quick and affordable meal. Actually if you're staying at a casino on Tropicana and walking is your means of transportation then.. sorry, sucks to be you, but at least you have Earl of Sandwich at the Planet Hollywood. HOWEVERRR if you're a beast and can walk 4 blocks or so in triple digit heat then you indulge yourself by all means.. . Why I love Tacos El Gordo:. . 1. Corn tortillas that are slightly fried before you get them. 2. The asada is cooked when you order it (or at least in my experiences). That deserves a high five.. 3. ALL-YOU-CAN-DRINK HORCHATA for $1.40? Don't mind if I do.. 4. The spicy pork shawarma (adobada) looking thing, most definitely the star of the establishment. There is a slice of pineapple sitting on top of it, leaking all of its delicious juices into the delicious spicy pork. Plus you get a slice on pineapple added to the taco. . 5. Plenty of meat is given, along with the onions, peppers, and green sauce (I'm not sure if its guacamole or not). . 6. The bathroom is CLEAN! Be honest, you know how most cheap eats don't have the cleanest bathroom.. . They also have beef head (Cabeza), beef tongue (lengua), and tripe I believe. No chicken just in case you're wondering. Lastly aside from the tacos they have asada or adobada fries ($10), tortas ($4), and quesadillas ($4). All the essentials to a drunk meal.. . Random note: 3 tacos @ $2.00 each plus one drink comes out to be $7.99 after tax
WOW. . . Coming here after a night of drinking was a life changing, food experience. Everybody in the place was Spanish, so you know it's authentic. Maybe it was a good thing that they started speaking to me in their native language even though I didn't understand a dam thing cause I don't want the Gringo treatment.. . Make sure you get into the correct line. Go to the right for adobada, and the left for everything else. Some chica cut in front of me only to be told to move over (that's what you get, HA). All I said was "two", and the cook asked if I wanted everything on them. Of course! After warming the corn tortillas in some fat, He sliced some meat off of the rotating spit (the same kind they cook gyro meat on), and speedily added the onions, cilantro, and a green sauce. Spicy, greasy, crunchy, creamy...complete taco perfection. Hands down the best I've had.
Waited about 20 minutes before I was able to order my tacos. Got up to the front of the line and told the guy what I wanted. These guys are hustlers for real. They seem to enjoy doing what they do. Singing laughing cooking, etc. It was great seeing that. I was still buzzin from the night before so i couldnt wait to stuff my face with these tacos. Made right in front of you exactly how you want them. . . www.bomb.com!!!!!! Oh my lordy lordy lordy!!! Semi Greasy tortillas, lots of meat, the salsa is delicious. I ordered 5 tacos and in 5 seconds they where gone!!! Just great tacos over all. . . I just wanna use explamation points in this review because it makes me want to go back and eat more !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . woooooohhooo!!! Tacos el Godrizzy is for shiizzy.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE??!?!. . I'm from a state where REAL tacos like this doesn't exist. Taco Bell?? SCREW THAT!!. . This place is amazing!! Cow tongue taco?? Spicy pork taco?? Cow stomach taco?? Regular beef taco?? AMAZZING!!! but don't try the cow brain taco....yeah..it's not that great. But all the other stuff, AAAMAAZING!!!!!!!!!. . And so cheap!! Only $2 per taco?? That's insane! I'm so excited thinking about this place, I wanna go back.. . I WILL GO BACK!!
Would definitely recommend family and friends to eat here..  tacos taste just like they do in Tj but with out the kiddnappings,shootings and long border lines.. lol..  the lines there are kinda confusing but pretty much theres 4 stations , each one serving you different meats of the tacos you want... Once you get the tacos .you head to the register and pay...  just thought id put that  cuz we were confused on what to do..
Great place! The tacos are authentic! The basics are covered (Steak, Beef, Prok) so anyone can go and enjoy a fantastic taco, but what adds to the experience is that there are more adventurous options available as well. For example tongue, head meat, and brain!  They are all worth trying.  Make sure you get a plate of veggies! You get grilled spicy peppers and onions that you just eat with your hands as you eat the tacos! If you live in vegas it is a must to try and if you are visiting it is well worth the 5 minute cab ride from the strip.
Phenomenal! The Vegas location is just as good as the San Diego location, and the guy who took my order was terrific (so nice and happy that I knew about the SD location)! The adobada sopes are superbly delicious! The spices and sauces they use for their meat are different from every other Mexican restaurant that I've ever been to. It's pure deliciousness in each bite! Also, eating here won't hurt your wallet at all!. . That all being said, there is one thing I can't stand about Tacos El Gordo...and that's that there isn't one in Phoenix!! I woud be the first to jump on that ship if it ever set sail! . . Go eat here, people!!!. . To quote Tracy Jordan from 30 Rock.... . I want to take Tacos El Gordo behind the middle school and get it pregnant.
today i went on a food tour around town ...  and i first went to a Shanghai restaurant and this place is the second spot i stop in .... gotta tell ya it was just so good ...i ordered a cow brain taco, a pig stomach tacos and one carne asada taco .... the cow brain i dont really recommend it ,wish they coulda doing somethings better with the brain other than just boil it .... but the pig stomach and the carne asada was so good with grilled scallion and fried jalapeno and their salsa ....
A lot of people often wonder where to get authentic mexican food. This is total dive where you can find just that. I haven't tacos this authentic other than in mexico. They were really fantastic.. . The location is in a strip mall in one of the "dodgier" sections of vegas. There was lots of families eating there, so i felt safe. However, I did feel like I had to order all my food in spanish, because everyone there spoke spanish! Unfortunately at the time, I was getting my spanish and german confused.... so that was difficult.. . I got two adobada tacos and two asada tacos. I also got a can of fanta. It was about $10 for all this food. It was all incredibly delicious. Someone had commented that it tasted packaged- well, all guacamole consists of is mashed avocados with some other stuff like peppers and garlic, so most guacamole is pretty much the same.. . I definitely preferred the adobada tacos. I felt like they were more flavorful. Plus, the first thing you see when you walk in is a thousand layers of pork, on a spit. It sort of calls out to you ; ) Oh, and I"m pretty sure their tortillas are homemade. no store bought stale tortillas here : ). . really delicious, very authentic, I think most people will enjoy this place, unless you're used to your mexican food being somewhat fancier and covered in cheese and sauces. If you don't like authentic mexican fare, then i'd skip this place. Also, I stopped by on a saturday afternoon and it was quite crowded. I'm lucky to have found a table. That may be something to watch out for though.
We ended up here late at night after partying from a tip we got from our cabdriver from the night before.  I'm not sure how he ended up telling us about this place, but I am SO happy he did. . . It's not far from the main part of the strip, just a few minutes past the Wynn in this janky strip mall area, but you can't miss it since there is a big sign at the front of the building.  . . You walk in and order right from the guy making your taco/burrito/nachos/fries/meat, and you can watch them making everything fresh.  I was especially excited that they were pressing and cooking their own tortillas on the grill right in front of me.  The way they cook their meat reminded me of a churrascaria, including the pineapple heads on the ends.  You could see the juice dripping allllll the way down the meat as it cooked on the spit...oh man. *drool*. . We had just 1 carne asada fries to share between 3 girls and 1 carne asada taco to try.  This was more than enough food for us for our late night cravings.. . Forget the crap fast food places on the strip after drinking.  If you want legit Mexican food late at night after partying hard in Vegas, do yourself a favor and grab a cab and tell them to get you to this tacqueria.
My Las Vegas Foodcation had only three stops. Emeril's, Wynn Buffet, and Tacos El Gordo.  Tacos El Gordo was my friend Jorge's pick.  He kept going on and on about how great the tacos were.  He mentioned how they had these killer asada fries and how the tacos were authentic baja style.  So before we leave Vegas, the foodie brigade and I, (Rogelio, Jorge, and Blanca) make a stop at Tacos El Gordo.  This location was in a little strip mall and not in the best area on the Strip, but maybe that made the tacos better somehow.  As soon as you walk in the chaos hits you.  There are several lines and depending what you want to order, you stand in that line and order.  You get yourfood and then pay the cashier.  Figuring this out was hard, thank goodness for the adobada guy.  He took the time to explain it to me and even called me Chula.  He made sure he got my full order without having to stand in the other lines.  My friend took advantage of this and made me get his order to.  The food was delicious, but the stand out for me was the tacos de lengua.  I am really picky when it comes to eating lengua (tongue), but it was so juicy and delicious I had to go back in and order some more.  Although I had to wait a bit, the adobada guy chatted me up and remarked about how the tacos would taste just that much better after my wait.  . . Asada fries delicious...they have this really tasty creamy green salsa.  Tacos OUTSTANDING! oh and they have grilled green onions, jalapenos and chile gueritos...not the pickled variety but the yellow ones.  No one ever has those and those are my favorite.. . I looked up other locations and there are several in and around San Diego.  Next time I'm in San Diego I'm going to look one up and will keep a look out for any popping up closer to home.
BEST TACOS I'VE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!! SERIOUSLY! This place is amazing and cheap as hell! I went to friends wedding a few weeks ago and ate here four times in two days! The service is fast and friendly, bring your Spanglish skills though. At $2.00 per taco, how can you lose? I tried the Cabeza (face), Beef Shoulder and the Tripa (tripe). I made sure I was good and drunk first though as I've never eaten tripe before. It wasn't that bad at all though. This place is authentic as it gets. and the have cactus for the vegetarians as well. I highly recommend this place for those eating on a budget. It's in between the Riviera Hotel and The Encore.
I came to Vegas in a funk--  I was moody, irritable, high maintenance, stressed out, and basically being the breeziest b I could possibly be to my boyfriend and friends.  . . To add the topping to my cake of misery, we had to check out of the Palms after 2 hours of sleep, and move to....   CIRCUS CIRCUS.  I considered myself victim of the worst decision made by my group-mates trying to save some money.  . . For those of you who are unfamiliar with Circus Circus... It is a "family" establishment to bring your children and let them run rampant and screaming without supervision in a dingy, low-ceilinged, un-ventilated horror of plastic clowns that haven't been cleaned since they were installed.  If there was a space capacity, there must be some sort of fire ordinance because you are unable to walk through the lobbies without dodging families who have too many children to keep track of, underage girls who are trying to grow up too quickly, and vendors who are trying to sell you belts and accessories made in Vietnam.  2nd hand smoke and dirty money was my perfume of the day.. . So maybe you can understand my frustration about my predicament.  So when I yelped a nearby place to escape to, I settled on Tacos El Gordo.  This placed changed my entire perspective on the trip.. . . ADOBADA  ALL DAY ERR' DAY. . Holy-- I got Adobada Tacos, Adobada Quesadilla, and ordered some Carne Asada fries for the table. . . The staff runs a jovial assembly line, where you order your items and they each take an assignment.  It comes with grilled veggies (especially the green onions) which were so bomb I was eating them long after my stomach was maxxed out.. . The tacos had it RIGHT.  Perfect blend of all textures-- meat was savory, vegetables crisp, and tortilla fresh.  Quesadilla followed suit, and then topped off with my fries.  Best carne fries I have everhad.  Price was way too fair!  I tipped them 5 dollars in the jar because I was so impressed with everything.. . The workers were experiencing a mid-day lull in traffic, and each of them began cleaning everything-- I saw one of the ladies even get on a ladder and clean the ceiling. They were jamming out on their radio music, and singing loudly.  I loved the warmth!. . I walked out feeling like this trip could be good!  Staying at awful Circus Circus brought me within walking distance to this place, and I was instilled with hope.  If you are in town, you HAVE to go here.
It's nice to see an El Gordo on the Strip!  If I get a little too drinky, I can just take a taxi or the Duece to the north end o' the Strip.  As a tourista, I just feel a bit safer here than at the Gordo on Charleston.. . I was at Tacos El Gordo on a Saturday afternoon and decided to strap on the feed bag:  one adobada taco, one cabeza taco, and a smallorder of carne asada fries.. . Sadly(?), something got lost in translation between the beef guy and the fries guy and I received a grande order of carne asada fries.  Yikes.  They only charged me for a small order, but still.... . I devoured the tacos and made a pretty good dent in the carne asada fries.  Couldn't stop eating them, even though I knew I should.  . . Had to nap up for a couple of hours after getting back to the hotel due to a carne asada-induced coma.. . Lost a couple of hours of gambling time, but I won't hold it against Tacos El Gordo.  Everyone is very friendly, even to a gringo gordo such as myself.. . Five stars.
Had four meals here in three days. 2 dollars a taco. These seem authentic. Each order comes with a plate with hot peppers and green onion. Really notches up the spice. Limes and horseradish sides by the pop and straws. My favorites were the steak and spicy pork. Beef shoulder wasn't nearly as good...a little more dry.. . Each comes with guac, usually a condiment specific to the taco you get, onion, cilantro. . . If you want to really treat yourself, arrive when they open at 1030 AM and get the steak fresh to order. Great to have an alternative to the over-priced/under-valued food options on the strip.. . Highly recommend!
This is the place late night stop on the Strip. The prices are low 2 dollars per taco and 4 dollars for the specialty items such as the mulas (amazing) and the vampiro. I highly recommend the spicy pork which the cut off of the skewer right in front of you as you order.. . I asked the person preparing the food what makes these tacos authentic? his answer "no sour cream and The Sauce"  and he was right about the sauce it took the taco to a whole other level.. . You must try it #foodcrew
This place is in my TOP 5 of all time restaurants!!!. . I had the Spicy Pork sopas and that was on of the best foods I had ever eaten. I had 2 sopas, the beef tongue tacos and carne asada taco. If you are on the strip and want an explosion of flavorful food, this is definately the place to come. The spicy pork name comes from the spices that it is marinated in rather than a hot spicy marinate. I will be back whenever I come to town.
There are SO many restaurants to chose from on or near the Las Vegas strip, but none will give you as much ethnic dining authenticity- especially at a good value- as Tacos El Gordo!  Just like Abuelita used to make!  The only problem with this place is that they don't serve beer.  Anywhere else in the world, this would cost a taco shop a star in my book, but in Vegas, it's almost a welcome break!  . No need to repeat what others have said in detail: it's clean, it's friendly, it's fast, it's relatively inexpensive, and it's delicious!
Quite possibly the best tacos in the world.  Of course it was 3 am, and everything tastes good then.  the $4 for 2 tacos were more satisfying than the $60 meal I had six hours earlier
Cheap.. Friendly.. Delicious.. Period!
YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY, I got love in my tummy!  This place rocks! I have to say, we almost skipped over this place, it just sort of gave me the eh, who cares vibe. Boy am I glad we tried it anyway! The prices are good and the food is awesome, plus these guys were open in the wee hours of the morning. SMART. I will be back!
Best tacos ever. Period. The manager or owner was very welcoming. He gave us free samples of all the different meats. I was very pleasantly surprised by the pork stomach and the cow tongue. The spicy pork tacos are a must. They are cooked on a rotisserie like a gyro yummy
Freakin awesome food and great prices, stopped by while walking down the strip, pleasantly surprised by awesome food and good prices
I used to not be a fan of Mexican food but living in Vegas it's hard not to. . . My friends and I came in craving tacos, and boy we went to the right place. Ordering was a bit confusing though because you order different things from different "stations." The grilled stuff, like carne asada, you should order on the far left and the adobada line is where the giant pork leg is being shaved off, and anything else is on the other side adjacent to it. I was very lost the first time I went there. . . I got lengua, carne asada and pork adobada tacos for $2 each. They include (or you can ask for) the grilled green onions and chili's, which are freakin' awesome! The service was fast and very friendly. They help out those who are obviously having a hard time ordering (like moi). I know they have other stuff on the menu aside from tacos, but I don't pay much attention since their tacos are the main attraction. I guess I'll try their carne asada fries next time.. . This place is open late, until 5am on Fri & Sat. That's why after clubbing, my friends and I go straight to this place and get our late night (early morning?) grub on.
The best Mexican food we have had outside of Cabo.  And very reasonable prices.  The best meal we had in Vegas.
Bomb.com!! . . After a great concert my hunger was high, and a yelp search happen to come across a taco spot on the strip that seemed letigimate and authentic.....  Grab a taxi and request Tacos El Gordo. Right at the tip end of the strip on this strip mall location (across from a walgreens) we reached our destination I open the door and the whiff Mexico tacos! You know the ones you would smell when you'd go across the border before all the violence?! Yes! Those! . . The BF and I ordered:.       -a carne asada Mulita (it's like two tortilla's with melted cheese, guacamole, steak pieces, cilantro, onions, hot sauce).      -Two carne asada tacos (beef steak tacos).      -Two lengua tacos (tongue): super good, just the way lengua should be, be cautious of the green hot sauce which is flavorful but spicy! .      -El Vampiro (this was similar to the "mulita" but the tortilla crispy/burnt like and I don't think it had melted cheese). . . The tortillas are freshly made so the taste is delicious. Warm, not tough, soft tortillas.... Also note the tortillas are small.. . It is very small on the inside but have more seating available on the outside. . . You come out with a happy filled belly and your long locks smelling like tacos.... Oh yeah and its extremely affordable. . . Hidden gem on the strip of Vegas when in search of good cheap food! I will definetely be coming back!
I've never tried tacos at an authentic place and I loved it! I would definitely come here again if I come to Vegas again. My favorite was the beef, but I loved the beef tongue as well. Try the spicy pork too! And the $10 fries are huge. They could definitely feed 3 people.
This place has awesome asada tacos. They are filled with avacado and salsa. This restaurant stays open till 3am on weekdays and 5am on Friday and Saturday night making it the best after-party stop.. . This has become my favorite taco place in vegas. The carne asada tacos are awesome. I stopped there for lunch and later after going to a club stop there for dinner. this place is a great place to stop after a long night . it's open till 5 o'clock in the morning on friday and saturday nights and 3 o'clock in the morning on other nights of the week. my only complaint is the meat later on at night is fatty.
What's the formula forgood, low cost tacos in Vegas? Start with fresh-made tortillas and a variety of meats from carnitas to steak, add in a super friendly staff with plenty of smiles and suggestions, top it off with a sparkling clean visible kitchen filled with mexican music from a jukebox and you have a big winner. The al pastor with a mild avacado based salsa and a thin slice of roasted pineapple is just like being in Mexico City.  Inexpensive and good - a rare combo in Las Vegas (especially at the CES convention week).
Look at all the 4 and 5 star reviews! need I say more? ok.....: I had to travel to Cali to get decent Mexican food in my belly, after living here for 10 yrs I discovered this place with help of a friend and OMG! THIS IS HANDS DOWN THE BEST TACOS IN LAS VEGAS! take it from a Mexican...I know! . . .....why are you still reading? go get some tacos! now!
When you're in Vegas !! Must Try Tacos el Gordo!. . The BEST Mexican Food ever!! . . Everything Fresh & made to Order: tacos, quesadillas, vampiros, etc.. Cheap Eats $2 Tacos $4 Quesadillas/Vampiros. . Next time I'm in Town~  I will Definitely  Eat Here Again!
Best value in Las Vegas.
Awesome tacos! The steak and spicy pork are the bomb! Tried the Mexican candies, similar to the Chinese candied fruits. Really sweet but good. Restaurant is kept real clean even the tables outside. The bathroom is spotless!
Pure delicious awesomeness. Where else can you get cow tongue, brain, and head tacos? Don't worry, they also have excellent (normal) beef and pork options. Very nice people too. When I was told that they don't have tamales, asweet employee even gave me one of hers that she brings in for her fellow coworkers. Skip the overpriced casino eateries and grab a couple of tacos for just $2 each (and you might even get a free tamale).
This is by far my favorite taco shop in the states, and that is probably because my all time favorite is the Tacos El Gordo in Tijuana. For some authentic & delicious tacos this place is a must, plus you can't beat the prices for the amount of food you get. I was in Vegas for 48hrs and literally managed to eat here on 3 separate occasions, and I plan for next trip to have a layover in Vegas just so I can stop thru and get my fix.
DAMN, this place is good!
Adobado.  That's the only word you need to remember.. . After a loooong night at XS,  we were too hungry to even think about sleep.  Generally, we'd hit up Earl's, Grand Lux, Ellis Island, or any other 24/7 places around the strip.  This time around, a friend from UNLV told us we gotta try this tacos place out.  There was no way I could've refused since tacos are one of my favorites and we figured... gotta trust the locals!. . After a short drive, and it really is a short drive from Wynn properties, we were there and it was still packed at 5am.  Two lines, one for adobado and one for everything else.  The reason there's a line for the adobado is that the spicy pork is cooked on a vertical rotating spit, just like how it would be in Mexico!  The pork is shaved directly onto fresh warm tortilla, then they add all the toppings for the tacos: lime green cream sauce, salsa, onions & cilantro.. . The spicy pork has a ton of flavor and the cream sauce just works so well with the salsa and the pork.  Oh!  Also, if you look closely you'll see a chunk of pineapple at the top of the vertical spit.  You can actually request to have pina in your taco!  Definitely wouldn't have known if it wasn't for our friend and that sweet warm pineapple inthe taco was definitely what makes this taco one of the best I've ever had! . . We also shared some carne asada fries.  I've lived in San Diego for a few years and I have yet to find carne asada fries comparable to the ones I've had in SD.  Tacos El Gordo's fries do come close though!  Fries are covered with carne asada, shredded cheese, and the same lime green sauce with a few dollops of guac!  Heavy, yes, but very much needed after 6+ hours at XS :P. . So glad my first Mexican food experience in Vegas was such a legit one.  El Gordo is now a must.  Affordable and tasty, can't get better than that!
When I woke up today, I was hungry and craving tacos from Tacos El Gordo. It makes me seem like a super fatty, but I don't care. Damn, these are good tacos. Admittedly, I had them for the first time, exactly 13 hours ago. I fell in love with these tacos. Hard and quick. I'm pretty sure I fell in love with it even before I ate. Probably fell in love when I got our of my car, and could already smell the food. . . The adobada tacos were amazing. We also ordered the carne asada fries, bu half carne asada & half adobada. The carne asada had good flavor, but was burnt. I don't know if I would order the carne asada again. . . The line on the right is to order pork, the line on the left is to order everything else. . . I'm not a big fan of corn tortillas, but Tacos El Gordo has changed my mind about it. Definitely get the pineapple on your tacos. I'm not a big fan of fruit on my food, but i just adds another great element to these tacos. It also has this green sauce on it, of which I am not sure what it is, but it's good. Each taco has plenty of meat, so be prepared to get full. . . Just a tip - grab plenty of napkins. As good as the tacos are, it gets very messy when you eat them. Plenty of oil and sauce will be dripping down your hand, and probably down your arm as well - so be sure to roll up your sleeves.
This is the best Mexican food I have ever tasted. I know that's not saying much at all since I hail from NYC, but bear with me.. . The tacos run you 2 dollars and are stuffed with meat, guacamole, salsas, onions, cilantro, and so much ugh. I ate about 6 - tongue, beef head, spicy pork, tripe (THE BEST!), carne asada, beef shoulder. They were all good, except maybe the beef shoulder because it reminded me too much of my homestyle Russian food. The tripe was the star though, with the intestines fried to a crunchy yet still a bit chewy perfection. In addition to the tacos, I also tried a carne asada quesadilla. My only knowledge of quesadillas being those flattened, depressing (yet still delicious) things in Taco Bell, I was mindblown. Everything had such a great flavor and texture.. . They serve grilled peppers and scallions on the side for free, which have a great flavor. Also on the side for you to grab at your leisure are radishes and lime pieces. Mexican fountain sodas are also available but I didn't like any of the flavors, and was upset that they didn't have Jarritos.. . Next time I come back to Vegas, I'm definitely eating here again, and saying hi to my Mexican bro with whom I conversed in my rudimentary Spanish.
What a treat to find good Mexican food on the Las Vegas strip. I tried it the other night and it was just like the good stuff you find on the taco trucks in Californica (ha ha). These are the authentic little 2 to 3 bite size tacos that has that flavor that keeps you coming back for more. Prices are insane for what it is and that is another reason I will be back. Good food, good price, decent little hangout for late night dining. Try it out Amigos!
We went here twice on our trip to Las Vegas.  We were staying at the Trump Hotel, so this place was within a very short walking distance and the price and quality of food was great!  Highly recommend the Adobado Tacos and the Adobado Nachos as well.  Extremely cheap for where it's located.
Visiting Vegas and found Tacos El Gordo on Yelp. So happy that I did! Huge 2 dollar tacos, quesadillas and fries, (no burritos), your choice of cow head, tongue, brain, tripe, steak, or spicy pork. I'm not an expert on Mexican food but I've eaten my share- this is pretty authentic, huge portions, super cheap, and most important: incredibly delicious! They also sell Mexican soda flavors like Horchata. Ended up going back again and again. This will be a stop whenever I'm in Vegas from now on.
In the town of overpriced bland food, this place breaks both molds.  All the reviews for ABODABO are for good reason.  Watch the guy shave it off with a machete as juices drip off the pole-o-meat.  I also got a lengua taco and an asada taco... Both solid a d tasty. The salsas remind me of homemade salsas I've had from old Mexican women... Fresh and full of flavor.  And the tortillas are made right in front of you.  Just go already!
BEST Mexican taco shop I've ever been to!!! . . The staff is extremely friendly and generous! They pretty much remember you after the first time you visit. We went there almost every day when we visited for a week. Perfect for lunch on your way to the strip.... or on your way home at 3am (hangover prevention). :) . . The carne asada tacos are out-of-this-world! Flavorful beef, guacamole, onions and cilantro on their homemade corn tortillas. The quesadilla is also amazing!! Tried both in a corn torilla and flour tortilla - both equally delish! . . They also serve roasted peppers and green onions as a side with your taco or quesadilla. Not sure what to do with those but just ate it separately... they are soaked in butter and good! :). . Dont bother with fancy restaurants on the strip... try this place!!! :)
SPICY PORK TACOS!!!. . Great street tacos, $2 a piece.
These tacos are fierce! make sure you get al pastor tacos with todo! they still dont beat the tacos my Abuelita makes! boo yah!
Spicy tacos were fantastic. Carne Asada tacos were great too. Cheap eats and great quality.  The staff was great.  Quick in and out.
Best tacos in all of Vegas! And the carne asada french fries are to die for, easily serves 3 people.
I was sooo excited when I found out they had Tacos El Gordo in Vegas and not just San Diego.  Needless to say I stuffed my face and left with a happy fat belly. Come here if you're craving TJ tacos minus the chorro.
We were staying at the Encore and we were on our way to Kim Chi right around the corner and were intrigued by this restaurant so we decided to pass on $28 per plate korean bbq and had us some tacos and carne asada nacho style fries.  This place did not disappoint at all Yes I agree the set up is a bit confusing but everybody was super nice, there is hardly any seating and it's always packed so take it to go.  I got the usual carne asada and I also had the al pastor.  I cant wait to go back to Vegas
Amazing spicy pork and carne asada tacos!
Best tacos!
Craving TJ style tacos at 4 AM while on the Vegas strip?  This is the place to be for your taco craving in the City of Sin.  Finally, I found a place in Vegas who serves street tacos and is open after a night of drunken bliss.  We stumbled into there about 4 AM and saw the line pouring outside the door on a Saturday night/Sunday morning.  A crowd mainly comprised of Latin descent and a good mixture of other cultures was a clear indication that this was the place to be for authentic street tacos.  . . READ THIS PORTION CAREFULLY!!!!!. . Okay so when you make your approach to the restaurant you need to determine what kind of tacos you want.  From what I remember (I was pretty inebriated), there were three UNIDENTIFIED lines.  Starting from the left as you face the kitchen, line #1 consisted of the carne asada line.  You tell your order to the taco chef but be aware that the designated lines represent the specific type of meat you want on your food.  Line #2 is the adobada line, and #3 is the tripas and cabeza line.  There were other types of meats but I can't remember which line you can get them at.. . So if you are a taco eating machine like myself, you want to try all the meats strictly for the purposes of providing fellow yelpers a true, well educated opinion on the good and the bad of services provided to the general public, more specifically an educated opinion from me regarding street tacos.  Not to nurse your future hangover in Vegas, because hangovers NEVER happen in the City of Sin.  . . Unless you only want one type of meat on your tacos, be sure to tacticallly plan your approach to the taco masters and be sure you are in the right line.  Unfortunately we learned the hard way and did not split our resources to different lines.  We ordered the asada tacos and had to fall in the tripas line to score my tripas, cabeza, and adobada  taco fix.  I wasn't  going to fall in the herrendous adobada line, so I worked smarter not harder and had someone much better looking than me who wore heels and had bigger and better goods for these taco guys to look at than my taco eating mug place the adobada taco order even though she was in the tripas line.  Apparently it worked because we scored what we wanted.  Till next time Tacos El Gordo.....We shall meet again and hopefully I won't have to resort to the egotistical motto that women always get what they want and how men use them.
Doesn't get any better, only different.  Vampiros are the bomb!
I am from Los Angeles, home of Mexican food restaurant heaven.  And I love tacos.  These are BY FAR the BEST tacos I have ever had.  THE BEST.  The Mulas are also amazing.  The tacos azteca are OUT OF THIS WORLD.  Fresh handmade corn tortillas and they are generous with the toppings.  I can't recommend this place enough.  They are open late and worth that late night cab ride over to have a perfect snack or really anytime of day if you are looking for great authentic Mexican tacos.  Seriously, I dream about this place and count my days anytime I'm going to Vegas just so I can go here!
Wow... Freakin wow... These are hands down THE best tacos I've ever had. . . They have this huge rack of meat cooking and when they scrape off pieces for your taco I could see all the juices ooze out of it in slow motion! It was soo beautiful, gracefull, even magical... The way the natural juices glimmered and sparkled from the ceiling lights. It was love at first sight, I had dreams about that for nights to come.. . The tacos are best enjoyed with some lime and salsa (green and red) with some of the thicker guacamole they have. Be warned that it will get messy as the tacos deliciousness will drip all over the place.. . Honestly I would return to Vegas just for these tacos alone! Trick the nightclubs, the shows, the strip clubs, it's all about these tacos right here...
Legit, no frills, delicious tacos.  All for $2 each.  Need I say more?
I am not one for organ meat at all.  Then again I never had Tacos El Gordo.  After years saying I would not try cow brains, i gave in because I found someone who actually sold it and I finally had my chance.  Holy smokes, it was weirdly delicious because it was delicious but it was still brains.  After being blown away, I tried the other meats, like tripas (I hate tripas) and loved it.  I recommend the mulas.  Get the mulas, get the mulas.
Very good carne asada tacos. I went on may 5th to  celabrate the  Mexican holiday. The whole 2 line thing is a little weird,but the staff was very helpful. I can't wait to go back and try the spicy pork tacos.. ***update-I went back a few days later and tried the spicy pork tacos .They were awesome I can't stop thinking about them. I could eat them all day every day .I have a new addiction and my body craves them.
WOW. WOW. WOW. I frequent the actual original location in TJ and this place has a bigger menu and OMG it is even better than TJ! Salsa is delicious, juicy limes, quesadillas and mulitas de al pastor is the ONLY way to go. I also tasted the carne asada which was flavorful and juicy, the chorizo was GROSS. I had much better chorizo from the TJ location for sure. $2 for tacos, $4 for mulitas and quesadillas and $10 for carne asada fries that feed an army of 5 or  a few very drunk people. I think that Tacos Mexico down the street will go out of business any day now since this place came into town.
WOW! This place was absolutely amazing the spicy pork tacos were great.  I highly recommend the sopes with the spicy pork or carne asada they were unbelievable with the cooked onions and the jalapeno peppers, definitely the best mexican taco joint i've ever been to.
If I knew I had one day left to live in Las Vegas, I would do a lots of things.  One of these things would be to walk up to the carnitas that's slowly cooking at Tacos El Gordo and take a big bite out of it.  I imagine the workers would tried to restrain me, and as this is happening, I would attempt a second bite out of the pineapple on top.  . . This is a hidden gem on the strip (maybe not so hidden since there are so many reviews??)  I came here in the middle of the day on Wednesday and had 5 tacos.  2 Carnitas (of course), 2 Carne asada, and a chorizo (this is great, I feel like it goes unnoticed amongst other things).  I also ordered the nopales (cactus).  I think vegetarians would really appreciate this dish.  They serve the tacos with grilled green onions.  Parking was easy but it was a random hour.  I can't imagine what happens to this place on a weekend night.. . Good job Tacos El Gordo.  You have a funny name (translates to Tacos The Fat).  But I will return regardless of your silly name.  Adios muchachos!!!
Tacos El Gordo is one of the only establishments to sell the meat that I have oh so adored ever since my trip to Rosarito that I loved and will never forget. And that saying a lot since I was sent to the drunk tank that very same day (not my fault, drunk person grabbed me and dominoe effect, voila!).. . Anyways, al pastor...spicy porn rotisserie style greatest mexican meat ever. They have the perfect blend of herbs, sauces (some type of creamy guacomole), meat, and double tortilla which they heat up first. Tacos are 2 bucks but so worth it, I always get four. Right after the taco joint across the street from Papa's and Beer's, Tacos El Gordo is my second favorite taco. . . They have other interesting meats too like intestines if you are feeling adventurous. However, don't get the vegetarian quesidillas...my friend happens to be a vegetarian and they charged him full price for a meat quesidilla when there was only cheese..... . Sort of hard to find, go down Las Vegas Blvd past Encore and you will see it on your right if you are heading towards Circus Circus. Great place to stop by after XS, just make sure that they are open before you walk there...as you can see I have made this mistake before.
Stopped here for lunch following a morning of training near the strip.  I had read the reviews on this place for a while and always had wanted to try it.  People, listen, if you want good Mexican street tacos, come to this place.  Had two al pastor tacos and one carne asada.  They were awesome!  A bit on the small side, like mexican street fare, but at two bucks a taco, you can get filled for ten bucks.  Good luck trying to find a deal like that anywhere else on the strip that isn't commercial fast food.  next time, and yes there will be a next time, I'm going to grab some asada fries, because these other yelpers keep going on and on about them.
Ding ding ding! Winner winner taco dinner.. . Do you like tacos? Of course you do, everyone does. This place is the bee's knees man. Went here on a Saturday night, and while it was busy, the service was quick, the food was fresh, and the taste was superb. Would I go back? Indeed I would, and I will. . . I highly recommend the Pork Quesadilla, a little pricier than the $2 tacos at $4, but twice the size and twice the meat, well worth it. Not traditional though, it comes with cheese, grilled green onions (yum!), salsa (fresh and spicy, so gooooood), and  some sort of sour cream-ish type sauce (also awesome), and topped with a tostada shell (small, but a little extra crunchiness never hurt anyone). Everything is made right in front of you, including the corn tortillas. I had both carne asada and the spicy pork, both of them spectacular. Saw someone else eating the carne asada fries, and while $10 is a bit pricey, it's probably worth it given the portion size. . . Looking forward to going back and getting more Gordo.
i came here for lunch today after checking out from Aria and it was my first time, but it was so good. I wasn't even hungry but still managed to scarf down two tacos. The guy slicing our meat was super friendly and nice... that made me love the place even more. . . I asked my bf to get me foil so i could save my last taco for the car ride home. While I was attempting to wrap it, one of the lady's that worked there came by and helped me, but because I'm dumb I thought the shiny side of the foil was suppose to be covered... apparently I'm wrong! She took my tacos and had the guy wrap it for me. . . that's what i call customer service, and it left me with a smile. i hope they read my review and know that I really appreciate great customer service. I never asked for help but she passed by and just helpedme... like so motherly!!. . come here, you won't regret it!! the workers all looked so happy and really nice. in LA a lot of taco establishments are kind of nerve wrecking to walk in especially some of the king taco's I've been to.
Tacos El Gordo, where have you been my entire life?. . I am practically beside myself with joy knowing that I can get tacos this good outside of LA. This is the real deal, with a Tijuana pedigree, and it's wholly unlike anything Americans have been trained to expect from a taqueria.. . But the first time you see that adobada roasting on a spit topped with a large chunk of pineapple... You know this is different.. . You walk up to the meat you want to order, which is a little odd and not entirely convenient but I suppose charming in its own way.. . I had the adobada, served with a slice of pineapple, avocado crema and onions and cilantro, a perfect flavor profile; the carne asada is topped with chunky, fresh, bright green guacamole and pico de gallo, a less exotic but equally tempting presentation.. . The asada is cooked right in front of you. The adobada is sliced to order. The tortillas are formed and cooked seconds before the meat is piled on. It couldn't get any fresher.. . And along with your tacos, you get a big pile of grilled jalapenos and ceballitos (roasted green onions), making this an even better value - I can't believe that all of is goodness is just $2 a taco. On the Strip no less.. . This place is such win. I need to go back, like - now.
Just look at the pictures I posted!!! A picture is worth a million words! Best efing tacos hands down. Your taste buds can't afford to visit Vegas and not savior these tasty slices of heaven. Must go!!!! The server is awesome by the way!
Quick tip: The line on the  middle right is for pork tacos only but you can still get carne asada fries there and believe me folks, you want those fries. . . Some people have acid flashbacks, I had a taco flashback to being 18 and partying it up in Rosarito beach and eating a delicious drunky taco. 100%, totally, undeniably legit pork tacos. I love that people say that the carne asada fries are "really big, enough for 2-3 people," yeah or enough for one drunk person at 3am. . . We came on a Monday at 2pm and the line went out the door. Be willing to wait, your taste buds will thank you for it.. . Twenty bucks will buy you four tacos, one carne asada fries and two drinks. Where else in Vegas will you eat this good for that cheap? That was a rhetorical question.. . Last note: Leave the staff a tip, they work their asses off and do it with a huge smile.
This place is THE BOMB!!!!  A MUST, WHEN IN VEGAS. ADOBADA AND LENGUA ARE MY FAVS. The asada is nothing special.
Thank you yelp for introducing me to this delicious taco place!!. . I tried three different tacos, but the pork (adobado) was by far the most flavorful.. . I also had the horchata that came out of a fountain. It was really sweet so I highly suggest diluting it with water and ice to make it a lighter refreshing summer drink.. . Order at the open kitchen and pay at the cashier on the right. Line was super quick and food delicious and cheap. Double win.. . Outdoor seating is available.
WOW! I wish we had Tacos El Gordo back in LA.  I came here for the first time yesterday and i was impressed.  . . My boyfriend and I ordered al pastor tacos and I ordered a suadero quesedilla and suadero tostada.  The al pastor meat was delicious, and I love how they put sliced pineapples on their tacos it was the perfect combination.  Their Grilled green onions and chilles were good too! Everything here was fresh and made to order.  Even their tortillas were made from scratch.  Another plus about this joint was unlimited refills of horchata.  the drinks were only $1.40 the Al pastor tacos were only $2.00, the Suadero tostada was $2.00 and the Suadero Quesedilla was $4.00.   . . We left Tacos El Gordo full and satisfied.  We will be coming back our next visit to vegas.  This place is amazing and service is quick and friendly.
i just made my way back from Vegas and like the blackjack table and the pool, i had to make my way to tacos el gordo.  still the best tacos i've ever had and not very far from the strip (a block past Encore).  This place is simply a must try for anyone who even remotely likes tacos or authentic Mexican food.
Love it! Not stingy with the meat n cheap! Can't beat it :)
Ok, seriously... the best lengua tacos ever!!!! Tender, flavorful, and a little kick from the green salsa. I also tried the tripe, but it was too crunchy and hard for my liking. Orange cream soda also topped it off, but the lengua taco?? A definite must. And cheap!
Delicious!  Just absolutely delicious!  I knew that although its still on the strip, there ain't a gringo in sight.  The first thing you'll notice upon arriving is the aromas of freshly made tortillas, al pastor, asada, grilled scallions & peppers, and a long ass line!  Once you combat the line of indigenous personnel and finally get to order, go hard guys...go hard!. . Our spread consisted of al pastor, tripas, lengua, & stomach....all of which are gracefully wrapped in freshly made tortillas that melt-in-yo-mouf!  I couldn't stop talking about these tacos even weeks after my virgin visit, but has since been a must have every time I visit Lost Wages.  . . Don't let the long lines discourage you, as a delicious reward will be awaiting at the end....oh did i mention they give you complementary grilled scallions and peppers?  And as much of it as you want!  Having said that, be sure to chase each taco bite with a slurp of grilled scallion "noodles" and a grilled pepper.....you've now discovered the best fucken tacos, prolly in the wasted state of Nevada!  Pictures are included...
Awesome tacos! I was one of three white guys in the place and I was wondering what some of stuff on the menu was. If you squirm when out of your comfort zone, this may not be for you...as the Beef Tongue and Beef Head tacos spanked the pork taco!  PS. It is only the Asada line that is to the left...I finally figured that one out.  Everything else is available in the right-side line. I could have gone here everyday I was in Las Vegas. I hope to get back.
Best food on the strip!!!  . Street tacos at their best!!
So, this trip to Las Vegas was essentially a post-deployment treat - one that I went on by myself as to get the freedom to do whatever the heck I wanted - including playing 20 straight hours of poker at the Wynn, which is the reason I found Tacos El Gordo - which I believe means Fat Tacos.. . 2 a.m., I drunk, walking down the street - just about the only tacos I was going to get to eat at that time was a real one - and I wasn't going to complain.. . Stepping into Tacos El Gordo is to be transformed from Las Vegas to Tijuana - in fact, the owner says they are formerly from Tijuana, which I often visited as a kid. Dirty, scuzzy, and authentic - that's about the only things I can use to describe this place. . . Although there are about eight different types of tacos - each costing about $2.50, I opted for the stomach and tongue tacos - both culinary delights I'd learned to eat having grown up in Southern California.. . In my best Spanish, which I failed both in college and high school, I ordered two of each, and an Horchata (a milky, cinnamon drink). The guy behind the counter looked at me with amusement, and in lightning speed, whipped up two of each. After paying for it all and putting a few bucks in the tip jar, I went to my seat only to be summoned back and given an extra side of meat. . . "Shoulders," he said. "Try it.". . I tried it and instantly fell in love (the next day I came back and ordered more) - it was not only flavorful and full of spices, one could almost taste the nutty, meaty taste of the cow cheeks. I was in taco heaven.. . Onto the tongue and stomach, however: stomach tastes exactly the way you'd expect it to - a bit slimy, but flavorful with a hint of bitterness. No worries - a bit of lime and salt takes away the flavor that you might not be used to. I quickly wolfed it down and then tried the tongue.. . Subtly beefy - that's the only way I can describe it. Tender, moist, and full of flavors, it also packed a beefy flavor that no way in hell Taco Bell could deliver - new 100 percent meat be damned. It's also a light meat - that is, it's beef, but doesn't come with the heaviness that beef often is known for. It is, in a sense, as soft and gentle as a baby's sigh - heavenly goodness.. . I washed it all down with the drink I mentioned - the sweetness cleaning my palate with each swallow, allowing me to go back to the tacos and tasting everything packed in it each time.. . The next day, I went back for more. In fact, during my eight-day stay, I ate at Tacos El Gordo five times - each time leaving me satisfied, but also longing for more.. . If you do go there, I recommend the tongue and the shoulder tacos. I also recommend the Horchata. What's more - get the little vegetables that are left to be eaten over a bed of ice. They are meant to cleanse your palate. Take a bite of it after each bite of the tacos (or if you're like me you shove the entire taco in your mouth), and I promise you'll be ranting and raving about this place, too.. . Another note: do leave a tip. These people work really hard, and they do a good job serving. You're in Vegas - you're going to splurge anyway. Might as well make someone's day.
Best tacos in town! I've been to TJ and yes this is pretty damn close to the same flavor you get in Baja Mexico! . . I tried the carne asada and adobada tacos = delicious!. . Order first, pay at cashier and then find your table.. . This place is doing so well, they added two outdoor patios and just bought out their neighbor's space.
Food was fresh, tasted good, and prices reasonable.   Everyone inside was very nice. They even went out of there way to help bandage up a passing homeless man who was bleeding.
TACOS EL GORDO.  : DEM FAT TACOS. . This was one highlight of my vegas trip LOL. . I ate at this joint one hour before day 2 of electric daisy carnival..  Stupid idea, but amazing food. . . The breakdown:. . 40 minutes to get our food in the most hectic line I've ever seen.. . . $10: Campechano fries - Adobada y Carne asada on top of fries topped with cheese & guac. (Spicy pork and Steak). $2.25 each: 3 Tacos de Lengua. (tongue). $2.00 each: 3 Tacos de Tripa (Tripe). $2.00 each: 3 Tacos de Adobada (spicy pork). . Every taco was off the hookk, especially the Campechano fries.  . Also the drinks were awesome, I've never had horchata like that.. . If I'm back in vegas, this will be one of my first stops
Great tacos! They go perfect with the "tamarindo" agua fresca.
holly shit I found them on yelp, and its the same mother fuckers from TJ! No joke! Some one actually loved the tacos El Gordo in TJ enough to venture up with them in Vegas. Well they taste almost the same except for the price of course, but who cares, I had the Al pastor/adobada and it was spot on, great tacos! Also had the AL pastor fries and they were damn good too! If you have been to the one in TJ you are going to love the one/s in Vegas. Best Al pastor tacos I've had this side of the boarder.
Was in Vegas in March...this place is awesome.  The spicy pork taco is pure crack.  If I have kids, I would sell my first born to have another spicy pork taco.
So I was in Vegas with my wife. We didn't want to spend $50+ on overpriced, average food (if you haven't noticed the prices on food in restaurants in Vegas has gotten outrageous).   So I checked out yelp for some good cheap eats. Tacos El Gordo pops up as the #1 or #2 spot. We decide what the hell, let's go check it out. . . Verdict: not only is their Adobada pork taco the best taco I've ever had, their Adobada pork sope was even more ridiculous. Look, i eat Mexican a lot. My wife is Mexican and I know authentic Mexican food. This place shits on every taco you've ever had. It's that good. The carne asada was above average but in hindsight I wish I would have skipped it and gotten more Adobada tacos or sopes. If you don't know what a sope is, try one. It's basically a soft, fat corn tortilla. It's like a gordita (and no, not like a taco bell gordita; those don't remotely resemble a real gordita). . . If you want to eat for under $25 for two, eat the best taco or sope you'll ever have, and impress your friends with some real local knowledge... Eat at Tacos El Gordo. And after you eat and hit the casinos/clubs and you're sloppy drunk, go back and eat more. That's what I did. If there were one of these where I live I'd eat there 365 days a year and that's no bullshit. It's that good people. I think the meat is roasted by a crack pipe. It's seriously addicting.  I would consider giving up sex and becoming a priest to eat it daily.  If I were on death row I'd ask for Tacos El Gordo for my last meal.  If aliens landed tomorrow I'd take them to Tacos El Gordo to show them human cuisine and I'm pretty sure I would save the planet from total annihilation because they'd know the human race is rad because we can cook the shit out of some pork. . . Don't be a dummy, just do as I say and eat there. You can thank me later.
FINALLY! an inexpensive alternative to the overpriced food in Vegas.. For $2 a taco you can have authentic mexican tacos in Las Vegas... . My favorites here are adobada (al pastor) and the beef lengua. . al pastor which is mexican rotissiere style meat with some onions and just a tinge of guacamole cut straight off the pig...  . . lengua is amazing as well... just perfectly soft and each bite is phenomenal. . this place is open 24/7 and a great pitstop to make post xs to the hotel
Give me the adobada tacos with everything on it. Please do not leave off the pineapple because that would be a crime. The other location has much more inside seating than this one, but the food is still just as good. One of my friends and I came straight after work and had to sit outside under the covered seating. It was 110 outside, but a couple of those tacos and a small order of carne asada fries to share makes anything bearable. Do not forget a cup of ice cold horchata to wash it all down. . . I would not normally lean towards Mexican food unless nudged in that direction by friends, but I am glad that I have some people who do enjoy this fare. Every once in a while, a trip to Tacos El Gordo does well for the soul. For some reason, I throw out most of my concerns with this establishment. What? You do not serve any veggies with your tacos? Okay, as long as you pile up that spit roasted meat, I will easily overlook it. What is that sauce you are dousing over my tacos? Whatever, it is just delicious, so keepit coming. By the time I am finished, I have ingested more than I normally would allow, I drank some of my calories and it is not getting me buzzed. Oh, how I have fallen. Yet it feels so good. Don't look at me!
Carne Asada fries!!! Yummy!!! Wait everything is good here.. Went in March when we got married and that's our 1 reason we wanna go to Vegas!!
Best taco place in Vegas. Even if you don't speak Spanish don't be scared to check this place out. Authentic Mexican tacos!!
SOOO GOOD! My boss suggested to eat here after clubbing at Marquee and we came around 2:50am before closing and there was no line at all. :) I only tried their adobada (al pastor) and their carne asada fries. mmm & I love their sides! Especially their fresh grilled onions! :9 watch out on their grilled jalapenos...its super spicy! My friend started to cry. :( lol. . For only $2 a taco, I am definitely coming back here!
My friends brought me here with the promise of the best tacos ever! I will say they did not disappoint! We had a big dinner planned and this served only as a snack so I only ordered three adobada tacos. It was like a huge tease, I wanted more! I actually stole one of my guy's to eat. He wasn't happy =P. . . The next day, we went back and ordered 28 between three people. It was delicious and I can't wait to go back. . . Try the adobada with pineapple!
After reading the reviews prior to arriving in Vegas I knew I just had to try this place.  Spicy pork tacos cut right from a giant hunk of meat that stares you in the face?!??!?! Uhhhh, yes please!. . Went here around 9:30pm on a Thursday night and it was effing packed.  I knew it was a good sign when I saw a ton of Mexicans and a security guard packing a real gun.  Tacos are serious business!. . I ordered 3 tacos.  I got the Adobada (spicy pork), lengua (tongue) and carne asada tacos.  All 3 tacos were very good, though I was probably the most disappointed with the adobada.  It wasn't that it wasn't good, but there just wasn't a lot of meat in the taco.  The meat that was in there was good, but that particular taco looked a little sad.  I did enjoy the free guac topping on the carne asada taco.  The lengua was cooked very well done and I thoroughly enjoyed that taco as well.  . . All in all, I'd give this place a solid 4.5 stars.  If there was more adobada in my taco I would definitely give this place 5 stars.  It could've just been bad luck with that particular taco.  . . If you want good tacos, definitely try this place out.
I thought my eating habits were already bad; and thennnnnnnnnnnnnn, I had this place.. . I had been seeing pics of their "orange bang" drink on Instagram so wanted to come here to taste it for myself...hoping that it's like a drink back home in Hawaii.. . Came here one Friday after Tao. Got my fave tripas tacos and their orange bang. My drunk friends got a plethora of tacos and carne asada fries. Omg --- SO GOOD! Orange band included; it wasn't as frothy and creamy (more watered down) than I would like but, it'll do.. . In fact, El Gordo was SO GOOD that we came here the next night after The Bank. lol. This time, we decided to change up the meat and had TRIPAS FRIES ---- oooOOooooOOOooooooooohhhhhhHHhhhhhh. Talk about LIFE CHANGER right there!. . It's pretty busy with the afterhours crowd with long lines but, the wait to order and to get your food isn't bad at all.. Note: there are THREE lines in there. Each for different kinds of meats. Make it easier on yourself and have each of your friends (if you have more than 3) stand in each line to order things.. . . Honestly, felt sick to my stomach with all the bad food I ate that weekend (including El Gordo); but, I'd effing do that again! . . If imma have a heart attack after that food; at least, I know I died a happy woman =)
I know this is redundant, but the spicy pork tacos are out of this world.  The meat is slow cooked and shredded in front of you, while the cook behind the counter slightly fries two corn tortillas and preps the taco for the meat.  The contents are the complimented with a dressing similar to the cilantro ranch served at Cafe Rio.  There are also other vegetables and a spicy chile sauce to boost.  For $2, you absolutely cannot go wrong.
I usually don't take the time to write reviews, so you can bet that this place is special. . . Definitely got a local hispanic vibe when we arrived, but the staff were great.  Everything is made fresh to order right in front of you.  They have 3 main taco stations for each type of taco on the menu. I recommend the adobado and asada tacos.. . If want a delicious alternative to nachos, try the adobado fries.  They are piled high in a large to go box with spicy pork, cheese, cream cheese and guacamole sauce.  Very delish!!!   . . I grew up on mexican food and this place is as authenticate as it gets!!
When your looking for speed, quality, and price, this place hits on all marks. Some of the best tacos i've ever had in my life. I like that you can try all sorts of different meats from head, tongue, leg, and even cheek meat. On my last visit I think that I ordered almost one of every style of taco. What was really outstanding was the grilled green onions and peppers you can get as a side, probably the best version out of any taqueria in Vegas. The corn tortillas are very good as well. Everything is very clean and the prices are right on point. Everything tasted fresh and well made, I liked it. This place also seems to be packed, and there is a good reason.
Best place for fast, cheap tacos! They're a bit on the small side, so it takes about 3-4 to fill me up. Nevertheless, we always come here every time we're in Vegas. . . Tripa (Tripe) = DELICIOUS! Crunchy and a blast of flavor. I always get this. . . Carne Asada = pretty decent, but I've had better. The guac tastes a bit weird to me. . . Adoboda (Spicy pork) = so yummy and juicy. Get this if you want to be on the safe side.. . Lengua (Tongue) = tasty, tender, soft. . . Sesos (Brain) = Didn't like. Has a consistency of oatmeal with a strange meat taste..  . Cabeza (Head) = bland.... . Suadero (Shoulder) = good, but doesn't compare to the ones above. . . Quesadilla = amazing!! Good option for your vegetarian friends. . . Make sure you get grilled green onions and chilis (warning, it's extremely hot) on the side!  And don't forget Horchata!
adobada fries.. amazing. . adobada everything. you'll be surprised how good it is. . A vegas trip isn't complete unless I stop here. . If you tip, they often give you more meat. :). adobada fries
OMG!!! the best place ever! cheap eats and bomb a** food. especially late night.
A good as the one inchula vista! But being in Vegas makes it it that much better! . Plus they have $10 carne asada/adobada fries!!!. My recommendation: lengua!!! Tongue!
The El Pastor Tacos are the best in town! And don't forget the napale
This joint is amazing. I ordered 8 tacos and a drink for $19. I ordered beef tongue, pork stomach, asada, and pastor. I have to say the ingredients are fresh and service was fast and friendly. Also you can BYOB. I will be back.
I live in LA. I was in LV this past weekend and wanted something special.  I LOVE the fact that we found this place.  I have been a fan of the original in Baja Mex for over 20 years (when it was a hole in the wall).. . BEST TACOS in LAS VEGAS.
This place is excellent. The spicy Pork and Tongue tacos I had were on point. The tortillas are small but so tasty. They also put so much on it you cannot see the tortilla. It smells as good as it taste. I wish I would have eaten more but I had a buffet waiting for me a couple hours later. No complaints about anything so it is a definite 5 STARS *****
Best tacos in Vegas hands down. Fresh hand made tortillas, perfectly cooked meats.. . Cabeza, Adobada & Asada are a must.
This is where you want to eat! Delicious tacos, served hot with fresh ingredients. As an added bonus, it's super cheap!
When it comes to Mexican street tacos, the first places that come to my mind are Taco's Mexico, late nights in TJ and the best hang over food ever. However, no more.... well at least not Tacos Mexico. Anyway, lets just get to the good stuff. . . Tacos el Gordo is amazing place. Hands down the best street taco's ever. Being that they are orginally from Tijuana, they are already off to a good start. Personally I am a huge fan of their carne asada and ablongida (sp.?) tacos. They also have more exotic delights as cabeza (head) lengua (tounge) and a few other goodies I have yet to try. Plus, their cane asada fries are nothing short of amazing in my mind. . . And on top of all that great food, you can wash it down with unlimited refills of Orange Bang! Or Pina or horchata if that floats your boat as well. . . Buenos timepos!
When my friends wanted to eat mexican food on the strip I wondered the heck why. Since all of them were from San Diego and that's where some of the best mexican food comes from but they were raving about Tacos El Gordo. . . We got the adobada tacos, and abobada fries which I had no idea at first it was the marinate pork. It was absolutely delicious-nish. Probably the best taco I ever eaten before I love the sauce they use on the taco. It was good and very creamy. I like the number one fan of carne asada fries never having tried abobada fries but I gotta say they made a believer out of me. It was delicious and I love how much sauce it had. Yummy the definite mexican joint to hit in Vegas.
this is probably the best mexican in Vegas. It was amazing and really authentic... seriously good late night grub
These will be one of the best tacos you will have IMO.  We had these in TJ, and they taste pretty much the same, so authentic!  In TJ, they make their horchata from scratch though...not here :(. . Anyways, if you have never been, one word : ADOBADA.  Adobada is a marinated pork awesomeness that is fire grilled on a rotisserie like setup.  This is why this place is awesome, so if you come here, you owe it to yourself to try it.  Try it MULAS style, which is essentially a taco, but with another tortilla on top with cheese in the middle...quesadilla style.  Try it on the fries...can't go wrong....it is awesome.. . Besides that, I have tried some of the others...the beef head and regular asada is great, but it doesn't shine a light to the adobada imo.. . Besides the flavor, you can't beat the price.  Tacos start at $2, and although you will need a few to fill you up, I find it difficult to believe you will find anything this good to eat 24-7 especially on the strip.. . They just expanded, so it is much easier to find a seat and the lines are shorter...but still be prepared to wait a bit to order.. . Go see for yourself!
One of THE BEST carne asada tacos I have ever had, hands down.  The juices and everything about this taco is worth every penny.  I usually get mines with no avocado, since most of the time they usually put a spoonful of avocado & i really dont need to taste that much avocado in one sitting.. . Not only do i order the carne asada tacos, but also the carne asada fries. The carne asada fries can either come in half ($5) or a large order ($10). I ordered the half ordered and OHHH GEEZ it was pretty BIG! I couldnt even finish it, it was good but not THAT good. . . Needless to say, I could always come back to this taco eatery. Yumm yumm
Ugh this place is frkn amazing! I love, love tacos and every time we are in Vegas I crave them, weird I know! So I was so happy to find Tacos el Gordo! The tacos are very flavorful, the salsas are good, I just wish they had a hotter one for us chile lovers.. The tortillas are amazing, I love the smell they have ( reminds me of Mexico).  The lengua tacos are so good, the lengua aka tongue is very tender, definitely a must try!  Can't wait to try more stuff off their menu!
Capechanga fries! oh my!! Love this place. Friend told me about this spot a while back and am so I glad I opted for this over steak n eggs! You can eve order half orders! Just imagine super fries but 10x better and thats capechanga fries forya ;)
Best authentic Mexican food I have ever eaten. We had tacos and carne asada fries and we were sad that this was our last day in Vegas.
Showed up the other day, to see that their expansion has been in full effect!. . Almost no line on a Saturday night!  At least compared to before....only took me a few minutes to get all my food!  Plus it is much easier to find a seat now, since they pretty much doubled that too.. . And don't take that as a bad sign...still very full and busy overall, but without the "bad" busy of having to wait before you can eat!. . Still wish they made their horchata scratch like in TJ!. . Best place to eat tacos in Vegas!
Adobado.. . Easily one of the most amazing words in the world to say when drunk, it turns out it may also be the single most delicious thing one can eat while drunk, though there is competition*. . Additionally, while my bubby would be heartbroken to hear this, I have to say that this place serves what is hands-down the best tongue I've ever had in my life. Ever. Though you'd better not be shy about what you're ordering, because saying "lengua" to the counterman means he's about to pull out the entire grass-licker of a cow and chop it apart in front of you.. . If you've ever wondered what it would be like to be Hannibal Lecter's sous chef, now you'll know.. . . *They also serve Carne Asada fries, which is a 1 pound orgy of french fries, carne asada, cheese, sour cream and guacamole. I had to stop eating itbecause I contracted Gout mid-meal.
First time here. I usually eat Roberto's but my cousins had me try his spot out. It's really good and you get your food quick even if it looks busy. Tasty tacos and clean spot. I recommend this place if you really love Mexican food.
A definite stop when I'm in Vegas. I've been here on my last 3 trips to Vegas and I've never been disappointed. The meat is extremely juicy and tasty and the toppings are delicious!. . What we've tried:. . - Carne asada fries: Delicious! The carne asada here is insanely tender so these fries are a lot more satisfying than the carne asada fries back home.. - Carne asada tacos: I love that these tacos come with guac and pico de gallo! . - Lengua tacos: My favorite!!! The lengua is the best meat here! So tender!. - Spicy pork tacos: I like the creamy sauce that compliments the meat. And of course, the meat is tastyyyy. Yum!. . Overall, I really love the fact that the sauces are all different for each type of meat that I've tried.. . Free refills on drinks which includes horchata :) Mmmm.
There is something distinctly wonderful about late night food in a city like LV.  The insatiable appetite for indulgence, the unrelenting yet ever flowing booze from all corners of the town. With the infamous Tijuana chain Tacos El Gordo in the mix, the game has now changed ... for the better. . . Located inside of a strip mall just around the corner of Wynn/Encore, this spot is the perfect alternative to the spendy options of late night spots mid-strip. Folks who are familiar with the Cali locations should notice the mini-spike in prices here from .15-45 cents per item. It's still a inexpensive deal on the Strip and an even cheaper / tastier option that most tacos in NYC. I digress.. . The late night hours from Thursday-Sunday is often their busiest times here. Lines from post-XS / Tryst crowds of drunken club goers crowd up this small spot. No sense in sprinting to Earl of Sandwich (http://www.yelp.com/biz/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas#hrid:rCEJrFmkm-Y5nNg1MhO7VQ) when the $10 for a sandwich translates to 4 tacos and a drink here.. . A true San Diegan Mexican treat - the carne asada fries ($10) are the real deal. A mile high mountain of carne asada beef, salsa, cheese, and crema over fries is terrible for anyone's diet but delicious nonetheless. Tacos of all kinds - adobados, carnitas, de cabeza, orejas, lenguas - are superb in every sense. Vegans ought to look the other way but carnivores of the Mexican loving kind will be delighted with most everything on the menu. There is no words to describe the joy of fresh, shaved, carnitas on a perfectly grilled corn tortilla with a little salsa verde, cilantro and bits of cebolla, all folded to make for a juicy, super sabrosa bite.. . I could go on and on about these tacos, but if there is any thing worth mentioning it's that the Downtown location (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegas) is even better. Orale.
This place is insane! I've never been to the SD location but heard that it's delicious. I stumbled upon the Las Vegas branch and was like I HAVE TO TRY THIS! Upon entering this place, you better know what you want and where to get it because they will get you in and out ASAP. To the far left you got the adobado, middie is the carne asada and far right is the counter for brain, intestines, stomach, lengua (my favorite!!!). You can make about anything with the different types of meat. I tried the Carne Asada fries, carne asada taco, mula con adobado, tongue mula and adobado fries. I actually had a Tacos El Gordo Sandwich (what is this??)...which involves TWO visits to TACOS EL GORDO within a 9 hour time frame with my first and last meal of the day being at this establishment with some more foodie (Korean bbq) and Las Vegas show in between. Probably my most BIG GIRL night in a long time. . . They also speak Spanish to you like you know Spanish. So brush up on your Spanish or get lost in translation. Drinks are $1.40 and there's only one size...BUT you get unlimited Ole drinks (mmmmz Orange Bang....). Indoor seating is scarce because they get filled up so quickly. Everyone wants to eat here at all times of the day, I swear. Never worked so hard to enjoy my food, but it's well worth it. If this place is too hectic for ya, try their other location off the strip approximately 3 miles away.. . Anyhoo, I CANNOT WAIT TO GO BACK! The food is delicious and everything else street Mexican is unacceptable now (unless someone proves me otherwise). Thanks for setting the standard Tacos El Gordo!
Was in Vegas during July 13th weekend and came here twice during my visit. This place is outrageously delicious! I cannot fathom how good it is. The carne asada was so tender. Their carne asada fries is seriously the best I ever had! Get that with everything on it. I don't even like sour cream but it was yummy on the fries. Gosh I miss it. And I also tried the beef head and brain, which my bf got && that was my first and last. It's just too soft to eat.
Hands down best taco joint I have ever been to in the United States... EVER!  This place is near the Wynn, I just wondered in here after a night of partying and wow!  They have every amenity that they have at taco spots in Mexico... Without people getting kidnapped... I found my new after party spot in Vegas! I definitely recommend this to the discriminating taco aficionado.
What a find! We were stopped by the security guard asking us to bag our beers. He was very polite so we decided to go in. We've now eaten there 3 days in a row! Not only is the food cheap, but it tastes great! Everything we try new we like better. And the "flip the sauce" flair is a fun bit to watch. Makes this end of the strip worth a visit.
By far the best taco shop in Vegas!  Carne Asada four or corn shell tacos are simply the best.  The carne Asada SMALL order is $5 and feeds two ppl easily. I put pic below.  You have to try this place!
Delicious! Authentic, easy on the wallet.
WOW...These are the best tacos I have ever eaten! I ordered only 4 of the Carne Asada  tacos thinking I'd leave room for desserts on the Strip. But the hell with that! They were sooooo good and PICA, I had to go back for more! . . If you are anywhere near Vegas ...you just have to stop here.
OMG best street tacos in Vegas ever.  They are just like the ones in LA, but better.  . . Only got the tacos there but they were amazing.  . Adobado: Had right amount of spice and the creamy sauce complimented the meat.  . Carne Asada: Juicy steak comes with guac and pico. Lengua: Wow...so juicy and tender. Tripa: OMG...deep fried intestines...Greatness in my mouth..lol. Buche: (stomach) it was ok...i just had to try it.. Cabeza: (head)..wasnt bad..had to try it also. Sesos: (brain)...had to try this as well...it wasnt bad...but the texture was weird.. . The place was busy when we got there, but the line went by quick. There are a few tables in the inside and a bunch on the outside.. . Oh almost forgot free refills on drinks, so of course got Orange Bang!!!
Simply put, the best street tacos in Las Vegas!. . The minute you walk into this place you will notice it is insanely BUSY, and that most people are on the pork line-- because it is the best item on be menu. Don't get me wrong, steak is also tasty, but the pork is excellent on any menu item. Here is what I normally order.. . Campechana fries, half order. These fries are smothered in steak or pork, cheese, cheese sauce, guacamole, sour cream and their special sauce... Virtually a food group of its own. Beware you can probably share your fries with three of your friends and still eat plenty.. . Pork tacos: I get them with everything and a bit extra of their green sauce--a cilantro based sauce.. . Mulitas on flour tortillas: there are topped with the same ingredients as the tacos but the ingredients are sandwiched between two flour tortillas with grilled, melted cheese on them. Amazing.. . You can have a filling lunch for no more than $10 bucks. If show up during the lunch hour be ready to wait for about 15 minutes before getting your food.
My favorite Taco Joint!!! If I move to Vegas, this might be my main reason lol
Authentic $2 Mexican tacos.  Highlight is the spicy pork.
I tried this place based on other yelp reviews and I am glad I did! In a strip mall just past the Wynn Hotel, it is easily missed as somewhere to try but, stop in and try their food. $2.00 street style taco's so full of meat. We tried the carne asada and the spicy pork, both were so flavorful. We also ordered the carne asada fries, man this could feed a whole family. $10.00 but worth it. You will be sharing. Fresh food, made on the spot. Friendly, friendly service! It is seems to always be busy but the lines move very quickly so don't let the crowd deter you. Everything had so much flavor!
I have been here a couple times and everytime it is yummy! This is the place to go for street tacos, especially late at night for a midnight snack or after hitting the clubs since it is conveniently located on the Strip as well. The meat is fresh and cut off the stake straight onto your tortilla and garnished with grilled onions upon request (real al pastor style!). The meat is tender and seasoned well, cooking on that stake all day long. I order the adobada fries (spicy pork fries), which is different than the typical carne asada fries. It also comes in half size, which is great for one serving. The guys serving you are friendly and they even remembered me from the first time I dined; this shows true customer service! It is a casual dine, with easy takeout or to go orders. There may be a short line, but it is worth it. I would recommend this place for tourists and locals. Writing this review actually makes me want to visit again ASAP!
Lived up to its hype, best tacos I've had since Mexico.
BEST TACOS IN VEGAS! HANDS DOWN. ONLY THING BETTER IS IN MEXICO.. . You can walk in with a beer or drink. Security will simly give you a brown bag.. . The adobada is the best. All that is missing is a big pot of home made beans.. . Toursist and locals all eat here it seems like because it's lawys busy.. . ENJOY
great tacos, all the meats taste great I had asada, pastor and suadero, all i can say its delicious.
This place, although Mexican, reminds me a lot of the open markets back in Thailand that had the most affordable and delicious food. There were numerous employees, all very friendly and helpful. Since it was our first time there, one of the guys let us try a little bit of every meat (more like he handed it to us without question).. . I tried five different tacos - the spicy pork (adobada), steak (asada), tripe, beef shoulder (suadero), and beef tongue (lengua). The tacos also came with nice portion of cooked green onion and jalapeno! Every taco was great and had the perfect portion of meat, sauce, and vegetables (which is something you will rarely hear me say). My favorites were the adobada and tripe. . . I also got horchata, which turned out to have INFINITE REFILLS. My good friend and I were ecstatic over that for quite a while.. . Next time I'll try out their fries for sure.
I visited this place near 2-3am on a Friday night and it was packed!!!! Cheap delicious food on the north side of the strip available to you at all hours! Yum!
This place is the real deal y'all.  If you're like me and want a couple of tacos or maybe even a burrito to end your night then there is no better place in Vegas than El Gordo.  My mouth is literally watering as I type...
So I've been eating more veggie lately (although nowhere near entirely), and the one major carnivorous mainstay of my dietlately has been tacos. To the point where I've started calling myself a "tacotarian." (And yes, I know they make fish tacos, I just don't care.). . So on my latest trip to Tacos El Gordo, I decided to branch out and try their vegetarian option - to see if I could keep visiting my favorite Vegas taco joint even in the absence of meat.. . The taco azteca (nopales asado) is strips of grilled cactus served on your choice of corn or flour tortilla with salsa and guacamole. The cactus really had a nice snap when you bite into it and a bit of a peppery flavor. A lot of times with vegetarian options for Mexican it feels like you're "missing" something. A vegetarian burrito from Chipotle feels like a magic trick sometimes. And not in a good way.. . But this was legit. If I ever pull the trigger and go full-on vegetarian, this will be a staple of my diet.. . (The adobada is still amazing too.)
Some of the best tacos I've ever had. It's like being transported to Mexico when you take that first bite. The spicy pork tacos are so delicious. Wouldn't have ever expected tacos this good when I first saw the joint. A true gem in Vegas.
I found out about this hidden gem while listening to the podcast Five Hundy by Midnight.  I am so glad that I decided to check it out.  It is located in a small shopping plaza between the Riviera and Encore, so it is a little bit of a hike to get to, but it is worth it.  . . I had three Adobada Tacos (spicy pork) and my wife had a Steak Taco and a Beef Tongue Taco.  The tacos also came with a plate of sauteed scallions and hot peppers.  All the food was wonderful, plus at no more than $2.50 a taco, the price is unbeatable.  . . This is a great find and I highly recommend anyone looking for an inexpensive meal to give it a try.
Best TACOS Ever!!  Located on The Strip after the Encore/Wynn and Ross Store.  This place is super packed and each line is for a different type of meat.  ALL KINDS OF MEAT!  Cabeza, Lengua, Carnitas, Carne Asada and some others I cannot remember.  . . We were here the night after Thanksgiving and it was super packed.  Hubby and I split up and just stood in line.  We didnt know that each line was a different meat so thank goodness I wasn't in the Lengua line.... had it (not from here) and dont want to try it again. . . The tacos are small so if you are hungry get 3 or 4.  The people in front of me had about 5 people in their family and ordered about 30!!!  I kid you not!  So you know it was gonna be good!. . Will totally come back here again! . Not a lot of seating so find a curb or eat standing... its worth it!
This hole in the wall taco place is awesome. A friend of mine turned me on to it and I can't seem to stay away. Their carne asada fries are great. Nothing too fancy about this place. Just good food. A little pricey but its worth it.
Words can not explain the delectable scrumptious  mouth watering tacos this place has. Thank god for Tacos El Gordo on the Vegas strip! I'm a New Yorker and I didn't have a car during my stay in Vegas but man oh man was I glad I yelped this gem! . . Please head my advice, GO THERE! it's totally worth the walk!
It's been said by most, but I just wanted to emphasize what a pleasant, cheap departure it is from the expensive, crappy chain food on the strip.  The walk from most hotels is just long enough to be sobering after a long night/morning out in Vegas (I walked from Planet Hollywood), and if it isn't, the food should help.. . It's especially awesome for those of us who come from the east and don't get particularly good/authentic tacos.
Very tasty food, their drink machine is unlike anything else you'll find in vegas too
Cost to quality is just two thumbs up...!  Compared to other overpriced restaurants, this is the must-try place for real taco in Las Vegas.  . . A little inconvenient eat-in, but you can find additional tables on the curb side of tents outside.  Wonderful experience with authentic Mexican tacos at surprising 2$ price tag.  Abodado taco is my favorite and Veggi Quesadillas is beyond your imagination... . . If you can speak Spanish, ordering might be easier, but fellow customers were friendly enough helping me order.. . Wonderful place....!
this place is amazing! best authentic tacos north of the border. the spicy pork (which isn't at all spicy) and the lengua (tongue) are the best tacos in the house. if you're one of those types that doesn't eat tongue just because its tongue, lose that attitude because you're missing out. you can also get a "quesadilla" which is basically a taco with yummy melted cheese. great stuff. "vampiro" which is basically like a taco sandwich tostada, more deliciousness. a couple knocks though, no chicken tacos and the carne asada is average to below average. but trust you go there for the lengua or the spicy pork
BEST TACOS I HAVE EVER HAD.  OMGoodness.  I am glad I don't live in the area because I would be here every single day...and as big as a house.  This place is right near the Wynn in a little strip mall.  Very casual.  . . Let's talk about the tacos.  Oh the tacos.  We ordered the Carne Asada and El Pastor.  The Carne Asada comes with the usual onions and cilantro.  Get the avocado sauce...on everything.  It is amazing.  The El Pastor was cut off of a huge stack of meat roasting on a spit.  Then it gets covered in a red sauce and the avocado sauce and topped with onions and cilantro.  Meat is tender and well seasoned.  AMAZING.  . . Yes, it's crowded, but that's a good sign.  If you have to sit on a curb, stand outside, or stand on your head to eat your food...do it.  The prices are great and you can get a drink with free refills.  Tacos El Gordo is truly a gem in an area where prices are ridiculously expensive, the price for one taco is about $2.   I ordered four tacos and had to go get another one even though I was full.  It's that good.   . . My recommendation?  Run, don't walk to Tacos El Gordo.  I would if I could.
best taco place in Las Vegas!! unfortunately we found this place 1 day before coming back to California, but we ate 3 times that day! the tacos were delicious and the price was awesome ;D
So goood that I went there twice in one weekend. Agobada fries are on par with carne asada fries in San Diego, maybe... maybe even better!!! Highly recommend any of the tacos and the agobada fries is a must!!. . The fries couldn't be any better. They were crispy, covered with plenty of guac and sour cream, and topped with the fresh cut pork right off of the spinning pole. I don't know how to explain the uniqueness of the meat, but it was kind of a hybrid of bacon and cha siu (chinese pork). It was crispy like bacon and flavorful like cha siu. omgiwantsomemore!
Omg best dam tacos ever.we come to vegas probably every four months weather it be for biz or play but every time its a must to have tacos here so if your in vegas and have a craving for mexican you must try this place.its right on the strip and open real late so weather its lunch or late nite after partying all nite munches this is where you must go.:D
best Mexican tacos I ever ate!  authentic and without exception.. I can't go back to the gringo taco shops anymore!
best damn tacos in las vegas hands down!. . go here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've tried all their $2 tacos from the meathead, brains to the spicy pork and tripe. I have no complains about this joint. Affordable and your taste buds screams for more!! You will leave with a satisfied hunger and a happy wallet!! I will definitely be back! (I've been here twice in the past 24 hours already) and you got to love their hours of operation. Can't get any better than this when you had a few drinks with the company of wonderful people/family & an appetite for really good food after drinking for a few hours :) Totally worth the drive regardless which part of town you live at even for visitors!!. . I always get everything on it especially the pineapple slice with the spicy pork taco!
Delicious tacos! Too bad they don't sell burritos.
So you've made it rain at the Wynn and/or Encore, and now you're starvin' like Marvin (who is this guy, anyway?). Now what? Well, you have the choice of 1) spending more money on food at the restaurants inside either hotel or 2) head a little further down The Strip and get your taco on here. I'm sure the latter is a much better choice. My friends never tuned me on to this until now (thanks a lot, guys! *sarcasm*). Made sure I made the most out of my first visit and got 3 tacos: lengua, asada, and adobada. All of them paired up with a large Horchata made it the best late night grub I've had in Vegas. Ever. It's probably saying a mouthful (and no, I kept classy and had those tacos one at a time), but it's true.
Best tacos on the strip.  Open 24/7.  No ambiance just a cafe with some limited seating.  Food cooked in the middle of the room--you see what you're getting.. . Went down here a couple times this week.  Good tacos.  Fresh sliced and cooked meats, pastor tacos were well spiced and flavored.  Big plate of peppers came along with it.  . . 24/7 was a big help:  tacos at 3am.  Mmm.  Bought total of five tacos for myself and the cab driver with two drinks total $13 bucks and they take American Express.. . Give it a try.  Real good value and great hours.
This place is absolutely amazing. Better than the tacos that I from my Mexican friends. Almost every trip to Vegas I've stopped here, sometimes twice in one day.....its that good. You cant beat a $2 taco.. . Nice clean place, good seating, and again hands down, one of the best tacos I've ever had. Get the pork, beef shoulder, or the tongue. You won't regret it.
When we first walked in, it was a little chaotic.  We didn't know what was going on....but, the staff is extremely friendly & helpful.  Basically, there are 3 lines: 1 for carne asada, one for adobada (spicy pork, but it wasn't spicy at all) and another line for the other meats (tongue & I forgot what else).  No chicken!. . YOU ORDER FIRST & THEN PAY.. . The carne asada line was the longest (out the door practically), so we went for the adobada line.  I was able to order my tongue (lengua) tacos here too and 1/2 order of campechana fries (half carne asada & half adobada).  The adobada meat was the best--not spicy at all.  Sometimes this meat, also known as "al pastor" is spicy or flavorless.  The fries were really good, but we got full from the tacos---reheated this the next day & it was still good (just took off the guacamole & sour cream before taking it w/me).. . It was a little over $20 for 6 tacos, 1/2 order of fries/ & a drink.  My husbad said that I know how to pick the best places to eat!!!  This place gives King Taco a run for their money.  I love the green salsa from King Taco & give the salsa 5 stars, but the meat from El Gordo has more flavor & the portions are larger.  Lots of Mexican people eating here, so you know it's good when a food place is packed with it's own people. The customer serivce here is superb---really friendly & helpful. Lots of locals eating here..... . *Will probably visit this place every time I go to Vegas.
Been here tons of times...just realized I never mentioned the Adobada Fries before!. . Ask for a small portion because they are still huge and are plenty big enough to share!. . $5 is the entry price.  Adobada/Al Pastor is the best thing ever in case you didn't know already!  Slightly spicy marinated pork with all the goodies!  . . You'll never want to eat carne asada again lol
This is by far the best in all of Vegas. Good food, good service, good location, good menu options, very clean and tidy.. . I go several times per month for lunch with co-workers. Never disappointed...
My mexican family loves tacos. My mom makes tacos at home all the time and we have gone to at least 15 different taco places in Nevada.. I am SO sick of tacos and hate eating them...but..this place is the only exception. . This place IS the best taco place in Nevada. . These tacos are like no others. They are just so delicious.. The "El Pastor" tacos are to die for.  These are incredibly good. . I usually get 3 El pastor tacos..they are a bit spicy and they come with creme yum yum m getting so hungry thinking about them.. I've had carne asada tacos..which are very good. The tacos de lengua (beef tongue) are sooo good too. These are my moms favorite. Dont be afraid to try it because it sounds strange. . The tacos "de sesos" have to be my second favorite. Yummy these are my dad's favorite.. I love them all but just the el pastor tacos are worth going. . They also have "aguas frescas" They have horchata which is delicious and i always get it and they have others..there is one drink that taste like oranges and creme which is super good too.
I think I've reached the closing of my quest for the best taco. Truly authentic, flavorful, and reasonable at $2.00. I personally recommend the spicy pork and beef tongue.
When my friend Jay F picked me up from the McCarran International, our first order of business was food, and that food was tacos. As you can see from his glowing reviews, this is a Top 10 Vegas spot for him. And if you are a foodie who loves authentic street food, this will be INSTANTLY be a Top 10 Vegas spot for you too.. . The small and unassuming taco stand is on the side of a small shopping center tucked away in a corner off the strip within sight of The Wynn. And for about 1/10th of the price of meals on The Strip, you'll probably get your best meal on or around The Strip. The Abodaba is spicy pork that is cooked on a rotisserie like gyro meat would be, and is then sliced to order. Amazing. And if you like the jiggly pieces, they've got Beef Head, Beef Brains, Beef Tongue, Pork Stomach, and Tripe. . . Not being much for the jiggly parts - except for beef tongue, that is - I ordered the lengua, adobada, and asada. At $2.00 each ($2.25 for tongue) these were amazing tacos, filled with meat, each with a unique garnish, and served with a huge plate of grilled veggies as additional garnish. It was an awesome amount of fresh, authentic Mexican street food for $6.25. . . As I told my friend, this is the type of place that Tony Bourdain would go nuts over on one of his shows ... great cheap street food with lots of the jiggly bits offered. And this is a must-stop for all future Vegas visits.
Most legitimate tacos, ever!. . It's effectively the same tacos that you get from a taco truck, in a restaurant. However, taco trucks tend to be a bit cheaper by a few cents per taco. For a grown adult, roughly 4 tacos can fill you up, which is about $8 without drinks. . . I do not recommend the Taco De Sesos! Thats beef brain tacos. And it smells funny, and tastes like... unflavored tofu or something. And I hate tofu. . . But everything else is great! I don't know what that green sauce is, but I see little onion bits in it. Whenever possible, request more green stuff on your tacos!. . The neighborhood around is sort of shady, the shopping center where this one is located is surrounded by liquor stores and smoke shops. However! It is a better spot than the 2nd location on Charleston, which is surrounded by bail bonds and pawn shops. . . The people that work here can speak a limited amount of English, so for people that want to practice their Spanish, remember this line.... . "Yo quiero _______ tacos de _______". . Where the first blank is the number (uno, dos, tres, quattro, cinco, etc.) and the second blank is the type of taco. Carne for example, means beef, and etc. You can just read it off the menu.
Everything I said in my previous review still holds true, but we go back here so often and the food is so amazingly delicious that I do not care at all where or how long I have to wait in line to get some! Definitely one of the most authentic food finds in Vegas. Try the adobada (spicy pork), it's our favorite! This place is golden and affordable as well. Five stars all the way.
Possibly the best I've ever had. I really didn't expect to find great tacos anywhere outside California or Mexico but I was wrong. Las Vegas has the best Pastor tacos I've yet had, the perfect breakfast after a night of shenanigans.
Ultimate Addiction! . . If you want street tacos, this is the best place to find them! The spicy pork tacos, are heaven. I normally order the mula version, which cost $4. It's the best bang for your buck. This is a great place open 247 on the strip if you are starting or finishing partying for the night.
Best tacos this side of the border. . . Obviously it won't beat the prices in Mexico, but well worth the $2 a taco. . It's hard to find places that cook the al pastor on a rotisserie anymore.
Spicy pork tacos were the best! Delicious and cheap.
Awesome tacos, Quesadillas etc.... . A must stop if going downtown (from the strip).
Oh my sweet baby jesus. I have a new love in my life (sorry Ray L.), adobado street tacos from El Gordo!. . I will tell you about my tastes for one second. I am a minimalist. I usually order things on the side or plain, especially with Mexican food. I do this because my tongue can't handle much heat despite the fact that I am 1/2 Mex. So, my honey and I met at The District to take our son to My Gym on V-Day, and he brought along tacos from El Gordo to surprise me. I had never had their food before this. I opened up the plate, and was thrown off because the pork looked like the sweet pork from Chinese places. You know how it is slightly reddish on the outside? Okay, mine was meat and tortilla only and his had a mix of cilantro/onion plus a few pieces of pinapple on top. To be honest here....I totally lifted my nose to the idea of fruit with my taco. When we were done there happened to be one taco left. I just couldn't let it go to waste! I took a bite with everything on it and.....IT WAS SO GOOD!. . Now I wish my other tacos were like that. The lesson to my story is this:. . If you don't step outside your comfort zone once in a while, you will let all the joys of life pass you by!. . These delicious tacos from heaven only cost $2 each. No rice and beans available here, but I don't give a damn. Who wants to stuff yourself with fillers? The crowds are huge at lunchtime but it's only because these little yummies are a force to be reckoned with. By far, they are the best Las Vegas has to offer.
I've been to Vegas at least 6 times and have missed out on a simple pleasure! This place is amazing! Authentic quick Mexican food from Tijuana Mexico.  My husband and I have eaten there 3 times so far on this trip, yes I said "so far". Lol. I do warn that the fries are HUGE. I recommend ordering a small(half the price and size). Yummmmmmm
In my experiance the Las Vegas strip and inexpensive street food has never gone hand in hand. That's was  until my hotel recommended Tacos El Gordo. Tacos El Gordo is located on the no so nice end of the strip, near Circus Circus and the Riviera. Don't expect anything that you might typical find at your average sit down Mexican restaurant. Here you'll find street food, tacos, tostadas, etc. Couple that with a very nice covered outdoor seating area and somewhat limited indoor seating giving you the best of both worlds, street food with a place to sit down and eat. Here will find a very basic menu of inexpensive fare.. . I can highly recommend the spicy pork and steak tacos, the pork being something special which is sliced off a rotating spit as you order. Tacos while small come over stuffed and sloppy with meat, cilantro, onions, guacamole and sour cream. For sure nothing comes out of a can. If you feel adventurous among other things you have a choice of tripe or beef brain tacos. Just keep in mind the menu is very basic, all items in Spanish with most having English translation. Taco's run $2 each. . . Service is very friendly and helpful if you have a question. Lines can be long, but move quickly. Here you'll find locals, not tourists. Long lines of locals are always a good sign, and it holds true here. The place is very clean.. . Bottom line, Tacos El Gordo is the perfect spot for lunch or late night after boozing in a local casino, open until 3:00AM. One of my go to stops in Vegas. These dudes bang out seriously good chow!
Don't let the outer appearance of this place scare you away. This is NOT Las Vegas chic, but the food is great and very inexpensive. Whenever I am in Las Vegas I make it a point to visit this place at the "rough" end of the strip.
SOOOOO legit. . This spot is a transplant from Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico.  . I had something that is called a "Vampiro" from a street vendor in East LA a few years back and was never the same.  They were some of the most amazing secrets of Mexican food I had never discovered up till then.  Sadly the vendor was robbed at gunpoint, not having enough money to buy new equipment.  . . It can never be as good as those original Vampiros to me, but thank god I have come across somewhere I can find them now this side of the border.  Just order them, don't even worry about what they are.  I am sure many have given the description in their review.  . . Also, the al pastor vampiro which are also called adobado.  The line for this meat is long and dedicated given the amazing taste of the meat and you will see the line form behind the giant rotisserrie for the pork, capped off with a whole pineapple on top which allows the juice to drip all over the meat.
The best tacos in the world just like ones in tijuana if you are in vegas you have to come here  Tacos al pastor and tacos de tripa  the best
I have seen this place popping up on yelp and decided to look through the reviews and pictures. I was happy to learn about the 2 separate lines since I would be wanting both asada and adobada and thanks to Nelson Q's picture that I can add pineapple to my taco.. . The seating inside this location is limited. They have 2 tent type things outside were you can eat. If my memory isn't too foggy this location used to be a taco bell when I was a teenager. The car clubs would hang out in this parking lot and drink etc. Well, the parking lot being ghetto fabulous hasn't changed a bit. Maybe more ghetto then anything. The inside was kinda chaotic. I know it is on the strip so alot of tourists especially drunk ones are going to want some of these $2.00 crack tacos. They are addicting and delicious! I like that I can get adobada tacos on either side. They have more then one line for the same thing since they get so busy at times.. . There is a parking lot so if you can find a spot then you can just go back and eat in your car if you can't find a spot at the tables.
honestly, bomb tacos for roughly $2!! i was starving and bought 3 tacos and even though they look small, man they are truly filling.. . even if the lines are packed it goes by relatively quickly, and it really hits the spot.  im sure there are other people here writing ridiculously long reviews so i'll let them do that...so JUST GO IF YOU LOVE TACOS!. . i also got their flan just because and it was pretty dang good, i think it was around $2 as well for a nice slice.
Tony The Tiger.. GGRRREAT!!! I will go back!
I've been to this location several times! The food always hits the spot! I like that they got some REAL tacos in this shiznit! I ALWAYS order the tripe, beef brain & pork stomach. Food will never let you down. There were some drunken times where we drove 25 minutes to get there because we were craving their tacos!. . Awesome drunken or sober food. Take your friends and family there but NOT a first date! Comprende?. . Stay awesome my friends.
This spot is closer than the original on the East Side. . And just as good! Some might say the original spot is BETTER but I think both are delish! . ADOBADA FTW!! NOTHING beats this!! We tried another spot, Taco Taco Mexican Eatery. We even did a side by side tasting! . TACOS EL GORDO FTW!!! Yeaaaaaaaah! Cheap delicious eats! . . I wish they had ELOTE though!
Whenever i'm on the strip and I've had too much to drink this is a must. Chorizo fries are delicious.
Oh my god.... Go here. My only error was I forgot to ask for pineapple. Soooo good. Vampiro was meaty and messy and fabulous. The taco adobodo (? Al pastor) was moist and flavorful and I love the white sauce, the carne asado with and without nepalitos, perfect with a healthy squeeze of lime... The nepalitos, as a gringa, I would probably cut it into smaller bits, the slab of cactus was a bit much, but I liked the flavor addition. Yum, yum, yum.... Y. The flan was rich and creamy and 4 tacos and flan set me back $15- oh and horchata too. Perfect for dinner back I. The hotel, then breakfast and lunch the next day.... Check it out!
Yes, 2 dollars/street taco is a little steep. But it's still cheaper than most food places on the Strip.. . I ordered 2 carne asada and 2 spicy pork tacos. then i went back and ordered 2 more spicy pork tacos.  If I were to go back I'd order 6 spicy pork tacos.. . Maybe I've been on the East Coast for too long but after the first bite of the spicy pork taco I felt like weeping for joy.
Oh em gee.  Beware!  $2 tacos will make you an addict!  . . My ultimate favorite taco is the Tripa; extra crispy.  It's a crispy crunch when you take your first bite that ends in a nice melt in your mouth experience.  Super flavorful, tasty, and fulfilling.  It has that dense flavor that can only allow for a couple.. . Mix the Tripa taco with a nice Al Pastor and Carne Asada and you're good to go.  All the tacos here pack some real flavor, and to me is considered the closest thing to really good Mexican food in all of Las Vegas. . . There is a good size indoor eating area, and a better sized outdoor eating area, and a big enough parking lot off the strip.  So it's actually easy to get up in this place and have some good ol' cheap but really awesome tacos!
DATE/TIME: Wednesday, August 22, 2012 // 2:15 PM. . PRICE: $10-$15/person (Around $2 per taco.). VALUE: Delicious, cheap, a total win for the taste buds and the wallet.. AMBIANCE: Virtually non-existent. Can get pretty crowded on weekends. You come to a place like this strictly for the food. . CHANCE OF RETURNING: 100%. . ___________________________________. . My new favorite spot for late night cheap eats on the Strip. If we had one in the Bay Area, I'd definitely be going on a regular basis. The tortillas are hand made and the meat is juicy, tender, and well-flavored. . . Tacos el Gordo is a favorite amongst locals and well-informed tourists alike, and for good reason.. . Favorites: Adobada (Spicy Pork), Suadero (Beef Shoulder), Lengua (Beef Tongue), Tripa (Tripe).
What can I say about this place that hasn't all ready been said. I went to this because of yelp, usually I make a list of the top places in Vegas to go eat at, but I usually get side tracked you never know what's going to happen over there so one day at midnight me and my wife went after a show I was thinking I need to budget after hitting up the fine dining spots so we went here all I have to say is that we showed up at midnight and the next day we where back at 9 am for round two the tacos are Bomb. The tacos al pastor are authentic, I don't care how much you think you know by going to places around the world and having the best tacos this place is good and original. This place started in Tijuana and moved to San Diego and is booming in Vegas. I live in the high desert and think about taking of to Vegas just grab some tacos all the time. If your going to Vegas on a budget don't go but if you end up going hit this place up. Don't forget to ask for some grilled onions and chiles and burnt tostada all that is complimentary.
I live in a Spanish neighborhood, in Queens, and eat tacos from a stand run by old Latino ladies. . . These are the best god damn fCuking tacos I've ever had in my life. . . I want to go back to Vegas--yes for the gambling, yes for the shopping, but really, it's so I can have the lengua taco again.
The best Tacos in town!
Came here twice (some guys three times) with a bachelor party for my big brother in the same day.  Inexpensive, quick, and hit the spot.  Reasonable walking distance to Palazzo if you're staying there and worth every penny.  Wish they had one of these near my hometown.
even if this place cost 3x as much, i'd still give it five stars. . adobada taco was excellent.
Let's be real... I love me some tacos and I'm gordo!  This place offers delicious tacos at really cheap prices.  The lines are never too long and there is plenty of parking outside.  When you are tired of hitting up the buffets at the casinos, drop by this spot...
I don't know what else to say besides the fact that I've never tasted better tacos! . . One word: Adobada!  Oh my goodness yes!
BEST tacos ever!!  Literally!  Every time I make a trip out to Las Vegas, I have to stop by this taco joint!  By far the best tacos everrrrr!!  There are usually a line out to the door, but that's a given since its simply the best!  There is also a taco salsa which is great! The workers are always so nice, but very pushy, only because everyone is ready to chow down on their tacos!
Best tacos in Vegas. Do yourself a favor. When the taqueros ask you, " con todo?", say YES!
Hands down, the best tacos around! This location has expanded recently. They took over the suite to the right side of them so it made my last experience less hectic with faster order lines and more seating. The outside patio has double in size also. . . Onto the food. Ooh...Mee...Gee! The adobada (spicy pork) is to die for, carved off a huge slab of flavored pork rotating inside of a flame roasting cooker. Every bite was bursting with flavor and the green guacamole cilantro sauce on top just made it that much better.  . . If you rather op for something other than tacos then no need to worry. They offer other items on the menu like tostadas or quesadillas. I also love the nacho fries with either adobada or carne asada meat. For those of you that can't decide between the 2 then make it a half and half. Mmmm....I could just smell the food now. DROOL!
Second visit to Vegas, and this is the first place we went back to.  It's awesome!  Must try the VAMPIRO, a tostada with cheese and special salsa. Love this place.
Great find on Yelp!  I suggest you bookmark this one for you next trip to the strip.
If you are ever in Vegas, you must visit this one magnificent Taco place.  :-)
I tried this place in San Diego and they have it in VEGAS! After partying it up at XS, stopped by here to pick up some Adobada (spicy pork) tacos, carne asada fries, & a large horchata, hustled into the hotel room and started devouring these foodgasmic tacos. (Just sprinkle in some lime juice & hot sauce... tastes best mixed in with their green sauce). They use fresh potatoes for their carne asada fries and their meat is so tender & smoky.... OMG best thing ever especially when you need some hangover food haha.
this place is the Bomb. Tacos just like from Mexico. now it's larger since they expanded the side to the left.
Spicy pork tacos are a must try!!! The best $2.00 tacos money can buy.
tacos al pastor are the best!!!! make sure you ask for pineapple and the tiny tostadas
Anybody who doesn't give this place 5 stars was either drunk as a skunk when they went there and therefore couldn't enjoy the food or just doesn't like good fresh mexican food at an incredible price.. Come on........pork tacos at two bucks each. It can't last, but I sure hope it does.
Okay so this place is on the run down north end of the strip between the Rivier and the Encore but oh is the food wonderful.  I am a big fan of authentic mexican tacos made from the cuts of meat you do not get everywhere.  The sudero and cabeza tacos were fantastic.  The meat was good even with the little bits of fat.  The campenchana fries were also well worth the money.  You can find fancier americanized mexican food in Las Vegas but this is the real deal.   Tacos run about the $2 a piece and the meat covered fries run about $10 for a large order.   It gets busy in this place but there isa reason for that.  I cannot wait to go back on my next trip.
Man, I missed Tijuana and their taco stands all over.  Then I walked in to this place and I was transported there.  I loved it. As authentic as it comes.
The last time I was here I do not remember much lol. I think I fell asleep but I remember the last time it was a lot smaller. I came this time and business must be booming because its completely remodeled now! Its pretty nice now. and will accommodate more people. Went here on a Sunday night with my girlfriend so it wasn't very packed at all. Their ordering system is a little confusing but the food made up for it. I usually hate Tacos with guacamole but these absolutely changed my mind about that. I had the carne asada tacos and they are delicious!
Oh my goodness....THIS...is freaking amazing!!!! . . Pretty much every review below mine has covered everything. From the price, the flavoring and taste of these tacos....I know I'll be addicted to these. I've already gone twice in the past week alone.. . Street tacos to the max! Small in size but packed with flavoring.. . This is located on the Las Vegas Strip, so all your drunk tourists can stop by here after a night of drunken nightclubbing and sober up with these tacos.. . For you So Cali peeps: You know King Taco? Yeah...that infamous place with bombass carne asada tacos. Well....TACOS EL GORDO is giving King Taco a run for its money. Maybe this surpasses King Taco. Who knows? I'll let you decide. So if you had KT before, you got to try these tacos out!!!!!! These won't disappoint, I promise.
Seriously awesome taco shop! We had the tacos de adobada (spicy pork), asada (steak), and suadero (beef shoulder). The pork was my fav!!! We also got the grilled onions and peppers, and paletas for dessert! Mmmm gotta try this place if you like tacos!
We loved the authentic food. Fast. Clean. Hospitable.
What can i say! The food speaks for itself, I go here at least 4 times a month thats every Friday night! The best authentic Tijuana flavor you've ever had! I Love Tacos El Gordo! Everything was so great! Service, atmosphere, cleanliness, it's all there plus the bomb ass Mexican foods!, Thanks and I hope this helps!
If I keep eating the delicious tacos at Tacos El Gordo, I'll become even more gordo myself.  . . Tacos El Gordo are the most authentic tacos this side of Tijuana, wait a sec ...
Sooooo amazing!!! El pastor tacos with that green sauce mmmmmm.
Best tacos on the Las Vegas Strip. Tacos El Gordo is like a pyramid scheme. My friend took me here once, I got addicted to it then I started to bring my friends. After my friends tried it, they bring their own friends to try it. The foods are good and they open late. If you have a mid-night hunger, picks Tacos El Gordo over Taco Bell!!
You know the tacos are good when you only see Mexicans eating there.  I ordered the beef brain, beef head, and cow tongue tacos.  The cow tongue tacos here were hands-down the BEST tacos lenguas I've ever hadin my life.  It was too spicy for me (you can ask them not to put the sauce on), and I still thought they were super delicious. I love cow tongue tacos, and these were really the best ever.  Tacos cost around $2 each, with the exception of the tacos lenguas, which were $2.25 each.  Worth it!  My brothers got the spicy pork tacos, and they said those were the best they ever ate.  They also have a bunch of other things like cow tongue fries, sopas, and other traditional Mexican foods, but I'll save that for next time.  Yep, go to this place.  Cheap good food, and it's enough to satisfy your stomach.
The best adobabo ever.  I have had Mexican food all around Southern California and this place by far has the best.  Crispy and soft... hmmm.  Both in a taco and on fries, you just can't go wrong.  This will be a must visiting everytime I am out.
I haven't been to their location in San Diego, but this place is LEGIT. SOOOOOOO BOMB. Worth the wait in line for sure. Forget about the buffets, the PHO joints off the strip, forget all of it! Tacos El Gordo FTW!!!! . . I ordered carne asada and spicy pork my first time and after having the spicy pork, I completely forgot about my carne asada taco. The carne asada fries are also delicious. . . I just stated salivating thinking about these tacos and fries.
Best tacos in vegas. Tasty. N there open late a plus.
I am rarely on the Strip so I usually get tacos at their E. Charleston location. Nonetheless, on the remote chance that I have been drinking on the Strip, this is the place to come to soak up the alcohol. The only downside is that there will be a hundred more drunken people (likely more drunk than you btw). . . Each time I come here I find that they've taken over more space, pretty damn impressive.  I come here and order one thing only, the tacos al pastor. They are the bomb, seriously. Order six, you'll thank me later.
I absolutely love this place.  My must-have is the tripe taco - hands down thee best of the bunch.  This is the dish that I always order. The tripe is crunchy, yet chewy.  It may be a bit oily but that's what happens when it's deep-fried before it's minced and served. If you decide to get this or any other taco, tostada, burrito, or nachos, just make sure to get everything on it, else it just won't taste right.  You can also ask for some free sauteed scallions and peppers, which are actually quite good as a side with your dish.  Their horchata is pretty damn good, too - none of that powderiness that lingers in others's mix. . . This place gets pretty packed, espcially on weekends and nights.  I couldn't imagine it any other way, though.  Well, actually I can, but it's on the strip, and the place has great food and for very decent prices. Regardless if you are drunk, coherent, strolling around the area, or hungry for some Mexican food, check this place out.
Best EL PASTOR tacos ever!
This place serves the best Mexican food I have ever had!  Can't skip on the Carne Asada Fries and any of their tacos!
This place is awesome!! It was as if my grandma and aunts were back there cooking for me ( and I know they weren't because they are in my hometown not cooking for me) I had six tacos de lengua (cow tongue, dont turn your face all wrinkled either cuz that stuff is good, try to expand your palate you simp). Anyhoo, I will be going back there again.
Probably some of the best tacos I have had employees are nice to!
Tacos El Gordo blew me away with their attentive staff, impossibly clean bathroom (lots of graffiti, but clean), low prices ($2 tacos), and expectation surpassing food. I had three tacos. . . Steak taco was the least good. Topped with guac and salsa, interestingly the steak was somehow very smokey tasting despite them grilling it before my eyes. Had the flavor you'd get if you threw a steak into a barbeque with wood chips. The flavor was good, but seemed out of place in a taco.. . Spicy pork suffers from false advertising. Not at all spicy. The pork inhabits a vertical spinning spit usually seen at your favorite Gyro spot. It's basically a take on Chinese Char Siu (Roast Pork). They've even colored it red and have a pineapple at the top of the spit which they give a squeeze to every once in a while to keep the sweet glaze going. Quite interesting, although not as juicy as I'd like since they seem to have kept mostly lean pieces.  A shame.. . The chorizo is their masterpiece. you order it and they cut a link loose and burst the insides out of the casing onto the grill followed by some sauce. I'm at a loss for words, but not appetite. . . If you want your mind blown, the only word you need to know when entering Tacos El Gordo is Chorizo.
Awesome! Authentic delicious and highly recommended by me.
ERRRRMAHHHGERRRDDD!!!!. . Came here with a drunk friend. Yeah, I had to babysit and he was craving tacos. Mini tacos. I don't even know how to explain the deliciousness of these tacos!!! I had the lengua, adobada, and carne asada. Yum, yum, yummy!. . Best part is that you can bring in alcohol. They give you a brown bag to put it in (I know, how classy is that). Beer + tacos = YUM!!!. . DO: bring someone who speaks spanish to order for you so they won't mess up your food.. DON'T: be belligerent and drunk and be all over the place.
Lo mas mejor!!!. . I haven't had TJ style tacos since probably 2001 and that's a long freaking time! Born and raised in LA with frequent trips to Mexico all throughout childhood and well into adulthood, borderline/street tacos was our breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snack. So it's only natural that this place is what hits home!. . Super cheap tacos and aguas frescas to wash it all down; I was in heaven. You can get full with $20 as tacos are $2 each! We ordered 6 tacos; 4 de carne asada, 1 de lengua, and 1 de sesos. Lime wedges as well as radish slices were available to complete your meal. No long lines, fast service, ample seating indoors and outdoors, and music playing while you eat! . . There's nothing else to say than it felt like home the moment I walked in. We'll be coming back before we leave. I need my Mexican fix before I leave Vegas. You will be missed!!!
Nothing bears authentic Mexican tacos! I spent 8 yrs in Mexico so I can truly say this is the real thing! My husband is veggie and he had thevveggie quesadilla, spicy! I had 2 asado tacos and one spicy pork  with the lot! Delicious and Affordable!
I love this place! In this touristy (read fake) town this is as local as you want for great tacos and good prices! I ordered many tacos ($2 ea/ avg) and was full, but not broke! Carne Asasda, puerco adobada, you name it's authentic! Excellent food!
best dam tacos in Las Vegas
Excellent. I am from Omaha and thoroughly enjoyed Tacos El Gordo. There are numerous options for tacos (steak/spicy pork/etc) and all are reasonably priced ($2 a taco). . . Anyways, there are 400+ reviews for this place and it's clearly highly rated. I agree with this high rating and plan on going back here every time I am in Vegas.
El Gordo is as good as they come. I wrote a review for the one in SD and this one is just as good as might even be better because of their excellent service. The service was super friendly and always had a smile on. I was really REALLY impressed with the way they treated us. . . I personally recommend Adobado because it is simply the best. Watching the guy knife off from the pork that is spinning and then grilling it on the grill until there is some crisp to it with their own made tortilla(which is awesome) and their home made guacomole sauce is simply AMAZING. I'm not even exaggerating how amazing it is but if you're not too into pork then..... . I really love their Cabeza(which I tried to go to other places) and other places really suck and I thought it was disgusting. Simply they make the best cabeza which I never thought I would like, but it is just so good and drolling here. OF course, the other thing I absolutely love is Lengua. I don't think I had any lengua from other tacos joints to be this good. I just feel like you have the 3 choices which you simply can't forget to get and it's just so amazing.. . I'm simply drooling from thinking about it right now but I'm just so far away. Oh El Gordo how i miss you so.. . Perfect Drunk Food NOT TO MENTION :D
Lengua tacos are tha bomb, on fresh handmade tortillas. Pina drink is a nice treat. Line system is a little ridiculous - different lines for different meats - which makes it a pain to try different meats. Carne asada was not as good as the lengua.
Buzzed or walking the strip drunk? tacos el gordo is the place to go for a late night craving. All the times I have gone (weekday or weekend) they have been busy. This hole in the wall offers indoor and outdoor seating. They have one of the top street tacos in Vegas. Its locatedright off the side of circus circus and the wynn. . . The tacos are $2 a piece and are loaded with meat, salsa, cilantro onions and possibly pineapple if you get the pastor tacos. They also ask if you would like grilled onions and jalapenos on the side. The lines are quick and the cooks don't waste time standing around, if your not ready to order move aside. The roasted and marinating meat are waiting to be chowed down on.
Best deal ever.  We stayed at the Wynn...but didn't want to pay Wynn prices for the late night munchies.  This place was crazy busy at 2am.  I ordered 2 carne asada tacos w/ everything.  Came with guacamole, too...for $2 each. They had a bar with radishes.  Only complaint is that I'd love to see a salsa bar.  At $2 a pop, I can't complain. They had plenty of seating outdoors. Super yummy and will be on my must do list from here on out.
I'm from Los Angeles CA, and even though we have some amazing taco trucks, I think these might just be the best tacos I have had in my life. The spicy pork (adobada) - but called pastor elsewhere, is knock your socks off fantastic. The chorizo and pork shoulder are great as well. I was adventurous and even tried the beef brain (sesos) and the beef head (cabeza). The brain is super unique,. It is extremely tender, almost mushy, and has a nice gamey aftertaste. The cabeza has more of a shredded beaf kind of texture, think pulled pork, but with some gaminess as well. I wouldn't order either again, but they were fun to try.
HOLY JESUS!! Preeeeeeeeetty damn close to tacos from the taco stands in Mexico. The Al Pastor is the best, hands down! Not a huge fan of pork but this pork is on another level. ;-) Loved the Lengua (tongue) but was not fan of the Adobada tacos. . These Taco Shops are usually always busy but this location in particular is ALWAYS packed because it's on the strip, especially after midnight. . . The quesadillas are to backflip for! they crisp the tortilla, melt the cheese and add meat-SO DELISH!...try everything you can possibly fit in your tummy!
This Mexican place to eat is on the strip at the top. Its close to Encore hotel. . . Tried the Spicy pork and Asada tacos, and Asada Quesdadilla. They were all delicious! Best taco and quesadilla I've ever had! Very fresh and flavorful. We even ordered to-go for later late night munchies.. . Fast service and inexpensive. You order first and then go to the cashier to pay.
Tacos El Gordo is the spot . Best tacos in Vegas! It's like they brought  TJ to the strip ! If anyone thinks other wise they must not know what a Great taco taste like. It might be alittle confusing to order and the wait might be long but I'm telling you it's well worth it . Oh and make sure to tip the cook if you want some extra meat! It works every time .
CARNE ASADA DELICIOUSNESS in my mouth! My friends have been telling me about this joint ever since they came back from their Vegas trip, so I knew I had to check this place out for my edc trip. . . They have so many different meats you can choose from, but of course I love my carne asada so I got four of those. The meat was so juicy, tender, and well seasoned... Just like how my Mexican babysitter used to make em. . . The boyfriend had carne asada fries and couldn't even finish a half order...! So beware, if you want their carne asada or any other fries.. Get the half order if you're just eating them yourself! He also had their al pastor taco. He seemed to love both. . . Workers were very friendly too. Especially since we walked in when there was everyone and their mom from Vegas - lines were out the door! This place goes down in the books for another must stop whenever I'm on the strip!
Everytime i go to Vegas, i go to this place for sure. These are the best tacos ever. Im from Mexico and they have the closest flavors and looks from the original tacos in Mexico.. . You can choose from too many different meats: asada,adobada,lengua,chorizo,tripa,sesos. I usually order adobada tacos,they're the best from my point of view..  I also order a Vampiro, its like a quesadilla stuffed with carne asada, highly recommendable. They offer free grilled onions and chilli peppers. I also get.  horchata its ok and not that sweet.. . If you go to Vegas,this place its a must go. Its very affordable,opens after hours . and closes at 4 am in the morning.Tacos are just $2 dlls.....and they are worth it!!!!
YUM!!YUMMM!!!!YUMMMMMMMM!!! . . The best tacos i've had to date! And i've had a lot of tacos. lol. I had the chorizo, pork, and lengua tacos. ALL SOOOO GOOD!! My favorite was the pork... Juicy, perfectly seasoned, the salsa was delicious, everyone was soooooo nice, it was just overall a great choice for a late breakfast/lunch. Very good price!. . There are many places in vegas to eat and i went to alot of food places while there and i can honestly say this is one of the one's i would religiously return to every visit. . . That is all!
Best meal I have all weekend in Vegas it beats most expensive buffets
excellent tacos, but adobada and head tacos called my attention !!!. decent price at $2 dollars most tacos. plenty of meat.. . only disappointment is that you have to order separately your tacos (eg. asada, adobada, chorizo, etc,and make line separately for different meats, thus first tacos ordered will get cold before you get all your order together,,,,,,, otherwise i'll be perfect !!! . . worth coming back ... BEST TACOS IN VEGAS  !!!!
One of my favorite late night taco spots!. . I love me some Mexican food, and this spot just happens to be a block away from where I work! The best part is its open really late on the weekends so when I leave the club around 4am I can get my fix of some of the BEST PASTOR TACOS (Adobada) I've had in Vegas. They have several different lines depending on the type of filling you want: Asada, Adobada, and then Lengua,Tripas, etc. and everything is prepared fresh in front of you customized however you like. You can even order off the menu like Nopales (cactus) which is also very good. They even provide you grilled peppers and green onions that you can munch while you wait. . . I would imaging being drunk as hell would just amplifiy the already super delicious eats here cause I always see a couple people I ended up having to kick out of the club there! Its really busy and loud at 4am and it always makes for a great atmosphere! They have security there too so even if you're scurred don't hesitate to come and get some great food!
Best tacos in Vegas! If your ever on the strip and your hungry for tacos then go here. You will not be disappointed.
The VAMPIROS are to die for! I went there last weekend with my friends and they introduced me to arguably one of the best mexican places I've ever had the pleasure of eating at. The only question is, what's better Taco's el gordo or Roberto's? They are both awesome and if you like mexican food you should go to both!
I love Tacos El Gordo, its fresh and simple mexican food.    For ordering stand in the line according to the meat you want, you want pork , stand in the line in front of the huge spinning pork meat on a spic.  Steak stand in the steak line, look for the signs.  When its not busy it doesn't matter, but when this place is rocking, the lines are 5-7 people deep, standing in the wrong line cause issues.  . . I have had the steak and pork tacos, both are great.   If you are near the Wynn, try this place.
These tacos are made from heaven..no really!!! . . I use to think King Taco from L.A. were the best for a looong time UNTIL . tacos de suadero & I cross paths for the very first time...it was like love at first sight.. no really! . . I usually don't eat out much & when I do it has to be amazing balls otherwise I will get sick or not like it. They are a bit greasy but I didn't get sick which means they are not as greasy as Alberto's (gross) t!! ..BTW I can't believe other reviewers are comparing it to Alberto's....Tacos el Gordo is waaaaay better!!!. . They are made fresh & on the spot! I don't even have words to describe my love for the suadero, I wish I knew more places like this around here.
When you arrive here, you could be a little put off by the location. Don't worry, go in and enjoy! These guys are fantastic, and they really make you feel welcomed! Get the pork adobada tacos, infact get 3 and then add a carne asada into the mix! This place is the real deal and is as close to authentic as you will get this side of the border. Can't wait to go back!
This place is a MUST when I come to Vegas. Who can say no to delicious, affordable tacos that are available at all the right hours? Perfect for late night bites as well as mid-day snacks/lunch/indulgence.. . I've tried a good variety, but my favorites are still Beef Tongue and Spicy Pork. Beef shoulder is good, but a little tough and not as tender as the tongue. Brain is an interesting choice, but only if you are a foodie wanting to try new things. My least favorite so far is the tripe - don't get me wrong, I love eating tripe, but this just wasn't the way I liked it. It just tasted too organ-y if that makes any sense.. . The food in quesadilla form is also pretty tasty... Ahh my stomach GROWLS as I am typing this!
5/21: I've been here a few times; every time has been awesome! I haven't been to many Mexican restaurants, although I can't imagine better tacos out there. . . These tacos are so good, fresh, and cheap...max value for $2 each! You can definitely leave here full and satisfied for under $10. . . I've had the Spicy Pork and Steak Tacos. The fries are awesome as well. . . TIP: Make sure you ask for the freshly cut pineapple if you get Spicy Pork! . . The chefs are pretty friendly as well. I love that you can watch them cut the meat from the rack and prepare your order. . . I even overheard some guy at the Bellagio say "Tacos El Gordo." The word is out. Just about everyone will love this place! . . Whenever the weather is nice, sitting outside can be very relaxing while eating these delicious tacos. . . Amazing food! I want some right now!
Hands down the best authentic Mexican meal you can get in Vegas at a good price. After you order your first round of tacos you'll be going back for round two. Tacos El Gordo rivals anything I've had in So Cal the Mecca of authentic Mexican food.
BEST TACO EVER! . . Adobada Pork!. . Ask for extra salsa. . Ask for the plate of veggies.. . EVEN BETTER WHEN DRUNK!. . Right next to the Wynn. They had live music at around 2am...!. . . So SooooooOOOOooo GOOOOD!. . -Give it a try!
Every time I am out until late, this is what I crave before I go home.  They offer all kinds of meats from tripe to tongue, the tacos are small but very tasty and they give you grilled onions or peppers on the side if you ask.  They have this dish called MULAS which is basically a sandwich made of tortillas, with the meat of your choice, cheese, and beans and it is absolutely yummy.. Their tripe is pretty good, although I'd prefer it more crunchy!. Adobada tacos are AMAZING and the steak are good also.\
This place is amazing, and, despite it obviously being a Yelp darling, it never felt like it when I was there.  That's a good thing.  . . My buddy and I ate there three nights in a row during a recent trip.  Two late, late night trips and one early night trip.  . . The food was consistently great all three nights.  The tacos are freshly prepared using obviously fresh ingredients and taste delicious.  I can't say I've had better and certainly not in Vegas.  . . The place draws a crowd, but it's equipped to handle it, and the lines move quick.  Pay for your food, find a seat, and enjoy.  . . Douches and hipsters, and especially hipster douches, you wouldn't like it.
I'm usually very picky about my tacos, but holy shit these guys an gals throw down here!!
Being from East Side San Jose, I am fortunate enough to have an array of awesome taquerias to grub at, but this place is the BEST taqueria ever! Thanks so much to my homie, Ruben for showing me the epicness that is Tacos El Gordo. Luckily, the first time I entered with the homie, there was no line so ordering and getting the food was almost instant. However, when I came EDC weekend, the lines were out the door! Nonetheless, this food is totally worth waiting for. The stuff that I have tried here include: Al pastor tacos, al pastor quesadilla, and a half order of carne asada fries.. . The al pastor meat is seriously the best al pastor I've ever indulged in. The meat is super tender, juicy, well marinated, and overall awesome. I love the nice little crunch the outside of the meat has from the rotisserie cooking process. The al pastor tacos also get some toppings such as cilantro, onion, and a creamy sauce. As for the carne asada fries, the portions are huge. A regular order can feed about 4-5 people and a half order can take care of 2-3 people. The fries are perfectly crisp and are covered with delicious carne asada, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and some other sauce...drool worthy deliciousness. Not only do they have epic food, but their drink machine options are unique and refreshing. I absolutely am in love with their Orange Bahng drink. Overall, this taqueria is the seriously the best ever.
After finding out about this place on a Vegas podcast I listen to (Shout out to the Five Hundy By Midnight Podcast!) I make it a point to come here at least once on my trip.. . These are hands down the best tacos I've ever eaten. So good!. . My standard order is usually 3 tacos and a Horchata to wash it all down. . I highly recommend the pork belly tacos (I usually order at least 2). . They have seating both indoors and out (under a tent) and as you can imagine, seats indoors (AC!) in the Summer fill up quick.. . Tacos are $2 each and a bargain if you ask me.. . Can't wait to go back and get myTacos El Gordo fix!
Best tacos I've had in Vegas. The pork tacos cured my slight hangover. I also was deprived from sleep, only slept 3 hours, and after stuffing my mouth with these mouth watering tacos instantaneously my  soul was lifted. Cured my hangover and also gave me the energy needed to overcome another day of partying. Definitely worthy of five stars!
The tacos are really fresh. The only problem is the lines, but thats what you get when you have a good product. The Adovada Fries were really good. We need this in LA.
Best tacos in Las Vegas. . . Los mejores taco en Las Vegas.
While at work in the casino some random hotel guest walked up to me and asked me if I knew what time Tacos El Gordo opens in the morning.. I guess I just look like the kinda gal who would know. And who loves Mexican food with all her heart. . . Anyway two words: ADOBADA. FRIES.. . If I could eat these every day for the rest of my life and not get fat(..ter) I DEFINITELY WOULD.. . They freshly shave the grilled spicy pork off of the rotating stack and sprinkle it onto perfectly crispy french fries topped with fresh FRESH guacamole, cheese, and sour cream. Equally delicious whether sober or highly intoxicated. The small size is more than enough for one person. . . Oh and they close at 3 AM and will not let you in after that time. :( make sure you get there before then so you don't have to resort to Denny's.
My favorite place to go especially after a late night out being that they are open till 3am on the weekdays and 5am on the weekends (Fri/Sat).  . . The adobada is extremely popular and usually has a long line but don't forget about the lengua or cabeza which are my personal favorites.  All of the tacos are very fresh being that they do so much business it feels like you're ordering "a la minute" and range from $2.00-$2.50 each.  Must get is also the grilled green onions and jalapenos which are complimentary for your order.
Long lines worth the wait everthings fresh even handmade tortillas great deal $2 tacos
Hold up, Wait . a . minute. Amazing Legit Tacos for $2 each , RIGHT ON THE STRIP?! Yep, that's right. Right by Encore, just a few steps from the taxi waiting area.... you'll find a plaza chock-full of eateries, including Tacos El Gordo. . . My friends and I tried the Carne Asada and the Pork Adobada (Spicy Pork) tacos, and we were not dissapointed. On a hot day in Vegas, the refreshing horchata helped too. The tacos are topped with this amazing green cream sauce, onions and salsa. It's so simple yet so AMAHHZING. and the homemade tortillas? perfect consistency. I'm definitely coming back here soon, and adding this to my "Vegas Diet" list. . . CAAA CHOOWW!
Is a must whenever I go to Vegas. Love it here the prices are great
The pork adobada tacos were the best tacos I have ever had. I tried the carne asada as well - which were good but not as good as the pork.  I wish there was one closer to my house, I may never wonder what to have for dinner again
Lines can get long, prices for a small taco is up there at $2+, but this place is totally still worth it!. . If you're a newbie, I would highly suggest the adobada taco!. . It's located on the northern side of the strip closer to Circus Circus and the Wynn.
Definitely a great spot to go eat at Las Vegas! I went expecting a huge line because of the reviews I had read on yelp.. But the line was actually pretty short! I went around 6:30p on a Sunday. . Pros - they make your food right in front of you so you get your food faster.. . Cons - there's separate lanes for each different type of meat.. . Oh! And the Adobada fries are MUCH better than the Carne Asada fries from Alberto's.. The meat doesn't have a bunch of fat like the meat in Alfredo's does.. . . Overall this is a spot to try! I am definitely coming back! :)
after moving away from san diego, i always miss tacos el gordo for their amazing sopes. i do not care for the tacos or whatever else they seem to make. it is their SOPES people. all my friends order sopes too, cuz they know what's up! its awesome to know vegas has two locations now!. . get their carne asada sopes.. . i repeat, CARNE ASADA SOPES!!!!!!!!!!!!. . if u dont love it, meals on me. :)
I probably have zipped by this place dozens of times and didn't realize what I've been missing. The adobada is the best I have ever had. Hands down the best authentic street taco joint!! The adobada had such deep layers of flavor and melts in your mouth. We had ordered a variety of tacos to see which will be our go to when we return. The carne Asada had a great smoked flavor while very tender like the adobada. I also tried the chorizo and once again I savored ever bite to fully enjoy all of the spice and complimenting flavors. But it was the adobada that was the winner. I would have loved to buy a container of that meat. Open till 5 am this place will be my new late night grub stop.
Seriously the best taco place in Las Vegas. I've lived here for 8 years and I've never found a place as good as this. Roberto's is all right if you're looking for convenience cause there's one on every corner but if you're something top notch it's this, especially their Tacos de Adobada. . . The only cons are that on certain nights the lines can be super long. I went last Thursday and the line was absurd. My brother and I had to wait 30 minutes and I am not exaggerating. But anyway, it usually shouldn't be like this. If you're looking for quality tacos, this is the place!
Wow wow wow.  This place is out of control good.  They even have chorizo tacos that were the bomb.
The spicy pork tacos are amazing!!!!!!! This is a must try place in Vegas. Regardless, if the rest of you meals are at 4 star restaurants this place is worth the trip. I only stay at the Encore so its near by but, even if you are staying at Mandalay Bay its worth the trip. I will eat every time I go to Vegas, which always happens at least one time a year.
El Gordo is possibly the most amazing taqueria I have ever been to. It's completely frantic at lunchtime, so know the system: there's one line for the adobada (spicy pork) tacos, one for the other kinds of taco, and a third for everything else on the menu. You're going to want plenty of the divine adobada, full of meat fresh off the spit and garnished with avocado, cilantro, onions, and just a bit of tangy sauce. But you also can't miss the flavorful lengua or the tender cabeza, so your friend should stand in the other line to order those. A third person, if you have one, should grab some limes and radishes and nab one of the picnic tables outside. A happy taco feast will follow.. . El Gordo is also a late night lifesaver. I think there's like 5 hours in the day when they're not open.
Isn't it Always true about the hole in the wall places ..they always serve the best food..best tacos I ever had.. Don't miss the lengua, spicy pork ( order both corn and flour ) , the free side of onion and pepper (its hot)is great...2 people 6 tacos and a drink for $20. Unbelievable !
best tacos i have ever tasted EVER! i tried the spicy pork, the vietnamese dish called (xa sew) brilliant idea to make it into tacos! So juicy & bursting with so much flavor. They had this spicy green specialty sauce poured ontop. $2 is expensive for a taco, but it's so worth the money! i also tried the steak but it doesnt compare to the spicy pork. & they didnt have the incredible sauce with the steak.
Best taco I've ever had in my life.  PERIOD.  The price is so far below the astronomical prices of the Strip it isn't even funny.  Authentic, friendly and excellent food quality make this place the best and one of the cheapest meals I've ever had in Las Vegas.  Bravo!
Tacos de adobada, my FAVORITE!!! Yumm! The sopes de adobada are too bomb!! You have to try them! I never mind waiting in line, the food is worth it! Always leave a good tip! :D
This place has the best authentic Mexican tacos  in Vegas. period. You have to stand in line for each type of taco you would like to order and that can take a while to get your tacos, but this place is completely worth the wait. I frequent this place almost every week. If you want the true experience of Mexican cuisine make sure you get everything on your tacos. They will ask you if you want everything on it. My personal favorites here are Adobada (spicy pork) and carnitas. The adobada isn't too spicy and has wonderful salsa and creamy guac on them. Don't go anywhere else if you are looking for the best authentic Mexican food in town!
I legit love this place!  It's definitely a go to spot after a night of partying.  I ALWAYS order a couple of the Spicy Pork tacos which I think is the best type of meat they serve.  Their Spicy Pork fries are also a great choice, but I will suggest ordering half of a full size order because even their half size fries can feed about 2-3 people.  They also provide grilled peppers and green onions for free and they go great with just about anything you're eating at the place.  . . This place definitely is the best taco place in town!
Best Mexican food I have ever had.  Make sure you try the mulas and tacos.  try all if meats but make sure you eat the spicy pork.
As crazy as it sounds to go to a taco place while in Vegas you should give this place a try. It is the best taco outside of Mexico. Take it from me in a professional Mexican. It will be packed so be prepared to wait and one line per meat choice is crazy.. . Update. Going back to Vegas for Tacos straight from the airport. Gordo, open up a place in the Bay Area.
Wow! We love $2 tacos. Good selection of meats.  We had the asada and spicy pork, with a side of the grilled peppers. . . Tip - each type of meat has its own line. So, don't stand in the lengua/tripe line if you want spicy pork. . . I had three tacos but should've had five. :-). . This place is a huge bonus to staying at the Wynn/Encore. It is literally across the street.
It has become a weekly routine to come down to Tacos El Gordo for dessert on the weekend. Yepperz you heard that right.... dessert. I like the Asada tacos and they are $2 each. I don't like any of that guacamole sauce they put on it. They have signs to let you know what each line is for so make sure and pay attention because these lines can be mad crazy. If you like grilled peppers and veggies then ask for a plate of them free of charge. You can also ask them to put foil on your plate if you want it to go or you can sit at tables they have set up under a tent style area outside. If you like good ass tacos them come here.
This is the best taco joint I have ever visited. First act like a local and stand in the line for the meat you want, second just get in the adobada line and thank me later. The adobada tacos with the green secret sauce will leave you a fan for life. Can't wait to get back!
Adobada tacos. SOOOO GOOD! No visit to Vegas is complete without a visit or two to this wonderful establishment. The food here is good any time of the day - breakfast, lunch, dinner, late night snack. . You order at each station (they all specialize in one/two types of meat). You get your food and pay at the cashier. The first time we went, it was empty and we were confused so the nice ladies walked us through the entire process very patiently.. I will always make sure to make a visit here every time I visit Vegas. This place is THAT GOOD!
My favorite taco place!. . I have to visit every time I come to vegas and it seems like I always get the same thing. The Adobada tacos (spicy pork). The creamy green sauce makes the taco even more delicious.. . I've also had the half order of the carne asada fries. For two people, this is usually plenty because they fill up the half togo box full of fries and they give you a good amount of meat. And what makes it better? THE CREAMY GREEN SAUCE! The fries are crunchy and they come right out of the fryer.. . I'm going to keep coming back until this place either disappears or stops making good food (hopefully that never happens) =]
This place is now a must every time I visit Vegas. $2 each for all that good stuff?! So worth it! This weekend was my first time and I had little expectations. It was confusing at first, but I got the hang of it. Each line has it's own meat, so pay attention to the signs. After a night of clubbing, it was crazy packed but moved fairly quickly. I loved it so much, I got some more the next night. Can't wait to make another visit, with a Fat Tuesday to accompany my meal.
A slice of Mexico right on the Las Vegas strip. Originally from Tijuana, this taco joint is not for the faint hearted. Choice of meat includes beef tongue, beef shoulder and pork all freshly prepared and resting on delicious tortillas under a generous helping of fresh cilantro, onions and peppers. And you thought Tijuana was oNly for cheap booze and raunchy bars.. When in Vegas stop here and your taco cravings will be satisfied.. Viva Mexico!
Delicious tacos, great price, and friendly service. What more can you ask from a taco shop? I got adventurous and tried the cabesa taco and I loved it. The meat is always very fresh and they cut it off of skewers as you order it. . . My favorite meat here is the lengua. Try it and you will not be disappointed.
Can't get enough so good I keep coming twice in a day!!
this place is about authentic as mexican taco hole in the wall or taco trucks get, the cooks are quick to make your order, it's fresh and deliciously prepared right in front of your eyes as your mouth waters while the cook chops away at the sizzling meats.., simple tacos with a variety of meats topped with onion, cilantro, and salsa..that's all you need!
Love this place!! You can never go wrong here!!! Order the Mulas with flower tortillas and Al Pastor.
If you love tacos, this is your kind of place.. . If you don't love tacos, it will change your life.
this place IS YOUR JACKPOT in Vegas therefore you must try it, no exceptions!!. Huge bonus is that it opens late and the price is inexpensive. The food quality is top notch-hard-to-find Mexican food. They cook the meat on the spot so you'll get to enjoy the most fresh delicious juicy taco. There really isn't any con about this place, but if I were to pick one thing, since it is SO popular... the line will test your patience. Seriously, this place gets never ending customers any time of the day! . What are you doing reading this review?? Go try it now!! :) . I highly recommend the spicy pork taco . YUMMMMM
I'd never expect to find such a great taco joint on the strip. This place gives some of the big name taco shops in LA a run for their money! The chorizo vampiros are a must try and for about $2 an item, it's even more worth the try!
I used to go south of the border to have tacos... Now I go to Tacos El Gordo! So so GOOD! We hit up this taco place every time we are in Vegas at least twice.
Tacos Al Pastor of the Trumpa, Carne Asada of the Mesquite Grill, home made Tortillas made scratch as you eat and free guacamole for days. This place deserves 10 stars for what they are doing. I ate here 3 times in 2 days while in Vegas and would of went back more if I could of. Please Tacos El Gordo move all over the country because you truly are amazing. This is the go to place for Tacos in vegas and just like they were when I was a kid eating in TJ.
You can't beat this place in food or clientele late at night.  The adobado tacos were awesome.  We fed the entire family of 5 for under $40, and in Vegas that can't be beat.  Amazing food!  This place was entirely packed.  An ambulance pulled up and parked there to eat too, a sure sign that this is good food...  medics don't wait for food that might be bad.  Because there's a good chance we will get a call while we are waiting for food, and why would you wait in line for bad food???  There's a very good tip for everyone...
Driving to Vegas our first stop was a taco place , of course "taco el Gordo " . Was my first time trying it , hands down best taco I've eaten  so far. . Fresh meat that cooks in front you ,grilled veggies , the employee are nice too. Great place worth every penny
This is a fantastic overall value, open late, and very tasty.. . The store is located in a strip mall that is kind of sketchy. While it is on Las Vegas Blvd, I wouldn't really consider it walking distance from even the Wynn/Encore, which is the nearest major hotel. Also, when you come in there are various lines for different types of meat, but if you just talk with the cooks they'll help you out and get you what you want to order. You don't have to go to the right line.. . Also, they offer free cebolitas, including grilled green onions and a jalapeno pepper, and also free pineapple with the spicy pork/adobada/al pastor (these are all the same thing here). You have to ask :). . The different meats also come with different sauces as defaults. So don't be surprised by that!. . I thought the spicy pork/adobada/al pastor was by far the best, though I had no complaints about the carne asada either!
Came here on a Saturday night and it was packed to the brim.  Chose to stand in the Adobada line since it was the shortest and seemed to be moving the fastest.  Would have preferred to try the Asada but wasn't worth the wait.  After about 15-20 minutes of waiting in a line in a hot and crowded room, we get to the front and I ask the guy what else I can get in the line and he said he would recommend the beef shoulder.  We ended up getting 4 Adobada tacos and 4 beef shoulder tacos.  I was extremely skeptical because I just didn't think it was worth the wait and being from LA, I've had what I considered great tacos before.  Well, this place topped them all by a large margin.  I would recommend both tacos that we got.  The beef shoulder was slow cooked and cut fresh, and the Adobada was cooking on the vertical spit.  The Adobada was perfectly cooked with a smoky flavor that I don't think is reproducible.  The beef shoulder was slow cooked and tender and would take too much time to do.  There is a wait but it is well worth it.  This place is the blueprint for how a taco joint should be run.  Quality food, preparation, and selection.  Effing amazing!
oh Tacos El Gordo, you definately take me back to the days when I was 18 and partying in Tijuana, Mexico!! . . Love the tacos although I normally stick to the carne asada and adobado (con todo) and the quesadillas are AMAZING! The quesadillas are different than how I remember- they have a tortilla (corn or flour) and then the cheese and meat of choice, then they had a crunchy fried tortilla on top! . . Another menu item I love is the adobada fries(half size)- I'm not one hundred percent sure what the green sauce is but its delicious! . . My friend Tony tried the lengua, cabeza, and tripe and he thinks that the cabeza should be "highly recommended". . Needless to say, everytime I go I overindulge and have to hit the gym hard to compensate lol. . **I truly wish it were a 24 hour establishment, but then again maybe its a good thing it's not!. . **also- BRING CASH for tips! there are tip jars all along the counter for the people who are slaving away cooking these food coma-inducing treats!
In addition to my favorite adobada tacos (originating from SD), I've also discovered the adobada fries! It's $5 for a small box and (I think) $10 for a large. You could easily share the large with 3-4 people, even though you may not want to because it's so good! Fries, adobada, cheese, guacamole, and sour cream. YUM!
It's funny how everyone is pleased, but that one bitch below!  LOL  Well, but then again, it'll be boring if everyone agreed.  You can never please everyone.  I just have to say that this place makes the best, legit Mexican tacos!!!  I've been coming to this branch for years now.  I used to go to the other branches, but this is now my favorite, being on the strip and all.  I'm currently vacationing in Australia right now, and I've been craving and dreaming of their adobada and carne asada tacos.  That'll be the first thing I'm gonna eat, when I get back to my Las Vegas home!  Keep doing what you're doing, coz you're doing it right!  Acknowledge the positive comments, and just ignore the negative.  They're just haters.  At least the good thing is, they won't be back to spoil our fun at Tacos El Gordo!  Much love! Ciao!
What more can you say about a late night taco shop located on the Las Vegas strip that has over 500 yelp reviews?. . Well, let's start with: This place rocks. . . Let's get into it. You need some greasy food after an epic night, and sometimes Tacos are the cure-all. Do not miss the opportunity to eat here. It's located on the northern end of the strip just passed Encore & Wynn. . . There is usually a line, but it moves quick. . . You have plenty of meat options for your tacos (hey now). I prefer the more adventerous stuff like lengua, cabeza & tripa. Totally worth it because everything is seasoned to perfection and greasy enough to be amazing.. . If you are on vacation and have no regard for your arteries (aka if you are like me), then try the carne asada fries. It's massive and something that can easily be shared amongst 3-4 people. Or just split it with someone if you are both cool with a challenge.. . Read some of the other reviews now. Then grab some tacos. . . This spot is bomb!
Binging on tacos before you go to the club is the best thing ever!  If you are a fatty lover they will want to kiss that taco flavor from your mouth.  Score!
Where else can you order brains? Delicious. Tripe was delicious!. . Come on it was beautiful, textural heaven in my mouth. I watched a video on youtube about labiaplasty (come on we all end up on parts of youtube where we ask ourselves, "How did I get here?") had the tripe and it was nice. If it was chewy it would be hard to eat after watching labiaplasty, I'm just saying.
Want real Mexican tacos hundreds of miles from the borders?  Want them at almost any hour?  Tacos El Gordo is as legit as they come for "Tijuana style" tacos.. . After a 15 minute wait and $120 later, eight (8) of us had probably our best Vegas meal at 5:00AM after a night of wayyyyyy too much alcohol.  We had tacos de carne asada, adobada and my personal favorite...mulas.  They were all fantastic, and while the prices are a little high, you are on the strip and they are open until the wee hours of the morning.  I would gladly pay $3 a taco for carne asada deliciousness at those hours. . . I will say that the San Diego locations have disappointed me the past couple times I have been there, but this one hit the spot in so many good ways.  I will come back again and again, as any Vegas weekend with tacos in the morning hours is always a good night!
The only place in Vegas I know of to get tacos al pastor at any time of day or night! Tacos El Gordo is conveniently located on the south end of the strip, minutes away from the freeway and just a short walk on Las Vegas Boulevard. It is a favorite among locals and tourists, whether it is a quick lunch or a late night bite after the nightclubs. Depending when you go, there may be a wait but it is worth it!  There is a reason for it too.  Everything is made fresh on site, including the corn tortillas grilled from dough and the cooks are constantly chopping up meat to keep up with demand.  . . The prices are cheap, with $2 tacos of any type of meat from carne asada,lengua (beef tongue), and even beef belly. My favorite though has to be the grilled adobada (spicy pork) cut right off the spit. Putting a twist on the regular carne asada fries, there is also adobada fries on the menu. You can ask for some pineapple or grilled onions on the side for some extra flavor in addition to the salsa bar. The food is delicious and the price point is great for those on a budget while visiting Vegas, what more can you ask for?
Get spicy adobada tacos
OMG the best tacos ever.  I'm just waiting for them to open up a location in Norcal.  They will bankrupt Super Taqueria if they opened up shop in Norcal.   Thefirst time I ate here was when I was visiting San Diego and then we accidentally came across this location in Vegas during a limo ride.  Sometimes this place gets really crowded, but its totally worth the wait b/c the tacos are soooo good.  Every time I'm in Vegas or San Diego I make sure to include Tacos El Gordo in my itinerary.   There's just no other place like it.  BTW don't expect 5 star service here.  Its elbow to elbow at times to get to the front of the taco line.  Don't be afraid to call out the fat Mexican dude who's trying to cut in front of you!  If you don't say something and let him get in front of you.....you will regret it because he will be the the one that orders like 30 tacos and holds up the line.
Tacos El Gordo were the best tacos I have ever had in Las Vegas. The prices for their food are reasonable. The staff is very friendly. There were no long lines and there was plenty of seating either indoors or outdoors. My favorite tacos were the Spicy Adobada. My sisters and I went to go eat there two days in a row. It hits the spot after a night of drinking. I will be eating here every time I am in Las Vegas.
Just so freakin delicious!!!!  Had tongue, asada and spicy pork tacos.  I could eat here forever!
Best tacos I've ever eaten. The spicy pork is amazing, as are the quesadillas. Cannot recommend highly enough. A diamond in the rough in terms of good food on the strip.
This was the first place we came to eat during our weekend getaway in Vegas just this weekend! I have came here before and I just fell in love with it! I had their carne asada fries, the large size, and immediately began scarfing them down! I didn't share with my girlfriend or our friend because I am just hooked on these fries! The staff there is pretty cool AND there was no line when we arrived around 10:00am. DO NOT come on Sunday morning du to the large line that will be there when you arrive. Small place but very nice there. This is the place to hit up for a late night taco or burrito run or anytime of the day. People, come to this place. You will not be disappointed. If you are, Ill personally buy you a couple tacos to change your mind!!!!!!
Wow! These are quite possibility the best tacos I have EVER had in Vegas. Get the Al Pastor, it is out of this world.
The asada tacos, spicy pork tacos, and asada fries were all really good. The lines for food were long even at midnight but it was worth the wait.  We knew the food would be good when we saw a lady making tortillas on the spot!
Late night grub, or a quick bite any time on the strip Tacos El Gordo is the spot for great cheap eats on the strip. Located within a couple of blocks from The Wynn or Circus Circus you cannot go wrong dining here.. . Try the spicy pork belly and the beef, as it is authentic and generously portioned. You'll find any taco you order however to be overfilling the small soft taco for roughly $2.00 a piece!. . 5 stars.
This is a straight up taco joint smack in the middle of the craziness that is Las Vegas. The set up is a bit confusing so I left my boyfriend to order and I didn't experience the order/pay portion.. . The tacos were so good! It was definitely busy and speaks to how good these are. I loved the pastor and he had lengua and also enjoyed them. It's a bit off the strip but worth stopping in to cure that hangover with some greasy goodness.
AMAZING TACOS. Has to be one of my favorite tacos ever. Freshly made torillas they cook right in front of you. The Carne Asada fries were soooo good. Ate there twice it was that good and satisfacting. Love that they are open late and there lines were a little confusing but the tacos made up for that!
Why did I only find out about this place on my last day!!  This place is legit and conveninetly located right outside the Wynn!!!  They are definitely doing tacos justice, served with care and attention to detail.  It looks like a place that was picked up right out of Tijuana so don't expect a classy place, but it doesn't matter because your their for the food.  Their pork tacos are phenomenal, moist and juicy, and I'm pretty sure the only place I've seen serve tacos from a rotating gyro-like spit, which are cut freshly as you order.  Also, don't forget to get the roasted peppers.
The best tacos in Vegas!
Delicious!!!!  You can't ever go wrong with this place!!!  Whether it's a late night snack or a lunch, you always leave satisfied with a happy tummy.  The lines are a bit confusing as there are three separate ones depending on what you're ordering.  The spicy pork and the asada are the obvious staples although they offer tongue and other stranger meats I don't have the balls to try.  So staples it is!  The tacos are the perfect size and usually 2-3 at 2 bucks a pop will do the trick.  I recommend getting into the shorter line of the two since you can still place one order. To receive both.  They have a nice selection or horchata and plenty of seating inside and out.  The locals obviously love the place as well and I constantly see construction workers pick up huge orders for their crews.  If you're staying at the Wynn or the encore, there is NO excuse not to try this place!
These are the best damn tacos in Las Vegas! I'm serious. All of the tortillas are homemade right in front of you and are used almost immediately on the taco orders. I came here every time I walked by. For 2$ a taco, you just cant beat the taste and freshness of "The Fat Taco". I just wish that I could find a similar restaurant near my house.....I live in San Diego, I know they exist. The only bummer about El Gordo is how far on the end of the strip it sits. It's almost directly across the street from Circus Circus, you know, the ghetto part of the strip. I've grown up about 45 minutes away from Mexico my entire life and only here did I see all of the nitty gritty taco ingredients. Cabeza, Lengua, Cheek, etc. But by far the best on their menu is the Adobada. Do yourself a favor and come get a damn good taco!
Did you know you can visit Mexico right smack in the heart of Vegas? Better brush up on that Spanish, else you might be in for quite a bit of "I want that" pointing to the workers who barely speak a lick of English.. . Most people come here for the spicy adobada, but my favorite is the lengua tacos--the fattest, juiciest lengua tacos ever. You can also request grilled jalapenos and green onions at no charge.. . The set up is a bit confusing if you've never been. There's a separate line for each type of meat. The lengua/cabeza is all the way to the right, the adobada is the long line you see, and the asada is to the left. You order, then bring your order to the cashiers to pay.. . Open until the wee hours because you know you're going to need drunk food in Vegas.
An awesome place for a late night break. The guacamole in the tacos is amazing. Everything about the mula is amazing.
OMG.. I've been thinking about this place since we left Vegas! We went in one night for a couple of tacos.. I wanted a Carne asada taco and quesdilla.. Well there was somewhat of a language barrier that actually worked to my advantage. What I ended up with was a quesadilla on a flour tortilla what was open faced with tons of tasty carne asada on top. It was so flavorful and filling. We ended up going back there the following night for dinner.
Awesome tacos at a good price, but expect to wait.. . I went at lunch time and had 3 tacos: al pastor, carne asada, and lengua.  All were good, but al pastor was the best, IMO.  There was a big line, but the well worth the wait.
Best. Tacos. Ever.
Always a staple whenever we're in Vegas. Its perfect for a cheap meal, late night meals, and hangover cures.. . I've pretty much only had the tacos and carne asada fries here. I usually never order horchata but here, it's not even an option for me. Yes please!. . Walking in, newcomers usually have a problem learning how everything works. You have to stand in different lines for different types of meat. Pork (adobada) line, carne asada line, lengua line etc. After you order and take your food from the lines, then you walk to the cashier to pay. If you're smart, you stand in one line and your friend stands in another line. . . The tacos are a great size and they're about 2 bucks each. I don't care what your preference is here, if it's your first time, you HAVE to try the spicy port Adobada tacos with everything on it!
Came across this place by accident and saw the crowd.  Thought I'd check it out.  Great food at great prices and a clean establishment!  Recommended!
This is basically the spot to try. They have the best tacos beef, chicken, pork or lengua. All so yummy and tasty. There are no words to describe how flavorful the tacos are, you just need to try it to understand. Plus, it is so affordable! Skip the fast food and choose this instead. Your tastebuds will be thanking you for it.
Holy mother of delicious meats, this place takes the enchilada. Amazing flavorful meats, you could blindly pick anything off the menu and be satisfied with it being tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked. You know it's going to be good when you see plenty of local Mexicans and Hispanics frequenting the place. Open late but word to the wise the best meat is earlier in the day though the crowds are insane. Well worth it anytime.
Every time I travel to Vegas, this place is top of my list to eat at.  Great tacos (made to order), great prices ($2 each - get 3!  no get 4, no get 5!) fabulous selection  (brains, stomach, tripe, you name it!).  What's not to LOVE LOVE LOVE.
Bottom line - the tacos are awesome. Those that are giving this place a bad review are hating on the furniture (it's a hole-in-wall where you pay $2/taco - what do you expect??) and it not being authentic (we were the only white peeps in here so...). We had both the spicy pulled pork and the carne asada. A few pointers:. - There are a few different lines for a few different things - don't be afraid to ask someone who works there. . - Lunch/brunch time on Sat or Sun is suicide...come either late night or on an off-meal time. . . I wish this place was near my house.
Yummy! Just like the other tacos el Gordo on the border of sd & Mexico. I thoroughly enjoyed their adobada & tripa. I think they might even put more meat than I'm used to. Prices are comparable as well. It definitely hit the spot for me & my husband.  Make sure to try their spicy pork, my favorite! If you're not a soda drinker, bring your own water since they don't have any except bottled.
Best cheap eats in LV.  I'm from Canada and $2 for an unbelieveably tasty taco, well that's like stealing.. Adobada - my favourite.  Great as they present it or with slices of pineapple ( gotta ask for it ). Tripe - Excellent.  Not hat I expected but really good.. Tongue - also Very Good.. Brain - tasty but not my favourite. Atmosphere - lots of locals and hispanics, always a good sign
Food: I absolutely love street tacos and I have no idea what El Gordo's doing but what ever they're doing don't stop the goodness! It really doesn't get better than this. Taco's El Gordo definitely sets the bar high. I've tasted tacos close to the border of Mexico in San Diego and all over Los Anegeles but none can compare to the flavors of El Gordo. . . Drinks: You have your selection of Soda's and tea's but also you have Mexican soda's and lets not leave out the horchata. . . Atmosphere: It's High school cafeteria style. You stand in line order what you want and then you go and pay at the cashier. Simple as that. This location has tables inside and out. The outdoor patio makes you feel like you're really in Tijuana Mexico. . . Tips: Keep in mind what line you stand in, they have different lines for different tacos with different cuts of meat. Also this place is located on the strip so expect Late night diners that I call "drunkeats".
Woow! I cant wait to go back! Delicious tacoS ever!!!! I got tripa y suaderooo!!! Woow those were boomm!!!! I wish to be at vegAs !!!! For sure i came backkkkkk !!!! Neta! Ame este lugarr! Just love ittt! And the taquerosss sooi niceee! !
Omfg.. this place necer fails!! I come to Vegas quite often from phx and wow just wow. Spicy pork tacos.. amen. Compliments ;)
FREAKIN'  Amazing Tacos !  (I think they all have different toppings.). . And they have a parking lot !  (It's the first open lot on the Strip, so you can hit  a few kitschy t-shirt shops at the same time.). . ps open HELLA late
We had spicy pork tacos, really good the sauce was simply amazing, very authentic!!! It is a must
One of they few places that gives class A fries.. . The place is located next to the wynn, and parking is never hard to find as they most of the customers that come walk in from the strip. The interior of the place is surprising clean. The place also offers inside and outside seating, more than likely you'll eat inside cause it's either boiling hot or goosebumps cold outside.. . Ordering the food was confusing at first only because you're greeted by the register as you come in. But just go up to any of the workers, order, go back to the cashier, and feast on your food. The prep time for food is miniscule only time you would have to wait is if you order fries.. . From your first bite you can tell the quality of the food is far beyond any regular ole taco place. The sauce & adobado just go so damn well together. But to me the main star of this place are their adobado fries. THAT THING IS SERIOUSLY PACKED. Guac overload!!!!! The fries crispy, the cheese cheesy, the sour cream & guac perfect amount, and the avocado on top? Equivalent to a cherry on a ice cream. . . Personally the price of the taco's a ripoff. But the price for the fries a steal.. . PRO TIP! You can call ahead of time and order so you don't have to wait in the long lines!. . If anything could change in this place, it'd be for them to add heaters in their outside seating, it's just too cold out to eat outside.
FOUND IT!!  Took me forever to find the name of this place.  Let me tell you, how often does one stumble upon something, while in one of the worst moods you can possibly imagine, only to have this hidden gem turn it around for you?  Doesn't happen too often.. . BIGGEST TIP: Get there BEFORE the clubs close because you will be waiting in line FOREVER!!. . Tacos may seem a little small but they are proportionate to the prices.  The flavors, you'll love them.
Cheap, fast, delicious and friendly, our best meal during our last stay in Vegas.. It doesn't look great from the outside at first glance, but the fear goes away once you taste the food.
Pork tacos straight off the spit. What else do you need? We come here multiple times every trip. One of the required visits.
Tacos are wonderful! One of my favorite taco shops on the planet! I love the carne asada and the small tostaditas. The meat has great cooked-over-wood taste and the guacamole on top is fantastic. Go early and beat the after drinking crowd. . . As a tip - remember to tip! Tips usually men fresh grilled veggies will hit your plate and some other extras. There are multiple meats to try here from basics to brains (sesos). The fries are a culinary treat! Enjoy this authentic taco shop!
This place is SO amazing!! Get the pork tacos? They are $2 a piece and are to die for!!
WHY DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS PLACE SOONER???. . What's wrong with me! I'm usually on top of these things, and I've been missing out this entire time. During my trips to Vegas, I spend most of my time at Encore and for the longest time I did not know about Tacos El Gordo. The boyfriend heard from a friend about this place, because it was one of his favorite places in Vegas in terms of food. . . ARE WE AT THE ZOO?. The boyfriend and I came during lunch, and the place was a zoo!!! Where to order your food may be quite confusing at first, but if you look there are signs at each station that tell you what they're making. So, you just go to the correct station and tell them what you want, and they'll make it for you. . . While we were waiting for our tacos, I noticed an employee wiping the stainless steel walls by the grill stations down with a towel. Then my eyes started to wander around the entire kitchen, and I noticed that the ENTIRE KITCHEN WAS SPOTLESS! Holy crap!! This place was clean as hell, which means NO DIARRHEA. YES!!!. . After we were given all the food we ordered, we walked over to one of the two cashier stations to pay for the food. Yes, so you get your food first and then bring your tray to a cashier where they will ring you up. This is where you can order your drinks. . . OUTDOOR SEATING. With the number of people inside, I was surprised that there was a good number of tables available. I was expecting the table and seats to be filled with leftover food from the people who previously sat there, BUT there was nothing. Again, spotless! The tables are sitting under a big tent, so don't worry about birds crapping on your head or trying to steal your food. . . LUNCH IS MY FAVORITE PART OF THE DAY. Between the boyfriend and I, we had one spicy pork taco, 3 carne asada tacos and one half order of their carne asada fries. I've been to so many taco trucks and taquerias in San Francisco, and usually the dirtier the place the better it tastes. But Tacos El Gordo was clean, and it tasted even better than most of the taco trucks and taquerias I've been to in SF!! =X . . CONCLUSION. Like I said many times in this review, and I'll say it again, this place is very clean. Even their stainless steel garbage cans sitting outside are clean, not a spot to be found! With that being said, if you're afraid of getting mud butt, Hersey squirts, bubble guts, the runs or whatever else you want to call it, because you've eaten dirty tacos from a dirty taco truck or taqueria, you won't have to worry here! You can get the same delicious tacos without worrying about having the run to the bathroom later. Haha, that sounded like a commercial. . . Anyways, I'll definitely be coming back for more tacos in the future. I love tacos, and I love that there is a legit place on The Strip I can go to, to get it! :) I want a taco now.
Awesome! You made my day. My husband and i had an amazing dinner, i love Adobada fries, its tastes so good! (only $10). We definitely go back!
This place is delicious and reasonably priced. I rarely go to LV, but when I do return I will hit this place up again for lunch or dinner.
BEST TACOS IN LAS VEGAS!!!. . This is my favorite taco place, I haven't tasted tacos this good since I lived in Baja California, Mexico. These are truly the most authentic Mexican Tacos I have had in Las Vegas and nothing else compares to them.  I have taken at least 5 people to go eat Tacos with me and ALL 5 LOVE this place as well. . . There are 2 locations, and I will drive across town just for these tacos.  The employees are also very friendly, I went so many times that the employees started to recognize me among the hundreds of people that go eat tacos! . . I guarantee these will be the BEST tacos you will ever have!
I use to live in San Diego and loved this place. I was so excited when they opened a location in Vegas. It was a short walk from where we were staying so we ended up coming here TWICE in one trip. First was late at night after some drinks which was perfect. There wasn't much of a line and we were able to find seats right away. The second time was Sunday at noon where the place was a ZOO! I think they need to figure out a new way to ensure people know they are in the right lines and to also pay! I saw a few people that just sat down at tables after getting the food...I'm pretty sure they didn't pay? Anyway, I was able to ask the guy in my line to also get me two carne asada tacos from another line, tehehe.. . This place is awesome. I'll be coming time and time again!
Authentic tacos just like in Mexico, served on waxed paper and all! My favorite are the lengua tacos.  You know it's authentic when about 75% of the customers are Mexican lol
Tried this place with my hubby for a snack and totally fell in love with their food. It's a great cheap eat in the heart of Vegas (next to the Wynn). Make sure you taste their spicy pork tacos! They are just fantastic! (and cheap, 1 taco = $2)
By far the best taco spot in Las Vegas. I first came here when I went on a date with this guy; I still thank him for bringing me here lol. But ever since then, i can't stay away! I come here at least once a week and every time my taste buds praise me for gracing them with suchgreat tasting food. I also brought my family here with me one day and they all fell in love. . . I've tried both the carne asada and the spicy pork tacos but I have to say that the spicy pork tacos are my all time fav! The people are always really nice and the guys working the grills be movin! I can't get enough of this place!! Great food for a great price... That's what I'm all about.
Carne Asada Fries. It's all you need. Now life is complete. Life has purpose and meaning. That purpose is to have more carne asada fries which make life better. . . They have a huge selection of great Mexican food but you need to try the carne asada fries! Tender flavorful meat on top of delicate fries and covered in shredded cheese, magic green sauce and just a drop of sour cream = happiness. And a 1/2 order is only $5 - big enough for 4 people!!. . Located just north of the Wynn on the strip and open extremely late it's one of those Vegas secrets that make it an incredible trip. . . Warning - you will want this again. Crave it. Need it.
