Best nachos in town and I eat nachos everywhere.  My family and I go to this inconvenient and pricey place just for the nachos.  Locals this is a must try but don't venture out for any other food just stick with nachos they are amazing.
Seriously ..... What is better than drinking a margarita, eating a juicy burger, listening to Jimmy Buffett's great repertoire (/rep(r)twar/), and watching a scantily clad mermaid slide seductively (...... and very awkwardly) down a volcano into a GIANT margarita glass!!!! I ask you..... what??! Nothing. The Drinks are strong .... the music is great .... you will leave relaxed, full and drunk. . . Watch out for Pop Tops!!
Why do I like this place? Because it just doesn't feel like Las Vegas! . This place has an amazing vibe to it and the bartenders are really good. There are no slot machines here...just some great food and drink...it allows me to escape from Vegas and it takes me to a tropical place in my mind. . . Dinner is great here...do not pass up the Cheese Burger in Paradise...it is one of the best burgers you will find...plus I highly recommend the Ultimate Margarita. We also sit at the bar and enjoy talking to the bartenders. They are fun bunch up there and make the night enjoyable. . . Recently they added breakfast here and I was able to swing buy and grab a bite before work. I sat at the bar on the second floor and the bartenders that worked up there were fantastic. I had an amazing 3 egg white omelet is so nice not to eat at an all you can eat buffet in Vegas. The cooked to order breakfast was really good. I was amazed to see other people at the bar drinking Margarita's at 9am...I guess that is how you start your day in the desert of sin city...my liver was hurting for them.
We had lunch here and had a good time. We had the loaded nachos which is a ridiculous amount of food, and then just shared a burger. The food wasn't the best I've ever had but was good. . . We waited about 20 minutes for a table for two around 1pm which wasn't too bad. The service was okay and the prices were decent as well. We sent about $40 on the nachos, cheeseburger and two soft drinks with tip.
BEST NACHOS EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. other foood options i have no idea.
Bartenders here know how to pour!  Order the "Perfect Margarita", volcano nachos, and get a seat at the top patio! :)
I go to Vegas all the time, and this place never lets me down!! Great burgers and other dishes, perfect margaritas and other frozen concoctions! I crave this place and seriously wish I could eat here everyday. The atmosphere is awesome too complete with live music and 2 floors of island greatness! wasted away again...
Love this place, great service and atmosphere! Nachos feed about 4 people and make a great appetizer. Music is always good and the night life even better. That is if you are looking for a place with a very relaxed dress code.  Great place to just relax, have a drink and enjoy the music.
What a place!  Try the margaritas which are marked only for serious fans.  BOOZY.  Took me two hours to finish in which time my date finished four pints haha!  I went onto the frozen premixed ones after that.  Danielle our server was really cool.  We had a great time!  Not too impressed with the Asian salad we had, but hey you don't come here for the food.
The sun is hot. And that old clock is moving slow. And so am I. The work day passes like molasses in winter time,. But it's almost July. I'm gettin' paid by the hour, and older by the minute. My boss just pushed me over the limit. I'd like to call her something. I think I'll just call it a day. . Pour me something tall and strong. Make it a hurricane. Before I go insane. It's only half past 12. But, I don't care. It's 5 o'clock somewhere!!!. . . I just wish this was right up the street from where I live!!  This is definitely a favorite spot of mine when I head to Vegas!  The drinks are great--no doubt!!  But, they also have a great selection food as well!!  The Nachos will feed an army of people!!!  So, don't even attempt to eat those things by yourself or you will be lethargic for days!!   We had some peel shrimp that was pretty awesome with some delicious Old Bay Seasoning.  Another one of our favorites is the chicken quesadilla with extra guacamole.  Yum!!  . . Of course, the atmosphere is perfect for what it is!!!  There's a vibe of excitement and something different.  The decor is perfect for the setting.  Overall, it's a pretty fun place that offers a unique experience!  I'll definitely back--again and again.  ;0). . It's five o'clock somewhere....  ;0). . . Yvette L. Brownstone from Ventura, CA
Volcano Nachos!!!! The best nachos anywhere hands down. They are HUGE! the chicken tortilla soup is really good as well. Great selection of alcoholic drinks, fun atmosphere, always a good time.
Great place with great food and ultra strong drinks IF you know what to order(perfect margarita).. . The food is always excellent and plentiful, the margaritas are strong yet decently priced for the strip, and the entertainment is top notch now that they finally started to change the TVs to the patrons request! 5 stars, no doubt!. . Highly recommended:. . Appetizers-. Coconut Shrimp APP. Blue crab & Cheese APP(I like to substitute chips). Volcano Nachos(if you're dining with a crowd). Entrees-. Mahi Mahi. Jerk Salmon. Burgers. Cuban Sandwich. Jambalaya is pretty good as well
place is always happening and the food is great.  it can get real crowded and the wait can be long to get a seat. so i f there is room in the bar then go ahead if not. wait. its worth it
After getting married at The Flamingo my wife and I had our reception dinner here and that is what this review is going to focus on. Our experience here was great and we couldn't have been happier. I thought it might be difficult setting up a dinner party from across the country but it was simple.. . We had set up our reception months in advance and had about two dozen guests. We were given a special menu with 5 choices including cheeseburgers, chicken, and shrimp. A small professional wedding cake for dessert was also provided. We also were given one type of appetizers for everyone and two hours of Margaritas and Beer. So that was our menu. On to the review.. . When we first arrived we were taken to our tables that were reading and waiting for us. They had made up some personalized menus and set them at each place setting which was a cool little touch. Within seconds a tray of Margaritas and a bucket of Landshark beer arrived at each table. I wasn't sure what to expect when it came to the margaritas before hand. I kinda thought they would be small and weak since we were on a drink plan but they were neither of those things. In fact they were pretty awesome. I don't usually drink margaritas but I drank plenty of those and I have photographic evidence that they were quite strong!. . The appetizers we had was Lava Lava Shrimp and oh man were they good. Everyone, even a couple people who usually don't eat shrimp, loved them. I still bring them up to my wife as a reason to go back to Vegas!. . The entrees were very good too and we were given enough options that everyone found something they wanted. I heard no complaints from anyone and It was definitely better than an average buffet wedding or the simple choice of chicken or fish.. . They provide a simple cake with the package but also offer several options as upgrades that you can choose get. Not really caring about fancy looking cakes we went with the basic option and it was quite good and looked very nice as well. I know some people are really into wedding cakes so it was nice to have options in that regard.. . The service was better than good. Nobody ever was without a drink. In fact they brought them too fast if that's even possible! My next drink was always in front of me before being finished with my current one.  At the end they were still bring them out as fast as ever and since of course its Vegas, people were taking bottles of Landshark out to the street when they were leaving.. . The price was less than several other options we had looked at in Vegas and the setting was very fun and party-like which was why we chose it. Everyone had a great time. If you are looking for a place to hold a reception or some kind of group party I would recommend this place to anyone. Its such a fun place.
Favorite place to eat on the strip. Its exiting and fun with free entertainment. There are videos on a huge screen of Jimmy Buffet concerts , balloon animal makers on stilts, the margarittaville girl sliding down and dancing around when they play Volcano, and the crowd getting into the act when they play Margaritaville. Despite this place being at the Flamingo - I give it 5 stars. I can't understand people giving this place a poor rating because of the food. If you want fancy grub, fine go somewhere else. Hello, its called Margarittaville, what did you think? Vegas has a ton of places for you to be bored at, so go pretend you're on a food show somewhere else. With that said, I think the food here is  good & def good enuf for me and have always had good to great service  Of course ill be back, in fact im probably at the table next to you with a giant balloon contraption on my head.
I'm a big Jimmy Buffett fan so I was so excited to go to Margaritaville none where I live....It was awesome omg had such a great time loved the decor of course the Jimmy Buffett music..my food was soooo good got the coconut shrimp and mashed potatoes the had bacon i them soooo good and Margaritas were very good. Hubby also enjoyed the decor and music and the little show they put on good service but disliked his food he ordered jerk chicken and the string beans were cold. . . Had a coupon to get to the front of the line so not wait :: and a coupon for a free souvenir in gift shop. Bought lots of stuff in store :0
Best steak, shrimp, and mash. Potatoes. They also have a little performance.
Love this place! I used to go so many times! The food and service here is very good! Their drinks are good too, obviously. When I went there, I had a very tasty salad. The dressing was made by the head chef. Some oil from the salad stained my blouse, but I didn't care. The nachos were piled high and couldn't taste any better. I love picking from the middle where the chis a re somewhat soggy from the cheese. There were many people in my group, and we didn't finish the nachos! I've also had the tortilla soup which tasted good too.. . After some good eats, my friends and I hit the dance floor. There is a live band that plays, then after a certain time they play music ranging from oldies to whatever is current. Our waitress had everything in order and we were seated and served very fast. If you're visiting Las Vegas, this is a nice place to visit. It's in a nice location on the strip, so there is no traveling out of the way.
This is one of our favorite places to hang when we are in LV.  They make e best frozen strawberry margarita's and the best part is standing on the balcony over looking the strip and people watching.  The food is also great and reasonably priced.  We make this a regular stop when we are in town. . . The new casino was open when we were there this week, it was ok.
Ok, this place totally hit the spot. My friend had seen someone carrying around one of their blender cups and decided that she would just die if she did not leave Vegas with one of her own. So we stopped in around 1:30-2ish for lunch and drinks. We sat at the bar, waited slightly longer than desired for food, but it wasn't too bad. When it came out, it was everything we could have asked for and more. Maybe too much more? My friend soon realized the issues that may come with dragging around a drink. Oh well, it was fun and yummy just the same.
Very fun when there is a live band and dancing. Must try the cheeseburger in paradise!
So first off I was the only person under 30 that wasn't there with my parents. It's an older crowd. I had a bacon cheese burger fries and a big ass margarita. Saw that you can get them in a blender cup amd asked since it's not on the regular menu. The waitress was super nice and brought me the blender cup menu. She even suggested I get it on the rocks b/c it would be stronger. The frozen drinks come pre-made. She was rt, I got fucked up! I suggest the big chill which is blue. Everything was awesome and I highly suggest this place.
THE BEST PINA COLADA I'VE EVER HAD.. . . I had two. Oh man. And they were doubles. So friggin tastey!!! . . The entertainment is really odd here (balloon animals and stilt walkersand random girls sliding down a volcano into water? ) but none of that matters because they mastered the pina colada.. . The texture was so perfect... almost tasted grainy as if it was made with that naked protein mango juice! Loved it!!
Yeah, I'm a Buffett fan. Of course I had the cheeseburger in paradise. "I like mine with lettuce and tomato, Heinz 57 and french fried potatoes, big kosher pickle and a cold draft beer!!!".  . Yeah it's generally an over 30 crowd, but that didn't stop the 20 something's from bellowing out Changes in Latitudes through the restaurant, bar and on into the Flamingo. . The service was good, she got a little annoyed with my wife because she was having trouble deciding what to get. . The place was clean, dining area and bathroom. . The atmosphere was awesome. I was ready to quit my job and move to a tropical island as any Jimmy experience should make you feel. . Live life like a song!!!
This is always a fun place to come when your in Vegas.   We enjoyed the service, the show,   the music, the margaritas.   Some of the performance staff stopped by and talked with us and our server was a lot of fun.   Food is not bad.
LOVE Margaritaville.  Yes, I go to Jimmy Buffet's Concert every year but I alos love the food here and atmosphere. The tropical drinks went a little down hill since the last time but the food got better. . We ordered the 100 ounce margarita and it was sooo yummy! For 12 of us we each had about 2 glasses and it costs $65 which is cheaper than ordering individual margaritas. . Definitely get the NACHOS, those are to die for and are huge so if you're in a large group then order them. . I ordered the jerk chicken with veggies and wild rice, I finished my entire plate and I never do! . We were so full the rest of the day and everyone loved their food and the waiters are always awesome. We also didn't have to wait that long on a Saturday.. Whyyy don't we get drunk and screwwww
great margaritas.
This is ALWAYS on our list of Must Dos in Vegas, unfortunately we didn't go this past weekend :(  The friends we were traveling with had heard the majority of the restaurant had been turned into a casino and they wouldn't go with us so we could see for ourselves.  No dancing girl coming out of a volcano, swinging from an anchor and spinning in a margarita glass?  Please tell me this isn't so Courtney G.. . I was so sad we missed Margaritaville this trip :(  We normally have the Jamaican me crazy wings, and or nachos, any one of their Cheeseburgers, they ALL make me feel like I'm in paradise and one of those super fun tall Margarita dispensers.  I love it when we go and there aren't any out yet, and then after we order ours they start popping up all over the place.  It's like a cocktail that YOU can make go viral!  . . Some more fun things that I love about Margaritavile besides the above mentioned is the ever fun "get the ring on the hook" game.  We really enjoying sitting in the awesome big chairs to finish up what ever boat drinks didn't go down with our meal and people watching.  I must like making people want what I have, because if we are lucky enough to get in a said chair, we get lots of jealous looks, and they are always occupied immediately after our departure.  I never leave with out getting some new Parrot Head swagger from the super fun store.  Margaritaville isn't just a meal for us, it's an event we look forward to, and Vegas just isn't the same to me with out it.  I wish there was one in Torrance!    . . Anyway, I'm super impressed that I feel like you are going to take the time to read and respond to my review Courtney G.  That makes me feel just a special as I do when we get to go and have such an awesome time, food, and service at your restaurant.  If the craps tables weren't so mean to me last weekend, I would almost want to go back just so I could get my fix.  Alas...........there is always next time.
Stopped in for a quick bite, great atmosphere and even better food. Hubby got the chicken wings and I got the burger.. one of the best burgers ever! I got one of their mixed drinks and it was so tasty! They had popular music on during dinner and then a live band. Band was good but played older music like BRICK HOUSE. I will definitely be back!
I am the ultimate margarita fan so margaritaville has my heart by default! Atmosphere is very playful. The staff is fun and friendly. During dinner, they put on a show in the main area where essentially this scantily clad woman sgoes down a giant slide into a giant margarita glass. After your second margarita, its more fun than it sounds. . . My favorite dish is the Volcano Nachos. It's the most massive plate of nachos you would ever see. Perfect for sharing with quite a few friends, but beware, it's sooo much food you probably wont want a main entree after.
So we're chillin in the Bellagio lookin for food.  My drunk ass friends want wings.  Yeah try to find food at the Bellagio for less than 100 bucks lmao!!  I had avoided margaritaville in the past cuz of the association to country music... my mistake. . This trip I went three times.  . . The people who work there are sooooooooo nice!!!!!. . Food is good!  Wings, nachos!!!. . Prices are good!. . Margaritas are amazing!!!
So awesome! And Jennifer is a super cool waitress. She is so funny.
This is a review for the retail store.  The bar/restaurant is your typical touristy, themed restaurant.  . I came in to get a few things for some very picky family members.  One of the managers there, Glenn saw me wondering around and offered to assist me.  I must say, he certainly knows how to provide great service.  He asked me a few questions and before I knew it he had picked out the perfect gifts for me.  I certainly wasn't expecting such great service at such a touristy place, but Glenn proved me wrong.  I wish I was treated this way everywhere I shopped.  Kudos for Margeritaville for hiring such great staff.
My husband & I went there for lunch on Monday, & what a delicious lunch we had!  I had a Turkey Burger which was DELICIOUS!!!  Great service as well!  Next time we are in Las Vegas, we will definitely go back there!  Also, the decor in there was awesome!
We brought a group of about 25 for drinks and food and they pretty much hooked us up with our own area on the 3rd floor deck.  Drinks were good and if you want pub food like nachos, burgers and fish tacos for a good price then there's really no better place to go.  With all the inflated prices on the heart of the strip, Margaritville still gives you a pretty good bang for your buck.. . You waitress Shaavon was phenomenal....she kept all the bills separate for those who needed to leave early and continued to bring everyone their food and drinks over the span of three hours without missing a beat.  It sent a private party but it mine as well have been...thanks Shaavon and MargRitaville for giving us e VIP treatment while we were there.  See you during our next visit!
Best place for Nachos, burgers, beer and MARGARITAS of course.  We always take our friends and family who are visiting for a great dinner. Never disappoints!!
We went here for breakfast Friday morning at like 8-9am when we first got into town. It was my husband, our friend and myself. We all ordered a Redbull infused mimosa. Tasted weird at first, didn't know a redbull oj mimosa was vodka?(guess I should read the description before I choose drinks) Anyways, it was good but way overpriced. Ordered the Key West omelet. It was delicious. $14.99 crab, shrimp, hollandaise sauce. NOM. Husband ordered the eggs benedict. He always loves it, as long as the hollandaise sauce is right and the eggs aren't overcooked you can't go wrong. Would eat here again :) Forgot that they gave us a 20% off our next visit coupon. Darn.
A+++++++++++. . Hostess said 10 min wait... We were sitting at our table within 3. . . Our server, PRISCILLA, was AMAZING!! My fiance and I are both in the restaurant industry, and she checked every box on what a great server should be- friendly, attentive, fast, etc etc. She suggested a great margarita for me, and checked on us frequently throughout our meal. My favorite thing about her was that she was personal and not the general "is everything ok here" she knew exactly our situation and where we should be in our meal. . Food was also fantastic! Everything came out fast and hot. Drinks also came out fast and were much stronger than normal casual restaurant drinks!. . What a great experience at Margaritaville because of Priscilla!!!!!!
I LOVED LOVED LOVED this place.  I would have not minded just hanging out here every night during our 3 night stay.  I had a banana margarita and it was wonderful.  Hubby and I shared the yummy volcano nachos and didnt even put a dent in them.  The atmoshpere is so fun.  You cant help but to have a good time here!  GO!!!
Our server Alisha was amazing! Super fun, nice, and made great recommendations!! Will definitely go back! Just don't mistake her for Ashley:) lol
My boyfriend and I had the shrimp, crab, mushroom dip as an appetizer- AMAZING! Our waiter, Gio was great. I had two drinks, "The Perfect Margarita" was amazingly good and I cannot remember the name of the other one, it was delicious though.
"No Shoes ? No Shirt ? No Problem !" Telle est la devise a Margaritaville !. . La ville de la margarita ? Quasiment et si c'etait vraiment une ville, on serait pret a y habiter pour boire tous les soirs une bonne margarita et se goinfrer d'un volcan de nachos !!!. Oui se goinfrer, vraiment il n'y a pas d'autre mot, car voir arriver cette montagne de nachos fait presque peur, mais en se mettant a trois dessus et en ne mangeant que ca, on a finalement reussi a en venir a bout ! . (bon j'etait un peu tout seul dessus a la fin mais je partage la victoire !). . En moyenne les cocktails sont dans les 10$ et les margaritas les valent largement, elles sont bien dosees et il y a des propositions assez interessantes !. Le nachos volcano quand a lui est a 15$, donc pour 3 personnes c'est tout a fait acceptable, vous repartez repus et fiers d'avoir termine ce plat que certains mangent seul(e)s... question entrainement peut etre.... . Seul petit bemol : c'est tres bruyant et assez sombre dans la partie bar, on est bien mieux dans la partie restaurant sur la terrasse avec vue sur le Strip, mais la par contre, allez savoir pourquoi... les verres sont en plastique !. . Attendez vous a attendre un peu selon l'heure pour avoir une table, mais ca vaut le coup de tenter l'experience !
We went to Margaritaville and it was great. We had a great cocktail waitress named Claire. She made sure we had what we wanted and was attentive to our drink and food needs. Claire was fun and engaging. She also gave us drink suggestions and they were really good. I'm going back for the World of Concrete and hope that Claire is working then. My friends and colleagues and I appreciate the quality service that Margaritaville and Claire provides.
Look, this place isn't a 5 star restaurant, but I'm giving it 5 anyway because I friggin' love it.  I've gone here dozens of times with my wife, friends, and/or family, and I can't get enough of it.  The atmosphere is usually very fun, everyone is having a good time, and things are just....laid back.  I get the Volcano Nachos each and every time, so I can't speak much on the other menu items.  For $15.99 you get a plate of nachos that 2 people can very rarely finish, so it's basically a nacho buffet for under $10/person.  Can't beat that.  And they're really GOOD nachos, not your generic nachos.  . . Drinks can be a little pricey, but it's on the Las Vegas Strip, so that's to be expected.  You can plan on paying around $10 for any of their mixed drinks, and I think their beers will run you anywhere from $5-$8 (I don't drink beer, but that's just been what I can remember from people with us ordering them).  The main level can get a little noisy at times, but they have a 2nd and 3rd level where things are a lot quieter if you want to be able to carry on a casual conversation.  But if you're going there for a good time and you're not going to be there many times, I'd definitely recommend the ground level so you can get the full experience.. . Waiters and waitresses are generally on the ball and keep your glasses full and address any needs, although there has been a time or 2 where that wasn't the case.  That's to be expected after literally probably 50 visits, though.  . . Highly, highly recommend.
So kwame (spelling?) is the best bartender known to Vegas. He exceeded all expectations. He was friendly, had a great pour, and took the time to give our party of 8 helpful tips about Vegas nightlife. . . Beyond Kwame the food was ok. A few people ordered the buffalo chicken tenders. Nothing too special. I mean you can't come to this place expecting gourmet. . . We came her twice in our four day trip. We probably would've came more, but we found out Kwame would not be there for the remainder of the weekend.
I came here on a work trip to Vegas with a couple co-workers and had their version of a Cadillac (blended) margarita. It was AMAZING and  I will definitely be back!! Definitely pricey though at $12 but that's to be expected...
Had a really good lunch here. Food was tasty, as were the margaritas! Very nice waiter, and when he went on break, he came to tell us who would be keeping an eye on us. A little while later that guy came over to check on us and chatted for awhile. Felt very well cared for and appreciated it.
I loved it. Especially since I am a Jimmy Buffet fan.  Great food, I got a salad.  Great atmosphere, errupting volcano, stilt dancers. Good margaritas cant wait to go back.
Best place in Vegas to have nachos and a drink!!! Great atmosphere and wonderful bartenders! Vlad and Drego are the best!!! Can't wait to get back!!!
this place is awesome! I ordered the fajita combo with mushroom - steak and chicken. . it was outstanding! the service is great and the atmosphere is SO FUN. . they have a show every hour - like a pirates show w a show girl etc. . they also have the really tall guys making balloons for kids ( even tho I did not see a single child ). . the prices are not bad for Vegas but def worth it since it is Yummy. . facility is all lit up and tropical w 2 big screen projectors. . def a fun crowd . they have live music on the weekends!
I went here last Monday at 11:30am and had one of the best Bloody Mary's ever!  The bartender made it exactly as I wished-nice and spicy and because of that I got two!  He was really nice and friendly, my bf and I enjoyed his company as well.   . . The decor of the place is fun and typical Jimmy Buffet, just what a tourist wants on vacation!  I didn't see any shows or anything because it was early but still had a nice lunch.  There are also some seats outside in the front for you to catch some rays as well as heat lamps for when it is chilly out in LV.  . . I ordered a chicken jerk sandwich which was good with fries!  I also appreciated thelarge thick paper branded napkins they had.  . . There are also lots of photo opportunities inside.  I took a picture with the large green-boozinator?  . . Def worth checking out!
My girlfriend and I went into Margaritaville in Las Vegas because we love all the other locations!  Vegas did not disappoint either.  I had the cheese burger in paradise (is there any other?) and my girlfriend had a taco salad.  Both were very tasty as were the perfect margaritas!  We also split the conch fritters to get a taste of key west.  We hung out and watched the band for a little bit and the people dancing.  Great times!. . After dinner and a few more drinks, we went into the gift shop.  I was looking for a shirt I had seen in Key West a couple weeks before, but was disappointed when I found out they didn't have it.  A male employee approached and asked if I was finding everything ok, when I told him my story he said I could order it online.  We asked me to hold on and went off somewhere.  A few minutes later he returned with a printed out page of the shirt I wanted as well as the phone number for Key West.  I didn't get his name but I did ask if he was the manager, and he said he was the supervisor.  What great service!. . After the gift shop we hit the casino and the bar.  I like when bartenders do tricks while serving the drinks!  What a great time I highly recommend Margaritaville!
Came here just for drinks and I wasn't let down. Started off with the margarita with the beer in it and it was GOOD! I don't like beer and I thoroughly enjoyed it. We then moved on to some concoction that had about 3 or 4 liquors in it (one was the "5 o clock somewhere"). I wish we were hungry because the food looked damn good...especially the nachos. I have to go back again.
Love the food - we ate their the first evening in town and all four mornings. Their hash browns are homemade and all the seafood is fresh. They have no problem accommodating special diet requests. We were in the door as soon as they opened so that we could be seated at one of two tables outside. Bloody Marys come in different varieties - we liked the original and the Key West best. The manager greeted us personally on two occasions and all our servers were friendly and efficient. Stacey W. - thanks for making us laugh!
Just went this weekend, always a great time and great food! Our waiter Sean made it even better! Such great service & very nice :-)
I always have a lot of fun at this place. I have been to a lot of the Margaritaville's and this is one of my Fav. I love the Nacho and the drinks. This is a must if you come to vegas.
The very best !!
margarita...WHAT??  give me some!!!
Lee is the best!!! Great service even when the place is packed!!! We were a party of 10 at the bar, and never had to ask twice!!!
My husband and I got married in May, 2013 at the Garden Gazebo at the Flamingo Hotel, immediately followed by a three hour wedding reception at Margaritaville. We reserved the Clipper Room, which is an enclosed space with it's own bar, restrooms and a balcony, and has a $6000 minimum, which we easily surpassed with our 75 guests. Margaritaville offered many different dinner options, included both plated and buffet, but we chose to go with the buffet. Our original coordinator, Sara Ure, met with us a few months before, but was unavailable the week of the wedding, so Beth Wamsley had to pick up the whole thing, and she did an awesome job! Our manager on duty the night of the reception was Bryan, and he was fabulous! We had multiple guests take a moment to tell us how amazing the service was during our reception. Overall, wonderful. . . For those brides to be looking for details: We got the a la carte buffet (pay per person, per dish, for example the mashed potatoes were $3/person), everything we choose was so delicious - apps were the baked apricot brie (so many compliments), and bacon wrapped shrimp. Dinner was tri tip (perfect, delicious), Caesar salad, chicken and artichoke pasta, mashed potatoes, steamed veggies. For dessert we chose a selection from the a la carte desserts - brownies, fruit tarts, chocolate mousse. It was all awesome. Overall I believe with food, tax, service charge for 75  guests we paid about $8,000. . . They can do different table arrangements in the Clipper Room, and they will put table numbers on the tables for you. You can bring in your seating chart or  board the day before the wedding, and they will put it up for you on a table or easel - so, so helpful, thanks again to Beth for doing that! They will also set up a speaker and microphone for people to give speeches, if you want. We had the system ready to go, but since the music was playing and we don't like speeches much, anyway, we skipped it.
This place was amazing, it had great margaritas and live music bands. This is a great spot on the strip to stop and relax eat some good food with of course great company. I recommend the lava lava shrimp!
PERFECT margaritas!!! Absolutely recommend sitting at the top and people watch the strip. Didn't get a chance to eat from the menu, but will next time! Hip hoppin cool place!
After having spent a couple of months this year in Key West, and having several meals at the original Margaritaville, we had to check out Margaritaville in Vegas. The restaurant is very nice with a fun environment, and great service (thanks Dave T!). We were surprised to find the conch fritters in Vegas much better than in Key West. We will definitely be back.
This is a fun restaurant to visit when in Vegas!    The beach/Caribbean theme is over the top!   The waitstaff is funny.  They had a woman on stilts walking around making great balloon animals.  We ate dinner on the roof top bar.  This section has great views of the strip (Ceasers, part of Ballagio)  We had appetizers and drinks.  They were all good!
i had so much fun here!!!!! i love the margaritaville slot and casino theme. the dealers were so nice and fun, and it's really a party atmosphere and not like a serious gambling spot. . . i didnt eat here but they DO have a veggie burger (not sure if it's vegan!) but i have to say the drinks are great and it's a fun place to hang out
Great blackened fish sandwich.
This is a nice place inside the Flamingo Hotel on the strip
This place was great. We brought our family here and the food was great. I had the corn and clam chowder soup and it was delicious.  This would be a great place for families visiting Vegas. My kids liked all the cool stuff to look at and the people on stilts walking around who were making balloon hats and figures for them.  One of the best places we went to eat during our visit to Vegas with our family.
I HAD to go here for breakfast because it's Margaritaville and where else can you get breakfast at Margaritaville than Vegas?  I had the French Quarter omelet and a margarita.  Toward the end of breakfast service, they restrict seating to the bar and a small dining area.  I sat at the bar and got my drink well before my meal.  There's nothing like getting buzzed before breakfast.  Seriously, the staff was friendly and the food was great.  A must do in Vegas.
If you don't know where to begin to start your "Fun in the Sun" I always recommend my clients and owners Margaritaville. The name itself is Epic!
Every time I go to Las Vegas, I make sure I hit this Margaritaville. This last trip was amazing. We were in a hurry to make a show and our waiter, Danny was top notch. He got our food out to us quickly and accurately and he was warm and friendly. Spectacular!
Surprisingly the food was excellent Long with the perfect margarita. Strong and the sandwiches were so big and filling we had a late dinner. Would recommend.
This place is great ! Good food and service. 5 stars and I am under 50 years old!
Great place to come for a gluten free meal on the strip. Full gluten free menu with really good choices. Doesn't feel like you're missing out on a thing! Not to mention the frozen lime margaritas are awesome. Our server was cheerful, attentive and very aware of gluten allergies. She even gave me tips on other gluten free locations in the area. And the manager stopped by to check in with me since I had an allergy. Very good experience.
Awesome food, atmosphere, and service!  Get there early so you don't have to wait for a table.  So good!
Great Food, Great Service, Great Atmosphere.... . Crazy right? A chain like Margaritaville has great food, great service and a great atmosphere? NO really - if you visit this chain restaurant the hospitality won't disappoint.  . . It was our first night in Las Vegas, as were walking around and looking for something to eat we came across Margaritaville.. I wanted to try this when we were in Key West but my hubby wouldn't let us... So I won this argument.. . . We came inside, which had a different seating process. (You visit the hostess, who prints out a name and table, take this to the dinning room, where one of the staff members will seat you) Upon being seated we were greeted warmly by our waiter who took our drink orders and appetizer. Shortly after he arrived with our drink orders and promptly took our dinner order. . . Appetizer: Hot Spinach and Artichoke Dip - this was brought out in a piping-hotplate with warm tortilla chips, and topped with some grated Romano and Parmesan cheese. It was quite good, I couldn't complain because we've had some really crappy spinach and artichoke dips. It was quite flavorful and hot. (they got the basics). . Dinner: We had the Mixed Fajitas (Chicken and Steak) - which came out on a sizzling platter topped with vegetables (onions, carrot, etc), a plate of warm tortillas, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and salsa on the side. THIS MEAL IS BIG ENOUGH FOR TWO - trust me on that ( we didn't even finish it) The great thing about these Fajitas was that the meat and veggies weren't just thrown on the grill and cooked... They were actually seasoned - not overly seasoned but just right.. . The waiter was great - I asked him if he knew any hookah bars in the area and he even went and asked other servers and staff (wrote it down on paper and gave it to us) . . Atmosphere: The the atmosphere was great, its a great fun place to visit - they even had a DJ on the stage playing some great songs (mix of both country, hip-hop, and even pop).
Always great,. . Luv this place!!!
