Great place, good service, just gotta pay for parking,.. No more cheep lots, I was in South West recently, and they are always on time. Good experience.
Considering the sheer volume of the traffic going through this complex on a daily basis, they deserve five stars just for keeping the roving masses from sinking into a malevolent morass of drunken businessmen, angry tourists and weary airport employees dancing around a severed pigs head on a stick.
Small, easily accessible, clean, and all around fantastic.  Reminded me of my all time fave airport in the OC, John Wayne without the LA traffic.  No drama from arrival to the baggage check, rental center, check-in and security.  Convenience and comfort are the 2 descriptors that are top of mind when thinking about my experience there, which isn't the regular in most airports.  Luv it!
wow... just wow.... . what do you get when you add fun night in vegas + rain + wind + burbank.... yep!! the lucky few who were on flight 500 yesterday (whom we all got diverted back to Las Vegas) had to be stuck here for 8...9 and probably even 24 hours..... . I've become very familiar with this airport from all the walking back and forth trying to get flights out of vegas asap ): I think I've pretty much circled the entire airport in the past 2-3 hrs i was there... LOL . . But all in all this place will always be memorable to me... (good and bad)
I don't fly enough to have many opinions about airports but the TSA agent was funny and made me laugh as I was leaving Vegas...so yay for him.
i fly in on planes here and i fly out on planes here. . i has never lost my bags in this airport. . sometimes the lines are long but it is a busy airport. . there's a tram!!!!!!!!!1111one1
The last time I was here is 2006 coming back to San Francisco from Washington, DC. I got off the plane coming from Baltimore International Airport to transfer to another plane to fly into Oakland International Airport. This is also one of the cleanest airport facilities I've been to.. . So far, McCarran is the only airport with slot machines. When I made this pit stop here, I was very surprised to see casino slot machines inside an airport. But beware, no matter which airport you are at, always be sure to have extra cash on you because the dining and shopping can be very expensive. Airport dining and shopping is very well-known to be on the pricey side.
Six major factors that play into my 5-star rating of LAS:  . . 1.  I have a strange fascination with billboards, even though I live in a state that has had a billboard ban since 1965 (Hawaii).. . 2.  In 2011, I've already been on two vacations, both in Vegas.  My third trip (in July/August) will be in ... Vegas.. . 3.  Honolulu International Airport (my home airport) always makes me feel dirty and claustrophobic, as if I'm trapped in a warehouse.  LAS is a very welcomed contrast to HNL's brown blandness.. . 4.  Flying puts me in a bad mood, but I suddenly feel better as soon as I step out of the plane - even more so when the plane lands in Vegas!. . 5.  I appreciate the free, three-mile shuttle ride to the all-in-one rent-a-car center with bathrooms, seating areas and a snack shop.. . 6.  It's conveniently located - the driving distance from LAS to the strip or downtown is relatively short.
Nothing beats landing in Vegas on a Friday night!
A solid 5 stars...... . You might ask yourself, why 5 stars? 5 stars for an airport, I like this airport a lot for a variety of reasons. First of all, it's easy to get in and out of. The cab lines aren't long even during peak seasons. Sometimes if I'm coming with my entire family I hire a limo and then forgetaboutit - no wait at all. . . I will say they have a variety of cheese ball shops here. Stupid foo foo shops, and sometimes I'll go to the candy store or donut shop to get a little sugar in me because you have to be fired up when you're in Vegas.. . I've always won when I have gambled in this airport, not large quantities but winning is better than losing. Back in my single days, it was quite easy to get picked up on or be picked up by hotties in this airport.. . I have even gotten sloshed in this airport before (several times). On one occasion back in my single days I was waiting for an 11:00 flight with a blonde georgia peach drinking bloody mary's in the lounge. Her flight left at 10:00 so we promised to hook up again at a later date after a quick kiss. I sat down and fell asleep waiting waiting for my America West plane. Being very tired, the AW attendants noticed me counting sheep and woke me up. I missed my flight but was on my way on the 1:30 flight out. Only those type of things happen in Vegas.. . What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.....
I've always had a positive experience at LAS. Organized, efficient, friendly TSA staff... lines move fairly quickly.
One of the nicest airports I pass thru..Trams to and from the terminals are always clean and run fairly quickly, the people at the airport are nice and friendly..Luggage is easy to get and a very convenient pick up area for taxis or if someone is picking you up..
love it cuz it means im at my home away from home VEGAS
TSA is very abusive here.   Saw a man arrested last night, had a taser pointed at his neck.   No one waiting for the plane saw what provoked it.   Passengers at my gate watched in horror.   He was handcuffed and arrested in front of his entire family and little girl.. . When the chief security officer finally arrived, he verbally abused the man and yelled at him.   Really upset me to have to witness that with all the other passengers.. . I have never been in an aiport that didn't have tv monitors, or weather radar maps, or clear signage.    Hard to tell from outside which terminal you are in.   Lots of us had Red Eye flights after midnight.   We arrived just in time to see most of the shops and restaurants closing.   I settled for a $16 hot dog combo.    . . Old airport dreadfully in need of updating.   Compared to the glitz of the strip, this airport is very depressing.
Something about this airport always makes me happy..... OH YEAH, IT'S BECAUSE IT'S IN VEGAS. I always get off the plane smiling and sometimes already intoxicated. And I leave sad, but still intoxicated. I love McCarran Airport.
Celebs galore.  I've flown in a few times thanks to the Hotels and Casinos...  It was fun being able to rub elbows with Joey Fatone and others while waiting for my limo.  Where else can you find slots at an airport.  You get in and get out in a flash.  The gateway to nonstop action!!!
This is by far my favorite airport...not simply because it's the gateway to Sin City, but it is by far the most efficient. The trains that move passengers from one terminal to the other, the layout of entrances and exits, the baggage carousels...everything about this airport screams efficiency. After all,the more time you waste at the airport, the less time you have to lose money at the casinos!!!. . Of course, you can always pony up to a slot machine while you are waiting for your bags!
Love this airport for ONE REASON!!!  FREE WI-FI!!!  You don't have to subscribe to anything like San Fran does...  Easy to get around to boot, although I'm only talking about the D-Gates, cuz that's the one that gets me in to Vegas and gets me home...  plus if you still got the gambling bug left in you, there's still some slots to try your luck on...  They say, sometimes you actually win on those...  You Never Know...
Not much to say about this airport. I've never lost a bag, so that's good. The terminals and baggage claim are easy to find. The security is fine, never had any attitude or issues
this is a very fast, affordable airport.  it has a lot of connections.  those things alone make it a good airport in my book.  it's convenient to the strip and downtown.  it's easy to navigate and clean.  the giant horny toad sculpture is so much fun to take a picture with.
This airport is a great change over Chicago O'Hair.   It by far less busy, and the flights seem to be not as affected as much as what goes on at O'Hair.   . . The flights are a bit limited in terms of direct flights.  But if your traveling within the mid-west or to a major city relativly close by, chances are good you'll be able to find the direct flight.    . . The security lines don't seem to be as bad and certainly the staff here are much more people friendly than in other places.
lets face it, u gotta love the fact that theres a gym, slot machines, a whole buncha hookers, never a weather delay, and a lot of dudes who've sinned over their weekend... all at this particular airport, all at the same time... . . only in vegas, baby... only in vegas.
I kinda love this airport. Maybe it's because it's my first stop when I arrive in my favorite vacation destination. I mean, slot machines in the airport? That's SO Vegas!. . One of my favorite elements of this fly zone are the billboards in the baggage claim. They get me totally stoked, and I'm usually dancing around the room before I get my bag.. . There's usually a wait for security here, but it's not too terrible. It's worth it.. . There's also a decent selection of food, drink and shopping. All in all, even if this airport were built our of cardboard and inhabited by bums, I'm sure I'd still love it ... cuz it's the gateway to VEGAS. So feel free to take my review with a grain of salt.
I have always thought highly of this airport.  It used to be the busiest place i had ever been to. But, sadly no longer.  The flights to Vegas have been cut by the hundreds. Many of the shops and restaurants now sit empty and many gates are now abandoned.  However, what is still there is wonderful. A few good restaurants and some really cool shops just outside of security.  Restrooms are always clean and everything in them is automated. All the people that work there are very friendly and they put with a lot on some nights. Drunks, druggies, weirdos ,,,i am just telling the truth.   I hope it comes back in full glory because, it is a great place to be.  I almost forgot don't pass up all the slot machines (i have seen people win big) and there is a 24 hour fitness downstairs.
How can you not love an airport with slot machines?. . Aside from that it is a nice setup with a few shops and restaurants.  Nice facilities and a tram to take you to the other side.  Never had any problems getting through here.  Plus its Vegas so there's plenty of eye candy when you get in.  Taxi line gets a bit busy but they do what the system works as good as can be expected.  Worst part about this airport is having to leave Vegas.
As with all airports... it's easy to navigate through check in, security, etc.... as long as YOU make it easy.  Be ready with tickets, ID, take your shoes off.  Let the staff do their job, even if it is a hassle.. . Over all this is a great airport.
I actually really like McCarran, maybe because I'm used to the suck that is Philly. . . McCarran is clean and easy to navigate. The security lines move along and are generally efficient. There are flights to and from just about every where. The best part is you can booze and gamble while waiting for your flight.. . The worst part about McCarran is the taxi line trying to leave ... it's awful and takes forever. There's a rumor they're going to expand the monorail to the airport, but that makes way too much sense for a government agency to follow through on it.
This is one of the better airports in my opinion.  (Hey a huge leap better than LAX which I usually have to fly out of!). . McCarran has free WiFi,  it's clean, easy to navigate, lots of shops/boutiques and places to eat.  There's a great selection of places to drink and slot machines everywhere. . . The last time I flew in to McCarran, my friend's flight was delayed from Dallas (who I was supposed to meet there) so I ended up waiting nearly four hours for her inside the airport and the wait was extremely pleasant.. . I didn't take a taxi out of here, so I can't comment on that, I took a shuttle and that is pretty fast too. . My departure from McCarran was pleasant too.  The TSA line at McCarran is extremely fast to get through (compared to LAX) and I like watching their funny videos they have (Elvis going through the TSA line and such like).  The TSA agents are friendly enough.. . .
This airport used to busy 24-7. No longer, it is almost a ghost town. Very few flights coming in and out of here these days. Still a very nice place. Quite a few good resturants and some good shops. There is a bank (Wells Fargo) and a 24 hour fitness here. So they really try to keep it a place with everything. Always clean and lots of Starbucks through out.  Free Wireless for your computer. Nice claen restrooms, everything automated. Lots of parking and they don't charge too much either. You can even get your car valleted and they will wash it  while you ar eon your trip.
TSA people here are lazy!  5 stars!  Its awesome cuz the line I was in they wanted to switch shifts.  So they literally push all our of crap through the xray then told us to line up single file and every walked through the metal detector at once.  HAHAHAHAHA.  I've done a lot of traveling and this was by far the best thing ever.  This is how all airport should handle security.  Homeland security is fuckin dumb.
People need to learn to TIP. $2 is NOT a tip.... Traffic cops are jerks. Clean, Modern, WELL SIGNED. Read the signs and you won't get lost!
I've flown through LAS rougly 25-30 times over the past year and it's a very reliable airport with few delays.
And I know airports. Damn. Er... jackpot, rather.. . Free WiFi, yummy restaurants, cute boutique shops, weird souvenirs, and as relatively clean as airports get. :)
I love this airport!!!. . I was in a wheelchair and the man who pushed me around had a smile on my face the entire time. I couldn't believe how friendly everyone was there!. . It is a large airport so for anyone who has trouble getting around I highly recommend getting a wheelchair!. . I think they do a pretty good job with getting lines down to with how many people come in and out and your luggage arrives really quickly too.. . Great experience!
My fav Airport they move people like nobodys biz.
After seeing a lot of airports and going through a lot of security checks, I've decided that LAS is the one of the best airports on the west coast. Check-in is always under 15 minutes if you don't bring crazy stuff in your bag and remember to take your laptop out. It's easy to navigate. There are a lot of places to eat, and plenty of places to charge your phone/laptop. AND FREE WI-FI! :]
I love McCarran Airport!! One of my favorites. The D gates are the nicest at LAS.  It also depends on the gates you are at. The D gates are my favorite. I only had one problem with the TSA agents. They are all rude and expect you to treat them like they are royalty.
Always a smooth experience both ways...flying in and out.
i love this airport because when i get off the airplane i'm in Vegas. . . sweet.
I can't believe our airport only has three stars. With free wifi, super fast baggage delivery, humorous security videos, ads the size of highway billboards, and hundreds of electronic checking stations, airplane travel has never been so glamorous. . . Today I left the strip in a cab at 4:35 for a flight scheduled to leave at 5:20. I arrived at McCarren at 4:43 and was seated on my flight at 5:10 after buying a bottle of water and withdrawing money at a credit union ATM on the way. . . Small airports are never this efficient. Or fun.
I stand corrected. They do have free wi-fi!  M.I.A., a five star airport indeed!
Fun security line. The guy corralling people into lines was as funny as someone can be in a mixed audience. (May 6 ~10am?) Great for people watching. Maybe this is because I wasn't hung over on my way out of town. Maybe it was because I was going home to my quiet, Axe-cologne-free house. . . Cab line to get to the strip was just plain (haha) awful. Though it moved fairly quickly, it was still 200+ deep and took nearly 40 minutes before I was on my way. And you know when I (or most anyone, for that matter) get to Vegas I just wants to get to my room and grab a drink. A bar cart at baggage claim would make a killing $$
I love this airport. It's easy to navigate, there are lots of restaurants and shops, security is quick to get through and it's very easy to get to the cab/shuttle lanes.
Absolutely love this airport! How cool is it to have Slot machines at the airport?!? Only in Vegas, baby!. . My flights are usually red-eye flights so the majority of the shops and stores are closed when I am there but they have some cool stores that I wished I could visit.  This would be one of the best airports to have a long layover.  Lots of options to keep you entertained, including FREE wi-fi!!!
Get to the Chase:. . Pros:. 1) Easy to roam. 2) Clean. 3) A taste of Vegas as soon as you de-board...Slot machines galore!. 4) Bigger and Better epitomized in this airport. . Cons:. 1) Can get too tacky for my tastes. 2) Limited food choices (both expensive and not that tasty)
LOL what is there not to love about this airport? Never have any issues with security or flights here. They even have a shop that sells handles of alcohol just in case you didn't want to check a bag in with a bottle! LOL. game on everyone!
Great Airport! Playing slots doesn't start or end on the strip it follows you everywhere in Vegas even the airport! The minute you step foot off the airplane into the terminal all you hear is the chiming of the slots and they are everywhere in the airport. . . This airport is very tourist friendly and you can grab a shuttle for $13 round trip to your hotel. Yes, it'll be about 2 hours before you get there but for the price you can't beat it. . . The hotel airport is easy to direct whether you want to grab your car rental, look for shuttle service or grab a limo for about $25 a head to arrive in ooohlala style to your hotel.. . Cool airport and easy to get around!
My experience at McCarran has always been top notch whenever I fly out!! Excellent customer service, very polite staff, everything is pretty much where you need to access it quickly!! If I could give it more stars, I most definitely would!! Kudos McCarran!!!
Consistently the best airport in the country!
Hands down my favorite airport! Why - well, no airport gets you through security faster/easier than Las Vegas. I have never had an issue here, never. . . And they got their act together regarding the rental cars - great rental car center, rarely have to wait any time at all.
I'll be back here again in a few weeks, but here's my short review of my last experience (roughly 3 weeks ago).. . I'm a bit surprised to see all these people complain about LAS Airport.  Yes, the bathrooms aren't super clean, and yes, it's not architecturally gorgeous, but hey, it's a really fun airport.. . Landed into McCarran a few weeks back, and was in Vegas just for the day, but I found that after the aircraft blocked into the gate, and deboarding, it was so easy to navigate to get on the quick shuttle, to walk my way down to arrivals.. . After I got out of the terminal, got in line for the cab (a short wait), and found myself to my meeting within a few minutes.  Yes, it's not super big, and yes, this airport is nothing to be compared to say, Changi (Singapore), or HKG, it's still a nice, fun airport to hang out.   So who cares what restaurants they got--they got the basics, and yes, they have machines--in case you ever get lucky here :D. . I still rate this airport a lot higher than say, LAX :/
I adore this airport. It's kept clean. There is generally plenty of seating at the gates. No matter your terminal, there are a few options for food and drink. The bathrooms are also clean. All of the directional signage is clear (I've never been lost there!).. . I look forward to the slot machine sounds when I arrive! They're almost inescapable; if that bothers you, McCarran obviously won't be your cup of tea.
I love how close this airport is to the Las Vegas Strip.  You get into the cab and before you know it you are at your hotel and ready to par-tay!  . . This airport knows what to do given the mass amount of people it sees on a daily basis.  It has always been easy to fly in and out of this place and get where you need to go.. . Plus where else can you gamble while you wait for your flight home?
I love this airport, because it is my entry portal into the city of sin. Kinda sad that I can instantly start losing my money on the slots as soon as I step off of my plane. You can totally tell who has been partying hard and ready to go home on return flights (I'm definitely that chick who waits for her returning flight with a huge water bottle and my sunglasses on, because I'm hating life). It is also pretty sweet that there are tons of shops that sell unique things such as that one lingerie store that sells rave furries. Security is never a hassle so bonus for that. Until we meet again Vegas!
This new terminal is gorgeous.  1000% better than the old one.  I'm impressed.
Its small and extremely close to the strip. Grab your bags and make your way to the taxi stand ASAP! (PS-- its sometimes cheaper to do a shuttle if you're traveling alone)
When did Vegas airport get so nice??  Im pretty sure this was the new terminal (Jet Blue side).. it was about 3 miles from the old terminals.   The place is HUGE, friendly staff, hardly any line, hassle free security, free wifi, clean, uncrowded, new... decent restaurants... I mean, what more can I ask for??  Keep it up Vegas!
Beautiful airport with new renovations. I departed out of their brand new Jet Blue Terminal and was very impressed. This airport was clean with many shops and restaurants to choose from. Be sure to arrive early so you can buy some souveniers and even play some slots while you wait for your flight. .  They even have mini salons where you can get a quick massage or polish-but I'm sure they have them in every airport nowadays. . It's also 5-10 minute drive from new Las Vegas Blvd., which is great.
The few times I've been to McCarran, I've always had a pleasant experience. There are many restaurants and shops to visit while you are in transit to your final destination. There are so many Starbucks that if you missed one, there will be another you can go to! If you're like me, I need to be caffeinated!! . . On your way through security, you can enjoy Vegas Themed security videos like Cirque Du Soleil, Knights of Excalibur, and a magician trying to get through the security check. I think it's cute how they themed the videos.. . If you're waiting for a cab, although the line is long- it moves very efficiently and you will be on your  way shortly. What is also great is that it's very spacious and has free wifi at every terminal. One of the better airports I've been to!
This review is for the new Terminal 3 only, because damn the other terminals are hell on earth.. . I remember the Las Vegas airport being a nightmare, but I was treated to quite a surprise when I landed in Las Vegas on a JetBlue flight into terminal 3. Everything about it was opposite of the Southwest terminal. It was bright, it was spacious, the ceilings were high and I damn near literally stumbled onto the street thinking I had to take that devil's device they call a tram. On my way out of Vegas I was pleased to find how easy it was to get to the terminal and then through the check-in counters and security.. . One of my favorite touches is that all of the gate markers (for the E gates at least) are equiped with LCD screens. In addition to showing the gate number, airline, flight number, and departure time, the background is a landmark of the desitnation city. For New York it was the Statue of Liberty. For Long Beach it was the Queen Mary. When it got to be nighttime, I noticed that the background for the Long Beach gate changed from a daytime shot of the Queen Mary to a night time shot of Downtown Long Beach. That is a really cool touch. It seems the restaurant and shopping selection behind security is much better than the old terminals as well. I'm convinced that until the other terminals are remodeled, I need to fly into an airline that takes off and lands out of McCarran's Terminal 3.
Flying into McCarran (Las Vegas) airport is always a great time. Everyone is happy, upbeat and they still have plenty of cash stashed throughout their undergarments.. . Flying out, a whole different experience. Not because of the long faces, the hung over passengers, the arguing from the recently divorced couple, the aroma of late night cheap booze and cigarette smoke fuming from slept-in clothes, everyone looking like an unmade bed or the oversized souvenir glasses being carried by  every Vegas Virgin.. . Naw, that is all part of the experience you love to expect. (as long as they aren't sitting next to you).. . I dreaded leaving the airport because the walk to security was long, the lines were never-ending, everyone seems to walk a little slower and four abreast (seemingly unaware of the other 10,000 people scurrying to their gates).. . And then, just after passing through security, the need to take a tram to the gate. THe tram which is usually standing room only and having to witness that one passenger who can't squeeze themselves or their luggage into the already full shuttle tram, keeping the tram doors from closing or departing. . . Yes, you. Miss, "I smell like cotton candy and squeezed my size 24 body into a size 4 leopard body suit.". . But now, today, this glorious of glorious days...all that has vanished. There's a new gate at the airport. And that gate is Gate E. Yes, Gate E, which I assume stands for Extraordinary, Exceptional, Everyone but you Leopard Lady Suit!. . Yes, Gate E, my savior. Check-in is a mere "paces" away, a nice quick stroll to the friendly security podium, and no shuttle, tram or people mover in sight. And the quickest TSA agents on the planet, the best must be rewarded and moved to Gate E.. My bags, lap top, shoes and belt beat me through the x-ray. I know, right?. . And when you get to the gate...There it is Chop House Brewery.... Need I say more?
This is a very nice airport. Super clean, lots of natural light, nice bathrooms. I've actually never had a problem with flights being delayed, though I'm not sure that can be attributed to the airport. . . There's a lot of food and drink options available. And, of course, you can gamble at the slot machines the moment you exit your airplane, which isn't something most airports can say. . . Every time I've been to Vegas, I've never had a problem at the airport. No complaints!
You can drink wherever. There's slot machines every 10 feet. And, there's enough bachelor/bachelorette parties to fuel a Roman orgy. Roman?!?! THIS IS AMERICA DAMMIT!!!. . USA! USA! USA!...
You just have to love an airport with slot machines!
Slots are fun put in $12 ,left with $46. Quit when youre ahead
Before writing any more, I must admit that I don't usually have any problems in airports. This one seemed pretty average for the most part (which translates to good in my book) except that the staff seemed especially friendly. I'm not sure why airports get such a bad rap lately. I'm starting to think that people just walk into them in a bad mood and it clouds their judgement. If you're respectful to the employees, they will show you respect as well. I have never encountered a rude gate attendant or security officer, and I'm starting to think that it has less to do with luck and more to do with the fact that I don't give them a hard time. This one definitely had friendly smiling faces to help guide you through your check-in, security, etc, so it definitely gets 5 stars.
I have not been traveling much but I do have to go to the airport to pick up people a few times a week!  I love this place!  I can sit for hours and people watch, so many different characters come through Vegas.  You see families reuniting, the party goers and the older crowd you are here to eat, drink and gamble!  The restrooms are clean, Starbucks is WAYYYYY overpriced!  $5 for a regular coffee.....no thanks!  Ill wait!  Short term parking is always available for just $2 an hour.  Security guards get a little crazy when in passenger pickup, always blowing their whistles telling you to move, well sir, there is someone in front of me I can't move so stop telling me to!!!!!!  I ventured into terminal 3, the brand new terminal that had just recently been opened and it was great!  Not crowded, no traffic, parking up the wazoo!
This airport is awesome! It's one of the bigger ones I've been to and it's easy to navigate. . You never need to worry about being bored either. Since it's Vegas there are slot machines everywhere, as soon as you step out of the terminal. There's also so many stores and restaurants. If you still can't figure out what to do just look out the windows at the amazing views of the Las Vegas strip! . I've never been bored in this airport. And if all else fails, just listen in on tourists conversations about "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas". You will probably hear the most craziest stuff that, well, only could have happened in Vegas!
Standard airport.  The reason I give it 5 stars...There's never a line at security when I go!  Luckily i guess being a local i'm flying opposite traffic usually.  But either way they are fairly efficient and everything seems to flow.  There is some construction and it seems to be growing in size.
If you remember how McCarran airport was one or two decades ago then you'll be happy to know that its MUCH MUCH better now. I've been to this airport probably 25 times or so in my life, my opinion of it as a child was more or less "please can we not ever go to this airport again!!!". Yet now, after the streamlining of the rental cars (with the rental center) and the addition of more...well everything...the airport is fantastic. There are now better and more accurate flight times due to expansion of not just the terminals but the taxiing areas for the planes and passenger areas. My experiences here have gotten progressively better and better as years passed...my recent experience here was the fastest and best. Of course you must put into consideration that we went in December, but honestly it was a great nice change to come in the winter, that damn summer is so HOT! So anyway, the introduction of mobile boarding passes too really is a great feature for airlines and airports (I would like to see more passengers using them though, perhaps their sales/marketing teams need a fire up their butts). The whole airport is clean, the restaurant/quick stop areas are great and plentiful. There are tons of taxis always waiting...and at some point I KNOW they will get the monorail to be extended to the airport, which will be a dream come true honestly, it would be such a freggin busy monorail and so great for the environment too! The free wifi is a huge plus too, and its pretty fast! All in all, they have done a great job with this airport over the years. I feel qualified to write this review since although I might have had bad experiences while younger at this airport, it's obvious to me that you must go somewhere many many times to really see how well it is ran, maintained, and upgraded! Have fun and enjoy Vegas!!! :)
I love this airport because it's Las Vegas. Only time I don't like it is when I have to leave.. . Seriously tho, the taxi lines are pretty fast and the wait persons are efficient.
Fast moving security line for a Sunday morning.
The 5 star rating is ONLY for Christmas Day 2012, when there no stress and no lines for anything.  No waiting in line for TSA, just 90 seconds from checking my ID and boarding pass to the gate area, no crowd waiting to get into the bathroom...  The TSA personnel were even smiling!. . On any other day, terminal 1 of McCarran would probably be hell but I can say I enjoyed going through this airport at least once.
Easy-flow airport - in and out. Houston needs to take lessons!
T3 is da bomb.  so super awesome that even the usual mean TSA agents seemed nicer.  T3 is so amazing that it makes PDX's awesome terminal feel like crap in comparison!  Why is it so awesome?  Easy flows.  I mean, you seem to glide everywhere!  It's simplistic in its layout.  It's minimal in design.  Gonna fly Alaska Air now every time just to experience T3.  you can go anywhere within minutes.
ahhhhh Oh how I love that feeling of landing at Las Vegas Mccarran International Airport.....and Oh how I hate when I have to go there to actually leave Las Vegas :(. This airport is flawless so really got nothing bad to say. I come in from Stockton, California Allegiant airlines. You land and they have signs directing you to the transport to take you to baggage claims. I generally only have a duffle bag on me so I don't really do baggage claims anymore , but when I did I had no problems. You exit baggage claims and go directly outside and decide which shuttles you want to take(Bell trans for the win!!!! Baby!!!!)  Pay the money for the round trip shuttle and hop on the next one and they will take you to your hotel. Call one day in advance and they will pick you up from your hotel and take you to the airport for your departure. It's really that easy. This is like that one city where I have the aiports mastered 100%...I'm not bragging but just keeping it real ;) . If you want you can take a limo to your hotel...whatever floats your boat. . . Now when leaving Vegas it's still not really complicated. go to your section of the airport(For me generally allegiant airlines) and they will get you your ticket. Now the TSA part is tricky. I've been to Vegas and had times when going through TSA was a breeze but also had times when the line was backed up for days. Basically if you are leaving in the Afternoon/Evening then make sure you are at least an hour early for your flight.! If you go early in the morning then getting through is generally a breeze. Heck one time I lost my I.D. in Vegas but since I went to the airport so early they were able to get me figured out and situated pretty easily. If I would have went in the afternoon...probably would have been a different story!. . This is an airport you love to land in but hate to depart in. . . The happiest part is when you are getting on your shuttle to go to the hotel and you look across the street at all the people leaving Vegas and you can't help but grin......don't laugh since that will be you next lol...
I am a fan because we won money in the Wheel of Fortune machine on our way home! It was the first machine on the left walking into the food area in B.  Good luck!
Renovated and gorgeous. Plus arriving here is just the best feeling in the whole world. Just writing this review makes me ready to party
McCarran Intl Airport is a very well-run facility. The gates and security checkpoints are easy to navigate and the security personnel are relatively friendly. Compared to other airports in the US, I would definitely rank it in the top 5. As far as friendly advice goes, I STRONGLY recommend printing out your boarding pass at your home or office. While the security lines move pretty quick, you could spend 30-45 minutes waiting in line at the ticket counters for your boarding pass. If you have to check bags this is unavoidable but for travelers who fly with only carry-on and personal items, you can save a lot of time by planning ahead.
I have travelled a lot in my life so far and have been to a gazillion airports from places with 2 gates to your Frankfurts, JFKs, and LAXs of the world.  McCarran is and will always be my favorite.  It is easy to get around between the gates, your luggagecomes out quick, and there is actually things to do when you are waiting for your flight and not just slots either.
Love getting off my plane and watching for the "Janet" flights in the morning and late afternoons. Kinda sad watching people throwing away their money on the slot machines in the terminal but I guess everyone can hope and wish....
Biased review since this is my town's primary airport. Though when I lived in LA I considered LAX (LA Airport) only a 3-star airport (and still do think it's a mediocre airport and that LA deserves better).. . Why it's 5-stars:. - Free wi-fi. - Near the Strip and Henderson; not far from Chinatown or Downtown. - Easy access via Paradise, Tropicana or 215 freeway. - Terminal 1 has a designated passenger pick-up area (separate from taxis/shuttles). - New Terminal 2 is nice
Great place to fly in/out of.... . They got planes. They go up and down. . . They got security. They have machines that look thru your clothes and see if you have bombs attached to you.. . They got Burger King that costs $15 for an extra-value meal and you still get that same sick feeling after.. . If I am flying in or out of Vegas. This would be my first (and only) choice as to airports.
The new United terminal is gorgeous (in its own Vegas way). The rental shuttle system is fast and efficient. McCarran continues to improve on an already great start. LAS has always been a great airport to fly into and it's still improving the mark of a good organization.
Slots + clean bathrooms, what more could you ask from an airport? Perhaps slots in the bathrooms, now thats an idea.
This airport is nice...lots of shops and restaurants! The staff is friendly and helpful...
Great aiport, easy to get around and very close to the strip.  They even have slot machines in the terminals if you are into gambling.
Check on-line if your flight is delayed. It could save you hours of temptation by the slot machines & fast food of all varieties. It's my home airport. I don't have any complaints. I go, I fly, I come back, I go home. It serves its purpose.
This review is for both terminals. I have never had a problem with the TSA. I have never encountered long lines like at JFK or La Guardia. The people that work at the air port are very friendly. It is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants. The new international terminal is very nice.
I gotta say, being one of the busiest places with all the Vegas traffic its put together well and easy to navagate.  Bravo!   5Star airport, the reason, its privately owned, unlike most airports in America.  In fact, that is why they can have SLOT MACHINES in the airport.  They say they are tight machines, but everyone needs to win eventually...lol   Gamble, whilst you wait...thats slick, or stupid, but clever too!
Qype Beitrag 13.9.13 : . Das 4. mal jetzt hier gewesen & Fazit : TOP ! Nie einen besseren ,organisierteren & freundlicheren Flughafen gesehn wie diesen ! . Weder beim einreisen noch beim ausreisen Probleme gehabt ! . Die Kontrolle ,wenn man alles richtig ,auf den blauen Zettel (am besten im Groen Druckbuchstaben und leserlich) ausgefullt hat,dauert es lediglich ein Lacheln und n Fingerabdruck und der Spass kann beginnen ! . Vor dem Ruckflug,wenn man dann noch Genug Geld hat und nicht genugend Geklimper von blinkenden Automaten,die formlich nur deinen Namen rufen,weil nur "DU" derjenige bist auf dem der Jackpot wartet,kann noch mal ordentlich am Hebel ziehn ;) VORSICHT : es kommt keine knapp bekleidete Dame vorbei und fragt dich was du trinken willst ! Du wirst nicht verdursten,fur genug Gastro ist gesorgt ,auch wenn es keine Schnappchen-Happen sind :) . Viel Spa in Vegas
It's vegas, it's an airport, they have tons of shops and restaurants and the place has slot machines everywhere. What more can you ask for? . . Oh and most importantly, it is right next to the strip.
Yes. THIS is how you run an airport. Huge place but they manage the crowds, the shuttle trams come quickly, and there's gambling right when you walk off the plane. Traffic can get a little jammed up at certain times around weekends, but nowhere near other places like SFO or O'Hare. Not a lot of bullshit here.
While on layover at this airport, I apparently lost my driver's license. I did not discover this until I got home and had no idea where I lost it on my trip. I worried about someone using my license for several days until I received it in the mail from the McCarren Lost and Found. I commend the honesty of whoever found it and the speed with which it was returned to me. Thank you so much, whoever you are. God bless!
Best airport ever, but I practically live here, since I'm always flying so I'm bias.
3 Words: Benefit Vending Machine. . Have I died and gone to heaven??? Just imagine it, stepping off of the escalator, rushing to our flight and what is before my eyes...???. . A Benefit Cosmetics pink bus vending machine.. . Praise the lord our flight was boarding and ready to leave or else I would have been in some serious trouble.. . This thing is just too cute for words "Glam Up & Away" kiosks are genius! . . LAX needs one pronto!
In my experience as a frequent flyer I've experienced my fair share of lay overs. After so many I've learned to appreciate Las Vegas's McCarran International Airport. The ease of their ticketing machines because they have all the airlines on each machine. The ease of bag checking personally I've never had an issue. TSA's pretty polite and courteous and depending on your gate McCarran Airport has a pretty good selection of souvenir shops and quick eats.
Having dealt with Newark and JFK Airports all my life, I was utterly impressed with this one. I expected drunken crowds of crazy people bumping into me, causing me to randomly curse people out. . . My flight in was pretty uneventful, it was semi-crowded but we got out of there quickly. We were dropped off on the Strip within 45 minutes of us landing.. . We left pretty late at night and it was a Ghost Town. After having spent 3 days straight playing Fireball and Wheel of Fortune, I had absolutely no desire to play more slots in the airport. (If you do, you might need to look up your local GA when you get home). . We got through security both times with no issues or fondling. It made me wish Newark/JFK was more like this place. They seem to know how to handle huge crowds of tourists without pissing people off.
Who doesn't love this airport????  OMG it's so easy.  The thought of landing in Vegas already holds an expectation, and the airport for sure meets that challenge!  Once you step off the plane you hear the ching ching ching of the machines and you KNOW you have arrived!. . I think it's a very clean airport.  The staff have always been funny and helpful.  I can imagine they have such good stories to tell.... . The luggage is not too bad - sometimes a longer wait but that is ok.  The taxi line can be long but for the most part moves quickly.. . The cute train between terminals is so easy and fun.. . The lobby areas have nice artwork and big fun posters about who is in town. . . Great vibe and great service!
Yeeehaw! . How many other airports can you go play the slots at!? . Kickass! I love throwing a few bucks in the slot machines while I wait for my flight! . The airport is mostly fairly clean. Plenty of outlets for travelers to charge their gadgets. There's all kinds of cool stores to shop at and blow your massive Vegas jackpot money. The transportation is easy to get to the strip immediately, with set prices. . There's easy access to bathrooms and drinking water. However, the prices are pretty dang expensive for all the food stuff. . It's a pleasure to fly in and out of McCarran.
