Our number one place for drinks and eats in Tempe. Always the spot to go for birthdays, celebrations, and post sporting events. We haven't had a bad beer or a bad meal here. Outdoor seating (with heaters in winter) is a nice option and you can reserve the back area for large groups/parties. In the last few years, they put out a hostess stand and there is a longer wait for seating, but at least you can take the buzzer to the bar while you wait. The parking lot is very small, but you can find a spot on one of the streets nearby without too much effort.
We went on a Friday night and it was PACKED. We waited about 20 minutes, but boy was it worth it. We had a little trouble finding parking - it's located on a small street and I think most people had to find street parking. I really liked the ambiance of the place, though. Everyone was there to have a good time and people would be enjoying a beer while waiting for seats. . . Waiting for seats took a while, but once we sat down, the food was really quick to arrive. I think the service was okay - it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't fantastic either. I attribute that to the fact that the place was just sooo busy. . . We ordered Brickhouse wings for appetizer. I ordered the Italian Beef Beer Bread and my boyfriend ordered Bleu Light Special Burger. We also shared a pint of the Hop Knot IPA. The beer was exquisite. It had a rich flavor that you can really enjoy. I definitely want to go back and try their other ales. The wings were really good, too - a little spicy for my liking (we sampled all three flavors), but a good starter nonetheless. My boyfriend's burger was all right, kind of like any other burger. But the beer battered fries it came with was PHENOMENAL. It's definitely a must-try if you go. Even in England, I'd never had such flavorful beer battered fries. I also loooved my Italian Beef Beer Bread. It came in a wrap instead of sandwich. The wrap was soft and had a nice texture, and it was stuffed to the brim with tender roast beef and medley of cheeses and veggies. I just had my left overs for lunch, and it was still amazing. . . Definitely will go back!
Hop Knot!    I graduated around the time this place opened and feel like a founding father in a way.  I reacquainted myself with Four Peaks during the 2010 Homecoming weekend.  I am happy to see the place doing well. Four Peaks is everything a local craft brewery should be.  It is slightly hidden in its location off the main drags of Rural and University.  Their is a lack of pretentiousness by both the restaurant staff and the patrons.  They have definitely classed the place up a bit since the mid 90s.  I missed the dart board, as we used to get drunk and play cricket.  Maybe that was a safety concern.  Above all else, the beer is very good here.  And with the death of Bandersnatch, Four Peaks is the place to go for some great local beer.  . . Almost forgot!  The food quality was a pleasant surprise!  Great huge portioned nachos!
I was there this weekend for the Tempe Beerathalon with my husband who was one of the runners, I think they did  a great job in keeping up the orders for about 150 + people.  It was a Saturday and it was already starting to get busy, but they accommodated the whole group.  . . There was a slight confusion on our order, but all was forgiven due to the circumstances.  I was just happy they were able to host the event there.. . I had also been here once before after winning a gift certificate for $50.00.  We happen to go during happy hour and we ate and drank so much and it still didn't total the whole amount.  We were so happy that we tipped our waiter 20 bucks, walked to the light rail and just walked around Mill Ave for awhile.
My wife and visited Four peaks for dinner this past Saturday on a date night and it was out of this world.  . The food was amazing the server was attentive without being annoying and the beer was perfect.  I tried the flight and really liked the hop knot and the 8th ST.  (Kiltlifter is already in my beer hall of fame club).. My only complaint, open a resteraunt on the west side and save me from Rock Bottom and Gordon Biersch.
Ahh Memories... I miss here since I moved from Arizona. Literally, best beer you can find in AZ. I went to Germany for training. I  miss Four Peaks :) (Yes even in Germany). . My favorites are Kilt Lifter and Arizona Peach Ale. I can drink a pitcher of Pitch ale myself.. . Food : I like veggie pesto pizza a lot. Also, Chicken strip with chipotle sauce is food for late night. They have a good burgers too.
Never a bad experience! Even in the summer when you're sweating your ass off since its not air conditioned/outside.  . The beers are all pretty good.  I definitely prefer some to others but it seems as though everyone has different opinions.  There is sorta something for everyone.  I like the 8th St and the Hop Knot.  Sometimes the peach is pretty refreshing too although I never thought I would like a peach beer.  My bf loves the Kilt Lifter.  I am really not a fan of the hefeweizen but I must be in the minority because its the one I see most commonly on tap at other bars. . I haven't tried everything on the food menu but I haven't been disappointed in anything I've had.  The fries are really good and I LOVE the dipping sauce they give you for the chicken tenders.  I suppose my only food complaint would be that the pizza I tried was a little too cheesy.  Still tasted great I just couldn't help but think about all the fat and calories.
Great Beer! Best Chicken Strips you can find! Enough said.
I made the mistake of relocating to the east coast a few months ago.    . . There are few thoughts about life in Arizona that cause a pit in my stomach like when I think about a warm night on the patio at Four Peaks.  I'm not really sure what it is about a barren warehouse converted to a brewery.  But it's magical. . . I walk around the cold suburbs of DC and am overwhelmed by the thought of a Tap Room Tenderloin (blue cheese crumbles on the side).  Or a cold pint of Sunbru on a warm summer afternoon.  Better yet, ordering a Winter Wobbler after your waitress wobbles in the aisle to demonstrate how good it is.  . . I arranged to meet a girl here on a first date.  We enjoyed numerous pitchers over a couple of years.  We fell in love here and she even arranged a quick behind-the-scenes tour as a Christmas present.  But she also convinced me to move outside the Four Peaks distribution area.  When we decided to move, we had our going away party here.. . So my suggestion to Yelpers in the Phoenix area is to not just visit Four Peaks in Tempe or even the Grill and Tap in Scottsdale.  But have a beer, fall in love but never move away.
This place is ALWAYS busy and packed!!  Be prepared for a long wait for a table.. . But once you get in and get seated, they've TVs galore. All of their food is massive, and everything I've had here is really good.  My first trip to Four Peaks was to quell a burger craving. Craving quenched - great variety of burgers. Subsequent trips have all been good - nachos, chicken fingers, wraps.  My most recent trip this past weekend, I had their margherita pizza - their version has white sauce and garlic, thin crust, one size, about 10" - and, as usual, Four Peaks came through, it was damn good. . . Of course, it's a brewery, and they have great beer. If you're a beer fan, you'll love their beers from amber to stout.
I loved this place. The food, beer, service, and overall ambiance all worked for me. Both me and my friend had the salmon BLT and I got the Kiltlifter. The sandwich and the beer were absolutely delicious. There is nothing quite like enjoying a cold brewski outside with good friends and good food, and Four Peaks delivers that. Its worth driving around looking for parking, don't let that stop you. I will definitely be going back here in the future to try their seasonal beers (they were in between seasons when I went), buy fresh-brewed beer to take home, and try some more of their delectable menu. One of my favorite spots in Tempe by far.
Unbelievable.  I found this place on Yelp, so thank you, Yelpers!. . Went in on Thursday, found the staff attentive and friendly.  In fact, I think they might have kept serving me well past my ability to drive.  The food, spectacular!  Beers? Spectacular!  . . Went back Sunday after the half marathon for the playoff games.  Took less than the hour the desk said to get a seat for nine, and the pizza was awesome.  The previous lamb and sausage pasta was also super.. . This place rocks, only downside is the parking.  . . I hear it isn't air conditioned for the summer.  If the lure of the land truly does draw me out to AZ, I will update this.
If you love a great Elk burger, this is the place to go.  Great beer too.
We took about 10 people to 4 peaks the week before Christmas for lunch.  It was really busy, but they got us right in.  The service was top notch and so was the food.  We will be back for sure!  Can't wait to try brunch.
there is only 2-4 spots that i make sure each out of town visitor gets to try as local fare - LGO, Breakfast Club, The Grind, and Four Peaks. This place is by bar the most frequented establishment i visit in the valley. i never wait long despite there always being a line. . . I've tried 8-9 menu items and have only been disappointed in 1 (a daily special of bratwurst hoagies) but that was my fault. By the time i had been served the heavy/fatty menu item, i had already indulged in 1/2 plate of fries and some artichoke dip. . . I'm not a beer fan but crave their beer. Best french fries in town. I crave their nachos with blackened chicken and their white pizza. And with their uh-mazing outdoor patio and the sunshines and weather that we get 6mths a year...Boom.
This place rules.I love a non coparte business,escpcially locally owned and brewed beer and killer food.the daily specials are the b*MB.cometh staff is good to look at and always friendly,the managers and owner are always walking around making sure everything is ok.and you can grab beer to go.perfect,gotta watch out for that raj IPA,strong,I call it "no knees"eat drink and be merry,vi la vida
Four Peaks has been one of my favorite places for years now. . Local beers are awesome and this place does it best. Although my absolute FAVORITE is the Pumpkin Porter seasonal, in off season I'm happy with any of their beer, but usually stick with some Peach Ale. It gets crazy crowded on game days (of all sports and all teams) but always worth the wait. They have the best spinach artichoke dip I've ever had. The servers are 100% hit or miss. Usually I have a great service, but occasionally I've had terrible service (bad servers but still great food/beer). Oh, and parking is kind of rough... but even then I cannot give this place less than 5 stars b/c of their consistent food and drinks. Oh! And Sunday Brunch... bloody marys and peak's mimosas. Seriously, do it.
Great food and beer.
Who doesn't like Four Peaks!? They have a beer for every taste and a full bar if beer is not your thing.  Hey ladies the Peach Ale is a nice non-scary "girly" beer.. . The food is always delicious. Great burgers! I really enjoy both of the beer breads. Spinach dip!. . The only negatives for a hungry customer are the parking and the wait, but once you get in who cares, right!?
Three reasons this place is outstanding:. . 1.  The beer is top notch.  A wide variety of styles made on site.. . 2.  The food is the best bar food I have ever had.. . 3.  The old creamery building is beautiful, only made better by all of the giant fermenters inside.. . --. . Recommendations:. . a.  Sit outside if the weather is nice.  Great patio!. . b.  Order the beer style you are in the mood for.  If you cant decide, get the sampler.. . c.  Appetizer-  Spinach artichoke dip (best in town). . d.  Entree- Chicken Beer Bread Sandwich. with fries and a side of jalapeno dressing. . e.  Dessert- Stout milkshake
Four Peaks is an awesome place to go with friends for dinner and of course great beer!  They have an awesome selection of ales ~ IPA's that are brewed on site. The atmosphere and decor and decor are cool. . . I recommend setting on their patio ~ weather permitting and getting some apps and try the sample orders.  Then pick a beer you like best ~ I like the hop knot but then there;s the kilt lifter, and then order some great grub!  They have really good sandwiches and other good eats.
Excellent food. Excellent beer. Excellent service.  Enough said.
GREAT local craft beer (hopheads, you'll love the Hop Knot IPA).  The food holds it's own.  Always stop here on our trips to AZ.  Owners are Vikings fans!
I love the beer here first, nice selection and seasonal. In my opinion always support your local businesses first. . . The fish and chips here is probably the best I had so far and for $10 you get huge portions. I will come back here every time I am back in town! . . Beware since it is so close to ASU campus this place gets packed at night. Bring your ID at night or you will not get in, but you are automatically 21+ if you park next to the bouncer and walk in front of him to the place!
Took this recommendation from the guy working the front desk at the hotel.  This place is huge and was filled with every walk of life - really good atmosphere for a fun dinner.. . We got the nachos with blackened chicken for an appetizer.  It's big, so bring an appetite or at least 3 people to much on them.  For dinner my girlfriend got the french dip which was great, the au just was really good and the sandwich was a bundle of savory deliciousness.  I got the fish and chips; they weren't out of this world but they got the job done, especially after a few beers.. . For drinks, get their Hop Knot and Kilt Lifter.  The Peach was also really good, but your lady might be more into it than you.
Best bar in Tempe.  There is no place around brewing better beer (try the peach ale!).  They have very tasty food as well!  I like to go with the fish n chips or maybe the southwest egg rolls.  Beware my fellow Chi-Town sports fans though, this place turns into a Vikings bar on sundays...
Great food. Great beer. Great atmosphere. I love this place for a cozy lunch or for a fun happy hour with friends.
5-star rating for the beer!. . Beer tasting platter--what a freakin' awesome idea. Forget food! Just order this smorgasbord of delicious yeasty-ness and drink your dinner. . . Some Phoenix-based friends took us to this brewery for dinner one evening and that is when we discovered... the Four Peaks beer tasting platter. This idea is not a foreign one for mini-breweries like Four Peaks, but the quality offered here is second to none. . . I wish I could remember the names of the ones we liked the best... but we finished the lot before our dinner arrived, leading for a semi-sloppy evening. All in all, just try it for yourselves--you won't be disappointed.
Love the food, beer and atmosphere! In an odd location but there is no reason to avoid this place! Can't wait to go again.... oh and wish i lived closer!
Beers were delicious...and the roast beef sandwich on their beer bread was ridiculous. Tasted like a philly cheese steak...with their beer bread. The pretzels were delicious as well...i definitely recommend stopping in.
this place has one of the best happy hours ever! and st pattys day at 7am see you then!
After my experience at Papago Brewery, I now spend my time at Four Peaks any time I am in the mood for a good beer. I like their Arizona Peach Ale and their Hefeweizen. I usually order their veggie pesto pizza or chicken enchiladas. I know your probably thinking what I was thinking, enchiladas at a brewery? They are delicious. I always take home the leftovers, which are just as good the next day. My husband is predictable, he always orders the salmon b.l.t. . . Con - I wish Four Peaks had a better happy hour. Maybe 1/2 price appetizers, which would bring me in more often. Regardless, I still keep going back.
Absolutely love this place and have since our days back at ASU.  Beer's good, food's good, atmosphere rocks, service is great ... they've got it all.
This place is the jam.. . You want a spot to come hang with your buddies? This is it. Great beers. Delicious food. A fun vibe. You have it all here.. . One thing that is consistent with most brewpubs, is that on the menu, there are beer suggestions for most of the foods. . . Now, for me, that's not a big deal because I am a craft beer guy, and I don't need help pairing beers and foods...but I can't say the same for others. And this is very helpful for people. PLUS, I'm not perfect. Maybe I can discover a pairing that will help me.. . I had the Chicken Nachos and they were DELICIOUS! They didn't skimp on the amount of chicken, and it wasn't overloaded with cheese. PERFECTION!. . It gets crowded on weekends, and parking can be a bit tricky. You may have to circle around the neighborhood and walk back. It sucks. But, it's worth the walk.. . Oh yeah, and apparently this is a huge Vikings bar. Don't give Brett Favre your cell phone #. No one needs to see those pics.
going to miss this place when i move. best overall restaurant/bar in AZ...with the most memories.
64 words: Spinach artichoke dip and chicken fingers (yes chicken fingers sounds like a 6-year-old's meal but theirs are super awesome) and lots of beer but not too much beer because it's heavy and you really don't want to puke foamy kiltlifter all over your flip flops, which I know you are wearing because it's about 283 degrees in Tempe between April and September!
This is such a fun place.  Whether you're hanging out with one friend at the bar or a group of friends at a table - you're going to have a good time.  . . Even if you take away the amazing beer - the food is great too.  They have your standard bar food like the 8th Street Ale Chicken Strips (my fav), fish & chips and burgers.  But then there are the Salmon BLT, the Carne Adovada and Chicken Enchiladas - AMAZING!. . The icing on the cake is that the staff is great as well.  Always nice and quick to give suggestions.
from their site: "if you don't like these, then you must not like beer.". . blunt, but warranted.  four peaks offers most common microbrews and throws in a few rotating seasonals.  if you don't like most of them, you're probably better off with a bud light; if you don't like any, you must not like beer.. . my favorites were their hop knot IPA and kilt lifter.  both were unrestrained, west coast style - the hop knot loaded with potent hops and the kilt lifter with malt.  just awesome stuff, especially underneath the unrelenting arizona sun.. . they don't slouch on the menu either, though i was too busy floating in the beer sampler to give the food much of a chance.  for any non-beer drinkers or for any beer drinkers with bottomless bellies, the oatmeal stout milkshake is a must-have.
4 Peaks, thank you for existing. You serve me delicious beer and food that would stand alone as 5 star class. Your salmon BTL makes me question my prior understanding of beautiful.  Your only flaw is a testament to your goodness, you can be a little too busy from time to time. . . You are a jewel of Tempe and I salute you. Cheers.
I don't give five stars out often, but when I do.. Anyways long story short, if you like really good craft beers and great food, this is the place!. I've been going to Four Peaks since the owner(s) used to sleep in a cot in the back room.. It can get crowded, probably the only downside, but the atmosphere, patio and overall vibe make it worth any wait you might have to endure.. Check it out, you will be happy you did!
Oh four peaks brewery how I love thee...Let me count the ways!. . 1. Always #1...your delicious foamy, cold beer. There hasn't been one I've tried that I haven't liked. From the kilt lifter to the hefe to the peach...I even . love the oatmeal stout - and I'm very picky about my stouts.. . 2. You have have the amazing food I want to eat after a good night out. Three words: Beer battered fries. And actually I'll throw in the nachos, too. Both are good actually with or without a good night out.. . 3. Great atmosphere...it can be intimate, it can be great for parties. Outdoor and indoor seating. Unique and cozy feel, yet open and large. Setting for any of my needs. . . 4. Amazing beer.. . This is probably why four peaks is my go to spot. It's also very affordable, great for the local college students. The pros here keep me from grumbling at the parking space around it and how packed it always seems to be. But, I always leave with a few more good memories, happy stomach and a 6 pack of kilt lifter.
This is one of my favorite places! I've been there tons of times, and always have a great experience. The beer is awesome, and the food is really good too! Best chicken fingers around. The hummus plate is a great variation on the regular bar food too. The service is always good, the crowd is friendly, and overall it has a nice laid back vibe. (Prices aren't bad either). PS You MUST try the brunch!
I love this place they have good food and a nice atmosphere. If you are in the area and want to have a good time stop by here.
My wife and I found Four Peaks by chance. We got lucky. The food was great, service was great, and all thr beers rocked. My wife's fav was the Heff and the Arizona Peach. We got a beer glass to remember the occasion and plan to swing by on the way out and grab a growler.
Great food, great service, great beer. What more could you ask for? This is by far my favorite place to eat/drink in Tempe. Their Italian beef beer bread is awesome. Surprisingly so is the chicken salad pita along with the pasta salad. As far as beer goes, hop knot is my favorite, but its all awesome. I would recommend getting thebeer sampler at first to see what you prefer.
No reason for a long review here, with nearly FIVE HUNDRED of them and a four and a half star average, you know it's fantastic. Wonderful, open atmosphere, several incredibly tasty brewskies, enthusiastic staff and surprisingly top notch bar food... five starskies.
Micro breweries are becoming a dime a dozen in the US. It seems like every city has their versions....This makes for a fun brew finding mission when I visit other cities. Several conversations with friends recommended Four Peaks as the place "[I] will love it!". Reading a dozen different Yelp reviews the expectation grew...When we made the turn on 8th St. I felt lost for a moment before the gleam of light showed a well marked restaurant/brewery. The building is a converted warehouse....and they did a fantastic job converting it into a brewery.. . If you have never been here before (and over 21) check out the beer sampler. 3oz sampler of each brew on their regular rotation! Myfavorites are the Hefeweizen and the Arizona Peach. "The Peach" as they call it is probably one of the more unique tastes in beers I have had the pleasure of tasting. The chicken nachos were awesome. Most of the time when I have chicken on nachos the meat ends up slightly dry. In this case the chicken remained moist and flavorful. The fries were battered in some kind of awesome...like the seasoning was baked into it or something. . . Four Peaks has a friendly and fast waitstaff. As confirmed, the ladies that make up the waitstaff are very attractive..maybe it startled me but it was refreshing to see such great personality (as we were cutting up a little and the waitress we had was fueling the fire with her playful comments...). . I was only here briefly for a light snack and a few drinks so I never got to fully experience this place. No question it was a great place that is very locally celebrated...something I personally appreciate. Service was great, food was great, beer was awesome....these are the reasons for 5 stars. . I will be coming back around here next time I am in town.
Home of Kiltlifter.   Four Peaks has it all -- great beer that's now recognized regionally, great food and a great atmosphere.   Pricing is not that bad either.  . . Large indoor area, large patio.  . . Worth visiting repeatedly.   . . Park around back.
Theres always something cool about drinking a locally brewed  beer when you see the big tanks that it was brewed in just sitting in the background! As a huge fan of all kinds of beer this place is heaven on earth, everytime i go there i always get a different beer everytime, i just want pick a favorite, their food is great, the people are always there to have a fun time.......overall whats not to like about this place? NOTHING!!
I can't say anything that hasn't been said already. Love this place. Personal favorites 8th street ale, and all of their IPA's. Chicken strips and nachos are some favorite menu items. Their dinner specials are always unique and are typically very good (even if they are occasionally overpriced for bar food). Best bar in town for hanging out with friends and downing a pint.
One our favorite neighborhood bars/breweries. My girlfriend used to live walking distance from here so we used to come at least once a week, and still pretty much do. I cant tell you what on the menu we haven't ordered but we have had pretty much everything, and its ALL good!!. . My tips for the best, or our faves:. **SALMON BLT** TO DIE FOR. **pretty awesome cheeseburger**. **Southwest Chicken rolls** for sure. *Pesto veggie pizza*. *Fish and Chips*. The fish and chips are phenomenal. We spoke to a random lady when we were traveling (she was from London) and we were talking about being from AZ. When she heard that, she mentioned Four Peaks and how they had the best fish and chips and they were just as good as in London. We totally agreed, but felt validated that our favorite dish had the British 'seal of approval'!. . I mean everything, down to the Caesar salad is great. As far as beer, well of course Kiltlifter, but the Hef as well as the Peach beer are so great here.. . *Free Beer on your birthday* Be sure to take advantage of that!. . Parking is around back and there is additional street parking, but this place is so busy that I just head around back to begin with. Want to waste no time getting there! . . There is a very large patio which is fun to people watch, they have misters often. Inside there are at least a dozen huge flatscreens and then there is also a pseudo-indoor outdoor patio, very cool. This place has such great atmosphere, I even think its a cool first date, as I have seen many couples here. My girlfriend and I come all the time, with each other, friends, and even for family dinners. Its a place for everyone! You must go check it out, if you havent been already!!
I loathe the people that dare mark this place off for its parking situation.  People gripe all the time that the Phoenix area has no cool older buildings nor history, so when you get one, you gripe that it wasn't built with a parking lot?  Pssssh.  Man up.. . That being said, I love Four Peaks.  It's a chunk of PHX that we can actually brag about to people from else.  What other brewery out there has this well-known of a beer (Kiltlifter, the de facto beer of the Phoenix area) and THIS good of food?. . Steak sandwich is ballin', a delicious and perfectly cooked filet with onion straws and blue cheese (seriously...I dont know how you can live without this once you taste it).  Chicken strips are ballin', they're so perfectly battered and tender, and the chipotle ranch is perfect.  The nachos are a heaping mound of chips and heaven.  They actually took their time to make not just Bar Food, but GOOD Bar Food.  This beats most restaurants, bar be damned.. . Man up and live a little.  WAH IT'S CROWDED.  WAH I CAN'T FIND PARKING.  Deal with it, life is hard.
I had to give it a full 5 stars as I've never had a less than delicious experience here.  I must've been here 3 times in the last 2 months and at least a dozen times before that. I've had nearly every beer they brew and almost every chicken option on the menu. If you like hefeweizen, I HIGHLY suggest you try theirs. It is fantasticly creamy and not too wheaty. It has sorta made me a hefeweizen snob and turned me off of Blue Moon.  ;-)  . The chicken roll-up sandwich on their beer bread is probably my favorite sandwich in the valley.  How can you argue with chicken, artichoke hearts and cucumber sauce? Then they add grilled onions, peppers and melty cheese to make it even more delectable!  . The boyfriend and I recently tried their pizza on a casual date-night dinner.  I suggested the veggie pesto (again with the artichokes) and he of course suggested the addition of chicken... It was great! I've now had that pizza 3 times and I'm considering expanding my horizons to be fair to the other pizzas. We also recently tried their buffalo chicken wings and no surprise, they were delish.. Oh, and I can't forget to mention how they have a fair amount of tv's for your sports viewing pleasure!  I'll be back... Time and time again!
Always. Whenever we're in Phoenix. The Stout milkshake.  Yes.  The best food we had in the whole 9 days we were in Phoenix.
I have a truly deep love of this place. Yes, the parking is a bit silly (with the parallel parking/sometimes lack of spaces/a bit of walking to get there), but it is totally worth the ridiculousness of said parking. The service is great, the food is wonderful, and the beer...is amazing. If you need recommendations, I'd recommend trying the 8th st chicken strips as well as (for beers) the hefeweizen and sunbru. So, come down to four peaks and deal with the parking there like a champ, you won't regret it. . . The only thing I'd keep in mind is that their happy hour is nonsensically busy, so if you're not too fond of parallel parking or walking, happy hour isn't the best time for you to go.
Stoutamisu. . . Espresso & Oatmeal Stout in a cake?!?! Genius!
This place makes me want to revisit Tempe! It's noisey, they have freshly brewed beer, great service, and the FOOD?!!! super good! They have these huge outdoor air coolers and something about the vibe in there is awesome...I was really impressed.
We love this place so much that we actually had them reserve the room upstairs of their North Scottsdale location to host our wedding shower in!!  Of course tons of southwest chicken rolls and hummus were served, along with the delicious beers they are so well-known for.. . Being vegetarian, I appreciate that they have a nice selection of veggie stuff to choose from (cheese enchiladas, artichoke dip, blackbean burgers, nachos) and the service at the North Scottsdale one is just great.  We like the Tempe one, but usually find it a bit warm and a bit too far from us.. . We always have super-fast service and perfectly prepared food, I just can't give this restaurant a better review!!
This place is really as good as it gets!  All their food is good and their beer makes it the best brewery in metro Phoenix.  Try their seasonal beer selections or their beer sampler if its your 1st time visiting.  . . My favorite part about this place is that you can get a 24 pack of bottled beers to go for only $24.  Now if only they allowed me to bring my dog...
400+ reviews. would this one  make any difference? great food, great service, excellent beer.
Still loving this place, nothing's changed there. I've become obsessed with their Hefewiezen, especially in the hot summer months. And still haven't touched a Kiltlifter in several years. And their menu has become one of my favorite bar menus in the entire Valley. Always delicious, quality eats that satisfy any hungry beer drinker.. In fact, I love their Hefewiezen and Carne Asada so much, that I served it at my wedding. Think I'm kidding? I am not. Well, actually, I couldn't get their Hefewiezen because they don't do small kegs, only college frat party size kegs and that would have been far too much beer. But we sure did serve that Carne Asada (they forgot the tortillas, dammit). and the guests raved about it all night. Nice work, Four Peaks!
This isn't a review, it's a love story.. . Four Peaks and I have had the most amazing relationship over the past four years. We were first introduced back in 2007. It was the summer before my senior year of college and I was barely 21. It was not love at first sight. Oh, no no. I was new to the world of beer and it wasn't my beverage of choice (though a Peach Ale on a hot night was always delicious).. . But this isn't a place you go to solely for the beer.  Good food was nothing new to me, and this is where Four Peaks really shines. My friends would get together and drink, and I would eat. And eat. And eat. Hummus, pizza, bruchetta (you have to get the shrimp and goat cheese!), burgers, fries. My heart flutters for their Salmon BLT.. . And then I got into beer. This is when Four Peaks and I began our unstoppable love. I'm truly lucky to live close enough to stop by regularly, but far enough away to not become a fat alcoholic. All of the beers are perfect in their own way, my choice always depends on my mood and what I'm eating. And don't miss the cask conditioned selections! Always interesting.. . The atmosphere completes the trifecta of awesomeness, with the indoor/outdoor feel and giant brewery equipment looming in the background. There is something for everyone at this perfect little local gem, and to this day I haven't found anyone who disagrees. I'm beginning to think Four Peaks isn't really a monogamous lover...
I love four peaks, the beer is great. The hop knot is the perfect blend of hops and citrus. It is refreshing great for any day in AZ. I am a bit of a french fry snob but their frys are good. Going to miss this places when we leave AZ!
Been coming to Four Peaks now for a few years and I have always had excellent service, Awesome food, and the beer is about some of the best microbrew in the state! definitely give the Hop Knot a try!
Best brewery in Arizona. Period. End of story. . . Great bar food, absolutely awesome beers. My favorites are the oatmeal stout (my winter time pick), SunBru (summer time), and Kiltlifter (year round), and hefeweizen (year round). On the food side, the chicken rolls are my favorite.. . Don't miss out on this gem. Beer is supposed to have flavor! Put the beer flavored water down and get to Four Peaks!!
This place puts me in a grease and hops-induced stupor. All I can honestly say is that I prefer the Oatmeal Stout with a Reuben sandwich, but anything on their menu is fantastic.. . Don't leave without trying the fries.
Never say never i know, but this place NEVER disappoints!! This place is the best place for great beer and great food. Always have been a fan and i'm finally writing a review, sorry! . . Just make sure you get there early and be prepared to wait for a table, its always packed on the weekends.. . *SIDE NOTE-Make sure you show the server the amount and methods of payment before you hand back. We placed a twenty and debit card in check folder, but she lost the twenty between our table and the register and she charged us all on the card. Luckily she believed us when we mentioned the cash and corrected the bill.
Awesome place. Great food that's affordable. They brew a great selection of beers, you're sure to find at least one to suit your tastes. Spinach and artichoke dip is by far my favorite appetizer!
Being new to Arizona, I learned quickly that Four Peaks was the go-to brew in Phoenix. I only had a couple of cask-aged Hop Knots and a Southwestern chicken egg roll appetizer-thing, but the combination of flavors and skill with which it was prepared were enough to tell me to come back soon and often.. . The crowd can be daunting on the weekends, and the street parking can incur a little bit of a walk, but it's just a testament to in such high regard Four Peaks is held in the area.
Love it!!! Having taken a recent mini vacay with the bf to Arizona, we decided we wanted to try out the local breweries. We stumbled upon Four Peaks from the suggestion of our kayaking tour guide. He def made an excellent suggestion. The place is huge and is super accommodating for all of its patrons. We tried the Raj IPA and the PEach beer. Both were amazing, especially the Peach beer. It totally hit the spot on such a blazing hot day. Later, we shared the beer sampler, beer battered fries, and clam chowder. I know we're crazy for having clam chowder when its like 110 degrees outside and there's not AC inside, but it was really good. The beer battered fries were great. The serving is huge too and is perfect for sharing. I would totally come back here if I'm ever in Arizona again.
You cannot beat the atmosphere nor the fine beer at this place. OK, the food is not exactly 5 star, but what would you expect at a brewery? There are food choices that shine (e.g., the Salmon BLT sandwich). And they have a good kids menu. And did I mention the beer? The only complaint I have: they have not had a cask-conditioned beer on a couple of visits. OK, I'm definitely down in the weeds looking for negatives. Go enjoy yourself.
I am a regular, best tasting beer and bar food in town. Period!. . If you don't like the atmosphere, excellent, stay the hell out more room for me and my posse!. . The 3 daily lunch & dinner specials range from interesting to outstanding. . Find the place and figure out the rest of the details on your own.. . That's all I got to say about that!
Still my favorite brewery/pub. They have some of my favorite beers in the world and some of the best food in the state. 8th street is an awesome standby, but Hop Knot is my favorite. They make some amazing seasonal beers. . . Be forewarned, it's locals only during the summer. There is no AC in the place, but only fans. It's actually my favorite time to go. Less college kids and more of the beer drinkers.. . Get on their newsletter! Always check the specials, THEY WILL BLOW YOUR MIND!
Kilt lifter, 8th street, Peach ale, really any beer they serve is amazing. Food is very good/great!
I LOVE Four Peaks!!  I went there with some friends a little hesitant only because it is known for it's beer but I am NO beer fan!!!  We went on a Friday around 8p, It was crowded but we had no problems finding seating at the bar.  I told the bartender I didn't like beer but I was willing to have one and surprise me.  And he did!!! It was delicious!  He served me Hefeweizen with a splash of their Raspberry beer, something he came up with for people that don't prefer beer. Not only was their beer great, their food was very appetizing as well!  I had the French Dip.....Amazing! Like a party in your mouth!
This just might be the best restaurant in Arizona. Seriously.
the breakfast burger and a bloody mary are the best sunday brunch you'll ever have!
Great selection of beers, something for everyone. My favorite is the Kilt Lifter. Beautiful patio area and inside you feel like you are part of the brewery. At times you can see them crafting the fine beers. Four Peaks also offers great food too.
A bit unfair to all the other microbrews in town, but obviously Peaks has been a staple in the Tempe area for decades for good reason. All the beer is brewed on site which means everything is fresh -- they actually use the same water they serve at the tables in the brewing process, to give you an idea how pure the finished product is. . . No matter if you're there to eat or knock a few back Peaks is a must. You can't go wrong with virtually anything on the menu but anyone happening upon Peaks for the first time should absolutely order an entree or side of the fries, an undisputed favorite. I usually go with anything involving blackened chicken, be it salad or nachos.. . The sampler trey is offered at a reasonable price and provides about 4 oz servings of each of the beers listed on the big board. If you're looking for something lighter I would suggest the Sunbru or Peach -- my personal favorite is doing a half & half of Oatmeal Stout with Peach. Get inventive.. . The staff is used to working with a lot of traffic so I've never had bad service there -- these guys really know their stuff!
Some of the best beers that I have tasted & food that you would NOT expect from a brewery. It is more of a gastro-brewery.
I can write a novel here and still not do justice to the quality of that this place produces. Seriously, Four Peaks needs to be on the Food Network because it truly is a testament to American Brewing and culinary arts. Anything you get here will be fantastic, and as long as you enjoy fun and outgoing people, the atmosphere is inviting. This is my favorite place to show people who visit me in Tempe. it's our Pride and Joy over here in the ASU area. Check it out.
Without a doubt my favorite brewery in America (and I've been to quite a few).  I started going here in the late 90s when it opened, and go whenever I'm back in town.  The beer is fantastic as is the food.  I highly recommend the beer bread!  The Tempe location is far superior to the North Scottsdale locale IMO mostly because of the ambiance and the fact that the Tempe locale is actually the brewery.  Every Fall they make a special Pumpkin Porter which is typically very good, although there have been a few years where it feels like they phoned it in.  The only negatives for me is the parking and at times there can be quite a wait.
AMAZING food and I'm a vegetarian!  Their pizza, appetizers, and sandwiches are great.  Good brews too!. . My only complaint is that it is REALLY loud and pretty pricey.  . . I tried to go there for a late lunch (around 2 or 3pm) with a friend one day and they wouldn't let her in since she wasn't 21.  I thought that turning away business at that time of day was kind of strange.
We come here a LOT. The wait is never too long (though if it was it'd still be worth it). The food is great. The service is fast. And the beer is GOOD.. . I love the Peach Ale. Kilt Lifter is obviously a staple. . . Being a vegetarian often relegates youto the fried, unhealthy food, but not here! SOOO many vegetarian options! These are my favorites so far: Nacho plate (HUGE portion, and mighty tasty), the Mediterranean pizza sub sundried tomatoes for the chicken, AND drum roll please...beer fries (we get these EVERY time, and yes ok they are fried...)!!! . . The salads are good, the vegetarian burger was ok (a little soggy). I have yet to try the desserts but oh do they tempt me! I see you tiramisu with oatmeal stout!
Absolutely the best brewery in Arizona. The beer selection is superb. 8th street ale is amazing-- along with the blonde beer. . . Burgers, chicken tenders, and beer bread sandwiches are top notch. . . The atmosphere is always lively here-- during the cooler months, the patio is perfect!
Popper Burger gets five stars!!!! . Jalapenos and sour cream on a burger, no need to say more!!
I have seen this place grow over the years.  Great place.  People who work here are not only knowledgeable, but actually care about the product.. . This is an old milk distro center.  Misters if you sit outside.  Bonus.
Awesome beer plus good food which is a rare combo. Very cool atmosphere to eat with a variety of venues. Gets crowded fast so get there early. Great for group dinners
Four Peaks is ALWAYS amazing. Not only is the beer the best brew here or anywhere (maybe a close competition with Stone in San Diego), but the food is always out of this world. We always have trouble picking from the menu because we are never disappointed with anything. The Arizona Rolls are the bomb, and their calamari is the best I've ever had. We had a special the other day, a queso panela BLTA and it was the best sandwich I ever had, with a side of chicken coconut curry soup. For beers, the HopKnot and the Raj IPA are favorites, and they have the only Hefe I'll drink. The service has ALWAYS been top notch. I was asked the other day if there was one restaurant I could eat at for the rest of my life and it was Four Peaks!
great food! great beer!!!
Hands down the place to grab a beer and a bite in Tempe. This is first and foremost a brewery and then a restaurant  - but that doesn't mean the food is bad.  For the beer I love Kiltlifter, 8th Street, RAJ IPA and the Hefewiezen. But if you're not sure just order the sampler - you're bound to find something you like. My favorite items off the menu are the Arizona Rolls and the Southwest Burger but everything else is good too, they have daily specials that can't be beat for the price. . . The place is split up into four main areas: there's the patio, the bar area, the side room and the dining room behind the bar by the tanks. Unless you go during the day or early in the week and depending on the time of year there's a 50/50 chance you'll have a short wait for a table but there's always the bar. The bar itself is u-shaped and runs almost the entire width of the place so there's always room. Or you can take your brew onto the porch and check out the scenery. An American brewpub isn't always kid-friendly but this place is, if you do decide to take your family and are concerned about the atmosphere just ask to be seated on the patio which tends to have a more laid-back vibe than the inside.  . . The crowd is a mix of all kinds of people; in the 13 years that I've been going there I've seen young, old, college kids, professionals, blue collar workers, families and sports fanatics. . . One of the first things you will notice is that the workers hustle! Service has always been very good. Servers are attentive, they don't have attitude and unlike at other places they like their jobs and you can see it in how they work with you. The manager is always behind the bar working alongside everyone if you feel the need to speak up.. . There is a small parking lot behind the brewery and it usually fills up fast. There is parallel parking in the alley behind the brewery which is accessible via a gravel driveway just north of 8th St and Dorsey Ln. There is also plenty of on-street parking on 8th Street. Just don't park at the nearby businesses or apartment complexes - they are all too tow happy. I have lived in Tempe for 13 years and 5 of them were in this neighborhood (on Dorsey just around the corner) and it is a safe neighborhood so don't be afraid of little walking if you can't find a spot in their lot. The area is well lit at night and due to the location there are always lots of people out and about at all hours of the day or night.. . See if you can crack their WiFi password and have a good time!
This, by far, is one of my favorite places in the Valley. The beer is amazing, the food is fantastic and the service is stellar. Hell, I'd move in if they'd let me!
Having just moved to Scottsdale, I had seen Four Peaks brews at local restaurants and couldn't wait to try it. My bf and I visited the brewery after a long day at the Phoenix Zoo. The location was easy to find with plenty of street parking (although it could be difficult during peak hours). We found a nice table on the half-indoor seating area. The ambiance was very cool, with a converted loft warehouse sort of feel.. . The bf had the beer sampler, which I helped myself to some sips of. I ordered a pint of the Kilt Lifter, which was a great deal during happy hour. Next, I tried the Pumpkin Porter (full price, even during happy hour). Foodwise, I had the pub fish and chips, which are battered in Kilt Lifter, and the bf had the french dip. Both items were on par with good quality pub fare.. . Kilt Lifter: great medium brew, very smooth. The type of beer you could drink every day and never tire of. Pumpkin Porter: we loved it so much, we purchased a growler so we could take some home! Note: there is an extra charge for filling up a growler with a seasonal brew. $4 for the growler itself, $10 for beer, and $5 seasonal charge. Normal refills of growlers are $10.. . I am a beer lover. I have spent time living in Munich and drinking some of the best beers in the world. You can't go wrong with Four Peaks brews. Next stop, North Scottsdale location. Closer to home and hopefully just as great!
I've been racking my brain to think of anything negative to say about Four Peaks Brewery.  My girlfriend and I hit this place up on our way out of town.  They have a bunch of their own beers and I honestly wish I had more time to try them all.  We had the peach ale which was absolutely fantastic.  We also had chicken fingers that were chicken thigh strips that they battered in their own been.  The fries were crazy good too.  We had the artichoke dip to start off and it was a meal in itself.  The service was great, pretty much all AZ State girls, so yeah.. . I highly recommend Four Peaks and look forward to going back to this place next time I am around Tempe.
Come forthe beer. Stay for the food!
Had to update because we've now tried the pizza! For all the times we have visited we've never tried a pizza (too many other really good options to choose I guess...). . We ordered the Italian Classic (veggies & meat). We ordered it a little well done/crispy and were not disappointed! It was hot, fresh and cooked perfectly! . . Service was great as usual even though they were completely SLAMMED with customers the day before Thanksgiving filing numerous growlers of their pumpkin beer which sold out in less than record time!. . We were there again last weekend for the football games and made it in time to order our favorite breakfast items - eggs benedict and the braised pork dish with beans, potatoes, two eggs and fresh warm tortillas.  It was fantastic! This dish, just like many others (possibly ALL others) is plenty for 2 to share. . . Service was exceptional and the crowd fun and rowdy rooting for their teams and AZ won - so there were a lot of happy customers that day!
This is my favorite restaurant in Tempe and here is why. The atmosphere is fluid. Depending on when you go it has a totally different feel. During the day, it is the perfect place for a business lunch. After the lunch rush, it is great for an early family dinner. When the sun goes down, it is a date place. When happy hour kicks in, it is a top tier bar. How do i know this? Because thanks to Four Peaks yours truly has impressed business clients, family, dates and I don't quite remember bar. Four Peaks is a melting pot of all different people who share the love of good beer, good food and good company.
The Good:. 1. Best bar food by far with excellent choices and large portions.. 2. Great atmosphere with friendly, helpful and knowledgeable employees.. 3. Beer is brewed onsite.. 4. Beer is excellent and mixed drinks are stiff.. 5. Prices are very reasonable.. . The Bad:. 1. It gets VERY crowded here. (Can't blame em'). 2. It can be difficult at times to find parking.. 3. Only house brews served here. No Bud, Coors, etc.
Awesome Bar food..best I've ever had..u must try the Popper Burger..it has cream cheese and crispy breaded onions..ask for the jalapeno sauce..its bomb.  They have great beer..favorites are their hefe, kiltlifter & ipa
Had guests from out of state so we visited Four Peaks for lunch on Saturday. None of us were disappointed. I could become a regular here!
Amazing beer selection!
I know lots of people go to Four Peaks for their brews, and. they are great. But every meal I've had there has been super. tasty too.. . I often have the daily specials, cause they usually sound so. good.. . The Sweet Jalapeno dressing on the spinach salad is fantastic!. . Sitting on the patio is awesome and even sitting just inside the . huge garage door is great because it's so open and bright you . feel like you're outside.. . If you can get there in October, the Pumpkin Porter is a really. good seasonal brew.. . So yeah, they can get busy, sometimes you gotta wait and the parking . can be a pain.  That's what happens when you've got a cool place. with tasty brews and good food...
This is simply the greatest micro brew beer and food you will find in Phoenix.  Period.
This place is awesome!! I go here often with friends and always have a good time. The food is pretty good but the beer is why you go. My favorites are the oatmeal stout, peach ale and kiltlifter. The pumpkin porter is also good but only a seasonal flavor. This place is pretty busy at night but is a fun atmosphere to be with friends, drink and watch a ballgame. I would recommend the Tempe location far beyond the Scottsdale one as far as atmosphere and actually seeing the brewery itself.. . Never been disappointed here and will continue coming back!!
I LOVE this place. Never a bad experience!. The food is great, I haven't had everything, as I do not like spicy foods.  Everything from the fish&chips to the spinich salad to the french dip always great and very consistent. The water is the best in town, which is rare.. The patio is always full, you will have to wait for a table out there, but it's worth it.  . This is a first rate place!
I love Four peaks! The Raj IPA is definitely the best beer however, the first time you go you have to get the sampler. It gets very crowded at night especially on weekends or for sports games. It's definitely a fun place to go with friends for something a little more upscale than a neighborhood dive. I love the ambiance and how they have the huge beer - making things in the place. The food is delicious as well. I've had the chicken fingers and I had one of the burgers (with mush/onions I think). They were both amazing. I like to sit at the bar if possible.
YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM! . . The beer is handcrafted right in the back of the restaurant. Out of this world! You can almost taste the hard work the brew masters put into their beer. It's as if they personally hand picked each hop precisely to go into their beers. This is the Ferrari of beers at a Honda price.  About 8 or so different beers year round with one seasonal rotation.. . Enough about the beers, onto the food. Most brewery's have either good beer or good food. This place has both. Or should I say amazing beer and amazing food. I ended up ordering the nachos for a starter. Hands down one of the best plates of nachos i have ever head, and I consider myself a bit of a nacho connoisseur. The nachos are smothered in chicken and cheese. Then they bring you another plate with a dish of tantalizing jalapeno black beans and all the other nacho toppings you can imagine. Also ended up getting the BBQ pizza, enchiladas, and a slow roasted/smoked pork dish. . . Bring your friends here, a first date, your parents, your boss, your siblings, or just about anyone else you would like to impress.. . Keep Eating, Cheers!
The two beers I had here last night were both great, particularly the vanilla porter, which I finished in about three minutes.  I also had fish and chips, and that too was excellent.  The fish was lightly breaded and perfectly crispy and delicious.  The bartender that served me was as nice as she was attractive.  . . Happy hour starts at 11, not 10 (as some places say).  The normal prices are good for beer (4.25) and the happy hour prices (3.25) are amazing. . . There was a very good crowd at 11 on a Thursday night and the large porch was particularly full.
I am not going to make this long as everyone else who has previously reviewed hits the nail on the head. This is a wonderful place to just relax with your friends. The staff is always friendly and accomadating and the food and alcohol selection is incredible. If you have not tried it yet then you are missing out. BTW though the nacho's are a GREAT deal and can be shared with 2-4 people!
How have I not given Four Peaks a review yet?? I've lived in Tempe for 1.5 years and have been going to Four Peaks on a semi-regular basis pretty much that whole time.. . The food here is amazing. Filling and messy, the perfect kind of bar food. I've tried probably half the menu by now and I have enjoyed it all, but I have a weak spot for the popper burger. A juicy burger topped with cream cheese, jalapenos, and onion straws - it's to die for. . . The irony for me is I actually don't like beer. But my boyfriend is a beer lover, so we come here a lot, and I really don't mind. I just get a soda and enjoy the food while he indulges in beer. I have tried some of the beer though, and the peach ale is the closest I've come to actually enjoying a beer.. . The service is great. Every waiter or waitress I've ever had here has been super friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. I always eat outside whenever possible, as the inside can get a bit crowded and noisy (especially when there is some sort of popular sporting event on the tvs), but the tables outside are always great, no matter the time of the year. In the winter, they have heaters, and in the summer they have misters and an outdoor cooler. It's comfortable, and easy to talk to whomever you're with. . . I don't think I've ever had a bad thing to say about Four Peaks to anyone. When my father came for a visit from out of town, I made sure to bring him there. I recommend this place to everyone!
Love it
We had burgers and fries, also Salmon BLT, everything was great, definitely returning.
Love this place all the food is good and so is the beer. They are friendly if its your birthday they give a free beer no complaints here. It is a little pricey and parking is really hard to find but overall worth it.
Awesome place!  The Kilt Lifter was so clean/crisp- best I've had in AZ!  Great atmosphere and good service...usually pretty busy but definitely worth it!
Alright so I don't give a lot of 5 stars for restaurants or breweries because theres a lot to consider when it comes to my reviews. Were looking at the basics: Customer service, Food, Quality of beer and variety (especially when it comes to a brewery), and ambiance (aka mood or vibe of the restaurant). 4 Peaks just takes the cake! And that's not only because I'm an ASU alum and 4 Peaks has been a staple in my life the past 6 years. But their service, no matter how busy it gets is on point with a smile, Food is amazing paired with their beer, quality of beer is the best in the southwest, and the vibe is always laid back-good times. . . Happy Hour is a must: Weekly 2-6pm & 11pm-close. . Nick's Must Trys: . Food:. -8th Street Ale Chicken Strips. -Pub Fish n Chips. -Arizona Chicken Rolls. -7 Barrel Fries (Beer Battered!). -Brick house Wings with the Stout BBQ sauce are like black tar heroin . . Desert: (All are delicious & Genius) . -Oatmeal Stout Shake. -Stoutamisu. -Ice Cream Cake. .  Beer: . -Kiltlifer (My favorite beer on the market). -Pumpkin Porter (A seasonal also my ^). -Hefenwiezen. -IPA. -Hopknot. -Oatmeal Stout
Been coming here for years upon years. First off, Raj makes my life complete. Amazing full bodied IPA that isn't too dry. Second, the food is off the charts here..be it wings, burgers, steaks..just get it and put it in your mouth!! Service is a little shady from time to time, but the food runners, and bartenders more than make up for it..find the hidden bathroom?
My review is for the Scottsdale location.  I really hate to give this place such a good review because if everyone knows about it, I won't be able to get a table.. . I can't say enough good things, make that GREAT things, about this place.  Service was excellent (as Always).  The Fish and Chips was beyond a doubt, the best I have EVER had.  I said that last time I was here, but I really mean it.  Can you believe, not only was it a good size portion, it was only $10.00.  We had the Almond Amaretto & Cinnamon Ice Cream Cake for desert.  If people were not around, I would have licked my plate.  fantastic!
By far one of my top 5 places to eat in the Phoenix metro area. The burgers are very good. But the best is the beer bread sandwiches. Paired with the beer battered fries. Man-o-man.
Over the top service. One of my favorite meals of the year..shrimp and goat cheese bruchetta, kiltlifter fillet..blaow!
Wow, 4 peaks is amazing!  My dad (who makes his own beer in Oregon and regularly attends  beer festivals to grade the brews) stopped here and told me I must go. I am from Portland and this place makes me feel at home. And the beer is awesome! There were 4 of us who ordered beer and I tried everyones and loved it. I had the hef,  the boyfriend had kilt lifter, and his 2 friends had the oatmeal stout. We ordered the ice cream pie and stoutmiso to share and they were amazing. My only complaint about this place is that it is abnormally too loud. They could turn down the music a few notches.
This is one of my favorite spots to eat. Whenever I come I get in almost immediately. The servers are all really nice and the food is amazing. I usually get a cheeseburger when I come here and it is amazing. This place has a great atmosphere for families (with or without kids). You can always watch the big game here or just come for a drink. Always fun and always a great experience.
Beer is awesome (first timers must do the beer flight sampler) and I have never had a meal that wasn't excellent!   A quick note, there isn't a/c in the building so keep that in mind during the summer months - although that doesn't stop anyone from going, the place is always jumping!
You want to go to Four Peaks. Trust me.
After reading the past reviews, most of it has been said.  The service was great, the beer is great, and the food is fantastic...  Our visit was late afternoon on a Saturday, and it was crowded and very noisy.  Guess that is to be expected with a college age crowd.  We are elderly, probably don't hear as well as we should, but conversation was difficult, even seated in the back by the beer tanks.
Went to ASU for a racquetball tournament and bothered my boyfriend to take me here since I am a big fan of breweries.  Lets just say this place is VERY good.  The moment we found a seat at the bar, the bartender came up and took our drink orders.  I mainly just wanted to come here for the beer and by beer I really just wanted to try the Peach Ale. The Peach ale was so good!  It had a nice taste but wasn't overly fruity which i liked.  . Next wee decided to order some food.  I ordered the chicken strips and my boyfriend ordered the fish and chips.  I wasn't thinking anything of these items when we ordered them, just figured they would be standard bar food and would taste good with alcohol.  I was completely wrong.  The food here was amazing.  I never thought i would rave about chicken strips but they were damn good.  The fish and chips my boyfriend got were equally as good.. Overall this place is great.  It was very busy when we went but well worth it.  If i am ever in the Tempe area again I will definitely be heading here!
Excellent beer selection and not one , but two great IPA's!! This was my first, but not last time!
Just returned from a great first time at Four Peaks. After much debate on what to drink, I enjoyed a nice, cold pint of the 8th street ale, along with the Southwest burger. Both ended up being excellent choices. The beer was tasty, and the burger was one of the best I'd had in a long time (fries weren't too shabby as well). Service was pretty quick for how crowded it was. Nice establishment.
Best bar food in all of AZ! The Nacho & Hummus platters are so good & the burgers are big and juicy. In fact all the food is delicious, can't go wrong. The beers are as everyone knows are fantastic. My fav being the 8th street but their hef is really great on a hot day. The Patio is real nice with the sprinkler system and if there is a game on you can get the outside feel and still watch their big flat screen without dealing with glare. . . Late night, 4peaks turns into a bar for the hipster ASU crowd but is still a good time. Enjoy
I am a huge fan of breweries that can match great beer to great food. There isn't one thing on the menu that they don't do well. And if for some reason you don't like what you got or think it came out wrong, they are quick to fix it and make you feel right for bringing it up. Great service, always. I go a lot so that is saying something. . . Favorite thing on the menu: Fries, Blue Cheese Burger, and Nachos. . . Kiltlifter is great. I get all warm and fuzzy just thinking about it.
great food and beer, service , probley the some of the best fish and chips iv had any where. 5 nice pieces of fish and a pile of chips 10 bucks
This place is everything I like when we want a good beer and great food.  Hook me up with the fish n chips and a cold 8th Street and I'm a happy man.  I've tried nearly everything on the menu and it's all very good.  The 1st time I had the veggie pesto pizza I didn't think I'd like it and my bud told me he'd pay but I had to try it.  I wound up taking it home.  I've seen other reviews that the food is ho hum.  Loosen up and stay away.  Hard to get a table anyway.
This place is fantastic! Great food, and I love Kiltlifter. It is one of the only beers I will order when I go out, to four peaks or otherwise. Burger was great, bacon on it was cooked splendedly
Been here a couple of times while visiting from New York and haven't been disappointed yet. Nice selection of brews on tap along with an anything but typical menu plus I've always been able to catch my game of choice.  Exactly what I was looking for.. Thanks Yelpers!
This is hands down the best brewery and food establishment I've been to in my 9 months in AZ...nothing can touch it!!
I admit I only come here for the beer, but what great beer they have! My cousin loved the Peach Ale. ( What girl wouldn't?) and even I had to give it a double thumbs up. The Oatmeal Stout and Pumpkin Porter are my favs (when you can get them). And the Hopknot IPA is killer too. Happy Hour is the time to go when pints are a smidgeon over $3.00.
Unfortunately, I am not of legal age to drink, so I got a pretty legit Sharpie "X" on my hand before entering.. . The group I came with was sat in the back towards those huge fermenting canisters. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant/bar and the servers are super attentive...even when the place is packed!!. . Every time I've been here, their food tastes amazing, and their soda is super fresh! Highly recommend their chicken strips dipped in beer batter.....mmm my mouth is watering just thinking about them. You'll absolutely love their fries too!
I think this was the first place in AZ where I felt at home.  being from Oregon, great micro-breweries are a dime a dozen and my dad is an avid brewer.  Long story short, I was skeptical.  Me and My hubby LOVED it!  We felt right at home and tried every beer.  They have an AWESOME IPA and I really enjoyed the kilt-lifter.  To top it off the food was great too.  DO IT!
My favorite place to eat in Tempe!   I love love love LOVE Four Peaks.  The food is delicious.  The beer is even better.  Every single thing I have ordered to eat from this place has been delectable.  This is the kind of place I will even gladly order soup and salad at, and I'm not even a soup and salad kind of person.  They have about 10 different types of dressings for salads, and yummy soups that change daily.  Overall, a wonderful place and a must-visit if you are in the area.. . Favorite Beers: Arizona Peach Ale, Hefeweizen, Sunbru. Favorite menu items: Arizona Chicken Rolls, Jalapeno Popper Burger, Turkey Club, Chicken Salad Pita, Salmon BLT (and I don't even like fish normally!)
Great atmosphere.  Food is always good.  Great microbrew beer.  It doesn't get any better than that.  The only problem I've had is the parking in the area sucks and it tends to be super busy, which means long wait times to get a seat.
Usually only come here for special occasions because it can be pricey, but oh so good!  I love the Raj IPA, the salmon blt and the nachos.  Can be crazy busy on Friday and Saturday nights.  Parking is awful.
Ok so I might be a bit biased when I say this is the best brewery in AZ.  Probably because my best friend works there BUT aside from that this really is the best brewery out that way!  :). . Even for someone that isn't much of a beer drinker they have beers for everyone!  They have the Kilt Lifter, similar to guiness that my husband loves all the way t the Peach Ale which is light and sweet and right up my ally.  They provide samplers to see which one fits your taste.. . Aside from the beer the food is AMAZING.  I love the brunch they have every weekend.  Enchilada and eggs are my fav so far.  The chicken rolls are fantastic especially dipped in the sweet jalapeno sauce.  The sandwiches are fresh and HUGE!!  The service you get here is one of a kind and the place is so big you ALWAYS have a seat.. . I highly recommend stopping by for a brew and chicken rolls to watch a game.  And make sure to give Michelle a BIG tip!  :)
4.5 Average rating from lots of reviews tells it all.  This place is as good as it gets.. . However if you are Mr. Coors light or Bud Light Drinker BEWARE none of that swill is sold at the bar at Four Peaks, just their delicious brews they make.  . . This place is ALWAYS and I mean ALWAYS packed, the worst part about it is finding parking, then sometimes depending on the number of IPA's you have finding your car when you leave (just kidding).. . The food is very good.  I am a huge fan of the Salmon BLT but also love their burgers and have not had a bad appetizer either.  Service here is always attentive and friendly and it seems they are all well trained and know the menu, which is a plus when asking questions.. . As far as the beer goes, there is a reason 4 Peaks won a gold medal in this years World Beer Competition, its just that good.  I love their seasonal selections, right now its Peach, and the lines will also agree that the Pumpkin Porter is top notch.  Kiltlifter is probably my ultimate favorite while my wife will sip on their IPA all night with a big smile.. . If you are looking for a quiet place, again this place is not for you.  Its loud, busy and tables are close to each other, but the mix of people in that place is what is fun.  It is probably the closest kind of place you would find in NYC around Columbia or NYU with its mix of people in it.  You will find your normal college kid, your professor type (you know the drunk old guy at the bar) families and old and young professionals.  All getting along!. . This is just a very good place, we always enjoy it!
Absolutely great, fresh beer and ales made on the spot.. . Fun atmosphere, limited menu, but good quality food and excellent service.. . Parking is a challenge, especially at lunch & dinner but worth the effort for the awesome brews!
Four Peaks is amazing! The happy hour practically lasts all afternoon/evening and the prices off happy hour are very reasonable. A great Arizona brewery, they serve all their own in-house brewed beers and I've never been disappointed. From the oatmeal stout, to the IPAs, the peach ale and the staple Kiltlifter, everything here tastes great! My favorite (like everyone else I'm sure) is the Pumpkin Porter around the Halloween season. Be sure to stock up on a take-home growler of that. The growler prices are decent, $10 for about 5 decent glasses of beer to take home and put in your fridge. We keep coming back for refills!. . The service can be hit or miss, depending on how busy it is. I've had some terrible service in the past, but a few times servers have made up for it by comping free dessert (which, once we tried the Oatmeal Stout Milkshake -- go ahead and try it!!). Overall, I appreciate the effort made by the servers, but don't expect anything about and beyond during big games or weekends in the evening.. . Most food I've tried on the menu is also excellent. I highly recommend the pizzas, or the veggie/turkey wraps. They're very good about substitutions as well. And make sure to try the beer-battered fries!. . The place gets pretty packed during the ASU school year, so I'd suggest coming earlier for the happy hour, when everything's cheaper anyhow. Great place for parties or groups. Highly recommended, this is one of my favorite happy hours in Arizona.
So glad we stumbled upon this place while we were visiting from California. Four Peaks was very good! The beer was extremely tasty & I don't usually care for beer. The food was also really tasty. I had the portobello veggie sandwich on beer bread and the stout-tiramasu. Both were delicious! I will definitely go back when I return to Tempe, AZ. The waitress was also very attentive & the atmosphere was fun!. . The only bad thing @ Four Peaks is the parking! There isn't a lot, only street parking. . . The prices were very reasonable & it seemed like a really fun hangout for the locals & ASU students.
How have I NOT reviewed Four Peaks yet?!. . Awesome. Even when its wall to wall packed. Even after waiting in a 2 hour line for the special St. Paddy's day breakfast and festivities. The beers are great. the food is oh so good. you really cant go wrong w/ anything that includes their beer bread. And their breakfast! If you can brave the crowd that comes out for it, seriously do it. One of the best breakfasts in town. Ive had almost every item on their brunch menu, and I cant think of one that disappointed.. . GO.
Great place, fun atmosphere, not expensive. Great beer and tasty food :)
I have never had a bad experience here, and every single thing on their menu that I have had has been great. Salmon BLT, Spinach salad, Popper burger, Reuben, wings, nachos, artichoke dip, literally everything is so good. And lest I forget the beer. The beer is so damn good. I have tried all the beers, and I love them all. I live down the street and if I ever move from the area, not being able to walk there would make me sad.
Just go! This place has the best local brews and a great menu. It's a fun place to go and hang out and in a short 15 years, it's become an AZ staple.
Great beer, great food, great ambiance, great staff!  I've been coming to 4 Peaks for years and love the place.  I'm there with my buddies every basically every Sunday for football season and still like to come here during the week on occasion.  The best Microbrewery in AZ without a doubt but the food is also far above your average bar food.
Great beer. Great service. Great food. What more is there to say? Highly recommended.
Thanks fellow yelpers for brining us to Four Peaks!  My husband and I were stuck in Phoenix for the night and needed a place for dinner.  Ironically we ended up at Four Peaks (a Vikings bar) on our way back home to Minnesota.  . . My husband loves beer (brews a ton of his own) and especially enjoyed the beer sampler. Trying 10 beers for around $9, yes please!  I don't really love beer so I had a cider and it was exactly what I needed.  For dinner I had the turkey burger with fries.  The turkey burger was standard but the fries were awesome.  I think it was the beer batter.  My husband go the carne adovada and he raved.  I think he may try to convince me to fly back to Phoenix just for that dish!. . The atmosphere was also great.  It was very laid back and fun to be able to sit amongst the beer being made.  . . I highly recommend Four Peaks whether you are a Phoenix native or otherwise!
Four Peaks is AMAZING!!! The atmosphere, food, and beer is ALL GREAT! They have indoor/outdoor seating and I lovecoming here with my friends! Their Arizona Chicken rolls are to die for or their popper burger! You can't go wrong with anything on their menu!
I'm glad we made the detour to Tempe to make a stop at the Four Peaks Brewing Company. I think I have thought about the Peach Ale every day since. . . We made our way over to Four Peaks and honestly I thought we were lost before I noticed the discreet little sign. When we went in, I was amazed at how huge it was. About half restaurant and half huge brewery. We decided on a table outside, there were those water misters and that sounded great to me. . . We decided on two samplers and at $9.00 each, it was a great deal and we got to try everything on the menu. Although Sunbru and the Raj IPA were the notable favorites around Phoenix, I fell in love with the Peach Ale. Too bad they don't bottle it yet. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JzOp695tclcNCNMuBl7oxA#4PgWnlLfgNs8P8uh-Wx6hQ. . We were not quite starving so we settled on an appetizer and picked the Shrimp and Goat Cheese Bruschetta. The Shrimp were large, served with fresh foccacia and garlicky tasting brushetta mix. It was amazingly good, but the goat cheese was so light and creamy it offset the spice of the bruschetta. It was almost enough for a meal. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JzOp695tclcNCNMuBl7oxA#95xPXeFmqYyPjnLpWdf8UQ and  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JzOp695tclcNCNMuBl7oxA#SWt2-wnXn9qh2tzQeD_tNQ. . I think this place is a must stop. The Four Peaks Brewery is a great local place that has great beer and that appetizer was amazing. I can't wait to see the Peach Ale bottled, because it's absolutely delicious and refreshing.
Don't even hesitate about going here. Stop reading reviews and go! Great beers, REALLY good food. Try their wings if you like them - I always loved the Spicy Thai. I moved away from AZ unfortunately, but this is one of those places that I miss and will have to stop in every single time I come back. Go and have one of their beers for me :) Hop Knot or the Hefeweizen were my favorites.
I have nothing bad or smartassy to say. This place is that good.
Pretty much everything about 4-Peaks is great. Food is great. Beer (esp Pumpkin Porter) is great. Brunch is great. Great place to gather your friends. This has been a solid staple of my life in the time I've lived in Tempe.
So, this is one in the series of reviews I'm throwing up there during my #transientweek adventure during the first week of July thru Southern Nevada and Arizona.. . I normally censor myself to the general public when writing things on-line, but I may say this about Four Peaks - fuck yes. I love this place. Their nachos are humongous and the Kiltlifter always draws me back. In fact, whenever I go to Arizona, it slips into my mind that I need to drink a crawler's worth of it minutes when entering the city limits. Great atmosphere and near Tempe, so all the beautiful people are out. A definite must go to while in the area.
One of the oldest buildings in Tempe, a real treat to be inside, except during the horrible Arizona summers. The building is swamp-cooled so it is huuuuumid during many days of the summer. It is usually PACKED around dinner time (5-7) most days, and especially on Thursdays. . . The "DJ" plays pretty good music, I put him in quotes because the few times I've seen the music system it's a Macbook hooked up to someone's itunes collection. No problem with that, though--me and the guy have pretty similar tastes in music. The waitresses here are great nine times out of ten, and they are always good-looking (do they even let males serve here?). . . The barrel fries are great, even if they are still $5.50 for a considerable deduction in the amount of fries you get recently. They usually have a "special" or "chef's choice" menu where you can get something that isn't a usual menu item. Good for dates. . . The hefeweizen contains banana clove, which is amazing. The peach ale is a favorite among many women I know, and Kiltlifter is always great if you're looking to take a nap soon (heavy!). . . My only gripe is that the happy hour starts at 11. Sheesh.
The beer is great and the food is tasty as well.  Try the popper burger...I order it with a turkey burger and it is amazing.  It always seems to be busy, which is a good thing.  If you haven't visited, check it out!
I think the fanfare for Four Peaks is obvious...and for good reason. Brewery right? So, this means "bar food"? WRONG. The food is to die for. I get the Salmon BLT religiously, the BBQ Chicken Pizza is awesome, the Nachos are HUGE (add the blackened chicken and thank me later), and the specials are usually damn good also. . . I've probably been here 40 times (conservative number) and while the service can be lackluster, I cannot give them less than 5*. When I say the service is "iffy" it really depends on the server. Some are amazing. One guy I've had multiple times frankly does not give a $hit. And other times, they can just get overwhelmed (this place get packed wall-to-wall, so I can understand some lapses). . . The beers...AMAZING. If you want to get tipsy, go straight for the Raj IPA. A tasty, hoppy beer that will get the job done. I tend to like bitter beers like IPAs, so I stick to the Raj, HopKnot, and 8th Street. I do like Kiltlifter (probably their most popular beer) but it can start to get too sweet after a few. . . One thing many people fail to mention; order a glass of water. I know water doesn't sound impressive, but they pour the same distilled H20 they use in their beers and it is the best water in Arizona. Just a thought.
I've never had a better French Dip in my entire life. With that being said I've never had a better French Kiss than the one I always get from Teddy G. Oh and the beer's not to bad either.
I had the salmon BLT: it was unique and exploding with flavor.  Loved it.  Tried the Kilt Lifter, it was a very good Scotch Ale.
This is by far one of the best breweries in Arizona! The beer, food, service, everything is terrific. This location has a warehouse feel and can get hot in the summertime, so the temperatures go up, I recommend going to the Scottsdale location.
You will not find another place like this. The beer is amazing. The food is even better. Try the chicken enchiladas or the chicken strips, you will not be disappointed.
Everything about the food and beer are amazing. I go there all the time, but never expect to get great service. That's okay though--obviously they're putting their efforts into what counts, the food. I can never find my server, but other than that one of the best places to eat and drink in Tempe by far.. . I recommend the Salmon BLT and the Spinach Artichoke Dip... Mmmmmm.... and the Raj! Heaven.
I've been here a total of 3 times now and the food never disappoints! This is my boyfriends favorite restaurant and now its mine too! My favorite things are the beef beer bread sandwich YUM and the calamari and the tartar sauce.. omg amazing! The service isn't always great (once we had a wonderful server, the next time our server was inattentive). Also the place doesn't have AC but it doesn't take away from the experience at all. Anyways I love love love this place and its always the the top of my list of where to go to dinner!
The menu here hold alot of different options. i have never had one bad thing here. The food is superb. Service is always excellent no matter how packed it is. Just a word of warning, it's a Viking's bar. So be prepared during football season. It is within walking distance of my home, so that's definitely a plus. Lunch,  dinner, late night or even sunday brunch there's never a bad time to go. They also offer growlers and to-go packs if you'd like. I reccomend the peach ale, and oatmeal stout. Also the growlers are re-fillable so you can bring them back.
Excellent food, great beers, unique atmosphere... that pretty much sums it up. Definitely worth the visit.
The best in Tempe. Cheap pitchers, good outside location, parking is usually a little hard though.
Do yourself a favor and try it.  I know there is a wait... there is a reason!
I love breweries and I love Four Peaks. One of e best breweries in Az. We came here on a Friday night but had no trouble getting a table. This place is huge and packed but still room to move around. We ordered the Hopshot IPA which is a great beer!  I've been here a few time and always had a good experience. I can't wait till the pumpkin porter coming Oct 1st!!!
4.5. What hasn't been said yet?!. Parking can be a pain sometimes. Careful not to be towed.. Definitely NOT a beer drinker, in fact I don't drink alcohol AT ALL, but I had a sip of my friend's beer and it wasn't bad! I think it was the Hop Not, citrus-y. I wouldn't ever order a whole glass for myself though.... . So why do I come here if I don't drink? . 1.) What ASU student doesn't go to Four Peaks at least once? . 2.) All my friends drink. They are fortunate that I don't drink, so I am always DD. . 3.) Their 5 layer nachos WITH blackened chicken. SO GOOD. Warning, this monster can feed maybe up to 4 people. I came here last week and ordered the nachos. It took so long for us (3) to finish the nachos that I had to ask the server to reheat it. They did so with no problem. . 4) Cool atmosphere. . . No complaints about the heat, swamp cooler, sweating balls, etc. . . They're also opening up a second place off Broadway and Rural, but I'll stick to the original place.. :]
Good food and beer. A little pricey, but worth it. The pumpkin porter is one of my favorite beers.
Not a regular, but my last visit was amazing!! I have unusually high expectations for the service industry (not really but the bar has been set so friggin low) and I was honestly impressed.  EVERYBODY on staff was on point. Hostess, server, busser and food runners were exceptionally efficient and smiled, making myself and company feel like they actually gave a damn we were there. My server rattled off 15 salad dressings without even looking up.... Impressive.  Not a dish, glass or dirty napkin sat on the table for longer than 30 seconds!!  The food was well prepared and was delivered not too quick, not too late... Perfect.  Beer was flowing and tasted amazing as usual.  Our glasses, weather water or beer, never reached empty.  Over all, a great dining experience with nothing to complain about (unfortunately something I haven't had in a long time).  Can't wait to go back!!!
Super cool place! I was here w/ a group of 15 and they accommodated us nicely, including all of the fun that comes with splitting bills 10 ways. I have bookmarked and will make it back for an afternoon of football. Definitely a place that you can bring anyone to.
I've always had a great experience with this place.
Spent some time in Scottsdale on business and found this place via yelp..... Definitely deserves the great reviews previously posted. The fish and chips, burgers and fries were very tasty and the service was excellent. Best meal I had while visiting Arizona, wish we had one of these in orange county.  Oh and the oatmeal stout was awesome as well..... They sell beer to go here, great idea!
It's 4 Peaks. 4peaks is awesome. What more do you need to know???. . Fantastic beer? Check. (best heff around. Kiltlifter always a staple too.). . Great food? Double check. (nachos are amazing, wings are great, margarita pizza is wonderful. You won't get a better Veggie Burger at any other bar in the valley.). . Parking? Parking is... well... parking really, really blows.. . That's pretty much all you need to know. My advice if you don't like crowds is to pick your spots and get there early. (I'll skip going there for the Big Game, as they'll be stupidly packed, but they are my 1st choice for weekend day drinking, and have been for years.)
Hands down the best brewery I have been too.  Most of their beers are better than any other out there.  Yes, the Oatmeal Stout is better than Guinness.  The Pumpkin Porter should be on the menu all year long.  The food here is also amazing! I have not had anything here I found just eh.  Fun place to go, lots of cool people, tvs for sports..... . If you have not been here, go, NOW!. . Only bad part is parking kinda sucks since it is so packed.
On a super crowded Sunday during football season, Four Peaks still delivers. Great service, cold local beer, and a good selection of better than average bar food. I had the breakfast burger with a large patty, topped with bacon, an egg, cheese, and jalapeno mayo. The bun was flavorful, and the burger itself was perfect. The potatoes were well seasoned too. Hubby had a white pizza with chicken and mushrooms. Great portions. We rode our bike here as do lots of other fans. This place favors the Vikings on SuNday mornings, so beware! Breakfast till 2pm, and good eats all day long. Thanks for the friendly service too.
The wait can be a bit long but totally worth it! I have never had bad service and everything I have had in the menu is amazing! Great place to hangout with friends- wish they did have a better happy hour though!
This place is truly amazing. Especially if your a fan of craft beer. every beer this brewery makes is masterfully crafted and wonderful to enjoy. .    .    On top of that the food is awesome. It's not your average bar food and has a lot to offer. .    .    There is a patio to enjoy if you prefer to be outside. The patio area is cleverly split into 2 sections one for non-smokers and the other for smokers. The inside is a very nice place to eat as well. The decorations and the brick-house feel are a peaceful yet fun place to enjoy your drinks and food. .    .    For those that care about the atmosphere will especially enjoy the inside of this restaurant as it has the brewing tanks and decorations alike giving you an experience like no other. On top of that the music is actually good. It's loud enough to hear and with musicians like Jimi Hendrix, and Sublime in the line-up it makes for a good night of listening. .    .    The amazing service is also a huge plus. I have never had bad service and everyone is really nice and accommodating. . .    This is a go-to place for groups of people looking to have fun, and I would highly recommend it for business outings and customer appreciations.
LOVE this place. A great choice for beer lovers.
I got the Four Peaks burger with fries and the beer sampler. Their beers are great! Its so nice to have a place like that in Phoenix. And I was able to watch the UC Bearcats bowl game while eating with my family.
Two things I always order here:. . Kilt Lifter and the pretzels!. . They go excellent together! . . Try them!
Best brewery around. . . Great food and now have weekly specials!. Great Service!. . Hopnot IPA is a really good IPA. Peach Ale is good for a sweeter beer or female
Probably my favorite place to go in Tempe. Great Beer made on site and the best "bar" menu out there. There daily specials are always awesome and usually temp me into visiting more time than I should. My favorite plave to take out of town guests.
I've never had a bad experiencehere! Great service, great food, great beer! . . Get the nachos and definitely try their Oatmeal Stout Milkshake- to die for!!
Raj and HopKnot IPA are excellent, sometimes they have a nice cask. Food is always very good as well. highly recommend.
Four Peaks is better than good sex. That is all.... . In all seriousness, it is. The reuben, the first and chips, the beer flight. This is the best joint in Tempe hands down. I have had occasions where I've eaten here 4-5 times a week. Parking can be a little tricky especially on weekends, but hell, I'd park in Mesa and walk to Four Peaks if I had to!
Best brewery food I have ever had. Staff is cool and not pretentious beer snobs.
This place is the best! Their food is amazing-especially their beer bread!! Also- the beer is great! This place gets extremely packed early and it lasts all night long, but it normally doesn't take too long to get a table and even if it does it's worth the wait!
Four Peaks Brewery is by far my all-time favorite place to go to on a Friday/Saturday night. I recently moved away from Phoenix and will greatly miss this place on the weekends. Their beer is off the charts when compared to most others. The Kilt Lifter and the 8th Street Ale are a must for any beer conesieur. Even if the food was bad I would still come here as regularly as I did but luckily the food is amazing as well. Great atmosphere, friendly employees, inside a large brick building with a beautiful outside patio.. . A few negatives to mention..... -Parking can be a nightmare so be prepared to walk some distance.. -They can get crowded quickly and wait times for a table can get lengthy.. . A must stop for anyone who visits Phoenix/Tempe!. . FYI - The Peach Ale works great to occupy members of the opposite sex who have little interest in beer ( or any buddies whose alcohol preference is questionable).
Yummy food + good looking/friendly staff= happy Chandlor :) needless to say I'll be back!
A great balance of  beer, service and ambiance is sometimes difficult. Not here, this outstanding restaurant/brewery has it all. A must do for anyone of all ages living or stop over in Tempe AZ.  . I really had a great time drinking some great beer and the food was outstanding but the best part was the climate and staff.
even on valentines day....this place is just so good! no wait to sit. i had the beer bread veggie wrap. it was too oily this time, so i doubt it was any healthier than the fish and chips, but it is always so darn tasty. . . beers? everyone already knows how good they are. and service has never been less than outstanding. . . nothing new....
There's a reason this place has a 4.5 star rating out of nearly 800 votes - it's quite possibly the best restaurant of its kind in town.. . It's elevated bar food. Their menu is enormous with appetizers, burgers (turkey is an option - thank you!), pizza, salads, you name it!  The food ALWAYS comes out hot and super fast. I don't know how they do it - it is always busy there, and they always perform.  I am so impressed with this place and their attention to putting out flavorful, high quality, hot food.. . The service also never skips a beat, and again, they're always busy!  So friendly with a lot of hustle.. . The beer is fabulous too. My fav is the Hop Knot IPA and my husband loves the Sunbru hefe.. . If i ever moved, i think i'd miss this place the most. It's reliably delicious and i always walk out of there in a good mood.
Probably my favorite burger joint in the Valley!  We have been as a family many times.  Service is usually really good, unless there's something going on in the area and they are slammed, but that's the case anywhere.  The fries are out of this world and the prices are great!  One of my favorites! Definitely a go to place!!
Awesome place with big portions and ice cold beer. Service is mostly hit but sometimes miss. This usually happens when they are busy though so I don't blame them. Try the BBQ chicken pizza and their chicken wrap. A nice cold sunbru to top it all off.
Top Four Reasons I Love Four Peaks. . 1.  My man can get tipsy on "Kiltlifter" which he love, loves and it makes him happy.  It seems like all the boys love the Kiltlifter. 2.  The pasta salad and steak sandwich are super freakin good. 3.  I love that little doll face Courtney at the Tempe location, she is super sweet and she is always on it. 4.  Your chicken rolls are greasy, fattening deliciousness and that jalapeno dip kills me because I am a baby with spice, but it kills me in a good way. 5.  There are always suckers on the patio willing to bet my girly friend that she can't out chug them for drinks, and we ALWAYS be winning! Yeahhh!
Omg...just shut up and take my money.. . You either hate good food, or hate beer if you don't like 4 Peaks. If that's the case you're a bone head (and a slew of other things Yelp won't let me post). This is a family joint, and I digress.... . Guh, a wonderful gem Four Peaks is...hidden in a Tempe neighborhood and easily accessed. They have all the space to do what they want, and that convenience is passed onto patrons.. . You want to belly up to the bar? Do it. Outside Seating? They will provide, inside...yeah, duh. Service is top notch...they move fast, but still allow you to have a good, well paced, time. The Beer, well of course: It's great. The food. Get anything...all of it amazing.. . My favorites though? Sunspot Ale, and the Salmon Burger/Sandwich. Heaven.. . 4 Peaks...While I appreciate the super fun food trucks at the other location, I'd really like to have the ability to eat some of your wonderful food there aswell!. . (That's right folks, they've multiplied...)
Excellent!!! Vibrating place for sure. Awesome beers and good food tooo! Try Rolls, Pretzels, Hummes - some of my favs! Must visit!!!
This is the spot for beer in the valley. It really doesn't get any better. Great beer. Great food. Great service. 8th St Ale is my favorite and their Southwest Burger is so good! Also the Sunday brunch is great too. Lunch or Dinner or just a late night hanging out at a casual brewery drinking the best beer in the state of AZ!
This place is AWESOME! No complains from me here, the food, service, beer and atmosphere is great. Multiple Ty's, good size bar and the wait was minimal for a Saturday night though it was Spring Training and a NASCAR race was in town. Highly recommended!
OMG is Right,,, . Been "thinking" about going up to try breakfast and finally made it.. . . The Food is AWESOME,. The Huevos Adovada Excellent. Soup n Roast Beef Samich - Excellent. Breakfast ??? Beer Bread - Kinda like a burrito Excellent. Eggs Benedict - Excellent. Beer was already know excellent , my Fave is Kiltlifter.. . We went with some friends and though parking was a little issue, but once we got that straightened out, the smell of the food was on point.... Menu took us awhile as nothing rang out to be the perfect match up,, but let me tell you,,, all 4 of our dishes were on point, I dont normally give anything 5 stars but this place just made the #2 spot of favorite places to eat... The Beer did help with that, but will def be back !!
This is my kind of place: Beer made on site, awesome food menu, cool crowds, sports on TV. I would consider living in Arizona just for this place...well, ok, maybe not. But I will come back here.. . For beers, I'd recommend the Raj IPA and the Kiltlifter (which you will find offered at nearly every bar in Tempe, by the way).. . They have some good vegetarian options, which made me happy. I went for the Portabella Veggie Beer Bread. I have to say that the title made me think it would be a portabella mushroom sandwich. It's actually a wrap. And I'm not sure how it's "beer bread"; it just seemed like a tortilla. But it was good anyway. . . Definitely go for the fries, no matter what. They are beer battered and delicious. I'd recommend the calamari appetizer too, but beware it's strips of calamari, like chicken strips.. . Enjoy!
Okay so I have mixed up my breweries (My last review was for Popago Brewery oops).  Let me set the record straight.  This is the best brewery I have been to in Arizona!  The menu at this place is HUGE!  Although, you need look no further than the appetizers menu.  PLEASE order the Arizona Chicken Rolls.  With the perfect blend of sweet, spicy, crunchy, savory, ummm these are SOOO good!  . . My boyfriend and I have split the bleu light burger which is fantastic!  I also got the cobb salad which you can get a half order of (still a good size if you are getting appetizers and drinking beers).  Everything we have ever gotten there is fantastic!. . Now for the beers!  These are GOOD!  I like a lighter beer so I recommend the Sunbru and Peach Ale, but everyone who goes for the darker ones are never dissappointed.  They also have a seasonal pumpkin porter which is a little heavy but still really yummy.  . . This place is hard to find, but worth the search.  It is off in a random little neighborhood in Tempe but I am telling you now SEARCH FOR IT!!  Excuse all my caps in this review, but yes I promise you it is that good.
Located on a side street near a park, this place is Tempe's best restaurant. If you go after 5 or on weekends, you will have to wait. There's a nice park within walking distance to kill some time.. . The service is great and the food and beer comes really quick for such a big busy place.. . Almost everything I have had there is delicious.  The Sunbru beer as well as kiltlifter is fantastic. . . The AZ chicken rolls are amazing. You can't go wrong, the food is great.. . This place is awesome.
Parking is brutal and the place isa madhouse...still 5 stars. Cool atmosphere, good food, GREAT Beer. Servers were all cute and very knowledgable, no complaints there. I was in town for a busy spring training weekend so not sure if its always that packed but based on reviews I see how it could be. Check it out when in Phoenix area.
great atmosphere. the kind of brewery restaurant ive been looking for. mr easton was ok, just let me be at the bar. Never thought of having osso bucco at the bar, but it was great as well as the stout! originally planned to go for dinner in the weekend, but it was so packed. it's good that i went during the week instead, not too busy and crazy.
If you went to ASU or have any friends that went to ASU you know this is the place to be. Litterly full every single night of the week, the most amazing thing about this place is that the food is better than the beer. That isn't to say the beer isn't good, because some of it is great. Because it has become so large and so popular my only negative about this place is the factthat their seasonals and limited release list are so small and far apart. Then again they didn't become so popular by not having great beers. I'm a hop knot fan and if I'm at a restuarant that doesn't have a beer I haven't had or something I think is better it's my fall back favorite. All the beers are of great quality and while service can be slow at time (because of the massive amount of people there) it's absolutely worth the wait.
Four Peaks is amazing! Every Monday on my day off I look forward to eating the delicious food. The service is very good and the atmosphere is great. A great Tempe spot!!
Some of the most unique and delicious appetizers!  Spanakopita, Garlic Cheese Beer Bread, Thai Hummus are my go-to treats.  The patio usually stays packed until closing time (Thur - Sat).  Love that spring breeze and vivacious atmosphere.  Oh yeah, the beer's good too ;)
You can NEVER go wrong here...EVER! What a fantastic setting with great food and tasty craft beer. They have this multi-grain BLT blackened salmon sandwich that is one of the best things I've ever eaten. Had a "flight of beers" and tasted all of them...fav's were heffeweisen and peach ale. Great great service too. This place is a home run.
Best beer and pub food in Arizona. Love taking out of towners here for a great experience.
-As far as I know, Four Peaks is really the only big brewery in Phoenix. I went some years back, but loved it!. . -This was one of my first ever samplers. Their IPA, Hopknot is delicious! It comes for sale in cans. I can't recall any of the other beers names, but all were good I do remember that.. . -The place is huge and you can sit right next to the beer tanks while you eat and enjoy the beer.. . -Lots of great merch from glasses and tshirts to other fun stuff. They also have great coasters. Check them out, awesome website
We descended on Four Peaks for a reunion with friends who moved to Atlanta a few years ago.  I think the original reservation we had was for about 20 people.  The group continued to grow and until we were about 40 deep.. . Through it all, our server, Jessica, got drink and food orders in and out of the kitchen and bar with incredible speed.  As our group grew, tables magically appeared so folks could sit down and order.  She struck the perfect balance of being helpful but unobtrusive.  . . Not one complaint about food, and no one had to wait for a drink.  Jessica did it all with a smile, and I really appreciate her hustle and effort.  Four Peaks has a great system for customer service, amazing beer, and pretty good food.  I will be back, and hope to see Jessica as a leader when I do.
Love this place! Great food with big portion size and we love the beer!
We went there for Mother's Day brunch. They had a special menu.  I chose the chicken enchiladas with scrambled eggs on top.  Sounds strange but it was fantastic.  I asked if it was on the menu and our server said the enchiladas are but if you ask for the eggs they will do it for no extra charge.  We will definitely be back to test that theory.  The food was good, the atmosphere nice, service excellent.
Try the specials... always amazing!  I really like the carne adovada... but once I tried the specials I have never ordered off the menu again.  These chefs really know what they are doing.  And the vegetables, wow!  How do they make them so tasty everytime?  I think kids would even like the way they prepare vegetables.
Love Four Peaks.  Always packed with people- so make sure to go in expecting that and some difficulty parking.  Fun place to go with a group of friends.  Love the Hopknot- nice strong beer.  The food is always great too.  Nice place for day drinking on the patio!
Came here the other night and were lucky enough to have a cask keg of HopShock IPA!! Wow was so smooth and fresh. Possibly the best beer I've ever had. Cask make it taste so different and smooth compared to draft or cans. Also had the black IPA which great too.
What's to say about this place that hasn't already been said after 801 reviews! It's fabulous! Great beer, great food, great service. They hit the trifecta.. . Not only that, but I love that there is a wide variety of people here. Families with small kids, hipsters, college kids, old folks...everyone come on down! No one is out of place. We bring our kids all the time.. . Last night I had the salmon blt and it was delicious! Hubby had the beer battered chicken fingers (his fav, he gets that every time). . . All of their beers are fantastic, but I particularly like the oatmeal stout and the peach ale. Hubby LOVES the bourbon barrel ipa but that one is seasonal.. . Great place!
we had a great time here.  i really like the casual atmosphere.  they have many tv's for sporting events.  . the beer is excellent!  my favorite is the peach and sunbru.  kilt lifter was my husband fav and my nephew loved ipa.  you can't go wrong here, there's a beer for everyone's taste.  now the food is worth twice what you pay for!!!!  everything we ordered (there were 5 of us) was delicious.  no one had any complaints.  we highly recommend this brewery.
Been coming here for years.  Fantastic beer.  Great atmosphere inside and out.  It's fun to sit outside and see how many folks can't parallel park (me included for the record). I also like that the building has a bit of history to it, with all of the new building in AZ, that can be hard to find.  The other major bonus is its very close to ASU so it's perfect for after and before sporting events.
Having recently moved into the Tempe area, I found myself at a loss for which restaurants faired the best. Naturally I asked many for their opinions and a slew of places were recommended. However I noticed some of the restaurants were disliked by a few people when I mentioned another's recommendation. Only one establishment seemed to convey great reviews across the board, Four Peaks. Naturally I had to try it. . . My first visit, with my parents, was slightly overwhelming. The parking situation is subpar so prepare to walk a bit to your destination. Hardly a bane to my experience though as for the second my family and I were seated, I knew I had gone to the right place. The building itself seems to be the shell of a has-been factory of sorts. The large wide open spaces allow for maximum seating arrangements, which translates into a short waiting time. Servers here tend to be on the up and up when it comes to taking drink orders and providing refills. While I wouldn't call it a five star service, the managers clearly have constructed a solid waiting plan that finds a nice balance between giving regular service and your personal space. .  . Make no mistake, Four Peaks is a brewery. Through and through. The beer is the number one priority, and boy do they deliver. Being the first timers that we were, the waiter suggested ordering a sample platter of beer so as to try each one and perhaps find a favorite. He was adequately knowledgable about which beers would fit which pallet and within no time at all, we had a row of beer glasses lined up in the middle of the table. All of the beers were good to great. My personal favorite (which seems to be a common choice) is the Kilt Lifter. I highly recommend it and since my initial try have bought six packs of it many times.. . A large unfocused menu, to me, typically indicates a restaurant without direction. The lack of said direction often translates into poor food as well. Four Peaks defies my logic as it sports the large menu that dips into various genres of food, but the food actually manages to be incredible. . . The nachos. Order them. You will NOT be disappointed. Blackened chicken, loads of fresh cheese, and a bean dip that'd give any top of the line Mexican restaurant a run for their money. How can you go wrong?. . Burgers. Burgers. And... more burgers. I consider myself to be somewhat of a beef snob. Medium rare hand pressed party, a toasted and quality bun, and a stack of fresh tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and pickles. Without any single component a burger can quickly find itself tasting like an overpriced late-night Wendy's adventure. Or in other words, nothing to warrant my five star review. Four Peaks thankfully takes their burgers seriously. Cooked to order and taste a plenty, I guarantee you will not find a dissatisfying burger on the menu. My personal favorite is the Popper Burger (I believe that is the name). Try it, you can't go wrong.. . Other dishes I have tried over the several visits I've made since my first have been the fish tacos (very tasty), steak sandwich (not my favorite, but still good), and a salad (cannot remember the exact one, but it was phenomenal). As far as I am concerned, there is hardly a thing on the vast and sprawling menu that won't satisfy your hunger cravings. Portions here are absolutely massive as well. Bring an empty stomach!. . Pricing manages to be fairly reasonable for an environment and food/drink service as high caliber as it is. Four Peaks is THE place to go in Tempe. . . Just don't forget the nachos.
Got in right away. Ordered the sampler beer and was so worth it. Haven't been here much but did find the beer I like which was actually a dark brew. The food was so yummy and quick. The waitress was friendly and attentive.
We always expect great beer and great food at Four Peaks but last night we also had great service. I did a quick glance at the menu and ordered two appetizers for my friend and me. When our food was served, the gentleman delivering it noticed our look of dismay immediately and asked what was wrong. I explained that it was my fault for not reading the details on the bruschetta but that my friend was deathly allergic to shellfish. He immediately offered to make us a shrimp free version and cheerfully delivered it to us. No fuss, no muss, just a great example of superior customer service.
They were slammed for Father's Day, but once we were in our server Jessica did not miss a beat. Their specials are always interesting and I've yet to order anything I didn't enjoy (especially from the beer menu). My favorites are the taproom tenderloin on beer bread with a hopknot. Portions are large so plan to takesome home. Inside is A/C, TVs, and it is loud when they are crowded. Outside is generally much quieter, and though you cannot watch the game the patio has a lot of shade and misters running on warmer days.
I can't believe I haven't written a review for Four Peaks! I've only been eating here for about seven years. I have my favorite meal and when I have a fav it's hard for me to get anything else so I get the Carne Adovada. Tender with a rich smoky flavor which is really unique to Four Peaks. They serve it with black beans, rice (which I don't eat), sour cream and two big, soft, warm tortillas. It's not spicy but I add some additional kick with some AZ hot sauce. They recommend a Hop Knot which I love but I actually prefer the 8th street with this meal, just a bit lighter. . . Today's visit was very nice, our waiter was very attentive offering samples of the beer, water and checked on us often. Our food came out crazy fast. A woman who I think was the manager came by and checked on us. The bus boys removed our plates quickly. We walked around to look at the building and a gentleman from the back area came to speak with us and gave us a bit of history on the building. . . A great experience. The place is always busy with college aged kids but you can be a *bit* ;) older and still have a nice experience there.
They have a great selection of superb beer. The service is always friendly and prompt. They have really good food that will blow you away considering the college-area, micro brew setting.
Love this place. A++++++++++
Four Peaks gets 5 stars for a reason. Craft beers are so good in their own individual ways. Whether you like wheat beers or IPA's, you can't go wrong.. . Another reason for 5 stars... their food is just so darn good. I have yet to have something I disliked. The Margherita Pizza, Arizona Chicken Rolls, the Mushroom Burger, and of course their Popper Burger. . . I am definitely not ashamed I visit Four Peaks a couple times a month.
Everyone loves a craft beer.  Four Peaks has some good ones.  I come from MI so am a little jaded by our excellent craft breweries in our state (especially Bell's!) but I really enjoyed the Kilt Lifter ... and with a name like that, you gotta try one.. . I also had dinner while here in Phoenix on business.  The "Tap Room Tenderloin" sandwich was absolutely outstanding!!  I would put it as one of the top ranked sandwiches I have ever had.  After reading many of the reviews here on Yelp, I am tempted to go back tonight to try more menu items.. . I would highly recommend.
If  you have a beer drinking friend in town, this is place to take them! Best bar food in the valley, especially their nachos and spinach dip. Furthermore, some of the best beers I've ever had brewed right here local. Kiltlifter is my all time favorite beer and I'm lucky to live within biking distance. Def a killer spot!
I've been to Four Peaks hundreds of times.  No joke, hundreds.  . . I used to live at the apartment complex next door from 2005-2008 during college.  . . Walking distance brewery with great food?  Match made in heaven (I assume heaven has great beer, of course).  . . I've had pretty much everything on the menu, but today (4th of July) I got the chicken strips & a Raj IPA.  Both are amazing.  The chicken comes with a chipotle ranch that is delicious.  The fries at Four Peaks are some of the best in the business as well.  . . The only thing that was upsetting is that they were out of the firecracker ribs!  . . If you see a special of the day that sparks your interest, get it and get it quick!
Tasted at Tempe arts fair and came over for more!
We had a fantastic experience at Four Peaks yesterday!  Our waitress Vicky was top notch, seriously one of the sweetest waitresses I've encountered.  We had a flight and food, all was extraordinary.  Next time we are in the area, we will absolutely be stopping here!!
This is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.  Whether for drinks, or food, or both, I have never been disappointed.  The service is always top notch, even when the place is overflowing with people.  I've never had to wait too incredibly long either, even when there are plenty of people waiting.  If sports are your thing, there are a ton of TVs scattered throughout, so it's a great place to go watch the game as well.. . As far as the food goes, I've had pretty much everything on the menu, and it's all great. Their burgers, specifically, are my favorite thing on the menu.  As far as the beer, well, it speaks for itself.  My favorites are 8th St Ale and Kilt Lifter, but all of their beer is awesome.  And although it might seem like heresy to order a Bloody Mary in a brewery, theirs are absolutely delicious if you happen to land here on a Sunday morning after a long night.... . If you haven't been, make sure and go.  Most likely it will be your new favorite spot.
Love this place! I live a little over two blocks from this place and recently visited to have a couple drinks and some food with friends. I ordered a kilt lifter, my friend a peach ale, and bf the hop knot while sitting outside under the misters, if that wasn't good enough. We then ordered BBQ chicken pizza and vegetable beer bread, both which were phenomenal! The waitress was super friendly and atmosphere was very laid back. Even though this place is kinda hidden, it really is a must visit while in Tempe.
Excellent microbrew menu and the bartenders give great recommendations. I am a fan of the Hefeweizen but I have tried several of their beers and been more than happy. Kilt Lifter is fun to say and even more fun to bring up in random conversation.. . Food: Salmon BLT - that is all. The bartender recommended it my first visit and it is so good I feel no need to deviate. . I come here at least once each time I'm in Phoenix if not more. I also introduce everyone that comes with me...and have been thanked every time. . . The atmosphere is fun and often rowdy but be prepared for a wait as they have been jam packed every time I have come. Totally worth the wait.
Great atmospher, amazingly delicious food, and great local drinks make the trouble of finding a parking spot totally worth it. The staff is always super friendly, sometimes they seem overstaffed at the checkin desk, but just an odd observation. If you've never tried the icecream cake, you must, on your next visit, trust me.
Terrific food, terrific beers, while it can get crowded on a Friday or Saturday night, the staff usually is able the handle the rush. No real downsides as they have great indoor and outdoor seating options. No drawbacks, just go....
If you've spent any time in the Temp/ASU area, you've probably heard of Four Peaks. As a local, the brewery/restaurant on 8th street was always a common common place to be...and it still is. . . There is not much that I can say that hasn't already been said in the hundreds of reviews that have already been written. My two cents is that you'll enjoy the place and the beer. . . This is by far one of my favorite bars and serves some of my favorite beer. The Kilt-Lifter, Oatmeal Stout, and Peach Ale are all superb. . . Just go. You won't be sorry.
I recently took my brother who was visiting from out of town to this place and we both absolutely loved it! I tried the Sunbru beer, which was nice and light with fruity tones to it. My brother had the oatmeal stout which had a much bolder flavor with a malty, oat undertone. Both choices were great to start off our meals. We also got the Bavarian pretzels and Four Peaks cheeseburger for our meals. The pretzels were great since they were still warm and soft by the time they brought them over to our table. It's sprinkled with bits of coarse salt, but not overly done to the point where all you taste is the salt. It was a perfect pairing with my beer! I snuck a bite of the burger from my brother and that was really tasty, but huge. Sometimes you really do need a fork and knife to tackle on that burger! Our food was definitely filling. Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting the Tempe area. What really amazed me is the fact that they actually brew their own beers right in the restaurant. Towards the back of the restaurant you can see all the giant tanks where they store the beer.
So doesn't like Four Peaks? As far as breweries go, Four Peaks has it all. Their food is delicious and they have tons of tables indoor and out. The staff is always friendly and their beers are delicious. . . Overall, There's a reason there's always a wait at Four Peaks. If you want the brewery experience, head here for a drink or five.
Best brunch! A great place to watch a game!
Best place in Arizona!!! Home away from home!!!
This place doesn't need any reviews as evident by the 30-40 min wait periods every weekend. Parking is always a problem which, in a way, is a good indicator of things to come.. . The food and beer is great, obviously. I love the peach ale and hefeweizen. But THE FRIES! If you are a fries aficionado like me, you need to taste their beer-battered fries. BEST. FRIES. I. HAVE. EVER. TASTED. . . That's all.
I love it here! They have great craft beer (especially in the fall- Pumpkin Porter) and delicious food. Parking sucks, but it's worth the walk and the wait if you come around 5:30/6:00.
Great beer!
For the Money, Atmosphere, Food & Beer. This is my Favorite Restaurant. It's tucked away near a residential area. It's a secret gem everyone is finding out about. The place is always packed in the evening and sometimes hard to find good parking... but it's because the place is that amazing. ( Some people complain about the parking... ) I'd walk a mile from my car to get a seat at Four Peaks.. . I buy there beer all the time at Trader Joes and Whole Foods. I'm excited that they are canning Peach Ale now. . . Everything they make is amazing. You must try the Tap Room Tenderloin Sandwich!. . All n All - The place is great and now I have Four Peaks on the brain....
I've eaten here four times and every time it's been delicious. The blackened salmon BLT is amazing, as well as the Carne Abovado. All the brews are great but the Hop Knot IPA is my favorite. This place makes it worth coming to AZ!
What a cool place!  Great beers, good food, and a really neat atmosphere. We were seated very promptly, and our waitress (Jessica) was extremely attentive. I will come back next time I am in the Phoenix area!!
Great food, great beer, and it's a Vikings bar! What's not to love?? The beer breads are all awesome as is the fish n' chips. And if your lucky enough to be around in the fall give the pumpkin porter a try!
This is my casual drinking place. A bit expensive, but that does not matter if you are visiting in a group of 4 or more. I prefer sitting outside instead of indoor seating. Outdoor seating is not an issue as by night it is usually cooler and much bearable in Tempe.. . TryKlit Lifter and 8th Street beer. I am not much into food when I visit this place.  First time I had Mediterranean White Pizza along with beer and it was really filling (a bit too much actually)
Great service at the bar and at our table! The food was delicious! Me and the bf both got a cheeseburger with pesto mayo and some beer bread!!! Amazing!!!!! I highly recommend this place for a fun Friday night date!
I used to live right by this 4Peaks and thus, was a frequent visitor.  The food is fabulous!  Sandwiches, burgers, soup, ice cream cake!  Everything I've had was consumed with great gusto.  I can't comment on the beer, as I'm not a beer drinker (I know, I know, so not cool!), but hubby raves about the beer and will happily imbibe here whenever he gets the opportunity.  Wait staff is always nice and the vibe is fun.  This place is super popular, so be prepared to wait.  It's worth it!  Value is off the hook.  Very reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food and drink.
I wish I had more time to sample the rest of their beer. The beer bread sandwiches were excellent. I thought their fries were good, my wife had a salad and said the dressing was very good. There were plenty of servers working the lunch shift and they were all attentive to their customers.. . Make sure to try the kiltlifter and the peach beers.
Who doesn't love Four Peaks?  This is a great place that's good for happy hour drinks and appetizers or just dinner.  The food is delicious every time and the beer is always cold and yummy ! The parking can sometimes be a pain with the tiny gravel lot in the back so it tends to be easier if you just park on the street.  In my giant SUV I find it's easier to park on the street, personally.  Their spinach dip is to DIE for...literally....I'd die. The patio is decent, not phenomenal...the inside though is really laid back, cool, industrial feel to it.  Service is always great whether at the bar or table. I think at this point everyone in the Phoenix are have been here....if you haven't - now ya know !
There aren't enough superlatives to say about this restaurant.  It is TRULY AMAZING - food, service, smokin' staff, you name it!  We had the calamari, salmon BLT & fries.  This is my second time here and everything was perfect - again.  All the seasonings, quality of ingredients & attention to each table was outstanding.  Everyone there is in high-speed mode.  Glasses never get empty, plates cleared away & food was extremely prompt.  I haven't been to a smoother operation anywhere - and this place was PACKED!.  Kudos to the whole staff & management, ya'll are food-service rock-stars!
Good food, fun atmosphere and friendly service...  The beer is not bad either.. Try "lifting the kilt!"
Great local brew beers, several to choose from & they have won awards at the Great American Beer Fest in Denver, CO 2013 for their brews. Besides the beer the food is excellent, from burgers to appetizers i always make sure i go on a empty stomach. You can even take some packaged beer home w you. They sell Growlers full & bottles, cans. Fun place to hang out after work & meet friends. Place is always packed every time i've been in there.. Highley recommend to anyone visiting AZ, Tempe or Scottsdale location as well
Four Peaks is one of our all time favorites. My husband and son never deviate from the Italian Beer Bread. I mix it up, sometimes going with a special or their French dip which is great. The fries are AMAZING. Do not pass on these!! Pair it with the Hef and a slice of lemon. ..pure heaven!!
Let me break it down for you.... . 1) The beer is delicious. If it's in season, try the Pumpkin Porter.. 2) I've yet to try one bad appetizer or entree. The oatmeal stout shake is bomb diggity.. 3) The atmosphere is very brewery-ish. Don't come here if you're in a hurry....the wait gets a little redonkulous sometimes. Also, don't wear high heels. There's lots of uneven flooring and brick.....this is not Scottsdale, mmmkay?. 4) Parking sucks big time. Plan to walk a mile or through a back alley. . . If you are from out of town or have never been.....there's really nowhere else better on the east side, or in Phoenix for that matter, to get delicious beer and yummy food.. . My recommendations: Kilt Lifter is the local favorite, go for Hop Knot if you like plant-y beers. I'd lop off my own arm for a Chicken Roll (and that jalapeno sauce). Don't miss out on those. Come here for game day....it's a hoot.. . That is all.
BEST CALAMARI YOU WILL EVER EAT IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.. . The beer is decent. The atmosphere is good for groups of friends (it's a bit loud, but there is a lot of seating). More importantly, THE BEST CALAMARI YOU WILL EVER EAT IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.. . Other food I recommend is the Salmon BLT, the steak tenderloin sandwich, the burgers, Cajun chicken sandwich, the Thai hummus, and the pizza.. . BUT FIRST EAT THE CALAMARI.
A couple of years ago a friend recommended we try this place the next time we went to Phoenix.  Well, we now travel with an empty growler so we can head straight from the airport to Four Peaks.  Not only is their beer selection great, the beer bread sandwiches and pizza are fantastic.  If beer isn't your thing, they have a full bar.  The only bad thing I can say is that the parking is terrible.
Went to the new spot in the airport. A gate, terminal 4. Friendly, fast service. Our server had great suggestions that we took. Flight was delayed and they had no problem with us setting up camp. The were a bit over staffed... But it just opened and not a terrible problem to have. Had the peach ale, awesome. The kilt-lifter... The fries... Holy cow and the chicken rolls. Different and great. If you have time at Sky Harbor, stop by.
This place has a nice comfortable vibe, a little personal with darker lighting and an industrial setting. I tried the Turkey club and it met all my expectations! As well as their seasonal Pumpkin Porter. I definitely loved this beer, and it didn't taste terribly overwhelming like some seasonal foods tend to taste. . . Great for groups & casual dates I imagine-- went there with my co-workers for lunch and we all fit in two tables. Co-workers tried the Peach pale ale, Bleu Cheese burger (not sure on the name), their signature cheeseburgers with pepper jack, and of course, we added pickles. . . The servers were attentive and friendly- I think someone mentioned this place has manly cooks and servers or something odd like that, but they made their point and I guess I'll agree! My friend frequents this place for brunch- pancakes, the whole shabang, and she loves it. I'm pretty thrilled with the comfortable feel, the beer choices & the food. It's not your everyday boring pub food, that's for sure.
Four Peaks is one of my GO TO places in Tempe. Atmosphere is laid back, local delicious beers and wonderful food. Great restaurant for any occasion- birthdays, groups, football Sunday, laid back date night.. . Sunday brunch is a must. The food is amazing and they have the best bloody mary in town.. . Personal Favorites:. Beer: Hop Knot or Pumpkin Porter in October . Food: Salmon BLT, no bacon add avocado, Portabella Beer Bread, Cheese Enchiladas. Sunday Brunch: Breakfast Beer Bread or the Enchiladas and Eggs
Was in town for just a couple days and wanted to check out the Arizona brewery scene.  Came across Four Peaks Brewing Company and was very impressed.  It was crowded but for good reason.  The beer was outstanding (we did a taster flight so a lot of samples) and the food as well (had a chicken quesadilla).  The best part about the whole experience was the service!  Very friendly bartenders who were attentive, appreciative, and on point all night!  Highly recommend.
Four Peaks is one of those places I rarely go to (and it really isn't all that far from where I currently live & and where I was living right after I moved back to AZ after college), and I always wonder why. I mean, everyone knows how awesome their brews are (I love that Kiltlifter has become pretty much a staple that's on tap at a good deal of AZ bars), but I think the food here is delicious as well and tends to get overlooked.  . . The last time I came here I just nibbled on some apps, and they were all delicious. The spinach artichoke is honestly one of the best I've ever had (and spinach artichoke dip is one of my favorite apps/meals so I've sampled quite a bit). It's chunky , yet creamy, and just all around awesome. I'm also a big baked pretzel fan & the one at Four Peaks is delicious. . . When it comes to beer I generally stick to the staples (Kiltlifter & 8th St. Ale), both of which I really like (Kiltlifter is one of, if not my favorite beer). Of course when it's time to roll out the Pumpkin Porter I'm all about that as well!. . I also really like the atmosphere here. When the weather is nice the patio is comfortable, and there's plenty of TV's & good seating to catch football inside.
Breakfast burger was so effen good! Been coming here for years. Can't believe it when I ask sheepoles if they have ever been and they say noooooooo!Are you effen kidding me? Got my first hand job in the parking lot for goodness sake! There food is out of this world.
So another of my favorite places! I think its good beer but I'm picky what I drink but I love the peach ale my bf loves their beer though and he is more of a beer snob then i am. This is such a great place to enjoy a beautiful day with a beer with friends! I come here after a indoor rock climb at phx rock gym. They have an amazing amazing salmon blt! Frys are awesome! Service is great! I've never had any problems with the service or food here. . Only thing that sucks is the parking! Not a whole lot of parking. They have a back aly you can park in but still you have to get there before happy hr or you won't find a spot for at least 10mins plus after you find a spot you have to wait to get in. But other then that this is a fun place to be. great atmosphere great beer and food. If you want a place to bring your out of town friends that love beer make sure to bring them here!
Even though I'm not a beer drinker, this place has awesome food and love the atmosphere here!  Fish and chips, burgers, wraps...all delish!
Love this place. I'm a regular here. Good food and drinks. Especially love the burgers here. Great beer bread too. I recommend the sampler if its your first time.
Great place! Wonderful atmosphere wonderful beer and wonderful food what more is there to ask for?
Every beer is delicious and all the food is wonderful. Another great thing I appreciate about this brewery is the fact that they are child friendly. Our toddler often comes with us and he eats off the kids menu. The staff is always very friendly to us and bring our son crayons and menus to color on. Four Peaks is a great treat in a great city.
Love this restaurant, by far my favorite in Tempe! All my friends and strangers I've mingled with completely agree. Great environment, fun on the weekends, and delicious beer and food! My favorite is the french dip sandwich and then of course pairing it with a glass of kilt lifter. Even the late night bar menu is fantastic. After picking my friend up from the airport we stopped in around 11 and got the best late-night meal. Can't get enough of this place!
Great service, great brews, good food. Ate here two nights in a row while on vacation and staying near campus. The spinach artichoke dip is big enough to serve 6-8 people! Highly recommend this place.
One of my all time favorite restaurants!!! I love everything I get here! I have been here several times. Almost every time I get the beer sampler . It's $10 but a good way to taste a little of everything . I have had a cheeseburger, spinach artichoke dip (my favorite anywhere ) , shrimp bruschetta , and the ice cream cake! Don't pass up the ice cream cake! Such a fun dessert and it tastes out of this world . The only con is there is no parking anywhere ! Plan ahead if going to lunch!
I love coming here! The staff is so friendly. The atmosphere is chill & laid back. They have a selection of different type of beers from light to dark. Peach is my favorite!
What can I say? This place is AWESOME! Great place to meet up with friends for a few beers and chat or watch a game. My favorites would have to be Kiltlifter and the Peach Ale, I also enjoy the pumpkin porter around this time of year. The food is great as well. Must Try's are the Arizona chicken rolls, beer bread sandwiches and the popper burger(bomb!).
Yup, as good as it gets! Amazing seasonal pumpkin Porter (please ship to WA!).. . Salmon on the menu, friendly staff, and a nice corner seat on the patio to watch the world go by during another of God's painting, or an AZ sunset.
Giving this fine establishment anything less than the requisite 5 stars would be tantamount to heresy of the highest order. I've been here countless times over the years. Most of those times have involved waiting in line to get in, as well as a loud and crowded restaurant on the inside. But, you know what? It never matters how busy they are or how boisterous the clientele-- they ALWAYS knock it out of the park. The food and drinks haven't been less than stellar on any occasion, nor the service anything but friendly. And, the most remarkable part? The food has ALWAYS come out in a timely manner. It's insane, considering the volume they experience on such a regular occasion. I swear to God, they must have robots working the kitchen they're so fast.... . Anyway, the short of it is this: Everything here rocks, it's totally worth your time, and if you somehow are in the area and don't stop by, do yourself a favor: put your right hand up in front of your face, palm-side facing you, and bring your face into your hand... Because you deserve it.
WOOT WOOT MY 100TH REVIEW!. . Four Peaks is in the heart of Tempe and it's a great place to be. It has a good night scene, and during the day, it has the whole brunch atmosphere going on. It's relaxing without the dive look.. . So whatever time during the day or night, Four Peaks is never a poor choice. The beer is good and the seasonal beers are even better. Food is good with fast and friendly staff too.. . Love the burgers, the nachos and the chicken tenderloins. You should try the tiramisu dessert too!
I can't believe my sister almost forgot to take me here while I'm in town visiting! This place is AWESOME. I guess it's not a regular spot for her because its always so crowded and parking is limited, but on a Sunday night during winter break...no worries. I mean, there were still a lot of people here...we were just lucky enough to snag a spot out front.. . We were seated at a tall table on the patio, somewhat near a heater and ohmygosh, it was perfect outside. Our server was friendly and attentive, the food came out quickly, and I'm in love with their peach beer! Just like other Yelpers mentioned, the FRIES. They're really good, as was the Garden Burger which had melted pepperjack cheese, roasted red peppers, spinach, lettuce, and tomato. The sweet jalapeno sauce was too spicy for me on its own but tasted awesome on the burger. I like that you have to option to substitute the veggie burger patty in place of one of the other burger versions but lets be real - the Garden Burger has the best topping choices already.. . Apparently their chicken tenders are amazing! The chicken egg rolls (umm, not sure what their official title is) weren't exactly what my sister was expecting and she'd probably order something different next time (this brings me back to the chicken tenders), but she still thought they were good and liked the jalapeno sauce and chipotle ranch to dip them in.. . Atmosphere, service, food, local beer...this place is the total package! Definitely put it on your "must see" list of places to eat in Tempe!
