Good food.. Fair service.. . Try the crispy sesame tofu if you prefer to not eat meat. . along with a Santa Fe salad, with NO chicken. . Prices are fair for Vegas too!
stumbling in at 3am being the only one in this palatial room being able to order any breakfast munchie known to man kind is way cooler than getting laid in vegas. on this particular sozzled night of mine, i happened to be craving maple syrup. i ended up ordering maple syrup with eggs, sausage, and hashbrown as sides. believe me, everything went into the syrup. ever dipped sausage into syrup? yeaa baby it's good. they were cool with that.. . this place is gorgeous. quality of food here is exactly what you should expect from the Venetian. and it's not expensive. unless you're poor.
Where else in Vegas can you find a restaurant on the strip that has great service, great food, at a reasonable price?. . I haven't found one except the one in grand lux cafe. I simply love this place and its a staple every time I come to Vegas.. . My favorite dish is the corkscrew noodles with chicken in cream sauce. Favorite dish of all time, place gets an automatic 5 stars for it.
I gave this place a 5 star rating because my server...I think I over heard her name was MaryJo. She was probably one of the best servers I came across while I was in vegas!! But the food its self was pretty AMAZING!! I wanted breakfast but it was about 11 so I decided on something else. I ordered the Polynasian Salad(I think thats what it was called) SO GOOD!! It had chicken(would have better if the chicken was warm), Mango, red and yellow peppers(would have liked the pieces cubed and not in strips), it also macadamia nuts. The dressing was sweet and and deslish!! I also ordered a blood orange mimosa...SO GOOD!! I would come back for that alone!! They had a great selection on the whole menu..I plan to come back to try something else. Minor flaws but didnt take away from how delicious everything was. I only waited maybe 5 minutes and the place was packed...but then again I was by myself awaiting my friends arrival.
Great food
There is nothing worse than raging the first night in Vegas, waking up and feeling so sick you have to sit the rest of the weekend out.. . After partying upstairs at TAO, the girls and I went back to our room, changed into our pajamas and then went downstairs to soak up the alcohol that was surely seeping from our pores.  I ordered the Fried Chicken and Waffles and starved as I was, it was enough for me and one other girl to share. I'm not sure if it was due to the fact that I was so hungry I could've eaten a horse, but the chicken was extra cripsy, not greasy or gross and the waffles tasted fab (Did I detect a hint of cinnamon?).  . . I've since had the Bacon Cheeseburger and Fettucino Alfredo, both were absolutely amazing and the servings out of control.  I'd recommend sharing a meal if you go.  It also stated that the atmosphere is dress but multiple times I have been here at 4am dressed in my pajamas and no one has said anything.
Amazing place to have lunch or breakfast, which in Vegas, can be any time of the day. And luckily, this place is opened 24 hours. Their omelets are to die for. It's all inexpensive and you get delicious big plates. What's not to love?
Duck Potstickers - tasty, meaty with a great soy dipping sauce. . Mini Chili Cheese Dogs - one of the best hot dogs you will eat, covered with chili, cheese, and a delicious mustard cream sauce; my favorite item!. . Sloppy Joe - classic, delicious sauce, and great vegas drunk food. . Short Rib Grilled Cheese - see: "joe, sloppy". . Southwestern Salad - if you really need a salad, you really can't beat this; word of warning, this is two meals, easy. . Crispy Caramel Chicken - really nice asian inspired dish. . Shaking Beef - really good riff on vietnamese shaking beef, with a really good sauce over rice. . Indochine Chicken and Shrimp - second favorite dish; it has a really unique flavor that is slightly spicy, sweet and creamy all over rice, plus it has chicken and shrimp; try this one it is worth it. . Chicken Salad Sandwich - available at the take-out counter/cafe located near the main entrance of the venetian grand lux.. . . Sooo, if you can't tell, I really like this place.  I go to Vegas more than is healthy (it's only February and I have already been 3 times, with my fourth trip next weekend).  A golden standard for decently priced, very tasty, and open really really late for post party food.  I love grand lux, especially their mini hot dogs and their surprisingly good renditions of asian inspired dishes.. . One word of warning: the dishes are huge.... but you get leftovers for late night snacking or early hangover brunch (if you are like me, I don't like waking up until 2-3pm post party night).. . Next time you are in vegas, try this place out, or if you are lucky, there is one in LA too.
Seriously, the shortrib grilled cheese made the 5 hour drive from the OC worth it. It was all we could think about during the drive. Super greasy. Super oniony. Super good. Super duper.
(For the one on the Venetian side, not Pallazzo) . . I love Grand Lux Cafe! [the sister restaurant to The Cheesecake Factory.] It is definitely a must go whenever i'm in Vegas. . . I've always experienced great service every time I've eaten here and don't expect anything less than the friendly and attentive wait staff. This is a great place to go for delicious affordable food and nice atmosphere at any time of the day. -- They're open 24/7! . . The burgers are absolutely delicious and are HUGE! I always cut them in half and end up eating the second half later on. They also have yummy pasta dishes and soup and sandwich combos. My favorite thing that i ordered was the spicy crispy chicken burger; just the right amount of spice with all the right toppings and served with their tasty french fries! . . I definitely recommend checking this restaurant out whether you're looking for a place for lunch after shopping and walking the strip or a place for dinner before a night on the town!
This place was great.  We discovered it on accident and were very pleased.  Everything in vegas is so expensive and it was nice to find a place with good quality food and great service that we didn't have to spend an arm and a leg on.  The server was very friendly and checked on us often.  She told us the restaurant is owned by the cheesecake factory and to expect big cheesecake factory portions.  We both had burgers, the were gigantic and they tasted great.  I plan to vist the grand lux every time I go to vegas
Fabulous! One of our favorite dining spots in Vegas this past weekend.. . The place was packed for lunch on a Friday noon, but service was *snap snap* QUICK and food was in HUGE portions. And delicious. For appetizers, we ordered these deep fried potato egg rolls (~$9), smothered in cheddar cheese and bacon pieces. With a side of sour cream. I wanted to die, each bite was filled with potato-ey, cheesy, crunchy goodness. . . Hubby ordered the shrimp scampi ($20) and I got the Sunday night pasta (~$16). We only ate about a quarter of it before getting filled up. . . Like I mentioned, the service was impeccable and seating was quick. Total win-win for Vegas at rush hour. This will be our new go-to lunch place! Or maybe even dinner...
I went to the Grand Lux cafe twice in one weekend. . it was really good- solidly good, no matter what we ordered!. . The atmosphere is nice, outside or inside.. The service is great! . Their free bread is amazing.. . They have a very broad selection of dishes, even on their late night menu!
Stayed at the Venetian and absolutely loved this place I heard it is owned by cheesecake factory and I really do not like cheesecake factory at all, this place however is awesome all 3 times I went the food was fresh and hot and delicious tried the pizza mmmmm fish and chips yumm and fries with blt definitely wish there was one of these in LA
Everything that I have tried on the menu so far is really good. I'm definitely a big fan of their appetizers. The spinach and artichoke dip, edamame and calamari salad. . . Service is always great, and they always serve bread and butter. But I ask for jams with my bread. . . There are only two Grand Lux Cafe in town both in the Sands Properties, Venetian and Palazzo. The Palazzo location closes at 3 a.m. and the Venetian has the 24 hour one.. . Best place to stop by if you're fiending for good food after clubbing at Tao or Lavo.
Love the pasta dishes!
My wife and I love the large portions, great service and nice variety of foods.  They have a great pasta dish that I now can't remember the name of, but it has a variety of meats and is awesome.
We stayed at the Venetian and discovered this hidden jewel a little too late in our stay :( it was so good!!!!. . For the price, the portions are huge and the food was great. Service was amazing as well. Attentive and friendly. However, we got a too friendly waitress once and her accent was really heavy, my sisters and I nicknamed her Helga since she didn't tell us her name.... . Their fresh bread basket is amazing, it's not just bread, it's freakin AMAZING bread. their salads are HUGE, the pasta salad combos are a great deal and the omlettes,...make sure you are hungry when you order that baby. . . the atmosphere is welcoming and perfect for a quick eat after a night out or marathon gambling. Dont want to dine in? they also have a cafe outside for a quick to-go kinda thing.
Oddly enough I'm by no means a fan of the Cheesecake Factory, but with the same people behind it I remained sketchy about eating here. However, after the breakfast I consumed here I just maybe have found a change of heart.. . I had a baja omelette I think it was called. It had loads of sour cream, veggies, and really felt like I was chowing down on a fajita, but without the meat. My wife had chilaquiles which was certainly the best I have tasted and had a perfect blend of kick, but not overpowering. . . We went early morning so it certainly helped with the wait time as we got seated instantly. When we finished with our meal there was a giant line, but I think there was a huge party that was the root cause of that. Our waiter was amazing and very cordial during the entire meal which created an uplifting mood. . . I still get tripped out by saying (in the style of Arnold) "I'll be back"
Love this place! I ordered the fish last time and it was pretty good. I've been here a few times and ordered the pasta the time before and that was pretty good also! Lunch special deals are pretty good and definitely filling. I hear the chicken sandwich is really good.
Great food, open 24 hours and the place is very clean.
Unbelievable Shrimp Scampi!  Everyone in our party of 6 are raving about the food. Service is friendly and very good.  Worth the time and the money. Get dessert!
It'll be open after your night of dancing at Tao which is probably its biggest bonus, meaning you're not going have your girl walking down the sidewalk to Denny's on her bare feet because the stupid uncomfortable heels she wore made her feet hurt.. . A cheese cake factory by any other name is still a cheese cake factory.
I forgot how much I LOVED this place until I came back to eat here on a recent Vegas trip!  Grand Lux Cafe is located inside the Venetian on the Casino floor near the guest elevators.. . PROS:. -  Located inside the Venetian.  That's a pro in my book since no matter where I stay in Vegas, I always end up somewhere near the Venetian.. -  Place is open late!!  Is this place 24 hours?  I'm not sure, but I love the fact that you can go clubbing and come here afterwards.. -  Service is fantastic!  We got our food efficiently, everything came out for our group together, and she was attentive.. -  Food quality is just delicious!  I got their Chicken Carbonara and it was so creamy.  Bacon bits in there were thick and juicy.  I could have licked the whole plate clean.  Bread they give you was also fluffy and chewy.  Yum!! . -  Ambiance is beautiful!  It's like Cheesecake Factory but a notch fancier.. -  There is so much variety with food selection, so this is perfect for if you are in Vegas with a group.  Everybody can find SOMETHING to order on the menu.. . CONS:. I have none!  That's why this place is getting all 5 stars from me ;)
MY NEW ABSOLUTE FAVORITE CHICKEN WINGS. In all certainty.. . Slightly crispy, piping hot, yet with a spicy/sour/sweet/sticky sauce over the top that is absolutely great.. . Also tried the chicken sandwich and BBQ bacon burger -- everything was delicious.. . Favorite late night food spot in Vegas fo shoooo!
My absolute favorite place to eat EVER! I always tell my parents to take me here on my birthday or any other special occasions. The virgin pina colada is delicious! I think its the best drink i've ever had in my life.We always get the buffalo chicken rolls. Its my favorite thing on the menu! Yum! I also love the shrimp scampi! And i've tried a few other things from the menu but dont remember the names. They were all delicious!
I've only tried one dish here, but it's the best I've had of its kind. . . BEST CHICKEN & WAFFLES EVER!. . I once ate this wonderful dish 5 times in one weekend. It's that good!
Great dinning in Las Vegas.. Yes, its true its like a better version of the Cheesecake Factory, only you only have to wait 5 minutes for a table.. I have had the Chicken Madiera, Pasta Cabonara and many other dishes here. The portions are very large and the food is wonderful. . I only wish I had room after eating the dinner to try dessert.. I try and eat here everytime I come to Vegas, it really is that good.
Prices were good, big portions, and a menu similar to Cheescake Factory with the addition of a breakfast menu.  Not super high end, but great all around menu pleaser, nice decor, and good place to hit.  Brian C. was our server and very helpful.  INDEED, Brian found me outside the restaurant after we left to return my expensive jawbone ear peace I left at the table.  Great service and they deserve a thumbs up!
I returned this past weekend with my bff and this place was great again!  We rolled in about 2am.  I had the chicken flautas, my friend had their rustic veggie pizza.  We loved both dishes and they were so big, definitely big enough for sharing.  Prices are great (most dishes between $10-$12) and the food is so good you will want to go back to try new things!  Instead of hitting buffets or Denny's after a late night or daytime after the pool, try this place. ;-)
I love this place.  I think they're open 24/7 but I'm not positive, although I did eat here around 4am.  . . Service is extraordinary and the menu is extensive.  They have a great variety, almost like a Cheesecake Factory kind of menu.. . I ordered the Calyptso Mojito and it was the most refreshing and amazing mojito.  Also, ordered the Duck Potsticker and the Pasta with Chicken, Sun dried tomatoes, and mushroom.  Everything was delicious and fit for a late night dinner.
I was here 3 times this stay. The service was great all 3 times. The place looks great and is easy on the eyes. And the food, very good!!!. . I had the Maui Ribeye with my first order. I asked for a medium cooked, but came out to be almost well done. I sliced the steak in half and showed my waitress and she insisted that she makes me a new one. A few minutes later, the chef came out with a new steak and apologized. He gave me a plate of mashed potato and suggested I try it. The steak was sweet and flavorful with their marinated sauce, the mash was magnificent. The order was so good I came back a second night and had the exact same order. . . I was just here again today and was in the mood for some pasta. I couldn't decide between the spaghetti with clams or the pasta with jumbo shrimps. My waiter said it was a tough choice but did end up recommended the jumbo shrimps with the marinara sauce. And again, great service and recommendation. The pasta was phenomenal.. m... m.....
The food was greater than I expected! I had the chicken tortilla soup and tried my boyfriend's clam chowder. Both so delish! There was no wait when we went in around noonish. I ordered the Sunday Night Pasta and it was good! We definitely didn't expect to get full so fast, so we had to box 2/3 of our entrees home. This place is in the Venetian. I never wanted to try this place just because the one in LA had really bad ratings, but for sure I really only go to the Grand Lux Cafe in LV.
i usually only come here after getting fucked up at tao or lavo...but ive been here sober so it's safe to say its pretty good here mans...i usually get the same shiet but ive picked off food of my table buddies and i cant complain about anything here really mans...it seems as if im always drunk after reviewing my own reviews...buyt i promise you i am not.... . oh and all the waiters and waitresses seem to have a pretty good attitude...if i were them...seeing all these drunk hoodrats with no ass and guys with no swag...id be a bitch...but they all seem to have patience...esspecially the one time i was so drunk i accidentaly dropped a plate and it broke into a million pieces and caused a loud commotion.... . ooo the fried chicken and waffles are good too...ok so all you people in vegas come stop by to sober up
I came here after work with a coworker; we had to wait about ten minutes for a table, which was better than I'd expected. The service was great, the food was so unbelievably reasonably priced for the strip (we spent $62 total and we ordered 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts). The food was delicious as well; try the lettuce wraps!!
Ok, this place is just really awesome.  Open 24 hours a day?  The most convenient thing ever especially in Vegas.. . Eating food after a night in the club is a definite must to let all the alcohol sink in.  The food here was absolutely amazing too.  Or was it only amazing because I was drunk?  No, it really was amazing.  Since I stayed at the Palazzo, I was reasonably close, and came here to eat for a meal for like 3 days in a row, and it was always delicious!  Meals also come with complimentary bread and butter..the bread was always warm, and very soft in the center. Yum.. . A few things that I tried...and loved. . Shrimp Scampi Pasta $20. . This came with HUGE pieces of shrimp and the pasta was extremely tasty..the cream in the pasta was not too overwhelming and they put in just the right amount so that the pasta was not swimming in pasta sauce.  The serving for this dish was huge..we split it among 3 girls and it was perfect.. . Garlic Shrimp Pasta $19. . Also delicious, but similar to the shrimp scampi pasta...size of shrimp was considerably smaller..also came with fresh heirloom tomatoes, and some asparagus.  Over all, a very delicious meal. . . Chicken and Avocado Salad lunch portion $12. . Vegetables were super fresh, the dressing that came on the side was very tasty, and serving for extremely large.  A healthy meal to counter all the alcohol that was consumed the night before.. . The only downside of this restaurant would be the fact that the wait time for the food was a little bit on the long side, but besides this..it is definite a great place to eat food for any time during the day.
I was aware that this restaurant was part of the Cheesecake Factory but oh wow.. was the menu extensive. So extensive I got overwhelmed but nonetheless ordered from the lunch menu.. .  My sister and I had the Chicken Jambalaya. I went in with few expectations and not expecting to be impressed. Fortunately, I was. It was delicious. The waitress said that fans of spicy dishes loved this; therefore, I was reluctant to order it but I'm glad I did. However, there was waaay to much rice. . . My brother ordered the Margherita Pizza. I tried a small slice and it was very good. . . Dad had one of their burgers, I forgot which one. It was HUGE. He had to eat it with a fork and knife but loved it. . . Mom enjoyed her Chop House Salad. However, it was too big for her to finish.
I dined at the Grand Lux last night and I was simply blown away. When you walk in and you look around, you automatically (or at least I did) assumed it was the Cheesecake Factory, which, to me was a definite plus.. . The menu is very extensive. For a while, I didn't know what to order because there were so many dishes to choose from. I finally settled on a burger that I can't recall the name of. It was on parmesan cheese toasted bread and it was made to perfection.. . My friend and I also had a few drinks which were great, too!!. . When I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely visit again!!. . Great service, great variety and great hours. What more could you ask for?
I had lunch here on the last day of my vegas trip.. The prices great. menu very similar to cheesecake factory.. Very delicious food and great decor.. Perfectly place to grab a quick lunch on the go.
Every time we go to vegas, we have to go to grand lux. The service is great. The food is good. I always get the chicken royale. The caramelized carrots are amazing. The chocolate chip cookies are yummy. You have to go to grand lux when in vegas or in beverly hills. Its a sister restaurant with Cheesecake factory, fyi. O, and they're opened 24 hours.
My FAVORITE Grand Lux Cafe is the one inside Palazzo.  It's open LATE and the food is amazingly good for a casual chain restaurant.  Some of my favorites:  spicy calamari salad, shrimp scampi, miso glazed salmon, and caramel chicken.  Desserts are great too - can't go wrong with a batch of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies or the beignets with 3 sauces.  It's definitely worth the money.
You see that "R" by my name? I'm a regular here and I don't even live in Vegas. That's how much I've been here. Oh, do I miss the 7am breakfast after a long night... and I just got back from Vegas a few days ago. This was the closer of the night/morning. After a grueling night with the City of Sin, we, along with many others, find ourselves here at the Grand Lux Cafe. I think I've been here 4 times in 3 days. . . The food is surprisingly very good! I ordered the pizza lunch special on my first visit and loved it. It didn't get me stuffed but I was full and content. Better than eating a buffet, where I always over eat and feel like crap come dinner time. Came back the next morning... or some would call it... a few hours later and had the "healthy breakfast" which consisted of chicken breast, egg whites and some veggies. I did not expect it to be good, and it wasn't but it wasn't bad either... it was healthy (understandable). . . Had a legit breakfast here (like actually waking up in the morning and coming here). The breakfast buffet was excellent! The selection was very limited but the items that they have were all great. The hash browns were cooked to perfection, not burnt but not undercooked. The omelets were great too. . . Lastly, had one last breakfast, this time it wasn't legit (due to the fact that there was no sleep prior to this breakfast) Don't know what I ordered, could be my lack of memory, or we can just blame it on the night. . . Now to the service. It was excellent every time we were there (and I remembered). I must say though, our waitress for breakfast was absolutely wonderful. Definition of great customer service! If i knew her name I'd let you guys know... but the entire staff at the Grand Lux is amazing. Great service!
Love this place! Went to the one @ Venetian for Chicken & Waffles after the club. Then again for breakfast. I recommend the red velvet pancakes, mocha & eggs benedict.
If you are looking to win big in Vegas this is your place. I eat here every time I'm in vegas and I order the same thing: pasta with chicken, sun dried tomatoes, and buffalo mozzarella. . . Other highlights:. . Open 24 hours. Large portions. Good for large groups. Usually a very little wait time
I had to plan a bachelor party dinner for a group of 25 so I had to find two places (one for each night) that would accommodate such a group without any hassle.  Grand Lux sat us in their back room which was a really nice atmosphere and they dedicated 3 servers to us, which was a big plus!  So many times restaurants will only commit one server to a large group which only leads to delays and dissatisfaction.. . If you have to plan a large group dinner, I highly recommend Grand Lux Cafe.  The food is amazing, the prices are extremely reasonable, and they don't require any of that deposit/contract nonsense when you try to book for a large group.  Plus they are open 24 hours a day so you can book for whatever time of the day.
Crisanto was the best waiter I have ever had in my life! I would come back simply for him! He was more than helpful and superb at his job! It is owned by Cheesecake Factory so I was already expecting great tasting food! BUT oh my goodness was the food good! My boyfriend and I got the fried calamari for an appetizer which was soooooo good! huge portions too! I ordered a Santa Barbara Chicken Sandwich and my beau ordered the Modern Cuban Sandwich! BOTH TASTED HEAVENLY! Modern Cuban is a must! Overall I would come back here before anywhere, and if Crisanto is my waiter! :)
Great place to eat, drink, & relax!!!!!! Always great service, so many drinks to try, and tons of food to choose from on their menu!
UHM OH MY GAHD.. . BEST. HAMBURGER. MELT. I. HAVE. EVER. TASTED. IN. MY. LIFE!!!. . It was sooooo fackin' good! It's a toasted with a Parmesan bun, with melted cheese, caramelized onions, and Thousand Island dressing. I want some now too. OOH! So good.. . I asked the waiter to have them make it well done..a couple of bites in, I notice that it was still PRETTY pink inside. I let him know, and he gave me a brand new one....MORE FOR ME :D . . Their ranch was also perfection. Very nice staff..good delicious food..I MUST come back for more!
I've had a couple of meals at the Grand Lux Cafe (on both the Venetian side and the Palazzo side) and have been VERY impressed with how quickly they move the patrons in and out of the restaurant so you are not waiting in line very long ... but you never feel rushed while you are eating.. . In my last experience, my waiter went above and beyond. Since I choose to eat gluten-free, I ordered an egg-white omelet and asked if I could substitute the toast for fresh fruit. He said I could substitute the fruit for hash browns, but not for the toast. So I passed on the toast, but did order the hash browns. It took longer than I expected for eggs (it was about 30 minutes) and he came back to my table just before my food came out and said "I'm so sorry for the delay in your food, but I wanted to talk to the chef before putting in your order to make sure the hash browns were ok for you ... just to make sure we didn't put bread or anything in them, because I know they're not just plain potatoes.". . I was SO impressed that he made that effort!. . While I was waiting for my food, I was watching the efficient wait staff bus and reset tables. As the man was resetting the table next to me for the next guest, he was putting out the side/bread plates and I noticed a piece of paper on one of the plates (like a receipt or washing instructions from a new box of china). I wondered if he would notice and as soon as he finished - he took one last look at the table, saw the paper, looked at it as if to say "what is that?" and not only removed the paper but also replaced the plate with a clean plate.. . What attention to detail! I have been VERY impressed with Grand Lux in every dining experience. Kudos!
I'm only a fan because after having walked around for about an hour, famished and cursing like heathen pagans for blindly assuming restaurants don't close in Vegas, this place was God sent when we saw it was open. Our order was taken as promptly as we had been seated and our food arrived just as quick.. . Unfortunately, and this is a trait I hate about myself, a trait I consider a flaw of magnanimous proportions: no matter how hungry, I'm still picky with food.. . I can't believe this place is compared to Cheesecake Factory. I understand maybe in architecture it rivals but at least with Cheesecake Factory and their giant menu, it was guaranteed that 4/5 things in each category would be appealing. No, this place was more like Elephant Bar. The food sucks, frozen entrees in Safeway could probably prove to be better. I can't complain since it was open 24 hours and I didn't try the entire menu but we ate there twice for the sake of convenience. Once for breakfast and 2 nights before, for dinner. I realize this place was just a hop and skip from Dennys placed on a notch higher simply because of the marble floors and ivory columns. Other than that, not much different: Their breakfast is fucking amazing and that's clearly their forte despite having 100+ options, much like Dennys.. . Service was phenomenal though :) can't complain there.. . Oh and prepare for your heart to sink to your toes since some of the meals you want are only served up to a certain time
Oh Grand Luxe, how much do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:. . 1) You are open 24-7.. 2) CARAMEL CHICKEN is the perfect cure for anything I have to recover from in Vegas.. 3) Red velvet cake is the most luscious dessert to mend a broken heart.. 4) Staff is efficient and service is quick.. 5) Appetizer and starters  are as big as dinner serving.. 6) You always have lots of room for everyone.. 7) Full service bar.. 8) I can get seated even when I am in sleep clothes.  Purely by accident of course.. 9) Friendly and understanding staff. 10) It is located in Venetian, which is my favourite hotel!. . There you go.  Come hungry and you will not be disappointed!
I am not usually into chain restaurants like this during trips.  I actually go here for breakfast and late night dining every-time I am in Vegas. Service is good. Hope they keep up the good work.
I LOVE The Grand Lux Cafe. I think that it is, HANDS DOWN better than the Cheesecake Factory. . . I didn't know there was a Grand Lux at this hotel but luckily my best friend spotted it on our way to our room. . . Naturally, after driving to Vegas (we were only coming from Los Angeles) we were hungry and thrilled to had found a Grand Lux.. . All the food was as delicious here as it is at the location in Los Angeles.. . Our waiter was friendly. He didn't seem to have very much personalities, he seemed like one those waiters who wanted to keep the dignity of the place. The decor is as if its such a fancy place, and he acted as if he knew he worked for a GRAND establishment and he was keeping up the proper persona. Nevertheless, he was very friendly and listened properly to our order.. . I'll be back Grand Lux, I love you!. . (btw we ordered the same thing we always do - the breakfast sandwich)
A dream come true for night owls.  High quality food served all night for a decent price in a vary posh setting.  The service was great too.  Our server, a real sweetie, gave us lots of attention and the manager stopped by to help us figure out what to order off the excellent and creative menu. They are open till 6 in the morn', so no need to settle for some greasy diner.  Perfect score!
It's 4am and you just left XS, drunk, giggly, confused, tired...but most of all hungry. We tried to go to the GLC in the Palazzo but it was closed!! So we ventured to the one in the Venetian that is 24/7.. . Valerie G. and I were craving some carbs, so we decided to share the "Pasta With Grilled Chicken, Tomato, Basil & Mozzarella". I'm sooo glad we shared because the portion size is gigantic. We don't remember much (in fact it took about 10 minutes for us to correctly remember what we ordered) but what we do remember is that the pasta was amazing and totally hit the spot. Also the waitress was super nice and non-judging. Definitely a great (and possibly only) place to get some late night food especially after a night of BUR and pineapples...;)
The food was fantastic... The only thing better than my Asian Nachos was Julian, our server. I will come back and make sure to be seated in his section. 5 Stars
Definitely get the Pasta with Chicken, Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella dish. It was so flavorful and light at the same time. Pasta lovers what a delight! . . My fiance got the Caramel Chicken dish. This was his favorite until he tried mine :)
The Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian is amazing!!! The vibe of the place is really inviting and artistic. The service was really good and friendly. The sour dough bread with vinegar and olive oil is a great appetizer to start off with and it's free. This place is owned by Cheesecake Factory, but it's a step up in quality and price. . . Positives: . The appetizers are just as good as an entree lol . We had some shrimp and fried calamari. The fried calamari came in a huge portion and it really filled us up. We didn't even finish it. . . The entree that I had was Fish and Chips. I know that you can never go wrong with Fish and Chips, and I was right about the quality of it. It was 4 nice big pieces of Alaskan Cod with fresh hot fries. Their Buffalo Wing Chicken wrap is good too. . . Negatives:. It did take quite a bit of time for our food to come, but they did come at one time. My brother's filet mignon was kinda well done rather than medium like he wanted, but they did offer to take it back and re-do it but we were in a hurry. The price is what it is in terms of a fancy restaurant, but hey, it's Vegas and you want to eat like kings. . . Aside from the negatives, I still give this place 5 stars for the quality and service. We were never left in the dark in terms of needing service from our waiter. There are only 3 Grand Lux Cafes in the country, so they do have good standards and quality.
This is a sister restaurant to Cheesecake Factory so the menu is pretty much the same.I've been coming here for years. We would drive in at 11pm and head straight over for a great late dinner. We love the service here, although the last time I was here they sat us in the patio... wrong move. It's in the casino so, smokers keep walking by and it's more noisy. No patio seating unless you want to people watch and don't mind the smoke. If you're there for Brunch get the Blood Orange Mimosa, Peach Bellini,  and the Brioche French Toast with strawberries... YUMMY!! We love the Chicken Enchiladas and The Crispy Carmel Chicken is my hands down favorite although, it doesn't taste anything like Carmel. Sweet & spicy crispy chicken would be a better name. The Pasta with Chicken, Sun-dried Tomatoes and Mushrooms is also very good.
We ate here 4 times during our most recent Venetian stay.  Everything was great:  Cobb salad had fresh chunks of chicken, the chicken salad was excellent, service was good.....reasonable prices.  They're owned by Cheesecake Factory so it's that style of experience.
I love this place. It's 24 hours with great food and good service. I love the seared ahi appetizer and the volcano shrimp
Best food on The Strip. And the bartenders? Fabulous.. . After a corporate dinner at Sushi Samba and drinking, er, a few, everyone started gambling in the casino and I wanted a burger. Grand Lux was the closest restaurant, and thank the food gods it was-they have the best. burgers. EVER.. . At one in the morning I had the mushroom burger, and it was amazing. Came back 16 hours later and had the mushroom burger again (this time with a salad instead of fries-aren't you proud of me?) Came back again the next night for dinner and had the bacon cheddar burger. Outstanding. . . The fish tacos were also stellar, and my husband loved his avocado burger. Drinks were amazing too-I recommend the caramel apple and chocolate martinis. They are worth the splurge, trust me.. . Menu is huge and would have loved to try their brunch, but couldn't make it a 4th time with our flight. . . When I come back to Vegas, guess where I'll go?
I love to eat here. The place looks good and they give good portions. I wish they would bring back the Chicken Venetian dish it was my favorite. You got to watch out that they include the tip in the bill sometimes. There shrimp scampi is yummy.
Came here for a late breakfast/early lunch and was thoroughly impressed. This place is HUGE! So many cavernous twists and turns once you actually enter, so don't let any line outside discourage you.. . They have a ~16 dollar breakfast buffet, filled with standards such as omelets, bagels, jams, breakfast meats, etc.., but I had the lunch offerings. The Modern Cuban sandwich looked appetizing, so I ordered it and GOOD LORD it was huge, just like everything else in Vegas, except me if you get my drift : ( . AND THAT WAS THE LUNCH PORTION!. The flavor was out of this world, too. Prosciutto, roast pork, Swiss cheese, and a sort of jalapeno mayo sauce made this sandwich delicious. My only complaint is that it was way too greasy, but luckily the flavor more than compensated. The fries served alongside it were pleasant as well - crispy and not too salty.. . My girlfriend had the lunch portion of some sort of Asian-inspired salad, topped with crunchy noodles and peanuts. I must say, I am afraid to know how big the "dinner" portion is... The salad was fresh-tasting, probably owing to the cilantro, and had good textural contrasts between the soft leaves and the crunchy noodles and peanuts.. . Another complaint besides overly-greasy sandwich is a general complaint I've noticed of Vegas eateries: overpriced juice drinks. You can get a sandwich that will feed a multi-generational south Vietnamese family for a fortnight for less than a nice T-shirt, but a small glass of fresh-squeezed juice will run you almost $6. Oh well. . FOOD'S STILL GOOD GIT'R DONE.
You can tell me I suck for loving the Grand Lux Cafe, but I don't care! Judge me all you want, my feelings will not change despite your negative stares and belittling words. I am a devoted follower! While staying at the Venetian this restaurant became my favorite stop every single day. Like Vegas, it's open 24 hours a day so whether it's breakfast, lunch, dinner or you're completely sloshed at 3 am, the Grand Lux will be there welcoming you with open arms. . . If you've never been to the Grand Lux it is essentially an upgraded Cheesecake Factory with a slightly different menu. Same 471 page food and drink menu which takes a good 30 minutes to read through. My favorite thing to order is the pot roast with mashed potatoes as I like to pretend that June Cleaver is my mother and she's whipped me up a beautiful meal. . . My last memory of the Grand Lux Cafe is actually the inability to remember eating there. I woke up in my hotel room after a crazy night of clubbing for my friend's bachelorette party and groaned out loud: . . Me: "I'm soooo hungry! When are we going eat?". My girlfriend: "How can you be so hungry? You ate so much at Grand Lux!" . Me: "We didn't eat at Grand Lux Cafe last night." . My girlfriend: "Uh yes we did, you had two strawberry waffles and a pot roast." . Me: "What?! And I don't remember a thing!" (Slaps hand to forehead). Me: "Want to go there again for breakfast?". My girlfriend: (Slaps hand to forehead). . Yelp 365 Challenge: #173/365 (The Forgotten Meal)
Love, love, LOVE this place. Great waiters, nice place to eat, and AMAZING food. . . Recommendations for the Venetian location:. Calamari: to this day, still hands down the best calamari I've ever had. . Spaghettini + Clams dish: really really good! Simple ingredients, amazing flavor. . Vegetable Pizza: yummy yummy in my tummy!. . Only "Con". They don't serve the molten chocolate cake here! . . CHOICE: Venetian or Palazzo?. The Palazzo location has a better dessert selection, but the overall food quality and portions are better at the Venetian. Go to the Venetian unless you desperately need to have that molten chocolate cake :)
Seriously delish! The waiters are super friendly and fast. The food was yummy and fresh and it's owned by the same people that own The Cheesecake Factory so you know the menu is huge!  The cheeseburger I had was cooked to perfection and the fries were killer. We ordered several drinks for the table and I can say without a doubt that their alcoholic mixed drinks are all delicious but the Limoncello Lemonade is sooo good! It was a nice ambiance overall and the perfect setting for my best friend's 31st birthday party.. . The only con that I had was that the cupcakes on the "Build your own cupcake" menu are all chocolate. It would be nice if they had a vanilla option too.
One time when we stayed in Vegas for 5 days, we ate at the Grand Lux 4 times.  Yes, it's that good.  Not only is the food scrumptious, but the menu is as large as the average American.  It's causal, flexible, and you can have whatever you like, however you like it, whenever you like it.  Poached eggs and a burger at 2AM?  The Grand Lux can make it happen.. . The food at the Venetian location tastes noticeably better.  We had the Manhattan salad here once and the shrimp came juicy and grilled (which wasn't the case at the Palazzo location). My recommendations include the sliders, the miso salmon, the grilled veggie pizza, Chipotle avocado burger, the spaghettini with clams, and the calamari.  The calamari merits its own sentence--we're talking squid, rock shrimp (think mini shrimp tempura), zucchinis, and onions.  For the price, it's basically the best calamari you'll ever get.. . Now, the Palazzo location has better desserts (the dessert menu is almost entirely different).  I highly recommend the molten chocolate cake (see my pictures and you'll know what I mean).  The Palazzo location, at least during the afternoon, also had a smaller menu listing mini appetizers (around $5 or so).  We tried the haystack which was similar to the regular calamari appetizer, but stripped of the seafood--just onion strings and zucchini slices.  The result? A vegetarian delight and now one of my new favorite fried appetizers to get!  We went to the Venetian Grand Lux the next day hoping to order the same thing, but alas, no mini appetizers there.
I ate the Grand Lux Cafe located in the Venetian for brunch awhile ago and thought it deserved a good review. I was there with a group of about 15 people and the service was excellent, even though we had a large party they were quick to keep us entertained while getting our food out promptly. I ordered the Seared Ahi Salad and it was amazing! I don't recall what everyone else ordered, but there we no complaints about the food! I shared an oreo cheesecake type of desert with a friend and that was wonderful as well! Our waiter was the nicest guy. He thought one of the girls that was with us was cute, he brought her out a cute little dessert with some strawberries. Definitely plan on eating here again!
This isn't your average all night place in the hotel that serves marginalfood. I came here twice, once around 6:00ish to catch a bball game, have a beer or two and eat a snack. My friend was not coming in until later and I could not wait. I sat at the bar and Raven is a banging bartender. Super nice and friendly. She hails from Madison, WI. They only have Sierra Nevada, Stella and some other beer on tap. I had 2 Stellas. I ordered the buffalo wings and they came out quickly. The manager brought them out and you could tell he was customer service oriented. He asked me, "Is there anything else I can get for you?" The wings were not enough so I ordered the clam chowder w/ bacon and sourdough bread. The soup was poured where I was sitting and it was delicious. Creamy, not too much potatoes and you could see the clams and taste the bacon. I noticed other dishes coming out and they looked hearty. My bill came to $36 which was fine by me.. . The restaurant seemed like it was for everybody. They had tables and stools in addition to being able to sit at the bar. You had a mix of 8 people sitting at a table, another guy at the 4 seat stool table on his computer to regular seating in the dining room. The full menu is available in the bar also.. . At 3 in the morning after LAVO only the late night menu is available. I had the cuban sandwich, my friend had eggs and bacon and the girls had a salad (one is a vegetarian) and the other one had sliders. The bill came to only $67 including 4 non-alcohlic drinks.. . I sat on the corner of the bar and noticed that all the servers were pretty cool and that they seemed to like their jobs. The foregoing is essential for good service. I will definitely come back here when I have the pleasure of staying at the Venetian.
I had the best sandwich of my life here! The beef short rib grilled cheese was out.of.this.world.period!
Grand Lux  is one of the best 24 Hr. spots in Vegas.  The menu items and ambiance are really similar to the cheesecake factory, so you'll feel right at home if you are a fan of the factory!  . . I had lunch here with some girlfriends before my bachelorettte party festivities started.  I love that our server was so responsive and friendly.  I also LOVED that there are so many different options on the menu from cheap to really expensive.  I always think it's really important to have a variety of prices with such a large group.. . Pros:. -Great food. -Open 24 Hours. -Wide array of pricing. -Yummy cocktails. -REALLY nice servers. . Cons:. -Wait can be long late night (depending on when everyone leaves clubs)
Every time I come back to the Grand Lux I get better customer service and pretty yummy food!!!. . I had to update my review because of the great customer service I received today, plus that the waitress that previously served me and my boyfriend the other day held onto my debit card that I totally forgot about on the table...the funny part was that I didn't even realize my debit card was missing until she asked if anyone of us had lost our debit card after she acknowledged that she remembered us from the previous day.
We stopped in after a long flight with a large group and didn't have to wait long, although it was 3:00 in the afternoon. Regardless, all of our dishes came out in an appropriate amount of time and were well cooked. Our waitress was attentive and kind and made sure our drinks were always full. We were pleasantly surprised by the median prices, Vegas can be quite extravagant, and the pleasant atmosphere. I will definitely be returning in the future, especially since they are open all night.
This place is absolutely stunning.  The inside is an what I can only describe as an exact replica of Cheesecake Factory.  I told this to my friends as soon as we were seated.  And it turns out, that I guess this place is a chain since it sells trademarked Cheesecake Factory Cheesecake.  Once I figured this out, I knew the portions were going to be HUGE!  . . I ordered the parmasean crusted chicken.  After we ordered, we were given very fluffy and warm bread. We killed the first bread almost immediately.  Then I needed to use the restroom.  I hate how a lot of restaurants in Vegas have their restrooms outside and not inside.  It isn't convenient at all.  . . It took awhile for our food to come out.  We were hungry so we asked for another loaf of bread.  Yum, still warm and fluffy as ever.  Finally the food comes, and the presentation looks amazing.  The chicken was breaded very nicely and the edge was crispy as hell.  The inside was juicy too.  Although I thought the spaghetti that came with it tasted very bland in the beginning, I realized it worked really well with the parmasean chicken.  . . Eating regular meals in Vegas is so hard, especially for a gambler like me.  It's nice to sit down at a nice restaurant and have a hardy meal.
Perfect place for a good bite after a long night!. . Drinks are good food is always good and fresh, yes it's identical to cheesecake factory and who doesn't love that!. . Had a delishh pizza with wild mushrooms and asparagus with their house salad which was delightful!
Amazing food and affordable!!!
What's so awesome about the Venetian and Palazzo towers is that they each have a Grand Lux Cafe.  Best idea ever!  This place is always crackin'!  Why? Because if you don't know what to eat, then this is your best choice.  They have an extensive menu, just like the one you would find at a Cheesecake Factory, but even bigger!  I love how you have options in every category of cuisine, and know that you will find something to your taste with the confidence that it will taste good.   And if it doesn't, you can always count on their endless list of small plates and appetizers, and their super yummy warm bread available in both white and wheat!. . When I come here I usually order a salad because their huge and it gives me the opportunity to eat about 3 baskets of bread.  I would have to admit that I actually come here for the bread.  But their lettuce wraps, egg rolls, and their Ahi Tuna Salad are some of my other regular orders because their good too.  But if you need to load up on some good carbs, and you love butter, come hither to Grand Lux to rid of your hangover after the nightlife on this strip because this joint will be definitely open and ready to serve!. . Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (56/365).
This place has great food and reasonable prices for vegas.  I had the Salmon 3 ways and they were all delicious.  I really don't have any complaints about the place.  The decor inside was pretty cool as well.  My friend comes here more regularly and says the mini pizzas are also great.  I would have probably paid twice as much for the same quality of food at other restaurants in casinos on the strip.  This place also has something for everyone with quite an extensive menu.  The service was friendly.  Good stuff.. . I came back the next time in Vegas and got the salisbury steak special.  Again- It was amazing.  Out of all the places I ate at over the weekend with my girl- this was our favorite by far.  Check this place out!!!!
This is the best place to get some great food on the strip and it doesn't cost an ARM and a leg. They have a great selection onthe menu. My favorite is the Sunday Night Pasta. It's freakin awesome. The portions are generous which is another plus.
We went to the Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian Resort to eat, I was looking for some really good GLUTEN FREE food.  Chef Craig Walter came out to visit with me and gave me some really good options.  I ended up ordering some huge prawns and veggies on a skewer that were on a bed of lemon/parsley rice.  Talk about yummy!  I couldn't even eat it all!.  Everyone wanted what I had ordered.  Chef Craig came out again to see if I enjoyed my food and I raved about it.  The restaurant was busy and he still took time to visit with me and fix me a special meal.  Beautiful restaurant!
Yummy
Great food for a good price. Shrimp scampi pasta was delicious!
LOVE when good food is open late.. . I came here after marquee, YEARNING for some food. The long wait for our food to come made me very very very very cranky. The bread they gave did not suffice.. . But the sundried tomato penne def was worth that wait. It is very garlicky, so any vegas hookup should come BEFORE eating this. There was so much flavor that I left no morsel uneaten. I nibbled off everyone else's other dish (shrimp scampi, the sandwiches, the burgers, etc), and nothing compared to my dish. WIN!
There is a lot of reasons why this place is a 5 but Ill give you the big ones. 1) Its open 24/7  2) Biggest menu I know of 3) Food quality is always consistent . Even at 3am. . App Jalapeno cornbread . . Main Sunday night pasta . . Dess  Warm sticky bun bread pudding. . Best 24 hour spot in Vegas
Starving for some breakfast, we came here instead of Canyon Ranch Cafe because there was no wait.  I'm not sure which is better, but the food here was amazing, so I think we made a good choice.. . Atmosphere:  Beautiful cafe in the Venetian hotel, we sat in the outside patio area and people watched while we ate.  The customers are the usual eclectic Vegas mix of business people,  groups of friends, and couples.  We enjoyed watching people hurry by with rolling suitcases while others are wearing shorts and t-shirts while drinking beers and giant margaritas.. . Service:  Quick, attentive, and on point.  We got our food quickly and our waters were refilled often.  . . Food:. Huevos Rancheros:  I'd say this is the best I've had, it was flavorful, tasty, and the portion size was huge!  The eggs were cooked perfectly and the potatoes were seasoned so well.  . . I can't remember what my bf got, but it was a vegetable omelette of some sort, he liked it, but liked mine better I think.  . . Overall:  Huevos Rancheros are great here.
Almost every time we go to vegas we eat here and its always great! I always get the chicken picatta and my husbandgets the patty melt burger.... But the best thing is the caesar salad ...you gotta add blackened chicken!
Ain't goingto lie, I love GLC. It has an extensive menu with everything being delicious and huge portions. I had the shrimp scampi pasta and delicious. . It's definitely a fall back if you don't know what to eat and have a picky eater ;)
I cant believe I have not reviewed this place yet. I call the Grand Lux my go-to place. Whenever in vegas and your stumped on where to go this place will have it. And its not that expensive either. Not only is it reasonably priced it has a massive menu and the portions are large. So come hungry. Now he thing that gets this place to my 5 star list is with all those aforementioned the food is good. Not spectacular what would typically take it off my 5 star list, but the fact that your menu is that extensive and you still produce a quality product that can be very good at times will always get you 5 stars. Open 24/7 and as big as a small casino there will always be room. Be prepared to have a long sit time from the waiting service I think they get lost sometimes because this place is huge and they have to cover alot of tables. But most of the time you get very good service.. . Where do we eat today??? 3 hours later your finishing your meal here. Because it took you 3 hours to decide on nothing and you come to your senses and go here.
You know a place is awesome if the salad dressing is served in a gravy boat! With delicious food and extraordinary service, this Grand Lux at the Venetian is also open 24 hours! Note: the one at the Palazzo does close around 2/3 am..(and why do the connected casinos need 2 Grand Lux's on each end again?). . If a breakfast buffet is what you're craving, this Grand Lux lays out a hearty display of hot and cold breakfast items + beverage for a reasonable $16.50 (served until 11 weekdays, 12:30 weekends) . . Though we were here during brunch hours and both the bf and I love breakfast foods, we wanted a filling lunch. I had the Pasta Carbonara lunch combo, and opted for the fresh organic side salad with ranch dressing IN A GRAVY BOAT! I've always been hesitant ordering Pasta Carbonara, afraid the overall taste of the dish will come out too sweet, but Grand Lux did their Pasta Carbonara right! It was so savory.. but not overly salty, and a hint of sweet from the bacon. I was in love with this ginormous entree!. . I've always heard the Grand Lux described as an upgraded Cheesecake Factory, so I was expecting higher prices. Surprisingly, the sister restaurant chains have comparable, if not identical, pricing schemes.. . Service here was top-notch! I don't remember our waitress' name, but she made us feel so comfortable. She came like every 5 minutes, but was the complete opposite from intrusive. She also kept apologizing for the wait (what wait? we didn't even notice that the food was taking longer than usual), and letting us know our food would be out soon. The manager even came to our table on a separate occasion, and apologized more for our food delay. . . There are so many great dining options along the Strip, with Grand Lux being one of them. Though realistically, I will not be eating here every time I visit Vegas, this is now one of spots on the top of my list!
I freakin love this place!! Atmosphere is awesome, service is perfect, and most importantly, the food is phenomenal. I've been here several times and with big groups each time. I've never heard a single complaint about the food from anyone in my groups. Everything on the menu is good - you can't go wrong! Even the bread and butter they start you off with is addicting. I always have to to eat here when I'm in Vegas - it's been set in stone.
CARMEL CHICKEN.  CARMEL CHICKEN.  CARMEL CHICKEN.  Nuff said???. I go to Vegas 4 or 5 times a year.  I've walked to the Venetian from the Luxor; monorailed from MGM; cabbed from the Paris, all to go to the Grand Lux at Venetian. Now, I mostly stay at Pallazzo; but prefer the Lux at the Venetian.  . . I've had the Fish & Chips (very good); the Chicken Enchilladas (wonderful); and their Chicken Madiera (exquisite).  But, I can eat their Carmel Chicken 5 days a week!!!  When staying at the Venetian or Pallazzo, you CAN have $50 steaks, or even $80 lobster at one of their restaurants.  But, you can eat WONDERFUL food for around $20 at the Grand Lux.  To be honest, I've never tried their breakfast.  I get room service, and if YOU do, add a side of their MAPLE BACON.  The Bomb.. . I keep seeing Yelpers talk about their burgers; salads and pastas, but IT'S VEGAS BABY.  Gamble a little with your palette!  When my sister and I celebrated our Birthdays in June, there were 7 of us, and 4 of us had this wonderful chicken!  We'd all had it MANY times before.  At the end of our meal, even though we had ordered deserts to share, they brought my Sister and I EACH a Birthday treat.  It was a dollop of sweet whipped cream with a Phyllo dough "birthday card" lightly cinnamon-sugared.  So if you go in a group, tell them it's someone's birthday (just don't tell them I told you to :)  Then we all shared the Black and White Creme Brulle.  HEAVEN.. . So, whenever I go to Vegas, no matter how many times, I ALWAYS eat 1 or more times at the Grand Lux.  Give it a try.. . (Also, the Venetian food court has a lot to choose from.  When feeling really daring, try the Bacon Cheeze Fries at their grill.  AWESOME.)
I love it here! Every time I'm in Vegas I always end up eating here for several reasons 1) it's open 24 hours 2) great selection of food; from breakfast to late night dinner menus 3) prices are reasonable 4) portions are quite large, 5) great ambiance and 6) of course the food is good!. . If I had to choose I'd prefer this place over Cheesecake factory. They also have a Grand Lux at the Palazzo but I don't think they are open 24 hours. The place is pretty large. You hardly ever have to wait long to get seated. And service has never been a problem.
Nice spin on the usual Cheescake Factory. They did not have as many options of cheesecake as the original Factory does, but they had all the good flavors. I ordered the filet mignon, and it was perfect. The drinks are delicious. The service is very quick. The price is also not too bad (I mean it is Vegas).
Where do i begin! this place, lets just say that in this place i had my first AHA moment in food !! yes, everything is good, and when i say everything i mean it. I went to Vegas last week and i tried this place like 4 times and it never disappointed me! NEVER! I highly recommend the turkey brie sandwich and the trout. You know what, i recommend everything !! and you know whats the catch, the place is soo cheap for the quality of food and atmosphere they offer!!. please if you are in vegas and you happen to go to the Venetian,  please do stop by and send my hellos!
My friend and I stayed in Vegas last weekend and ate here. The waiter was great, the food was great.  We ordered the filet mignon, mashed potatoes and a vege...everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Our waiter was so polite and attentive.  The room was large and evenwith a lot of people talking and eating wasn't too noisy so we could hear ourselves chat.  Very nice restaurant you won't be disappointed.
Welcome to the Cheesecake Factory on steroids, dressed in expensive clothes, wearing $150 cologne, and driving a 2012 BMW 745li.. . My girlfriend and I went to this place numerous times and it's no secret to any of our friends that this is one of our favorite places along the strip.  The food is decently priced, the drinks are expensive (it's the Strip after all), and the menu is ginormous.  . . I've never had a bad dish here.  Seriously.  And I've ordered all sorts of stuff on this menu.  The food portions are not for normal human beings, but for 9 foot tall giants who work out five hours a day.. . If you like martinis then try the Calypso.
Try the pasta telefono!  YUM! . . You get a great basket of bread before dinner with creamy butter. . . Very quick service and reasonable prices on everything.  . . One of the better meals I had in Las Vegas and they are open 24 hours.
Oh Grand Lux how I love thee. . You are always there when I need you to be.. You deal with my drunken habits,.  and your waitresses never look saddened.. "Avocado Omelet!!!" is all I have to say for you to recognize my favorite plate,. from a great place, if you ever need to eat late, late, late.
Super good food open 24 hours?!?!?! Seriously... This is Vegas. I had the Mediterranean Maji Maji and it was sooooo good. i was so sad I didn't have two stomachs and our stupid hotel room didn't have a fridge or a microwave. What a waste. Portions are huge (a la Cheesecake Factory), but I think the taste is way better than CF. Everything is good. My fiance also loved the chicken and waffles last time he came. yum yum yum. Come here any time... breakfast, dinner, drunk, or hangover... it will always suit your needs.
The food here is very good and the portions are very big. If you are with your girlfriends, you can share two dishes to three girls. This place reminds me of a cheesecake factory but more fancy. The prices are very affordable for the portions you get! However, if you have a big group, make sure to call for reservations so that you don't have to wait. We went here this past weekend with a group of 13 girls and there was no wait at all!
They bake you cookies to go with you! How great is that! FRESH BAKED COOKIES!!!. funny part is that this place is known as "cheesecake factorys cousin"
I cant say anything bad about this Cafe, I was in a date two days ago in Las Vegas, and a friend recommended this place for us, it was amazingly great.. Classy Cafe, service was perfect, when i was going in to the place, i thought it is too expensive, but i was surprised when i saw the menu, it wasn't that expensive, the prices were good comparing with the place, i ordered a cheese spinach dip as appetizer, and Cob salad for my date, and rib eye stake sandwich with fries for me, when we got the food, my date said just the appetizer could be enough, because the plates were huge, we couldn't even finish half of the food. Plus the taste was really good.. I have a really nice memories in this place. hope to go back there soon, with the same person ;)
Do I love staying at the Venetian? Yes.. Do I like Cheesecake Factory, Luxe's owners? Yes.. Could it be that I'm biased in favor of Luxe?  Yes.. . Pros. This is definitely a nice place to eat with good food and nice ambiance.  Prices are ok.. . Cons. Wait can be long.. . Should you try this place out if you're in vegas?  Yes, but go during off hours to have the best experience.. . It's next to the escalators and the slot machines near the bathrooms.
Wonderful. Excellent service,  good portions and excellent food. Highly recommend
The "machine" was run well (they seat you efficiently and fast), service was friendly and fine, they handled my picky eating well (no mayo, add cheese), and the food was absolutely delicious.  The only real gripe is that it's loud, but we were on the "patio" which is basically off the casino, so it may have been quieter inside.  The mushroom "burger" is amazing - it has no meat, it's just made of mushrooms - and flavorful.  The new cuban sandwich is also phenomenal.
What a great place! This has always been one of our favorite places to eat while in Vegas. Not only are the portions HUGE, but the food is delish, there is a wide variety, and it is always quick. . . For this particular visit, we were seated by Matt, the Senior Manager. On our way to the table he found out we were from the Bay Area and actually from the same home town - small world! I mentioned to a friend how bad my heartburn was and how I was dying for a glass of milk. Literally, within a mintue of being seated, Matt was back with a tall glass of milk for me, and I hadn't even asked for it! Awesome service! I let him know I actually prefer Non-Fat but I was so thankful I would drink whatever, he insisted on bringing me the non-fat. That pretty much set the pace for the rest of the visit.. . We had the warm bread - Nom. The menu selection is so vast we each had something totally diff. I went for the Pasta Telephono = GREAT success. I was glad my friends weren't flying home so that they could bring my leftovers back, way too good to let go to waste. We had a great time refueling after a night at XS and a long day roaming the strip. Matt's hospitality was awesome, and he shared with us some of the other locations around the country that have other Grand Lux restaurants for us to visit.
Nothing "lux" about this place... but I still love it. From the same people that brought you the cheesecake factory... so expect the same exact thing. Even though there is nothing lux about this, we always eat here because we stay at the Venetian & Palazzo every time in Vegas (still the best hotel, after trying all the nice LV hotels, too!) so it is very convenient. I just don't like the tacky tourists... but hey, it's not GLC's fault! Lotsa people in here. I'm pretty sure this place is open very late as well.
Excellent food and good quick service. We had breakfast there, and I really liked the diversity of items on the menu - not just the regular "eggs & pancakes".
I have been eating here since the first weekend they opened. I have had breakfast, lunch, dinner and late night snack and have never had a bad meal.. It's owner by the Cheesecake Factory so you know quality and good food is there standard.. There Asian nachos is one of my favorites dishes, crispy won tons top with cheese and peanut sauce served with fried rice. A dish you must try.. They now have a small bite menu, a good value with nice size portions. BBQ sliders and Korean tacos are some of my favorites.. The sandwiches and salads are also great.. The desert, well like I said its own by the Cheesecake Factory so you know they are great.. I will be back every time I'm in Las Vegas
Asian Nachos (6/5 NOMs). . Holy fried wontons! This is probably one of my top pic in Vegas so far. Its Asian-Mexican fusion dish! I just ordered this appetizer as a full entre. And trust me such a big order that it will fill you up. Where can you find Crispy Fried Wontons as chips Covered with Chicken in a Sweet-Hot Peanut Sauce. Topped with Wasabi Cream and Melted Cheese. Peanut Sauce was very strong, maybe a bit too much, but I didn't mind it and ate the whole thing. Got to get this again!. . Waffle (5/5 NOMs). . Waffle me up with thick waffle. Can never go rong with something so thick. Great way to start the day :) or continue late night of clubbing! Nice and thick, just the way waffle should be.
Spicy avocado burger. Enough said. Perfectly cooked medium and tasted great overall. Only bad part it was very greasy/juicy but that can be a plus if you like that. Service was great and fries were decent. Friend dragged me here after he kept raving about it and had to finally try it-wasn't disappointed. Would definitely recommend if you like juicy burgers at a very reasonable price ($13 for a gourmet burger in vegas not bad at a all).
I went to Vegas with my husband a couple of years ago and we ate here. I had never had chicken and waffles before, and I don't know what compelled me to order it, but I did. . Since then, I have ordered chicken and waffles at countless other places. Nothing, NOTHING, comes even close to theirs. I dreamed that one day, we would cross paths again!. When I finally found myself in Vegas again, the ONE thing I really wanted to do was go the the Grand Lux Cafe and eat chicken and waffles. Everyone who was with me on my second trip to vegas I have converted everyone to a chicken and waffle loving maniac.. . My friends got huevos rancheros (amazing), pancakes (amazing), chilaquiles (amazing).. . My only complaint about this place is that their cappuccinos are awful.
decently priced, generously portioned meals, pretty extensive menu --  coupled with an excellent mixed drink menu, made by the bar adjacent to the cafe -- makes this place an easy choice for those seeking a no nonsense and no frills experience in Las Vegas of all places.
I dined at the Grand Lux last night.  The food was average.  I had the southern fried chicken with roasted brussel sprouts and  an asian style coleslaw.  The slaw was bland and the sprouts were a little too toothy for my taste.  . . The portions here are huge.  I could not finish my plate, that is saying something.  . . What made this experience amazing was our waiter, Jose S.   I have had good service in the past, but Jose S went over and above all expectations!  Not only did he gladly ask questions of the chef regarding dietary questions that I had, but he when the computer told him that they did not have the item I desired, he took the extra step and checked.  Who would have thunk it?  The computer was wrong (even though two other waiters came by and told my table that they were out of fried chicken.)  . . The waiter can make an ok meal great, or make a great meal terrible (see my review of Nundini's.)  This waiter made the meal amazing.  . . Even though he was working on Christmas day, he was happy to be there, glad to help and treated us like guests in his own home.
Holy cow! The food is fantastic.  We ordered the lunch pizza salad, 2 different pastas including spicy marinara. It is just the best Italian food I have had for the price in Vegas. Must eat if u can.
This my favorite breakfast place.  Too bad I don't live in Las Vegas.  Every time I come to LV I come here for breakfast.. Bacon is thick and crisp.  I can taste it now!  Coffee is great.  The made-to-order omlettes are delicious.
I ate here with my family. . . Apps: We shared the chicken lime mango salad and buffalo chicken rolls. Both were amazing! Portions were huge.. . Entrees: for my entree i had the pasta telephono which was good. But the gnocchi were AMAZING! Possibly the best pasta dish I have ever had. . . Service: Our waitress was very nice and informative even suggesting menu items that turned out to be fantastic!. . OVERALL:. food- 4.5. service- 5. total- 4.75 rounds up! (QUICK, RELATIVELY CHEAP, GOOD SERVICE AND EXCELLENT FOOD)
This place deserves 5 stars: 4 stars for the food and +1 stars for being open 24/7.. . Leaving the club at 3 AM and super hungry? This place has legitimately good food for a decent price.  Waking up at 6 AM to drive home and avoid the insane NYE traffic? Thank God for Grand Lux!. . I tend to eat here every time I come to Vegas, which is saying something.  Usually it's in the wee hours of the morning but I'm happy to say that the service and food has never failed me.  For breakfast I really recommend the Joe's scramble (Palazzo Grand Lux) and red velvet pancakes.  The hubby really likes the protein breakfast.  My friend ordered the Shepard's pie for dinner and said it was really amazing.  This place is owned by Cheesecake Factory so everything is going to taste pretty good, you literally cannot go wrong!  . . Tip: Only the Venetian Grand Lux is open 24/7.  The one at the Palazzo is not, but has slightly different menu options.
Probably one of the best 24 hour diner/cafes I have ever been too! ONLY in Vegas! . . Great place to get your munchies fulfilled after partying the night away. Food here taste like heaven! My girls and I have this routine where we wake up late, eat around 2 pm, get ready at 6 pm to go out....actually go out....then finish clubbing at around 3 am and by then...we're STARVING! So this place is so awesome that it is open all the time! . . The food isn't gross either. The portions are large and the prices are just right! They even give you bread while you are waiting for your food. I got the Modern Cuban Sandwich. Fresh fries and the sandwich was so good with the sweet meat and a hint of sourness due to the pickle and mustard. Really good! I couldn't even finish it and ended up saving it for the next day. . . Everything on the menu sounds good here. It was such a struggle for me to settle with the Modern Cuban Sandwich. My gf's breakfast  sandwich looked amazing! The egg looked so fluffy and vibrant next to the bacon, cheese, slabbed between two slices of bread. GAH. . . This place reminds me of a Cheesecake Factory! Their cake options looked so tempting...but we were already feasting late at night...we decided to have portion control. . . Need to come back here to try their dinner menu! . Asian Nachos? Chicken & Waffles? All the food looks so good! . . Best all day everything. Good looking breakfast, lunch, and dinner, late night!
Okay, so this review is only about their Sunday Night Pasta, a misnomer since they serve it every day. We did take-out, thus we had no experience in the restaurant or with the servers. But based on their Sunday Night Pasta, I HAVE to give this restaurant 5 stars. It's amazing. The braised beef chunks are tender and tasty, the meat sauce is perfect (not too overwhelming), and the spaghetti noodles are nice and buttery. This dish is neither too heavy nor too light, and the portions are generous, enough for two people. I highly recommend this dish, and I would be willing to go back and try other things. Additionally, the prices are reasonable as compared to similar restaurants (the Sunday Night Pasta was $18).
Summary: Fantastic!  Better than I remembered of the one in Beverly Hills.  Great food, selection, service, and value.  Nothing to complain about; only compliments.. . My buddy and I were in town for CES and in need of a no-reservations-needed dinner at around 8pm on a Friday.  I had been to the Beverly Hills Grand Lux numerous times in years past and always enjoyed it, but it never really stood out as a great restaurant to me.  When I called this Grand Lux there was no wait time, so we made our way there from Caesar's and were immediatelyseated.. . We ordered a couple of drinks (I ordered the house Chardonnay, which was by Beringer and was a great deal at $7 and really good), looked over the menu and decided to share a few items.  The three we chose were:. . Short rib sliders - Four little sliders on brioche buns, stuffed with super tender and flavorful braised short rib and topped with a creamy horseradish sauce.  Fantastic!. . Avocado-Chipotle Cheeseburger - A pretty massive cheeseburger.  Messy and kind of hard to eat, but with delicious ingredients.  A nice kick, too.. . Spicy Carnitas Sandwich - An excellent mix of textures and flavors.  Crisp on the outside and super tender on the inside.  A great sauce was provided with this one and it was delicious.. . Each of the entrees came with a side salad, so for around $35 we had a great quality meal and were satisfied with the quantity of food, too.  Can't recommend this place enough.
Good food, decent prices and freaking huge ass portions. Seriously, you can share a meal with a friend...or a linebacker. Yes, they give you THAT much food. Great menu selection, everyone in your party will find something they like. Drinks are awesome too. Bonus: they are open 24 hours a day!
Three months later and my sister-in-law is STILL talking about how good her chicken pot pie was! Everyone in our party was extremely pleased with the food (Kobe Meatballs, Kobe Burger, Chicken Pot Pie, and a Sandwich) and service here! I was impressed with the price vs. quality of the food. I don't go down to the strip all that often, but I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone headed into or near the Venetian!
get the cream of mushroom lunch special! the soup is fantastic and it comes w a large sandwich of you're choice and salad for $10.95. . watch out for the lemonade and OJ prices lol $5 a glass. . def good food and good service- they are always busy so make sure you go ahead to avoid lines
This place is amazing.  Every time I go I am never disappointed.  Started out with the short rib sliders that are so delicious.  The meet is tender and the bread is so fresh.  My boyfriend had the chile cornbread in which he said was the best cornbread he has ever tasted.  I had the chicken and waffles for dinner which was so good.  The chicken is not heavily breaded and very juicy. The waffles are served with a pecan maple butter syrup which is out of this world and the waffle has pecans on top.  My boyfriend had the Sunday Night Pasta which has tender short ribs, mushrooms, onions, and ground beef.  He is never disappointed with this dish.  The place is open 24 hours so you can go anytime.  I recommend at night when there are not that many people.  Enjoy!
owned by the Cheesecake Factory this restaurant offers an abundance of selections in their menu similar to the Cheesecake Factory only the food is a lot better! portions are big and the waitstaff are friendly.  if you go ask for Jin! the fried calamari was cooked to perfection not rubbery or hard.
This is the best restaurant in Vegas.. open 24/7. . great menu, . I had the Walnut something something french toast, its there signature dish.. I also on another day had this taco avocado scrambled eggs thing, it was also awesome.. The waiter told me its the busiest restaurant in America,  I dunno maybe he was justbullshitting me to get that tip. . But its definitely the best I had in Vegas. and its convenient because I was staying at the Venetian anyway... Will certainly come back again.
In Vegas, when in comes to food, the grand lux cafe is probably one of the best when it comes to pricetag vs value/quality of food you get. Especially in Vegas when you'll be paying quite a hefty dollar for almost everything.. . I've had the all you can eat breakfast buffet, the chicken Parmesan, and the ribeye.. . Breakfast Buffet: 4/5 Honestly it's hard to mess breakfast up so this part of the menu doesn't stand out in my mind.. . Ribeye: 4/5 Again though price for value, it was a very good steak for the amount you pay. Cooked pretty well to what I asked.. . Chicken Parmesan: 5/5 The BEST chicken Parmesan I've had hands down anywhere. When recommending items I always recommend this item to my friends and family and never were their expectations let down. The breading seasoning is just the right amount, with just the right amount of crispness in each bite.. . Servings are also quite generous.. . Service is not too bad. Positive servers. OK wait time for food and as long as the back area is open, the wait time for seating is not too bad either.
Came here twice during my trip to Vegas. That says something! The prices are so reasonable and the portions are very generous! The small/almost big plates are the normal size plates in NYC. They had a great menu, everything looked great! I love the fish of the day where you get two sides. I had trout with a side of sauteed mushroom and sauteed spinach. So yummy! Wish they have this in NYC! Definitely stop by. It's inside the Venetian Casino.
My sweetheart treated me to a special dinner, (date night) here and it was Amazing from start to finish! My first time dining here and the anticipation did not disappoint!. . The Ambiance is fantastic, classy and romantic dark it just made us feel so good!. . We had a sexy little booth to ourselves and it was romantic cozy!. . What we had.... . Complimentary bread basket! Yums!. . Appetizer: Buffalo Chicken Rolls . Chicken Breast, Cheese and Very Spicy Delicious Buffalo Sauce all Rolled in a Spiced Wrapper and Fried until Crisp. Served with Celery Sticks and . Blue Cheese Dressing.. . Liquor:. Orange-Citrus Cosmo . Grey Goose L'Orange, Limoncello and Aperol Shaken with Fresh Citrus. . Main meal:. Chicken Pot Pie . Chunks of Chicken Breast, Carrots, Peas, Pearl Onions and Mushrooms in a Creamy Sauce. With Housemade Crust.. . Main meal:. Chicken Parmesan and Shrimp Scampi. . Side order:. Green Chile-Cheese Cornbread . Baked in a Cast Iron Skillet. . Wow this meal was ridiculous good! My sweetheart said he wanted to take me out to a wonderful meal and he was not joking! He really spoiled me with this dinner!. . The service was Fantastic as well, our server was sweet as sugar and very attentive and full of great suggestions.. . The menu has so many items it was mind boggling trying to decide.. . I was pleased with what I ordered as I had the best chicken pot pie of my life!
My siblings and I went to this restaurant late at night after the club and ordered burgers and fries! It was delicious! The fries were served fresh and huge. Dipped with ranch sauce. Bomb!! The burgers were moist and sooo good! I would come back again!
My girlfriends and I visited this Grand Lux Cafe location in the hotel, Palazzo 3 times during a 4 night stay.  This is Cheesecake Factory location.  Loved Happy Hour menu with the appetizers and $5 drinks special.  I loved the blueberry mojito.  As well, each appetizers were $5 each.  We ended up ordering Creamy Spinach & Cheese Dip, Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Crispy Thai Shrimp & Chicken Spring Rolls, Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls and Double-Cheese Mini Sliders.   Everything was yummy!  I really enjoyed the Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls.
Had the BBQ salmon and it was to die for.  Great place to eat when nothing sounds good because the selection is immense.
4 Stars for food, plus 1 star for great service!. . Located in the Venetian Hotel, this is a good spot to try some quick American-influence entrees. I've been here a couple of times with a party of four or greater - of course here on business. It's pretty relaxing considering how crowded it can be. During my visit, the wait staff was very attentive, kept our water filled at all times. And kept on bringing warm bread. . . One thing I found interesting is how they broadcast their recent health and safety inspection - a wall dedicated to letter A's. It's actually quite nice. . . . Food was pretty good considering the cost, and I must say, wait times on food is exceptional considering the crowd. During a tradeshow evening, this place was jammed packed - and we got our food in about 15 minutes. Very quick considering the crowd. . . I had the Spaghetti with Clams and Shrimp. Good portions of food - although, I would've preferred less Clams and Shrimp. It seemed a bit much. . . I also tried the Keylime pie - it was much larger than I expected - so, consider that a warning for those who have a desire with dessert. . . If your crew isn't sure of what to eat, then bring them here - a relaxing atmosphere, where there something for everyone to eat.
This place is so impressive.  The food was excellent!  The service was above and beyond my expectation.  Very fast service.  The pricing was surprisingly reasonable.  I will definitely come back on my next trip to Vegas.
The service made this experience a very pleasurable one. As far as Vegas eats go....there's nothing special here. If you are looking for a good sandwich, VERY FRIENDLY staff, and the calming tranquility of some beautiful decor, this is your spot.
Everything about this restaurant is excellent! Price,quality, service!We always take our guest here! Never ate at the one in The Palazzo.Weve never had a bad dish!
this place is so wonderful! warm bread always, good food, service is amazing. I always have to come here first when I get to Vegas. Wish they had one in the Bay Area. I se people compare it to Cheescake Factory but this is way better but yet somewhat similar. Located in The Venetian Hotel.
If you like The Cheesecake Factory, you'll love this place. It was created by the Cheesecake Factory to be an upscale version and they certainly succeeded. The place is beautiful on the inside and has a pretty cool patio inside the casino where you can people watch as people walk in and out of the casino. Service is fast and courteous. I love the Pasta Telephono. Every time I'm in Vegas, this is one of the places that I need to stop by for a meal.
I see a lot of reviews say the wait was crazy long for food. I didn't get that because we went during an extremely slow time. So although that didn't happen to me, it looks like it is something to be aware of in case you are pressed for time. . . My friend got the veggie burger, and she said it was without a doubt the best veggie burger she has ever had! The portions are HUGE, so my other friend and I split a pasta dish, and it was INCREDIBLE! It had bacon and chicken in it with peas and a creamy garlic sauce. Honestly, I wish I could eat more because it was amazing. . . Our drinks were good too! Between the three of us we had the house red Merlot, Lemon Drop Martini, and Asian Pear Martini. All of it: perfect. . . Service was great too!
You can't go wrong with the Grand Lux Cafe.   They have a large, diverse menu and everything on it is excellent!  It's a takeoff of the Cheesecake Factory so - of course!  There are locations in both the Venetian and the Palazzo so if one's busy, go to the other!  My favorite is the Sunday night pasta, where they take short rib bits, sausage, steak, and other "leftovers" and mix it into their sauce.  Another favorite is their version of the Sloppy Joe... mmmm.  Very good.  They have good Thai food too (really, a pretty in-depth asian menu overall).  I highly recommend this place...
My parents have been talking about the ribs and ahi salad they got at the Venetian the last time they were there.  So last weekend, we do the walk from the Aria to the Venetian (really long walk) in search of this restaurant. It seems counterintuitive that this great food comes out of this normal looking casino restaurant, but it really was good. . . I've been on a pasta carbonara fix (trying to relive my amazing Rome dining experience), so I ordered it with low expectations since every other place has been terrible. I have to say that this was the best pasta carbonara that I've had outside of Rome. It was a very cheesy cream sauce and with actual thick cut bacon. The whole meal tasted like smoked bacon. The lunch portion was huge and since it was very rich, I couldn't finish it. My husband ordered the short rib burger (short ribs are a topping on the burger) and he liked it a lot. Dad ordered the ribs and mom the ahi salad, which they both loved just as much the first time. . . Unfortunately, there were some cons. My husband's burger came without any dressings/sauces, which is a little strange. He had to ask for mayo and our server said he'd have to go to the kitchen to get it. My mom asked for soy sauce and wasabi. Our server told us they only had soy sauce, which was a lie because they had a wasabi dressing for the ahi appetizer. I suspect the wasabi dressing was in the kitchen and our server didn't want to go back after retrieving the mayo.. . All in all, I'd definitely go back and I'd order the pasta carbonara (maybe to share next time) in a heart beat.
After a terrible dinning experience at the food court at Green Valley Ranch, I was pleasantly surprised by our dining experience at the Grand Lux at the Venetian.  I have been there several times and have always enjoyed it, but this was the first time we went with our 3 girls.  We got right in, had amazing service that went above and beyond to help make it a nice dinner despite having 2, 4 and 6 year olds with us.  The Cobb salad was as good a salad as I have ever had at a restaurant; fresh, high quality chicken, bacon and blue cheese.  Wife loved her smaller chop salad.  Girls devoured the edamame, volcano shrimp and sliders.  I spent twice as much on dinner as the night before, but felt like we got a bargain.  Can't say enough good things about our diner.
Huge fan of this spot after TAO or LAVO!  Love their Garlic Shrimp Noodle or their Eggs, any style, Hash Brown Potatoes with Toast! =P  Used to come here twice a week.  Miss this place!
BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD.. . I got the Maui Rib Eye and it was totally worth it. The steak was perfectly tender and season. I got mash potatoes as my side and wasn't really impressed with it. But I can't ask for anything more since they gave me the best steak I've ever had. They decorated with a pineapple slice, which I wished I had known that it was just for decoration before I tried chewing on it. I soooooo want to go back for the steak.
grand lux cafe always been a favorite of mines always get the  crispy caramel chicken . never fails but since they no longer have one in los angeles i cant go as much as i want until i go to vegas.
Was a perfect dining experience!
Excellent food.  Open 24 hours.  Don't let them fool you by saying breakfast only gets served to 11am as they have an all day breakfast menu that is fairly large.  This place is just perfect for hangover comfort food.
I was really hungry and needed some serious food to compensate for all the Jack, I had been drinking.  Decided to eat at the Grand Lux Cafe.  It was crowded but they seated me quickly.   The waiter brought me water, bread and butter without me asking.  He came back to take my order in a few minutes. I ordered my stand by favorite Chicken Pot Pie and coffee.  The pot pie takes a little while to prepare so I ate some of the hot bread and yelped while I waited.  The pot pie arrived and was delicious. More a stew of big chicken chunks, potatoes, carrots, and peas with a flaky pie crust floating on top of the white gravy rue. Too full for dessert this time...5 stars. Food, service, and atmosphere all tops.
Dear Grand Lux Cafe,. . Thank you, thank you, thank you. When I've stayed at the Venetian or Palazzo you have always been there for me, arms wide open, 24/7. I am pretty sure you've saved my life at 6 am after a long, long Vegas night on more than one occasion. Sure, you remind me a bit of the Cheesecake Factory, but when my heels are in my hand and my eyeliner is smeared all over my face I just want a goddamned sandwich... and you're always there to hook me up. . . Thanks for that.. -Lexie
We ate at the Grand Lux before seeing the Priscilla, Queen of the Desert show. It was excellent from start to finish. The decor is beautiful, the seating was a nice booth and we enjoyed the ambiance. We shared the mashed potato spring rolls and were pleasantly surprised by the size and quality of this appetizer. They are delicious, reasonably priced and plentiful. We then shared the roast turkey and brie sandwich...again, delicious and nicely sized. Also reasonably priced. The strawberry lemonade was a wonderful blend of what seemed to be real strawberry puree and good lemonade. We got more than enough to eat by sharing each dish and walked out spending less than $40, including 20% tip. All in all, a complete winner. We would happily eat there again.
Best burger I've ever had on the strip, server was super cool and its 24/7! What's not to love?
Amazingly Delicious!!. .  We ordered the Avocado-Chipotle Cheeseburger , Short Rib Grilled Cheese Sandwich, DeLux Drive-In Burger ,  and the Pasta Carbonara with chicken.. . ALL OF IT WAS YUMMY! I will definatley return on every Vegas trip!
Came here not once, not twice, but THREE times. First night I was vaguely reminded of the Cheesecake factory. The menu and decor are pretty similar so I was excited. First things first, you're in Vegas. Order some cocktails. I had the Peach Bellini, Lux Cosmopolitan, and a Mai Tai. I was buzzing my way outta there when we were done. . . My party of 3 had the Buffalo Chicken Rolls and Crab Cakes to start, then onto the Garlic Shrimp Pasta and some Pizza. We had to rush to get to Surrender at Wynn/Encore. This was about 8pm Friday.. . 5am Saturday, we were coming from Drai's after hours. We were STARVING so we had the famous Steak & Eggs dish.This time, we didn't get dessert. But wait for it.. . Following night it was 10pm and we were a little drunk. Not exactly throwing up everywhere and all but things were spinning and our sense of balance just wasn't happening. We came again and this place was kinda busy! 4am! These people never quit in Vegas. Our servers were extra helpful - must be common for them to get delirious people in Vegas because of the heat and the massive consumption of alc. I ordered the Sticky Bun Bread Pudding, friend ordered the Strawberry Shortcake. Let me tell you. I don't know why I chose that over the Cheesecake or the Molten Chocolate Cake, but man. MMM MMM MMM. Sweet, soft breading and crunchy cause of the pecans. Good portions too!. . I have to say, with the amazing experience we had here THREE times, we're coming back. Until then, What Happens in Vegas......
The Chicken Mushroom Soup never gets old here. It's perfect with the free bread they give out. . . I also got the Cuban Sandwich here, which isn't a pressed sandwich here. It's not toasted from the outside, which is a signature of the Cuban, but it was still good. . . The Chicken Parmesan was enormous ! It was definitely big enough to feed two people. It also came with a serving of pasta.
The food is super-rich.  You will get very full if you attempt to eat everything on your plate.  I have ordered pasta and steak and both were excellent.  I would say the pasta dishes are the way to go, as the few sauces I've ordered were very good.  I got a bite of my wife's iceberg salad and it was very good as well.  They serve Cheesecake Factory dessert, so try to save enough room.
Absolutely LOVED this eatery.   It's 24-hour so it fit right in after we had a late-arrival in Vegas and were starving.  The service was fast, friendly and helpful!   I ordered the Grilled Steak sandwich but asked to special-order the prep on it to mimic the sausage sandwich (tomatoes, fontina cheese etc).  It was amazing!!. Sliced (on the bias), chargrilled steak on a roll.   I was craving something grilled and this totally hit the spot.  Tipped the chef 10 bucks simply for creating it and doing it right.
I've eaten here countless times, whether it be for breakfast, dinner before a crazy night out, and for late late hangover cure meals. They also always seem to be open and busy regardless what time of the day it is. THat's always a good sign. And the service is quick which makes waiting for a table aquick process!. . Yes, it's similar to the Cheesecake Factory with their menu diverse and offers almost everything. But not to worry, despite their vast menu, the quality of food has NEVER suffered! The portions are huge but I never take it with me simply because my hotel room lacks a fridge and microwave for reheating purposed. The salads are always on point, fresh & crisp and not doused in heavy dressings. The pastas are always rich and creamy, and the sandwiches and appetizers are delicious. They also have great lunch combos for a great price and the breakfast meals are dynamite. Again, the portions are huge, even if it's only lunch for for the great menu pricing and quality, its worth it!
BEST ALL-EGG-WHITE OMELETTE!. . They had the best all-egg-white omelette I've ever had. Ordered it for lunch. (Mushroom, spinach, onion, Swiss cheese). Also ordered tomato slices as side with bagel and cream cheese.. . Returned to this place for dinner the same day, and ordered the veggie as a meal with 4 veggies, but didn't know it came with a bowl of rice in addition to 4 veggie choices. If I knew, I wouldn't have ordered a starch as a veggie. Mushrooms, chili cornbread (starch), spinach, broccoli and bowl of rice. The Chili cornbread was a bit heavy with butter/oil, but was flavorful.. . I then returned AGAIN the following morning to order the same awesome omelette, but it wasn't as good. The second omlette was not as fluffy, not as flavorful (less buttery flavor), there was too much spinach, and not enough mushrooms, but it was still a very good omelette.. . This was my favorite place to eat on this trip.
OMG this place is so good, I had their garlic shrimp pasta, caesar salad and shaking beef. EVERYTHING WAS SOOOOO GOOD. creamy garlicky caesar, and the pasta was SOOOOOOOOOO good. and the shaking beef had such a great flavor. Man oh man! I loved it. SOMETHING AT A GREAT PRICE AND GREAT PORTIONED IN VEGAS.. . Definitely recommend this place if you want something worth your money and leftovers to save to eat for later! YUMMMY i want more =( too bad Im back in seattle now
Service was 100%!me and my friends server did everything we asked for! The bread we got in the beginning was so good, especially the wheat.. . Forgot what my friend had but I ordered shrimp and chicken jambalaya. The level of spicy was perfect and so was the taste of the sauce. Just wish I had more shrimps and sauce! . . One of the less expensive places to eat in Vegas. And get a huge portion too :)
Everything we ate in this restaurant was excellent.  Even when there were long lines, they got people seated very quickly.
I could eat at this place everyday and have something different each time and it would be delicious!. . I love this place.
Great place sure its bought by cheese cake but taste isn't anything like cheese cake. It taste even much better.
During our recent trip to Vegas, we got a chance to check out the grand lux cafe in the Venetian. There was a 30 min wait or so and it was pretty impressive, considering the restaurant is so big. . . I had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which was the best I have ever had. Our waiter was a great guy and he was kind enough to bring me extra buffalo sauce. We left satisfied.
Best BLT I've ever had a restaurant. I realize that's an interesting observation about a place that can serve SO much more. But hey, if they can do the "simple" things well, that means the other stuff must be pretty good too!
Hands-down 5 stars! On a late Friday night (or perhaps in the wee morning hours), my husband and I sneaked out of the room and came here to get a drink and chicken wings. We were seated in a nice comfortable booth and ordered a Pina Colada and Buffalo Chicken Wings. Loved the classy ambiance. Service is commendable.. . Within a few minutes our drink was served. My husband who normally doesn't take alcohol actually loved the Pina Colada here. Chicken wings were amazing too! Loved it so much that we brought our parents to the restaurant the next day for lunch!. . Tip:. The entree portions are pretty big, unless your stomach is rumbling, 2 people can easily share one entree and leave the restaurant on a full stomach.
This is the best cafe in Vegas! Just walked over from Caesars at midnight to grub out on oversized portions. Started out with a Belvedere Dirty Martini which was huge and  had the Seared Ahi Tuna salad for my entree! Fortunately I was able to split a mushroom cheeseburger which was awesome.  There wasn't any room for dessert cause I got to look good at the pool parties!!!
I'll start by saying that Debbie, our waitress, made this a five star experience. If not for her, it very easily would've been two stars.. . We decided to come here at 1AM due to a lack of other veggie options (it seems like everything vegan is shut down at midnight for some reason). . . The restaurant is nestled in the Venetian hotel, with bistro style seating right next to the casino. Inside, however, it's a bit more intimate with the dim lighting. We could still hear the occasional victory cheers from patrons who hit the jackpot in the casino. Definitely not a quiet place, but a nice reprieve from the hustle and bustle of the casino. . . To start, we spent a good amount of time studying the drink menu. They've got some stellar cocktails, all on the weaker side and kind of expensive, but that's the Strip for ya.. . Pina colada: not bad.. Mojito: the bomb.. . They've also got several wine and beer options for those looking to avoid cocktails. . . When ordering food, we noticed they have separate menus available depending on what time of day it is. Their overnight menu has a lot of options: my friends got sliders, a breakfast plate piled high with bacon, and a couple cheeseburgers. They also have many steak, pasta, pizza, and salad options. But again, I woefully found a lack of vegan options on this menu.. . This is where Debbie came in to save the day. She finagled with the chefs to see if they'd cook up a special dish for me. And they did just that. I was brought a beautiful plate of sauteed mushrooms, broccoli, asparagus, and brown rice. Large servings, well displayed, and made to order. It hit the spot and kept the night from going down a disappointing path.. . We never felt rushed. And I was pleased to see one of the chefs, decked out in his nice white chef jacket, personally come out to let us know the progress of our meals.. . Debbie checked on us routinely but didn't hover, and she really was a sweetheart.. . Ultimately, it was a great late night dining experience.
SImilar to cheesecake factory. . +1 open late. +1 great food. +1 servers are tolerable of all the drunk people. +1 HUGE servings. +1 decent prices considering its a touristy area
Mmm creme brulee....vanilla or chocolate? What!? I get both...for under $10!?. . Delicious and affordable fine dining in Vegas. Life is good at the Grand Lux Cafe.
I have been to the grand lux cafe at the Beverly center in LA, so when I found out there was one in the Venetian I knew it would be great.. . It is open 24 hours, and we got there for a late dinner on Monday night around 11. Our waitress Ashley was very friendly and overall great! For an appetizer we got the fried calamai. It was great! I ordered the pan seared salmon and it was great! My boyfriend ordered the chopped beef steak - didn't like it at all, and wanted to the angus steak. Ashley was kind enough to switch it out for us , and offered salad or soup while he waited! . . She was great on our refills, and was very sweet. Overall great food, greatttt service, (thanks Ashley!) and wonderful atmosphere! We will be back!
Every time i go to vegas its never hard to figure out where i want to go for lunch and dinner in the same day lol. Shrimp and chicken Indochine is the one and only dish!!!!
This place is great. And everything taste amazing.  I've been here like 4 times and everytime has been consistently great.  I've had burgers. Clam chowder.  Eggs benny.  Everytime.  on the money.
The best fucking diner that I've ever been to. We had potato and cheese egg rolls and a short rib grilled cheese sandwich. Our server was super friendly! I'd consider staying at the Venetian next time so we can hit up this 24 hours joint any time we need a Vegas meal!
Good for DRUNK MUNCHIES after TAO Nightclub.. Good for DINNER before all the club ratchet activities.. Good for LUNCH too.. I have not yet to try here for breakfast yet. It is quite hard to wake up early in Vegas.. . I have one check in here but it's only because I just started to use Yelp. . . I have been going here EVERY SINGLE time I go to Vegas. I usually go to Vegas almost every month. My regular order is Pasta Telephono. It is basically pasta with marinara with bread crumbs on top. If you want chicken, its extra! This pasta reminds me one of the Corner Bakery's pasta with breadcrumbs. (I can't recall the name). . . I have also tried the Baby Back Ribs. Their portions are HUGE. So if you go with one person and have small appetite.... I say order one plate and share and get an appetizer. . . I have also tried their Eggroll on their Appetizer Menu. The sauce to dip that came along was so tangy! Loved it. Pasta Pomodoro is also something to try!. . 5-star. Excellent service. Excellent Food. I love the decorations.. OH, one thing I do not like is their lighting, it is so dark in there and makes me sleepy. BUT their food makes up for it.
Cheesecake Factory's sister restaurant, so you can expect great variety in the menu and huge portions. Yum!
This is my GO-TO late night dining spot on the strip, without about. Whether it's 4pm or 4am, you know you're going to get some high quality grub! . . This place is a sister restaurant to Cheesecake Factory, so you'll see a lot of familiar menu items and decor. The menu or at least the late night menu is much more limited than Cheesecake Factory, which to me is a GOOD thing! I can never decide what to get at Cheesecake!. . This last time that I went the server was AMAZING! And it was like 3AM, I think his name was Sean. He was running around like crazy serving, but was super attentive and friendly filled my water and diet coke countless times. I was very impressed.. . The food was good as always. I have had several items off this menu in the past, but this time I tried the Kobe Burger. I tend to stray away from the Kobe Burgers because usually places just put the Kobe name on it and make a mediocre burger leaving me disappointed! That wasn't the case here... The burger was moist and really flavorful with caramelized onions, sauteed shitakke mushrooms and togarashi aoili! . . I really think you can't go wrong here, grab something that sounds good and I am sure you will be more than satisfied ESPECIALLY if you are here in the middle of the night!. . MY GO-TO DISH: Quality food at any time of day or night? They're all GO-TO DISHES ;)
Wonderful atmosphere and fresh food. Try the huevos ranchero or white egg omelette.  Get the Grazie card and skip the line!
Luxury cafe!  Had brunch there.  It was a ginormous, clean atmosphere.  Food was good!  Eggs were good.  Sandwich was good.  Wasn't entirely impressed with the fries.  They appear to have large portions for many plates.  So if that's ok, go hungry!
I first heard about this restaurant in 2008, a cab driver told us to try it out. Every time I visit Las Vegas we dine at Grand Lux. The food is wonderful. Large portions, great for sharing. My favorites are Shrimp Scampi and Thai Shrimp and Chicken Spring Rolls for an appetizer!
Had the Hawaii Maui steak and it was freaking delicious. Cooked and seasoned perfectly. My friend had the burger and salad which was also good. Great place to eat if you don't want to spend too much money on the strip and still have a good late night meal
My husband and I went here for breakfast the morning that we got married in the Venetian. It was so fantastic and to this day it is probably the best corned beef hash I have ever had. It was homemade, not that gross processed stuff, and it had so much flavor. Everything from the eggs to the potatoes and of course the best corned beef ever was just great.. . The atmosphere is great and we didn't have to wait very long to get a table. It's casual and relaxing and we hung out for a long time. They had a buffet that morning but we didn't try it. We also tried the eggs benedict and that was solid too. . . This definitely deserves 5 stars not only for the memorable hash, but bc it is in the most beautiful hotel in Vegas. Ican't wait to go back and I will absolutely stay at The Venetian...and you can bet I will be having the corned beef hash every morning!
Chicken Parmesan is amazing and huge - even the lunch portion! Bread is also great :) Sometimes service can be a little slow but definitely worth it
Fancy atmosphere, and prices are not bad at all compared to most Vegas restaurants. Ordered the Steak Sandwich, a chicken pasta, and salmon (big small plate). They were all pretty amazing. We ended up coming here the very next day. Super satisfied with everything.
*** Celiac Friendly ***. There are 2 of these; one in the Palazzo and one in the Venetian. I was in the Venetian. There is one downside and that is that it's built like a street side cafe which means that you should ask to sit in the back, as the "outside" part is right on the casino floor thick with choking cigarette and cigar smoke.. . Now for the food. We were there for breakfast and I ordered the house-made corned beef hash (CBH). Breakfast for 2 arrived - and that was just mine! Along with the CBH were hash browns (superfluous since the CBH was 25% hash browns already) and a large amount of fresh fruit. And the taste? YUM!!! I will be back!
